Ryan thought he knew all the cars in the neighborhood, but he didn't recognize the Lexus that led him up the street. It pulled onto the driveway at the house next door to his dad's place, and he glanced at Izzy. "The new neighbor, I guess."
A successful-looking middle-aged man climbed out of the Lexus and motioned to get his attention. "Hey, neighbor!" He walked around the car, reached over the low hedge that separated the two driveways, and offered his hand. "I haven't had a chance to introduce myself. We moved in last week. I'm Clint Bailey."
"Ryan Novak." He shook Clint's hand and pointed to the house. "This is my dad's place. He took his girlfriend off for a vacation, so I'm looking after it." He stroked Izzy's elbow when she stopped beside him. "This is Isabella. She's helping."
"Izzy." She touched Clint's hand. "Sorry about the smell. I work at the zoo, and I haven't showered yet."
Clint glanced at Izzy with obvious appreciation, from her smile and the dark hair tied at the back of her head, to the open collar of her shirt and the sleek fit of her jeans. He looked away when a woman's voice caught his attention. "I heard you come home. You were talking."
"This is my wife, Amanda." Clint gestured as if he were making a presentation, Ryan straightened his back. Clint's wife was younger than Clint.
"It's Amy." She reached across the hedge to touch Izzy's arm. "From what I heard, you're Izzy and you're Ryan." He had a hard time pulling his eyes up. Amy must have been sunbathing before she came out. The top of a thong showed over the light sarong around her hips, and her nipples pressed out under her top.
Amy smiled at Ryan. The honey blonde hair that curled above her shoulders and the curve of her lips were familiar. "Ms. Bailey?" he asked, and Amy laughed.
"Let me guess, you went to middle school at JFK. No-one but my students would call me 'Ms. Bailey.'"
"You were my seventh grade English teacher, like eight years ago!"
Amy scanned Ryan's body the same way he scanned her, from the front of his jeans, up his torso, to the stubble on his jaw. It made him self-conscious. She smiled. "Forgive me if I don't remember you. I bet you've changed a lot since seventh grade."
A dog barked from behind the house, and Amy changed the subject. "Your dog is usually quiet."
"Gigi doesn't have as much energy as she used to, but she knows we're out here." He rested his hand on Izzy's hip and pulled her against his hip. "I'll walk her and feed her while you shower."
Amy tugged on Clint's arm. "We have kabobs ready to go on the grill then Pete and Cheryl are coming over for drinks, so we'll talk another time."
Izzy stopped Ryan while he unlocked the door. "You had a hot English teacher."
He pushed the door open and let Izzy in. "I don't remember her that way. I remember that she was strict. I spent a few hours in the Principal's office for disturbing her class." Gigi's leash was on the hook where it was supposed to be. "This won't take long--up the street and back."
Izzy stopped at the foot of the stairs. "I'm going to put these clothes in the wash. What did you do to get in trouble?"
"Cracked a lame joke?" Ryan didn't know, but he cracked a lot of lame jokes back then.
"Maybe she'd remember you if you told a better joke." Izzy laughed and ran the stairs.
Gigi was happy to see Ryan with her leash, and even happier when they got back from their walk. He checked her water outside where long shadows streaked across the patio and filled her bowl inside. He could hear the clothes washer running, and he found Izzy in the bathroom, rinsing her underwear.
Ryan patted Izzy's bare bottom. "I need to shower, too. What are you going to do?"
Izzy shrugged and let him explore the crack of her ass. "I have my phone, and your dad's wifi is solid. I'll find something to do."
Ryan was still drying off when he stepped out of the bathroom and found Izzy butt-up on the bed. She had her phone in one hand, and she touched herself with the other. He looked over her shoulder. "Porn? Ooh. Girl-on-girl."
"Girl-on-girl, boy-on-girl, boy-on-boy; it's all good to me." Izzy watched Ryan drop his towel and climb onto the bed. "I've never done it with a girl. That's on my list for the summer." His stiffening cock made his plan pretty obvious.
"I don't know how to help you with that one." Ryan ran one hand up between Izzy's thighs. She laughed, squirmed to get her knees apart, and arched her back. Her pussy was already wet.
Ryan touched his thumb to Izzy's anus and pulled her butt cheek to the side. "Is butt sex still on your list for the summer?" He slid his fingers along her pussy lips and into her pussy.
Izzy caught her breath then exhaled into the sheets. "It is, but not for tonight."
"I can live with that." Ryan wet his cock with Izzy's juice, pushed his fingers into her again, and opened her vagina. He held his cock and pushed its smooth cap into her.
Izzy lifted her head and moaned, and Ryan watched her pussy stretch around his shaft. He caught his breath and stopped for a moment. "God, you feel good."
Ryan pushed into her again, and Izzy clutched the bed covers. He thrust again and squeezed his hips against her pretty butt with his cock tingling deep inside her. He put a hand on her shoulder to keep her from slipping away, and he drove his cock into her again.
Izzy chanted "Oh God!" The excitement from Ryan's accelerating rhythm made her writhe under him. She touched herself. He could feel her fingertips brush his shaft as she swirled them over her pink bud.
Ryan slowed to keep himself from going too quickly then he listened to Izzy's pants and guttural noises as he undulated over her and in her, faster until he found the pace that would drive her over the top.
The room was growing dark, but Ryan could still see Izzy's hands slip their grips. Her fingers clutched at air, and she tossed her head back against his chest. She gasped with each orgasmic spasm. They tightened her cunt around Ryan's shaft and shot up her spine.
Ryan slowed his pace. He watched and felt Izzy's surrender for a moment before he realized that he couldn't stop himself anymore. Izzy gasped when he slammed his cock into her. He slapped against her ass and clenched his teeth, and his hot essence burned the length of his shaft before it erupted deep inside her.
He pounded Izzy into the mattress, and maybe she came again while he emptied himself into her. He couldn't tell for sure. All he could do was collapse on her back and roll away with his chest heaving.
Izzy's hair fell around Ryan's face. Her naked body was in his arms, and she kissed his lips and his throat. "Oh God that felt good! Was it good for you too?" Ryan's answer was to laugh and stroke Izzy's sleek body. She looked up at the clock. "It's still early. We have hours before you need to take me home."
A noise came from the foot of the stairs, and Ryan lifted his head to listen. "We were too loud." He dropped his head back on the mattress and groaned. "Now Gigi's worried about us, but she can't climb the stairs anymore. All she can do is whine."
Ryan found his damp towel, wrapped it around his waist, and tucked the corner in to hold it. "I'll tell her what a good girl she is and be right back."
Izzy was in the bathroom when Ryan got back, and a light outside caught his attention. He stepped closer to the window and watched until Izzy opened the bathroom door. "I can see into the backyard next door--the pool, the patio, the Baileys and their friends. Weren't they Pete and Cheryl?"
Pete was a bald, stocky man with his hairless body stripped to the waist. He held a drink in one hand, settled his other hand on Amy's hip and pushed her sarong to the ground. Amy squeezed herself against him while he stroked her bare butt cheek, and she watched Clint and Cheryl.
"The Andersons--the people who used to live next door--were like my grandparents. I grew up over there. They even put a gate in the wall, so I could come and go." Ryan's voice trailed off as he watched. "Maybe the Baileys haven't noticed that they don't have much privacy."
To Ryan, Cheryl looked like a librarian in a see-through jumpsuit. She was even wearing glasses when she knelt in front of Clint and reached into his pants with both hands.
"Yeah, it was Pete and Cheryl." Izzy pushed Ryan aside so she could see what he saw. "Oh my God! Is she sucking his cock?" She stepped closer to the window, then groaned. "Dammit! They're going inside. That's totally not fair." She turned and gripped Ryan's arm. "I've never watched people do it for real. Do you think it would be hotter than watching porn?"
"I think we can find out." He pulled the blanket from the foot of the bed and pushed it at Izzy. "Here, cover yourself."
Izzy wrapped herself in the blanket and Ryan held his towel so it wouldn't fall down. They stifled their laughter while they sneaked through the gate between the yards. Both couples were inside the wide patio doors, so Ryan found a grassy spot where they could watch. Amy's bikini was gone, and she was helping Cheryl out of her jumpsuit.
Light from inside the house reflected on the dark pool, and they watched across the water while Pete sat back on the sofa. He held his hard-on up while his wife--in her glasses and librarian shoes--arranged herself on his lap. She worked carefully, and Pete dropped his head back when she settled her weight on him.
Ryan held Izzy in front of him, with his hands on her breasts under the blanket. She caught her breath and shuddered. "That went up her butt." Izzy's nipples were hard.
Amy set her wine glass on the end table and knelt on the sofa. She held Cheryl with one hand behind her head, kissed her open mouth, and slid her hand down to her pussy.
Izzy moaned, and she wet her fingers between her legs while Cheryl lifted her knees apart and Clint mounted her. He worked the head of his cock into Cheryl's slit, and her mouth fell open when he filled her.
Izzy's wet fingers swirled over her trigger. She turned her head and gasped into Ryan's ear. "Oh God, I'm putting that on my list. I want three people to do me at the same time."
Ryan stifled Izzy's voice with his mouth over hers, and shoved his tongue between her lips. She worked two fingers into her vagina, and her breath on his cheek was hot and rough. Her tense body writhed in his arms while she ground the heel of her hand against her clit.
The sounds from inside were muffled, but they could make out the sounds that Cheryl made even over the wet noises Izzy's made with her fingers in her cunt. Cheryl came, and there was hardly a pause before she came again.
The third orgasm belonged to Izzy. She turned her head when she couldn't breathe anymore and broke Ryan's rough kiss. Her mouth fell open. She squeezed her trigger, and she bucked in Ryan's arms.
Ryan opened Izzy's blanket and climbed between her legs while Amy freshened drinks, and Clint arranged furniture. He propped himself on one hand and stroked the head of his cock over Izzy's clit and down her still-wet pussy lips.
Amy settled on the sofa and lifted her knees apart. Pete knelt in front of her, and she held his head between her thighs. Clint put Cheryl on her knees next to them, and she tossed her head back against his chest when he pushed his cock into her.
Izzy clutched at the tender skin over Ryan's ribs and caught her breath when Ryan filled her with his thick shaft. Izzy's pretty tits bobbed while he fucked her. Her voice came in grunts and gasps, and she tightened her grip on his sides.
Ryan wrapped Izzy in his arms, and covered her mouth with his hand when she got too loud. His muscles strained, and his skin gleamed under a sheen of sweat. His cock burned inside her. He needed her wet pussy to put it out, but the fire only burned hotter.
There was no-one to muffle Ryan when he came. He turned his head toward the patio door where Ms. Bailey worked Pete's shaft in her hands and her mouth. He groaned through his teeth, forced his cock deep into Izzy, and his body went rigid. She twisted in his grip and tightened her legs around him while he emptied himself into her.
Izzy laughed in Ryan's ear when he finally relaxed. She plucked at the hair on his head and whispered in his ear. "Talking to your old teacher might be a little awkward for a while. I mean--really."
It was the next afternoon when Ryan found out how awkward it could be. He opened the gate to take Gigi out for her walk, and Amy looked up from where she was working in the flowerbed along the sidewalk. He thought about backing up, but it was too late. Instead, he said, "Hi, Ms. Bailey."
Amy called to Gigi. "What a sweet girl. What a sweet girl she is!" She looked up at Ryan. "Call me Amy. Can I walk with you?"
"Sure, but it's not much exercise." Ryan gestured to the dog. "Gigi doesn't walk very fast anymore."
"That's fine." She left her garden tools in the bed and brushed a little soil off her shorts as she stood up. "I get my exercise at the gym. I thought we might talk."
Ryan wasn't sure if he was talking to his seventh-grade English teacher or to the woman he watched through the patio door. He thought he'd better talk to the teacher first. "What do teachers do in the summer?"
"Get ready for next year, mostly. I'm taking online classes for the continuing education credits. What are you doing?"
Ryan stopped when Gigi needed to sniff a shrub. "Working as a carpenter's apprentice. Maybe waiting for the semester to start." He shrugged, and they started walking again. "Maybe not."
"You would be, what, a Junior this year?" Her blond hair bounced as she walked. "What's your major?"
"Civil Engineering, if I go back. I'm not sure I'm going back. I like being a carpenter."
Amy walked with her head down before she said anything. "You know, this probably isn't the time in your life to be shutting doors or burning bridges. If you don't keep going now then it can be hard to go back."
Gigi stopped to sniff again, so they waited. "Clint did that and regretted it. He makes a good living now as a district sales manager--he sells solar electric installations--but it took a long time to get going."
"That's what Dad says, too." They stopped across the street from a small park and waited for a car to pass. "The scholarship money goes away if I don't stay."
Amy waved to an empty bench in the shade of a tree. "Let's sit and let Gigi rest. Do you and Izzy have plans?"
"Izzy and me? No. She doesn't even call me her boyfriend and I don't call her my girlfriend. She did her freshman year here, and she's transferring to State in the fall. They have a veterinary program, and we don't.
"We're together because Izzy has a list of things she wants to do before she goes, and she asked me to help." Ryan sat down on the bench and dropped Gigi's leash. There wasn't much risk that she'd run off.
Amy sat down close by Ryan's side and leaned down to scratch Gigi's neck. "What's on her list?"
Ryan wasn't talking to his seventh grade English teacher anymore. He was talking to the woman he saw through the patio door. He looked at his hands. "Sex. It's a sex list."
She laughed. "And you're the experienced lover she picked to help her with it?"
"Yeah, so maybe I wasn't a great choice. I can't do much of what's left on her list--except maybe for the anal sex, but that's been awkward. She wants to do it with a girl. She wants to be a hooker for a night."
"So, was watching us last night on her list?" Ryan's face turned red.
"How did you know that?"
"We have security cameras triggered by motion detectors. I noticed this morning that it recorded something. Before last night it only found stray cats, so I was surprised when it found you and Izzy."
"Look, I'm sorry, but we could see you on the patio from my old bedroom. You went inside, and Izzy wanted to get closer. As close as we got was still not very close."
"It looked like it worked for her." Amy turned to Ryan and kneaded his thigh with both hands. "What you saw last night is why I need to talk to you. We belong to a swingers' club. Most of us in the club have something to lose, so everything we do is very confidential.
"I'm not just your old English teacher. I've earned professional respect--national certification, awards, union standing--that I don't want to lose. The same goes for Cheryl. She's on a tenure track at the university."
Ryan watched Amy's lips as she talked and looked up to answer. "I never thought about telling anyone. I'll make sure Izzy knows." He grinned and leaned closer. "You're not going to send me to the Principal's office, are you?"
"Did I do that to you? It shouldn't need to do it again." Amy glanced around at the kids playing in the park. "I wish I'd known you were watching. Realizing it this morning was a thrill, but I could have given you more of a show." She opened the top buttons on her shirt and made sure it gaped open. "Was there anything more you wanted to see?"
Ryan talked to Amy's cleavage. "It was good for Izzy. She added three people on Izzy to her list."
"Cheryl loves that, but I usually draw the line at two."
"Two would have been good." Ryan gave into a sudden urge. He started to reach into Amy's shirt. "You could have done Clint and Pete at the same time."
Amy wrapped his hand with hers to stop him. "Just look. Don't touch. I would have liked that too, but Clint and I don't have a lot of sex anymore--his choice, not mine. I use the swingers club to get laid."
Ryan looked up and licked his lips. "You could help with Izzy's list."
"We could, but you two are so young ... I'm almost twice your age, and Clint is twelve years older than I am." She looked down to button her shirt. "I shouldn't have done that, but I like the way you look at me."
Amy stood up from the bench and pulled her phone from her back pocket. "You and Izzy are both very attractive to me. I'm tempted. What's your number? I'll send you a text. Maybe we can work something out." She smiled as Ryan picked up Gigi's leash. "If nothing else, maybe you can send me dick pics."
At first Ryan thought Ms. Bailey's dick-pics suggestion was a joke, but the more he thought about exposing himself to her, the more he liked the idea. It was Wednesday before Ryan got up the nerve to hit "send," and by then, the thought of doing it was all it took to give him a raging hard-on.
Amy answered his text with a text. "What a handsome cock you have. Two thumbs up."
* * *
Ryan liked his apartment, but his neighbors there weren't nearly as interesting as Clint and Amy, so he found himself spending more time with Gigi. He was changing her water when he heard Clint and Amy talking beside their pool. He stood to listen, and he heard Clint's voice. "She's too young. At best, I'd be taking advantage of her."
"Clint, she's young, but she's an adult. She made her own decisions about what she wants. Don't you think it would be better for her--and safer for her--if she learned from us?"
"It doesn't seem natural. Shouldn't she learn from her mistakes just like we did?"
"I'd rather have learned without the mistakes. I want to have them over for dinner, and I don't want you to make up your pig-headed mind before you talk to them."
The patio door opened and closed again, and Ryan heard a splash from the pool. He could only guess who went inside and who went into the water, but he was pretty sure that they'd been arguing about him and Izzy. He knew that for sure when Amy called to make the dinner arrangements.
"You know I've been talking with Izzy, right? Do you have Wednesday night free for dinner at our place? If we can't get together Wednesday then it won't happen until mid-month. Izzy's schedule is a puzzle--but you know that--Clint is traveling a lot, and we have a club commitment that I can't move."
Ryan put the hedge trimmers away while he listened to Amy. He used one hand to pull his tee shirt off and used it to wipe his forehead. "Anyway, we're taking Clint's whole team to the ballpark tonight for a game and the fireworks show. I'm reading in the park and trying to relax before that happens. Why don't you come see me?"
The middle of the park was noisy and crowded by families celebrating the Fourth of July, and Amy was at a shaded picnic table in a corner of the park. She closed her book and set it down, and she patted Gigi while she watched Ryan straddle the bench to face her.
"You didn't even take time to get dressed?" Amy plucked Ryan's sweaty shirt off his shoulder where he'd thrown it and laid it on the table. Her eyes traced the path of her fingers as she stroked them over his chest. "Sexy. I like this."
"Better than a dick pic?" Ryan trapped Amy's hand against his chest. "You can touch and I can't?"
"Better than a dick pic."
Amy pulled her hand away, and Ryan's eyes drifted down. Amy was wearing a sundress with a neckline that plunged between her breasts. "What's going to happen Wednesday night?" He looked up again. "I heard you and Clint arguing about it."
"We forget how close we are to your dad's house. We had those shade sails put in over the patio to block the view, but it sounds like we'll need to do more before your dad gets back."
Ryan shrugged. "Dad doesn't use the pool very much."
"Wednesday, I think I'll make sole meuniere. After that, we'll work on Izzy's list."
"It didn't sound like Clint was into it."
"I'm pretty good at getting what I want, and Izzy will be hard for him to resist." She flipped her hand and looked away. "Maybe I'm wrong, but I doubt it." She looked past Ryan's shoulder. "There weren't this many people here when I sat down."
Ryan kept his eyes up and stroked Amy's thigh. "It looks like a big family reunion." She touched his chest again, and he leaned closer. "Do you mind if I do this?" His hand slipped up her smooth thigh and under her dress. "Do you think people can see?"
"Something in me says 'stop.' Something in me wants everyone to watch you. Keep doing it." She stroked her hand up to his shoulder, and she touched his ear.
Ryan stopped without reaching all the way up Amy's skirt. "There are two women behind you--out for a walk, I guess. They're watching us." A little thrill went through Amy's shoulders.
"Why do we have to wait for Wednesday?" Ryan let his fingers move another inch, and he touched the slightly damp fabric between Amy's legs. "I want to go down on my English teacher."
"We have to wait for Wednesday so Clint can be involved. Otherwise, it's like I'm cheating."
Ryan gave Amy a frustrated sigh. "Why don't you and Clint have sex?"
Amy leaned forward so her lips were almost touching Ryan's. "It isn't like we don't haveanysex. With enough people it can be hard to tell who's doing what, you know?" Amy drew back enough to focus on Ryan's expression. "He thinks withholding sex lets him control me, and sometimes I let him think it works. The older he gets, the more he worries about control."
Ryan imagined that his fingers had found Amy's clit. He cupped his other hand around her breast and found her hardened nipple. "Are you getting turned on?"
Amy's lips curled into a smile. "I like the way you touch me." She glanced behind him again. "And there's about a dozen people with a view. That thrills me more than it should." Her fingers traced the hard bulge in Ryan's jeans. "This is pretty thrilling, too."
Gigi barked, and Ryan pulled his hand from under Amy's dress. He gave her nipple a last squeeze while he inhaled her scent from his fingers, and she smoothed her dress down. "Izzy told me she's off tonight. Do you have anything planned?"
Ryan picked up his shirt and stood with Gigi's leash in hand. "She's bringing stuff for hot dogs, and we're keeping Gigi company. Gigi's afraid of fireworks."
"That sounds domestic." Amy tugged Ryan's arm and swung her book at her side while she walked. "Do you have tomorrow off?"
"Yeah, but Izzy's working. My foreman's having a barbecue, so I'll be there after about mid-afternoon. What are you doing?"
"Tomorrow's our club commitment. It's in the afternoon, so we can have a long, relaxed tryst. I'll probably be thinking of you."
* * *
Izzy climbed out of bed early the next morning and left Ryan sleeping. He woke with a hard-on when his phone chimed with a text from Amy. "Are you going to be around for a while?"
Ryan checked the time on his phone. "Long enough to get lunch and shower. What are you doing?"
His phone rang, and Amy's voice came through. "Karl and Heidi are coming over pretty soon, and I'm getting in the mood. Why don't you go to your window? I'll show you something."
Ryan stood with his phone by his ear and looked down on the yard next door. Amy was on a lounge by the pool where the new shade sails didn't hide her. "I see you. You look hot." Amy was wearing the bikini she had on the first time he saw her, and--like Ryan--she was holding her phone to her ear.
"I am hot, and I'm getting hotter." She squeezed her tit with one hand and pulled the cup aside to bare her breast. "Do you like that?"
"Love it. Show me the other one, too?"
Amy laughed through her phone. She untied the top and dropped it beside her. She pinched her nipple and pulled.
Ryan licked his lips and stared. "You're making my mouth water."
"Touch your cock. Tell me how hard you're getting."
"Hard." He didn't need to tell her that he woke up hard. He wrapped his hand around his shaft. "Real hard."
Amy set her phone on the lounge beside her head and squeezed her tit again. She slipped her other hand under her thong, and lifted her legs apart. "Would you like to taste me?"
Ryan jerked his cock. "I want to taste all of you--your skin, your mouth, your beautiful tits, your pussy. Are you wet? Let me see your pussy."
Amy swirled her fingers under that little patch of fabric. "Drenched." She shoved the thong down and pulled it off one leg. "Do you have that handsome cock in your hand?"
Ryan wet his lips with his tongue and watched Amy's fingers on her clit. "It's in my hand, and you know this won't last long."
"Send pictures." Amy laughed and broke the connection. She kept her eyes on Ryan standing in the window, and her fingers worked faster. He watched her close her eyes. She arched her back and writhed on the lounge.
Ryan took one picture and groaned as his cum splattered on the window. He took another picture and sent them both to Amy--one of his hard cock with her in the background, and one with his cock wrapped in his fist and cum dripping from its head and off his knuckles.
* * *
Dinner was set for six and it was half-past five when Amy met Ryan and Izzy at the door. She wore high heels and a short, satin robe. Ryan realized when she squeezed her body against him that he'd already seen everything she had on.
Amy kissed Izzy's mouth, and stepped back to look at her. Izzy's hair was pinned up, and she wore a thin halter dress that did nothing to hide her form. "Clint is going to besoimpressed."
She left Ryan on the patio with Clint, and they swirled the ice in their lemonade while Clint watched Izzy through the patio door. He tipped his glass toward her as she set the dining table. "So Izzy has a list. Is she always so organized?"
"Izzy's goal-oriented. I've known her for like five years, and she's always been that way."
"I should have been more organized at her age, but I was busy having fun."
Ryan laughed into his drink. "I think 'have fun' is probably on one of Izzy's lists." He watched Clint for a moment. "It sounded like you were against us getting together. Are you OK with it now?"
Clint didn't take his eyes off Izzy when he answered. "Amy can be very persuasive." He turned to face Ryan. "And Izzy makes a good argument. I'll take her on. That makes my wife your responsibility." That was when Ryan's responsibility opened the patio door and called them to the table.
A Counting Crows tract ran in the background while they talked over dinner about food and weather, but Ryan ran out of things to say while he watched Amy. She held a bite of sole on her fork and let the buttery sauce drip. She smiled at him, placed the tender flesh on her tongue and closed her red lips around it. Amy watched Ryan's eyes drift down, and she opened her robe to show him her bare body.
Izzy put her fork down and leaned closer to Clint. "Is this how your club works? You have dinner, then how do you figure out what happens next?"
Clint's eyes traced the edge of Izzy's halter, and she straightened her back. "We usually just have drinks instead of dinner. The hostess decides how things start, and things go from there."
Ryan's plate was empty, and Amy finished her last bite. She stood, stacked his plate on hers, and looked at Clint. "Where do you want to take Izzy?"
Clint watched Izzy stand and stack his plate on hers. "I think I'll take her to the pool and help her relax."
"Then we'll take the sofa." Amy waited while Izzy stepped around the table. "That way, if you want, you can watch us through the patio door." She turned and took Izzy to the kitchen.
The music changed as Clint watched Amy and Izzy leave. He looked across the table at Ryan. "Amy told me you're in Civil Engineering."
"At school? Yeah, for now. This summer I'm working as a carpenter's apprentice. I like it, so I'm thinking of not going back to the U. If I go back, then maybe in architecture instead."
"I suppose you know what both of us have to say about staying in school." Clint drained his lemonade and set the glass down. "Where are you working?"
"I'm framing for Ideal Home out in the Sims division. You sell solar?"
"District sales manager for SynergyCom." Clint gestured to Ryan's hands. "Amy likes guys who work with their hands. Have you heard about Welmont's new subdivision?"
It sounded familiar, so Ryan nodded and Clint went on. "It's still in late planning. They want to make solar electric systems standard on all 20,000 homes they're building. The company tells me that if I can get an exclusive, then they'll give me the western US as my region."
Ryan sat back. "Wow! Would that be great?" He motioned around the house. "You're already doing great. What does that do for you?"
"We wouldn't have this without Amy's income.
"I've busted my butt for this job, and I want the payoff. For me, it'smoremoney,moreinfluence, andmorecontrol. The older I get, the more those are what I want."
Clint nodded to where Izzy and Amy talked in the kitchen. "The competition is tough, but Amy'll sweeten the deal. She did it before and it worked."
Izzy and Amy laughed on their way back to the table. Clint stood and pulled Izzy away, and Ryan slipped his hands under Amy's robe. "What were you talking about that was so funny?"
"Sex we've had and sex we don't want again." Amy let the robe slip down her arms and left it on the table. She stepped close. Ryan felt the warmth of her body and inhaled her scent while she opened his pants and explored his cock and his balls.
"Your handsome cock feels even better than it looked in your dick-pics." Amy kept her hand on Ryan's shaft and touched his chest. "Back. Back again. All the way to the sofa."
Ryan bounced on the cushion, and Amy knelt in front of him. She jerked his pants and boxers to the floor and lifted his cock. Ryan moaned when she kissed its head and her lips trailed down his veined shaft. "I thoughtIwas going down onyou."
"I have that to look forward to." Amy watched Ryan while she stroked his cock. "But I'm the hostess, and I get to pick how things start, remember?" She climbed onto the sofa to straddle Ryan's lap with his cock standing between them.
A noise from outside caught Amy's attention. She turned to look and Ryan's eyes followed hers in time to see Izzy's little dress slip to the patio, followed by her thong.
"Izzy has such a perfect body." She turned back to Ryan and they were almost nose-to-nose.
Ryan laid his head back to focus on Amy's face. "She thinks you're hot, too." He stroked Amy tits and his hands slipped to her hips. "Are you going to do her?"
"Are you going to watch?" Amy bit her lip, and her hips rocked slowly. She squeezed her breast with one hand and swirled her fingers between her legs. "I want you to watch me do your girl."
Ryan nodded his answer, and Amy rose on her knees to lift Ryan's shaft between her legs. She rubbed its head over her clit then pushed it between her wet pussy lips. He tossed his head back against the cushion, and Amy's body engulfed his aching cock.
Amy leaned on Ryan's shoulders and her hair fell around his face. "Oh God you feel good." Her lips brushed his ear. "I've been anticipating for days, and you feel even better than I imagined." She started a sinuous grind. "I hope you don't mind, but I'm not going to take very long."
The pace of Amy's grind picked up, and it matched the rhythm of the song in the background. He cupped her breasts in his hands and squeezed her nipples. He tasted her skin and inhaled her excited scent. Amy's breath against Ryan's ear grew shallow and ragged, and her grip tightened on the cushion behind his head.
Amy writhed over Ryan and her nectar trickled around his balls. He pushed himself up between her legs and stroked her body until Amy stopped and caught her breath. Her body tightened, and Ryan felt her spasms pulse around his stiff shaft.
Ryan grasped Amy's hair and pulled her head back to watch her face. She released her pent-up breath with an open-mouthed groan. Tension flowed out of Amy's body, and she collapsed in Ryan's arms.
Izzy whooped from the pool. Her arms and her legs wrapped Clint's shoulders and hips, and he carried her into the water with his hand under her butt. Amy turned to watch and laughed against Ryan's neck, but she gave a little whoop of her own when he sat up under her and laid her against the pillows at the end of the sofa.
Amy ducked against her shoulder when Ryan kissed her neck. "What are you doing?"
"You got your pick of how things started." Ryan kissed Amy's lips and slipped of the sofa to kneel between her legs. "Now it's my turn, and I'm going down on Ms. Bailey like I said I would." He kissed her nipples and trailed his lips down over her belly. He lifted her knees apart and mapped the sensitive space between her thighs first with his eyes, and then with his tongue.
Amy moaned and relaxed into the pillows, and she rested her hand on Ryan's head. Her clit was full and easy to find, and Ryan wrapped his lips around it. Behind Ryan, Clint's voice was a low murmur from the pool punctuated by Izzy's gasps and giggles. In front of Ryan, Clint's wife repeated his name. She ran her fingers through his hair and twisted in his arms.
Ryan craved Amy's excitement. He'd wanted it for days, and now his cock ached for it. Ryan watched Amy's breasts heave and listened to her incoherent gasps. He tasted her and inhaled her, and he felt the way her body tensed.
Amy bucked under Ryan's lips and tongue. He pushed his thumb into her vagina and pressed his finger into her asshole. Amy arched her back, and closed her thighs around Ryan's head when she came. He couldn't see or breathe. He could only feel her orgasm flow from under his tongue and course through her body.
Outside, Izzy laughed out loud and then caught her breath. Inside, Ryan climbed onto the sofa and sat between Amy legs. She wrapped he arms around him and stroked his still-hard cock. She kissed his mouth and laughed. "You taste like my pussy." She kissed his mouth again. "You're delicious."
They both looked up when the patio door opened, and Clint carried Izzy in from the pool. They were dripping wet. Her makeup had run down her cheeks and wet locks of hair framed her face.
Clint set Izzy on her feet in front of Ryan. He talked to Amy and motioned to Ryan's hard-on in Amy's hand. "Should we just do her right here? It looks like the easiest way."
"Ooh, everyone on Izzy," Amy untangled herself from Ryan and hunted through the table at the end of the sofa. Clint doubled Izzy over Ryan and talked over her shoulder. "You get pussy." He slapped Izzy's butt. "Ride'em cowgirl."
Amy handed Clint a tube of lube and gave Izzy a hand while she climbed over Ryan's lap. Her skin was cool and slick. She smelled of chlorine, and cold water dripped from her hair onto Ryan's chest. Izzy caught her breath and Ryan moaned as his sensitive cock filled her.
Clint stood behind Izzy and smoothed the lube around and into her asshole. He applied it to the head of his thick cock, and Izzy's eyes flew open when he pushed his cock into her. She pursed her lips, and groaned through her nose.
Ryan held Izzy's shoulders so she wouldn't slip off his cock, and Clint pushed again. He set up a slow rhythm that rocked Izzy with Ryan's shaft inside her. Amy knelt over them both and gave Izzy all of her attention. Ryan heard her whisper in Izzy's ear, and he felt Izzy yield to Amy's touch.
Even for Ryan, the sensations were confusing. He couldn't imagine how Izzy felt. She gripped his sides as her muscles tightened. Her breath and Amy's breath were hot and wet against his throat and his face. Izzy bit his cheek. She turned her head and bit Amy's lip.
Clint groaned from above them all, and he sunk his cock balls-deep into Izzy's ass. He pushed himself hard against her butt and bellowed at the ceiling as he came deep in her rectum. He pounded into her again and groaned. It didn't take very long, and that was probably a good thing for Izzy's ass.
Ryan felt Izzy's release when Clint let his cock slip out of her asshole. She lifted her head and ground her clit against Ryan while Amy's hands stroked her body. Izzy collapsed on Ryan's chest, and he pushed his cock up into her. She writhed and twitched, and moaned into Amy's ear as her climax passed.
It was quiet in the room, but for the music. They waited until Izzy held two fingers up and laughed. "Butt fuck, and everyone does Izzy. That's two off my list at the same time."
Amy untangled herself from the pile and talked to Izzy. "You and Clint need to clean up." She waited while Clint helped Izzy stand. "Ryan can help me with dessert." She watched her husband leave, then stroked Ryan's softening cock. She sniffed Izzy's scent on her fingers and smiled. "You've been my rock."
Ryan sat up beside Amy, and they stood together while a Van Morrison song played in the background. "That wasn't how I expected things to work out." He followed her to the dining table where she slipped back into her satin robe. "How long do I have to wait?"
"Wait for what?" She asked, but she knew the answer. "After you watch me do Izzy then you can have your way with me." Amy led Ryan to the kitchen, opened a cabinet and pointed up. "Would you get four sherbet bowls?"
Amy found a carton of lime sherbet in the freezer and a scoop in the drawer and handed them both to Ryan. "I'll let you dish out. The sherbet's a little stiff for my wrists." She stood close and her presence tickled Ryan's senses. "Anticipating always gets me hot."
They each carried two bowls to the table and Amy went back for spoons. Clint was waiting when she got back. She settled on her husbands lap and offered him a bite of sherbet. Clint took the bowl and the spoon out of her hands. "I'll feed myself."
Izzy came from the shower with a towel around her shoulders. She took the chair beside Ryan and picked up the sherbet bowl, and they both watched Amy climb off Clint's lap and kneel between his legs.
Amy watched Clint's face while she stroked his cock. "But you can't give yourself a blowjob, can you?" She bent over Clint's lap to suck his soft cock.
Clint pushed her away. "I'll tell you when I want a blowjob."
Amy glared at Clint and sighed. "Why do I even bother anymore?" She pulled her chair and her bowl close to Izzy, picked up her spoon, and gestured with it. "You and I are going to get another act off your list, and the boys are going to watch. Sit up on the table where they can see."
Izzy boosted herself onto the edge of the table and finished her sherbet while Amy tugged the towel off her shoulders and left her naked. Amy seemed fascinated by Izzy's breasts, and especially by her nipples. She touched them and squeezed them and Izzy pushed back against her touch. "You like my tits?"
"They're beautiful. From the way they're hardening, they must be sensitive, too." Amy picked up her sherbet bowl and tipped it until a stream of melting sherbet trickled onto Izzy's nipple.
Izzy shivered. "God, that's cold!"
"Oh?" Amy let sherbet trickle onto Izzy's other nipple and watched her flinch. "Then I'll warm you up." She set her sherbet out of the way and her robe fell to the floor. Amy pulled Izzy's head back with a grip on her hair, and she closed her mouth over her sherbet-coated tit.
Amy sucked sherbet off one of Izzy's tits, and she licked it off the other while Ryan stood by the table with his hard-on in hand. Amy laid Izzy down on the tabletop then ran her hand down her firm belly and between her legs as she climbed over her.
Clint had seen it all before, but the porn that Izzy liked was the only place Ryan had seen two women having sex. His cock ached while he watched the women's naked bodies writhe in an excited tangle of arms and legs.
Amy knew what she was doing, but Izzy was experimenting, and it wasn't long before Izzy could only react. She let Amy's clit slip from under her tongue and seemed to watch Ryan for a moment. Her eyes squeezed shut and her mouth fell open. Her toes and her fingers curled, and she gasped between Amy's thighs while she came.
Izzy caught her breath for a moment with her head pillowed on Amy's thigh, then she laughed and held up three fingers. "Girl-on-girl makes three off my list."
That was more important to Izzy than it was to Clint. She squawked when he pulled her from between his wife's legs, and Amy relaxed onto her back while her husband turned Izzy belly-down on the edge of the table.
Amy picked her feet up and wrapped her legs around Ryan's hips. She pulled him closer and reached between them to stroke his hard-on with both hands. "This is where you take what you want. Can I guess what that is?" She pushed him back until she could get his cock between her legs.
Ryan worked the head of his cock into Amy's wet cunt and looked up. "You guessed right." He filled Amy's vagina in one deep thrust. She close her eyes, and her mouth flew open.
Amy's voice joined the rhythmic sounds that escaped Izzy's nose. The table rocked under them, and Ryan wrapped his arms around Amy's thighs to keep her from slipping away while he pounded into her.
The sensations from Ryan's cock inside Clint's wife gripped his mind and didn't let him go. He closed his eyes, grunted and gasped for breath, and he slapped his hips between her thighs. He'd been her rock for too long to hold back, but he slowed for a moment to catch his breath, and he looked at the way her pussy stretch around his veined shaft.
That was it for Ryan. He was past the point of no return. He slammed himself into Amy and clenched his teeth. His thrusts came harder and faster until he stopped with his balls squeezed against her taint. His hot essence erupted inside Amy--again, and then again until he dropped her thighs and caught himself from collapsing on top of her.
Clint's loud moan made them both turn to watch. Izzy gasped and tried to grip the table, and Clint slammed hard against her butt. He grunted and gasped at the ceiling as he filled Izzy with his cum, and then he stepped back to watch his cream seeping from her pussy.
Izzy looked at Ryan and held up one finger. "There's just one thing left on my list."
* * *
Ryan pulled into his dad's driveway on Saturday night with a new bag of dog food in the back of his truck. He climbed out of the cab and heard Amy's voice from across their yard. "Ryan! Can you give a girl a hand?"
He found Amy naked in front of her house, cuffed and shackled to a lamp pole. She was mostly hidden from the street by walls and shrubs.
"Are you OK?" She didn't seem to be cut or bruised, but it was hard to tell by the light from over her head.
"The mosquitos are bothering me." Ryan started to unhook the chains from Amy's cuffs, but she twisted her wrists away. "Are you sure you want to do that right now?"
Ryan stepped around the pole and watched Amy's expression. "How'd this happen?"
"I told Clint that I didn't want my ass to be the sugar that sweetened his big deal, and he put me here to think about it. This is pretty risky exposure, but I didn't have a choice."
Amy yanked at her chains. "You know, some guys finding a naked, helpless woman might take advantage of her. I guess you aren't one of those guys. I'm not sure whether I should feel safe because of that, or maybe a little disappointed."
Ryan glanced at the security camera under the eve of the house. "I wouldn't want to disappoint you." He stepped close and cupped Amy's tits in his hands. "Is this some kind of advanced marriage game?" He stroked his hands down her sides to the curve of her hips. "You're hot."
She offered her lips and her tongue, and Ryan took them. Her lips were soft, and her tongue was welcoming. He broke the kiss with his cock hardening in his shorts. "You're really hot."
Ryan pushed his lips under Amy's jaw to kiss her throat. "Have you thought about closing Clint's deal?" She ducked her chin to push Ryan away. "Have you changed your mind?"
"I'm not going to argue with Clint. If it's this important to him, then I'll do it, but I might have a better idea."
Ryan touched the soft flesh between Amy's legs. "People can see us. Do you want them to watch?" He used one hand to push his cargo shorts and his boxers to the lawn, and he stroked his hard cock. "Is that why you're already wet?"
"I think it's exciting. Don't you?" She glanced down at his cock. "Youlookexcited."
Amy laughed in Ryan's ear while he lifted her off the ground with his hands under her thighs. He heaved her high enough to get his cock under her, and her chains dragged along the pole. He used his fingertips to work the head of his cock between her pussy lips, and Amy caught her breath when his cock thrust up into her.
Ryan lifted Amy and let her settle on his cock again. "I can't hold you up like this for very long." He thrust into her and bumped her back against the pole.
Amy gasped and her voice rasped. "I bet you can hold me up long enough to take what you want."
The chains clanked in Ryan's rhythm as he banged Amy against the lamp post. He kissed her face, and she tipped her head back to let him kiss her mouth. She groaned around his tongue and his ragged breath burned on her cheek.
Ryan had to break their kiss so he could breathe. He gasped for air, and Amy ducked against his chest. His hips rocked between her thighs, and he rammed his shaft up into her helpless cunt until he couldn't go on.
The head of Ryan's cock was deep inside Amy when he stopped. Every spasm that gripped his body slammed her against the pole and sent his hot essence coursing through his shaft. He pumped himself into her until he was empty and held her for a moment while his cock softened and slipped out of her.
Amy tipped her head back to look at Ryan as his body relaxed. "Now I'm not disappointed, and that should give Clint something to think about. Can you let me down and unhook these things?"
Ryan lowered Amy to the ground and pulled his pants up. He knelt behind her to unhook the chain from her cuffs and then her shackles and noticed that his cum was trickling down her thighs. "You're going to tell Clint about this?"
"I don't need to tell him. We're on the security cam. If he wasn't watching us, then he'll watch it soon enough." Amy stripped off the cuffs and shackles and dropped them on the lawn, and she wrapped herself in her arms as if she were cold. "I don't want to go back to Clint right now or even stay close by. Is there somewhere we can go?"
"With you naked?" Ryan pulled his tee-shirt over his head and handed it to Amy. "It's big. It should cover you." He thought for a moment. "We could get coffee or something from a drive-up and then park somewhere out-of-the-way."
Amy laughed. "I've never parked with a guy to drink coffee, but sure." She pulled Ryan's tee-shirt over her head and sniffed his scent from the collar. She smiled and touched his pumped muscles--first his biceps, and then she stroked her hand over his bare chest. "I'm impressed."
"I might be pretty stiff tomorrow." Ryan tucked his hand around Amy's elbow and looked around the neighborhood while he walked her to his truck. "It looks like no-one saw us."
Amy shrugged. "That's for the best. I really only needed Clint to see it." She motioned to her used pussy. "I hope you have napkins or tissues in your truck."
Ryan opened the passenger door, leaned across the seat, and handed Amy a handful of napkins from the center console. He walked around the truck while she wiped him off her thighs, and then Amy stopped him before he backed out of the driveway.
"Find a place on the other side of Jefferson Street. That's the school boundary. I don't want my students to find me wearing nothing but your tee-shirt."
They talked about coffee until Ryan turned the truck off under the lights at the edge of a grocery store parking lot. Amy opened her window, leaned back into the corner of her seat and watched him over her latte. "I haven't seen much of you since Wednesday. Have you talked to Izzy?"
Ryan held his coffee on his lap. "I've been coming and going. Poor Gigi's not getting much attention. Thursday was practically a lost day, and I worked long on Friday to make up for it. Now I'm finally over it.
"I called Izzy this afternoon to see if she wanted to get together. She sounded distracted, like she was probably watching porn and not very interested in me."
Amy laughed into her latte and set it into a cup holder. "Are you going to help her with the end of her list?"
"Prostitute for a night? No. I'm not going to pimp her out to guys at work, and that's what she wanted me to do."
"She should talk to Clint." Amy shifted in her seat and smoothed the shirt over her breasts. The parking lot lights showed her pussy peeking under the bottom of the shirt. Her nipples thrust against the fabric. It was enough to make Ryan lick his lips.
He used his cup to gesture toward her tits. "Is it cold in here?"
"I'm comfortable. I was thinking about how you did me, and it's exciting." She pinched her nipple through the shirt. "If you had a chance, would you do me again?"
"Right now? Hell yeah." Ryan almost spilled his coffee before he got it into the cup holder, but Amy stopped him when he started to climb over the console.
"Not right now, and maybe not without Izzy. Clint needs to be involved or it's like I'm cheating."
Ryan dropped back into his seat and found his coffee again. "He didn't seem very involved tonight."
"As far as I'm concerned, Clint was totally involved. He put me there. We were lucky it was you who found me instead of some old lady who'd call the police. Now he has the video to keep him busy, and he's still involved."
Amy picked up her latte again and moved to give Ryan a better view between her legs. "He told you about Welmont, right? That's all wrapping up. He's planning a party for next Saturday--probably at the Sheraton or something. I don't want it at our place.
"His team will be there, and the team from Welmont, including whoever it is that makes the decision. The proposal will be done, but no contracts signed yet. His idea was to tell the guy from Welmont, 'Give me a signature, and you can have my wife.'"
"Clint said you've done it before."
"I have, and it worked. That was kind of flattering in an odd way, but this is a bigger deal. This time we didn't talk about it. He didn't ask. He told me I was doing it, and I got mad. I deserve better than that."
Amy turned her head to watch a car drive by. "I think he should hire Izzy for the job. She'd get to be meat for a night, and the Welmont people might go for 'young and hot' more than 'mature and experienced.'" She shrugged. "Maybe I'd hang around to give them a choice.
"I'm going to talk to Izzy before I suggest it to Clint, but I bet she'll go for it. They just need to settle on a price."
Ryan swirled the last of his coffee. "What do you do next?"
"If you're done watching my little peep show, then you can take me back home, and I'll deal with my husband."
* * *
The next afternoon was hot. The sky was like a big blue bowl overhead with hardly a cloud. Gigi laid her head on her paws and sighed, and Ryan's stiff arms and his chest complained while he netted trash out of his dad's pool. He heard a voice from next door and gave in to the temptation to listen.
Clint sounded angry. "That isn't going to happen. I already called it off. How can you be so needy?"
"I made the appointment with Cheryl and Pete for us, not for me. I want to go back to the way we used to be. I want to have sex with my husband, and I thought maybe it would be easier in a group than just you and me facing each other."
"We can't go back. I don't have time for it now, and sex isn't my big goal anymore. I've been thinking about quitting the club."
It was Amy's turn to sound angry. "How could you do that to me? You know the club is about my only outlet. If you quit, then you'll leave me high and dry."
Ryan had to listen close to hear Clint, because he hissed his answer. "You're forgetting about Ryan. Remember last night? Remember Wednesday and Izzy?"
Amy didn't say anything right away, and Ryan started back to work before Clint went on. His voice had softened. "You and Ryan get along. Why don't you swing with him?"
"What? Are you serious? Look at you! You're serious! I like Ryan, but he's young, andhe'snot my husband."
"I'm out of here early in the morning, and I won't be back until late Thursday. Think about what you're going to do."
Ryan heard the patio door close and water splashed in the pool. This time he guessed that it was Clint who walked away, and Amy who cooled off. He clapped his hands for the dog. "Come on Gigi, let's go for a walk."
Each day seemed hotter than the last. When Ryan got off work on Monday, he drove to his dad's house, left his clothes by the pool, and dove into the cool water. It was a shock, but it was what he needed. He floated in the sunlight and watched puffy little clouds pass far overhead. When he felt normal again, he stroked to where he'd left his clothes and found a message on his phone.
It was from Amy. "You're here early. Are you alone? I need to talk."
"I'm alone, but I'm in my birthday suit right now." He probably didn't need to ask what she wanted to talk about.
Amy opened the back gate between their yards, and Ryan stayed in the water while she walked around the pool. "You're dressed up. Are you coming from somewhere or going?"
"Going." Amy looked around and sat down at a shaded table by the pool. "I have a dinner date with some friends from the swing club." She made a broad motion to the pool area. "Nice setup."
"Dad hardly uses it. I cleaned it, and it looks a little better than usual."
"I thought you were here. Gigi has little noises she makes when you're here and not paying enough attention to her. I heard her sigh.
"I talked to Izzy today and floated the idea of her working Clint's party. She loved it, but from her it sounds like you guys are history."
"I think we probably are. There's one thing on her list, and I'm not helping." Ryan stroked toward Amy and crossed his arms on the poolside. "I'll miss the sex."
Amy shifted in her seat. "Did you overhear us yesterday when we were arguing on the patio?"
"About leaving the swing club? Yes. It sounds like Clint wants more of a lot of things, and I'm surprised what he might give up to get them."
Amy flipped her hand. "I used to be important to him, and now I don't know where I stand. If you heard, then you can guess what I need to talk about. This is a hypothetical question; what would you say if I asked you to be my partner in our swing club?"
Ryan pulled himself out of the pool and let the water stream off his skin. "You know I'd do you just about any time, right? We cleared that up on Saturday." He found a towel in the cabinet by the patio door and Amy watched him dry off. "But if I were your partner, wouldn't that mean I'm doing all theotherwomen while you do theothermen? That's different."
"That's probably not all it means. I'll figure it out."Amy's eyes traced Ryan's body. "Some women in the club would be happy to have you in the group. Some will think you're too young." She reached into her pocket and came up with her cell phone. "Stay like that, and I'll take a picture to dinner."
Amy didn't have more to say that night. The next morning started out hot, but it didn't stay that way. A wall of thunderstorms blew over Ryan's work site in mid-afternoon. It sent the crew to shelter, and his foreman sent them home.
Ryan's phone alerted while he was driving. He picked it up at the next stoplight and found a message from Amy. "Can we talk? I need to talk."
The light changed, and Ryan was at his apartment before he answered. "I need to clean up and walk Gigi. Do you want to walk and talk, or talk after dinner?"
"I can feed you. Take care of Gigi and come see me."
Amy was cleaning the grill on the patio, and steaks waited on the table when Ryan got there. She waved her grill brush to tell Ryan to sit. "There were five women at dinner last night, plus me. Three of them were pretty eager to get their hands on you, and two thought you were too young. How do you like your steak?"
"Medium rare--still a little red in the middle. Does a majority rule?"
"That's how I like mine, and no, the majority doesn't rule. I learned that there's an unwritten bylaw in the club--most of the bylaws are unwritten--that your partner in the club is also your partner outside the club."
Amy threw the steaks on the grill, stepped back from the flare, and closed the top. "Giving your partner to someone else, and taking someone's partner are part of the thrill." She opened the grill long enough to turn the steaks so the grill marks crossed. "There's also a thing about safety. We're more confident of partners."
Ryan sat back in his chair. "I'm starting to feel like we won't be swinging together." He wasn't sure if that was bad. "We're not partners, but we could work on it." Amy laughed and laid plates out on the table. "What does it take to make us partners?"
"I don't know for sure, but we aren't there. We've known each other for less that three weeks, and we've had sex twice. I'm pretty sure the relationship needs to go on long enough to trust."
Amy opened the grill and flipped the steaks. "We can work on it. I feel like Clint agreed to that when he came up with the idea, but I want to make sure he understands. He hasn't returned my call yet, so we haven't talked.
"Clintdidtalk to Izzy today. She called me. He offered her five hundred for Saturday night, and she took it, so now I'm 'Plan B,' and I want to write Izzy off as a business-related party supply." Amy opened the grill and turned the steaks. "What are you doing Saturday night? I might need a backup plan."
"I haven't thought that far ahead. I guess that can be my plan. Are you setting up the whole party?"
Amy laid-out steak knives, gave the salad a toss, and set the steaks off the heat. "Almost ready. Clint's secretary is planning the party. I just have to be there.
"There's another angle with the club, and I have to talk to Clint about that, too." She picked up Ryan's plate and loaded it with a steak. "That needs to rest for a few minutes, and I still need to talk.
"Sometimes stand-ins are OK as long as everybody agrees. So, if I set up a get-together and Clint couldn't make it for some reason, then you could stand in for him as long as everyone--especially Clint--agrees."
Ryan served salad for both of them. "It sounds like that might be twisting the rules a little."
Amy shrugged and cut into her steak. "Mine's perfect. How's yours? Anyway, I'll talk to Clint. I should know tomorrow." She cut a bite and held it up to let the red juice drip. "Do you want to set tomorrow night aside in case we have something to celebrate?"
Ryan figured they probably weren't celebrating when he pulled into his dad's driveway the next day and found Amy deadheading her roses. He ignored Gigi's bark and met Amy over the hedge. "You don't look like it's time to party."
Amy looked down at her shirt and shorts before she realized what he meant. "No, it's party time. We need to practice a lot to convince the club that we're partners, and that can start tonight.
"Clint agreed with anything we need to do." She waved her pruners. "I'm a little disappointed in my husband. I thought he'd put up some resistance and make me feel like he cared, but he didn't."
Gigi barked again and Ryan caught a glimpse of color down Amy's shirt as she pointed back to the roses. "Give me a little time to pick up here, and I'll walk with you."
"Cool. I was going to drive Gigi over to Union Park and give her an adventure." He cocked his head and tried to see down Amy's shirt. "What do you have under there?"
Amy tugged the front of her shirt out so Ryan could see. "A new bikini. I was going to wait for you by the pool. I couldn't be still, so I threw on the shirt and shorts and came out here."
Union Park was a short drive away, but it was outside the JFK school boundary, and that made Amy more comfortable. Ryan pulled up at the curb on a shady street, and they walked the path around the park slowly so Gigi could take in all the new smells. Ryan motioned to the park. "There aren't very many people here, but it's like they're all at this end of the park."
"The playground and the best shade are at this end." Amy slipped her hand down Ryan's arm and knotted her fingers with his. "I like your hands. They're big and rough." She untangled their fingers and ran her hand back up his arm. "I like men who work with their hands, but not if that's what defines them. We won't be partners long if you don't challenge yourself. I don't want you to drop out of school."
Ryan stopped to let Gigi sniff a tree and watched the way Amy's blond hair swung above her shoulders. "I like carpentry, but I decided to keep that as a summer job." Gigi pulled on the leash and they started walking again. "But I'm not staying in Engineering. I don't even like Engineering students. Maybe a switch to architecture will work out for both of us."
They took their time to circle the park, and Amy stopped Ryan before he got into the truck. "Do you have a blanket in your emergency kit--something we can spread on the grass? It's nice here, and the people are more spread out."
Ryan hunted behind the passenger seat and found a blanket that Amy spread in the sun. He sat down, told Gigi to lay, and Amy stretched out in front of him. His eyes traced up her legs. "What are we doing tonight? Gigi and I both need dinner pretty soon."
"It's Bastille Day. Maybe we should have something French to celebrate."
"French fries? I can afford french fries." Ryan gave into an urge and opened the top button on Amy's shirt.
"It'll be my treat." Amy watched Ryan open the second button. "Whatareyou doing?"
"I want to see your new bikini. It's made to be seen, right?"
"So you're going to undress me in the middle of the park?" Amy lifted her head to look around, but the closest witness was behind her and thirty yards away. She didn't stop Ryan, and he didn't stop when he got to the last button. He unsnapped her shorts and pulled the zipper down.
Ryan laid Amy's shirt open. "If you'd waited by the pool in this, then I wouldn't have wanted to leave." He ran his fingertips over the red fabric, found Amy's nipple, and then slipped his hand into her shorts. "The guy behind you is watching us, but he probably can't see much."
A thrill ran through Amy's shoulders. She lifted her leg and let Ryan explore for a moment before she stopped him. "I'm getting turned on." She left her shorts unzipped and unbuttoned, and sat up in front of Ryan while he sniffed her scent on his fingers.
Amy stroked her hand over the front of his jeans. "You know, it's Bastille Day in France, but it's National Nude Day here. Maybe we should celebrate that, too." She pulled her hand back. "Show us your cock."
"What? Here?" Ryan looked around. A girl ran the path around the park. The man who'd watched him undress Amy had gone back to his reading, so he opened his jeans and his boxers then leaned back on his hands and left his shaft on his belly.
Amy pulled her cellphone out of her hip pocket. Ryan laughed at her while she snapped one picture after another as his cock stiffened. She put her phone away with his cock standing up between them.
"You like showing off." Amy touched the tip of Ryan's cock and ran her fingertip over its smooth head. She looked up past Ryan's shoulder and smothered a laugh. "The runner got a good look. She probably didn't like it as much as I do."
Gigi sighed. She was tired of her adventure, she was hungry, and she wanted to go home. Ryan put his cock away, and Amy scratched Gigi's ear. "I need to change, and then we can get dinner. I'll leave the patio door open. Come in when you're ready to go."
Ryan found Amy in the kitchen when he was ready, and he backed her against the counter. "I like this." He stroked her bare midriff and settled his hands on the waistband of her long, flowered skirt. "Is this a swimsuit top?" Her breasts bulged over a brightly patterned bra.
"It's conservative enough for a faculty party, and it closes in front." She demonstrated by releasing the hook between the cups and holding the bra open.
Amy laughed at the grin on Ryan's face. He cupped her breasts in both hands, and she tipped her mouth up when he bent over her. Ryan kissed Amy's lips, and she tipped her head to the side. Her tongue was soft and welcoming; his was firm and insistent.
Ryan lost himself for a moment in Amy's taste and the way her breath brushed his cheek. He explored her mouth--deep along the side of her tongue and softly over its top--and she yielded to him; she made his mouth water.
Their kiss was slow and gentle at first then Ryan cupped a hand behind Amy's head and tipped her back. His breath came shallow and ragged. Her mouth was hot and hungry for him until she turned her head away.
Amy watched Ryan while she wiped her mouth with the back of her hand. "You know what I want? I want to save some of that until we're where people can watch us do it."
Ryan had to catch his breath. He watched Amy hook the front of her bra and stepped back. "Where are we going for dinner?"
"My friend Heidi has a shop downtown. She and some of her neighbors are having a little promotion for Bastille Day--flying little French flags, sales on everything French, and food trucks on the street. I didn't know we had a food truck that sells just French food, but we do. Pastry trucks, too."
Amy directed Ryan to a parking spot in the mural-lined alley behind Heidi's store. He backed his truck in and left it running for the air conditioning while he watched people walk to and from their parked cars.
"We have people here to watch," Ryan said, and Amy laughed when he locked his door and climbed across the truck to reach her. "Lets start about where we left off."
Ryan lifted Amy's long skirt and ran his hand up her leg. He stopped with his fingers stroking the fabric over her pussy. "Do you have to keep the underwear? I want you to be more naked."
Amy glanced around. A couple about her age had stopped to watch. "I think they want to make sure you aren't assaulting me." Ryan pulled her thong down, and she lifted her knees to help him pull it over her feet.
"You seem pretty willing." Amy waved to them and another couple stopped closer than the first. Ryan held Amy's thong up for them to see, and Amy laughed. "Show them your tit," Ryan said, "just one."
The woman closest to them covered her mouth when Amy unhooked her top and flashed one tit. Then she covered her husband's eyes and laughed.
Ryan caressed Amy bare breast. He kissed her lips and her throat until she ducked against his neck. "They took a picture. I thought probably people wandering downtown wouldn't know me, but I hadn't thought they might take pictures."
Amy covered her breast and Ryan waited until both couples turned away. He held Amy's thong under his nose and sniffed. It smelled of fresh Amy. "Where are we going?"
"To buy a mask." Amy straightened her skirt and found her phone in the pocket. "I'll text Heidi and see if she can let us in the back door." She tapped "send" and held the phone in her lap. "Heidi was at our dinner Monday. She was one of the women who wanted to get her legs around you."
A door opened behind them and Amy waved to the woman who was there to let them in. Amy and Heidi air-kissed when they met, and Heidi led them into the cool shop.
It was an eclectic boutique. Ryan wandered the aisles while Amy and Heidi talked, and Amy's voice came over a rack of socks for hipster. "You had masks for Fat Tuesday. Do you still have some?"
"I put them away after Mardi Gras. Who's going to buy them now?" Heidi walked around the counter, opened a cabinet, and set a box of loose masks in front of Amy.
Ryan flipped through the hand-made greeting cards and looked when Amy held up a purple feathered mask. "This is perfect!"
Heidi laughed. "Perfect for what? What are you doing?"
"While you're celebrating Bastille Day, we're celebrating National Nude Day in our own little exhibitionist way. The mask is in case someone wants to take pictures of our festivities."
"You're showing off?" Heidi covered her mouth and laughed. "Are you getting kinkier?"
Ryan slipped his arm around Amy's waist and pulled her hip against his. "We came for dinner didn't we? I'm starving." Maybe he exaggerated, but he was hungry.
Amy sent Ryan outside while she paid for her mask, and she carried it to where Ryan puzzled over the menu beside the order window. "Quiche is about the only thing here I recognize, and I don't want Quiche."
"Then I'll order." Amy bought Bouillabaisse for both of them, and they waited for their order at a picnic table on the sidewalk where little French flags fluttered on lines overhead.
They weren't there long at all when a woman called from the pickup window. "Fifty-four! Fifty-four is up."
Amy showed Ryan the fifty-four on their ticket, and he dragged his legs from under the table. He picked up their order then turned with his hands full and found two guys watching Amy from the next table.
Ryan set dinner in front of Amy and settled beside her again. "Do you know those guys watching you?"
"No, but I think they're having fun."
"Let's give them a show." Ryan rested his hand on Amy's thigh and pulled her skirt up, and the guys at the next table nudged each other. He touched bare skin inside her knee and ran his fingers up her leg.
Amy poked through her bowl and talked without looking up. "That's a little thrill." Ryan touched her bare pussy before he pulled his hand from between her legs. She let the guys get a good look then pushed her skirt down again.
They laughed and scrambled up from the table. Ryan watched them leave, and Amy nudged his shoulder. "I thought you were starving."
"I am, but I'm not sure what this is." He picked at the Bouillabaisse until hunger got the best of caution. Amy finished hers first. She looked around and stroked his thigh until he finished it.
Ryan stacked his bowl on Amy's and stood. "I don't come downtown very much. Can you show me around?"
"I'll give you a tour of the block. That's most of what I know." The tour started at the trash can.
First there was a jewelry store. "It's not Tiffany," Amy said. "But they have sex toys in the back. We could stop and get you a cock ring."
Ryan didn't stop. "Would that be for you or for me?"
"We might both enjoy it." Next came a bakery. "Some people think their clairs are better than sex."
"Probably not you though, right?"
"Right." Then there was a gallery. "They have a deck on the roof. I went to a reception there once--a political thing."
Ryan tipped his head back to look. "It wouldn't be very private. It has apartments on both sides."
"Privacy might be overrated." They stopped at a candy shop. "They have a back room with adult candies--for bachelorette parties and anniversaries, I guess."
The sun dropped behind the buildings while they went from store to store, and that left the street in shadows. Signs and streetlamps lit, and food trucks closed their windows.
Ryan sidestepped a man huddled on the curb. "There aren't as many people around." He watched a girl who stood in platform shoes outside a bar a few doors down. "And the bars are starting to rock."
Amy stopped Ryan in front of a hat shop where they were partly hidden by a jog in the wall. "Are people close enough to see what I'm doing?" She opened his belt and unsnapped his jeans.
"Yeah, and they're looking. Maybe you should put your mask on."
Amy stopped and tied the mask's ribbons behind her head, and Ryan watched people over her shoulder. He held his pants up with one hand and unzipped them with the other. Amy stepped close and pushed her hands into his boxers.
The feathers on Amy's mask tickled Ryan's face when he kissed her mouth. She held his balls in one hand and took his hard-on out of his pants for people to see. He cupped her breasts, and she leaned into his hands.
"People are still watching," Ryan said, "and your nipples are hard. Are you wet for me, too?"
"Everything between my legs tingles." Amy backed away and let go of Ryan's cock. She turned around in front of him while Ryan closed his pants. "Heidi's locking up. Let's go see her." She took Ryan's hand and pulled him across the street, and Heidi locked the door behind them.
Heidi held up a glass of white wine. "I was just finishing up my Bastille Day celebration with a little Bordeaux. Can I get you some?"
Amy was a little breathless. "That would be good, but I have a favor to ask. Can we use your window forourcelebration? We'll need to move things to make room, but we'll move them back."
"Suit yourself, sweetheart." Heidi laughed. "You look good in that mask."
Ryan wasn't sure what Amy intended when she pointed to a rack of French cookware. "Move that, and we can both fit in that space. Be careful. It's expensive." He moved it, and Amy pulled him onto the space where the rack had been.
Amy knelt in her long skirt in front of Ryan, glanced at the window and looked up at him. "I'm going to suck your handsome cock." She opened his belt, unsnapped his jeans, and opened his fly. Ryan's hard-on stood up for her as soon as she jerked his jeans and boxers down.
Ryan held his shirt up and watched Amy until she closed her mouth around the head of his cock, and then he looked at the people who were already gathering outside. She gripped his hips for balance, and her tongue traced around the head of his cock before she let it slide in over her tongue, and slowly out again.
There were murmurs from outside the window while Amy set a rhythm. She took the head of Ryan's cock into her mouth quickly and let it out again slowly while she used her tongue to toy with him. Again, but faster, and faster again until he could feel her hair swinging against him each time she took him in.
Amy found a pace that made Ryan's shaft tingle and burn. He touched his hand to her hair and tipped his head back. He caught his breath, and Amy grunted through her nose while he shot his thick cream into her mouth.
Ryan struggled to keep his knees from buckling then took a half-step back. Amy let his cock slip out of her mouth and wiped her lips with her fingertips. She swallowed Ryan, pulled his pants up so he could reach them, and stepped out of the lighted display into the dark room behind it.
A big, bald man pounded on Heidi's door. "Next! I'm first in line!" That made Amy laugh. She took the glass of wine that Heidi offered and rinsed her mouth while Ryan put the cookware back where it came from.
Heidi looked at a light flashing over her door. "I didn't expect a riot. He triggered the security alarm. They don't take any time to reach alarms downtown. Do you want to stay?"
Amy shook her head and pulled Ryan out the back door and into the lamp light in the alley. She started for the truck, but Ryan tugged her away. "I want to check something." He pointed to one door then another. "The jeweler. The bakery." He stopped at the third door. "This should be the gallery."
There was a hand-written sign on the door that Ryan could barely read in the dim light. "Alex, we're in apartment B." He pushed on the door and it swung open. The tenant who expected Alex had taped the latch.
Amy laughed. "Security here is a little loose." They climbed one flight of stairs to the lofts where music came from apartment B, and another flight of stairs to the roof.
The deck was lit just by light that spilled from four stories of apartments that overlooked it. Ryan felt around inside the door while Amy crossed the deck to look down on the scene in front of Heidi's store. He found one switch that lit the stairwell and another that turned on the lights strung over the deck.
"The lights aren't very bright." Ryan stopped behind Amy and rested his hands on her hips. "But they're bright enough to see and to be seen." He tried to see what she was watching. There were private security cars on the street with their lights flashing, and people walking away in couples and small groups.
Amy leaned back against Ryan. He kissed her neck and inhaled the scent that rose from her shoulders. Amy turned in his arms. "What do you have in mind?"
"Sex? The most important thing on my mind is between your legs."
Amy stifled a laugh and looked past Ryan. "The tenants must tan up here. We have our pick of lounges." She motioned to the apartments on both sides. "And an audience just waiting for the show to start."
Ryan laid Amy down on the closest lounge. He leaned over between her legs to kiss her lips and her throat, and her mask tickled his face. He unhooked her bra and laid it open then kissed her bare breasts and sucked her nipples until they hardened under his tongue.
A window opened, and faint aromas of someone's dinner drifted across the deck. Ryan looked up to find the open window a story above them. He sat back on his haunches and Amy smiled while he caressed her tits with both hands. "That feels good," she said. "I'm sensitive tonight."
Ryan pushed Amy's long skirt up, and she spread her legs around him. Even under the dim light on the deck, he could see Amy's bare pussy glistening with excitement.
A Mexican love song drifted through a window somewhere behind Ryan. Someone could be watching from any of the windows or from all of them, and he wanted them to see. He slipped off the lounge and lifted Amy's knees to tip her pussy up.
Amy caught her breath and arched her back when Ryan buried his face between her thighs. Her scent and her flavor were strong from her excitement and the heat of the day. Ryan thrust his tongue into her vagina and lapped up her thick juice. He sucked her pussy lips, and he followed them with his tongue to find her hard clit.
There were the sounds of a television show, and then laughter. Ryan closed his mouth around Amy's soft mound and explored her deep creases with his tongue, and someone above her asked, "Where do you people come from? Get a room!"
Amy writhed under Ryan, and she bucked in his arms. He fed on her excitement, and their exposure made his cock ache. He flicked his tongue over her trigger, and someone from the building behind him said, "Hey! Leave'em alone. It's a free country."
Ryan closed his mouth around Amy's clit, and he drew her through his lips. He felt her body tighten, and she twisted in his grip. A woman laughed, "I want that! Why don't you do that?"
Amy gripped the sides of the lounge and pushed herself back against Ryan's mouth. She clenched her teeth as she came, and she screamed into the night sky.
The voice above Amy said, "That's it. I'm calling the cops." Ryan let Amy's pussy slip between his lips as her spasms passed. He relaxed against her thigh and listened to the arguments overhead.
Ryan caught his breath and climbed up between Amy's legs. "I wanted to do you right here, right now, and feel you come again, but I think we'd better go. We might start another riot."
Amy stood as Ryan climbed off her, and she pulled him to the stairway. Ryan flicked off the lights on the deck and when they reached the bottom of the stairs he flicked off the lights in the stairwell. They left the door unlatched for Alex, and Ryan pulled Amy to his truck.
Ryan didn't wait for Amy to buckle in or even hook her bra before he pulled out and left the alley behind. Amy leaned back into the corner and touched herself. "We aren't going very far, are we? We could just do it in the truck."
"My place is close." Tires squealed around a corner, and Ryan glanced at Amy. He could hear wet sounds from Amy's fingers between her legs, and he unzipped his jeans to release the tension over his hard-on.
Ryan sped through a light as it changed to red. He dodged a slow-moving bus, turned into the dark student ghetto, and slammed his truck to a stop in front of his apartment building. He directed Amy up the stairs and chased her to his door, through his kitchen, and to his bed.
Amy struggled to pull Ryan's shirt off. "I want to touch your skin--all of your skin." Ryan tossed her mask, unbuttoned the waistband of her skirt, and let it fall. He shoved his tongue into Amy's mouth while she pushed his jeans down, and he put her down on the mattress.
They were both too excited to even slow down. The bed squeaked as Ryan climbed between Amy's legs with his hard shaft in his hand. He covered her mouth with his and thrust his cock into her, and she groaned around his lips while he joined their bodies together.
Amy clutched at Ryan's shoulders and gripped his sides. She lifted her legs around him, and his body undulated over her and inside her. Their bodies slapped together, and he slammed his cock between her thighs.
To Ryan, his shaft felt huge inside Amy, and the sensations from its sensitive head blanked his mind. Amy groaned and bit his shoulder. Her fingers dug into his skin until her hands slipped away. She clutched at the air as her muscles tightened, and her cunt gripped Ryan's plunging cock.
Amy clenched her teeth and screamed at the wall when she climaxed. She gave Ryan her unconditional surrender, and he claimed her. He pounded into her and stopped, and his essence erupted. It burned the length of his shaft. He slammed into her again and it gushed out deep inside her. Again and he collapsed onto Amy with his shaft straining and twitching inside her.
"Oh God," Ryan said. "Oh God, Ms. Bailey." He caught his breath before he rolled onto the mattress beside her. "I should go close the front door."
* * *
Ryan had his laptop in front of him when Amy called. It was Saturday afternoon and she was angry. "Did you reserve tonight for me?"
"I was just changing my classes. I didn't plan anything else. What happened?"
"Clint already left to get Izzy. You'd think he'd take his own wife, but no. Dinner will be my treat."
"How fancy is the party going to be?"
"Clint's wearing a suit. Probably most of the men will be in suits. I'm still Plan B, so I'll be in slutwear."
"That sounds more naked than Nude Day."
"This isn't a faculty picnic, or any other occasion for conservative underwear. You'll like it."
Ryan didn't have a suit. He had new jeans and a blazer he could wear over a tee-shirt. That's what he was wearing when he took care of Gigi and waited at Amy's door.
Amy was still putting on hoop earrings when she opened the door. She fluttered false eyelashes at Ryan and talked while she turned away. "You look good. I'm almost ready. I can't believe Clint left me to get myself to his party. I'm glad I don't have to go alone."
Ryan stopped Amy to look at her slutwear, and Amy held her arms out to let him see. She wore silver fuck-me pumps, nylons, and a blue dress that didn't hide her body. The skirt went to mid-thigh, and the top was loose, with a neckline that dropped almost to her naval. Ryan could see her breasts through the plunging neckline and from the side, and her nipples flashed when she moved.
"Where are we going for dinner?" Ryan had to tear his eyes off her body. "You look hot as hell, but where can you wear that?"
"We'll go to Michael's. There's a jacket to go over this, and I'll tape my boobs into it until we get to the Sheraton." Amy picked up a silver chain with horseshoe-shaped clips at each end. She draped it around her neck, and Ryan watched with his mouth open as she clipped the ends to her nipples and adjusted the chain so it crossed gracefully between her tits.
Amy's look was more conservative after she taped her boobs into the dress and put the long jacket on. She picked up a silver purse and turned Ryan to the door. "I'll drive. You can look. If I'm lucky, then you'll be the one who gets to get me out of this."
They sat across from each other at a small table in a dark restaurant, and Amy made sure she didn't block Ryan's view down her dress. They talked about food until they ordered. Ryan handed his menu to the server and took a drink of water. "Do you think tonight is going to change anything?"
"It'll change things for Izzy. One way or another I think her list will be done."
"I was thinking more about you and me and Clint."
Amy shifted in her seat and her boobs swung under her jacket. "The chance that Clint will come out of the party with his exclusive contract is pretty slim. He knows that. If it doesn't work then nothing much changes for Clint or for me. The hole in my life that comes from not having sex with the man I love just keeps getting bigger."
Amy sat back while her wine was served, then she flipped her hand. "If he gets his exclusive then there'll be more money, but even less Clint. We won't be moving or anything." She sat forward with her hands around her wine glass. "I'll probably need you more than I do now, so if something changes it'll probably be you. You're going through a lot of changes over the next few years."
"I see that." Clint sat back while the server placed a salad in front of him. "I might have trouble explaining to my dad why I spend so much time at your place."
"What? You don't want to tell him you're boffing the married neighbor almost twice your age? He might be jealous."
Ryan held up a fork full of greens. "Especially if he ever sees you like this. Maybe he'd be OK with it, but I don't know."
"Don't think twice that it might be OK. There are ways to hide it: we meet at your place, we have club appointments at their house, I drive so your truck isn't at my house. Gigi might be the worst problem. She's always going to know when you're there."
"I don't expect Gigi will be there much longer. She's an old dog."
"Sure, but a time will come when you have to tell your dad that it's your life, and it's OK."
Ryan concentrated on his salad, and then on his pasta. He sat back when he was done. "How is it going to work tonight? I mean, with you and Izzy."
Amy gave the server her credit card. "Clint rented a two-bedroom suite. He'll look for an opportunity to sweeten his deal. If he finds it, then the lucky girl goes upstairs. Maybe we both go. That's why he got the suite."
"What if the school people find out about this? You aren't wearing a mask tonight."
Amy closed her jacket and cut off Ryan's view. "I worry, and I count on you for a little help. We'll be in a private room, but we need to be quick when we come and go." She signed for dinner and stood by the table. "My entrance will be a little late, but that's not a bad thing."
They stayed in Amy's car outside the Sheraton while she peeled the costume tape off her tits. She kept her jacket around her, and they entered the hotel through a side door close to the party room instead of going through the lobby.
Izzy was already working the room. She turned to look when Ryan brought Amy in, and Ryan barely recognized her. Her makeup was dark. She wore long eyelashes, and her hair was pinned up to fall behind her ears.
Amy handed Ryan her jacket, and a murmur went through people around them. "Can you find a place for this?" She watched Izzy cross the room on spike-heeled platforms as she took her phone, her ID, and her credit card out of her purse. "And hold these for me?" She pushed them into Ryan's inside pocket and talked so only Ryan could hear. "Izzy's hot, and I need a glass of wine."
Izzy hugged Amy and stood back to look at her. "Oh my God, Amy! You look soprofessional!" She slipped her arm around Ryan's waist and gave him a squeeze, and Ryan rested his hand on her hip. Izzy was molded into a strapless tube dress that was barely long enough to cover her pussy.
Amy glanced around the room. "Do you know where my husband is?"
Izzy pointed out four men in the corner. "He's with the guys from Westmont--the ones we're here for. The white-haired guy is Dennis Maes--the project director--and the other two are his top guns."
Amy handed Ryan her purse and he watched heads turn. She touched shoulders and greeted Clint's team members as she made her way to Clint.
Ryan looked Izzy over. "How late do you work?"
"I think I'm here all night, but maybe I could leave now and count my list done. Clint was real tense, and he made me give him a blowjob in the car before we came in. I'd have sucked him off if he'd asked, but he paid for it, so he didn't ask." She shrugged. "If that's all I have to do tonight, then it was an expensive blow job."
Izzy pointed to a door across the room. "That's a coat closet." She watched Amy squeeze herself against Clint and show off for Dennis. "This setup is so obvious. Everyone has to know what we're here for."
"Who's the gray-haired woman who just tapped into their conversation?"
"Sandra Seligman. She's the big boss--Clint's COO or something. I have to wonder what she thinks of all this. Anyway, I need to be where Dennis and his boys can see the goods."
Ryan hung Amy's jacket and found a place for her purse. He found the bar and got the barkeep to fill his biggest wine glass with chardonnay for Amy.
Clint, Amy, and Izzy were the only people in the room that Ryan knew, but people were curious. They stopped him as he worked his way back to Amy with her wine, and every time he turned someone stopped him to ask his name and to talk.
Amy surprised Ryan when she tugged him out of a conversation. She tucked her hand in the crook of his elbow and sipped her wine. "Clint is looking for an angle and not really finding it. So far, he hasn't used, 'You can use my wife if we get a deal,' and I'm just as glad.
"Dennis said that Clint's proposal and the proposal from SunPower are about the same. Westmont thinks they'll split the contract." She sipped the wine again and looked around the room. "If there's no exclusive, then there's no big promotion for Clint."
Izzy hovered near Clint, nursed a soda and tried to act like she wasn't listening, but Ryan listened.
Dennis was complaining. "The City Planning Department has been our biggest frustration. They cost us millions in additions, changes, and delays, and it isn't over yet."
Ryan turned his head to inhale Amy's winey scent, but he didn't stop listening. "I've tried to work with them before," Clint said. "I'm not sure they know their own ordinances. They have an agenda all their own."
Dennis stared at Izzy's tits while he talked. "We came close to suing the City, but that would be more delays and the attorney costs would be high. Sometimes it costs less to bend over and take it in the butt than it costs to fight back."
The assistants laughed, but Clint caught Izzy's arm, and she lurched forward. Sandra--the COO--took a step closer.
Clint lowered his voice so Amy and Ryan could barely hear. "I know how frustrating that is, and I can fix it." He motioned to Izzy. "Call this 'City Planning' and take your frustrations out on her. She can be yours all night."
Amy turned away and tried to keep from spilling her wine while she stifled a laugh. Dennis licked his lips when he looked at Izzy. She posed for him, and Clint patted her pretty ass. Clint's voice was hardly more than a whisper. "City Planning's young and motivated. She'll take it any way you give it to her."
Dennis' assistants talked to each other and Dennis ask, "And you want ...?"
"An exclusive contract. You said yourself that there isn't a sliver of light between my proposal and SunPower's, so it wouldn't cost you a thing to give us the exclusive, and you'd get to take your frustrations out on City Planning. That should feel good." Clint reached into his jacket pocket and flashed a room key. "I have a room ready."
Ryan couldn't hear what Dennis said to his assistants or what they said to him, but Dennis glanced at Sandra and offered Clint his hand. "We've already talked to SunPower, and we'd rather work with SynergyCom. The air of cooperation here gives you an edge that even my CFO will agree to."
A smile lit Clint's face. He shook Dennis' hand and offered the key. "Suite 512, and she's yours."
Izzy looked confused for a second. She glanced at Clint and smiled at Dennis, and Dennis wrapped his hand around her arm. "We've already heard too much from City Planning. Now we don't want to hear anything but grunts and gasps."
Amy waited until Dennis was out of the room. She held her glass out in one hand, hooked one arm around Clint's neck, and kissed his cheek. "It looks like you'll get yourmoreand I didn't even have to spread my legs."
She let Clint go when Sandra touched his shoulder. "That was a creative pitch. We have the handshake. If we can follow through with a signed contract, then West Region is yours." She motioned to the rest of the team. "All of your team will get bonuses whether we get the exclusive or not, but you get the brass ring. You deserve it."
Sandra looked past Clint's shoulder and smiled. "Take a few minutes to gather your thoughts, then you can announcethatto your team."
Amy slipped her arm around Ryan's waist, pulled herself close, and drained most of the wine. "I don't need to be here. Where did you put my jacket and purse?"
Ryan took the glass, pointed out the closet and watched Amy wind her way through the party. Clint nudged him. "My wife did her part. Now you can do what you want with her."
"That's not the way it should be." Ryan turned on Clint. "It sounds like you're going to get yourmore,but what are you losing for it?"
Clint furrowed his brow and pulled Ryan to the wall, away from people around them. "What the hell are you talking about?"
"Your wife. I'm talking about Amy. She loves you, you know? But she can't have sex with the only man she loves, and that's left a big hole in her life."
"I have my reasons. She wants sex more than I do, and that puts me in control."
"That and a few chains puts you in control. She changed her mind when you left her on the lamp post, but not because you withheld sex. She changed her mind because it was important to you."
"Where do you get off, telling me how to handle my wife?"
"I'm telling you what she tells me and what I see. She was ready to give up on you that night we worked on Izzy's list. Where would that leave you? Without control, and maybe without Amy."
Clint turned his head away for a second. "That's a problem I could fix, but I don't want to disappoint her. That's why I'm OK with the club." He shrugged. "That's why I'm OK with you."
Ryan was surprised. "You don't need to do her alone to make it count. You just need to do her."
Clint looked up to see where Amy was, then pulled another room key out of his pocket. "Suite 512--where they took Izzy. Take Amy there and wait for me."
Ryan turned the key card over in his hand to look at it. "I'm going to tell Amy, so don't take too much time with your speech."
Ryan pocketed the key, left the wine glass at the bar, and found Amy talking with two men with their eyes on her tits. He ran his fingers down her arm to get her attention and took her hand. "Let's go, Ms. Bailey."
Amy nudged Ryan as they left the room. "The exhibitionist in me is all turned on, and this time we're closer to my place." She was surprised when he took her to the elevator instead of the door.
Ryan stood close to block views from the lobby, and Amy whispered in his ear. "What do you have in mind?"
"Clint's place is closest." He showed her the room key as the door hissed opened, and he ushered her into the elevator. Ryan backed Amy against the rail, slipped both hands into her plunging neckline, and touched his fingertips to her nipples. "I've wanted to touch you all night. I love the way the clips make your nipples stand up."
"It isn't just the clips right now. You're thrilling me." She put her hands over Ryan's. "We might interrupt Izzy and the Westmont gang."
The door hissed open again, and Ryan led Amy out. "I don't mind making sure Izzy's OK, but we won't be their only interruption. Clint's coming, too."
Amy stopped Ryan outside 512. "Four on Izzy might be too much."
Ryan fumbled with the key for a second before he got the door open. He closed the door behind her, and he backed her against the wall with his hands on her hips. "What about two on Amy? Clint isn't coming for Izzy, he's coming for you."
"What? How did you talk him into that?" Ryan didn't answer right away. He turned his head to follow a noise. Light spilled into the sitting room through an open door, and Izzy's gasp followed a loud groan.
They peeked around the corner and found Izzy butt-up on the bed with her legs apart. Dennis pulled his cock out of City Planning's ass. One of his assistants stood poised to take his place, and the other held her head down on his cock.
Amy stepped back and tugged Ryan toward the second bedroom. "They haven't tied her up or down, so it's all good." She stopped by the bed and tossed her purse on the bedside table. "Should we wait until Clint gets here? I don't need to wait."
Ryan turned Amy to face the bed. He kissed the back of her neck and a shiver went through her shoulders. "I think your husband gets to start things off."
"You didn't say how you talked him into having sex with me, or did you just trick him into coming up here?"
Ryan slipped Amy's jacket off her shoulders and down her arms, and he tossed it onto a chair. "No trick. I told him he could lose the woman who loves him, and he made his mind up. How does the dress come off?"
"Just lift it." She was distracted when Izzy gagged and coughed, and Ryan turned to see what Amy saw. One of the assistants was slamming City Planning's ass and the other was pumping his cum down her throat.
Amy let Ryan lift her dress off then shook her hair out. "Why did you do that?" He tossed the dress onto her jacket. She tipped her head back when he kissed her throat then pushed Ryan's jacket off his shoulders.
"Something was broken, and I wanted to fix it." Ryan's cock was already aching when he tossed his jacket onto the pile, and then his tee-shirt. "I hope there'll be perks in it for me." He fingered Amy's nipple chain. "Can I take your chain off?"
"Gently. Leave the earrings. Clint likes them." Amy stroked her hands down Ryan's chest. She opened his belt and winced when he unclipped the chain from one nipple then the other.
Ryan kissed Amy's nipples and dropped her chain by her purse. He kicked his shoes off and his cock sprung up when he shoved his pants and boxers to the floor.
He pulled Amy against him with one arm around her waist and slipped the other hand over her crotchless pantyhose, under her thong, and between her legs.
There was laughter from the other bedroom and Ryan glanced away. The men stood around the bed where Izzy was propped on her elbows, and they congratulated each other while they dressed.
Ryan kissed Amy's mouth and talked with his lips by her ear. "You're wet."
"You're making me wet." Amy squeezed Ryan's arm. "Your muscles are tight."
"You're turning me on." Ryan acted on an impulse, and Amy squealed when he shoved his arm between her legs and lifted her in the crook of his elbow. His forearm was in the crease of her ass, and he flattened his hand at the base of her back.
Amy gasped into Ryan's ear. He wrapped his other arm around her back, and she tipped her head when he bit her throat. He lifted her higher to suck her tit, and Amy wrapped his head in her arms and ground her clit against his hard bicep.
The door into the suite closed and Clint looked in on Izzy. He left her on the bed and watched his wife writhe in Ryan's arms.
Ryan knelt on the mattress when he saw Clint watching, and he told Amy, "Clint's here. It's show time." He laid her on her back, and she caught his package in both hands.
Amy kept her grip on Ryan and lifted her head to watch Clint at the foot of the bed. He threw his jacket and tie to the side, and Amy lifted her legs apart. He opened his pants and stroked his shaft, and Amy pulled Ryan's cock to her mouth.
Clint pushed two fingers into his wife's wet cunt, and she rocked her hips against his touch. He held his cock in one hand, rubbed it over her hood, and pushed down into Amy's vagina. He lodged the head of his cock into her, then Amy arched her back and groaned when he filled her.
Ryan pushed his cock into Amy's open mouth, and she closed her lips around him. He shoved his cock down her throat until she gagged, and he fucked her mouth while Clint's glistening shaft pumped his wife's pussy.
As good as it all felt, that wasn't what Ryan wanted. He wanted to feel Amy's excitement. She was surprised when he pulled his cock out. Amy kissed Ryan's face when he knelt beside her, and he held her while her husband rode her. He inhaled the scent of her excitement and tasted it on her skin.
Ryan cupped Amy's soft breasts. He squeezed her nipples and kissed her throat. Her lips brushed his ear when she whispered, even too softly for Clint to hear, "Fuck me baby. Fuck me. Don't ever stop." Her breath was hot and ragged. She clutched at Ryan's arms and twisted in his grip.
It was almost everything Ryan wanted from Amy. She gave him the rest when her orgasm overwhelmed her. She caught her breath, and her body stiffened. He kissed her throat and her face, and Amy groaned at the ceiling. She bucked, but Ryan held her, and each of Clint's pounding thrusts came harder and faster.
Amy squealed when Clint slammed deep into her and stopped, and Ryan sat back on his haunches to get out of the way. Clint gasped from his release and slammed into her again, and Amy wrapped him in her arms and her legs.
Ryan backed away and left Clint and Amy alone. He saw Izzy get out of the shower, so he crossed the suite and sat down naked at the foot of her bed where he could watch Clint and Amy. "You're alright?" he asked. "That was pretty rough."
Izzy held a hotel towel around her. "I'm OK." She pumped her fist. "And my list is done." She looked across the suite where Clint and Amy still talked. "My deal with Clint isn't done. He paid for the whole night, and he's going to cash in. At least I don't have to wear that slutty dress. I brought a change of clothes."
Ryan hooked his finger into the top of Izzy's towel and pulled it away from her. "You know I like seeing all your girl bits."
Izzy turned away, rifled through a bag, and came up with a mirror and makeup. She sat down close beside Ryan and worked on her look before she looked up at him. "I think you like doing more with my girl bits than just looking."
"I do." Ryan settled his arm around Izzy's hips. "Am I going to get a chance?"
"Not tonight, but I have a month before I have to move." She nodded toward the other bedroom. "Your chances are like 100% if you make it you, me, and Amy."
Across the suite, Clint climbed off his wife, and she rolled on her belly to watch while he dressed. "I should get dressed," Izzy said. She picked up her little tube dress from where someone dropped it. "I don't think I'll ever wear this again." She shrugged. "Maybe if it would make some guy's day."
Izzy was wearing jeans and a blouse with her high-heeled platforms when Clint shrugged his jacket onto his shoulders. He glanced across the suite then slapped Amy's butt and talked loud enough for Ryan and Izzy to hear. "Keep that kid around. He's smarter than he looks."
Clint left with his hand squeezing Izzy's ass, and Amy climbed off the bed when the door closed behind them. Ryan met her half way. "You heard the man," she said. "He wants me to keep you around. What will that take?"
Ryan motioned to the balcony door. "Let's go outside where people can see us, and we can talk about it."
They left the door to the room open, and air from inside cooled the warm night. Traffic crept by on the busy street below. It was still early and the cruisers weren't in a hurry. Ryan arranged the lounge while Ms. Bailey posed by the rail so anyone who wanted to look up five stories could see her.
Ryan sat, and Amy knelt between his knees. She wrapped her fingers around his cock and smiled at the way he hardened in her hand. "You've been good to me--patient when I needed it, and passionate when I was passionate. That's more than I expect from anyone. I never dreamed of that from someone your age."
"Lay back," Amy said, and nudged Ryan. "Now you've given me my husband back, and I'm grateful. I want to start on top and watch you come inside me, and we can go from there. You don't mind sloppy seconds, do you?"
Ryan fell back on the lounge and adjusted himself while Amy climbed over him. Amy lifted Ryan's cock between her legs and lodged its flared head into her pussy.
"Give me your hands," she said, and pinned them over Ryan's head. "I need something to hold onto, and I want to hold onto you." Ryan caught his breath when Amy settled on him. She kissed his face, and she rose and fell on his shaft.
The city lights shimmered in the dying heat while God and Everybody watched Ryan buck and groan and pump his hot essence into Amy. He turned her, and he held her. She bit his throat and scraped her fingers across his back, and when it was over they guarded each other against the cool air, and the dawn lit empty streets.