Mark stood in the shower, letting the hot water bounce off his skin as he lathered up and reflected upon his morning so far.
And what a morning it had been! He had barely been awake an hour, and already he had molested his eldest stepdaughter, then corrupted her younger sister and introduced her to the joys of his massive cock.
Barely 15 minutes earlier, he had stood in the kitchen, chatting on the phone to his wife while her two busty teenage daughters were taking turns sucking his cock and pushing their ample breasts forward for his hands and mouth to devour. Life for Mark had certainly taken quite a turn for the better of late.
And with that thought, he reminded himself there might be more fun to come later that morning, as he had a Skype call planned with Mia, the busty, dark skinned intern back at his office.
On a previous call, Mark had been gently masturbating below the camera angle, while talking to Mia, and she appeared to have realised. Rather than being outraged, she had seemed really turned on and suggested to Mark that on their next call she would be alone and in private- perhaps they could ramp things up a bit?
Having discovered his exhibitionist side, Mark was really keen on this idea, so he finished showering, dried off and started his preparations.
Having spoken to Jenny, his eldest stepdaughter, he went into his study and moved his chair back and forward in front of his desk. He sat in the chair at intervals, checked the screen view for his laptop's built in camera and using a roll of tape he marked key points on the floor.
That done, he dressed a little more formally than usual given that he worked from home, putting on a crisply pressed white shirt and a conservative dark tie.
He 'forgot' to put on trousers or boxers, and at 10am sharp he sat at his desk and opened the video call with Mia.
As the call started and Mia's face appeared on screen, he could see she had spent even more time than usual on her appearance. Her hair and make up was immaculate and judging by her shoulders she too was wearing a white top- for her though, it looked like a tight white t-shirt, though it was difficult to be sure given the head and shoulders view. She looked stunning, and Mark was very aware of the physical effect this woman had on him. Just recently he had been masturbating gently during a video call with her when she had twigged what was going on!
From the background, it looked like Mia was in one of the private meeting rooms at Head Office at the head office. Mark hoped that was so she would not be disturbed or overlooked during their call.
Mark noticed a look of disappointment cross Mia's face when she saw his onscreen image, but that quickly passed as Mark launched into the business aspects of the call. All was utterly professional for the first 20 minutes or so, when there was a pause in the conversation.
Mark took advantage of the lull, and commented; "By the way Mia, I hope you don't mind me saying so, but you look particularly nice today. I hope I'm not breaching any guidelines by saying so?"
Mia smiled, and subconsciously put a hand to her hair and rearranged a few strands, quite unnecessarily in Mark's view.
"Oh, thank you." she replied, "Don't worry about any guidelines and protocols, a compliment is a compliment after all."
Encouraged, Mark complimented her on her white top.
Again, Mia thanked him.
"Actually," she said, " I usually wear it under a jacket. It has buttons underneath the groin are which makes it rather tight and I'm not sure it's the sort of thing some of the older gents in the office would appreciate."
"Oh?" said Mark, "Why is that then?"
Mia smiled, and leant back a little in her chair to allow her camera to reveal more of her.
She adjusted the camera angle to show below her shoulders, and Mark was treated to a fine view of a magnificent pair of tits, pressed down by a top which seemed to be struggling with its task. Clearly, Mia wasn't wearing a bra, and her nipples were sticking up into the cotton fabric.
Mark's cock sprang to full attention at the sight, and if it were possible became even harder as Mia began to stroke her right breasts in front of the camera. The contrast between the brown skin of her hand and her tight white top was striking, and Mark said, "Well, the old gents might not appreciate the view, but I certainly do?"
Mia adjusted her camera back up to show her smiling face, but judging by her shoulder movements had kept her hand busy, massaging her breast.
"Really?" she said, "I wouldn't know..."
Taking his cue, Mark leant back in his chair and pushed it back to the first tape mark on the floor.
His cock was now standing proud, and in full view of his laptop camera. As he hoped, Mia now had a clear view of his upper body, the top six inches or so of his cock and his hand as it came in and out of view as he stroked his boner.
Mia gasped at the sight, and her shoulder movements sped up a bit.
"Fuck," she said, "That's quite a compliment you've got there! Very impressive!"
Mark smiled, as he jerked himself off in front of the camera. He could see on his own screen the image that Mia was watching, and he had to confess he thought it looked pretty impressive.
He steadily pumped his cock and watched as Mia licked her lips and leaned forward , as if trying to get a better look at his massive cock.
"Want a better look Mia?" he asked her.
She nodded into the lens, "Fuck yes!" she gasped.
Mark pushed his chair back to the second tape marker and slightly adjusted the camera angle. Leaning back, he could see Mia had a full view of him. His shirt was bunched up high around his ribs, his huge cock was standing proud from his groin as his hands moved steadily up and down its length.
Mia gazed at him, fascinated and incredibly turned on by the view on her screen.
"Mia!" said Mark, " Show me those lovely tits of yours. I want to wank myself off over them!"
Mia nodded, and he could see her fumbling with her clothing. Suddenly, she crossed her arms in front of her chest and raised them over her head, with the bottom of her shirt grasped firmly. Up rode her shirt over those luscious melons, and Mark gazed in admiration as her big brown tits burst out from below her pristine white top.
Huge round nipples, with stiff peaks rising from the middle wobbled as Mia returned to playing with her own tits.
Leaning into the camera, she squeezed her breasts together and showed Mark a cleavage made in heaven.
"Do you think you could fit that horse cock of yours between these beauties Mark?" she asked lewdly.
"Well, I certainly fancy trying!" he replied.
Mia watched as Mark leaned further back into his chair, and raised his cock closer to the camera. He smiled as he folded his arms behind his head and looked into the camera.
Entranced, she watched as he sat there, his hands behind his head, his cock erect and leaking precum all over the hand that was steadily pumping it up and down.
"What the fuck!" gasped Mia into the camera. Mark had his hands crossed behind his head! So how could there be another hand steadily giving him a hand job as he gazed at her naked breasts?
"Oh My God!" she gasped, "you're not alone! Who the fuck does that hand belong to?"
"Surprise, surprise!" said Mark, looking down at Jenny as she sat below the camera view, only her hand visible as she jerked off her kinky stepdad.
"Do you like watching me get jerked off Mia? Do you like seeing someone's hand wrapped around my cock? Play with those tits of yours for me Mia! Help me cum, I'm close now!"
"This is incredible!" groaned Mia as she watched the dainty white hand pump Marks cock.
"Isn't it!" gasped Mark, as he felt himself get closer.
"How would you like it to be your hand wrapped around my cock, while my friend watches you pleasure me?" asked Mark.
"Could you handle that?" he asked.
"God, yes!" cried Mia, "I'd love it, please make it happen! I'm so fucking wet!"
"Good girl, Mia" said Mark. "Will you let me titty fuck this big brown beauties of yours? Will you take my cock into your mouth and suck me? Will you let me fuck you deep and hard with my big horse cock as my little friend watches?"
Mark looked down at Jenny jerking him off with one hand, the other being plunged deep into her pussy as she approached her own climax.
He looked back at the screen as Mia moaned "Yes! Yes! Anything you say Mark! Just let me get myself wrapped around that monster cock! I so want you deep inside me!"
She groaned as she reached her own climax and that, along with Jenny starting to cum pushed Mark over the edge. Spurts of hot white cum pulsed from his cock and up over his chest. One burst shot up and landed in his own face, a first for Mark!
It felt like he was cumming forever, but eventually his spasms died down, as did Mia and Jenny's.
He laid back in his chair to recover his breath, Jenny lay down on the floor below the camera line and Mia sat back panting in her chair.
After a while, he spoke to Mia.
"I've got some work down here which might suit a keen intern. Whoever came down to help me would probably have to stay over for a few days to really get to grips with it all. Do you know anyone who might be interested?"
"Oh, yes!" said Mia. "I know the perfect candidate!"
"Excellent!" said Mark, " I'll make the arrangements."
He leant forward to his laptop, broke the connection and, as his screen went dark, he leaned over to Jenny, cupped his hand under her chin and raised her mouth up to his.
"Thank you," he whispered, and kissed her deeply.
"Now off you pop, and make me a coffee!" he smiled. " I've a long day ahead of me!"