First let me thank you all for the votes and emails. And as I've said before, this is not meant to be the next great novel, so if that's what you're looking for, I'm sorry to disappoint. I'm sorry it has taken so long to post this, but my semi retired boss got bored, and all of a sudden there is money to be made. With that in mind, if you haven't read all of the previous chapters, I suggest you do so before proceeding.
If I haven't already scared you off, I hope you enjoy reading it as much as I do writing it. All mistakes are mine. All people, places and institutions are made up, this story in no way reflects reality and any similarities to it are coincidental. Enjoy.
*****
Chapter 10
Marcus came awake as Abby climbed back under the covers, rolling to put her back against him, and pulled his arm over to tuck his hand between her breasts. "I started some coffee." She told him, inching her hips back tighter against him.
"You sure you're not Irish?" He asked, a little sleepily.
"Sorry, I was told we were French."
"Damn frogs," he muttered, "too drunk to even find Ireland back in the revolution against the Brits."
Abby laughed. "I think that was winter storms. And the Irish were the ones too drunk to light the beacon fires." He chuckled.
"I have to admit," he said as he nuzzled her ear, "the reputation of the French women seems to be well-earned."
She giggled and pulled his hand deeper into her cleavage. "Why Marcus, is that your shillelagh poking me in the back?"
"Well, it's certainly not a French horn." He growled.
Katey was cutting shortening into the dry ingredients of her pie crusts. She was doing one crust at a time, cut it in, add ice water to form a ball that got wrapped and put in the fridge. She'd spent the evening before baking down and pureeing two small pumpkins and about five pounds of sweet potatoes. She'd put the two twelve pound turkeys in a brine and hard steamed three dozen eggs. She was having a ball. Thanksgiving was her favorite holiday.
Cindy was nervous, she hadn't seen her mother since she was sentenced. Actually, she hadn't even known where she was, but Brigid had found out she was being held fairly close by in Framingham, at the Massachusetts Committing Institution. At first, Cindy had declined the offer to take her to visit, only agreeing when Brigid said she would go in with her.
She almost didn't recognize her mother when they finally brought her into the room. She'd been skin and bones before, wasted away by the booze. Now she was actually looking healthy, her hair cut in a short bob. When she stopped at the table and looked at her and a tear escaped, Cindy lost it and rushed into her arms. One of the female guards headed over to separate them, but she didn't hurry.
Brigid had to wipe away a tear of her own, as they settled at the table across from each other.
"This is Brigid, Mama." Cindy introduced them. "She's been looking after me. They gave me my own apartment, and I'm playing the piano again."
"I thought you were staying with your Aunt Brenda?"
"I hated it there." Cindy told her, then tried to hide a grin. "Brigid knocked her out." She snickered.
Cindy's mom looked Brigid over and finally nodded. "Cathy," she told her, extending a hand to shake, "you've no idea how often I wanted to do that."
"I'm going to go to college too." Cindy went on, nervous, desperate that her mom agree that she was okay staying where she was. "I just have to figure out what for."
"That's great baby," her mom told her, "I'm learning to be a chef in here." She didn't tell her that it was the best way to get a few extra treats. "You look good, are you happy?" They talked for about twenty minutes, catching each other up on the last two years, connecting again. Cindy telling her about the hall.
"Oh, we're going to fly down to a big car show in Florida tonight." Cindy told her excited. "We'll stay in a big house on the beach, everybody is going." Her mom smiled, but slid a speculative look over at Brigid.
"That sounds like fun." She agreed, "I've missed you, happy Thanksgiving baby." She went on as the buzzer went off, warning that the visit was almost over. "I hope this means your going to start coming?" and Cindy looked at Brigid who nodded.
"Could you give me and Brigid just a moment?" she asked her, reaching across the table and squeezing her hand. "I just want to thank her."
"You go ahead, I'll be right out." Brigid told her, nodding towards the door they had entered through. Cindy looked reluctant but agreed, getting another quick hug when she stood, before she headed to the door.
"So what's the deal?" Cathy asked Brigid as soon as Cindy was out of the room. "You better not be messing with my girl. If you think you can whore her out.."
"Whoa," Brigid told her. "No one is whoring Cindy out. She helped us out a while back, and when I took her home, that bitch she was living with slapped her and took the new phone we bought her. The place was a pigsty, so I took her back with me." She studied the woman for a second, then decided to tell her more. "She has her own apartment, with a locking door. And nobodies going to try to fuck with her any more, including you."
"She's going to go to college, and have a life." Brigid told her. "Like she said, she's playing the piano again, and she's good. When she's ready, if she wants it, I'll even pay for some therapy." Brigid paused as the woman looked down guiltily. "She's going to be okay." She told her. "I promise."
"Thank you." Cathy told her, her voice softer now.
"I'm going to put a hundred bucks in your commissary from Cindy." Brigid told her as the guards started moving people out. "You keep at the chef training or whatever else they have that you're interested in, and I'll bring her back next month and add to it. Come out of here ready to stand on your feet, because I'm not going to let you drag her down." They locked eyes for a moment, then she looked down again and nodded, just before the guard got to their table and sent Brigid out.
Becky leaned against the door jamb to Marcus' bedroom, her jeans open and one hand buried between her legs watching Abby's slim back and heart-shaped ass as she rode Marcus' cock.
She had hoped to take another shot at deepthroating while Abby was there, but this was good too. Marcus was moved out of the hall now, so it was a little harder to fill the impulses she had, she couldn't just go down the hall at two in the morning and climb in his bed naked. She watched as Marcus pulled Abby down on his chest, then started thrusting up into her, his cock more visible, making her lick her lips. Soon he was really going at it, the whole bed trembling as he hammered away at her, his balls bouncing around so much it almost made Becky laugh. When the white foam started building around his cock, seeping from Abby, she added another finger to herself and pushed her jeans down more, needing more room. She came as they did, her own little whine lost in Abby's stuttering wail.
Abby spotted her after she rolled off Marcus, "Did you at least stop in the kitchen and bring us coffee?" she asked with a grin, wiping at the sweat on her chest. Becky nodded and headed towards Marcus' kitchen redoing her jeans. She could smell the coffee, and found three cups.
"Sugar or cream?" she called back towards the room, and heard both call for black. So she doctored hers, then carefully walked back, having filled them a little too full. Abby popped up and took the two plain cups from her, and Becky sat on the corner of the bed as they got sat up and situated, Marcus pulling the cover up to protect his pride from any accidental coffee mishaps.
"Are you a member of the mile high club?" Becky asked Abby, almost causing Marcus to have a mishap. Abby took a sip, then grinned at her.
"I guess that depends on the criteria for joining." She told Becky, "I gave my husband a couple of blowjobs in first class, but we never actually got naked and fucked."
Becky grinned and shook her head. "The man was an idiot." She told Abby, and Marcus chuckled in agreement. "Well, it seems everyone that went on the last trip managed to join in spectacular fashion." She went on, going to tell Abby everything she'd heard about it. But Marcus interrupted.
"Oh no, if your going to go telling her how my daughter joined this club, I don't want to hear it." He told them, trying to hand his coffee to Abby so he could climb from the bed.
"Oh, Okay." Becky gave up, "I'll tell Abby about it later. The point is, that I need to join too, I can't be the only one of my friends that's not a member." And here, she pointed at Marcus. "Sometime during the flight tonight, you and I are going to fuck in the bathroom. So save me some, or go get that prescription filled or something, but be ready." And Abby started laughing at the trapped look on Marcus' face.
"That went well," Brigid told Cindy once they were back in her little Miata and headed home, "she seems to be doing pretty good."
"What did she want?" Cindy asked, afraid her mom might have said something that would screw things up for her. Brigid saw it, and decided to just tell her.
"She wanted to make sure I wasn't hurting you." She told her, "Which is perfectly fine. I guess I'd have a hard time believing someone in the same circumstances. I told her, that I wasn't going to let anyone hurt you any more, including her." She finished, looking over at Cindy to see how she took that. Relaxing when Cindy tried to hide a smile and failed.
"Thank you." Cindy told her, reaching over and laying a hand on Brigid's arm.
***
Mason came awake sneezing, and found his wrists shackled to the bed. Cybil was sitting on him naked, with the exception of some war paint and a feathered headdress that was obviously from a toy department. Then he realized they weren't alone, as Shelby and Ardella both crawled on the bed from opposite sides. Both looking fierce in their pastel feathers.
Cybil brought his attention back to her, flicking his nose again with the purple feather in her hand. "We've decided this Thanksgiving, it's the white man that should get screwed." She told him and giggled.
Keeping her eyes locked to his, she scooted up until her knees were on either side of his head, then threw her head back as he surrendered and started using his tongue. He guessed right, that it was Ardella that quickly had him in her mouth, so it had to be Shelby playing with his balls.
Jess was in the gym, she was kicking the shit out of the standard heavy bag, imagining it was David. She knew this last voice mail she'd found that morning had risen to the level where she had to tell Ben about it, and it pissed her off, made her feel like a kid going to daddy with a problem. But his question about how close a fire on route 2 had come to her new home was over the line, especially when he speculated on how long it would take fire trucks to reach them.
Glancing at the clock on the wall, she gave the bag one final kick, then headed back to her room to shower and call Ben.
Pat was having an eight till noon Thanksgiving blowout sale. Unlike Abby, he handled all the sales, his three employees being a receptionist slash book-keeper, a mechanic and a painter. The latter two working part-time when he needed them, just to earn extra money. Today it was him and Teri, his beautiful but gay receptionist. He didn't mind her orientation, other than the fact it meant he had no chance, but they still kidded around a lot.
Lately, Teri had been trying to get him to bring her with him out to the hall, saying it was selfish of him to deprive her of all that potential fun. His response so far, was to just grin at her and walk off, Teri cursing him roundly. He knew she would probably fit right in out there, but it was too much fun baiting her.
Today, she took every opportunity to try and wheedle an invitation to Florida out of him. Going so far as to tell him in detail how small her new bikini was. Groaning in frustration whenever someone came in looking and she had to back off. Actually, he was a little torn about the idea of seeing her tight body in the tiny bikini she described, it was hard enough working around her as it was.
For being three years older than he was, she was holding up really well. Kind of like a nasty Meg Ryan, right down to the obviously long nipples that were almost always present. She was the reason they had all the leather in the shop, having convinced him to stock and sell it in a manner similar to what she'd been doing to him all morning. When she offered to wear the bikini around the shop for a week after they got back, Pat knew he had to call Mason, Teri actually screamed and hugged him when he told her to take a few minutes and run home to pack a bag, "And don't forget that bikini!" he yelled as she went out the door.
Saul stood outside Benny's banging on the door for a good ten minutes before a still half asleep Benny finally pulled it open and then shuffled off for the kitchen, muttering something about coffee. Saul walked in and looked around, sighing as he remembered how Cybil had once kept the little house for the two of them. It definitely missed her. Gathering the half-dozen empty beer bottles off the coffee table, he headed towards the kitchen himself, dropping the bottles in the can with all their cousins.
"I figured you'd be ready by now," he needled his friend. He'd known he wouldn't be, but also that he should get there early if they were going to get ready and out to the hall in time. "Did you at least pack a bag?"
Benny just grunted at him, dumping a heaping scoop of coffee into the filter, enough to make Saul blanch.
Shelby was perfectly happy to go last, she'd come to realize she liked to watch. But by the time Ardella, then Cybil both rode Mason's cock, Cybil getting him to cum for her as she writhed like some harem girl from the Arabian nights. Shelby was more than ready to help him get hard again for herself. So as Cybil leaned down and kissed him, his softening cock slipping from her, then rolled off into Ardella's arms, Shelby moved in and took him into her mouth.
Mason squirmed for a few seconds, his cock sensitive, then sighed as the nerves settled and he started growing again, enjoying Shelby's enthusiasm like always. Cybil leaned across him and grabbed Shelby's outstretched leg, pulling her over on top of Mason and winking at him. Shelby got the message and did the rest, scooting back until he could reach her, never losing him from her mouth.
She loved Mason's cock. She'd come to realize that she loved Mason as a friend, he was probably the best guy she'd ever known, but she loved his cock. She grinned around it now, thinking every cock crazed girl should be so lucky. When he was good and hard again, not to mention driving her to distraction with his talented tongue, she started trying. She definitely had to hum a bit when Mason's fat head filled her soft palate, but she just did it and took slow breaths, trying to relax.
Mason groaned when she did the little twist and took his head into her throat, his tongue going still as his hands fisted and pulled at the cuffs. The next inch was harder, it felt twice as thick as Marcus had and she started worrying he might be too big. She thought about backing off, taking another breath before trying again, but then thought the hell with it and started doing one twitch after another, stopping when her nose was where she wanted it, her eyes tearing up.
"Well fuck me." She heard Cybil say from right next to her ear. And she had to pull off or strangle as she started to laugh. She turned her head, wiping a thick string of saliva from her lip and grinned at Cybil, seeing Ardella's head right above hers, but she wasn't sure she could talk right then, so she went back to work. "You go girl, suck that cock." Cybil cheered her on, as she took him down again, a little easier each time, humming and even finding she could kind of throat chuckle after a while. Moaning a little herself as Mason went back at her with a will.
There were sixteen of them at the table counting Danny and the meal was fantastic. Brigid and Abby had both pitched in, but Katey was the maestro, from the perfectly moist turkey with its crispy skin to the green bean casserole, the deviled eggs and potato salad, to the soft buttery rolls. When the pies were brought out, Mason and most everyone else hurt themselves. It was a sluggish group that sat around after, talking and waiting for the time to head to the airport. Marcus loaded the auto feeder for Danny, who was staying home with the sheep. If they took him to the show, he'd have to spend some long days on a leash, something Marcus didn't want him subjected to.
Ben had added an extra pair of men to the roster for the weekend, to keep an eye on the hall itself and to patrol the property in response to David's voice mail. All four men had been told to help themselves to the food left in the reach in, since it would be suspect by the time they got back anyway. Meanwhile, Ben was doing a background check on David to see if there was anything in his past that would indicate he was a real threat. Jess had watched Abby laughing and having a good time, and decided that she would wait until after they got back, before deciding whether to involve her.
Teri had sat next to Shelby at dinner, getting introduced to those she hadn't already met, enjoying all the eye candy. She was hoping for a tour, having heard about the spa and the pool area. But settled for following Shelby to her room so the girl could get her bag and bring it down to be loaded with the rest.
"This place is huge." She told Shelby as they went down the hall. She and Shelby had always been close, Teri watching her turn from a tomboy that was always tearing up dirt bikes and pushing them into the shop for repairs, to the sweet young woman she'd become. Teri had lived in a commune when she was in her late teens, after fleeing a very strict upbringing. And it had been an awakening, sexually as well as spiritually, and she felt like the hall had much of the same vibe. Even Pat seemed to have caught the spirit, and she couldn't help wondering if her young friend was still a virgin.
"It seems like it would be fun," she went on as she followed Shelby into her room., "I know I'd be having fun here anyways." And she wagged her eyebrows at Shelby.
"No doubt." Shelby told her, blushing but smiling. It was the smile that told Teri what she had wondered, there was a confidence there that was new.
"So young Mason must be quite the stud?" she ventured, "From all the smiles and blushes you girls couldn't seem to control whenever he looked your way." And she laughed when Shelby proved her point by blushing bright red. "Relax," she went on, reaching out to grip Shelby's arm, "I'm happy for you. Hell, I envy you." And she told her about her brief try at communal living. "It was the best time of my life." She finished wistfully.
"Why did you leave then?" Shelby wondered.
"I didn't," she answered, "the farm was sold out from under us and it just fell apart. All that free love stuff is fine, as long as you have a roof over your head and a meal now and then. Not to mention a working shower." She laughed, pinching her nose while waving a hand around and Shelby giggled. "Believe me, I'd consider sleeping with men again if that was what it took to have another chance to be free and live that way."
"I don't think I could give up cock." Shelby confessed on an impulse, then blushed and turned away, sorry she had.
"Do you love him?" Teri asked gently.
"Yeah, I guess I do," Shelby told her, "but as a friend. Mason's the best. But his cock, I'm totally in love with that, if that makes any sense?" she shrugged.
Teri gave her a quick hug to reassure her, "I think I understand, and I'm just a little jealous." She admitted with a sigh. "Those kind of feelings have been few and far between for a while now, never get old kid."
That made Shelby laugh. "Your like Brigid." She accused Teri as she went over to grab her bag. "Neither one of you will ever be old."
"She's the gorgeous redhead?" Teri asked and Shelby just laughed.
***
They had a different set of pilots for this flight, as well as an attendant. After giving the usual welcome and in flight talk, the pilots disappeared up front, and the attendant made sure everyone was properly buckled in. She explained to Brigid that the normal crew had family obligations, where as the three of them were looking forward to the little vacation this trip would allow them. Then laughed when Brigid asked if that was why she was along that time, and told her they always had an attendant if the flight was longer than three hours. The jet was in the air by four-thirty, and they expected to land around nine that evening.
As big as the cabin was, it started feeling crowded if more than a couple of them were up moving around once it was allowed, so most of them stayed seated. They'd been in the air about half an hour, when Becky made her move on Marcus. He was at a table with Abby, Benny and Saul, going through some of the brochures Pat had gotten about the turkey run and other things to do that weekend in Daytona.
"Marcus, that spot in my back is all twisted again." She told him, "Can you to come pop it for me, or this is going to be a terrible flight." Abby didn't even try to hide her grin at Marcus' guilty look across the table to see if the other two men had bought that.
"I'll go, maybe you can do me too." Abby told him, shoving at his shoulder to get him moving, since she was on the window.
Mason and Brigid watched the whole exchange from the other table, neither fooled, and both having a hard time not laughing as Marcus went by them looking like a man on death row. "You think you should go help him?" Brigid ask, then snickered at the horrified look he gave her.
"Help him with what?" Teri asked, she and Pat were across the table.
"I believe, that my father is being drafted into helping Becky join the mile high club." Brigid told her, "And it looks like Abby is either going to watch, or join too."
"Maybe you should go help out instead of Mason." Teri teased Pat but he only chuckled.
"It's actually a pretty big bathroom." Mason threw in, grinning.
"I already have my Harley wings." He told them, "I hardly think having sex in a bathroom stacks up against doing it on a bike at 70 mph."
Mason heard Cybil groan then giggle behind him and frowned at Pat. "You had to say that loud enough for her to hear, didn't you?"
There was general laughter at that, even Benny who hadn't caught the joke laughed, which made Saul almost pass out laughing because he'd caught it all.
It was a big bathroom considering, and there was a surprisingly wide counter that went the width of the plane, over which both Becky and Abby were currently leaning, asses bare and grinning at each other in the mirror. "Too bad we don't have a radio." Becky told her as Marcus lined up behind Abby, she'd won the coin toss.
Abby didn't manage to say anything in return, as Marcus slowly sank into her. She just closed her eyes and let the top of her head rest against the mirror. If she'd known her life would change the way it had from meeting Mason that day, she'd have given him the car. The boy was fun and she dearly loved him, but Marcus was just one of those men, and she really hoped he liked her as much as she was liking him. Her ex had been a cheating bastard, that could have had all the pussy he'd wanted if he'd only done it openly with her, since she liked a little girl fun herself. But he'd gone behind her back. She couldn't see Marcus doing that, or why he'd feel he had to after all the fun they'd already shared.
She was brought out of her reverie, as the object of it slid from her. Growling in protest, she opened her eyes and watched in the mirror as he got behind Becky and made her a member of the club. He looked so serious it made her smile. Give the man a job to do, any job, and he'd put himself into it. The only thing wrong with him, were those damn Pink Panther movies, they were just so silly, but hearing Marcus' belly laugh made even that tolerable.
There was enough chatter and excitement on the plane that it seemed like they were only in the air about an hour when the attendant had them finding seats and buckling up. A fifteen passenger Ford Transit Wagon and a Lincoln Navigator SUV were waiting for them when they finished taxiing off the runway. They had arranged to rent them from Enterprise through the charter company.
The place Pat found for them was a sprawling villa with seven bedrooms and nine baths. It had a pool and a long dock that ran out into the Halifax River. It wasn't strictly speaking beachfront property, but it was the best option left at the late date they had started looking. There was a nice beach down at the river, and the real beaches were only minutes away. The management company that handled the property supplied a staff of two maids and a cook, so they found a late dinner waiting for them when they got there. Sitting down to baked halibut and a lemon angel hair pasta salad, with fresh tomatoes and mozzarella.
Benny and Saul paired off in a room, Mason, Brigid and Cybil took the masters. Shelby and Teri took the one next to them, with Ardella and Katey across the hall. At the other end of the villa, Marcus and Abby grabbed a room together, leaving Becky, Pat, Cindy and Jess. Becky solved that by backing Pat into one of the rooms and kicking the door shut, it had been a while since they had been together.
"You okay with sharing a room?" Jess asked Cindy, nodding towards the last one. "I promise I don't snore, much."
"Okay," Cindy agreed, a little nervous. She knew the older woman had spent time over in Afghanistan, and she wanted to ask her about her father, but knew it was pretty silly to think she might have known him. Still, there was that slim hope she might learn something that both made her want to ask, and afraid to. She'd been twelve when he died, and she was never really told how.
Brigid immediately threw the french doors in the master's suite open, the evening air warmer than noon at home, sweet with the faint touch of lilies. She could see the moonlight on the river, the long dock cutting a dark line through it. "It's so nice out." She breathed, absently slipping the buttons of her shirt. Shrugging it off, she tossed her bra after it. The dock was calling to her, the romance of the glittering diamond waters pulling her strings as she shed the rest of her clothes. Barely looking back at her two lovers, as she told them to hurry up and get undressed, before walking out into the night, the grass feeling like heaven between her toes.
Cybil was quickly naked and following, while Mason shed his clothes as he trailed after, mesmerized by the pale beauty of first Brigid, then the small sprite that was Cybil. He stepped out of his jeans half way to the dock, the moon's glittering reflection off the water lighting his loves like ghostly sirens calling to him.
The dock stretched about fifty yards into the slow-moving water, and had a square platform at the end that was about twenty by twenty, with lounges and some kind of counter and sink arrangement. Brigid picked one of the wide lounges and stretched out on it, holding out a hand for Cybil to join her.
"Love me." She breathed.
Mason watched the two of them come together, and knew what he was thankful for that year. When Cybil started working her way down Brigid's softly lit body, Mason went to his knees at the foot of the lounge, watching Brigid's eyes close and her neck arch as Cybil settled between her thighs, her sharp little tongue playing in the folds of her lips. He reached out and took hold of the ass Cybil had ended up pointing at him and leaned in to bury his own tongue deep.
Benny and Saul snagged a couple of beers from the kitchen, then followed the sounds of laughter and splashing out to the pool. Exchanging glances and almost afraid to step out there, when they realized the women were all topless. Use of the pool at the hall had continued after the hurricane party, and topless had become the norm. So none of the girls had thought twice about it.
Abby saw the two men standing just inside the door and nudged Marcus, pointing and snickering. "They're like a couple of deer stuck in the headlights." She chuckled. "You think I should go tell them it's okay?"
Marcus laughed, "If you're getting up, find out where they got the beers," pushing the cup of coffee he'd been sipping to the center of the glass table by the umbrella pole. "This coffee is awful." Abby grinned and headed in, slowing down and striking her heals at each step when she was sure the men were looking. It was a walk she had perfected decades before, that built up an eye-catching bounce to her huge tits.
"Evening boys." She smiled as she reached the doorway, "no need to hide in here, the girls swim like that all the time." and she absently brushed at one of her stiff nipples. "Where'd you find the beers?" Both men just stood there with slack mouths for a moment, and she chuckled, then cupped her big tits, giving them a little shake. "Take a good look, they're nice huh?" she told them, grinning as they both finally looked back up at her face blushing. "Don't worry, if I or any of the others were worried about you seeing our tits, we wouldn't be topless. Just try not to fall in the pool, now where did you get the beers?"
They told her, then turned and watched her as she headed to the kitchen, both surprised once again that her thong bikini bottoms left her heart-shaped ass in full view. "We've got to start spending more time visiting Cybil." Benny muttered to Saul, who just nodded. When they walked by the pool, they realized that the girls were playing Marco Polo, and Pat seemed to be it, at least he was stumbling around the pool with his eyes closed and hands out, grinning from ear to ear. "Did you bring any shorts?" Benny whispered to Saul, and they decided they were going to find a couple of pairs first thing the next day.
When Shelby told Teri everyone was going swimming, she'd been thrilled. She had tried to stay casual as she stripped to put her own suit on, while watching Shelby. Having a hard time keeping her breathing even as the slim hard body emerged. She didn't know about Shelby running with the others, but something was definitely doing the girl a lot of good, she made Teri feel both weak in the knees and guilty for looking. When Shelby just put some bottoms on and threw a towel over her shoulder, then turned to look at Teri, the older woman hoped she didn't smell as excitement as she felt.
When Teri tossed her own top back in the bag, Shelby grinned at her. "I can't wait to see dad's eyes when you walk out there like that." She told her, amazed at the long stiff nipples on Teri's round tits, they had to be almost an inch long and twice as thick as her own. Teri's eyes got big at that revelation, but then she grinned too.
Pat finally caught a squirming female body, pulling her close and finding his hands positively filled with tit flesh. His eyes opened in surprise, expecting Abby, and found he had Jess pinned against him. "Damn woman." He muttered, then made himself release her. "Sorry," He began, but she grinned and splashed him. "I guess I'm it, can you guess what I'm grabbing if you get too close?" She taunted him and the other girls laughed.
"You don't really expect him to try after that?" Ardella asked her, and got a grin back.
"I wish we could just sleep out there." Cybil said as they left the dock later and started back to the room. Mason picking up his clothes as they went. "Maybe we can drag a mattress out there tomorrow or something."
"By tomorrow, both of our father's will realize that there is a place to catfish out there," Brigid chuckled. "I don't think it would be as much fun then."
Jess lay in the big king bed, listening to the night sounds coming through the open windows, waiting for the girl to settle down and fall asleep. By habit, she'd always waited to sleep last, wanting to know her companions were okay before she drifted off. It was becoming obvious though, that something was keeping the girl awake.
"Are you okay?" she finally asked her quietly.
Cindy went still, then admitted in a small voice. "I was just thinking about my dad." Jess sighed inwardly, Ben had done checks on all the people living with Mason, and she knew about Sergeant James McFadden, USMC. And that he'd died of a sniper round almost as he set foot on Afghan soil.
"Sergeant James McFadden." She said softly into the night, and Cindy rolled over to look at her.
"Did you know him?" She asked, almost quivering.
Jess could hear the need in her voice, feel it as the mattress shook. "I know of him." She told her, deciding a little embellishment wouldn't hurt anything. "From what I read, Sergeant McFadden died trying to save some civilian children at a well that was under sniper fire. He died a hero."
"I never knew." Cindy said in a small voice then started crying quietly. Jess felt her own eyes fill, and pulled the girl close, having been here before.
***
Benny was the first one up the next morning, wide awake and happy for a change. This was the first vacation he'd taken since Cybil had started college, and he'd had to buckle down to pay for it. Then she'd met the boy, and everything had changed. He still wasn't sure Cybil would ever give him any grand kids, not really sure what the relationship between her and Mason entailed, or how many were in it, but at least she was batting for the right team part of the time now, so there was a chance.
He'd been a little worried when Mason started throwing money around, afraid he was some rich playboy that would leave his girl broken again like when her mother ran off. And just a little insulted he thought Benny needed help, he admitted to himself. But the boy seemed okay, and he was going to enjoy this vacation if it killed him. He stepped out by the pool, taking a deep breath of the salt air and saw one of the maids cleaning up after them from the night before. He guessed she was probably Filipino from her complexion and features, was about his age and he thought, quite pretty.
"Beautiful morning." He told her, nodding. "Sorry about the mess."
She smiled at him. "You should see this place after spring break." She told him and shook her head, surprising him with her lack of an accent. "I'd be stepping over and around enough bodies for a Sylvester Stallone movie." She added, laughing as she wiped the table down.
Benny laughed with her, admiring her figure and noting that there was no ring on her finger. "This is a regular gig then?" he asked, wondering how long he could keep her talking.
"Ulap and I work whichever property they send us to," she told him, "but we usually get this one if it's being used."
"Ulap is the other lady?" Benny asked, tilting his head and holding his hand out. "Benny."
"Maganda, Maggs for short." She told him, taking his hand briefly. "Yeah, we've been teamed up for a long time."
"Well, maybe you and she can play hooky one of these evenings and show me and my pal Saulie where to go dancing around here?" He tried and she laughed, but it didn't seem to be at him. "Maybe." She told him and gathered her stuff to go inside. He watched her go, wondering if she actually watched Stallone movies, Saul wouldn't watch them with him any more, because he'd started calling him Saulie after they'd watched Rocky as teens.
As they were all gathering for breakfast, Mason took Marcus, Abby and Pat aside. "I had Brigid go by the bank and pull out some spending money for this trip." He began, opening the zippered pouch in his hand and pulling out a handful of hundred-dollar bills. "I know none of you actually need it, but some of the others do, so I'm hoping you'll all take the cash and spend it, so the others don't feel bad." He finished, and relaxed when they nodded.
"That looks like a new trunk lining for my baby." Abby told him and winked.
Mason had Brigid and Cybil hand out the cash as they all sat down. Giving each person at the table five of the bills, and the girls drowned out any protests that Benny or Saul might have made. Even Cindy, who had seemed subdued that morning perked up, visions of shopping filling her head as the girls started throwing ideas around.
Ardella left right after eating, Mason carrying her bag out to the SUV for her. She thanked him and gave him a kiss. "When we go home," she told him. "I want my damn wings." And grinned as he nodded.
She had an hour and a half drive to Melbourne, where she would meet her father and follow him to their place out on Indian Harbor Beach. Katey and a couple of the others had volunteered to go with her, but she'd turned them down, knowing they really wanted to play at the car show. She was going to spend the day and the night with her parents, then head back in the morning. She was glad the scar from the beer bottle was under her hair, because she hadn't told them about being attacked.
Teri was surprised after breakfast when all the girls except Jess, dragged her off to the master bedroom. When they found out about the turkey run, the girls and Abby had spent an afternoon at Leathers and Feathers and a few other specialty shops looking for just the right outfits. Ending up buying an assortment of vintage tops and skirts, high-waisted short shorts and the shoes to go with them. Luckily for Teri, they had gotten more than a little carried away, and they could have outfitted twice as many for the two days they would be there.
Teri felt like a kid in a candy store as the others gathered their outfits for the day from the two large suitcases opened on the foot of the bed and started slipping out of the robes they had worn to breakfast. Trying hard to muffle a groan when Brigid dropped her robe and stood there gloriously naked. Too soon for her liking, they were all dressed, looking like they had stepped out of a remake of Grease in peasant blouses and pleated mini skirts, strapped halter tops and high-waisted shorts, there were polka dots and poodles, pen stripes and flowers. And there were brightly colored plastic head bands and a half-dozen shocking shades of lipstick.
When they finished, they descended on her, seven beautiful pin-up girls dressing and redressing her like a Barbie, hands casually touching her in intimate and arousing places. By the time they were satisfied, she was wearing a navy blue short skirt that buttoned up the side, and a long sleeve navy and white striped pull over that left her shoulders bare. Some red Keds on her feet and a red headband set off her blood-red lips. And she was on fire, ready to drag any one of these women into the nearest closet.
"Sweet Jesus." Saul breathed as they paraded back out, and the other men nodded in mute agreement. Mason let Pat take the wheel in the passenger van, happy to take the bench seat in the very back with Cybil as they all piled in. She had on a white peasant blouse and a yellow polka-dotted short skirt that contrasted with the black wingtips and black lip stick she wore. Teri ended up boarding last, and slipped onto the bench next to her as Pat pulled out and headed for the speedway.
She tried to act like she didn't hear Mason's whispered question to Cybil. "Are you wearing anything under that?" Not turning her head as Cybil pulled the hem of her skirt up to show that she wasn't, then giggled and grabbed his hand to tuck under the skirt as she dropped it again.
Now Teri was seriously horny. Going topless in the pool the night before had been liberating after all those years, but it had also felt naughty. She'd been teasing Pat for a decade, even though she truly wasn't interested in men anymore, but seeing him feast his eyes on her bare breasts had made her considered letting him catch her just for fun while they played Marco Polo. Add to that all the swinging tits, especially the perky little ones with their tiny nipples that Shelby was so casually presenting, and she was feeling a healthy dose of guilt to go along with her suddenly overcharged libido by the time they went to bed.
It had taken her hours to finally drop off to sleep, lying there next to Shelby. Thankfully the girl had slipped into a light T before going to bed, or Teri didn't think she would ever have managed it. Opening blurry eyes to the sight of Shelby stepping out of the bath in nothing but a robe that was hanging open as she toweled her hair, all the while chattering about how beautiful the weather was supposed to be, had left her aching but awake.
She was seriously starting to lose control by the time they'd all finished getting outfitted, so seeing this was just too much, and she let a small whine escape. Cybil turned to look at her, and a slow grin spread across her face. Pulling Mason's hand from under her skirt, she raised his fingers to her mouth and licked them while staring into Teri's eyes, then took Teri's hand and pulled it under the skirt to replace his.
Teri groaned quietly as her fingers touched the silky little slit, felt the warm wet depth of another woman accept her touch for the first time in way too long. She closed her eyes as Cybil's lips found hers, not resisting as a small hand started dragging the wide neck of her pull over down one of her shoulders, the fabric hanging up on her long nipple before pulling free, then Cybil's fingers pulling and pinching at it. Teri grabbed the hand, pushing it down her own body, pulling it against her, her thighs parting, lips already wet and swollen.
"Please." She whispered, then let her head loll back as the fingers worked their way in through the leg opening in her panties.
Cybil was having to remember where they were, she would have pounced on Teri if her father and Saul weren't sitting only a few feet away. And while that thought kept her from getting too wild, it added a certain spice as well. When Teri slumped back, Cybil sat back herself, enjoying the feel of new fingers inside her, even as she set to exploring with her own. Teri was wet, her lips fat and rubbery, with a marble sized clit that matched her long nipples. It was easy to rub with her palm as she sought that spot that echoed it inside, curling her fingers and finding it easily, drawing a silent breath from Teri as she rubbed it, her thighs closing for a brief moment then opening farther.
Teri had to clench her teeth to keep from making unwanted noises, conscious of all the others. Afraid to open her eyes and see how many might be watching, sure Mason was, wondering if Pat might be looking in the mirror at that moment. Not really caring as a small orgasm ran skittering through her body, something bigger building in its wake.
Mason was watching, happy that the board shorts he'd worn for the day were roomy. He still got a little nervous when Cybil pulled something like this, and kept glancing around to see if anyone else was paying attention, but everyone was too excited, a lively round of what should we do first going on. When he caught Pat's eyes in the long bar mirror, and the older man winked at him, he couldn't help blushing a little. He couldn't really see anything they were doing under the skirts, just the results, but the round breast with its long nipple was like a magnet that kept pulling his eyes back, and made his cock twitch.
When Cybil slid her free hand into his lap and gave him a squeeze, Mason looked at her and saw the mischief in her eyes. He glanced around again as her fingers fumbled at his zipper, then helped her, pushing the snap loose and pulling the shorts open so she could slip the hand inside.
Cybil hauled her cock out, giving it some slow strokes just to feel the skin ride over the swollen cords within, almost getting lost in it like usual. But she wanted to know if Teri liked it, wanted to see her eyes as she saw it, curious if she was truly gay, or just preferred women. She knew how easy that could be, but she also knew how nice her cock was. She bumped her with a shoulder so she'd look, but though Teri's eyes locked on it, Cybil saw more fascination than lust in them.
Teri was a bit surprised at seeing Mason's cock bared like that, and could admit that it was a nice looking specimen that would be fun to play with if it wasn't attached to a man. But she felt no urge to do so personally. She'd had sex with the men in the commune, and even with a few boyfriends after, before giving up on waiting for the man who could turn her on the way a woman could. She knew she liked penetration, but men just didn't make her blood boil like women did. That didn't stop her from watching as Cybil stroked him, the mere act adding to the taboo of the situation she found herself in. She pulled and twisted at her exposed nipple with her free hand, sucking in a deep breath as the orgasm that had been threatening her, found her. Clamped her thighs together, she trapped Cybil's fingers deep within her while she struggled not to scream out her release.
Cybil watched Teri shake, twisting her hand in its tight confines, trying to add to the pleasure racking her new playmates body. Grinning at Brigid as she turned in the seat right in front of them, where she sat with Cindy and looked. Brigid just smiled and turned back around, but not before Cindy turned in her seat and froze, finding it hard to breath. It was right there, and they hadn't lied, it was so much bigger then his had been. It scared her and thrilled her at the same time, Brigid's hand on her shoulder broke the spell, and she swung back forward, her face scarlet. Brigid gave her a little chuck under her chin and winked at her.
Never one to leave something unfinished, when Teri relaxed and let her hand free, Cybil leaned over and took Mason into her mouth, figuring there was only one way to keep him from making a mess at that point. Any thoughts about her father being in the van long gone.
Mason was seldom on a quick trigger, but so many things were happening right then, he was quickly ready to blow. He'd watched Cindy, almost felt her eyes as she had turned around, then Cybil took him, and he watched as Teri reached under her skirt to pull her panties down her thighs and off, then mop at herself with them, and he let loose, taking short breaths as he filled Cybil's mouth.
They managed to straighten themselves out only moments before Pat turned into the long slow line entering the speedway. It seemed like they had already viewed a hundred cars worthy of a Hot August Nights parade by the time they got parked and spilled from the van.
Mason moved to the front of their group as they made their way to the ticket lines, but Cybil brought up the rear, taking Teri's hand as she stepped up beside her and grinned, then casually hung a pair of white cotton panties she had in her hand on an antenna as they walked along. Teri watched it with a thrill of horror as she realized they were hers, feeling a drip run down her inner thigh as Cybil chuckled and dragged her along.
***
The speedway grounds and concourse were huge, acre after acre, and every inch of it seemed to be occupied. It literally boggled the mind trying to see everything. Mason saw dozens of cars he wanted or would have happily spent a year building in just the first hour. At the end of which, he realized they'd managed to look at one row of cars out of God only knew how many.
The girls were having a blast, and accounted for much of the slow pace. They hardly passed a car without the owner or someone asking if they would pose for a picture with it, by the time they reached the end of the row, they seemed to have as many admirers as the cars did.
"We need a plan here." Mason told them as they stood there trying to decide which direction to head next.
"You should find a few of the nicer GTOs and see what was done to them." Abby told him. "Get some ideas for when you get to the vendors, so you'll know what you're looking for. Then maybe we can get some scooters and cruise the car corral later, see if you can find another project or two."
Brigid pointed at a row of food vendors off to the side. At one end there was a high sign with hamburgers and hotdogs painted on it. "Why don't you guys go ahead, we're having too much fun to hurry. We can all meet over there for lunch around one."
"Okay, but you girls stick together," Mason told them, more than a little reluctant. He was enjoying watching them as much as everyone else, but knew they would never cover any ground if they didn't. "and make sure we get some of those pictures."
Mason saw a dozen beautiful GTOs, but the hands down winner in his book, was another sixty-five convertible like his. He got to talking with the owner, who unfortunately wasn't the builder, and was happy to find that the man had a brochure that listed all the work done to the car. Five bucks later, he had a working idea of where to start with his own.
By the time they were supposed to meet for lunch, Brigid was thinking about putting a stop to the photo spree. It had been fun for a while, but as the crowd that followed them grew, it was becoming harder to actually do. Then there was the fact that without the men, the requests were sometimes more than a little over the line. When she found herself pushing between a scruffy fat guy and Cindy, alarmed at one such suggestion, it was all she could do to not deck him. Luckily for him, several of the other men present had stepped in and walked him out of the area.
"That's it folks." She called to the rest of the crowd, taking Cindy into her arms. "The shows over, we're done posing." There was some grumbling, mostly at the fat guy who had ruined their fun, but soon all but a few diehards were off looking at the cars again.
Cindy was more disgusted than upset at the mans offer to make her a famous porn star, having heard worse while cleaning motels with her aunt. But Mason had to talk Marcus out of going to hunt the man down, though he was more than a little in favor of the idea himself. Marcus only settled down when Cindy gave him a hug and asked him to let it go. Cybil quietly showed Mason a picture of the man that she'd taken with her phone, Mason thanking her and noting the large hoop earring in the guys left ear, but shaking his head when she inclined hers towards Marcus. He didn't want his friend to spend the rest of the weekend in the local jail.
When Marcus swore he was going to stay with the girls for the rest of the day, Brigid kissed him on the cheek, but told him they were leaving the speedway. "We'll take one of the shuttles to the airport and rent something to drive around in." She told them. "I think we've all seen enough cars, and I for one want to do some shopping and hit at least one beach while we're here." This was met with enthusiasm from the other girls. So after lunch, they all went to the entrance and waited for one of the shuttles, Brigid calling ahead to the same Enterprise counter they had rented the other vehicles from and securing a second SUV. Marcus was still going to follow them until Cybil teased him about getting his opinion when they shopped at Victoria Secrets. When the shuttle pulled out, it left behind the five men, Abby and Jess. Jess insisting she was on a working holiday.
Ardella sat in her parents living room, she was missing her friends already, wondering what they were up to. Her parents had retreated to their bedroom to change so they could go walk on the beach and get some lunch. Their visit had been pleasant so far, but she felt like she was interrupting something, like they might have had some plans before she called and told them she was going to be in Florida. Going into the kitchen to put her tea glass in the sink, she noticed the phone on the counter had a blinking screen that said in use. Her curiosity didn't have to fight very hard to get her to quietly lift the receiver to her ear.
"Your sure you can't make it?" A female voice was saying. "I know there will be at least four of your favorites there, you can't get much better odds than that, and I'm still waiting for Samuel to get my keys. Maybe you could tell him they have a little eight ball on the ring?" And she laughed, as Ardella's eyes opened wide. Surely her prim and proper parents weren't going to key parties, she didn't even know people still did that.
"I'm sorry Marge, but our daughter is here for the night." She heard her mom say. "Believe me, we were both looking forward to the party, but we haven't seen her in almost a year."
"Bring her with you." The other told her. "If she's half as wild as her mom, she'll have a great time."
"Marge!" Her mother laughed. "You're terrible. You'll just have to wait till next time to get your horny mitts on my Samuel." Ardella could hear her father laughing in the background and softly put the receiver back in its cradle, feeling almost as confused by the revelation as she had been after the bottle hit her.
The girls made it through the Enterprise office and into the new SUV without any trouble, and were soon unloading at the Volusia Mall. Where Cybil made a beeline to the Victoria Secrets. Teri felt like groaning, half frustration and half anticipation. But even Brigid, who hadn't spent that much time at Leathers and Feathers was immediately put off by the frilly pink Barbie doll decor of the store. Becky looked around at it and laughed.
"Surely you jest?" she asked Cybil, who was also looking around, a little dazed by the glass manikins and dowdy housewives in their skirts and knee-length shorts. She grimaced, then grinned at the others as she held a finger to her lips.
"Let's back out slowly, maybe they won't see us." She told them, slinking backwards towards the door, her eyes going wide in mock panic when one of the sales reps started towards them. They made it back out the door unscathed, Becky and Cybil laughing so hard that the others were sucked in, though Cindy and Shelby were a bit confused by what had just happened.
Two doors farther down, there was a huge Hot Topics outlet and Becky steered them into it, breathing a sigh at the more familiar atmosphere. While the girls looked at the t-shirts, trying to find their favorite bands, Brigid looked at the curios in the cases, her eyes lighting up when she saw the mile high wings. Grinning, she waved the sales girl over.
"Do you know how many of these come in a box?" She asked her quietly, just smiling when the girl gave her a speculative once over.
"I can see if we have an unopened one if you want, it should say." And she went to her knees behind the case at Brigid's nod, rummaging around in the bottom of it. She came up with a small box, he finger indicating the count on the side at twenty-four when she showed it to Brigid.
"I'll take it." Brigid told her.
"The whole box?" Brigid nodded, and had it bagged before the others started wandering up with their finds.
Many of the swap meet vendors were obviously from big outfits, the people working them wearing company uniforms, but Mason stopped at one of the less flashy stalls when he spotted what had to be a virgin 455 block. The stall was run by Eddie Carson and his son Les. Mason and he laughed when they realized they were all from the Boston area and Mason showed Eddie the brochure he'd picked up, explaining about the GTO he had and the shop he was building.
Marcus and Abby wandered off, Abby wanting to see if she could actually find a new trunk lining for her baby. Benny, Saul and Pat heading off to find a restroom while Mason talked with Eddie, Jess at his shoulder. Eddie told Mason that he had another 455 block back in his shop that he'd rebuilt with a heavier bottom end for a customer.
"It's been sitting there for six months though, so if your interested, we could certainly do a deal. Maybe throw some Edelbrock heads, and a Demon Six Shooter on it, find it a larger pan so it won't be starved for oil." He tantalized Mason, grinning. "Since it sounds like you could become my new best customer, I'll even give you a hell of a deal."
Jess was pretty sure the man that had just slipped between this booth and the next was the guy from the picture she'd seen Cybil show Mason. The stupid loop earring drawing her attention. Did he think he was supposed to look like a pirate? Knowing Mason wasn't likely to move any time soon, she slipped between the booths herself, grimacing when she found him pissing on the back wall of the stall.
"What the fuck?" She asked him, sure he was the right man as he looked at her over his shoulder while trying to tuck himself back in his pants. When he saw her and turned with it still hanging out, a smirk crossing his ugly face, she kicked him in the balls, then followed it with a kick to the side of his head that bounced it off the wall right where he had been pissing. Looking down at his unconscious body, she had to admit part of his misfortune stemmed from her anger at David, but she had felt a connection to Cindy the night before, realizing she was part of her military family after holding her while she wept.
"I take it you found the porn king?" Mason asked as he and Eddie stopped at the corner of the booth, then explained it to his new friend.
"There's always one." Eddie grimaced and shook his head. "You know, they police this place pretty heavily, so if asshole there didn't have any pants, I don't think he'd make it far after he came to, nor would he be likely to ever get back in." He told them with a grin. Mason laughed and the two men soon had the fat guy bare-assed, rolling his pants up, wallet and all, to toss in a nearby dumpster. Jess looked down at him, still not impressed with his junk, then reached down and snatched the ring from his ear, wiping the blood on his shirt before slipping it into her pocket.
Eavesdropping on the phone did nothing to lessen the slight awkwardness Ardella had been experiencing with her parents, only now it was her that was causing it. They had eaten lunch at a little place right off the beach, all of them having Cuban sandwiches, her parents swearing they were the best. And now they were strolling on the beach, if trudging through loose sand can be called that.
Ardella's father was trailing them by about twenty yards, rubbernecking at all the bikini clad girls, while she and her mother talked about the hall and what it was doing for her dissertation.
"So, will you be pursuing any other terminal degrees after you get the PhD?" Her mother asked. Ardella knew what she really wanted to know, was if she was going to get on with her life and maybe get married or if she was going to stay in school. It was the opening to an old discussion she didn't feel like having again.
"So just how wild are you?" she asked casually, knowing there were few ways to change the subject at that point. Her mother stopped dead in her tracks, and Ardella had to stop and turn after taking another step herself. Her mother had her hand to her mouth and eyes the size of goose eggs, and Ardella couldn't help laughing. "I'm sorry mom, I could tell I was in the way for some reason, so I listened to the call earlier. I know what a key party is."
"Is everything alright?" her father asked, as he caught up to them.
"Everything is fine Samuel, Ardella and I just need to have a talk." She told him, reaching out to take Ardella's arm and pulling her over next to her. "You go look at the girls for a bit, I'll whistle when we're done." He shrugged and wandered off, and she pulled Ardella over to one of the umbrella covered lounges a nearby hotel had placed on the beach.
"I should be mad at you for snooping." Her mom told her, pulling her down to sit next to her. "But I guess maybe it's time we had this conversation." She didn't look like she wanted to have it though.
"So, how long have you and dad been swinging?" Ardella asked.
"We're not swingers honey." She told her, shaking her head. "We're swapping. There's a difference. Swingers have group sex and orgies. Your father and I just swap and spend the night with someone else. One someone. It's fun, and it adds a little spice to our own sex between parties."
"That's the second question you've ducked mother." Ardella told her and grinned. "How wild are you, and how long? Were you guys doing this while I was growing up?"
Her mother blushed, then grinned. "Pretty wild, at least everyone seems to think so. I just want to have fun though, and no, we didn't do any of this until we moved down here." She told her. "It just kind of happened, I ran into one of my old sorority sisters and she invited us to a party. When we found out what kind of party it was, your father and I went home together. But after a while, we got to talking about it and the idea kind of grew on us. We started pretending when we were fooling around and when Marge invited us a second time, it just happened." She shrugged, then grinned. "What can I say? Your father has always been a great lover, but we've been together for thirty-two years now."
Ardella let the silence stretch for a moment, then put an arm around her mother's shoulder and drew her close. "You guys are doing okay though?" she had to ask. "No divorce or other surprises headed my way?"
"Oh heavens honey, no. We're more in love now than we've been in decades."
"So dad isn't jealous?" she probed a little more. "I heard that friend of yours talking about favorites." But her mother laughed.
"Did you ever catch a glimpse of your dad growing up?" she asked Ardella, grinning when she blushed and shook her head. "Well then, let's just say that when people start talking about black men having monster cocks, your dad doesn't have to leave the room." And she chuckled. "He's that bull at the top of the hill now that tells the other bulls, 'Let's walk down and fuck them all.' If one of us was going to be jealous, it wouldn't be him."
Ardella laughed at that, thinking about Mason, and her mom gave her a searching look. "I guess I can relate to that." She admitted, and told her about living at the hall, along with all of its sexual perks. "Mason wouldn't have to leave any rooms either." She finished with a conspiratorial grin, and her mother laughed.
"Maybe your father and I should come visit you." Her mother told her, and doubled over laughing when Ardella started shaking her head.
"Don't get any ideas mom." She told her. They talked for another twenty minutes, and Ardella told her that they should go to the party. They had visited and caught up, and she was going to head back to Daytona in the morning anyway, so she'd just take off when they got ready to go. "If I get back to the villa before bed time, I might just get a little myself." She told her and they laughed.
***
This trip was killing her, when the money had been handed out at breakfast, it had only made the guilt Terri was already dealing with worse. She'd begged her way onto the plane thinking it wouldn't really cost anyone that much more, and they'd casually tossed five hundreds in her lap. What kind of people just handed you money like that? She'd tried to give it to Pat, but he had refused to take it, telling her to have fun with that damn smirk of his.
Now they had dragged her into Hot topics, one of her all time favorite stores with enough cash to go crazy, and all she could think was how she could get Cybil alone again. She watched as the little one picked a couple t-shirts, then went to the changing rooms, her heart almost stopping when Cybil looked back at her and grinned, one finger of the hand holding the shirts giving her the come here wiggle.
Shelby watched the two of them disappear and grinned, maybe Teri would sleep that night, instead of tossing like she had the night before.
The girls weren't back at the villa yet when Mason and his group got there about four. They were all a bit foot-sore after walking the car corral looking at the cars up for sale. They'd checked into the little scooters that people were riding around, but when they found out it was seventy dollars a day each, they had opted to stay afoot. Mason had had to force himself to walk passed at least fifty cars he would have loved to buy and work on. But he had the GTO, and knew it would probably take up most of the time he could personally find for such things.
There were a few cars that he was seriously thinking about though. He'd seen Marcus actually caress the fender on a 1960 Ferrari 250 GT Cabriolet like the one Peter Sellers drove in the final chase scene in the first Pink Panther movie. And one old guy had a dozen used and abused Ford T-Buckets, all of them needed work and paint, most needed glass and lamps, but they were priced to sell, and there had been a lot of wistful chatter among his friends after they'd walked away from them. He was tempted to make the guy an offer on the lot, but wanted to talk to his new friend Eddie before he jumped and see what he knew about parts availability.
Benny wasted no time hunting Maggs down, he was hoping she had considered his offer to take her dancing. He was up for it, even if she didn't set Saulie up with her friend. He found her and Ulap folding linens in the laundry room.
"Hello Miss Maggs, have you given any thought to where we might go dancing?" He tried, hoping a show of confidence would sway her and was relieved to see her smile at him. "Miss Ulap." He said to her friend in greeting, tipping his head towards her in a quick bow.
"Which one is Saulie?" Ulap surprised him by replying, she had the accent he'd expected Maggs to have, and was a tiny thing, even smaller than Cybil.
"I'll run get him." He told her, smiling as he headed back down the hall, sure now that they had a shot. Saul was taking a couple of Aleve for his aching feet, "Good idea." Benny told him, popping a couple that he swallowed dry. "Come on, I think we're in." He told him, taking his arm and dragging him out of their room.
"We're in what?" Saul demanded, shaking his arm loose, but he continued down the hall with him.
"Dancing Saulie, weren't you listening to me earlier?"
In fact Saul hadn't really been listening, Benny was always talking out his ass about something or other, so going dancing with the maids sounded like just one more pipe dream, and he tended to tune him out after about the third Saulie anyway.
"You get Ulap, she's the tiny one." Benny was telling him as they approached the laundry. "Maggs is mine."
The trip was over way too soon, though it was a tired and sunburned lot that stumbled from the jet when they got back. Not surprisingly, the luggage compartment had barely been big enough on the return trip. Getting everything from the airport to the hall, then sorted was a chore, but eventually it was done, and everyone headed to their respective homes, ready to work or study the next day. Mason settled down with Cybil and Brigid, glad to be in his comfortable familiar bed, but missing the stars and the sound of the river they'd fallen asleep to the last couple of nights. Ardella drifted off thinking about the wings that were pinned to the lampshade by her bed.