Before you start reading, I wanted to thank you for at least checking out this story! I have had some variation of this series in my head for years, so I hope you enjoy it! And if you don't, at least it was free! Like how sunlight is free (for now)!
All characters are above 18 years of age. For more information about the genre and some other elements of the story some might find questionable, check out the series introduction. Also, be aware that this chapter is very much an introduction to the characters and the setting. There is a lot of dirty talk and sexy stuff here, but the real smut comes in the next chapter. Chapters 1 and 2 were originally one story, but I split them because if I didn't, it would have been thrice as long. Chapter 2 is completed and will be posted once the editing is done.
Also, I love feedback! I want to know what everyone likes and doesn't like so I can maybe incorporate what readers do like and exorcise what they don't.
Have fun! ;p


"Um... I know how much you love penises, but do you pick to play all of the most phallic cards on purpose or is it a subconscious thing you do by accident?"
"What are you talking about?" Parker said as she looked at Lily quizzically. The card she had just played, The Pyrax Death Tentacle, sprung forth from a cyclone that consumed the ocean, its slimy purple flesh leading to a bulbous top that proudly stuck out into the rain. "Oh...oh,okay. I see it now."
Lily chuckled as she used a hidden reserve card to easily dispatch the wet violet dick. She then played her Dyron's Harmonious Hammer card which gave Parker three damage. "You're almost dead, Sweetpea," Lily teased. "Do you have a penis at your command that can save you?"
Parker glared at Lily and then at her cards, coming to terms with the fact that every single one of them resembled a cock. With a heavy sigh, she played her Misties the Mighty Mushroom card and managed to score a few hits off of Lily. "Hey Lollipop, it's not my fault that the art designers of this game love the D as much as I do," Parker joked.
Lily played a second hidden card, Agros the Frail, and destroyed not only the Mighty Mushroom, but also the remainder of Parker's health points. "Sweetpea, you need to learn to keep track of the entire battlefield if you ever want to do well in a tournament. Also, think about getting some cards that aren't penises."
Parker scrunched her face. "We both know that I am a great friend to all penises," Parker said in a mock regal manner. The two giggled until Parker noticed that Lily's cheeks began to turn red. Lily then shrunk into her chair while trying to hide her face with her knees. Parker looked towards the counter of the card shop and saw a very tall, and very hot, blonde man checking the two of them out. This, of course, was a common occurrence when they hung out at the shop on Saturdays, but usually, the onlookers weren't striking specimen of masculinity with perfect faces chiseled from stone.
"He has to be staring at you," Lily said, turning a deeper shade of red due to embarrassment.
To Parker, Lily actually showed signs of progress even as she attempted and failed to hide. She used to be unable to leave her apartment or stay in a public place for any extended period of time. The two had been best friends since their freshman year of high school with Parker always looking out for Lily. Few people knew Lily beyond her numerous anxiety issues with Parker's ultimate goal being to help her bestie thrive in the world by using empathy and care to inspire her to be her own person.
Still, Parker could be a teasing bitch at times and decided to be one in this moment. "Hey hot tall guy," Parker called out, "so, are you mainly staring at me or are you mainly staring at her?" Lily's eyes widened as if she was about to have a heart attack.
The tall hot man immediately blushed red with embarrassment, almost matching Lily's hue. "Um... you're both very attractive women," he said. "Uh... have a good day." The man quickly took the board game he purchased and moved at the speed of light to escape Parker's question.
"Jesus, Parker," sighed Cleo, the owner of the store. "I like it when you hang out here but stop mortifying my customers. Lily, are you alright?"
"I'm... okay," Lily said with a sheepish smile. "That was actually kind of fun."
"Fuck yeah, Lollipop," Parker said with a grin as she high fived Lily. "Though, maybe bring an extra Ativan or Xanax or whatever for when you come to my show tonight."
"Oh..." Lily said, her cheeks returning to their shy red hue. "I can't make it tonight. I have something else to do."
Parker looked disappointed. Starting a year ago, Lily appeared as if she was coming out of her shell and would routinely hang out with Parker and her other friends. Yet, three months ago, Lily began to become distant again and always had 'something else to do'. She always joined Parker for their Saturday afternoon nerd sessions, but never wanted to go out afterwards, even if they had plans set up weeks in advance. "You said you really wanted to try to go to this one. I got permission that you can just sit backstage so you won't have to be in a crowd of strangers. I'll do everything possible to make sure you feel comfortable."
Lily looked guilty. "Yeah, I know. It's just... I have this important project that I've been working on that's consumed all of my free time. I have to perform an experiment tonight or else I'll get behind."
Parker smiled and nodded. Though she wanted to see her friend more often, Parker found solace in the fact that Lily had a passion project and wasn't just too scared to come. "Gotcha. I don't want you to feel like I'm forcing you to do anything you don't want to do. Maybe next time then. See you later, Lollipop!"
"See you, Sweetpea!"
The two took a quick and cute selfie before parting ways.


Parker leaned into the mirror and inspected her hair to make sure that it didn't look stupid. Dyed hair could appear incredibly hot if styled correctly but could also look corny and lame without the proper care and attention. Luckily, the salon layered the new purple hues perfectly so that they brought extra color to the older dark purple dye. Satisfied, she resumed applying her eyeliner as she leaned in.
"I really don't understand why Lily is so scared to hang out with us anymore," remarked Nova while she tuned her guitar, her brown skin accented by the low lighting of the green room. And her round ass accented by her tight shorts "Did we scare her? I just don't understand it."
Parker moved onto her mascara as the band talked. "Brains don't work that way. It takes her a lot of effort to do things that come naturally to us."
Theresa leaned in with a sneer, her tattooed arms resting on the make-up table. "Oh, if you were to leave me alone with her for five minutes, I could get that scrumptious little redhead to agree to do anything. The shy ones always become the wildest after experiencing proper delights."
"Jesus, Theresa," chirped Parker as she fixed her lipstick. "What are you, a villain from a 1930's serial? Stop being creepy! I won't let you turn my bestie into one of your weird groupies!"
Theresa laughed. "Don't worry. I'd let you have a turn."
Parker rolled her eyes as she finished her make-up. "God, you can be so gross!" The two of them exchanged playfully obscene gestures as they heard a commotion coming from outside of the door that sounded like a woman screeching at people. "What the fuck is going on out there?"
Nova rolled her eyes. "I saw that weird blonde girl when I came in. It sounds like she's at it again."
Parker pursed her lips and looked down at her right hand where she wore the purple glove that Lily made for her. Since Lily worried about Parker due to her risky proclivities, she converted a taser into an unassuming and fashionable wearable. She flicked her wrist to make sure it worked right just in case she needed to use it. Though a slightly different hue than her hair, it matched her overall vibe and also had a specific protective purpose.
"You aren't going out there, are you?" Nova asked. "She knows it's dangerous to come here and preach about her crap. I think the show is going to go really badly if you get murdered before we go on stage."
"Look, I find her annoying too," Parked admitted, "but it's a free country and she should be allowed to say what she wants and where she wants as long as she isn't hurting anyone. She's just young and naive."
Nova raised an eyebrow. "Didn't she graduate a year before you from high school?"
Parker nodded. "Yeah, she's older than me, but people mature at different rates." With that, Parker went through the exit door to see three older men looming over a short petite blonde dressed like she had just attended a stuffy business conference about the current trends in the plastic chairs industry. "Hey guys. What's going on?"
Parker recognized two of men who backed off immediately. "Woah, Parker. We aren't lookin' to cause trouble. She just keeps yellin' at everybody about bullshit!"
"I'm trying to save the world and your lives," Ainsley said, her fists clenched as she glared at the single man who still stood in front of her. "This level of debauchery and evil doing will lead to the downfall of society! You have to understand that hedonism only leads to death!"
The short but still muscular man with a mohawk sneered as he rolled his neck. "See? She's the problem, not us. I think she needs to be taught what debauchery is really like..."
Parker quickly hurried herself so she could stand between Ainsley and the asshole. "Hey buddy, you seem new, so maybe you don't know that we avoid shit like that here."
The other two men looked nervous with one yelling, "yeah Ted. Back off!"
The mohawked man's eyes narrowed as he cracked his knuckles. "I know you're the hotshot bitch around here and you got everyone wrapped around your whore fingers, but I think you need to be taught some manners by a real man."
Ted attempted to grab Parker's shoulder, but her incredibly fast reflexes allowed her to avoid his grasp. She then ducked under a punch and grabbed him with her right hand. She flicked her wrist to activate the glove which caused it to shock and stun him. She felt a slight kickback rush through her body as she kneed him in the balls twice.
"Yeah, I am the hotshot bitch around here! So, don't come around to my turf and be a sex pest!" The man fell to his knees and started to stand up. Parker let him, hoping he would calm down. Instead, Ted attempted another punch, so Parker kneed him in the gut and activated the glove as she punched him in the face, prompting him to fall unconscious.
"You two," Parker barked, "take care of your friend and make sure he settles down! If he tries to attack my friends or me again, I'll fucking come after you two next!"
The duo looked horrified as they grabbed Ted and dragged him away. "Yeah, of course Parker! We'll take care of it!"
Parker turned to Ainsley and calmed down immediately, giving the blonde an empathetic smile. "Are you okay? If you're going to come to places like this to express yourself, you should really at least get pepper spray or something. I'm not always going to be around to save you."
Ainsley looked enraged but took a deep breath to calm herself. "Do not think this redeems you, temptress. Their behaviors are because of the way you and your fellow harlots flaunt your bodies around with abandon and how easily you engage in carnal acts! But know this, when the righteous finally claim dominion over this land, I will plead for mercy on your behalf." After her speech ended, Ainsley stormed off towards her car.
"Yeah, you're welcome," muttered Parker as Nova opened the exit door.
"Come on Parker! We're up!" she called out. Parker went inside and grabbed her guitar. Eliza, as fashionably late as always, held her bass and nodded to Parker. Parker turned to the mirror to check her make-up one last time; though no longer pristine, it didn't look too messy. Parker shut her eyes and took a series of deep breaths, focusing herself and getting into the right headspace. She then led the band on stage as the audience's cheering grew louder
"Hi there, you darling sluts," Parker cooed into the microphone as everyone looked to her. "We are the Parker Posse, not to be confused with the Parker Pussy, which is currently residing happily between my legs." She lewdly rolled her body as she flipped her hair back. "And much like my pussy, I know you're all looking to get fucked! So, are you ready to be fucked?"
The crowd cheered as Theresa hit the drums and the Parker Posse did their jobs.


Parker hummed to herself as she carried a box of donuts up the apartment stairs, still glowing from her band's performance the night before. She met so many new people and even managed to get some leads on a few new gigs, but despite all of the possible career progress, she just did not get the kind of action her body yearned for. Even though she had stayed up most of the night, Parker's vagina woke her up at the crack of dawn and demanded attention.
Parker knocked on the door and then knocked on the door harder when she received no response... and then knocked a third time even harder just to be an asshole. "Stop knocking," said a voice through the door, "I'm coming! Are you aware it is 8:30 on a Sunday morning? I swear, if this is Josh again-"The door opened to reveal a bespectacled Black man who was not much taller than Parker, his expression of annoyance instantly changing to one of delight.
"Hey, hey," Parker chirped as she raised her left hand, revealing that she wore a cloth purple bracelet with four different emoji pins attached to it. "It's just your local donut delivery girl! After watching all of these donuts get glazed, I couldn't help but want my own holes to get the same treatment!"
"Fuck yes," cheered Nolan as Parker happily sauntered in and then bent over rather lewdly while she placed the box on a table. "I'm hoping Maven is around too. I'm really hungry for two big helpings of icing from my two favorite nerd cocks."
"Yes, oh yes, I am very much here," Maven said with a Russian accent as he hurried into the room, practically jumping out of bed. He lowered his obscenely long neck and put on his glasses to see the bracelet. "Four pins? And donuts? Why have you blessed us with such a bounty of fortune?"
Parker chuckled as she sat on the edge of the table, playfully letting her legs dangle as she leaned in, allowing the pair to gaze upon her cleavage in her tight top. "Oh, I had a great night and wanted to spread the wonderful joys of the outside world to some recluses."
Both men appeared absolutely excited, though Nolan became worried and looked to Maven. "Well, there could be an issue that breaks your rules. See, we have a friend from back home staying with us for a few days until he officially moves to town. We love the guy, but we also know you don't like to include complete strangers..."
Maven quickly interjected, "if you want us to, we can throw him out the window."
"Oh yes," Nolan agreed instantly, nodding his head. "Right out the window."
Parker let out a hearty laugh as she hopped from the table. "Well, though I am so thrilled you both are willing to commit murder in order to play with me, I kind of like the idea of having an audience as long as he stays back this time and watches... and maybe throws in some dirty talk."
Without skipping a beat, Nolan and Maven hurried into their third bedroom and literally pulled their friend Fred from his bed. He yawned, very confused. "What's going on," Fred asked.
Parker instantly recognized the man. "Holy shit!" exclaimed Parker as she clapped her hands once in delight. "You're the very hot tall boardgame guy from yesterday!"
"Dear god I don't believe in, please let that be a good thing," Nolan earnestly prayed
"Oh yeah, it's a good thing. This dude was in the card shop and I caught him checking out Lily and me. He can stay since I already know he has great taste." Parker bit her bottom lip playfully as she pushed Fred into a lounge chair.
"This is the weirdest dream of my life," said a half-awake Fred.
"Alright, boys," Parker cooed as she stood mischievously with her hands behind her back. "Before you can load up on the tasty fried carbs that I brought, I need to load up on some tasty cock and gooey protein!"
Maven and Nolan sat on the couch situated next to Fred, their eyes never straying from Parker. She slinked down onto all fours gracefully and then crawled to the pair. She tied her hair into a messy ponytail as she looked between the two crotches. "Hmmmm... am I in the mood for a long treat or a wide one?" Parker giggled as she perched in a squat and reached into each man's pocket, teasing their cocks through the fabric with her fingers.
"You know what, I'm really hungry this morning, so why not both at once?" As she lowered herself onto her knees, Parker pulled down the pajama pants of both men at the same time. Nolan's cock, the thick one, was not as long as Maven's, but had a delightful weight to it while Maven's thin cock fit perfectly into Parker's gullet. Parker spit onto her non-gloved hand and began to work Maven's thin cock as the she spread her lips wide enough to swallow Nolan's cockhead.
Nolan moaned as Parker's tongue swirled around the tip of his cock as she bobbed slightly, her other hand moving to massage Maven's balls. After a good minute of attention, she pulled off of Nolan with a loud pop and licked down the length of his thick dick. She then began to pay oral attention to his balls while moving her left hand up and down Maven's length.
The purple-haired punk then swiveled her head to face Maven's cock and raised her gloved hand to squeeze and tug on Nolan's thick dick. While Lily had designed the glove for Parker as a defensive weapon, she had also used a material with slight bumps and contours that would add extra pleasure to any hand job given by her gloved hand.
Parker gave Nolan a sensual rubbing of his cock flesh as she lowered her head down onto Maven's hard dick. She pressed it against her throat, making cute gagging sounds as her saliva thickened and bubbled at the corner of her lips. "Glark...glark...glug..."
Then, as if struck by lightning, Fred's eyes lit up as he had finally and officially awakened. "Oh, oh! Are you serious? This can't be real! You're the other girl from yesterday!"
Parker turned her head full of Maven's dick towards Fred and nodded at him with a wink.
"I felt like shit for checking you both out yesterday," Fred said in disbelief, "but both of you turned out to be genuinely nasty sluts!"
With a head still full of cock, Parker's expression turned from joy to a scowl as she removed her gloved hand from Nolan and threw up the 'devil's horns' hand signal. "Shit," exclaimed Nolan.
Fred looked confused. "Wait, what does that mean? Did I say something wrong?"
"It's a sign that you breached a limit. See, Parker enjoys being called a slut and other dirty names, but she's very protective of her friend," Nolan explained. Parker nodded as she returned her face's attention to Maven's cock and her hand to Nolan's. Nolan let out a happy sigh as he explained further, the glorious feel of the glove causing pleasure to tingle throughout his body. "We've never even met Lily because she's so shy and introverted. I hear she's crazy cute, but also off limits." Parker gave Nolan a hard tug to reward him for explaining her objection so well.
Fred seemed very confused as he tilted his head. "I don't understand. They're both exhibitionists, right? They're the kind of girls happy to just suck guys off in front of others for fun."
Parker enjoyed the feeling of Maven's cockhead prodding her throat and of Nolan's thick dick in her hand, so she did not want to change her position yet. She quickly threw up the devil's horns again in hopes Fred would stop saying lewd things about Lily.
"I'm really sorry, Parker," Fred said as his two friends glared at him for possibly angering their most welcomed visitor. "I just don't understand. Yesterday, I got the distinct impression Lily also enjoyed doing the same thing that you're doing now."
Parker pulled her hand away from Nolan and her mouth off of Maven, making both men groan in agitation. "Hey, I don't want to be a bitch, but Lily is really touchy about sex stuff. Do better dirty talking and shut up about my friend."
Parker turned her head back to her meaty treats as Fred fumbled for his phone. "You're missing my point. I'm not trying to dirty talk or slut shame Lily. I'm telling you; I saw her yesterday at a party I attended. She didn't seem to recognize me, but I'm sure it was the same girl I saw at the game shop with you. She flirted with a bunch of guys, sat one of them down, and then blew him in front of everybody!"
And with that, Parker's mood was killed as worrying about Lily brought in too much reality for her to continue beyond these blowjobs. Still, she had already worked up Maven and Nolan to near orgasm and she would now be leaving early. Thus, she decided to give the men a rare treat she performed infrequently due to fears of harming her throat.
Parker removed her hand from Nolan's cock and grabbed underneath Maven's thighs for leverage. She then began to slam her head down onto Maven's cock over and over, the cockhead slapping into her throat each time as Parker facefucked herself. A small bulge appeared in her throat as more and more thick saliva covered the thin dick with each dive of Parker's mouth, her ponytail gesticulating wildly.
"Glug...glug....GLUG...GLUUUGGG...GLACK." Maven's cock began to twitch violently, signaling to Parker his orgasm would come within seconds.
Parker grabbed Maven by his hands and pulled him up while rolling onto her butt and pushing her neck up. "MMMMPPPPHHH!" Maven came directly down Parker's throat as think drool escaped her lips. A larger bulge appeared in her throat as she rattled and shook, the quaking becoming more intense the longer Maven came.
Parker pulled off with a loud sound as a bounty of cum tinged drool fell from her lips. "NYYYGAAAH." She took in a deep breath and saw that Nolan had begun to cum with a spurt flying high and landing on the top of her head. She pounded her head as deep as it could on the thick cock as Nolan shot forth several goopy spurts. Most of it went down her throat, each wave visible in her neck as it went down. As Nolan finished, Parker fell back with a mouth full of excess cum. Several strands of rope-like spit connected her to Nolan's lap as she breathed heavily while coughing and gathered her composure. Do to the shaking, Parker's entire lower face and body became covered in thick drool and cum.
"Holy god, Parker," gasped Nolan. "I already knew you were the best, but that was next level!"
Parker coughed as she laid on the ground. "Water... please..."
Luckily, Maven had already fetched a glass. Parker chugged it down as fast as she could before using all of her energy to not collapse again. Once she stabilized in a sitting position, she reached over to her wrist and took her bracelet off.
Nolan and Maven had grabbed paper towels to clean up their cotch areas and then handed the roll to Parker. "Oh, are you done even before we get to return the favor? Are you at least going to hang out and play video games for a while?"
Parker's breathing finally returned to normal as she pulled herself up using the couch. Her throat felt sore as her stomach rumbled, the cum nuzzling into its new home. She wiped some excess sweat and drool that had flown onto her forehead. "Fred's attempts at banter brought me to another headspace, so I think I'm going to go home and take a long bath."
"He's totally going out the window," Maven grumbled as Nolan and him glared at Fred.
"Don't get mad at him," Parker said as she hopped up to immediately to attend to the cum that landed in her hair. It had oozed slightly into her bangs but was not hard enough to be a real issue. She dampened a paper towel and took care of the errant sperm. "Your mentions of Lily got me worried. She's been acting strange lately but would never do what you're suggesting."
"I found it," exclaimed Fred as he pulled up a picture on his phone. He turned the screen to show the image to Parker. "I didn't realize what was going on until I took this selfie and saw her in the background of it."
Parker leaned in and squinted at the blurry and dark picture. "Text that to Nolan and then Nolan, you text it to me." Fred and Nolan did as she commanded as fast as they possibly could. Parker loaded the image into one of her picture apps to brighten it up and remove some of the blur. "I don't know, man. That's definitely a redhead, but her hair seems darker than Lily's hair and she seems even smaller than Lily."
Fred felt nervous as he worried that he had misidentified Lily. Parker showed the picture to both Nolan and Maven who shrugged. "As I said," Nolan remarked, "we've never met Lily, but judging by the pictures I've seen of her, I don't think you're right."
"I'm sorry then," Fred said as he slumped in his chair. "Can you keep going, Parker? I don't want to ruin their fun just because I said a bunch of dumb things."
"Don't worry," Parker said as she let her hair down. "I promise guys, I'll do D&D with you to make up for this."
"You'll wear the outfit?" asked Nolan as he perked up.
"Fuck yeah, I'll wear the outfit," Parker confirmed. "You'll be getting the full experience! I'll make sure to bring more plastic sheets this time though since I still feel bad about the stains I left in the carpet last time." Parker than turned her attention to Fred as she put her hands on her hips. "Take your cock out."
Fred seemed confused but obeyed the command. Fred's penis turned out to be a real winner as Parker recognized that its shape and contours would probably feel amazing inside of her. Sadly, that would have to wait until another day. Parker took her gloved hand and rested it on the base of Fred's shaft as she squatted down. Fred had not acted in malice, but he still needed to be taught a lesson. "This is your punishment, Freddy," Parker warned. She proceeded to give the man the best handjob of his life, expertly playing his cock like a musical instrument.
Parker brought Fred to the point of orgasm and then quickly pulled her hand away. "Don't cum! Hold it, Freddy! I know you can do it! Hold it!" Fred never wanted to cum on a girl's face more so than he did in that moment, and it took all of his energy not to do so. He let out a cry as he gripped the sides of the chair as hard as he could, forcing his orgasm to die.
Parker jumped to her feet. "Okay, I'm free next Saturday night! Make sure you leave Freddy here a seat at the table if he's still in town. Maybe Bobby can be the fourth? He's so adorable, like a happy little gnome man!" Parker waved to the only slightly satisfied roommates as she walked towards the door. "See you then! Just know that if you murder Fred, I won't pay you any conjugal visits in prison... probably!"
Parker frowned as she went back down the stairs, not having the fun she had wanted to have. She coughed a bit more as she felt specks of cum in her throat loosen. Her throat burned, but she enjoyed giving the guys an alright throatpie to make up for her sudden change of mood.
Parker had exaggerated Lily's opinions on sex slightly; saying that Lily was "touchy" about sex was not entirely accurate. Parker had assisted Lily with losing her virginity with Lily often expressing afterwards that she greatly enjoyed sex; in fact, she lamented that her anxiety and agoraphobia kept her from being as adventurous as Parker. Still, a public blowjob in a middle of a group of strangers? Parker chuckled at how ridiculous the concept sounded as she left the building.


Over the course of the next week, Parker didn't think much about the incident from that Sunday morning and instead focused on band practice, networking, and her music tutoring job. Parker's only thoughts about the photo focused on how much she wanted to meet and hang out with that wild woman in the picture. She seemed cool.
Parker received a text.Three coolers of ice just showed up at our front door.
Parker chuckled as she grabbed her phone, texting Nolan back.For full immersion during the session tonight.
Nolan responded back with two hundred happy emojis.
Parker looked out of the bus window at the old brick buildings that dotted the landscape. She had seen these same places a million times and longed to see other buildings in other places. She was a cliché; the hometown poor girl who wished to be a world-traveling singer. While her band's growing popularity increased the chances of her dreams coming true, Parker worried about leaving Lily behind. Parker's other friends often expressed to her that she fretted about Lily too much, but no one truly knew how brilliant, thoughtful, and interesting her best friend actually was. In that moment, Parker wished Lily had the confidence of the woman from Fred's party picture.
Due to that thought, Parker decided to look at the photo Fred took for the first time since the previous weekend. Even with the alterations from the photo app, the picture remained hard to read. Yet now that she saw the photo again, Parker noted that the woman and Lily did actually have nearly identical hair.
As Parker stared at the photo, something else clicked in her brain. She quickly shifted to the selfie of Lily and herself she took right after their card game on the same afternoon. She then shifted back to Fred's photo.
The outfit the cocksucking woman wore and the one Lily wore matched.
Reeling from this discovery, Parker zoomed in on the blurry figure. A glove identical to Parker's glove, except for the color, sheathed the cocksucker's left hand. Parker knew that Lily had designed the glove specifically for her and would never give out an identical version to someone else, but Parker could see Lily designing one for herself. The outfit, the hair, the glove, the shape of the blurry woman... too much evidence existed for this to be a mere coincidence.
To Parker's shock, she had to come to terms with the fact that her socially anxious and reserved best friend had publicly sucked a dick in the middle of a party on the previous Saturday night.


"What's up, Sweetpea?" Lily asked as she easily won another game. "I know I always kick your ass, but you're just giving into spanking after spanking."
"Oh, um... just a lot on my mind." Parker could barely focus on anything but her recent revelation. Why didn't Lily tell her about what she did? Did Lily not trust her enough to tell her? Lily knew better than anyone else about Parker's ravenous sexual deviancy, so why wouldn't she feel comfortable talking about her own adventure? Did she lie about doing a project or was this part of some weird experiment?
"Hey, I didn't tell you," Parker said as she leaned forward. "I visited my favorite nerd boys last Sunday morning and guess who I saw: none other than the tall hot boardgame guy we encountered here last week."
Lily laughed as she put her hands over her mouth. "OMG! Really? Did you enjoy his penis?"
"Well, I would be lying to say that his dick didn't look delicious, but he said something really weird. He claimed to have seen you openly sucking a cock in the middle of a party last Saturday night."
Lily's eyes widened as her cheeks turned pink as if she was hearing this for the first time. Parker closely examined Lily's expression and it appeared earnest. She seemed embarrassed, but also intrigued and surprised. "Wow, that's crazy! Just thinking about doing that makes me want to run home, curl up into a fetal position under my bed, and never move again! Are we sure this wasn't just you in a wig?"
"No way! Do you remember that time I dyed my hair red? It made my face look like a pimple."
"Oh, I still have the pictures for blackmail purposes. So, did you track down this woman to be your new best friend? Am I being replaced by your new blowjob buddy?"
Lily's reactions confused Parker. The redhead was a terrible actress and an even worse liar, but she truly acted like she had no idea about this. This fact unnerved Parker, so she decided to try a more indirect angle to get Lily to confess. "Oh, that reminds me. This glove you made me has saved my ass so many times, but you told me before that you don't want to make another one for anyone else in order to not give assholes an advantage."
Lily nodded. "Yeah, I'm sticking by that rule, but if you need an upgrade, I can take a look if you can peel that thing off of your hand."
"Interesting. Well, the reason I ask is that the woman at the party appeared to be wearing a glove identical to mine," Parker raised her phone and showed Fred's photo to Lily. "See? It's even in red! Your favorite color."
Lily froze as she stared at the photo as if her brain shut off for twenty seconds. She stared blankly until she started to twitch a bit with her breath becoming increasingly jagged. Her skin lost color until she turned a ghostly white as she started to breath even more heavily.
Cleo, who had been minding her own business at the counter, turned her attention to Lily and Parker. "What's happening?"
"She's having a panic attack!" Parker said as she rushed to Lily's side and gently massaged her shoulders. "It's okay, Lily. Just focus on your breathing. I'm here. I'm here with you."
Usually, these tactics calmed Lily down, but instead, her symptoms became worse. "I... I... I have to get out of here." She pushed Parker away and ran out of the store and onto the street.
"Lily, wait!" Parker gasped as she jumped up as fast as she could to help her friend. When Parker made it outside, she saw Lily staring at her phone as the panic attack suddenly ended. "Lily, are you okay? I'm so sorry. I really thought that was you. I'm really sorry!"
Lily did not move for a few seconds but then turned around with an impish grin. "Sorry for freaking out, Sweetpea. You know how I can get sometimes. But you're right; that slut looked exactly like me. I wonder if I have a clone out there with better social skills."
Despite Lily's calmness, Parker became even more concerned. It usually took a lot longer for her to fully recover from a panic attack, especially ones as severe as the one she had just experienced. "Are you sure you're okay, Lollipop?"
Lily nodded as she crossed her arms. "I'm great, actually. I have this new meditation app that helps calm me down when I act like a pathetic and scared baby."
Parker pursed her lips. "Lollipop... Lily, don't talk about yourself that way. You can't control your anxiety."
"Looks like I just did," responded Lily as she sighed. "I think I'm going to go. You have your D&D sex thing and I have a major milestone to achieve for my project tonight. Something tells me it's going to be an even more enlightening experiment than I expected it to be as now, I'm expecting some previously unexpected company. Maybe my clone. Maybe my best friend. Who knows?" Lily turned her head as the wicked grin grew more devious, as if Lily dared Parker to follow her.
Parker realized that she would be disappointing her favorite nerds again. Parker had no idea what Lily had planned, but now, she had just been clearly invited. "Yeah, sure. You can just go. I'll hold onto your cards and give them to you next week."
"Sure thing. Next week," Lily responded with a devilish glint in her eyes. "See you later, Sweetpea."
Parker nodded, knowing that these were more than just mere parting words. This was a promise. "Yeah, see you later, Lollipop."