Submitted as part of theLiterotica Nude Day Story Contest 2024
From braless...
Raise your hand ladies if you've ever come home and started to pull your bra off before the door closes. Yeah, same here.
My life has been a love-hate relationship with bras. When I was eleven, I couldn't wait to get a training bra and when my mom gave in, I was proud to wear it to school even though there wasn't anything for it to support. As my body developed, I learned the struggle of finding a bra that was comfortable, provided support, and kept my nipples from sticking out.
I learned that, as I had wanted to be able to put a bra on, the guys I had started to date couldn't wait to take it off. I finally let one but discovered that it was safer for me to take it off than to risk him tearing the hooks apart.
Finally, I learned that some bras were sexier than others and worked better with different types of tops. Shapers to give me more cleavage and then (when I moved out of the house), low cut bras to show off that cleavage.
Then came professional dress. I joined an accounting firm. We didn't have a specific dress code other than dressing professionally, especially when we met with clients. But, I learned the unwritten rules from my first mentor including no visible tattoos and that no one should be able to tell what I was wearing under my dress-for-success suit and blouse. So, bras became boring and uncomfortable during the week and the fun ones were for Friday and Saturday nights.
I don't remember exactly when, but I started to think of bras as something that I had to wear and not something that I wore for appearance or, God forbid, comfort. I shopped for something that worked for both support and comfort and even had a couple of professional bra fittings. Support, yes but nothing was all that comfortable.
Coming home from my office, I would hang up my suit and often just put on jeans and a t-shirt. I didn't bother changing my underwear though. If I was going out, I'd, of course, dress for the occasion. For a date, I'd think about what he might see if it reached the point of us getting undressed but I knew that he was unlikely to spend a lot of time admiring my bra before he moved on to the contents.
It was a hotter than normal August day when I came home from work. I hadn't run the air conditioning while I was at work so my apartment seemed hotter than normal and I couldn't wait to get out of my girl-boss clothes into something a lot more comfortable. As I changed, I cooled down some as I took off my suit jacket and blouse. My deodorant had worked but my breasts felt hot and sweaty. I decided that a shower was in order so I took off everything. Coming out of the shower, I still felt like the house hadn't cooled down and pulling a t-shirt from my dresser, I decided to say the hell with the bra. So what if my nips showed--I wasn't going anywhere and didn't have plans for anyone to come over.
I should probably mention, I don't like the idea of my boobs flopping around in public but in all honesty, support was less of an issue for me than it is for some women. I was upset when they stopped at a b-cup and in college I actually considered getting implants. Now, I'm happy that they match my size and that they won't sag when I'm older. So, my normal hesitance about going braless is more about what people might think if they noticed.
I pulled on the t-shirt and sat down to eat and watch some TV. It was probably a couple of hours later than it occurred to me that I wasn't readjusting the straps and didn't have any boob sweat.
This was the beginning of a new habit. Now, when I changed out of my office clothes, unless I was going out or having friends over, the bra came off with my blouse.
One evening, the AC was running on high and my nipples were partly erect. Sitting alone, I could feel them rubbing on the material but I had gotten used to the feel and didn't really notice. But I panicked a bit when the doorbell rang. I had a choice of putting something on that would cover up or letting whoever it was see the obvious signs of bralessness.
If you're asking why I cared, now I don't but back then this was new to me. I wasn't expecting any guests and I probably didn't need to stress about some random person selling fundraising tickets or whatever. I decided to just answer the door and if it was a friend or someone who I would ask in, I'd let them in and then go put on something that would be less visible.
It turned out to be one of my neighbors who had borrowed some one of my fancier serving plates. She had invited a new boyfriend over for a fancy dinner and wanted to impress him. I'd have been happy to just take them back at the doorway but it was obvious that she wanted to talk so I asked her in. She started in on the story of her dinner, how much she liked the guy, how grateful she was for the dishes, etc. Stopping her to change clothes was going to be awkward so I let her babble on and hoped that she was so absorbed with her story that she wouldn't notice my nipples which I imagined were sticking out an inch by now. To make a long story short, I don't think she noticed that I was braless or she didn't care.
Around this time, I became aware that, on occasion, I'd be shopping or something and some of the women I was with weren't wearing bras. I'd notice how, beyond nipples poking through, some women's tops would cling to their breasts differently, showing more of their natural shape. I hadn't noticed until I started thinking about going out braless and I suspected that others were as oblivious as I had been or, more likely, they didn't care. That was when I realized that I was probably worrying too much about nothing. It was the beginning of a whole new attitude for me.
So the next weekend, I decided to be brave and for the first time since junior high, I left the house without a bra. The world didn't fall in and no one screamed Jezebel at me so I elected to dress--or undress--for comfort when I felt like it. Let me be clear, I didn't do this wearing thin t-shirts. To the contrary, I shopped for some informal tops and considered whether the material was going to let my nipples poke through. If anyone noticed what I wasn't wearing, they didn't say anything.
The first time I discovered that people knew that the only thing under my top was me came on a date. It was a second date and the first had gone well. At the end of the evening, we were walking through a park, holding hands and enjoying each other's company. In a more or less private area, we leaned in to kiss which sort of got heavier than I'd usually like in public. We were facing each other--my hands were behind his neck and his were around my waist sitting on my hips. As we made out, his hands started moving up and down, rubbing my back. When they reached the level where he would have found a bra strap, he paused, felt around, and then went back to the up and down movement. He was a gentleman and, even if he had figured out that I was braless, didn't say anything or move his hands from my back to my front until our next date (which is another story).

* * * * *

To topless...
Dumping my bra when I got home from work became standard practice for me. I got comfortable enough with the feeling of my unrestrained breasts under my top that, depending on what we were doing, I'd leave my bra at home when going out with friends or even on a date.
That winter, I came home from the office, hung up my suit and put my blouse in the laundry pile. I put my bra aside planning to wear it again before it needed to be washed. Given the chilly weather, I pulled on a wool sweater instead of a thinner fabric shirt.
As I watched TV, I felt itchy. I scratched but the wool kept driving me crazy. I finally pulled off the sweater, intending to go into my bedroom to find something else to wear. My apartment's heater had finally reached a comfortable level and I didn't feel the chill that had led me to put on the sweater in the first place. My show was at an interesting point, and, instead of pausing it, I sat there topless to watch the final minutes of the episode. I, then grabbed a t-shirt which I wore for the rest of the evening.
At work the next day, I felt my mind wandering back to the feeling of being topless. I admitted (to myself that is) that I liked it and wondered why. Pushing limits? Maybe sort of. Taking a risk? Third floor apartment facing the parking lot so probably not. Sexy? Maybe sort of but if no one saw, was it? Something I wanted to do again? Oh yeah!
So, I did. I got home that evening, took off my professional costume, pulled on a pair of jeans, but didn't bother with a top. I turned up the heat and, even though I knew no one could see, gave into a bit of paranoia and closed the curtains. I made dinner and took it into the living room to watch a movie. Even with that distraction, I couldn't get my mind away from knowing that I was sitting there half-naked and found myself touching my bare breasts.
After about a month, being topless at home became my new normal. I had become comfortable without my bra and now began to feel comfortable without a top either. I finally accepted that no one could see in my windows so I didn't bother closing the blinds. I'd even pour a glass of wine and stand at the window, looking out and wondering what someone might think if they could look in.
When summer came, my friend Molly invited me over to sunbathe at her pool. We used to work together and stayed close when she decided to do the stay at home mom thing. Her kids were now older and she ran a small bookkeeping service from her house. The kids had gone to Molly's ex for a month. Her husband Dylan was at work so it was a good time to get together.
We sat at the pool, sipping wine coolers and, when it got too hot, dipping into the pool. I was wearing a bikini and her suit was a boy-shorts bottom with a bandeau bra like top. After doing a couple of laps in the pool, I was reapplying my sunblock and I pulled my bra straps down to try to even my tan on my shoulders.
Molly reached for the pitcher and refilled my wine cooler. "The nice thing about the kids being gone is that I can tan all over without worrying about them coming home."
My first thought was that she somehow knew that I went topless at home but I realized that her comment was about her, not me. "Really? How does that feel?" I asked, feeling like I should say something but not knowing what to say.
"It's nice. I like the warmth there and Dylan likes to hear how I got the all-over tan."
I struggled to find something to say so I just commented "Yeah, I can see that would be nice."
She shrugged. "It's just us girls so feel free if you want."
Hmm. Was she asking if I'd be offended by her going nude or was she really offering thinking that I might want to. I looked around her backyard and noticed that the fencing and hedges made the yard private.
I thought about how comfortable I had gotten being topless around my apartment and decided what the hell. I pulled the bikini's bra straps down the rest of the way and pulled my arms through them. I swiveled it around my body and undid the hooks, dropping it next to the chaise lounge and laid back with my boobs facing up.
Molly had pulled her bandeau over her head. I could see that she didn't have the tan lines I had from sunning with my top on. She dropped her top near mine and tossed me the tube of sunblock. "Real uncomfortable place to get burned!" she warned. I took her advice and applied it to my boobs and my shoulders and she helped where the bra strap had covered my back.
We sat and continued chatting as if there was nothing different than before, as if our breasts weren't showing. We took periodic dips in the pool and, like we had before, we helped each other apply sunblock on our backs. But, it wasn't exactly like before.
The sun was starting to go down and Molly told me that Dylan would be home soon. I took that as a hint that I needed to get dressed if I didn't want to give him a show. I put on my bikini top and a coverup. After declining an invitation to dinner, I drove home thinking of how I had exposed my boobs in public for the first time and wondering when I'd get to do it again.

* * * * *

To bottomless...
When the weather got warmer, my non-work uniform had generally been a light top and shorts but now, it was often just the shorts. One Friday, after a stressful week at work, I was changing out of my work clothes, planning to just pull on the shorts when I had the sudden thought that the shorts didn't cover much more than my panties did so why bother. Why indeed? I left the shorts on the top of my dresser and left the bedroom wearing only panties.
I spent the evening that way and instead of a night shirt, slept that way too. The next day was a Saturday and I had no plans for the weekend. I decided that, except for any errands I might have to run, I'd stay that way until Monday.
You can probably imagine that it didn't take long for me to take this one step further. Actually, it took about two weeks. On a Saturday evening, I stood in front of the sliding glass door to my balcony, sipping wine and wearing nothing but my panties. I was feeling daring but nervous. Finally, I slid open the door and stepped out onto the balcony. I leaned against the balcony wall, checking that there was no one in sight and reached down to pull off my panties. I stood there and finished my wine then came back inside. My daring having turned to arousal, I grabbed my vibrator.
Walking around my house mostly naked became my normal practice and a few times, I took my dinner out on the balcony and ate completely naked. I fantasized about someone watching me but actually, I was still pretty circumspect about showing anything when I went out.
Working from home a couple of days each week gave me some flexibility. I visited with Molly regularly and got used to sitting there with my boobs showing. Walking into her backyard one afternoon, I commented about how nice the pool looked and how much I appreciated being invited. Molly smiled and told me I was always welcome. But, she said "probably better to stick with afternoons since I often skinny dip while I'm doing laps in the morning."
Skinny dipping. When I was growing up, my brothers talked about skinny dipping in a pond near our house but never invited me to join them. Not that I would have gone anyway but according to them, some other girls did.
Maybe Molly was one of those who would have.
"Of course, you're welcome to join me while I do that. I just didn't want to embarrass you if you just showed up."
Um. Okay. Glad that she warned me about that. Glad that she put me on the spot by inviting me to join her. I was doing okay being topless with her but I wasn't ready for bottomless too.
Or was I?
"I'd love to try that if it's okay with you. What time?"
"In case you didn't notice, I'm not exactly shy being naked so come by tomorrow around 11:00 if you want. We can do laps and then have lunch."
We got to the pool and pulled off our cover-ups. I had my bikini underneath and Molly just had her shorts. I took off my top and followed Molly to the edge of the pool. We both slid in and swam around loosened up then did a couple of laps. I loved the warmth of the water and decided that I never wanted to wear a bikini bra again.
After doing a couple of laps, we relaxed, holding onto the side of the pool but not getting out yet. We continued our conversation from yesterday about a movie that we had both seen. Molly reached down and I realized that she had removed her swim shorts. She tossed it toward her chaise lounge but it missed and landed on the side of the pool.
She kicked off from the side and went back to swimming laps. If it had been anyone else besides Molly and if I hadn't been walking around naked at home, including outside on the balcony, I probably wouldn't have done it. It was and I had been, so I pulled my bikini bottom off and swam toward the other end of the pool. It felt great!
After a few more laps, Molly and I pulled ourselves out of the pool and sitting on the chaise lounges, applied our sunblock. I wasn't sure how to apply it down there and finally smeared it around my public hair hoping that would be enough. Last place I'd want to get sunburned. I glanced over at Molly to see how she managed this and noticed that she was hairfree and was applying the sunblock to her vulva and right up to her labia. Something to think about.
"Okay, so I have noticed that you aren't shy. Have you always been that way?"
"I guess I have been. I went swimming naked with my boyfriend in high school." She giggled. "He saw my boobs before he got to touch them. Also, I married someone who felt comfortable walking around the house naked so I started to also. When we got this house and had our own pool, we never wore suits if we were alone."
"Sorry if I'm getting nosy but you seem comfortable being naked even with me here. Is it just me?"
"Well, you are a good friend and I do feel comfortable with you. But we know a couple of other couples who like to skinny dip so we've had them over. We met them at a clothing optional resort and got to be friends. We don't have group sex or anything but we're all happy to be able to dump our clothes."
Clothing optional resort? Wow. I pictured the swimming pool at my apartment complex and wondered if anyone ever snuck out late at night to skinny dip. I couldn't imagine myself doing that when I might get caught. But, I was intrigued by being able to walk around topless. Maybe bottomless. Was that legal?
When I got home, I hopped on-line and did some research. First, was it legal? That depended on where you lived. In some places, women could legally walk down the street topless. Other states allowed part of the breast to show as long as the nipples were covered. Other states were more uptight and required full coverage.
I shouldn't have been surprised but there was a movement to "free the nipple" and not have any requirements. They demanded what they called "top-free" laws that don't differentiate between men and women so if the guys don't need shirts, neither do the girls. There was even an annual protest where some woman stood out in public places without their tops. Okay, yes I thought about that for five or ten seconds before I decided that there is no way I'd do it.
I hadn't asked Molly about these resorts and I assumed that I'd have to go to France or some other place in Europe to find a place. Actually, there are a bunch of them around the US and, to my surprise, found that there was one just a couple of hours from me.
I spent an hour looking at its website before chickening out. I went back to it a few times and chickened out again. Finally, I created an account on the website, checked my calendar for an upcoming long weekend, and reached for my credit card.

* * * * *

To naked
Oh my God. Did I really make a reservation at a clothing optional resort? That was my first thought when I woke up. Yes, I did. Now, would I go through with it before I chickened out again.
The date got closer and I went back and forth. I really wanted to try walking around naked in public. I was terrified about walking around naked in public. Molly and I were now going full frontal so I got used to the feeling but didn't know if I'd panic with people I didn't know.
Plus, what would it be like to see naked men walking around? Would they have erections all the time? The reviews on the resort's website were reassuring there. They pointed out that the people at the resort were just normal people, they weren't all movie star gorgeous. They just happened to be naked.
The reviews also let me know that clothing optional didn't mean naked all the time. One of the dining rooms and some of the more public area required being dressed. Some people were topless but not fully naked and some wore clothes depending on what they were doing.
So, the night before, I packed for my trip. I wondered about packing for being naked but decided I'd bring the clothes that I'd bring if it wasn't clothing optional. I just might bring them home without wearing them.
I hit the road and, getting in the spirit of things, wore shorts (with panties, of course) and a t-shirt (but no bra). I pulled into the resort's parking lot and parked. From the front, it just looked like any other resort type hotel. I walked into the lobby and there was a clerk behind the desk and a couple of people were standing there. They were all fully dressed.
I handed over my credit card and signed the form I was handed. The clerk handed me my keycard and a brochure and asked me to wait a minute for the manager. She stepped out shortly and greeted me. She described some of the facilities and services, told me that there would be a gathering for first-timers that evening at the lakeside. She explained which areas were clothing optional and which weren't. Finally, she told me that they had a zero-tolerance policy about harassing behavior and told me that I should report anyone who made me uncomfortable.
I took my bag and carried it to my room which looked like any nice hotel room. I put away my clothes, wondering if I'd wear them and decided to walk around the grounds.
Uh, yeah. Walk around the grounds. Wearing what?
I wasn't ready to go full naked yet but I also knew that I hadn't paid the resort's fee to chicken out now. I decided to ease into things by starting off topless. Bottomless could come later.
So, I pulled off my top and changed my shorts for a bikini bottom. The keycard came with a lanyard (doh--no pockets, right?) and I put in over my head, opened the door, and walked out. The sound of the door closing behind me felt like the movie image of the prison door closing but I walked toward the elevator. I was very self-conscious but I was determined to do it.
I got out at the first floor and was met by a sign pointing to the lobby in one direction and resort facilities and dining services in the other. The lobby sign was clearly marked "clothes required" but I was going in the other direction.
I hadn't stopped for lunch on my drive so I decided to look for a sandwich. The resort's signage made it easy to find where I was going and led me to a combination deli and mini-mart. There were two workers behind the deli counter and a cashier in front. The two women were topless and the guy was wearing a really brief brief. Two customers were eating at a table, both naked.
I ordered my sandwich and a drink and sat down at one of the two person tables. My back was to the wall so I could watch comings and goings. Two naked guys came in and ordered food and a naked older woman picked up some stuff at the mini-mart.
I finished my meal and decided to resume my exploration. I followed the signs and exited the building to a large swimming pool. There were chaise lounges scattered around it. From the pool area, I could see the resort's lake, with a line of row boats and canoes. Closer, there were two beach volleyball courts but they weren't in use.
One end of the pool had a low diving board and the other end was walled off to a hot tub. There was a stack of towels available near the door and I grabbed one, spreading it on a chaise lounge and placing my bag over it to claim my space. I then eased into the hot tub.
Ahhhh. I've always loved soaking in the bathtub and the hot tub felt great. Being topless made it feel better. I closed my eyes and relaxed but opened them when I felt a couple of people joining me. I could see that the woman was also topless but since they had gotten into the water before I saw, I don't know if they were bottomless too. I fought off a blip of discomfort and then returned the woman's smile. She introduced herself and her husband and then we each returned to our quiet enjoyment of the hot water.
The guy got up and sat on the edge of the hot tub and I discovered that he was naked. I didn't want to stare but I took a quick look at this crotch and saw a shriveled penis. I know that the idea of a clothing optional resort was to be comfortable not sexual in our nudity but I still found it exciting.
I decided that I was ready to swim a few laps and then work on my tan for a while. I left the hot tub but before getting into the pool, I decided that I was ready to go all in. I slid my bikini bottom down my legs and stepped out of it. I left it with my bag and swam for a while then put sunblock everywhere I could reach and relaxed on the chaise lounge. My boobs were facing up and anyone walking by could see my vag. Wow.
I alternated tanning and swimming for the afternoon, including some time relaxing in the hot tub. It was just plain relaxing after a couple of stressful weeks at work, not counting the fact that I (and almost everyone around me) was naked.
It was getting close to dinner time, so I went back to my room, took a quick shower, and dressed for dinner. The main dining room did require clothes. The resort's welcome brochure said that, while clothing was required, there was no other dress code. I decided to go with shorts and a t-shirt, no bra.
There were some tables where a couple of small groups were sitting. The hostess, noting that I was alone asked if I wanted a table of my own or to join "the crew," a group table for singles who didn't want to eat alone. I opted for the group, figuring that maybe I'd be able to make some friends.
The hostess led me to a long table where three people were sitting. They were chatting as I sat down and immediately introduced themselves and brought me into the conversation. Two other singles joined us as we ordered our dinner. Two of the group had played beach volleyball earlier and were setting a time to play the next day. They asked if anyone else wanted to play and, having played volleyball in high school, I jumped right in as did one of the guys. We settled on a time to meet and Jenna, one of them volunteered to reserve the court.
Jenna glanced down at my chest and offered some good advice. "I usually try to avoid clothes as much as I can here but I do wear a sports bra for some of the sports." I mirrored her glance and thought that if my boobs were that big I would too but I figured that I'd try to play without any support and see how it felt.
There was a comedian performing later that night and some of "the crew" decided we'd meet there. I went back to my room and changed my clothes for the show. Okay, I took off the clothes that I had worn for dinner and went to meet my new friends.
The next day was similar to the first. I slept in and, wearing my bikini went to the dining room for a late breakfast. I then went to relax at the pool until the volleyball game. Walking out of my room naked no longer felt weird--well, it did but not as much--but undressing at the pool still absolutely felt weird.
When it was time for the volleyball game, I picked up my things and walked over to the courts. One was in use and I watched the two teams--one guy and one girl each--going at it. Both of the guys and one girl were naked and one of the girls was wearing only a sports bra. My friends from last night wondered over and we began to warm up, hitting the ball back and forth before beginning the game.
I remembered how hot and sweaty I could get playing volleyball and playing naked didn't seem to make much of a difference. We played for about an hour until and then, as a group, dove into the pool and then sat on the pool chairs and relaxed.
I enjoyed this group and was glad that I had connected with them at dinner. I was particularly attracted to Will. It seemed mutual since, when the others left the pool, he pulled his chair next to me and we continued to flirt and chat.
He told me that he was sorry that we had agreed to meet the others in the dining room since he was hoping to spend time with me. I felt the same way and we decided that we'd bail on any after dinner group activities and go for a walk on the beach.
At dinner, we all again sat at the group table. A couple of people from the previous night had left but we were joined by others. There were suggestions about going to the night's entertainment or maybe a moonlight canoe ride. Will and I declined, getting a knowing grin from some of the others.
We agreed to dump our dinner clothes and meet near the path to the beach. I joined him wearing nothing but sandals. We walked along the lakeside continuing our talk as if we hadn't stopped. I've been on plenty of dates where I knew my date was hoping to get me naked but starting an evening with a guy when neither of us were dressed was different. Not good or bad--just different. Okay, maybe it was sort of good too.
I wanted to see where things might go so I "stumbled" on the sand, allowing him to catch me by grabbing my waist so that I didn't fall. I thanked hm and put my hand over his arm keeping him there. We continued our walk with our arms around each other.
We reached the end of the beach and turned to walk back to the resort building. By time we got there, our hips were even closer and there was no doubt that we'd go to his room or mine. Yes, that's what happened. Sex is sort of different too when you've both been naked together all day.
I thought back to how I had changed in the past four years. From wearing professional clothes designed to show nothing, to going braless, then topless, and then bottomless. From feeling daring being naked in my own home, to being naked with a friend, to being comfortable while naked with strangers.
But tomorrow, I'll drive home and then next day, I'll be in my office. Fully dressed but dreaming of nudity.