When Jack and I left the club at around 4AM, I had spent most of the last 4 hours naked, in front of guys from school. I had heels on, but nothing else for most of that time. Jack had me take his arm as we walked to his car, he opened the door for me. That made me feel like I was his girlfriend. He closed the door, walked around and got in. Then he turned to me...
"Take off your dress."
No sweet talk, no honey, baby, nothing like that. Just take off your dress. It was the only thing that I had on. He told me to leave my thong, the one that he had bought for me, in the club. I hadn't worn a bra either.
I reached behind my back, undid and unzipped it. Pulled it down, exposing my tits and then pushed it over my hips and down. I lifted my feet out of it.
"Give it to me."
I shivered, picked it up and handed it to him. Then I watched as he reached back, then dropped it in the backseat.
"Put your seat belt on, then turn towards me and spread your legs."
I did that, showing him my bare tits and pussy once more. It made me feel horny. And Jack sure enjoyed seeing me naked again. I had my left leg up and pressed against the seat, my right leg down on the floor. My nipples, as usual, were erect. I almost thought I was going to leak.
"Get your shoes off, Sabine. I want you bare ass."
I hurriedly slipped off my shoes and he took them and dropped them in the back seat too. I had nothing at all on, nothing.
Jack chuckled, started the car and took off. We had to drive through the down town district from the club, towards campus. Jack tried to stop at every light and when we did, he would turn and look at me, look at me naked and smirk. It was scary, embarrassing, and a huge turn on. I was just hoping that we didn't get stopped by a cop on the way to campus.
He turned onto a residential street and slowed.
"Undo the seat belt and get your hands and knees facing me."
I did that and gasped as he reached over and began to fondle my tits and nipples. I felt like a cow, with my tits dangling under my chest, but his hands on me felt really, really good. I just knelt there and let him feel me, eyes closed, not paying attention to where we were, if there were any cars around us. It just felt so damn good.
"Turn around and face the window, still on your hands and knees."
I did that and whimpered as I felt his hand on my pussy.
"Legs further apart Sabine."
I moved my knees apart and then I felt his finger slide up me. I laid my fore head on the door and let him do what he wanted to me, which was a nice slow finger fuck. I could even hear how wet I was. That was really embarrassing. And all the while he is driving slowly down this street, I am bare ass naked, getting finger fucked.
It seemed to take forever, but we finally got to campus and in the parking lot. It was lit fairly well, but it was now about 4:30AM. Jack parked and looked at me, hands and knees, naked. He chuckled. Then he got out and walked around the car. He hadn't told me that I could move so I stayed on my hands and knees. He opened my door.
"Get on your back, legs open."
I did as I was told. He chuckled again. Here I was bare ass, legs spread, in a campus parking lot with a guy that I just knew, kind of. Not a boyfriend or anything, just a guy that I knew.
"What do you think is going to happen now Sabine?"
"You're, um, going to fuck me?"
"Good girl."
I watched as Jack unzipped and struggled to get his stiff cock out of his pants. It finally was out and he pushed it down and ran it between my pussy lips.
"Are you on birth control?"
"No."
"Do I have a condom on?"
"No."
He pushed the tip down and slid it inside me. I gasped and moved my hips up to help him get it in.
"I'm going to fuck you Sabine, bare, and I am going to cum inside you."
"OK."
"You don't care? You could get pregnant."
"I know."
"Want me to pull out?"
"No."
"Want me to cum in you?"
"If you want."
Then Jack began to pump me, reached down and grasped both my tits and squeezed them, his hard cock thrusting in and out of me. I grabbed his upper arms and worked my hips up and down, helping him fuck me. Naked, in a parking lot, fairly well lit, on campus, a religious school. If someone came by I would most likely get expelled. I didn't really care. It just felt good. It felt really good to have his stiff cock thrusting in and out of me.
It seemed like a long time, but I am sure it wasn't until he stiffened even more and then I felt him twitching inside me and knew that he was cumming inside me. All the while he had been feeling my tits and nipples while he pumped me. And now he had shot a load of cum right up inside me. Jack looked down at me and chuckled again.
"Are you easy, Sabine?"
I felt my face heat up from embarrassment.
"Yes."
I felt him ease back and then his cum began to leak out of me, out of my hole and down my ass crack. Jack looked and chuckled again, took out his phone and snapped a picture of me with his cum leaking out of me.
"Clean me off."
I got out of the car, squatted in front of him and sucked and licked him clean. All the while cum was oozing out of me, down my thighs. After a bit he took my mouth off of him. Chuckled again.
"Get your dress and make sure the car seat is clean."
So, naked as the day I was born, outside, on campus, I opened the back door, got my dress and wiped up the cum on the car seat, still bare ass. By now Jack had put his cock away. Then he let me get my shoes, put them on, held out his hand for my dress. I gave it to him and he had me walk to my dorm, naked but for shoes. While we walked he felt my bare ass.
"Tomorrow, Sabine, I want you to do something naughty. Think you can do that for me?"
"I suppose."
"Think about it until class this morning and then do it sometime today. You can tell me about it tonight."
"OK."
Then Jack took my dress that he was holding, pushed it between my legs and wiped the cum that had run out of me. It made my dress sticky and somewhat wet. He crumpled it up to spread the cum around as much as possible then looked at me, smirking. He held my dress out to me.
"Put it on Sabine. Feel the cum on your skin."
I took it and put it on. It felt icky. But it was Jack's. He felt my tits through the dress once again and left me. I put on my dress, it felt icky with the cum on it. I walked into my dorm and then to my room.
I took off my dress and got a towel, wrapped myself in it, got another towel and walked to the main shower room on the floor. Then I showered and got the cum off of me. Then went back to my room.
All the while I was thinking about naughty. About what Jack had told me to do today. Something naughty.
It was around 6AM so I laid down on my bed naked and for the first time in my life, I masturbated myself to orgasm. When Jack did me it was just for him, for him to get off. He didn't worry about me, about whether it was good for me. He just wanted to get inside me and cum. Actually, I was good with that. It made me feel good to make him feel good. And I liked how it felt when he came inside me.
After I had cum I thought more about being nasty, naughty and came up with a sort of plan that I would have to probably change on the fly depending on how things went.
I found a pullover top and a wrap skirt, ankle socks and low heels. I got dressed, still not having any underwear. I went to breakfast at the cafeteria and went to my first class. I was getting both excited and nervous since my plan involved my religion class. What I was going to do was not going to be very religious at all.
I knew that a couple of guys from my religion class had been at the club last night. That they had seen me. I got there early and picked one out. I walked up to him.
"Sit with me in the back today?"
He looked at me, mentally stripping off my clothes.
When it was time for class to start I walked in, all the way to the back. The class had tables for two for the students. I looked to see that he was following me. He was. I went to the far back, on the left side and took the chair nearest the wall, leaving him the one adjacent to the aisle. I sat down, pushing my skirt back so my bare ass was on the chair seat. He sat next to me. I let him think while class started. Maybe 10 minutes in I took a sheet from a notebook and wrote on it.
"Want to see my tits?"
I pushed the note over to him. He read it and looked at me, grinning. I turned sideways to the front of class, rested my left elbow on the table, blocking my body from the front and pulled my shirt out of my skirt. Then I slowly lifted it, baring my tits to him. Fuck, I was so horny! I let him look for a bit at my tits and erect nipples. Then I pulled my shirt down. I turned back to the front and then pulled my skirt up on the side towards him.
I bared my leg from the floor all the way up to my hip. He had to know that I had nothing on under it. But just to make sure, I took his hand and placed it on my bare hip. I wrote another note to him...
"You can move your hand around, but no real touching..."
I felt his hand go back and fondle my ass. He lifted up my skirt in the back and leaned back to look at me. He had to see my ass crack. I shivered as I felt his hand run across my bare ass.
Then his hand moved forward and under my skirt at the front. I kept my thighs together but let him run his hand across my abdomen, feeling bare skin. It felt good, risky, but good. I wrote him another note...
"Want to see it all after class?"
He smirked at me and removed his hand. I was almost shaking. I didn't know this guy well at all. I was taking a large chance. But it was really naughty, really really naughty.
After class ended I walked out with him, led him to the back stairs. I knew that on the 4th floor that no one would be there. We went up the stairs, he was behind me, looking at my ass. I found an empty classroom and led him in, closed the door and walked to the back. I pushed study tables up and set a chair for him at one side of the room.
I took a deep breath and bent over, maybe 6 feet from him and took off my shoes, then my ankle socks. The socks went in my shoes. I looked at him and took off my top, my tits and nipples bared. I folded the shirt up, seeing him staring at my bare tits. Then I unbuttoned the first two buttons of the wrap skirt, then the one inside. I looked at him again and pulled it open, baring my pussy. Then I folded it up and put it on the shirt, then on top of that went my shoes with the ankle socks.
I was completely naked. I picked up my clothes and walked over to him, set the clothes on the table to his left. Completely bare ass.
He had a huge grin on his face. I moved back, about 6 feet away and lowered myself. Leaning back on my hands I moved my feet about 3 feet apart and then lifted my ass up so he could see the entire front of me, the bare ass naked me. Legs spread, globes of my ass down, my pussy crack displayed, tits bare, everything bare.
"You can take pictures if you want."
I never saw a smart phone come out so fast! He started taking pictures of me acting like a whore. I was completely naked, spread and letting him do it. I actually let him pose me as he wanted. First braced up on my arms and legs, every thing I had showing.
Then on my back, legs spread wide, resting on my elbows so my face was easily visible.
On my hands and knees, partially sideways so my ass, pussy and asshole showed, with one tit dangling and my face in view.
I even went as far as to pull my pussy lips apart when I was on my back so the pink showed, my open hole and how wet I was doing this.
I have no idea how many pictures he took, but I didn't try to hide who I was, my face was in plain sight for all of them. And he seemed to really enjoy taking them while looking at my naked body.
I was in that class room for around 30 minutes, bare ass naked for him. And I knew that he would be showing his friends every picture he had taken of me. I cared but I didn't care if that makes any sense. I was nervous, kind of scared doing this but also aroused. My nipples had never gone down and I knew that I was really wet.
And, at the end, I motioned him between my legs, braced up on arms and legs and let him feel my tits. I just said to him...
"I am not having sex with you..."
He was feeling my tits, smirking at me, looking down at my bare pussy. Rubbing my stiff nipples. He started to run a hand down my body towards my pussy.
"No, don't. I'll do other stuff."
He chuckled. Then he reached down for my hand and I took his, he pulled me to my feet, still naked, nothing on at all. I looked at the small pile of my clothes as he pulled me to the front of the classroom.
"Get on your hands and knees, facing the door."
I did it, stupid of me. He walked to the door and opened it. I started to get scared but also really turned on. My clothes were like 30 feet away from me.
"Your tits look fat hanging down like that."
I said nothing.
"Lower your head down."
I did that.
"Your ass looks really big and fat when you're like that."
This time I moaned, it was humiliating to hear that.
He walked up to me, squatted and lifted a tit up. Then he let it drop. It bounced and swayed under me. Then he lifted the other tit, did the same thing, chuckling.
"Stand up and bend over facing me/"
As he walked back towards the door, the open door. I did that too.
"Swing your upper body back and forth."
I did that, feeling my tits swinging back and forth, slapping together. It was humiliating, arousing. God, my nipples were hard! He was laughing at me, the stupid cow in front of him! The stupid naked cow!
Then he told to me to turn around and bend over, feet wide apart. Which I did. I heard him walk up behind me and then his hands on my ass cheeks. He pulled them apart, chuckling.
"Just wanted to see both of your holes."
I could feel his hot breath on my ass, my asshole, my pussy, his face was that close to me.
"How gutsy are you?"
"I don't know."
"Walk out of the classroom."
It was during the day, classes going on below this floor. Did I dare to do it?
I got upright and looked at him, then the door. I walked to the door, looked left and right, then stepped out of the classroom. He followed me.
"Walk to the main stairs, then back to the back and then back here."
I must have looked very scared because he laughed and called me chicken.
And then I did it. I was totally naked and walking in the hallway of the fourth floor of the religion building. Up to the top of the main stairs, turned, walked the length of the hall to the back and then turned and walked back to him. I hadn't noticed, but he had taken more pictures of me walking. I stepped by him and back into the classroom. Walked in a ways, got down on my hands and feet, the front of me up, spread my legs wide and let him look at the bare ass me again. Tits and pussy out in the open, globes of my ass hanging down. Legs spread wide. Nipples hard as diamonds. Really aroused. So much so that I really wanted to fuck. But I didn't.
I watched him take more pictures of me, spread out and naked. I waited until I asked him if he was done and then I got up and walked to my clothes. I had spent 40 minutes naked in front of a guy that I didn't even know his name. I put on my ankle socks first, then my shoes, prolonging being naked in front of him. Then my top, but leaving it above my tits, then my skirt. Then I finally pulled down my top and walked out of the classroom.
Once I got out of the religion building, I started thinking how dumb I had to be to let him see me naked, letting him take pictures of me besides. But it made me so damn horny doing that.
I went to my classes that afternoon and after the last one I went to the restaurant on campus, the one where Jack and the other guys had taken me into the men's room and had me strip nude in the handicapped stall.
I saw the guy from the morning sitting at a round table with a notebook computer on it and several other guys standing behind him. He saw me and waved me over. I went to him and he had a picture of me up on the computer and several other guys that I didn't know standing and looking at me. Yeah, I was bare ass. Then he hit a button and a slide show started. All of me. All of me bare ass naked. Face in plain sight along with everything else. Legs spread wide and pussy on display.
"Is that you?"
"Yes."
"Nice tits."
"Yeah and nice twat too."
"When did you get naked for these pictures?"
"This morning."
"Does he have something on you?"
"Something?"
"Like blackmail."
"No. I just got naked in front of him."
Laughter as they watched all the nude pictures of me go by.
"So, you want to do it for us too?"
"You have a place?"
"Why not where these were taken?"
"Because I don't want to go back there now."
I was getting aroused, standing there, as pictures of the naked me scrolled on and on. How nasty would it be to get naked for, um, eight new guys?
"Can you sneak me into a ground floor dorm room?"
A few of them huddled together. In a couple of minutes...
"Yeah. We can."
"Let's go then. But I have to leave by 5:30."
"That gives us a couple of hours."
"And I don't fuck."
"But you'll get naked in front of guys that you're not dating and for nothing. Just because, right?"
"Yeah, just because."
I walked with the group of them. This was going to be really nasty. So I decided to make it as bad as possible.
They smuggled me into a dorm, first floor, a suite with a bedroom and a study/living room. I looked around at them, there were nine of them. Nine horny, oversexed college boys. And I was thinking bad thoughts.
"OK, you three."
I pointed to three of them.
"Strip me. Take everything off me."
They came at me like crazed chimps and I had to stop them.
"Don't rip or tear anything. I won't try to stop you, just get my clothes off of me. But I want nothing on, nothing at all. That includes my shoes and ankle socks."
Now they were a little calmer. My top was pushed up, my arms lifted, my tits popped out, the top over my head and then pulled down my arms. It got tossed behind them. My skirt came next, unbuttoned and it took a little figuring from them, but they finally found the inside button and that came undone, the skirt falling to the floor.
Some one cleared off a study table and my ass was pushed up on it, then my upper body pushed down. Two of them took my ankles and pulled them apart, flipping my shoes off, then tugging off my ankle socks. I was completely naked again. I watched one of them pick up my socks and skirt and move them as far away from me as was possible.
And just to make it easy for them I lifted my feet up and put them flat on the study table, outside of my hips. I leaned back on my elbows with my legs open. My tits lolled to the sides of my chest, my cunt was in the open, just a seam, a crack. But my cunt was swollen, puffy, and reddish. I had no hair on it, but even if I did, my hair was so light and not at all full, it would have concealed nothing. My cunt was just right there, exposed. And of course, my traitorous nipples were erect, as usual.
They all clustered around me, staring, grinning.
"You can touch my tits and nipples. But go easy, you've got two hours."
I watched from side to side as they squeezed and fondled my tits, chuckling and then...I felt something at my crack. I looked down and one of them had his cock out and was rubbing the tip between my lips.
"No! No fucking!"
"I'm just going to rub it here. Relax."
Fuck! I was so turned on! The tip of his cock kept hitting my clit, sending what felt like an electric shock through my body. And he made sure it kept hitting my clit, over and over. With the tit fondling and the cock between my lips I was going to go over the edge, I knew that I was.
I closed my eyes and began to work my hips up and down, meeting the cock slipping through my now wet lips. I knew that they had to be glistening from how wet I was getting. In just a few minutes I started to cum. As I worked my hips harder against the bare cock...
"OH FUCK, stick it in, stick it in!"
And he did, he found my hole and pushed forward and I was so wet it just slid right up my cunt. It felt so fucking good! Hard and hot and buried right up inside me. My ass was up off the table, thrust against him...
"Pump me, fucking pump me, pump me!"
And he did, pumping his cock in and out of me. Sadly, he didn't last long. I felt him harden more and then the spurting inside me. He was cumming inside me, bare, shooting his sperm right up, he was buried in me up to his balls. He pulled out when he was done cumming and I felt the sperm oozing out, down my ass crack.
I looked down, another one was between my legs, cock out, stiff.
"Do it, stick it in me. Pump it inside me!"
Another cock went up inside me, inside my greasy hole, coated with another guy's cum. And started thrusting inside me. And I was bucking my ass up and down back at him.
"Jesus, just keep fucking me, fuck me hard, fuck me good!"
I looked around and saw four more cocks, stiff hard cocks, just waiting. The second guy blew his load inside me, backed up and another one went right up inside me.
The first guy was on the table to my left, his wet flaccid cock by my face.
"Suck it."
I turned my head, opened my mouth and let him shove it in. The second one was on my right, grasped my head and pulled me off the cock I was sucking and fed his to me. I felt the third one shoot inside me and pull out and another take it's place. Cum was just rolling out of my hole. My ass was so wet with cum it wasn't funny.
Cock after cock went up me, fucked me, and I kept sucking any cock that was close to my face. Cock after cock came inside me. Cock after cock was shoved in my mouth and I sucked and sucked. Naked, fucking and sucking.
The ones not fucking me or getting sucked were snapping pictures with their cell phones, pictures of the whore, the naked whore getting gang banged.
And when I didn't have a cock in my mouth I was chanting...
"Fuck my fucking cunt, fuck that cunt, fuck it, stick your cock up that fucking cunt, fuck it, fuck that cunt!"
It was like I was insane. Once he made me cum, the first guy, all I could think of was getting fucked, feeling a stiff cock up inside me. And I never think of condoms when I am turned on, never. And all the guys were chuckling, watching me take cock after cock, sucking cocks, and having a filthy mouth.
"Fuck my fucking cunt, fuck it, fuck that cunt, fuck that cunt!"
And the best part was after I came the first time, the orgasms just kept coming. About every fifteen minutes I came again. The bad part was that I had gotten so sloppy from how wet I was and all the sperm shot in me that the last four or five guys I could hardly feel, I was so wide open, so greasy and slick. But I still could feel their balls slapping against my ass.
And when the last one shot off inside me and no one climbed on for another go at the whore I rolled up on my side, slid off the study table and started licking up the cum that had run out of me. Which started them laughing again at me. I didn't fucking care. I even put one hand between my legs to catch more of the cum dripping out of me and licked my hand off too.
My ass was drenched in sperm. My ass crack was soaked with it. There was sperm running down my legs. I finally got some sense back and looked up at the nine of them. Most of them had their cocks put away since I had sucked almost all of them clean, but a couple still had theirs dangling out of their pants. I crawled over to one of them and shoved the cock in my mouth and began to suck again. I was mindless, too much into the sex, the fucking and sucking to even think about what I was doing. Naked and fucked, a willing hole for any cock available.
And the fucker got hard again, pried me off his cock, moved behind me and shit, the fucker went up me again. The other guy with his cock out walked up to me. I was on my hands and knees getting banged again and he tilted my head up. I looked and saw his cock and just opened my mouth and in it went. I started sucking while the other guy was banging me.
This time the guy lasted forever fucking me, probably because he had already shot off once and because I was so wide open and greasy. The guy in my mouth came before the one in my pussy and I swallowed it, gagging a bit from the spurts hitting the back of my throat. But finally the guy in my pussy shot off again, more sperm in my pussy.
I glanced at my watch and saw that I was twenty minutes late to meet Jack. I got up and grabbed a towel in the bedroom, still naked and wiped as much of the cum off of me as I could. It was still oozing out of me though. I found my skirt and top, ankle socks and shoes, got dressed. I stopped at the door to the suite. Looked at them...
"This isn't happening again guys. I guarantee you that."
And then I left, hurrying to Jack's dorm.
By the time I got there I was a half hour late and Jack was outside waiting for me.
"Where the hell have you been?"
"I was delayed."
"Obviously."
Jack took my hand and walked me inside, up to the second floor to his suite. We got inside and he closed the door, grinning at me.
"Strip."
"I don't want to right now Jack."
I wasn't clean, I still was leaking cum and I didn't want Jack to know.
He stepped up to me, tugged my top out of my skirt and up over my head, down my arms and off. Then he undid my skirt and let it fall on the floor. He looked me up and down, stared right at my pussy. He looked up at me and frowned.
"Is that cum in you?"
I hung my head, embarrassed.
"Yes."
"Who fucked you, Sabine."
So I told him about me being naughty with the first guy, showing him my tits in class, then offering to let him see it all after class. Going up to the 4th floor and stripping off for him. Told Jack how I posed for him, that I told him that he could take pictures of me.
Then after my last class in the restaurant, seeing him again, with the other guys around him, motioning me over and playing a slide show of all the pictures to me and the guys with him.
That they asked me if I would show them too. That I said if they had a place. And going to the dorm, going into a suite with the nine of them. That I told them to strip me, which they were more than happy to do. Being put on the table, bare ass naked, legs open. That I told them that they could feel my tits and while that was going on that one of them put his cock between my pussy lips. Rubbed it up and down between my lips and when I came, I couldn't help myself.
"You let them fuck you?"
"Sort of, I guess."
"Did they all fuck you?"
"I don't know for sure. Part of the time I was sucking cocks."
"You took them bare and you aren't on birth control?"
"Yeah, I guess."
Then I told him what I said when I got really turned on and Jack burst out laughing. I was embarrassed. He thought it was funny.
"You're a dirty little slut Sabine. Do you even know who they were?"
"No."
"So, nine guys that you don't know their names just fucked you."
"I guess."
"Get your shoes and socks off too Sabine."
I took them off and Jack led me to the door to the shared bathroom. There were three showers in there, along with toilets and sinks. Jack had me get in the first shower, on my back on the floor of it, legs up and spread and he turned the water on and pointed the spray right at my pussy.
"Pull your twat open so the water cleans out your twat."
So I did, with the shower door open in a guy's shower room for several suites in a guy's dorm. I've got my pussy pulled open and a guy walks in, starts to go by, stops, looks at me, naked, pussy pulled open. He walks back out, then in few seconds he's back in with two other guys. Jack and three guys are now looking at me, naked, water hitting my pussy, tits lolling to the sides of my chest.
They all watched me. I just closed my eyes so I couldn't see them. I felt my face heat up. Finally Jack turned off the water.
"Get up and get out Sabine."
I did and looked at the others. Fuck I was embarrassed! But really, really turned on at the same time. From the water hitting my pussy and that I was nude in front of more guys.
Jack took me back into his suite and looked at me, tossed me a towel, leaned back and watched me dry off.
"I was going to fuck you tonight Sabine, but it would probably be like sticking my cock into the Grand Canyon. But, you've got another hole, don't you?"
I just stared at him. I didn't believe what he was referring to. He just grinned at me, then took my hand and led me out to the living/study room. He backed me up to a study table, grasped the underside of my thighs and lifted me up on it.
"Spread your legs Sabine."
I was still thinking about the other hole and just did it, almost automatically. Jack pulled a chair up, sat down and stared at my pussy. Then he reached out with both hands and pulled my pussy lips open.
"Just want to see how well you cleaned the cum out of your cunt Sabine."
I just sat there stupidly while Jack looked right up in my pussy. Still totally naked, like I always seem to be around Jack. I was so used to being naked in front of him it really didn't bother me much anymore. But him spreading my lips and peering inside me like he was was so much different than what I was used to, I started to turn red. I felt hot all over but especially my face.
And then the door opened and two guys walked in on us. And now I really did turn bright red, since I was naked and Jack was pulling my pussy lips open, staring right up my pussy.
I had seen the two of them immediately. Because of the sound the door made while opening. They could see my face and tits and my legs spread wide on either side of Jack. But not my pussy. Not yet.
But I knew that Jack was not going to let me get up and he probably was not going to let go of my pussy lips either. He liked to embarrass and humiliate me if he could. And he sure was going to be able to do it right now because the two guys were walking up behind him, grinning.
Yeah, they got to either side of him and could look down, seeing my spread open pussy. My bare tits, my bare everything.
"What the hell are you doing Jack?"
"Inspecting. Tell them what I am inspecting Sabine."
I closed my eyes and took a breath. A deep breath, then let it out.
"He's checking to see if my pussy is clean."
They laughed.
"Sabine, I told you how to describe this. Try again."
I closed my eyes again, I was going to hate this, hate it.
"He's checking to see if my cunt is clean."
They laughed again, looking at the pink inside of my pussy.
"You fucking her Jack?"
"Sabine?"
"Yes, he's fucked me."
I don't think I could have gotten any more red than I was. Seeing me was one thing, admitting about sex was something else.
"How many guys have you fucked girl?"
I moaned. Jack would expect me to answer that, truthfully.
"I don't know."
"Why not?"
"Sabine?"
Ah God...
"Because a bunch of guys, um, fucked me this afternoon. There was nine of them there, but I am not sure if they all fucked me. If they all did, it's, um, thirteen. But it could be less than that."
"Tell them why I am checking to see if your cunt is clean."
I moaned again.
"Because they all came in me. The ones that fucked me."
"You took them all bare Sabine?"
"Yes."
"Are you on birth control?"
"No."
"Did you suck cock too?"
"Yes."
"How many?"
"I don't know. I just sucked whatever was in front of me."
"So, you're pretty much a slut, right Sabine?"
"I guess so. I mean, after they made me cum the first time, I wasn't thinking too clearly."
A lot of laughter.
"Um, Jack, why don't you move so they can see my p... cunt better."
God, I really hate that word! It is so nasty, but really very appropriate to what I had been talking about. With what I had done, what I had admitted to, I was a slut, a dirty cunt.
As much as I hated the word cunt, when I said it, it gave me a twinge of arousal. I knew that when I said it out loud that it gave me an extra jolt. I remembered that from earlier today when the guys were banging me and I was chanting, "fuck that fucking cunt, fuck that cunt, fuck it, fuck that cunt".
Jack moved back and the two who had come in a caught us, moved up and were looking down at my pussy. My pussy is sort of fat, maybe more correct is meaty. It's slightly red. But when I get played with, play with it, get aroused, it seems to get more red. A deeper red. I have no hair on it at all, because Jack had shaved me bare and even if I had hair on it, it's blond enough and sparse enough that it hid nothing at all. It was a seam normally, looked like it went right down to my ass crack. As I got aroused, though, it opened a bit so the inner lips showed just a bit. And my insides of my pussy were a deep pink. If my lips were pulled apart the hole, Jack called it my fuck hole, was apparent. And I got wet very easily. Once I began to get aroused there was no need for lube with me. I became slick almost immediately.
And here I was, bare ass naked, asking Jack to move so that two other guys could get an unobstructed view of my pussy.
And just to make it worse, or better, depending on your point of view, I rolled my hips up, grasped my ass cheeks and pulled them open.
"Can you see my asshole better like this?"
More laughter, more staring.
My nipples were so hard! My pussy was almost dripping, beginning to open of its own accord and I had opened my ass up so my asshole could be seen. I had nothing hidden from them. It fucking turned me on.
I looked at Jack who was leaning against the wall, smirking, watching me lying on the study table, bare ass, legs spread wide open, with two guys I didn't know staring at my naked body. I wanted to do more, stupid, but I just wanted to do more.
"Jack, should I let them finger fuck my cunt?"
"Nah, let them feel your tits and you can finger fuck your cunt, you dumb slut."
I looked at them after Jack said that and motioned them up to either side of me. Then I rolled my hips up and moved my right hand under my ass and slipped my middle finger up my pussy. Heard some more laughter. Looked from one to the other...
"Feel my tits, feel them, pinch my nipples, squeeze the tits.."
Two hands latched onto me and began to squeeze, fondle and cup my bare tits, two more hands grasped my nipples and began to pinch and pull on them as I thrust my finger in and out of my pussy.
Which was not normal for me since I did not masturbate. But I sure was now.
I thought that I heard a zipper and one of them turned my head to face him. I saw a bare cock pointed at my face.
"Go ahead and give it a little suck girly."
"Jack?"
"Go ahead Sabine. Suck him until he comes in your mouth. Then suck the other one."
So I opened my mouth and let him shove his cock into it and then I started sucking. I didn't even really like sucking cock. But I was bare ass and being felt and watched. Enough to turn me on, enough to make me not think clearly, enough for me to be a dirty bitch.
While I had my tits fondled and squeezed, my middle finger up inside me, I was easy enough to suck a stranger's cock. Then Jack told me to rub my clit and soon enough my ass was humping up and down while my thumb was rubbing it. The guys were laughing at the dumb bitch. I was so turned on that I thought nothing of what I was doing.
Then Jack said to them...
"You've felt her tits enough, come down here between her legs and watch what she does."
So they, watching me hump my ass up and down as I rubbed my clit.
"Take the finger out of your cunt Sabine and just rub the bump."
I did that so they could see my slit, my ass still humping against my finger on my clit. They were chuckling.
"She does that whenever she masturbates or when I am fucking her. That ass of hers starts humping back against her finger, thumb or my cock. For as inexperienced as she is, she sure fucks back at you."
Jack reached down and pulled my hand away from my pussy. Even though I did not masturbate very much I knew what would give me an orgasm.
"Oh God Jack, please, please..."
Jack chuckled. Then he replaced my hand with his, above my slit and found my clit. And he began to slowly rub it. My ass started pumping up and down again. And the two guys laughed at me. The naked me. The one that they had seen every part of. The one who was pumping her ass up and down, pressing on Jack's finger. Eyes closed, panting, hips working hard.
I was so close to cumming. And Jack stopped.
"Oh no, Jack, please, please don't stop..."
"Just let them look at your cunt Sabine. Later I can make you happy. You've been bare ass in front of them for almost an hour by now. Turn over and get on your hands and knees so they can see your tits hanging and your ass. You just love showing off you little dirty cunt."
I moaned, I was so close to cumming! But I rolled over and got on my hands and knees with my knees wide apart. So now my pussy and asshole were showing along with my ass crack and dangling tits.
"Roll your hips so your ass moves Sabine. Show them how you'd fuck on top, girl. You'd love to have a bunch of people watching you fuck, wouldn't you?"
At first I thought no way, absolutely no way could I do that, let people see me naked and fucking. But then, as the idea worked around in my head, it got me hotter than I already was. I started thinking, they had already seen my pussy anyway sooo...
Why not let them see a stiff hard cock sliding in and out of me? But that was not to be, at least not this night. Jack got me a trench coat of his and had me put it on and we left. Me naked under the trench coat.
We went to Jack's car and got in it. He drove off without telling me to even open my coat, which I was expecting at the least and disappointed that he didn't. He drove us to a drug store and we went in. Jack bought two prepared enemas. I took one and read the instructions on the way to the cash register, since I had no idea what they were. Now I knew.
Back in the car and drove to a adult store. We went to once section and Jack picked out lubricant, which I knew what that was for. He also looked at anal plugs and I figured out what they were for too. Up to the counter where he asked the guy working if he could take a break. He smirked at me, made me a little nervous. The guy got the other man working there to take over and Jack led the two of us back to the video booths. He found an empty booth, how he chose it, I wasn't sure. Jack told the guy to get in the one next to the one that Jack and I entered.
Once inside the booth...
"Take off the coat Sabine."
I did was only in shoes now. Jack pointed out the hole in the wall of the booth.
"Hold one of your tits up to the hole Sabine."
I did and a hand came through the hole and began to feel my tit. I gasped, wasn't really expecting that. Jack let the hand feel my tit for a while.
"The other tit."
I moved so my other tit was at the hole and the hand began to feel that one also. Both of my nipples were really hard. After a bit...
"Stand up close, your cunt in front of the hole."
I did and the hand went to my pussy and began to rub and feel it. Before long my hips were working on the hand, I was getting awfully horny again.
"If you want a blow, stick your cock through."
The hand retreated and a cock was soon sticking through the hole.
"Get down and suck it, Sabine. Suck it until it cums in your mouth."
So I got down and stuck the cock in the hole in the wall in my mouth. I started sucking it, licking it with my tongue, slurping on it. My lips tight on it. Working my head back and forth. I didn't like sucking cock all that much but Jack was behind me and his hand on my pussy, rubbing me, and I forgot that I didn't enjoy sucking that much and went to work on the cock and before long he began to harden more. I knew he was close to cumming, I knew that feeling and started to move my head back, but Jack put a hand on the back of my head, holding me in place.
"Keep sucking Sabine. Let him blow off in your mouth and swallow it."
Not like I had a choice. Jack held me there, and enough of the cock was in my mouth that I had to take the spurts in it. He began to cum and I started gagging, but managed to keep from choking and started to swallow. I have tasted cum before, but this was the first time for me taking a load in my mouth. I gagged, swallowed, gagged some more, swallowed and kept swallowing until he stopped cumming.
Jack let go of my head.
"Suck it all clean, get all the cum off it and swallow that too Sabine."
So I did. Licked and sucked until the cock was shiny with spit and there was no cum on it at all. And I swallowed it. The cock disappeared through the hole.
"Send your buddy back here."
"Jack, no, I don't want to..."
"Look Sabine, you just fucked a bunch of stranger's this afternoon. A couple of blow jobs is no big deal. But first let the guy feel you, just like the first one."
I stood up to make sure that my legs didn't cramp and Jack kept rubbing my pussy while we waited for the second guy from the adult store. There was a rap on the wall and I stepped up to it and lifted my left tit to the hole.
A black hand came through it and grasped my tit, squeezing and fondling it. I moved away and lifted my right tit and the hand went after that one too. Unfortunately, Jack rubbing my pussy and the hand on my tits was arousing me. I moved back and then held my crotch up to the hole. The hand went right between my legs and began to rub, then finger fuck me. Before long my hips were pumping on the hand and Jack was snickering behind me.
"Stick your cock through so she can suck it. You can cum in her mouth."
I watched as this rather large black cock slid through the hole in the wall. Then I got down, grasped it and looked at it. It was very thick, even just half hard. I opened my mouth wide and slid it in. I began to suck and lick. Felt it get bigger, harder, longer. I had never had a cock this big. A cliché, really, the big black cock, but in this case it was true. I took it out of my mouth , holding it at the base and just stared at it. Heard...
"It's ten inches hard bitch and it cums a lot. Get ready to choke."
I heard Jack chuckle behind me, put it back in my mouth and began to suck it again. It was deliciously dirty in my mind, a white girl, sucking on a black cock, naked. It was kind of deviant in a way. And it was so much bigger than any cock I had ever seen. Jack got down with me and leaned in to my ear...
"You want to fuck that thing don't you Sabine. You want to feel that large black cock thrusting in and out of you, don't you? You want to look down and see that black cock thrusting in and out of you. You naked under that black body, a hard cock fucking you. You want it bad, don't you?"
I took it out of my mouth again, looked at Jack and shook my head no. Even if I was wondering how that thing would feel going into me.
"Want me to ask him to come here, Sabine?"
In a way I wanted to say yes, but I looked at Jack and shook my head no again.
"OK, then make him cum and swallow it all, Sabine."
So I did, sucking, licking, feeling him getter harder eventually and then he began to spurt in my mouth. It was so much, such a surprise with how much it was, I began to gag on it, even as I was swallowing. I couldn't believe how much he came. It was really thick too. Sticking to my tongue, the back of mouth. I had to really swallow a lot to get it all down.
I finally let it out of my mouth. Then watched as it slid back through the hole in the wall.
"Come over and you can see her naked."
"Get your shoes off so you're bare ass Sabine."
I slipped my shoes off and stood, facing the door to the booth, watched as Jack slid the lock open and then the black guy was in the doorway, smirking at the dumb white bitch, the naked white bitch. I looked down at the floor and then turned around, so he could see all of me, my ass, then back so my tits and pussy were displayed. Then I leaned back on the wall, spread my feet apart and framed my pussy lips with both hands. He smirked even harder.
"A little fat but nice tits and cunt. Let me see that fat ass again."
I pushed myself up, turned around and bent slightly forward, pushing my bare ass towards him. I had my feet slightly apart so my lips were showing between my thighs. I knew he could see them, it felt dirty doing that, but it also aroused me. I felt a big hand on my bare ass, then to the other cheek, then it slipped between my legs and a finger went up inside me. I gasped but didn't move as he thrust it in and out of me.
"She's fucking soaking wet!"
"She gets off on being seen. Don't you Sabine?"
I was totally embarrassed because I knew what Jack wanted me to say. Yeah, it was sort of true but embarrassing.
"Yes."
The black guy laughed.
"Come back anytime girly. I wouldn't mind seeing you bare ass again."
Jack let me put my coat back on and we left. I wasn't so embarrassed any more by guys seeing me naked. So many had by now that being naked was almost normal for me. It still made me feel somewhat uncomfortable when a guy's eyes went straight to my pussy though. I had no covering to it all, the slit was right there. Even with my legs together you could see it, mostly.
We drove back to the dorms and Jack and I walked to his dorm, he smuggled me to his dorm room. I just took off the coat when I got inside, he looked at my feet and I took off the shoes too. He wanted me with nothing at all on. Sat me on his bed, walked away and came back naked as me. His cock was already stiff and he smirked at me..
"Suck it."
And I did. Took it in my mouth and sucked on him, just like I had been doing it forever. He held my head as I bobbed up and down on his cock. I slobbered all over it, got spit down on his balls. It was the first time he had been naked as me.
Finally he pushed me of it.
"Get on your back, legs spread."
I did and he climbed between my legs.
"Watch it go in, Sabine."
I cocked my head up and watched his cock come closer to me and then the tip was at my hole and then pushed inside me. No, he didn't have to fondle me at all. I was really wet.
At first he braced up on his arms and I watched his hard cock plunge in and out of me. That was arousing for me. It felt really good. Jack had a nice sized cock, big enough to stretch me open some, not so big that it hurt. I had wrapped my legs around his waist and was pushing up at him as he went in. Jack liked that, I could tell. He liked me fucking up at him. I couldn't have not done that.
When my head fell back on his pillow, he lowered his head and sucked on my hard nipples, which felt awesome to me. Mine are sensitive and it sent jolts down my body right to my pussy, excuse me, cunt. Jack wanted me to refer to that part of me as my cunt. Yeah a dirty word, I didn't like to say it, but he insisted on it.
He lasted a good long time and even rubbed my clit some so I managed to get off, humping him harder when I came, my ass pumping up and down against him, making him chuckle.
And then I felt him get harder and knew he was going to shoot inside me. And he did, several spurts of cum splattering inside me. I was still not on birth control. I was going to have to take care of that soon or I was going end up with a big belly. Nothing my parents would approve of for certain.
I really liked Jack, a lot, but I didn't think he would consider marrying me if I got pregnant. I think I was just his college fuck toy. The girl who got bare ass for him whenever he wanted, fucked whenever he wanted. Not a girlfriend. Just a fuck toy, an easy cunt for him.
After he shot off inside me, he had me suck him clean and to my surprise, he got hard again. This time he had me on my hands and knees and fucked me doggy style. I was also surprised that he didn't try my ass. After all the comments he had made about fucking my ass. I was glad he didn't. The second time he reached around and rubbed my clit a lot and I came at least twice with his cock inside me. Eventually he came inside me again.
Then he rolled off and we laid side by side, his cock wet from me and his cum, me leaking down my ass crack with his cum. A lot of his cum.
"I like fucking you bare, Sabine. It feels much better that with a condom and I like the fact that every time I do, you could end up pregnant."
Nothing I could say to that, was there. I just liked fucking. I liked a hard cock inside me.