"It's an all sports weekend!," Ed announced Thursday night at dinner with just a little too much excitement to be taken seriously.
"Oh? What makes you think I'm the slightest bit interested in sports?"
"Friday night!!, Friday night!!!, Friday night!!!" he said, ignoring my disinterest and trying to sound like one of those crazed radio commercials for a demolition derby, "Friday night!!!! Don't miss it! Ed takes his lovely wife" (here he changed to a spooky tone) "cosmic bowling."
"I don't want to go bowling."
"Maybe not but you're gonna want to go 'cooossssmmmmic' bowling."
"I still don't want to go bowling."
"Cosmic bowling doesn't start until nine thirty and ends whenever the manager can't stay awake anymore!"
"No."
"They turn the regular lights off and the black lights ooonnnnn..."
"No."
"Everything looks sexy whether it is or not!!..."
"No."
"Adults only, lotsa single men with beer bottles..."
"No."
"Open lounge..."
"No. Wait a minute, lotsa men? Hmmmm, I'll give you a maybe on that one. What else you got?"
Sounding like a game show announcer, "Saturday you and your husband are going on an all expenses paid golf outing where you'll learn to caddy!!!"
"Golf? I know nothing about golf. All I know is there's a ball and a stick," I told him.
"Club."
"What?"
"It's called a club, Mara."
"I thought that's where you went to play golf, the golf club."
"Well, yes but...c'mon, you mean you've been watching me go out the door to play golf all these years with my bag and you didn't know the 'stick' is called a golf club? Not from TV or somewhere?!"
"Look, Tiger whosee..."
"Woods."
"...I don't give two shits about golf. When I was a kid we were all put on hold because my dad had to play stupid golf. He never did anything with us or took us anywhere because golf came first, the bar came second and we were a distant third. I've made it my lifelong active mission to know nothing about golf and to shut down whenever the subject arises. Fuck golf."
"Don't you think that's a little unfair to golf?"
"No. Fuck golf."
"Well the reason I bought it up was because I thought you might be interested in joining my foursome on Saturday, maybe drive my cart, get some air, enjoy the scenery."
"What? It's just grass and trees and a bunch of idiots whacking a ball around. Now why would I want to do that?"
Ed pulled out his phone and held it up to me and said, "These idiots, as you call them, are the other three parts of our foursome."
I studied the pic and they were very cute but golf was intruding on my appreciation of just how cute they were.
"They're very good looking but what are they playing golf for?"
"Geez, Mara, get the golf out of your head for a second and think why I might ask you along for the afternoon." He then gave me the palms up 'duh' look.
"...Oh..." I looked at the phone pic again. "...OH!...you think? No..."
"I let them know I may have a caddy for this Saturday and texted them a sexy pic I had of you on my phone and the response was great as I expected."
"What does a caddy do?"
"Sort of an assistant. Anyway, when they saw that picture they wanted to know where they could get a hot caddy like that. That's when I let them know you were my wife but it didn't seem to matter even though we agreed a while ago that it's a guys only outing, no wives or girlfriends. I thought you'd have fun distracting them while I win the round."
"May I ask you, Mr. Schemer, do you spend a lot of time trying to come up with stuff like this?"
"Honestly, yes, the wheels are always churning. Like right now I'm getting a chubby just imagining my gorgeous caddy taking one in the rough."
"Hehe, okay, I do like it rough...but I still hate golf. Fuck golf."
"Great, you're in! Oh, and no heels. They leave divots in the greens."
***
And so it passed that I reluctantly signed up for the all-sports weekend. Likely my acceptance was a result of Ed's charming sell job and too much sex turning my better judgment into mush.
I was in bowling club in high school so I remembered what the guys liked to see the girls wearing. Quite simply, the optimal viewing angle for the guy was sitting directly behind the lane on one of the molded fiberglass seats. Then when a girl bent over to deliver the ball all eyes were on her rear in hopes of a sighting.
My enhancement to that primitive idea was a red drop waist pleated miniskirt with lacey white panties and a short white halter top that gave the illusion my tits we're fighting to get out.
To stand out even more I got just the right fluorescent cosmetics to look interesting in the black lights, not like an alien but interesting. It wouldn't be the mascara that made me desirable anyway, it would be the package. These past months had made it clear that every heterosexual man wanted to fuck me and would go to great lengths to do so. It was in the DNA. And since I was a hotwife we had the perfect union.
"Are you ready, Mara?" shouted Ed from the bottom of the stairs.
"Coming coach!" I bound down the stairs feeling like I was off to bowling club.
When we got there the parking lot was nearly full and inside the place was packed with only a few lanes left and no black lights. What gives? What I didn't understand initially was that there was a changing of the guard, the leagues ended and cosmic bowling began. We got a lane and each got a pair of those shitty, brown, worn out bowling shoes. Thankfully the pro shop was open late. I just couldn't have those shoes wreck my ensemble so I bought a brand new pair of fluorescent blue ones. Expensive but very cool.
"Where'd you get those shoes?" Ed asked.
"Pro shop."
"You don't even bowl!"
"Used to."
"Mara, what...oh never mind."
Then I hunted the racks for the right ball for my small hand. I had a couple of do-gooders in sheep's clothing try to help but I declined, already knowing what I was doing and saving their possible attention for later. For some reason I always liked bowling club.
Then came the announcement from the desk: "Let's go COSMIC BOWLING!!" The main lights went dark, sexy electronica music came through the speakers and the black lights popped on. Then a smoke machine spewed out a haze from either side and center of the lanes. My shoes lit up and, I presume, my face as well.
A couple guys and a young woman landed in the lane to the right of us and we were off to the races.
"Why don't you go first, Mara."
"Don't mind if I do." As soon as I released the ball it all came back to me and the ball hooked perfectly into the pocket and a strike popped up on the scoreboard.
"What was that?" asked a surprised Ed.
"It looked to me like a strike," I quipped. What I neglected to mention to Ed was, yes, I was in bowling club in high school but the part I left out was how good I was. I thought the rust would show right away but after Ed missed a spare I put up another strike.
I nonchalantly walked back to the scoring table, sat down and Ed leaned over to me, "Okay, what the fuck, Mara?"
"This bowling is fun," I said, taunting him ever so cheerfully.
"By the way," he added, "your underwear shows every time you throw the ball."
"Peekaboo," I teased him with a forefinger tap on the nose. I know, I know, Mara, you self satisfied little....
"Why don't we play for five dollars a frame? That way I can pay for my new shoes." I just couldn't resist.
One of the guys sitting next to Ed said, "You better watch out for her." I giggled. After Ed had an open frame I laid a beauty in there for another strike. Now even I was surprised after all the years but I waltzed back to my seat with a dopey grin and sat down.
Now he was talking to himself which is when I decided to confess that I was not only in bowling club but I was on the varsity team that went to the state championship. He stared at me for a couple minutes.
Eventually he filed away his machismo and broke into a smile, "Why you little ringer."
I started laughing uncontrollably and he hugged me.
"How are you two doing?" interjected the manager out of nowhere. "You seem to be having fun. Can I get you something from the bar?" he added, only pausing to watch me bowl or, more accurately, catch a close up of my panties. I spared so he had twice the view.
"She's really something," I heard him say to Ed before I threw the second ball.
When I walked back his eyes were full on me.
Ed replied suggestively, "And this isn't the only thing she's good at."
We did some cursory introductions and William, inexplicably "Randy for short," took an uninvited seat one bench behind my behind. After Ed spared I went up to get my ball from the return rack.
Randy leapt up, "Oh my god, what are you doing with that house ball? You're too good for that. C'mon, let me get you something from the pro shop." To Ed, "If that's alright with the boyfriend?"
"Sure," said an ever accommodating, Ed.
"Pro shop's closed." I said.
"Not for me it isn't, hang on a second." He ran up to the desk to help the growing line of irritated customers.
"Good luck," said Ed.
"Ya, good luck," said the guy next to Ed.
"Thanks. He's kinda cute in a bumpkin kinda way," I said.
Randy took off back down to us like his pants were on fire. Reaching out to me, "Okay, c'mon Mara, let's get you into the right gear.!"
Ed told me later that his neighbor informed him that Randy was a serial womanizer so watch out. Reportedly Ed said, 'It's okay she's my hotwife," thereby twisting neighbor's brain into a confused pretzel. "You might want to Google that."
Up at the pro shop Randy ushered me in and locked the door behind us looking at me with the excuse, "We're supposed to be closed."
"Sit and let's make sure those shoes fit properly." This, I quickly concluded, was one of Randy's go-to moves. Getting down on one knee he held my leg and pretended to examine the fit with the other. "Beautiful fit, Mara, just beautiful," he said stroking my calf up to my knee. "Just gorgeous." When I didn't move he crept slightly onto my thigh.
"What are you checking there?" I asked.
Caught off guard, "Oh, just general muscle tension," whatever that was.
"Okay then, let's fit you for a ball."
"That's what all the guys say," I said, messing with his reality.
He measured my hand with some contraption designed to give the proper grip, all the while doing the classic arm around my back guidance. Then we decided on a weight and I picked out the color and design and then to a specialty drill press that only lives for one job.
He polished the ball, handed it to me and asked how it felt. Then he said to pick out a bag, which I did, and then he said, "The only thing left is to get you in a real cool bowling shirt. I found a few cute ones on the rack and he said, "Try them on."
"No, better not, I must be running up quite a tab with all this."
"Nobody said anything about cost. Try it on. You can change in the back."
"Okay, but would you come back and help me? Then I won't have to keep on coming out to get your opinion."
With a look like he'd been hit by a stun gun he followed me back. The stun gun went off again when I pulled the halter off over my head, presenting my tits in all their glory. "Oh my, I'll turn around."
"That won't be necessary, Randy, you've wanted to see them anyway, right?"
"Well yes," he stammered, "but I didn't think..."
"Didn't think I'd show them? But you're helping me so much it's the least I can do."
"But what about your boyfriend?" Keep in mind he hadn't looked anywhere but my chest.
"Really, he doesn't mind. Help me on with the first shirt." I had him totally dress and undress me for five shirts. He took the most time unbuttoning each shirt, telling me how sexy I was. On the last shirt he reached for my tits, fondling them before removing the shirt completely. "Oh, fuck."
"So which one do you like the best?" I asked.
"Both of them."
"No, silly. Which 'shirt' do you like best?"
"Oh..." He picked one and I said, "I'll take it!"
I led him by the hand out behind the sales counter, "Let's figure out what I owe you for all this."
"Don't worry about it, my gift."
"No, Randy, I want to give you something nice in return for your generosity. How about I bend over to pick something up and when I do you pull my panties to one side and fuck me?"
He didn't or couldn't say a word. He simply took a pen off the counter and tossed it behind me. When I turned around I heard him unbuckle and unzip his pants. "I'll get that for you." I bent over, he flipped my skirt up and shoved his cock in me. I looked back over my shoulder, "I think it's a perfect fit."
"You're so hot, Mara, I may not want to give you back to your boyfriend."
Dirty talking him, "What're you gonna do, Randy, tie me up?"
"I'd like that."
I looked to my right, just barely seeing over the counter and there was Ed watching through the glass door. Basically all he could see behind the counter was Randy moving back and forth and occasionally the back of my head bobbing up and down.
With one hand on the counter to steady me I reached for my clit with the other. The combination of that and his big balls slapping me, I came. "Unnnnnnnnnnn, fuck me, stud, fuck my little pussy."
Much to my delight he worked his shaft like a piston and my body shuddered again.
He was close, I could feel it so I instructed him, "I want it in my mouth, baby. I want your hot, nasty cum in my mouth."
"Fuck, I can't hold it any longer." He pulled out and I efficiently took his sperm and swallowed in a vain move to not get anything on my new shirt. I stood up facing him and wiped a drop of cum from the corner of my mouth.
"Clean as a whistle," I said.
"You're my dream girl, Mara. Bowls like a pro and fucks like a high priced whore."
"What a sweet thing to say, Randy. I like you too."
I collected my new gear and halter top and said, "Well, I'd better get back to Ed, he'll be wondering."
"Sure I can't talk you into dumping the boyfriend and going home with me?"
"Thanks for the offer but he's kinda grown on me. I'm gonna keep him for now."
He unlocked the latch and I skipped out the door.
Approaching our lane, Ed and his neighbor friend had quite the animated conversation going on and it abruptly ended when I got there. Also, neighbor bowler looked at me much differently, more like a present you can't wait to open because you already know it's what you wanted.
Ed talks a lot.
"Well look at you," he said, "completely decked out."
"He said to bring the shirt back and he'd get my name embroidered on it and engraved on the ball too."
"Wow, forgive me but how much for all that?" he asked knowing damn well the answer.
"Alright, it was free. He even refunded the money I spent on the shoes. And to show my gratitude I was nice to him which you well know, Snoopy Snooperson. I saw you standing in front of the pro shop."
"Wow," said the neighbor.
"By the way, this is my new friend, Dennis."
"Hi, Dennis, I'm Mara." I reached for his hand which was huge. I'd been on such an adventure with bowling I hadn't noticed how big a man he was. When he stood up I truly felt tiny. He had those rugged good looks you see in westerns.
"Wow, hello, wow," he said, possibly exhausting his entire vocabulary about me in one shot.
Ed had done nothing since I went to the pro shop but sip on bourbon and talk to Dennis. Ed was up so I took his seat next to Dennis and tried to generate some small talk, "What do you do for a living?"
"Contractor." That and other one word answers seemed to be all he could generate every time I sat down next to him. 'Wow' kept coming up. Ed would come back after his turn and all of a sudden Dennis couldn't stop talking. At one point when Dennis headed for the restroom I asked Ed, "What's up with that guy?"
"I know, I know. He's a little nervous at the moment."
"What did you tell him?"
"Well we were talking and he was on and on about you and I might have mentioned that you were a hotwife. After he looked it up on his phone he started talking about you nonstop."
"Ahhh."
"He couldn't adjust his mind to that and asked if I thought you were having sex with Randy and I said yes but I went to look."
"Ed, you're a crazy nut job sometimes. Of course it's going to screw him up because now he can't think of anything but having me. His dick takes over the conversation every time I sit next to him."
"You're right, sorry about that."
I decided bluntness might be the best medicine to relax Dennis so after he came back and sat down, Ed went to bowl, I said, "So, you like looking at me, I can tell."
"Wow."
"I'll bet you've even daydreamed about fucking me, right?"
He started nervously giggling, "I, well, I, so to be honest, wow, this is crazy. Yes, I've been going nuts about you since we got here. You're absolutely gorgeous and then you're husband told me, you know, about what you do and it's so kinky weird."
"I'm up but I'll be right back, hold that thought."
"Okay, wow."
When I sat back down I asked, "Where did your friends go?"
"Well they wanted me to go with them to a bar but you were here and I didn't want to leave."
"That's sweet, Dennis."
We bowled for a long time, until our arms were going to fall off. At some point we realized we were the only ones left in the building except for Randy at the desk.
By that time, Dennis and I had bonded and begun to exchange sexual suggestions and that morphed into dirty talk and surreptitious touching when Ed was bowling. "If you could fuck my wet pussy where would you do it?"
"I wouldn't go anywhere because I'd want you so bad. I'd take you right in this lane so the light would feature your amazing body."
"Mmmmm, yes, I've never been fucked like that."
"I want you so bad, Mara, I'd give anything."
"You're up, Mara," said Ed.
I was so horny wet I couldn't think of bowling anymore. I reached over and put my hand on his package and slowly jerked him while he moaned.
I had to have that big body of his take me.
I pulled Ed aside and whispered what I wanted to do and go set it up with Randy. I was sure Randy would be happy to oblige. Ed left and in about two minutes turned around and gave me the thumbs up.
"You're going to love this big man."
On my trip to get a chair from the tables behind the molded seating I heard Randy lock the front door. Then I placed the chair on the lane and facing the men. I sat and spread my legs, then manipulated my pussy but not yet revealing it. To just watch their faces fed into my constant desire to be seen and wanted.
I couldn't get enough of it.
I always thought I'd have made the perfect stripper because I was a born exhibitionist. I would have wanted men to watch me more than I wanted them to pay me for it. I wanted men to have to restrain themselves.
I put my knees on the chair, looked over my shoulder and slapped my buttock, tossed my hair back and turned around. Ever so slowly I unbuttoned the bowling shirt and watched as Randy and Ed took their cocks out.
I stood up, undid the last button and let the shirt fall to the floor, giving Randy another look at my perfect tits. He turned to Ed, "You lucky sonofabitch." I made circles around my nipples with my forefingers.
When I unzipped my skirt and let it fall Dennis took his pants off entirely. I'm sure he could almost taste my pussy. With my back to them I pulled off my panties then shook my ass and slapped my buttocks again. Then I went around the back of the chair and with my finger gestured for Dennis to come to me. "Come to Mara, baby. Come and fuck me." I said. As he got up and walked towards me he tossed off his shirt.
For the two spectators I turned the chair sideways, sat down and reached for his cock. It was already standing straight out and fairly large. I took him deep in my throat. "Aw fuck." He gathered my hair in his hand and used it to face fuck me.
"Gluuuccckkk"
My eyes watered, "Uuuucckk" and then he let me up to barely catch my breath and I spit the saliva on his cock. Eventually it dripped down my chin onto my tits.
He liked controlling me by my hair and after a few minutes of face fucking me he pulled me up and off the chair. He sat down and guided me cowgirl onto his cock. It filled me up and then some.
I twerked on him while he held my tits in both hands. "Suck them, baby," I urged him and he took them in his mouth, alternately suckling them and taking my nipples between his teeth, gently biting down on them.
I went nuts and yelled, "Hurt me, motherfucker!!" and with his fingers he twisted them hard enough to make me scream again. "Uhnnnnnn, shit, keep doing it I'm cummmming, fuck, moorreee, I'm fucking cuummmmmiiinnnggg. The orgasmic release spread across my body like tentacles, "Awwwww."
He took my face in his big paws and smiled, "Was that good for you?"
"Oh god, yes. I want more. I want you to fuck me more. Make me cum again...please."
He picked my petite frame up off him like it was nothing and laid me down on the wooden floor, got down on his chest and began eating me like, oh, my, god, fuck, don't stop! My back arched and from a weird upside down angle I caught a glimpse of Ed and Randy jacking off like wild men. The light, the music, the fucking on the smooth and shiny surface of the alley must have been an ultra erotic scene.
He ate me until I was right on the verge of cumming again and then he stopped. "Oh god, don't stop!!"
"Beg me."
"Please, baby, I'm right there! Please eat me, Dennis!!"
He stuck two fingers in my pussy and went to work on my clit and within seconds I came and it was unbelievably intense. "Oh my god, Dennis, so fucking good."
He stood up and pulled me by the hair to my feet. He got behind me and I held onto the chair back. Before going doggy he ran his hands up my back and over my ass like he was admiring it.
"Mara, you beautiful bitch."
"Fuck my slut cunt, baby."
Putting his hands on the side of my face and pulling it slightly he stuck my hole so hard that my feet kept leaving the floor. Now I was positioned so I looked out at Ed and as Dennis monster fucked me it seemed all the blood in Ed's body had collected in his cock. He was jerking and holding on to the fiberglass bench in front of him. "Holy hell, Mara. Take it, baby."
Dennis was on a tear and I came again, the juicy girl cum sliding down my legs. Even the alley floor was wet.
Dennis fit so perfectly in me I excitedly began to push back against his thrust. "Uhnnn, uhnnn, uhnnn, uhnnn, uhnnn," we shouted in unison. My body was constantly a hair away from cumming again."Uhnnn, uhnnn, uhnnn." I came."Uhnnn, uhnnn, uhnnn." "Fuck me!!!" I screamed. "Uhnnn, uhnnn, uhnnn!"
Finally, taking the barrage as far as he could, Dennis announced that he was going to cum. I yelled out, "Cum on my face!! Everybody cum on the slut's face!!!!!" The three of them surrounded me as I laid on my back. Loudly they shot their jizz all over my face. I was covered with their warm spunk, wiping some away so I could see and scraping some into my mouth.
They helped me up and, much to my surprise, Dennis kissed me big time right in front of Ed, his bowling neighbor buddy. I, much to my surprise, kissed him back. It was momentarily a strange slice of intimacy but stranger than fucking my lights out? I didn't worry about it since Ed opened the door for Dennis. There was just a second there though....
***
In the morning I made pancakes before Ed came down. He loved it when I made pancakes. At the end of breakfast I asked him if he was alright.
"Of course, why wouldn't I be?"
I hesitated bringing it up but....
"I felt you react to me kissing Dennis last night."
"No, I was fine with that "
"Ed?"
"Okay...okay, I had just a tinge of jealousy. I don't know where in the fuck it came from but it left as fast as it came. I love sharing you and I know it's strictly sex but for a second I had a feeling of losing you."
He looked down at the floor, somewhat embarrassed. I got up from my chair and sat on his lap.
"Look at me, Edward."
"Uh-oh, you only use my full name when I fuck up."
"Not this time, crazy toes. I love you with all my heart and I recognize what an incredible gift you've given me, we've given us! I only hope you get as much pleasure as I do from being your hotwife. Unless you don't want to do it anymore, then we need to talk."
"No, god no, I love watching you with other men and I know how much you're enjoying it. I just had a moment of insecurity."
"Well you can put that out of your mind. I'm all yours. A lot of times I feel like I'm performing for you."
"Well you sure as hell did last night! Mara, you were spectacularly hot."
"You liked it then?"
"Ahhhhhh, that's an understatement. You were an immense hit. Let's put it this way, we have free bowling for life."
"That's hysterical. Changing the subject, so I know what to wear, what am I doing at the stupid golf course today?"
"Initially, I introduced you to my group as my caddy which was a lighthearted attempt to give you a title since we agreed no wives or girlfriends were allowed. You know shit and don't care anything about golf but I figured you could drive me around in the cart and flirt with the guys and maybe, maybe, you know."
"Is that what they're calling it now?" I said laughing.
"Yes, well then came along the perfect opportunity. I was talking to the owner, Art, and he mentioned that Mabel wouldn't be able to make it today."
"Who's Mabel?"
"The beer cart girl."
"Beer cart girl? No wonder my dad golfed all the time."
"Ya, so I volunteered you."
"What? I don't know how to be a beer cart girl."
"It's easy. You got beer, a cart and you're already hot. That's everything. You drive around the course and sell beer to thirsty golfers who, if you're hot, overtip and dream of getting in your pants. That's it."
"What if I want to let them in my pants?"
"It depends where you are on the course I guess. The bathroom, the woods, behind the cart?"
"But then I won't be with you guys all the time."
"Nope, but we'll see you along the way. We'll both have our phones so we can keep in touch."
I ran upstairs, put on a spandex top with straps that showed an excessive amount of cleavage and white short shorts that barely qualified as shorts they were so short. More like elaborate underwear with a zipper. Top it off with a ponytail and one of Ed's visors and Mara was open for business. Fuck golf!
At the clubhouse Ed introduced me to Art, "Here's your new beer cart girl!" After looking me over he was nearly speechless managing to croak out, "You're gonna be a big hit." Art, in his late sixties and as cute as a teddy bear, took me outside and showed me everything he could, gave me startup cash, a load of beer in the big chiller with doors and I took off down the cart path waving to Ed. It was a blast driving the cart all over the place.
All Art said was the guys get a little handsy and keep off the greens with the cart. I didn't know what a green was but I found out quick enough when I got run off by a couple of angry putters by driving over their golf ball.
So that was a green, huh?
A pair of guys sharing a cart flagged me down on the fairway (I learned what that was too) on the fourth hole. Pulling up next to them the driver said meet them on nine, they should be thirsty by then.
The passenger leaned forward and said, "Man alive you're cute."
"Thanks," I said, popping out of the cart and doing a little pirouette.
"What's your name?"
"Mara."
"Can't wait to see you on nine!" and they drove off, the passenger still checking me out. Driving off I could barely hear one saying to the other, "Man, I'd like to..."
Just ahead on seven, a foursome of guys were starting (teeing off, they called it).
"Hey, fellas, want some beer?"
One guy said, "The way I'm playing beer would probably help right now." He walked over to me, "Where's Mabel?"
"She couldn't make it so I'm helping out."
"Well, you're certainly helping my eyes out. Just when I thought the cart girl couldn't get any sexier along comes you."
"Frank!" one guy yelled, "You're up!"
"I'll be right there!" Frank said, putting one hand on the cart roof and the other on my shoulder. "Do I have to buy beer to keep standing here with you?"
"Frank!" said the guy again, "We're going ahead. You can catch up."
"I'll have a beer."
He gave me a twenty and told me to keep the change, "You're worth it. See you on nine?"
"Sure," I said and he hurried off to stay ahead of the group coming up behind us.
I cruised back to where I guessed Ed's group was, dodging a couple golf balls in the process. He was about to tee off on three as I hugged the side of the fairway to avoid getting beaned.
"Hi guys, I'm your beer cart girl! Can I get you anything?"
"Gentlemen, or I should say 'you bunch of idiots', this is my wife, Mara. Mara, this is Bud, Steve and Charlie."
"Nice to meet you, boys. Nice day to do a game of the old golf," I said, pretending to know what I was talking about.
"Round," corrected Ed. "It's called a round."
"As far as I'm concerned," said Charlie, "with a bod like that she can call it anything she wants."
"Remember, Charlie," warned Ed, "You're playing with fire."
"In the clubhouse," said Charlie, "Ed told us about your special talent and his willingness to share your gifts. Is that true because I thought he was kidding?"
"Yes," I assured him, "you heard correctly. I'm a hungry hotwife with a husband who likes to watch me in action."
"Holy cow," said Bud, "I thought he was kidding too."
"What can I say, boys, I like cock and your golf buddy is one generous guy."
"Unbelievable," said Steve.
Ed noticed there were two groups waiting to tee off behind them and said, "We have to go or wave them through."
Charlie agreed they should go and see me later. When they finally left, a guy from the next group said, "Oh, now I see what was slowing them down."
"Need some beer, fellas?"
"Not yet, but I wouldn't mind fifteen minutes with you in the woods."
"Be a good boy and you may get lucky." Everyone in their group suddenly wanted a beer. That was when I realized they were buying beer just to get near me and the more flirty I got the more beer I sold.
By noon Art had to restock the cart fridge three times. "This has never happened before. What are you doing out there, giving blowjobs?" He laughed at his joke but I had actually blown two guys in a cart already. While one guy pretended to look for an errant shot in the woods I got down and dirty with the other guy behind the cart.
Not that I cared, but the tips were coming in fast and furious. Twenties, fifties, and I offered them the perk used by strippers forever. When they handed me a tip I pulled open the front of my spandex top and let them put the bills in so they could graze my tits. I had no idea about golf protocol but did it anyway.
For the longest time I couldn't understand why golfers kept saying they'd see me on the ninth hole but it became clear once I came over a hill and saw a refreshment oasis with an adjacent cinder block restroom. There seemed to be more carts parked there than on the course. As I pulled up and swung one leg out I immediately got a whistle.
Everyone I'd seen on the front nine was there and all I heard was, Mara this and Mara that. I can't say I didn't like it. I couldn't go much of anywhere because they hung around the cart but I managed to squeeze through long enough to get a bottle of water from the refreshment stand.
From behind me came, "I've been a good boy." I looked back and it was the 'fifteen minutes' dude.
Sipping on my water and leaning back against the cart, "Think you've got something I might be interested in?"
"I do. My name's Kevin by the way. I've been on my best behavior just so I might earn some one on one time with with the hottest girl I've seen in a long time."
I gave him points for boldness, not to mention I was attracted to him. "I like you Kevin. You've got balls but I think were out of luck because I don't see anywhere we could go to discuss this further."
"On eleven there's a dogleg left and on that corner is a groundskeeper's shack set back off the fairway. I know the groundskeeper and he only works weekdays. I also know the combination to the padlock."
"Oh, a serial romantic?"
"Oddly, that's where I met my ex-girlfriend and where we broke up. I'm going to ride ahead and I'll wait for you. I'll be a good boy until then." He hopped in his cart.
"What if I don't come?"
"I think you'll come. I think we'll both cum." He smiled and drove off.
I felt myself getting moist. Always a good sign.
Finally Ed's group came straggling in. "What happened? What took you guys so long?"
"It's my fault," admitted Ed, "I kept shanking balls out of bounds and spent too much time looking for them. Charlie said if it wasn't for you he would've given up and gone home."
"Well, Charlie," I said, "that's a compliment if I ever heard one."
"I just want you on my calendar."
All the guys went, "Whooooaaaaa"
"We know what Charlie wants," noted Ed, "but I'm surprised that Bud and Steve aren't lining up to fuck my wife. Where in the world have you gotten an offer this good?"
"We just can't believe it," said Bud, "We keep thinking you're punking us or something."
"Plus we've got girlfriends," added Steve, "so I don't know."
"I assure you boys," I said in sexy mode, "I absolutely love to fuck and whatever happens between us, stays between us. You're going to have a tough time finding willing pussy like this."
"Oh, god, I don't know," said a tortured Steve, "Alright, I can't resist this, I'm in but where?"
"How about that motel on the way home?" suggested Charlie, "I've been there. It's clean."
"I'll just watch if you don't mind," said Bud.
As if to solidify the deal, Charlie patted me on my ass. I was looking forward to our three way.
In the meantime, I had a date with Kevin at the shed on eleven. It was a beautiful day and I was horny. I zipped by every group, only stopping for a couple beer sales and one guy felt me up.
I guessed that the remaining holes and further beer consumption would mean guys making more uninhibited passes and taking more chances.
I knocked on the shed door and Kevin quickly closed it behind me. Mostly filled with tools, a workbench and a small stack of erotic magazines, Kevin pulled off his shorts and went after me. "Damn, you're hot shit." He lifted me up on the workbench and got my shorts and panties off in a hot second. "Mmmm, that's what I wanted and it's already wet."
He stuck two fingers in my pussy and applied his tongue to my clit. I was melting into a puddle as he skillfully brought me to the brink. "Oh fuck, Kevin." He stood up and looked at the tools hanging on the pegboard, took one down, spit on it and shoved the big screwdriver handle up my cunt. He rammed it back and forth and he returned to licking my clit and jerking his hard dick with the free hand.
"Aaaahhhhhhhh, you fucking beast..." and then I came all over his hand. He tossed away the screwdriver, put both hands under my butt cheeks and lifted me off the bench and I guided his cock into my hole.
He bounced me up and down, kissed me and whispered, "You're a pretty little slut aren't you?" "I love fucking sluts." He was strong enough to hold me aloft for many minutes with my arms around his neck. He kept kissing me, our tongues darting in and out and his cock doing the same.
He eventually set me down, turned me around and placed my hands on the edge of the bench. He reached for a jar of Vaseline next to the WD-40 on the bench. "Tell me now if you don't want me to fuck you in the ass."
All I said was, "Fuck me."
He lubed me and penetrated my hole and as I started to scream he frantically grabbed my panties off the bench and stuffed them in my mouth. Our carts were already parked in front of the shed like a billboard so his panty move was a security measure.
He went as long satisfying himself in me as he probably could. It just seemed like he needed to be somewhere or he was anxious we'd be caught and when he finally spread his seed across my lower back he hastily grabbed an old rag from the bench and wiped the cum off me. He dressed, peeked through the crack in the door and made a quick exit with the immortal words, "Gotta go, thanks for the fuck."
We decided to sneak out separately so I did essentially the same after him. The journey from holes twelve through nineteen (me being the nineteenth) were largely comprised of looking like sex, smelling like sex, listening to every sexual come on, had my ass groped numerous times and consequently selling every last can of beer on the cart.
I could have sold the cart itself.
When I pulled into the clubhouse at the end of the day, Art came out to greet me and after one look at my dishevelment said, "I don't know or want to know what you did out there to sell all that beer but I'm offering you a regular gig if you want it."
"When are you coming back, your royal hotness?!" yelled over one of the guys going in the backdoor. I smiled and curtsied.
"See?" said Art.
"You're so sweet, Art. I had a blast out there but could we make it on an occasional basis? Maybe once in awhile if Mabel can't make it or when Ed's golfing and you want two girls?"
"Absolutely. Let's go inside and settle up what I owe you."
"We don't have to do that. I made so much in tips I could buy my own cart."
He was laughing but perplexed that I declined the wage, "Well okay, thanks, Mara. We hugged but even he couldn't resist grabbing my ass. "I may be old but I'm not blind."
I found the guys by our car in the parking lot and strategically positioned myself in the backseat between Steve and Charlie. In the time between the course and the motel I went down on both of them while Bud looked on enviously.
We were just about there when Charlie got a text and dejectedly said he'd have to opt out. He had to be home. Then the trend spilled over to Steve and we dropped all of them at their cars.
Suddenly we were two again. "Fifteen minutes ago I had a full dance card. What happened?"
"Charlie's wife is what happened. You know what? I just got a brilliant idea!! We go home. You and I clean ourselves up. I fuck you in the shower. Then! Then!! Then we go to that English pub near our house and finish the weekend of sports by throwing darts!!"
"I don't want to throw darts."
"Mara, what happened the last two times this weekend you didn't want to do something I suggested?"
I thought for a minute and I had to admit he was right, "Okay I'll go, but fuck darts.
(To be deliciously continued...)