CHAPTER 1
Instead of the usual hour, it had taken Mark this Sunday morning only forty minutes to clear out of Melbourne and reach the open road. It was sunny and promised to become a warm December day. With the window open and the breeze in his hair, it would make for a pleasant, relaxed drive up the Hume Highway to Sydney.
In planning his trip to the Hunter Valley, Mark had decided to make an overnight, halfway stop at Yass. When Sue surprisingly rang and invited him to spend two days with her in Sydney, he had good reasons to break his journey. Driving through, Mark would have arrived late. After twelve hours on the road for the 1,000-kilometre drive, he would be too tired to show Sue that he appreciated her invitation.
Mark was somewhat uncertain about Sue's eagerness to be appreciated the way he had in mind. They had known each other in the literal sense only briefly. Her invitation to stop over and see her had surprised him. Was Sue genuinely interested in going beyond the opportunistic -- and for Mark less than rewarding - brief fucks they had in Melbourne?
But Mark was on his way. He simply assumed that Sue's motive for the invitation was a carnal curiosity left unsatisfied in their Melbourne trysts. Regarding any future relations, the distance separating them aside, he was married with children. She knew him as a lecturer at Melbourne University but, beyond that, few personal details.
Sue had been one of his mature-age students in his Sociology Class in a diploma course at Melbourne University. They only got acquainted and involved with each other by chance. It was not a teacher/student affair. Sue had already completed her studies, during which Mark was barely aware of her as just one of his more than one hundred students.
Funnily enough, his vague memory of her as a student was that she always sat at the back of the room with her friend, a woman of her age and similar appearance. They rarely contributed to discussions but reacted in a pointedly negative way whenever gender issues were raised. However, this neither raised Mark's attention nor his ire as such reactions were usual in sociological discussions and debates.
When Mark met Sue at this end-of-year party, she was on her own. They sat next to each other, talked, and got acquainted. He was not on the make, and they did not dance. He learned that Sue shared a house with other students in Carlton. So, when the party finished, as it was on the way for Mark, he offered Sue a lift home. Outside her door, she had lingered in the car. They continued talking but eventually kissed and then progressed to relatively uninhibited petting.
After that, they had met twice before Sue left Melbourn to return to what had been her hometown. With her mother living there, Sue had firm plans to look for a job and live in Sydney.
As the kilometres rolled by, Mark thought about how unusual he had found Sue as a lover. Mark, despite his conventional bearing and respectability as a teacher, had a somewhat unusual past. He had enjoyed longer, intimate relationships with several women, both before and during his marriage. Mark was in his early forties, tall, dark, and somewhat stern. When he looked in the mirror and at photos, he assessed himself as passably handsome, but not the sort of Marlboro Man women were supposed to drool over.
Sue, he guessed, was in her mid-thirties. She had lived and travelled for more than twelve years overseas and was an interestingly attractive woman. Mark presumed Sue was sexually experienced. This was, he had learned, not always the case with mature women. But, from what Sue had told him at the party about her overseas experiences, he was sure that she had been in a number of sexual relationships.
When they started petting in the car, Sue showed her interest quickly. When Mark's hand came to rest on Sue's thigh, he felt her legs parting below her skirt. As they did, Sue's tongue deep in his mouth promised Mark more than a 'perhaps?'. And when his hand reached tentatively to touch her breast, Sue pushed her tit with a sinuous wriggle into his palm.
Then Sue whispered, "I'm glad you like me, want to touch me! But, you know, Mark, I've had a crush on 'teacher' for most of the year! It's been a long wait. Are you shocked?"
They kissed, and her tongue snuck again deep into his mouth. She reached for Mark's hand, moving it under her skirt to guide it up the soft inside of her thigh. Sue shivered a moan into Mark's mouth as his hand cupped the mound of her pussy. The moist warmth of her panties told all Mark needed to know. And Sue slid forward in her seat to spear her hot-slippery pussy on Mark's probing finger! Sue cried out. Then her tongue captured his to suck it into her hungry mouth.
For Mark, this hitherto unknown woman was a revelation. Nothing in the way Sue dressed, spoke, and behaved as his student suggested sexual vitality and daring. In appearance and character, Sue appeared to be the opposite of a flirty, come-hither, femme fatale.
By midday, Mark had crossed the border into New South Wales. He stopped for a leisurely lunch before continuing along the Hume Highway at reduced speed. Unlike in Victoria, most of it still awaited an upgrade. Mark did not mind. He enjoyed the leisurely, tension-free drive on his own.
While he and Maria, his wife, still spend the family holidays with the children together, they agreed to take an occasional holiday on their own. Over the years, they had progressively grown apart. They no longer particularly enjoyed each other's company, either romantically or socially. Nevertheless, the children and the life they had built together kept them in bond. Regarding holiday choices, Maria enjoyed the beach and the occasional opportunistic 'adventure' among the holiday crowd. Mark did not. And it was not jealousy that kept him away.
This holiday he had planned to explore the Hunter Valley, a region interesting for its quality wines and its significance in Australia's history. For him, it ideally combined his intellectual interests with his hedonistic tastes. Regarding the latter, Sue's invitation to stopover in Sydney had added a further boon to his holiday. Mark could look forward, perhaps to a renewed adventure with an intriguing woman.
Arriving at Yass late in the afternoon, Mark booked into a motel. Then he strolled around town and, finally, settled for a rather bland, country-town Chinese meal. Back at the motel, with nothing of interest on TV, he went to bed and quickly fell asleep.
CHAPTER 2
The motel's walls were thin. Late arrivals in the unit next to his room woke Mark up two hours later.
If their noise had been the murmuring of TV and voices, he would have quickly gone back to sleep. But the developing scenario of sounds indicated that his unseen neighbours were a raunchy couple. The thin wall between their bed and his made Mark into a companion in their lusty fuck.
There was the thumping of their bed against the wall as they fucked, accompanied by the low-voiced grunts of the male. The woman's full-throated love song, by contrast, really set Mark's mind and cock astir. It never became monotonous. Varying in pitch and volume, the sexy words and lust-filled urgings poured out of her. At times her song lowered to a whisper which Mark could only guess. Though, he knew that with this woman the whispers would be dirty, demanding, rousingly sexy! And her partner -- judging from his howls and grunts - served her well!
After their joyous romp, his neighbours fell much more quickly asleep than he did. With an almost painful erection, Mark's thoughts turned to Sue and their reunion. While he had ideas and hopes about it, he was not sure about what would happen. Their two meetings in Melbourne had left him more intrigued than fired up for a repeat.
Sue, in their first time petting in the car, had been enticingly sensual and direct. Her behaviour, however, when they met again and were in bed together, was somewhat contradictory. Or, perhaps, not?
When they got together in the Carlton motel, there was, as before, no sign of shyness or coyness in Sue. But neither was there any show of occasion or playfulness. It appeared to him that as far as Sue was concerned, they met to fuck, and that was it.
They fucked, of course; on this occasion, twice. Sue's attitude and mien discouraged any flirtatious build-up or foreplay. Nevertheless, she undeniably wanted to fuck. She climaxed quickly, more readily than most other women Mark had known. However, Sue's climaxing seemed mechanical, if not onanistic in not involving him. She quickly broke free and went into the bathroom; it signalled to Mark that climaxing was for Sue her own, private affair.
On the second occasion, he tried to break this pattern of hers of just fucking. Sue initially resisted a lengthy caressing of her beautiful nakedness but eventually began to respond. She kissed him wildly. She threw herself over Mark and sank her mouth, with a resigned gasp, on his cock. Then they fucked; it almost appeared in anger. Mark sensed that in Sue's mind, his not letting her be had violated her.
The idea that Sue could feel it was rape saddened and frightened Mark. He quickly left her, bidding Sue Good-Bye without an apology or explanation.
And now it was Sue that wanted, what? A new beginning or making him do penance for an unforgivable sin?
On leaving the motel the following day, Mark's raunchy neighbours left at the same time. They were no longer youngsters. She was, perhaps, in her early forties, a short, chubby woman, conservatively dressed. Nobody would suspect that her enticing siren's song could rob a listener of his sleep!
Mark was intrigued by the address Sue had given him. He did not know Sydney well and had learned little so far about Sue's family and background. However, he had not expected her to live in a North Shore apartment. When Mark pulled up in the visitor's parking area of a ten-story high-rise, Mark realised that the 812 on the address given by Sue meant the eight's floor. When he pressed the button and Sue's "Yes" sounded from the intercom, he could only mumble a stupid -- "Hi Sue. I have arrived." He was almost intimidated by the setting, but the entrance door clicked open to let him in.
He had forgotten to ask which floor she was on but had guessed right. When the lift door opened, there she stood, with a beaming, welcoming smile. There was no laboured-over embracing and awkward kissing. Instead, Sue hooked her arm into his and led him, down a carpeted corridor, to 812.
Mark's face must have shown his surprise: The luxury of the apartment almost awed him. Its rooms were large and expensively furnished, and the floor-to-ceiling windows offered views over parkland and down to the harbour.
His surprise delighted Sue. With a show of proprietary pride, Sue took him on a guided tour. First, from the light-filled kitchen into the adjoining living room. Then into the master bedroom. There Sue, with a sweet smile, patted the super-king-size bed appreciatively. However, the adjacent bathroom kept Sue, with a pensive smile, silent. Far from being just practical, it was, Mark judged, a playroom. It spoke for itself!
Returning to the kitchen, Sue opened the large, almost empty fridge to take out a serving dish. With the appetisingly arranged cold cuts, cheeses and shrimps came a bottle of Riesling. The bread was already on the set table. Then she turned, put her arms around Mark and offered herself to be kissed. When Sue broke reluctantly free, she said, "Welcome to Sydney. Do you like our apartment?"
Grinning widely, she continued. "As you are only with me for one-and-a-half days and two nights, I wanted to give you a taste of how we millionaires live in Sydney." After toasting to their meeting again with the first sip of Hunter Riesling, Sue added, "Of course, only in my dreams."
She explained then that they owed this luxury to her ex-husband. They had stayed friends after their divorce fourteen years ago. He managed now a real estate firm that had this short-term rental apartment on its books. So, when Sue told him about her affair and the impending visit of her new Melbourne lover, he offered his help. Jokingly he dismissed the idea that a woman of class - the only one he would ever have married - would romp with her lover for days and hot nights in a dingy motel.
Here Sue could not resist. She grinned mischievously at Mark across the table. He knew she thought of their jousts back in Melbourne!
A few days later, Michael had given her the address and a set of keys and told her the flat was vacant for the time Sue needed it. Until she turned up this morning, she had no idea what Michael had provided.
Over their meal, Sue and Mark laughed, chatted, and joked about this and that. They dug into their food, repeatedly licking their fingers. And they toasted Michael. Especially, as Mark put it, on his generosity towards a classy woman that he had, somehow, failed to hold on to.
CHAPTER 3
It was a promising beginning. Sue was in an exuberant mood. It was so different from the almost sullen reserve that had spoiled for Mark their love-making in Melbourne. Now, as Sue began to clear the table, the sway of her hips rubbed against him. Mark reached out and pulled Sue onto his lap.
His hand had accidentally slipped onto her naked thigh, and he left it there. Sue smiled, almost triumphant, as she put her hands around Mark's neck. She offered him her lips, glistening, half-open in expectation. So, he reminded her by murmuring, "I'm so glad we are kissing now like our first time in the car. I missed it last time when we just fucked."
Instead of words, Sue let her lips and tongue, and her thighs clasping his hand, confess her lust and hunger. When she tore herself free, she slid off his lap. Pulling him to his feet, Sue almost dragged an unresisting Mark into the bedroom. With her voice breathy with excitement, she murmured, "Let's spend this afternoon in bed kissing and ... ". Sue lost control and burst into a fit of giggling before she added in her everyday voice, "But remember, whatever we finish up doing, we must not exhaust ourselves. We are going out for dinner tonight."
They undressed in an almost comical hurry, discarding their clothing carelessly on the floor. Once naked, Mark - sitting on the edge of the bed - grabbed Sue. With his hands clasping her buttocks, he pulled her belly against his face. His hasty kisses all over her stomach ventured closer and closer to her mons. After waiting for more than a moment, Sue stopped his progress. Taking one backward step, she looked down at him and said: -
"I've shown you our shower. It has jets! Have you ever showered with jets? I'd like to find out what they do. Want to join me? Could be fun!"
This invitation, combined with its promise of sexy playfulness, delighted Mark. He was not in the slightest dismayed by the fact that this so different Sue was now as much in charge and control as the 'cool' one had wanted to be back in Melbourne.
In the shower, Sue surrendered her body -- it seemed, at first, in child-like innocence - to the pleasure-inducing titillation of the jets. She turned on all of them and then danced and bent and twisted in their blast while Mark stood back and watched with growing excitement the sexy-suggestive contortions of Sue.
Increasingly aroused, Sue wanted more from Mark than his lusting leer. So, she pulled him into the jets to spoon her swaying ass against his growing erection. Then she moved her breasts into one of the jet's powerful stream. Mark cupped them from underneath and let the stream play over them till her nipples stood out dark brown and pointy. Sue tilted back her face and let her flickering tongue tell Mark how horny she was becoming.
It was up to him to raise the stakes. With a small step and turn, Mark moved Sue's lower belly and pubes into the stream of a lower jet. As he lifted one of her thighs and, thereby, her pussy into the invading stream, Sue's knees buckled. A shrill scream that turned into moaning gasps escaped her. Looking down, Mark kept her pussy centred on the hotly invading force. Sue threw her head back onto his shoulder and moaned and whimpered as Mark held her twisting body. With one hand under her thigh, the other cupping a breast, he allowed her no escape. And Sue now cried out, losing all control, "Mark! Mark! What are you doing to me? Stop it! No! No, God, no! Don't stop! Mark! Mark! I'm coming!" Only helped by the jets, Mark had irresistibly tempested her cunt and whirled Sue into her climax. And this time, Sue screamed and arched and convulsed, clinging to him.
When she eventually slumped forward, Mark gathered her in his arms. He leaned her against the tiles so that he could turn off the ravishing jets. Then, under the warm water streaming down from the large showerhead, he hugged her, murmured to her, kissed her gently, and started to wash her.
He generously laid on the expensive gel provided for the guests. Sue quickly started to respond to the loving attention he bestowed on all parts of her body. When he was done with her, she reciprocated. While her soapy hands washed all over his body, they returned more than once lovingly to Mark's hard, unrelieved rod. Sue's mouth also came enticingly close while her hands caressed Mark's cock and balls. During her ministration, she murmured something that sounded like "Beautiful. I want .... God! Let's get into bed."
And they did. With the covers thrown carelessly onto the floor, the expanse of silky sheets and fluffy pillows welcomed their excited bodies., They glowed in the afternoon light flowing in through the window. Sue stretched out, allowing her body to be caressed by the silky touch of the sheets and by Mark's hungering eyes. They were on her beautiful long legs, already temptingly half-spread.
Sue smiled at him as she raised her knees to allow her shapely thighs to spread in invitation. Her pussy had been jet-stream-massaged into glowing excitation. As Mark bend in to kiss her, Sue grasped his cock. With a lift and wriggle of her pelvis, she captured his rod in her hot-slippery cunt. Mark just managed not to enter her fully. Raised on his elbows, he looked at Sue and said: -
"Don't run away from me again. No more secret little orgasms for you and leaving me behind. We are going to make love for a long time. I want to touch you, feel you, kiss you, taste you, fuck you. I love to hear your voice, your words, your laughter, your moans, your screams. I want us to make love for a long, long time until we climax together. But, if we are going to do more than just quickly fuck, I have to know if you want to be loved like that?"
With Mark trying to control his breath, stammering out his desires and reservations about their Melbourne encounter, a thinking frown had settled on Sue's face. It eventually changed, however, into a mischievous grin as she replied, "God -- Yes! I want to make love like that! But now, Mark, stop talking! I want to fuck!"
She giggled, but it changed to a - this time - not held back, satisfied moan as Mark's cock pushed deep into her. Then, pressing it into the ultimate depth and holding still, it was hotly taken possession of by her cunt's pulsating muscles. He sought Sue's lips, and she kissed him in wild abandon, moaning into his mouth, "God, Mark! Stop doing this! I'll be coming much too quickly!"
And he knew that it was not his delusion. Sue wanted to share what he felt. He withdrew his cock and lay down on her side. Stroking gently over her face, Mark confessed that the hot-sexy grip of her cunt already almost made him come. And he wanted to take a long, long time in pleasuring her naughty pussy.
When Mark raised Sue's leg, he slid his cock's head between her pussy's lips. Then, with his hand, he moved it up and down Sue's already slippery slit to brush, eventually, more and more over her clit. Sue stretched in pleasure and closed her eyes. Then his cock shifted to the cunt's opening. Starting with a sequence of teasing, tongue-like kisses of the hot, fleshy ring, the tip of his cock began to slide in, centimetre by sweet centimetre. Now, Sue's eyes were as wide open as her legs, and her lips formed still soundless words.
Then Mark really began to fuck her with slow, deep-penetrating, intensely pleasuring thrusts. Sue gasped and moaned in pleasure. At times, Sue, with gasps of surprised laughter, cried, "Stop, Mark! Stop!" as her groin began to shiver and twist in the welling-up of a -- this time for her -- too early climax.
Mark must have held her back from being swept into an orgasmic finale half a dozen times before Sue's patience ran out. Panting and half-in-earnest, she hissed at him, "God, you are a sadist. Don't you want me to come? Ever?" Mark immediately withdrew. He gathered her into a bear hug and began, jokingly, to soothe her like a wilful little girl. But when he offered Sue a pacifying little girl kiss, her mouth met it with an open, wet, pretend-angry, full-tongued reply.
He suffered it with pleasure but told her, after managing to break away, that if she wanted to be kissed like that by him, she would have to offer him her pussy. Did she want that? To Mark's delight, Sue moaned an immediate command, "Yes! Yes! Kiss my pussy! I want you to kiss it like that! Do it! Do it now!"
When he slid down, Sue received him not only spread wide open with her pelvis lifted off the sheet. Both her hands were down, and her fingers spread the fleshy folds of her pussy apart. She offered its glistening, well-fucked lusciousness to his eyes, lips and tongue. Mark was stunned. He almost hesitated before he placed his mouth on her hot, pulsating flesh. And then, his tongue, pushing in deep, sampling Sue's hot-tangy taste.
Only rarely had a woman done this for him. And he showed his appreciation by matching her fervour. Mark's practised mouth brought Sue quickly to the edge. Her twitching thighs against his cheeks and her pelvis convulsive grinding against his mouth let him know that Sue was past stopping now. He tried to withdraw but her hands clawed in his hair to press his face into her climaxing cunt.
But Mark broke free. In rearing up, he grabbed her legs and threw them over his shoulders. When he moved forward, Sue's ass lifted high off the sheet. Her thighs shook in his grip, and her pussy hot-squirted as he rammed his cock into her cunt.
Sue met it with a drawn-out howl as he started to fuck her hard. When her voice changed into a shrill whimper, Mark suddenly thought he was hurting her and abruptly stopped. Sue's whimpering changed abruptly into urging shouts: "Mark! Don't stop again! God, Fuck me! Harder! I'm coming, can't stop! Come with me! God! Fuck me! Mark! Mark!"
And he responded with violence no longer alone of his making as his roar joined her screams. He convulsed and shook as he poured himself into her beautiful, heaving, climax-tossed body.
They clung together, still joined cock to cunt, for a long time. Then, when Mark began to signal a reawakening by caressing Sue's back and stroking lovingly over her ass' sexy cheeks, her lips sought his. She kissed him, lingering long before she whispered, "That was wild - magic! That wasn't me, but God, I loved it. What's happening with me?"
Mark's hand on her ass pressed her close. She shivered as a wavelet of renewed excitement flowed through her, feeling his still embedded cock. He kissed her neck, then moved his lips to her ear to whisper, "It's our magic. We'll make it ours, every time we'll make love. I want all of you, want you to give me all. Do you want that?"
Sue pressed herself closer in affirmation but then giggled, "I'll have to break an oath. I swore a long time ago -- with a radical friend of mine - that I'll never put my mouth on a man's cock. But now, with you kissing me and giving my pussy such pleasure, I feel mean."
Mark told her that she should never do anything she did not want to. However, then he asked why she almost bit off his cock in Melbourne? Sue burst out laughing and pressed her face into his neck before she responded with a sexy murmur. "Well, I didn't maim you then. But now, I want to break my oath. I almost did before in the shower. God, I'm bad; my friend won't forgive me. I want your cock, want to taste you as you've tasted me!"
Inadvertently, his cock still in her had hardened again, and Sue delighted in gripping it in response. They were, however, for the time being, exhausted and fell happily asleep.
Chapter 4
They woke up late afternoon, and Sue made and brought two mugs of coffee to the bed before joining Mark again. Cuddling up to him, she wrinkled her nose. "What is that sexy smell? Is that us?" Grinning broadly, she added, "We better shower before we go out. It's a little, crowded restaurant I've booked us in. We don't want others to get jealous, do we?"
Mark was quick to hook into her banter, "Excuses, excuses. You just want to get into the shower and onto the jets again. I know how they turn you on."
Sue laughed and, sexily deepening her voice replied, "Oh, I love those jets. They are naughty if you are with someone that knows how to use them. Do you want to take me to the jets again? Like before? Now?"
The prospect amused them, but common sense prevailed. Sue and Mark decided, for the time being, to forego the jets. Instead, they sipped their coffee and, eventually, went together under the shower for an only mildly erotic clean-up. But as she had promised earlier, Sue, kneeling-down, paid rather close attention to Mark's cock. Proud of her handiwork, she sweetly smiled up at Mark as the fellow began to raise his head. Then, with a quick kiss to its tip in passing, Sue decided it would keep.
Once they were dressed, they had a spare hour before the dinner Sue had booked at the La Paglia Restaurant. So, they strolled down under the nearby Harbour Bridge, taking in the view of the Opera House and the multitude of boats and ferries crisscrossing the harbour. Sue told Mark that for tomorrow she had arranged a Luncheon Harbour Cruise for them, adding that she would allow him to pay for it. Then she hugged Mark and asked for his forgiveness for being so bossy in arranging everything without him.
The restaurant was crowded, the food superb, and their table for two along a wall was tiny. As their legs under it could not avoid touching, nothing of the sexual charge built up over the afternoon was lost. Sue had slipped out of her high heels, and one foot's toes were caressing Mark's calf when she beamed at him over the table and said:
"After our afternoon together, I think you like my company. What if I came with you up to the Hunter Valley? Would I be a distraction in your research? I promise I'd be good." Sue moistened her lips and, with her eyes shiningly fixed on Mark, added, "As good as you'd want me to be. Perhaps even better."
Mark had played with the idea of Sue joining him for all of his holiday. But staying in the role she had cast him in, he hid his delight that she was keen on coming. Mark put on a frown and replied, "Sure. Come along. But won't you get bored by all the vineyards, coal mines and history? For me, they are a serious distraction."
Sue raised her glass for a toast and a flippant "Well, we shall see." He was lucky that her toes could not reach higher. It should have warned him how distracting she could be.
Sue was in an exuberant mood. She had surprised herself by finding it so easy to shed long-held reservations, both about her sexual makeup and men. Mark had triggered it for her, right from their first evening in the car. He had left it so entirely to her to make the first move, step by step. But she, to make good her behaviour in the car, had reverted to her controlled assertive -- as she had always done with men - stand-offish self when she met Mark in the motel to fuck. But now, Sue felt newborn, everything had changed. And so much for the better.
On the way back, Mark ponderously put foot before foot while holding her hand. Sue resisted her urge to skip like a happy little girl. In the lift up, another couple was going to the sixth floor. Sue smiled at them, practically winking, while she pressed her tits against Mark. They entered their apartment. She broke away and now did skip into the bedroom. She tossed her shoes into the corner and threw herself onto the bed.
It was a cloudless, warm night with an almost full moon filling the room with its milky sheen. They had not yet turned on any lights. Throwing herself on the bed had left Sue's dark, thin summer dress in disarray. Mark's eyes were drawn to the rounded whiteness of a thigh and buttock, the contours of a bare shoulder and the swell of one half-escaped breast. Sue, spread out like this was all wanton invitation!
Then Mark's eyes were drawn to the window. In open view was a white high-rise, similar to theirs. Many of its windows were alight. Although the building was some distance away, the shape and movement of people in some of the windows could be seen.
What caught Mark's attention was the shape of an object close to one of the lit-up windows on a level with theirs. There was a human shape behind it. When Mark stepped up to the window to focus sharper, he recognised the shape as a tripod with a telescope mounted. It was not aimed at the sky or the city across the bay but at their building. The shape behind it was a man.
Mark turned to Sue, "We are being watched. There is a voyeur in the building across. He has his telescope on us."
Immediately interested, Sue scrambled up from the bed. Her dress slid down from her shoulder. Then, in a panic, she covered her boobs with her hands, "Can he see us?"
Mark laughed, "No. Not unless we turn on the light. The man is watching something interesting in an apartment in our building, though. Somebody must have left the light on and not drawn the curtain."
Sue had stepped behind Mark, still standing close to the window. When his hand reached back, it brushed up over a bare thigh and sheer panties. Sue had shed her dress. As she stared across at the voyeur hunched over the telescope, she felt he was looking at them. And she was almost naked! It made her whisper her question, "Why Mark, doesn't he watch us from a dark room. We can see him looking at us!"
Mark remembered a woman he had known, and how much it turned her on getting fucked with no curtain drawn. Therefore, he decided to answer Sue hiding nothing: "I'm sure many voyeurs lurk in the dark. This man is different: He wants to be seen watching by those that like to be watched."
When Mark finally took Sue in his arms, he turned her back to the window. With her ass almost touching the glass, Mark slid his hands under her panties. Pulling her buttocks apart, he murmured in her ear, "The man can't see you, shy Sue. He can't see what I'm doing to your sexy ass because we have no light on. He doesn't know what he is missing!"
Sue began to twist against Mark's growing erection. Her protesting "No! God, no Mark!" he kissed from her lips. But then, she broke free of his grip.
CHAPTER 5
Sue turned towards the bathroom. Looking back over her shoulder, she ordered Mark to get undressed and into bed. Mark obeyed and waited. On leaving the bathroom, Sue stopped in the doorway. She looked down at Mark's nude shape, on the bed. Even in the moonlit semi-darkness, Sue could see his erection.
And Mark did not just look at Sue. He drank her in as she fronted him: Long-legged, broad-hipped, flat-bellied, with the challenging black triangle of a mature woman's pubes. And Sue, with her shoulders drawn back and raised head, wanted to show off her enticingly pushed-out breasts, crowned with darkish areolas and perky nipples. Mark would have never imagined that such sexiness was hidden under the non-descript clothing she had worn to class as his student. Neither could he have imagined Sue's provocative exhibitionism as she stood so advantageously framed in the bathroom's lit-up doorway.
Alone in the bathroom, Sue had thought about it in ever-increasing excitement until she stepped out. Fronting Mark on the bed, Sue also faced the left uncurtained window in full lit-up glory. And she wanted Mark to know that she wanted the man across the darkness outside the window to see her beauty. She wanted him to pant and lust for all he could not have!
And Mark confirmed that he knew and that he accepted her need. "God, Sue! You are beautiful and sexy standing there. I want all of you now, all for myself! Turn off the light. He has seen you long enough to rob him of his sleep. Come!"
Sue flicked the switch and rushed into Mark's arms, throwing him back. No denial from her, just a wild affirmation that it was him she wanted and only he that could take her. She sank her mouth on his and kissed him hard, her tongue invading his mouth in a maddening twirl while her hand gripped his cock.
Breathing heavily, Sue, dark-voiced, murmured into his mouth, "You are all excited too. Is it really something we want? But now, Mark, God, I want your cock!"
Starting at his neck, Sue moved quickly, nipping little kisses down his body. Then, without relaxing her grip, she shoved the cock's engorged head greedily into her mouth, meeting it with a maddeningly tantalising tongue. Not for her a first furtively explorative flick! She wanted his cock, all of it; she wanted it to enter and fill her mouth the way she wanted it to fill her cunt.
When Mark reached out for her thigh, she moved closer into reach, and as his hand slid up, it found her pussy hot and slippery-wet. She pressed and ground it against his fingers till one, then two slipped in deep while her mouth took his cock in as deeply as it had ever been taken. Her hand now gripped his balls. It did not take long before Mark feared to lose control and come into her mouth. And it seemed that Sue was beyond caring. Her thighs had started to shiver, and his deeply embedded fingers felt her pulsating as a hot gush wetted his palm. He pulled out. Reaching under her arms, he pulled Sue on top of him.
Although Sue started a protesting cry, she moved readily. Then, as her leg swung over, she reached down to push Mark's cock into her well-wetted cunt. As she rammed down, Sue cried out, "Yes, Mark! Let me, God let me ride you, God, fuck you!"
Mark pushed her upright and groaned, "I think you like being the woman on top! But I can buck your pussy and watch you ride into your coming."
Hunched over Mark, Sue clasped his face hard into her hands as her pelvis began to grind the captured cock. Then she lifted her ass and began to fuck him. Bent over him, Sue greeted each half-entering thrust by gasping, "Yes! Yes! God, I love riding your cock!" After a minute or so, Mark grabbed Sue's buttocks, almost lifting her off. But his cock still kissed her pussy's pouty, quivering lips.
Sue held her breath and then whispered hoarsely, "Let me down, Mark! God, I want to fuck, Mark, fuck you into a big coming,"
Mark did not respond as Sue wanted. Instead, he grabbed her arms and pushed her upright. Then, thrusting up, he rammed his cock into her to the hilt. Sue arched back with a cry. When he released her arms, Sue no longer wanted to crouch. Instead, she began to ride him and soon did so with a total, possession-taking abandonment of all restraint.
She rode him hard. And she sang her siren's song while her body twisted and arched under the gripping and caressing of his hands. They found her neck and her boobs and pinched her nipples into a pointy hardness. Then they shifted to Sue's in arousal, twitching buttocks. In the milky moonlight flooding through the window wall, his eyes consumed the voluptuous contortions of Sue's body. Mark heard himself whimper as he held back his climax for long, long minutes.
But then he exploded as Sue, with a shrill howl, threw herself back on the bed. Her whole body jerked and convulsed as her cunt gripped and milked his discharging cock. For a long while after, conjoined cunt to cock, they stayed like that to let the storm fade away.
In the unlit room, Sue, with her head at the foot of the bed, had turned her face. She was looking out at the still lit-up window of her watcher.
CHAPTER 6
Afterwards, they went for a shower. Without much talking, they turned on the jets at half pressure. They clung together, kissing and caressing each other and let the water-streams play over their spent bodies. It did not wake them into separating sobriety but soothed away the last of tensions. Back in bed, there was no need for them to find a new beginning somehow again. They were united in a mutually wanted embrace.
Sue could, therefore, find the words and dared to tell Mark - and thereby herself - what the last twelve hours had meant to her.
In a low voice, sometimes a whisper, Sue began by telling Mark that she could lie by telling him only that she loved their sex, that he drove her into climaxes she had never known before. She chuckled into his neck and continued, "It's true. You are driving me crazy, but for me ...". Sue swallowed, hesitated but then continued:
"For me, the miracle is that it is me that can make you want me so much. It is you being so turned on by me that drives me wild. I have never before been like today, or wanted or dared to be. I've never, never made love as we do! Today, I suddenly knew that I was beautiful and God, that my tits, my ass, my pussy my cunt were so hot, so sexy! I learned how much you, my lover, want to touch me, kiss me, fuck me, and eat me all up! And then I realised that by being so sexy, others would want me too. Knowing this now turns me on! I've never been so excited before. Are you shocked? My heating-up pussy made me stand in the lit-up doorway. The idea that that man's eye was on me and how much he wanted to fuck me made me weak in my knees."
Sue pressed her body against Mark's and his again stirring erection. He could feel her hardening nipples on his skin. Her lips searched for his, and the way she kissed him said it all. Confessing and imagining it whetted her pussy anew. Finally, Sue murmured hoarsely in his ear, "I'm not apologising. I want it. I know you knew we wanted it. Right from the moment you pressed my ass against the window!"
Sue was right: He knew. Did she also suspect that Mark was torn between being aroused by this watcher's envy and the onset of jealousy? Was he not enough for her? Did Sue, perhaps, want to be shared?
But was it that? Was it not her imagination that set her, in his arms, so wantonly ablaze? Did he want her to be different, with her lascivious imagination dulled? And as Sue, newly aroused, moved sinuously suggestively in his arms, as her lips murmured demands, and her hand gripped his hardening cock, Mark realised he wanted her just like that.
Having decided, he reached up and switched on the light bar over their bed. Then, as his hand stroked caressingly over Sue's face, he asked, "You want it on, don't you?" She remained silent, but her body twisted sinuously, in full view of the window's gaping eye.
And Mark began to make love to her breasts, sucking and biting her nipples into perky prominence, before covering her in excitement trembling stomach with kiss after downward wandering kiss. Then, turning Sue's legs to the window, he spread them. Then, first one, then two of Mark's fingers sank into Sue's wet-quivering pussy.
Mark's tongue flicked over Sue's ear as he whispered, "You and I are the ideal lovers: You always make me hard. And your pussy is always hot and wet and eager to be fucked. But, is it this time only for me?"
Sue hesitated to answer but when his cock rammed punishingly into her cunt, she cried out, "Yes, only you, Mark, I'm hot for your cock fucking me!"
The question resolved for now, they copulated in an inventive unison that left them, at times, breathless, at others moaning, shouting, shaking with laughter. Mark wanted it to last forever. He knew now that Sue climaxed quickly but he was learning to read the hair-triggered onsets of her orgasms.
In the beginning, Mark stopped and withdrew his cock at the first sign that Sue was close. Progressively, however, as they changed through positions and ways to extract the ultimate pleasure from their sex play, Mark began to wait longer. He let Sue slip just over the edge into the onset of another orgasm, only to pull her back then.
The third time he did it, Sue was riding into a glorious, wild, bucking coming. Mark grabbed her ass and lifted her off. Sue howled as she threw herself forward, dug her nails into his shoulder and hissed at him, "You bastard, stop stopping me!" But when he grabbed her and threw her on her belly and kissed and bit into her lovely ass, she stifled her cry and welled up laughter by biting into the sheet.
Mark moved up to kiss Sue's neck. In passing over her ear, he whispered that he would not let her run away from him with her private little climaxes. Then, after kissing her shoulders hard enough to mark her, he ran his tongue, pressing down hard, slowly down her spine. When Mark did not stop at her crack, Sue squeezed her sexily twitching buttocks feverishly together. And to every swipe of his wicked tongue through her twitching crevice, Sue responded by moaning, "No, Mark! No!" But it began to sound less and less like a protest.
Sue's ass, with every passage of Mark's teasing tongue, lifted higher. Her thighs spread open to show the beautiful shape of her pussy with its lips glistening and swollen from having been repeatedly fucked. Now it was his to savour with fingers and tongue. And he did. Sue's nails dug into the sheet, and her shrill cries urged him to kiss harder and finger her deeper.
Sue was already deep in the throes of her coming when Mark pulled away and pushed her belly down flat onto the bed. He rammed his cock into her. No longer holding back, Mark fucked her deep, unrelenting, with his body weight behind every thrust. He roared, and Sue answered, howling in ecstatic lust. With her body violently shaking and twisting, they were both sucked into a vortex of orgiastic fulfilment. Thrown eventually ashore, they huddled in a close, comforting embrace.
As words failed them, sleep came to the rescue.
CHAPTER 7
They slept till mid-morning. Sue made some toast and coffee, which they had in bed. Afterwards, finding it again challenging to keep their hands off each other, they just cuddled. Laughing and giggling, they assured each other that after last night, they had no interest in sex anymore. When Sue discovered some untoward stirrings on Mark, she jumped out of bed. She dragged him playfully to the bathroom, threatening to turn a cold jet on his forward cock.
They showered and got dressed without more mishaps. Then they strolled to the local pier where the boat picked them up for their pre-booked lunchtime harbour cruise.
It was a warm, beautiful day and the views as they circled the bay and crossed under the bridge amply compensated for the rather indifferent meal. Besides, Mark's eyes were drawn continuously to Sue. To him, she was radiantly alluring in her light summer dress. And it was not just his eyes that saw and looked at how her body contoured under the dress' light material, especially when she stood on the railing in the wind. There was something proud, almost triumphant in her smile. But she directed it so totally on him. So, Mark felt no jealousy about the other men whose eyes devoured Sue in her glory.
They disembarked on their pier at mid-afternoon again and walked back the short distance to their apartment block. Looking up at the windows, Mark noticed that while the windows were not mirror-glass, they were coated not to allow a view of inside during the day. In contrast, the other, white high-rise in direct line of sight to theirs had fully transparent windows. He looked across and could see the tripod and telescope but no human shape in the, to them, familiar window.
He said nothing to Sue about his observation when they sat down for a coffee. Afterwards, Mark drove Sue to her mother's place, where she temporarily lived, to pack up things for her trip to the Hunter. Sue asked him not to park directly in front of the house and to wait in the car. On the way back, they shopped for the feast and champagne for tonight.
The luxurious living room in their apartment adjoined the kitchen through a wide doorway. So far, Sue and Mark, with their interest centred on bed and shower, had barely entered it. Its large wall-to-wall, floor-to-ceiling window faced the same way as in the bedroom.
After depositing the bought goodies for tonight's feast in the kitchen, Mark stepped into the living room and walked up to the window. Sue had followed and stepped up to his side and into his arm. As they looked out and his hands cupped her breasts, braless under the thin fabric of her dress, she knew. Then Mark moved her body in front. He ran his hands down her side and kissed her long on the neck as they stood centimetres off the glass.
Almost whispering, Mark said, "It's our last night of living like millionaires. We ought to sprawl out and feast in this room tonight. Create our version of a Roman orgy."
Sue's body responded almost immediately with a sinuous wriggle. Mark's lips were now on her cheek, and one hand had caressed her mons. As Sue's ass began to rub against his growth, Mark voiced his wish, "I want you to stay in this dress. You are so beautiful and sexy in it, especially with so little or, perhaps, nothing underneath. You had a lot of eyes on you today on the boat. All those other men were jealous. I love being envied like that."
They went back to the kitchen. Sue wanted to start preparing their meal, but Mark stopped her. Pulling her close, he said there was plenty of time for that, "It doesn't get dark outside for quite a while." He smiled and looked at Sue. She did not even blush.
It seemed time for the champagne. They toasted each other. Sue emptied her glass with one greedy gulp and quickly refilled it. Raising it again, facing Mark, she blushed and proposed her toast, "To us and our Roman feast tonight. There are only two of us? How can we make that into a Roman orgy?"
She lowered her glass, pretending to be disappointed in advance. Mark grinned, raised his glass and said, "All it needs is a lively imagination. And tonight, I'll be the luckiest of Romans. I'll feast with a gorgeous woman cloaked in something that will show more than it hides. She put it on for me because she has not only a lively imagination but an exquisitely lecherous mind!" this made Sue grin. Standing up in front of Mark, she hitched up her dress and straddled his thighs. Then she kissed him, letting her tongue lick over his lips and spear into his mouth -- as he would do again with her pussy - with shameless abandon. Every thrust of her tongue demanded 'Kiss me like that!'... 'Do!'. And her moistening pussy rubbing on Mark's growing bulge left its mark.
Before finally releasing Mark, Sue giggled. With her tongue flicking his ear, she whispered, "God, you are so right about my dirty mind. I have wet my panties again! Shall I take them off for the rest of the day?" With a cheeky grin, Sue skipped away.
CHAPTER 8
Eventually, darkness came, and all was set out for the feast on a large, glass-topped coffee table in the centre of the living room. It and the divan behind it faced the window like a stage. As Mark had wished, Sue still wore her little dress but had switched from sandals to high heels.
When Sue, swaying hips and ass, entered the room, a "Wow!" escaped Mark. Her legs were sensational, and so was her ass, temptingly rounded and alive under her skimpy dress. It had always seemed rather inconspicuous under the loose clothing she had worn as a student. Sue smiled down at him, pirouetted, and sexily wriggled her ass, "Do you like what you see? Is it Roman enough for my Lord and Master tonight?"
Mark, sitting on the divan, opened his arms, inviting Sue for an answering kiss. She bent over, and as they kissed, he moved his hands caressingly slowly up the back of her calves, her thighs and her buttocks. Sue had not replaced her whetted panties from before.
As he touched, Sue smiled at him, trying to read his reaction. Mark grinned, "You are a show-off: a clever, very naughty and very, very sexy one! And I love every bit that you put on a show for us. How much more will there be before the night is out?"
With a sexily low-voiced murmur, Sue replied, "The night is still young" -- and kissed him again. Quite wildly, this time, because his hands on her ass had spread open her cheeks. When she broke free from his embrace and raised herself to full heights in front of him, Sue was back-lit. Her dress, translucent in this light, left nothing unhidden.
The foreplay of Mark and Sue had in no way dampened their other appetite. Sitting, at first, orderly on the divan, they hungrily began to eat, toasting each other repeatedly with champagne. Then, with the first hunger sated, they remembered the Romans and began to lounge.
Sue decided to be the slave girl that had to slither and slide around in serving her Master. It brought, of course, her skimpy garment into revealing disarray. She did not seem to notice. Mark's hand, however, was often near to or on what should have remained hidden.
With no grapes to peel, Sue concentrated on the shrimp. Kneeling next to Mark, she cracked their shell with her teeth, pulled out their sweet flesh with her teeth and offered the morsel to be shared or kissed off her lips. Every time her lips closed temptingly to his, Mark's hands got busy.
As Sue knelt, it was easy for Mark to slide his fingers up her thighs to make her arch and moan through her closed lips as his fingers found and pushed between her slippery-hot nether lips. Or he stroked up her side to caress a breast. As his hand slid up, it raised her dress and unpeeled half her body to sight, for whoever may have chosen to look. The prospect made Sue shiver, and every movement of her body made her excited state of arousal visible.
However, it was her mouth and tongue, the grip of her pussy on Mark's fingers, and an occasional burst of silent laughter - as if she meant to shout, "Look at me! Don't you envy him?" that assured Mark that she was his, only his!
Their throats were dry from lust, and there was no more champagne on the table. They got up, she with a suggestive smile straightening out her dress, sliding her hands sinuously down her body as she faced the window. Gathering the plates and cutlery, they went to the kitchen and then returned with a fresh bottle of champagne.
Sitting on the divan next to each other, they refilled their glasses and slackened their thirst. When Mark asked Sue what she wanted for the rest of their night, she lay back on the diwan, stretching out her arms. Her dress had slid up to her belly, baring the dark triangle and the glistening lushness beneath.
Mark put a hand sheltering over her pubes and said, "You are the most delicious, sexiest woman I have ever known, and your admirer across will ever see. What do you desire now? What are we going to leave for later, for the bedroom? Do you want us to fuck?" Mark paused, catching his breath. One of his fingers had slipped into Sue's pussy. "Do you want your pussy eaten now? Or do you want to make love to my cock first? You have not even touched it yet. Don't you like my cock the way I love your pussy?"
Sue burst out laughing, wrestled herself free and slid down on the floor to kneel before him. She reached for her glass, toasted him, took a sip, looked up at him and whispered, "I'll show you how much I love your cock! Just don't dare to come. Not yet. Not for a long time yet!"
She stripped him, making a show of her unhurried deliberation. First, the shoes, then the socks, each one was thrown over her shoulder into the room. Then reaching up, she unbuckled Mark's belt, ceremoniously unzipped his trousers and jerked them down centimetre by centimetre. They also were thrown back on the floor. Sue smiled approvingly up at him as she pulled down his boxers and his rampant pole jumped out at her. Then, offering anybody looking a view of Mark's impressive manhood, Sue moved sideways to begin her ministration.
Her hands, lips and tongue began a caressing play with his rod. Eventually, however, her mouth took in more and more of Mark's straining cock. And unfitting for a mere slave girl, her teeth threatened sweet torture. Finally, after long, sweet minutes, Sue decided to stop. She looked up and whispered, "You owe me now; you'll pay me later. I can't wait! God, sucking your cock makes my pussy tingle!"
She stood up, reached down and pulled her dress up over her head in one, almost violent move and threw it over her shoulder. Then, her arms raised, beautiful naked now, she stretched as if newly liberated from her bonds. Finally, she threw herself anew on Mark for a long, shameless, telling-him-all kiss before she slithered, snake-like, down his body to fasten her mouth again on his manhood.
If this play continued, Mark knew he would come. Sue's hungry mouth on his cock was so unlike the lips of an obedient slave girl. Mark struggled to get away, but Sue would not allow his escape. Her nails dug into his buttocks as her mouth took in more and more of his cock. Finally, he had to grab her hair and pull her off, begging her, "Sue! Sue, you have to stop! Stop, or I'll come!"
Mark had momentarily forgotten about the window. He stood up and ripped off his shirt. Sue, all at play, cowered at Master's feet. And he bent down, jerked her upright and picked her up like a disobedient child. For a moment, her weight made him stagger. Then, hoarse with lust, he croaked, "You wait! Now you'll get yours, you witch!"
When Mark turned away from the window to carry her to the bedroom, Sue protesting sunk her teeth and nails into his shoulder. He knew why he was punished!
As he carried her through the bedroom's doorway, Sue's grasping fingers found the switch and all the lights flooded the room. Her face was high-coloured with wild excitement. She had twisted her body so that her lips could fasten on his. Sue's tongue with a moan sunk deep into his mouth. Mark staggered, blinded by the sudden brightness to the bed and threw Sue down. As he bent over her, her legs shot up and locked around his hips. Pressing her fevering pussy against Mark's rock-hard erection, she, almost whimpering, asked, "Are you going to fuck me or eat me now? What first? God! I want both, Mark! Fuck me, eat me! Don't make me wait any longer!"
Her twisting had drawn his cock into her cunt to make her cry out another staccato of "Yes! Yes! I want your cock! Fuck me!" The vice-like grip of her legs restricted him from withdrawing to slide his cock in and out in teasing play. Sue had locked him in, and every jerking attempt at a thrust made her cry out. She was filled up to the ultimate depth of her cunt. When her body began to shiver as a climax washed in, she gasped, "No! Mark! Not yet! You bastard, not yet!"
CHAPTER 9
Sue's voice broke as her legs released him. She pushed Mark away and scrambled onto the middle of the enormous bed. With her face turned to the window, Sue stretched out her shivering body. Her thighs opened to offer Mark the sight of her lusciously glistening cunt. And Mark knew for what Sue was now waiting: It was for his tongue in her cunt and his cock in her hungry mouth! As he turned and sunk his tongue between the pussy's glistening lips, he pulled Sue over him. Knowing what possessed her imagination, he did not cover her beauty under his body.
From experience, Mark knew how favourable this position of sixty-nine would be for her. Sue had revealed herself as a lasciviously, playful woman. Her luscious pussy and yearning clit would no longer just be there for him to do with as he pleased. Being on top would free her to press down on his tongue when she wanted it deep in her cunt. She could lift off whenever she was close to coming and give Mark the thrill to see the excitation of her love swollen fold. Most importantly, Sue could gyrate her clit over the tip of his tongue to make it twirl over her pearl and rob her of her breath. Being on top, she was going to be the mistress of her pleasures.
Mark assumed that Sue knew little about the pleasure awaiting her. Therefore, he gripped, in the beginning, her buttocks to guide her pussy through all the pleasuring possibilities the, perhaps, new for her position offered. However, Mark quickly found out that Sue was not the novice he had assumed to oral pleasure.
She resisted shifting when she wanted his lips and tongue to continue their ministration. And her ass started to press in protest against his hands whenever she momentarily wished to escape the deep-probing of his tongue or wanted it to shift, to pleasure her clit. So, Mark released his grip on her buttocks. Instead, he caressed all over her body while her pussy made love to his captive lips and tongue, just the way it wanted.
In the beginning, Sue's attention was somewhat distracted from properly loving Mark's cock. Her hands, lips and tongue had only foreplay-like - with an eye to the window -- toyed with her lover's rampant erection. But rather quickly, Sue became fired up by the salacious inventiveness of her pussy. She pushed her face into Mark's groin and, with a lust-charged gasp, sank her mouth onto Mark's throbbing cock to begin a long and more and more intensive suck. But Sue read the signs to perfection. Whenever she had brought Mark close to coming, she stopped.
When Sue lifted her pussy once again to press Mark's tongue on her clit, he gripped her buttocks hard. He pulled her pussy onto his mouth, closing his teeth over the fleshy petals of her clit. Then he sucked out her pearl, and his tongue began to twirl, then only stopping to suck her clit out to close his teeth over it. Sue's body began to writhe, with her boobs and stiff nipples rubbing over Mark's belly. Releasing his throbbing cock, Sue threw back her head. With her fingers clawing the sheet and a drawn-out stuttering scream directed at the window, Sue climaxed. And so did Mark while his mouth continued to suck in and bite Sue's, now hot-juice-filled sex. It made Sue, shivering uncontrollably, whimper, "Please! Please, Mark. Stop, I'm dying!"
Mark turned to lie down next to Sue. She was stretched out on her back, breathing as heavily as him. The streaks of his semen were mainly on her shoulder and breast. Sue looked at him as she began to rub it slowly onto her skin. Then a grin played over her face, beautifully redrawn in the turmoil of just spent lust. With a voice still sexily hoarse from her love song, Sue said, "It's your fault. You made me scream. Now it's wasted. And I wanted to taste you, the way you have drunk and tasted me."
She cuddled up close, and their lips found each other in a long, now tasting of each other kiss. Then, when she broke away, she whispered, "God, I don't want this to stop, but we'll tear each other apart. We need to calm down. Let's have a shower."
Under the soothing warmth of the water streaming down on them, they continued to kiss and touch and wash each other. When Mark's hand began to wash her pussy, Sue complained that she was, like never before in her life, getting very tender. But then, Sue drew him close and locked his hand between her thighs. She moaned in his ear, "But, I still want your cock, your tongue, your fingers in my tender pussy! Again, and again! Am I a slut?"
Mark assured her that she was a hot-blooded, exciting, beautiful woman and how much he loved her slutty ways. He could not get enough of her either, however sore his cock got.
As Mark looked over her shoulder into the large mirror on the opposite wall over the dual basins, he stopped talking in surprise. He not only saw himself and Sue embraced in the shower but through the bathroom's open door, the bedroom and its window. If the voyeur across was still behind his scope, they were in a mirror-reflected view. Mark gripped Sue and turned her to face the mirror. Then, as he let his hand slowly glide down over her breasts and belly and pubes, he told her.
Her body stiffened in momentary shock, but when Mark turned the jets on fully, she burst out laughing and moved into his embrace. She murmured, "Dare you". Then, for long minutes, Sue squirmed and arched under Mark's hands as he forced her into the tantalising streams of hot water. As it gushed over her breasts, her sexy dark nipples perked in excitement. Next, only briefly, still embracing her from behind and bending her back, he turned Sue's triangle into the path of a lower jet. She remembered what he had done, and she mewed in expectation. Mark, however, had changed his mind and murmured into her ear a cryptic, "Just you wait, you witch!"
He turned her around to let the water jet break over her bottom. When Mark grabbed her buttocks, pressing them together and moved her cleft up and done in the jet stream, Sue cried out in surprise and bit into his shoulders. He moved her, tiny step by tiny step closer to the wall and jet, with each move increasing the intensity of pressure. Then he suddenly spread her cheeks, and the hot gush hit her anus and pussy with an invasive power that made Sue howl and twist in his arms. As he reached under her thighs and lifted her, Sue's pussy pressed against his cock, and her arms closed around his neck and her legs around his hips.
As Mark tried to move Sue's spread-open anus and pussy into a jet stream, it hit his balls and cock. Crying out, he staggered back two steps and almost dropped her. Sue now howled with laughter. Mark persisted, but even from the forced-back distance, as the water gushed over their close-together cunt, cock and balls, he found it more difficult to bear than Sue. He staggered and wavered; the water sprayed around them. Sue was now more in the grip of fits of laughter than in waves of sexual bliss. When she slipped out of his grip, Sue sunk helplessly to the floor. He just managed to turn off the jets before he joined her. They finished up rolling around on the tiles, wrestling each other, shaking with laughter.
Recovering somewhat, it was Sue's hand that wiped over the spray-covered glass and looked at the mirror. They had forgotten to turn on the fan: The steam from their play had coated the mirror. Pointing at it, Sue laughed, "He missed the clowns. And now his show is over!" Later when Sue towelled herself dry, out of sight through the door, she added, "I think our friend has seen more than he deserves already."
But then Sue dropped the towel to the floor and turned into the doorway. She smiled back at Mark, and her look challenged him to watch her! Sue strolled through the lit-up bedroom to the window. She paused, fronting it in her proud, naked glory for a few seconds to look searchingly across to the white tower. Then she reached for the button switch to let the curtain glide shut.
Mark had stopped in the bathroom's doorway to watch her. When Sue turned, they faced each other across the expanse of their giant bed. It was Sue that broke the silence. She stepped up to the bed and raised one knee. Her eyes had not shifted from his. With a smile and calm voice, Sue said, "Do you still want me? Want me as much as I have wanted you every second of tonight? Was it naughty that I had to prove it to our watcher, lurking behind his spyglass? Now, show me you want me still!"
Mark hurried to the bed, but Sue was quicker in slithering into its centre and receiving him in an entwining embrace of arms and legs. His hand had somehow landed on her ass and slipped between her thighs. Her mouth was on his as she moaned that she wanted only him in her now so tender pussy. His fingers found a hot-slippery welcome, and her lifted pelvis urged them in deep.
When her searching hand found Mark wanting, Sue murmured, "You are not going to leave me frustrated, are you, Mark?" He told her to be patient with an old man like him, who needed special incentives to recover.
Mark turned to place himself along Sue's side. Resting on his elbow, he gently pulled apart Sue's thighs. As he bent in to kiss and lick their velvety inside, his awakening cock closed in on Sue's willing mouth.
Soon her hand, lips and tongue had his cock as fully aroused as he had her pussy. Mark had taken a sweet-long time to lick Sue's lust-swollen pussy lips open. But when his thumb slid into her cunt's tightness, and his tongue found her clit, he began to hear the stifled love song from Sue's cock-sucking mouth. Then, as Sue's thighs began to stretch and shake after long-sweet minutes, Mark had to stop feasting. With a whimpering cry, Sue fought a major orgasm back into a mini-one.
Mark quickly turned around and hugged her into a comforting cuddle. When he laughed and asked, "You are getting good at this. How many more like that one would you like?" her teeth snapped playfully for his ear, and she pinched him hard in his side. Breathily she called him a sadist but then declared, giggling, that they were a perfect match, "How many such orgasms are you offering? There are never enough for me?"
Sue's hand on his again hardening cock and his fingers in her still slippery, hot-tender pussy proved how perfectly they were matched. He had learned that she liked to have the choice. So now, Sue swung her leg over him, straddled him, reached down and lowered herself with a drawn-out sigh of pleasure centimetre by centimetre on his rigid rod.
At first, she hunched over Mark to cover his face with quick, little kisses. Then, stammering with interruptions, Sue told him how much she loved to ride him. She wanted him to look at her, talk to her, touch her, make love to her face, her tits and ass, and finger her clit to drive her really crazy! Finally, bursting into laughter, Sue promised, "I'll ride you into the wildest climax you ever had!"
While Sue searched for words, she rhythmically rode his cock. She was fucking him, and he, not wishing to be idle, had begun to glide his fingertips with nails through her spread-open crack. Sue yelped, and as he did not stop, she moaned, "You do love my ass? This is wicked! God, don't stop!". Then she pressed her lips on his and made Mark drink her whimpering, quickening breath.
Then Sue shifted forward to bring her breast close to Mark's face. His lips and teeth closed over her nipples. Sucking and biting them none too gently and switching between them, they peaked quickly into a beautiful, exciting prominence. Now, Sue, forcing her body out of this caress, sat up. As his cock sank in deep, her hands reached back to clasp Mark's knees. With her head raised high, Sue lasciviously arched back to offer a view of her breasts with their sucked, pointy nipples. And Mark's hands slid up her sides to cup and caress Sue's fabulous tits.
Sexily hoarse, he told her what a sexy woman she was and how her shameless nipples gave away how turned-on she was. They were just like her always lusciously wet and hot pussy! He was crazy about her. She was the most exciting, sexiest woman to make love to, to kiss and fuck and eat up that he had ever known. She made him deliriously happy by wanting him as much as he wanted her.
Sue, now in an upright stance, rode Mark with deep thrusts and a slow, sensuous turning out of her hips. She looked down at him, her eyes shining and her lips moist and half-open, "Do you like to watch me ride? You know I am a show-off. Is it a turn-on for you? I'll have to make it then into my favourite position."
Sue had raised her arms over her head to show off her swaying body in a triumphant display. Mark murmured his assent and ran his hand in admiration over her moving hips, her arching sides and her tensing belly. And then, a finger strayed into her bush and unerringly touched her clit. And Sue greeted it with a whimpering gasp.
His other hand had reached up to caress Sue's neck and hair and her face. Then, as his fingers played over her lips, they opened to suck them in, covering them in saliva. And then, these two fingers pushed past the already cock-filled entrance of her cunt to begin their repeated sliding-in-and-out caress. With meowing shrieks, Sue bucked against the wicked double intrusion, and how Mark's now double-slippery fingers pressed and rubbed on her throbbing clit.
The way Sue now rode his straining cock and pressed with every thrust his fingers against her clit drove her wild. She rode Mark unrelentingly, with her head thrown back, her face contorted as she moaned and screamed and laughed her lust at the ceiling. Both of them were rushing towards a climax but Mark still wanted more and was sure, so did Sue. He withdrew his fingers and pulled Sue into an embrace.
Cradling her face, he told her that he wanted to taste her juicy cunt before or as she rode him into the wild climax she had promised. Did she want that? And Sue gasped a breathless, "Yes! Mark! Eat me, fuck me, eat me again! God, I love it!"
Sue no longer had any preferences, much less any shameful qualms about letting Mark know her sexual hunger. Laughing, she rose upright to dismount. But as she bent back, his hardness filled her again to the rim and made her body arch in a surge of climactic bliss.
When Mark's hands reached for Sue's ass, she suddenly knew! She lifted off his cock to wriggle forward. Then she looked spellbound down on Mark as he -- looking up at her - slowly slipped his face between her spread-open thighs. And then Sue began, guided by his hands, to circle her hot gaping sex over Mark's mouth and tongue. Even more than the feeling, the thought of what she did, soon brought Sue to the edge. The quivering of her thighs and the first gush from her cunt told Mark to push her away.
This time he did not give Sue time to recover from her no longer so mini orgasm. She had tumbled over the edge. So, he grabbed her hips. He strained to lift her pressing down cunt off his face and down onto his cock. As he rammed it in, Sue slumped forward, and Mark gripped her buttocks. His fingers pressed into her ass' crack as he fucked her with prolonged staccato-bursts of deep, upward thrusts.
Finally, he grabbed Sue's arms and forced her, totally in the grip of a non-stoppable orgasm, to sit up. Mark held her twisting and arching body, glistening with sweat, upright in his grasp. Sue, her head thrown back and shouting to the ceiling, bucked and rode them into the ecstatic coming together she had promised.
When Sue sunk forward, pressing her breasts against his chest, Mark felt the hammering of her heart.
After a while, without a word, Sue went to the bathroom. When he heard the shower, Mark followed. He relieved his bladder and then joined her in the enclosure. He reached out for her, but she gripped his wrists and told him, quite seriously, "No more touching for us tonight." Nevertheless, as she turned to step out of the cubicle, her ass gave him a playful pump. When after a quick wash, Mark joined her in the bedroom, Sue had been at work.
She had prepared the bed: Two pillows side by side and the cover folded back for entry. She turned to Mark and covered her breasts with her hands. Then, smiling shyly at him, she said, "All I would need now for a good night's sleep is my nighty." Then Sue burst into a giggle. Pointing to the bed, she told him to get in; she would turn out the light.
Sue, with the light out, did not rush back to the bed or into his arms. Seconds passed, but then there was the swish of the curtains opening. In the moonlight washing in, her silhouette outlined against the window, Mark saw her looking out.
When she lay down next to him, they were no longer touching. It was this break in mood that made Mark reflect on what had happened to them over the past thirty-six hours. Then, the voice low, he said, "You know, Sue, it has been a miracle, something I did not expect. I have never made love to a woman like you. Over two days, two nights. Always wanting you, more and more!"
Sue lay still and silent next to him. Finally, he forced himself to ask her the, for him, critical question. Mark managed to stammer, "What has it been for you?"
Sue made him wait, not deliberately so. When she answered, her voice was low but composed:
"The last days and nights with you were for me magical but also disturbing. I have never loved a man and been loved by one like this before. I never knew that I would want it, never dared to find out. I did not believe that sex for me and with me could be so good, so exhilarating, and so exciting. And now I know what making love can be like. What scares me now is that I could so easily fall in love too. With any man? I don't know? And with us, that wouldn't do. Would it?"
With a "Good Night", Sue turned away from him. It took Mark a while to fall asleep.
The following day, they packed their things, and restored a semblance of order in the apartment but left most for the company's cleaners to put right. Then, as agreed, the keys were left in the letterbox, and Mark and Sue were on the way, up for tasting more than just wine in the Hunter Valley.
Were they on the way to a beginning or an ending delayed?
They did not know.
-----------------------------------------------------