Prologue Written by Stan
It was a little more than two years after we agreed to a joint writing project that we met at my house to read the accounts that had been written by each of the five of us. During the intervening months I had read the stories from each of the participants (Patti, Connie, Robbie, BD and my own) and we had ongoing exchanges about the project. No one but me had seen any submission by anyone else until day we got together at the end.
BD's wife Ellen had come with him but she was off by herself at the other end of the house with a full set of the stories which she was reading to herself.
When we gathered for the reading we put names in a hat and drew them out one at a time to determine the order of reading. As the editor and one of the authors, I claimed the right to go last. Connie's name was drawn first, I passed out copies of what she had written to all the others and she read it out loud while they followed along.
When Connie finished reading her memories of the night and telling us the story about her life we sat in stunned silence.
BD was the first to walk over to her and give her a hug. "I'm sorry I was so rough with you," he said.
"Don't be sorry, I loved every bit of it, every fucking stroke," she laughed.
"I knew you and Stan were fucking while Robbie and I were going at it," said Patti, "you think I'm blind? And I tasted him in you just a few minutes later." Then she added "two hundred partners, no kidding? Congratulations. I'm proud of you." Patti sat down next to her, put her arm around her and held her tight for most of the rest of the night.
"Connie, you get to draw for the next story reader," I said.
She reached into the hat pulled out a card and announced "Robbie, you are next."
Chapter 3
Robbie's Story
When I was young I was an easy lay, and as I aged I got even easier. Not that I fucked the whole football team or anything like that, but I would have if they has asked. Starting way too young I had a string of boyfriends. Each of them hung around for a few months and each of them got fucked well and often. When I was young I was not petite by any definition, I am six feet tall, I have broad shoulders and hips, my long straight hair was dark brown. My shoulders are squared and muscular. I have always been able to lift more and reach higher than practically every woman and lots of men.
I've always been proud of my powerful body, no one ever called me cute, adorable or any of those diminutive and endearing words. I always wished I had larger boobs. To get a sense of my build, pick up a 42B/C bra and compare it to a 36DD. You will see the straps are much, much longer and the cups are way smaller. My back is broad and strong, but my boobs were a little small; breast enlargement surgery solved that short coming a few years later.
I was out of high school for three years and working in a women's apparel shop in the local mall. A new girl named Cheryl came to work in our store and we became friends. She was a couple years younger than me and she enjoyed more variety in her sex partners, a lot more. She flirted with all the guys in the shops around the mall.
When one of the guys in the shoe store next door would go into their backroom to get shoes for a customer to try on, Cheryl would go through the connecting door between our storerooms and flash her tits at him or pull up her skirt and show her pussy. Then we would run out to the front of their store to see if the guy had a boner while he was helping a customer try on shoes. She gave blow jobs and had sex more than once in our try-on rooms when there were no customers in the store.
We spent a lot of time talking about sex and daring each other to try new things. Cheryl dared me to have anal sex with my boyfriend. I tried, but he was a klutz. He tried to get his cock in my ass, but he was so tense that he couldn't keep it hard enough. I dared her to suck off a man and bring his cum in to show me. She sucked off one of the shoe guys and after he left she motioned me to come back to the storeroom, then she opened her mouth and showed me a big glob of cum which she spit out into a sandwich bag. She seemed to always win the dares.
My boyfriend of two years was possessive, I felt that the fact that I was fucking him 2-3 times a week should have been enough and he should leave me alone after that. He acted like he owned me and got jealous when I just flirted with other guys. We were in the process of breaking up, about 2-3 good bye fucks away from never seeing each other again.
On a weekend off, Cheryl went to visit some of her friends at one of the big universities. She came home with stories about all the hot men she met at a fraternity party and how she been fucked three times in one night by three different men. That was hot and I believed her. I was well aware that she could turn on the sex appeal. She was a slut and I was a serial monogamous whore, she was having more fun and I was ready for some variety in terms of the cocks that found their way into my snatch.
********
I didn't know anybody at the university, but Connie, one of my best friends, attended a small college across the state, I called her to get her opinion about the cock options at her school. I had known Connie for years and I had no doubt that she had sampled several.
I had to work closing shift on Friday so I didn't get there until around noon on Saturday. I met Connie's roommate Patti and when we started talking about men, one big, unexpected issue came up. Patti was a lesbian who had recently turned bi-sexual.
I asked if the two of them had ever had sex together and they gave me a lecture about just because she was lez that didn't mean that she licked every pussy she saw.
I repeated my question," have the two of you ever had sex together?"
"Yes," they finally told me.
"How many times?"
"Two or three, not more than twenty or thirty," they laughed.
I specifically asked Connie, "did you eat Patti's pussy."
"Yes," she said. Then she went on to say that just a few days earlier Patti had come back to their room with a hot load of cum in her pussy and she ate it out of her. I told them that was really hot and I wanted to do it.
I explained my objective, I wanted go back to my friend at work and tell her I had fucked three men. They thought it was a great idea and assured me I had come to the right place. I didn't tell them at the time but I was also hoping to get my first taste of pussy, I think they knew that.
We settled on a list that included Stan who was Patti's primary fuck partner, some guy whose name I don't remember, he was Connie's regular boy toy, a scary guy called BD whom they assured me had the biggest cock either of them had ever seen. Connie would line it up with her guy and Patti would make arrangements with Stan and BD.
They gave me a run down on the guys:
Whatever his name was that Connie has been screwing is solid fuck, but not very creative. He loves having his cock sucked but don't do it too long because he will cum in your mouth and he never cums twice in one session. And don't waste your time having him eat your pussy, Patti and Connie had both tried to teach him what to do with his tongue and he just couldn't seem to learn. Patti told me that if I still needed to get my pussy eaten after I finished with the men that I should find her. That thought stayed in my mind all day.
Stan is a great fuck, and he is a great pussy eater because Patti taught him how. He also likes sloppy seconds so don't do him first. I was pretty sure that Patti had some strong feelings for Stan beyond thinking of him as a good fuck.
With BD I should spread my legs, grit my teeth and hang on. He is a wild animal who will ram his giant cock in me and fuck at full speed for a few minutes before blowing a giant load in me. He doesn't eat pussy, doesn't give a damn if I have an orgasm or not, he thinks blow jobs are a waste of a good fuck and he pulls up his jeans and leaves when he is finished. I was really looking forward to him and counting on helping him last more than a few minutes.
********
I put on my fashion best, a pair of sexy tight pants and a tight white t-shirt that made my tits look bigger. At the time it was high fashion and I had an impression to make. I was a girl on a mission, get some fresh cock in my pussy, I headed out.
Connie and I went to a lounge where several kids were sitting around mostly watching TV or playing games. I was looking over the crop of men when a new guy walked in. Connie nudged me and told me that the new guy was Stan, Patti's favorite and one of the guys on my hit list. We went over and talked to him, Connie introduced us and he spent a lot of time looking me over. I wish I had been a little bolder about what I wanted from him, but I was nervous and I remembered that I was not supposed to do him first. He said he was going to go get a Coke from a vending machine on another floor, he even offered to get us something but we said no thanks.
He never came back. My mission was not off to a good start. Connie led me to Tim's room and knocked, no answer. We went out into the parking lot to look for his car but it was gone. So we were sitting on some steps and talking about what to do. Eventually Connie suggested that she would lead me to Stan's room and if he was there I should start with him.
I knocked on the door and immediately heard noise inside, like someone moving around. Then I nodded to Connie and she left. I knocked again, more sounds inside the room, but nobody came to the door. After the third time I knocked I called out, hopefully loud enough for him to hear me, and told him it was Robbie, the girl he had just met with Connie in the lounge. More noise and the door opened part way. He stuck his head around the door just a little and looked at me. I told him that Connie had said good things about him and I wanted to come in and get to know him better. He looked at me with a totally dumbfounded look and eventually opened the door, still carefully shielding his body behind the door.
After I walked in I turned around to look at him, he was no longer able to hide behind the door. He was naked. His dick was half hard and looking kind of red and wet. My first thought was that I had caught him jacking off. We both walked into the middle of the room and suddenly everything became clear, there was Patti in his bed, with the sheet pulled up under her chin. My jaw dropped, I looked from one to the other and muttered that I was sorry to have interrupted, I couldn't seem to think of anything to say and Stan said something like. "Patti and I were just fucking, would you like to join us?"
Patti lowered the sheet to her waist and I could see she was naked and there were several splats of cum on her belly and tits. "You are welcome to join in for the next round," she said. I dropped my pants, pulled the shirt over my head and told both of them that I was ready. Stan unhooked my bra and as I was removing it he pulled my panties down. I stepped out of them and said "let's do it."
Stan put his arms around me from behind, cupping and squeezing my boobs. He turned me around and kissed me, the finest kiss I had ever had in my life. I could feel his cock rising between my legs. He leaned over and sucked a nipple into his mouth while rolling the other nipple between his fingers. Then he lowered me so I was sitting beside Patti on the edge of the bed. He knelt down between my spread legs and continued kissing and sucking on my tits.
At about that time Patti scooped up some cum from her belly and tits and offered it to me. I grabbed her fingers and sucked on them like I was giving a blow job. Stan kissed his way down to my pussy and spread me open, he was an expert pussy eater, about the best I've ever been with. While he was kissing my pussy, Patti was coaching him; "lick her clit more, stick your fingers inside her," she was telling him what to do, but he didn't need coaching.
Eventually Stan told her to do it herself and she leaned over and took my clit between her lips. Stan stuck two fingers into my pussy, one finger in my ass and went back to sucking on my boobs. I came so hard that I almost passed out. OMG, getting my pussy eaten by a woman, maybe I'm also going to do my first anal tonight, I've never had an orgasm so strong and we are just starting.
I started blowing Stan, and I was jerking him fast and hard with my hand while doing a lot of sucking and bobbing. I had never been with a man who could take that for long and it seemed that he was about to cum. Before he knew what was happening I jumped up and straddled him, then quickly lowered myself down and took his cock in my pussy. Most of my lovers up to that point were quick triggered. I would ride them hard and fast and they would blow a load of cum in me or on me within a few minutes. I believed that guys liked to get off quick and I took some pride in making them happy. Apparently my read on Stan being about ready to cum was not even remotely accurate. As I pounded, twisted and wiggled my hips down into him with everything I had he was obviously enjoying it, but he was giving it back too.
Stan is a nipple twister/pincher. As I was riding high in the saddle he had his hands on my boobs and was twisting my nipples right to the border between pain and pleasure. He rolled me over so he was on top and kept on pounding into me. That is when Patti joined in again and started kissing me. I think that slowed me down, I laid back and started enjoying the long slow strokes Stan was giving me. Patti moved her mouth to my tits and started sucking and nibbling. She was biting just hard enough that I was feeling more pleasure than pain.
I remember thinking, "these guys are both nipple torturing crazy." Guys had played with my tits for years, but no one had ever given me that much sensation. Patti was laying across me on my left side and Stan had pushed himself up at arm's length, I reached under Patti and cupped a breast, with my other hand I reached up to Stan's chest. Simultaneously I gave them each a hard nipple twist, everything stopped and we all broke out in laughter.
It wasn't the first time I ever had an orgasm from a cock in me, but it was the first time I ever had multiple orgasms from a cock. Stan led me through 4-5 different positions and I climaxed with every one, and had additional climaxes from Patti rubbing my clit. I ended up back on top of him, this time with my chest pressed against his chest, we did some passionate kissing while he continued to fuck me slow and deep.
I looked deep into his eyes and said, "I want your cum inside of me, I'm on the pill, cum in me."
"Now?" he said as he picked up the pace quickly and before I could even answer he started erupting inside of me.
"Yes, yes, yes," I was yelling. "Yes, now. Yes, do that. Yes, just like that."
For more than an hour I had been having mind blowing orgasms, I gave Stan a long hard blow job he wasn't likely to forget for a while, I licked cum off Patti's tits, I kissed a woman, I licked a pussy, I sucked his cock while she ate my pussy, I got my ass finger fucked, and I got fucked like I had never been fucked before. The day was shaping up nicely.
It took a while for us to catch our breath. But finally we did and I knew I was already late for number two. As I got dressed I kept asking myself why I was leaving these guys to meet with someone Connie had told me wasn't going to be a good lover. I didn't really want to leave, but it was time to go.
Patti gave me a sloppy seconds advice; I should clench my pussy muscles tight to hold in the cum, don't wipe any off, give the next man a surprise.
********
I walked directly from Stan's room to the lounge and found Connie and what's his name sitting together at a table in the back of the room. Connie introduced us as I approached with pussy muscles clenched. I was totally giddy and couldn't wait to tell her about the incredible experience I had just had. As I sat down and was about to tell her the story she interrupted and told me that she had told her guy about my plan to get laid three times in one night and that he was pleased that I had chosen him to be the first. Connie and I had been friends for years, I picked right up on what she was telling me. Her guy was probably disgusted about sloppy seconds or just didn't want to put his dick in a pussy that another dick had just vacated. She had assured him he was going to be the first, even though she knew she had left me with Stan. I gave him a sexy smile but he didn't appear to be as pleased as Connie seemed to think.
Another insight suddenly occurred to me. Here I was with a big load of cum in my cunt and I was about to get in bed with a guy who might be disgusted with seconds. We chatted for a few minutes before Connie said, "go have fun guys." I asked to be excused for a minute, I need to visit the ladies room; Connie went with me.
As soon as I got Connie alone I asked her if he had a problem with seconds. She said he insisted on going first. I asked her why he didn't look happy about this. She explained that he was very nervous about sex with a girl he just met and he was afraid that he wouldn't compare favorably with the other guys I would be with later. She told me that he wasn't that great in bed despite how hard she had tried to train him, but he was safe. I wasn't going into this round with a lot of enthusiasm, but the Stan/Patti team would have been a tough act for any man to follow.
I did step into a stall and wipe away as much of Stan's cum as possible so that wouldn't be totally obvious to him. That was weird, I was standing there with my pants down, legs spread, trying to push the right muscles to get the cum to flow out of my cunt, wiping it off with toilet tissue, and all the while we were talking about the next guy I was scheduled to fuck.
On the way back to the lounge we ran into Patti. She let me know that everything was arranged with BD, he would be there to pick me up in less than an hour. At the time that was a relief, just give Connie's guy a quick fuck, take a few minutes to get ready and bring on the raging bull.
As I was warned, it wasn't a great fuck, it was just a plain fuck, and it was definitely not a quick fuck. He got me on my back in basic missionary position and started fucking at a good pace. At first I started rubbing my clit as he fucked me and I got off pretty quickly. But he never varied his pace, he just kept on fucking while I was having a finger induced orgasm and coming down from the orgasm; same pace, never harder, softer, slower or faster. He just kept fucking like a machine, never touching my clit or pinching my nipples, never even kissing me. I thought I would just let him fuck himself out, shoot his load and then I could leave.
After what seemed like time enough for 2-3 quick fucks I got him to stop for a minute while I turned around and got on my knees and elbows in front of him, hoping I was giving him an angle that would make him cum quicker. He just kept on pounding away at the same pace. I tried everything, clenching my cunt muscles to be tighter, pushing my ass back hard to meet him, nothing, just the same pace. By that time I was getting dry, starting to feel some burn, wondering if his cock was getting sore and starting to panic about the super sized cock that I was scheduled to fuck in only a few minutes. I was thinking that I could have used some of Stan's cum that I wiped away to keep me wet, and I was really hoping to have a minute to go grab the lube that was in my bag before the raging bull got his dick in me.
I got him on his back and was preparing to finish him off with a blow job when he pulled me up to ride him. By that time I was definitely feeling the friction burn and thinking my pussy might start smoking soon. I had enough. I jumped off, slobbered all over his cock and jerked him off with my hand. It was not a blow job, just a hand job. He dribbled some cum on his belly and my hand, I wiped my hand on his sheet, got dressed and left with barely a word spoken. I was already late for the date with the bull and I needed lube.
********
I ran up to Connie's room, grabbed the KY Jelly from my bag, removed the cap, pushed the nozzle end up into my cunt and gave the tube a big squeeze. When I got back down to the lobby Patti was there with BD to make the introduction. He was tall with broad shoulders, dark and dangerous looking, beard stubble on his face, wearing flannel and jeans, he smelled like trouble and looked like a man among boys. I was ready for a real man, not a robot fucking machine.
After introductions he looked me over from tits to pussy, I turned around and wiggled my butt for him so he could see it as well. He reached out and gave me a firm ass grab, when I turned back around he grabbed a boob and squeezed. He WAS like a bull sniffing a cow that he was preparing to mount. I wouldn't have been surprised if he had leaned over and smelled my cunt. He seemed to talk mostly in grunts and from the bulge in his well worn jeans I could see that he was getting excited. I loved it. As we walked out the door I turned around and gave Patti a big smile and a look that tried to convey the message: "Holy shit, can you believe this, I'm about to get fucked by a raging bull, if he fucks me to death tell my mother I died happy." That is lot to convey in one look, I was happy and ready for a fuck from a real man.
He drove a truck, big tires, running boards and high off the ground. He opened his door for me to get in. I slid across the seat to the middle and he got in behind me. I leaned over and kissed him on the neck and ear, he reached under my shirt and slid a rough and calloused hand up to my boobs, I pulled my bra up to give him access and he roughly squeezed them. I grabbed his bulge and he grunted and leaned over to give me a surprisingly passionate kiss. My head was spinning as he started the engine and grunted "let's go."
We went to his parents' house on a farm, it was dark and no one was home, there were cows and pigs in the barnyard. He led me through a back door and down the steps to a bedroom that looked and smelled like him. He sat down in a chair and I made a little show of pulling my top and bra off as I walked toward him. He ordered me to take my pants off and I did immediately. I realized I was shaking and scared as I walked toward him, but I calmed down when he wrapped his arms around me and held me tight.
Nothing about my third fuck of the night was a disappointment. I got him naked and gasped at the size of his cock. It was a good thing that my jaw dropped when I saw the monster cock, I don't think I could have opened my mouth wide enough otherwise. I had both hands wrapped around his cock like a baseball player holds a bat and there was still more cock sticking out above my hands than I could fit into my mouth, not that I didn't give it a good try.
He sat back in his chair and let me go to work on his cock. I did my stroking, sucking and licking with a lot of energy and all the roughness I could add. I could sense that I was doing what he liked. I was stroking him with a very firm grip, my mouth was over the tip of his cock, and I was slapping his balls hard enough to make a lesser man wither in pain. He just grunted in satisfaction. The advance report that he didn't enjoy a good blow job proved to be wrong, but I could tell he was getting close to cumming so I backed off and kissed him. His eyes got wide at the thought of me moving my mouth from his dick to his mouth but he didn't tell me to leave.
He practically picked me up and moved me around to the arm of the chair and bent me over. He grabbed me by the hips and pulled me back into his raging hard on. He didn't slam it into me in one giant thrust, but he didn't waste any time getting it buried in me. I don't know how long it was, 9-10 inches probably, and it was big around. He pulled back and slammed into me over and over, his balls slapping my clit. When he got into his rhythm I fully understood the raging bull comparison, I was like a rag doll impaled on the end of his wild and dangerous cock; I loved it.
I never could count orgasms well; they seem to all blend together with me, sometimes smaller orgasms lead up to giant peaks. This was the Himalayas, nothing but giant peaks. I was screaming ever nasty word I could think of as I kept begging for more. Tears were running out of my eyes, my ears ringing and my cunt pulsing while I screamed in ecstasy. It was over in less than twenty minutes and it felt like I he had been fucking me for hours. He stumbled across the room looking stunned and fell across his bed, I lay there over the arm of the chair with my ass up in the air and a stream of cum running down the inside of my leg. That was one hell of a fuck.
Eventually we both recovered, I walked over to his bed on shaky legs, put my lips down near his ear and told him that I had just had the wildest and hardest fuck of my life. "Any time," he grunted.
I stepped back and examined his magnificent body. He was hard and chiseled with a visible six pack even while lying on his back. These were muscles that came from hard work and sweat, not made in a fitness center. This was a man who spent his time on a farm and in construction work; digging ditches, tossing hay bales, shoeing horses, carrying heavy loads, and power fucking women when given the opportunity. His hair was jet black, his beard stubble menacing looking, and his pale eyes were narrow and deeply set.
He looked too good to pass up, and as I was examining his powerful body I noticed a twitch from his fat flaccid cock. I leaned over and sucked most of his cock into my mouth before it had a chance to come back to life. It didn't take long and I had much more than a mouthful. He recovered remarkably quickly and soon he was throbbing between my jaws. His eyes grew in surprise when I threw a leg over him and lowered my hips to take him into my still leaking pussy. He didn't move as I planted my palms on his chest and pushed my hips down to take him entirely inside me.
As he looked at me with a surprised, almost shocked look on his face I started pumping my hips and building up to the kind of hammering he had been giving me just minutes before. I was moving my hips and pounding down on him and his cock was pushing and stretching parts of me that probably were not built to be probed so hard. I found that I could trigger rapid fire orgasms by taking him all the way in and then moving my hips in a forward/backward rocking moving.
Over the next half hour I enjoyed countless orgasms as I pounded and did the little hip thrusting move. It was only when I attempted to slow down after one amazingly strong string of orgasms that I realized his rough hands were on my hips and he was pushing up with his hips and pulling me down to meet every thrust on my part. My hair was matted with sweat and the sweat was running down my chest and dripping off my tits on to his hairy chest and I got to a point where my orgasms seemed to be linked together with hardly any time between peaks. I had made up my mind that I was going to fuck another load of cum out of him or die trying when he began making low animal like groans and growls. He picked up the pace from frantic to frenzied and let out a very un-masculine squeal of pleasure-pain as he erupted into my exhausted cunt for the second time.
I didn't lay down on him; I fell on him with my tits mashed against his chest and his softening cock still inside me. His breathing slowed, he probably dozed off and I was feeling pretty proud of myself. It damned near killed me but I tamed the raging bull and turned him into a warm puppy. In the end the cunt was master of the cock and that mattered to me. I rolled off of him and reached down to scoop up a wad of cum that was leaking out of me which I rubbed it on my nipples.
When I reached down for a second handful of cum I spend some time teasing my clit and thinking, "he didn't kill me but I may have killed him." The shrinking dong between his legs was going to take a while to recover.
Fortunately, he revived enough to take me back to the college, neither of us said much on the quick drive. He got out of the truck, offered his hand in a gentlemanly manner to help me get out, and put his arm around me as he walked me to the door. At the door he kissed me very nicely and said, "Robbie, that was incredible, it was the most amazing sex ever."
"Any time," I said as I turned and walked away giving my ass an exaggerated wiggle. I had definitely tamed the raging bull.
********
I joined Connie and Patti in their room. I closed the door behind me and slid down to sit on the floor with my back against the door and a huge smile on my face. My head was spinning, my pussy was sore and I had been very, very well fucked. They insisted on details. I started with BD and gave them the whole story. I was proud of myself when I told them how I gave him a fairly long blow job, only stopping because he was about to cum. They were impressed. I asked both of them if they had actually fucked BD and they assured me they had. "Were you sore," I asked. Patti said she had gotten another fuck the same night and Connie said she couldn't get out of bed for two days.
"Well, not only did I get him to the edge with a blow job, I also got two loads out of him and turned him into a pussy cat. The first time he bent me over a chair and pounded me hard, the second time I rode him until he nearly passed out. He was kind and sweet to me when he brought me back here. He wanted my phone number, and he wants to see me again."
After a round of high fives, Connie asked about her guy and I explained that I had low expectations from what's his name the robot and he failed to measure up to my low expectations. I reminded both of them that they told me that he cums quick and he had his dick in me for over an hour, a long boring hour at that. I asked Connie if he takes that long to get off when she fucks him.
"Not the first time," he said.
I eyed her suspiciously and asked what she was talking about. "After he gets off once it takes a really long time for him to get off again," she said.
"Well, he must have jerked off just before you turned him over to me, because he took forever. I had to finally give him a hand job to finish him off. He fucked me so long and boring that I dried out. If I hadn't put a big glob of KY Jelly in my cunt before leaving with BD we would have set his house on fire from the sparks."
Finally Connie owned up. After she had left me knocking on Stan's door she ran into her guy and he was willing but insistent on going first. He was getting worked up about the possibility that I might be with someone else already. So she took him up to her room and gave him a quick fuck to keep him occupied. To her it was a quick fuck, but to me it was over an hour of boring sex and a sore pussy. I called her a bitch and she told me that if I had been a better fuck I could have got him off quicker. They we laughed about how it worked out. I'm still not sure she didn't just fuck him to make him not so quick triggered when I got him.
Then Connie asked me about Stan and I started telling her how incredible it was and all about all the things I had done for the first time. When I said it was the first time I had ever had a girl eat my pussy she turned to Patti and said, "YOU were there," it was a statement, not a question.
Patty explained about meeting Stan at the vending machines and a story about some shorts that turn him on. Connie was amazed. She yelled at Patti and said he hadn't told her that she was with Stan when I got there. Patti told her that Connie didn't tell her she fucked what's his name.
"Are there any other secrets from today," Connie asked.
We all looked at each other in silence until Patti said, "I warmed BD up while we were waiting for Robbie to finish with Tim." We high fived all around again.
Connie asked me if I felt good about achieving my goal. I told her that I was all fucked out and my pussy was sore, I was very happy. Connie asked if a three way lesbian session would interest me, I thought about that and said, "maybe."
Patti asked if anal sex sounded good, I thought even longer about that before saying, "maybe."
"How about both?" they asked at about the same time and with a big laugh. When I nodded Connie threw me a pair of shapeless grey cotton shorts and said put these on, no underwear. Patti and Connie both also grabbed a pair of the same kind of shorts, they took off their pants and underwear and put the shorts on.
"We are going to go see Stan," Connie said. "Take your KY Jelly, you are going to get your ass fucked."
Stan wasn't in his room. We turned off the lights and waited for him in the dark. I asked why Stan thought these baggy shorts were so sexy. There was no answer but I heard someone move and then felt a hand on my knee, the hand made its way up my leg, through the lose baggy leg of the shorts and rubbed my pussy. "OK, I get it," I said.
Patti had an idea for a game. With the lights out we all took a few steps around the room so no one knew exactly where they or anyone else was, nobody said a word. The game was that if someone touched you first you were to stop and let them feel up your legs to your pussy. Just from sliding a finger in your pussy they were to guess who they were feeling. Then we would mix up and do it over again.
In the first round Connie touched Patti, but when she started fingering her pussy Patti said "Of fuck me, fuck me, fuck me" as if she were having an orgasm. She claimed she couldn't help herself. In the second round a hand touched my arm so I froze, then the hand found my leg, then slipped inside the leg of the shorts and found my pussy. As I was waiting for whoever was fingering my pussy to guess who I was, another hand went up the back of my leg and spread my ass. Just as the second hand found my virgin ass the door opened, lights came on and Stan walked in and simply shook his head at whatever we were up to. Connie pulled her hand from my pussy and laughed, Patti pushed her finger up my ass and I just stood there shocked and happy.
We got the shorts along with the rest of our clothes off and tried a little of everything. One girl on my face, the other eating my pussy. Connie on top, me on top. Patti got me on my back with our legs intertwined and pussies rubbing together, that was intense. Years later I learned what we were doing was called tribbing.
The mental image of that experience has been clear in my head for all of these years. I've probably rubbed myself off a few hundred times, just thinking about what it was like to rub pussies with Patti. Does the image of a gnat fucking an elephant ring a bell? It wasn't quite that extreme, but if Patti and I were standing facing each other and naked, my nipples would be right at the level of her mouth, which is a fairly pleasant thought in itself. My fantasies, as well as most of my experience, had been with big rough men who had big cocks and one track minds when it came to fucking. Here was this tiny soft woman rubbing her tiny pussy all over my recently fucked cunt. She had me pinned down on the bed, and fucked me, and she was putting it to me in a way I would never have imagined, it was amazing. I weighed 70 pounds more than her, my clit was twice the size of hers. But damn, could that little slut ever fuck. She grabbed hold tight, hung on and never let up until I was totally fucked out.
While all of this was going on Connie was sitting on Stan's lap and I'm pretty sure that his cock was in her pussy. Later we arranged ourselves in a triangle so I had my mouth on Patti's pussy, Patti had her mouth on Connie's pussy and Connie had hers on my pussy, the perfect lesbian triangle.
Then came the promised butt fucking, but we were all laughing and joking so much that it was hard to feel sexy, it was more fun than erotic at the time. Stan didn't need any help getting hard, but Connie and Patti kept taking turns sucking his cock and telling me that they need to get him hard. All the while I was yelling at them that were trying to suck him off so it would be a long, long butt fuck. Connie was holding my ass open, Patti had been putting lube and I don't know how many fingers in my ass, Stan had his cock lubed up. When Stan's cock finally slid into my ass it was as if Patti was fucking my ass with Stan's cock, she guided it in and then she was pushing and pulling his hips to fuck me. At one point after I realized it was feeling good and not painful I took charge and started pushing back into Stan's cock. In my mind it was Patti who was fucking my ass, Stan's body and cock were a sex toy that she was using. It was a very good sex toy, after she got me off with it a couple times, she used it to shoot a load of cum up my ass.
Another highlight of the ass fucking was Connie eating my pussy while Stan was in my ass. I've been double penetrated several times over the years, I've been gang banged a few times as well, but I've never again had my pussy eaten while getting my ass fucked.
In total it was an amazing day. I didn't get exactly what I came for; I got a lot more including a lifetime of good memories. I started the day looking to add to the count of men I had fucked, I achieved that, but I learned the difference between quantity and quality among lovers. Before that day I had reached climax in less than half of the times I had sex. Talented and powerful partners turned me multi-orgasmic.
The next morning Connie, Patti and I were on our way to eat lunch when we met up with some of Patti's lez friends. When Patti introduced us, one of her friends said to me "I understand you licked your first pussy last night, welcome to the club," I looked at Patti in surprise. "Patti says you have a talented tongue," she added.
They all laughed when it caught me off guard and speechless, but it opened the door for an interesting lunch conversation. The group of us sat together and we shared all the juicy details. We were so loud and so trying to shock each other with graphic descriptions, that there was probably not a soft cock or dry pussy on any of the tables around us.
Chapter 4 Robbie's Ongoing Story
I've always been the kind of woman who would fuck a man (or woman) first, and get to know him (or her) later. I never made any secret of that and I rarely have kept any secrets about who I had spent time with while my pants were down.
One secret that Connie and Patti are going to find out the first time they read this is that BD came to see me the next weekend, and many more times over the next few years. Guess what girls, we fucked again and again and again. In fact BD became an important part of my life and still is. I haven't been in bed with him since before he got married, but he is one of my truest and best friends that I can always depend on.
Want to know another secret? Stan and I got together off and on for all these years. He has been another long term friend. Stan is my rock. My life has been a mess but it would have been so much worse without Stan.
A few years after that night at the college, BD asked me to marry him. I was a damn fool to have turned him down. I couldn't see myself as a farmer's wife and I couldn't stand the idea of asking him to give up the farm. He needed to be there tending the livestock, planting and picking the crops, pitching hay bales and all that hard farm work. That is the life he loves. We got together a few times after I turned him down, but it wasn't the same. A couple years later he came to see me and told me that he was planning to ask another woman to marry him. He told me that he wished that I had accepted when he asked me to marry him, but by that time he was deeply in love and wanted to marry someone else. We made love one last time and it was much more gentle that our first time years earlier.
That last gentle love making was when my son Randy was conceived. BD was the father. I didn't tell him about Randy until years later. I always told myself, if I was pregnant with another man's baby, would someone want to marry me? Would BD's fiancé want to marry him if she knew I was pregnant with his baby? If I were to tell BD I was pregnant would he have given up the farm and whatever else he need to do to come and take care of me and the baby, that is the kind of man he is. If I don't tell him, he gets married and lives happily ever after on the farm with lots of kids, cows, pigs, horses, chickens, tractors and his beloved pick-up truck. I'm afraid I interfered with his happy ever after in a big way over the years.
The first time I was arrested for DUI was soon after Stan had graduated from law school and passed the bar exam, I was his first client. By the time I was arrested for drug possession a few years later Stan was able to get me off on a technicality. Stan did his best to keep me out of jail over the next several years. I did find another man who was willing to marry me even though I had a baby. I was pregnant with his baby when we got married, our daughter Jill was born three months later. He was willing to marry me, keep me in drugs and alcohol, and share me with his friends. When we were out of money he was willing to trade, for a couple days worth of drugs his dealer got to fuck me. If his dealer wasn't horny he was willing to let strangers fuck me for money so we could buy drugs. After a few more arrests for drugs and prostitution my family disowned me. If not for Stan, Randy and Jill would have starved. Stan paid for day care for Randy and Jill. If I didn't show up to pick up the kids at the end of the day the sweet lady who was caring for them would keep them overnight. Stan paid her for everything.
Not even Stan could keep me out of jail after I had been arrested several times. Randy was in first grade, Jill was in pre-school, and my miserable bastard of a husband had left me. I was sentenced to two years in prison. My kids were going to be sent to foster homes. Stan showed up, BD was with him. They proved to the judge that BD was Randy's biological father and Stan convinced the judge to allow both kids to live with BD while I was in prison. BD's wife Ellen welcomed them into their home as if they were their own. It was Stan who told BD that he was Randy's father. What can I say about BD and his wife Ellen? Out of the blue BD found out that he was the father of a 6 year old son and he didn't hesitate to tell Ellen and take on the responsibility of caring for not just his son but also Jill so that my kids could stay together. I've been a drug user, a drunk and a prostitute, I've said yes to far too many men who just wanted to get my pants off, but the biggest mistake I ever made was when I said no to BD when he asked me to marry him.
Without going into details I want to say that there were more occasions when BD as well as Stan saved my family. My kids lived with BD and Ellen all through high school during another low point in my personal life. Stan paid the bills when I couldn't, the kids would have gone without eating, the utilities would have been turned off and we would have been living out in the street without Stan. When Randy died in Iraq, BD and Ellen were there to share the unbearable pain. Now we share the joy of grandkids together.
Connie, long ago when you were in college I asked you to line me up with some men to have sex with. You set me up with BD, Stan and what's his name. Two out of three isn't bad. BD and Stan have been the most important men in my life and not because of what we did with our clothes off but because they both have tons of character and dedication to do what needs to be done. Both of them have come through when I was down and kicked my ass when I deserved it. I was just looking for a good fuck, I got a lot more.