"What the fuck!"
Sandra's scream was the first thing Lauren and I heard. We missed the sound of her key in the apartment door, the opening and closing of the door, and her footsteps to the open door to the bedroom. In my case that oversight was understandable since I had my face buried in Lauren's pussy with her legs wrapped tightly around my head as the climax my tongue had just driven her to roared through her body. As for Lauren, her failure to hear Sandra's arrival was likewise understandable given the distraction of her shattering orgasm. We were both busy.
Lauren and I stopped what we were doing and looked at Sandra in silence, neither of us having a clue what to say to her. There was a long silence before Lauren spoke up, "You're back early. We didn't expect you."
"So I see," responded Sandra. She paused for a moment.
"I finally had all I could take of my family's never ending holiday entertainment cycle. Even if the party wasn't at our house they expected me to dress up and attend. I felt like I was on display."
"You were on display. You know that's how Jane operates," Lauren responded.
"This morning I decided to come back here. I couldn't take another party."
"Hello," I said.
"But the dorm isn't open yet," Sandra continued ignoring me.
"Yeah I know," I said, still trying to get into the conversation.
"Is that why you are where you are?" Sandra asked, finally seeming to notice me.
"Ahh . . . well . . . partly I guess. It's complicated." Now I was sorry I had spoken up.
Four days had elapsed since I arrived back in Provo after fleeing my debauched family in Eastern Idaho. For Christmas I had planned on going home to the small ranching and farming town well to the north of Idaho Falls where I had grown up only to discover before I got there that my parents had split up (but not divorced), with my Father now living with his lover in Idaho Falls, and my Mother with her lovers, my Uncle Lou (my dad's brother)andhis wife Sherry, all in the house I was raised in. All five of them were pursuing a convoluted scheme to hide their sexual relationships from the small Mormon community I had grown up in. When my Sister and then each of my parents explained the relationships and secrets hidden from me for years, I realized that the values my parents taught me regarding extra-marital sex were not the values they lived by. I was shocked, but over the long bus ride back to Provo I realized that my parent's duplicity was not that different from what I had learned from Sandra about the double standards of her successful and well-known Salt Lake City family including her hidden relationship with me. Did that make it okay? I was still working on that question when the bus delivered me to Provo.
I had arrived in Provo to learn to my dismay that my University dormitory was closed over Christmas and I had no place to stay with a snowstorm coming on. When I went to the apartment I had been using for a weekly tryst with Sandra during the fall, I found it occupied by her sister-in-law, Lauren, who I knew slightly as an adjunct professor of biology at the University. Lauren, who had a secret second life as a reasonably successful painter of abstract erotic art sold through a new York Gallery under the name Lydia, had introduced me to marijuana (and sex with a married woman) and I had spent most of the last four days having sex with Lauren, in bed and elsewhere throughout the apartment and her adjoining studio. When I wasn't having sex with Lauren or posing in the nude for her in her adjoining studio I had spent my time reading the book on number theory that my Calculus professor had loaned me. I wasn't sure I wanted to explain any of this to my lover Sandra, and I certainly was not in a position to criticize my parent's extramarital activities. I didn't know who held the moral high ground but it certainly wasn't me.
Lauren finally came to my rescue interrupting our confused conversation, "Sandra we need to talk about why you came back early; why I came back early; why he came back early; and some other stuff."
"You mean like this?" Sandra responded pointed at our still tangled, naked, bodies.
"Yeah that too. But there is more and you and I need to talk about all of it. And Richard here needs to go out for a coffee while we talk. He learned a lot while he was home including that he likes coffee."
"I agree," Sandra said. "There is a lot we need to talk about."
"Coffee? This is Provo. Where the hell am I going to get coffee in this town?" I asked.
Both girls laughed at me. Lauren said, "Go about 10 blocks south of here on University and there is shabby looking motel. It has an espresso machine in a room behind the lobby. It's a bit like a speakeasy and they may or may not want to admit it exists depending on who is on the desk. But if you ask for the manager and tell him I sent you they will let you in. You can't drink it in the lobby but there's a bar and some stools in the room where they make the coffee. You can read your math book there while Sandra and I talk."
I didn't have a clue what espresso was, but I assumed it had something to do with coffee and it was clear both women wanted me out of the way. Whether they would ever let me back in was another question.
"Is it still snowing out?" I asked Sandra.
"No the storm quit two days ago."
"Oh, we haven't been outside much," I said.
"At all," Lauren elaborated.
Sandra just smiled and shook her head. I got dressed and headed out in search of the second cup of coffee of my life.
I stayed away for two hours consuming three cups of espresso while I read about numbers theory to distract myself from worrying about my families morality and my fate with Sandra and Lauren and my morality. I also incurred the first coffee buzz of my life. When I returned the living room was empty but as I closed the door I heard Sandra's voice from the bedroom. "In the bedroom Richard. We need to talk. Take your clothes off and get in bed with me."
I stripped my clothes off and slid into bed with Sandra. It hadn't been snowing out but early January in Utah can be seriously cold. I put an arm across Sandra and pulled her towards me. "My God you're cold," she screeched.
"I know but you are deliciously warm and I need you to save me."
"This is not a Church meeting Richard. No 'saving' goes on here."
"I just meant hypothermia, not my soul."
"Good. I'm glad you're clear on that." She wrapped her arms and legs around me while she mashed her chest against mine. We lay in silence like that for several minutes. As I felt my body heat returning, I also felt my cock come to life. It was pressed against her thigh.
"You said we need to talk?"
"Later. Right now we need to fuck." She slid down and enveloped my half-engorged cock into her wet warm mouth.
"Oh yes. I'm so glad you're back," I said.
"So Lauren wasn't enough for you?"
Oh shit. She's pissed, I thought. Well I wasn't going to lie. "Lauren's a wild woman in bed and she's a fascinating person, but . . . she's not you. I missed you. I missed our Thursday nights."
"Just don't tell me you missed trying to make me understand calculus." Then she went back to sucking my cock, ignoring anything I said until it was fully erect. She rolled to her back and said, "Okay you're saved now put it in me."
"Just like that? No foreplay? You said you wanted to talk?"
"We can talk later. I need you now. I want you to fuck me Richard. Fuck me now. I need it. I'll explain later."
So we did. I climbed between her legs and slid my cock into her. She was right. She was more than ready: warm; wet; and aggressive. There was no slow gentle fucking. Every time I slowed my pace she growled, "Harder. Faster. Fuck me Richard. Fuck me harder. Make me cum and talk dirty to me Richard. Call me a slut, a whore, a cunt. Whatever else you can think of."
We changed positions repeatedly, eventually winding up in my favorite with Sandra face down, head on her forearms, and her butt in the air and me on my knees behind her, my cock buried to the hilt in her cunt and my hands gripping her ass. She always said fucking in that position made her feel nasty and dirty—and that was why she liked it. Her hot, wet, cunt felt so fucking good as my cock slid in and out. I had no difficulty staying hard, but there was no sense of impending orgasm for me. This was solely for Sandra with me pounding her hard, calling her lewd and obscene names, and slapping her ass repeatedly.
"Oh fuck that's it Richard. That's it. Don't stop. Don't stop. Don't you fucking dare stop." My thighs banged against her ass on each thrust, my cock making a lewd squishing sound as it piled in and out of her soggy, wet, cunt. It was clear she wanted, or perhaps she felt she needed, a hard fucking.
"Is that what you came back early for, you horny slut. You couldn't get any cock at home and you wanted it. So you came back just to fuck me. You did. Didn't you, you slut?" I slapped her hard on both cheeks of her ass. "Answer me," I demanded. "That's why you're here isn't it, to get laid?"
"Oh fuck yes. That feels so good. But there's more. I could have got laid by lots of guys while I was home, but it was you I wanted. I 'll explain later. Just keep fucking me now.
"Oh god yes. That's so good, So fucking good. Oh shit I'm gonna cum I'm . . ." When she came it was with a loud scream. Her cunt was squeezing my cock repeatedly and she groaned as each wave of her orgasm tore through her. When finished she collapsed to the side, taking me with her, we fell into a spoon position, my still rigid cock buried in her lightly spasming cunt. She was sobbing and soon rolled away on to her back. I could see tears streaming down her face as her chest heaved with her sobbing.
"Why are you crying? Did I hurt you?"
"No. No. It was good. So fucking good. It's just . . ."
"Just what? What is it Sandra. Are you upset with me because of Lauren?"
"No it's not Lauren. That's not it at all. I knew that was going to happen. Not this week I mean because you were still in Idaho I thought. But I knew Lauren would seduce you sooner or later. That's her. She just does that sort of thing. The whole family just accepts it. We know she is going to fuck any man she finds interesting and we just ignore it so long as she is discreet about it."
"Then . . . what . . .? What are you crying about?"
"It's you. It's us. We're so good."
"And that's bad? Why is that bad?"
"Because we have to stop. I can't see you anymore and I'm in love with you."
"Wait. Wait," I said. There's a lot to unpack here, I thought. Where to start?
We were sitting up now staring at each other across the bed. Sandra was wiping the tears from her eyes, using the corner of a sheet to wipe them from her face.
"You told me not to fall in love with you," I said.
"Yes. Yes, I know. I know I told you that. Because I knew we couldn't. We couldn't fall in love because I'm betrothed. Remember?"
"Yes, I remember."
She sniffed, wiping more tears from her eyes, "But I fell in love with you and now we can't." She broke into tears again sobbing. Then trying to talk through her blubbering and tears she said, "And I don't even know if you are in love with me." I pulled her into me wrapping my arms around her and falling to our sides.
I didn't respond because I didn't know how to. I just held her tight and let her cry against my chest. "Was I in love with her?" I asked myself. I didn't know. She had told me not to. I'd never been in love before, but I couldn't imagine getting by without her. Okay Lauren had helped ease the pain over the last few days but that was totally different from my relationship with Sandra. I was to say the least confused.
"Of course he's in love with you." That was Lauren' voice. How long had she been watching and listening? She was dressed in her Salt Lake City clothes instead of her torn jeans and worn paint-stained T-shirt she had been wearing for four days (except when she wasn't wearing anything, which was most of the time). "Don't worry. I figured Jane would try something like this. Did she threaten to send you to school in Switzerland?"
"Yes," Sandra said between sniffs.
"Listen. I'm going back to Salt Lake right now and I will get her straightened out. Jane listens to me. Besides I need to provide my husband and the nanny some relief with the kids. As much fun as you've been Richard, I do need to be a good little Mormon wifey occasionally. Besides, my kids are fun. There's still some food in the kitchen and I left a couple of joints for you two in the knife drawer. I'll call you after I talk Jane down off the ceiling. The other thing I'm going to make clear to her is that this business of you ignoring the guy you're sleeping with and in love with when you are on campus has got to stop. That's no way to treat a guy you love."
"Thank you," Sandra sniffed.
"But I may have to tell her that you didn't mean what you said about not marrying your betrothed. Your brother already did that to her and she's scared to death you will too."
"But I don't want to," Sandra wailed.
"Don't worry about it. He's away on his mission for another year and a half. All kind of things could happen in that time. Now I'm leaving and if I were you two I wouldn't get out of that bed except to eat and smoke those joints until the dorms open day after tomorrow."
Lauren turned to leave and, standing in the door, she looked back at me and blew me a kiss and said, "Richard it's been fun. Sorry about your family blowing up." I smiled and waved. No question of love with her. It was just lust for each of us. Unlike my relationship with Sandra, my relationship with Lauren was straightforward.
So Sandra and I did just what Lauren had advised. I started by pulling her down beside me and kissing her, again, and again, and again while my cock that had wilted during all the drama recovered. Then we had a long slow missionary fuck. No screaming and yelling. Just a bit of moaning and groaning and finally a quiet gasp from each of us as we climaxed together like and old couple who had been doing it for years. Afterwards we slept for a couple of hours. Then as we sat in the kitchen eating an oven warmed freezer pizza and drinking cheap wine, we talked.
Before I could ask anything she asked, "What happened to your family?"
I told her the whole story.
"Ugh," she said when I finally finished. "That must have been a crappy bus ride back to Provo."
"It was."
"But four days of screwing my sister-in-law helped your outlook on life didn't it," she said with a lewd smile.
"Uhh. Yeah. But it wasn't just the sex. Lauren has a way of helping me put things in perspective."
"You mean she explained that your family is just like my family?"
"Yeah, that's pretty much what she told me."
"It's true. But my family is better at it because they have had several generations to practice."
I have some questions about your family," I asked trying to get the conversation way from me. "Who is Jane?"
"My mother, and she is an absolute bitch."
"Really?"
"Yes. She has to be in charge of absolutely everything. Lauren is the only person in the family who can stand up to her."
"Wow. What about your father and your brother?"
"They just roll over and do as they are told."
"What about you?"
She laughed and refilled her wine glass. "Jane and I yell a lot and rarely get anything resolved. Ultimately I wind up doing what she wants but I make her life miserable in the process. I was hoping she wouldn't find out about you, but her information sources are everywhere. We had a real battle while I was home."
"About me?"
"Yes, but it was really about marrying Andrew. She knows I don't want to marry him and she thinks you are just an excuse."
"Did you tell her you were in love with me?"
"Yes, but she doesn't believe me. She said terrible things about you. She told me I couldn't possibly be in love with a red necked cowboy from Idaho. That I'm just confusing love with your big dick."
"That's pretty harsh," I said. "Especially considering that she hasn't even met me. How does she know how big my dick is?"
"She doesn't. Lauren's right. My mother is just terrified of me marrying outside the Founding Families."
"Why is that important to her? I don't think my mother cares a thing about who I marry or if I ever get married at all."
She sighed. "I didn't understand either until I had a long talk with my brother while I was home. Let me try to explain.
"The Founding Families control Utah. They control the business community, the politics, and the Church and the interconnection between the three is almost seamless. The owners and senior managers of all the big businesses in Utah are all male members of the Founding Families. Most of the most important politicians are also. The same is true of the Church. The Council of Twelve are all very old male members of the Founding Families. There is a list of men seriously under consideration as replacements or to hold senior positions in the Church's bureaucracy. They are all male members of the Founding Families, but younger than the Council of Twelve. These men move back and forth between the leadership of Utah's business community, it's political community, and the Church. They're in training. But no one gets on that list unless he was born in one of the Founding Families and is married to a woman who is also from one of the Founding Families."
"But then why would your mother care about you. Wouldn't it be your brother?"
"I already told you. The real power in my family is held by my Mother. That's true of the rest of the Founding Families. When important political, business, or Church decisions are to be made the wives always have input and often dictate the outcome. So if my Mother wants our family to continue to have power in the Church, it's essential that I marry someone from the Founding Families who has a good chance of moving up into the organization. And she wants me to have a brood of good little Mormon babies with the right blood lines for possible future male and female members of the power structure. The men have the titles, but in our structure the women have the power."
"That's incredibly nepotistic, not to mention incestuous."
"I agree."
"Are your parents in love?"
"Doubtful. They have an arranged marriage just like my Mother wants for me. You have to understand. For my Mother love has nothing to do with marriage. Marriage is a negotiated merger of two families. Love? I don't know what she thinks love is about."
"Maybe it's about a big dick."
Sandra broke out in laughter. "Richard. You are so bad."
I shrugged my shoulders.
"But then you might be right. My mother is just like anyone else in the Founding Families. Sex outside your marriage is okay as long as it's discreet. And of course if it's with someone from one of the Founding Families, all the better."
"Really. Your Mother fucks around outside her marriage?" I asked.
"Doesn't yours?"
"Oh yeah. Good point."
"Your family, my family. They're the same. They screw around outside their marriage and it's okay so long as they hide it."
"Why?"
"They hide it to preserve the power structure's appearance of propriety."
"No. That's not my question. Why are they screwing around outside their marriage?"
"Oh that's easy. Because they aren't getting the sex they need inside their marriage and we all need sex. Your parents are a perfect example Richard."
"Oh yeah. I see. It's just like us," I said.
Sandra smiled and said, "Yeah I guess so. Except we are in love and your parents and mine are not. They probably aren't in love with the people they are having sex with. It's just good sex for them. Like you and Lauren."
We spent the next day and a half following Lauren's suggestion. Lots of sex, although I did get some more reading done on number theory. Fascinating stuff but it was impossible to explain to Lauren or Sandra. Then Sandra and I moved back into the dorms, although we were back at the apartment for more sex two days later (our regular Thursday tryst). This time it was Lauren who walked in on us.
Sandra and I were both naked and she was bent over the arm of the couch while I fucked her from behind when we heard Lauren's key open the door. She walked in and stood staring at us. I kind of froze holding Sandra by her hips with my cock buried deep in her cunt.
"Uhm. Hi Lauren," I said. "We didn't expect you."
She stood there with her hands on her hips dressed in her Salt Lake City clothes with a smile on her face. "I can see that. And I thought you two would be back in the dorms by now."
"We were," responded Sandra. "This is just . . . well . . . because the dorm was boring listening to all those girls talking about their vacations in Sun Valley or Park City and the parties they went to in Salt Lake and what they got for Christmas. And besides, it's Thursday. This is what we usually do on Thursday."
Lauren smiled and said, "Yes I guess it is what you do on Thursdays and this is Thursday." She took her suit jacket off and dropped it on the floor. "And did you tell friends about how often you've been getting laid by Richard here." As she spoke she was unbuttoning her white blouse, pulling the tails from her skirt, and shucking it off on the floor. Waiting for an answer from Sandra she reached behind her back and released her bra letting it fall to the floor so she was naked from the waist up. I felt my prick twitch when I looked at her big soft tits.
"Ahh no. I mostly just listened and got bored."
"Richard," Lauren said, "don't let me stop you. I think the lady was enjoying your big hard dick when I walked in." As she spoke she released her skirt and let it drop to the floor, pushing her panties after it and then kicking her heels off. She was now as naked as Sandra and me. "Don't mind me. I'll just watch." I was seriously distracted by Lauren's long sexy legs and her big soft tits. Her dark nipples were swollen which shouldn't have been a surprise given she was watching Sandra and I fucking. They were beautiful against her smooth olive skin.
Lauren sat down in a chair facing us and flopped one leg over the arm of the chair leaving her lewdly exposed to us. Like her nipples her pussy was swollen, her gleaming wrinkled inner lips visible through her dark bush. "Unless of course Sandra you are willing to take turns with your lover. The drive down here from Salt Lake is very boring and I'm very horny." She was fondling her big, soft, breasts with one hand while the fingers of the other hand fondled her pussy.
I was stroking Sandra slowly now as we both watched Lauren masturbate, withdrawing my big cock until it almost left her cunt and then slowly driving it back in until my balls were nestled against her pussy lips. Sandra asked, "So what were you thinking about that made you so horny?"
"Oh a bunch of things. Like how I seduced Jane while I was back home. Sandra do you know what a great collection of sex toys your Mother has?" She laughed and added "And I did my best to use every one of them on her."
"And did she enjoy it?"
"Oh god yes. Your mother is so horny."
"And what else?" Sandra asked. "Did she use those toys on you. I know you love it when I use a big dildo on you."
I decided there was more to Sandra and Lauren's relationship than I understood so I would just listen and keep my rock-hard dick buried deeply in Sandra's cunt.
"Yes, some of them," Lauren responded.
"And did she make you cum?"
"Fuck yes. You know Jane. She loves to be in control . . . or at least think she is." Lauren had two fingers sawing in and out of her cunt now.
"And were you thinking about Richard's big hard cock while you were driving down here?"
"Umm. Yes. He has a great cock. But I guess I don't have to tell you that given that he has it buried in you cunt right now."
"No, you don't." She squeezed my cock with her cunt muscles.
"Did you look at the sketches I made of Richard's erection while I was away?"
"Yes. They're hot."
"Jane thought so too."
"You showed my Mother your sketches of Richard's cock?"
"Yes, while we were masturbating in front of each other."
"And what did she say?"
"She said she understood why you are in love. Your Mother loves a big hard cock." She paused for a moment. "And your Father doesn't have one. I know I've tried him. He has a great tongue, but his cock . . . not so exciting. Jane doesn't seem to mind being married to a man with a wimpy little cock. For her love is about a big hard cock, but it has nothing to do with marriage. Marriage is about position in the Church. I don't think your mother understands the difference between love and lust, but for her neither of them has anything to do with marriage or your Father."
Sandra was beginning to wiggle her ass and squeeze my cock. "Fuck this conversation is making me want to cum," Sandra said.
"Listen Sandra. Just reach back with your hand and rub your clit so you cum. Then you can watch while I finish him. How many times has he come already this afternoon?"
"Three times," I said.
"And how many times has Sandra cum?" Lauren asked me.
I laughed. "I don't know. I haven't been keeping score."
"A bunch," Sandra chimed in. "You taught him some new tricks."
It only took Sandra a few moments of rubbing her clit to make herself cum. It wasn't a violent orgasm, at least not by her standards. Satisfied, she pushed me back and out and I stood, my gleaming dick bobbing in the air as I watched her walk over to Lauren. She leaned forward and fondled each of Lauren's big tits for a brief moment saying, "Your turn now Lauren. He's still good and hard and I want to watch."
"Sandra, you're so like your Mother," Lauren responded with a chuckle.
"What? I am not. I'm nothing like my Mother."
"Relax Sandra you are not like your mother except in that she likes to watch too, although she can't resist giving guidance to whomever she is watching. She watched me fucking your brother while I was there. I think my husband got off on having his mother watch us too."
What a kinky family I thought. I lay down on the couch and Lauren straddled my hips. She leaned forward so my cock lay between her swollen pussy lips and her nipples were just touching my chest. After she rocked forward and back, sliding my cock between her slick lips a few times she rose up and positioned my cock at her opening. "Is this what you wanted to see Sandra?" Lauren asked. "Did you want to see Richard's big cock sliding into my cunt? Like it is now?"
"Yes," growled Sandra. She was sitting in the armchair, her legs spread lewdly as she slid two fingers in and out of her cunt. "That's exactly what I wanted to see."
Then looking at me she continued. "Now fuck her Richard. Fuck her good and hard. Show her exactly what a red necked cowboy from no-where Idaho can do. Fuck her until she screams."
But I wasn't in a hurry to put on a show for Sandra so I ignored her instructions. I was deeply enjoying the sensation of my cock being buried deep within Lauren where it had spent so much time the week before. It felt different from Sandra in ways I couldn't explain, but it felt oh so good, so fucking good. Lauren was rising and falling slowly on me and I let her without trying to set the pace. It was apparent she was in no hurry either. I lay back with my arms behind my head watching her.
When she first mounted me she had released her long black hair from the tight knot atop her head that she used as a part of her 'Salt Lake City look' as she called it. Now it was hanging down covering most of her face as it swung back in forth in rhythm with her fucking. "Lauren, tie your hair in a knot behind neck. I love to watch your face while we fuck," I said. She paused long enough to do as I asked and then resumed her rhythmic rise and fall on my cock.
"Oh so good," she said. "So fucking good. I dreamed about doing this all the way down from Salt Lake."
I was mostly engaged in watching Lauren's face, her enjoyment of riding my cock, but when I looked briefly over at Sandra I saw that she was slumped in her chair her legs lewdly spread as she masturbated slowly and casually. None of the three of us seemed in any rush to reach a climax. It was slow delicious sex.
After a long while I looked at Sandra again and said, "Sandra, I think you should help me. I need for you to come over here and suck on Lauren's tits. Can you do that for me Sandra?"
"Absolutely," she responded. I knew this meant an end to our slow casual sex, but I was getting close. Sandra dropped to her knees next to the couch and pulled one and then the other of Lauren's big tits towards her so she could lick and suck on the woman' engorged nipples. This quickly pushed Lauren over the edge and she came with a violent scream and a series of grunts as each successive waive of her orgasm tore through her. Watching her face twist in ecstasy set me off. I've always found something incredibly erotic about watching a woman's face twisted in ecstasy as she climaxes. I felt stream after stream of my cum jet up my cock and into Lauren's cunt. Where that came from after the morning I had had with Sandra was a mystery, but not one I worried about.
Sandra was sitting on the floor next to the couch, her legs spread and leaning back on her hands. "God. You two are hot," she said. She then began rubbing her clit so fast her fingers were a blur and quickly drove herself to a brief but noisy climax, while Lauren and I watched, gasping in recovery from our own orgasms.
When she quit gasping Lauren sat up and said, "Fuck. That was outstanding. But now I'm hungry and I know a cowboy bar down in Spanish Fork where we can get a great hamburger and maybe a beer (Beer availability in Utah in those days was a hit or miss proposition. Usually a question of who you knew).
Spanish Fork is a few miles South of Provo. They have grown together by now I suppose but it wasn't much of a place in those days. It reminded me a lot of my hometown—the LDS Stake House was about the only prosperous looking building in town; there was a small IGA food store; a school (two buildings: the public school, and the customary LDS seminary adjacent to the school); next door a building labeled Volunteer Fire Department that looked like it would collapse with a stiff wind; and a decrepit looking feed and grain store. On a side street there was a building labeled City Hall, a double-wide trailer. The main street through town was paved and plowed of snow, probably because it was the highway from Salt Lake City to Las Vegas. The side streets and the parking lots in front of buildings other than the Church were covered with the icy remnants of three-day old snow and where the surface of the street or parking lot did show through it was gravel or mud.
At the far end of town was a decrepit looking building labeled Shorty's Burgers—wood siding sorely in need of paint, a tin roof, and a peeling sign advertising burgers and fries. No beer adds, but I don't think you could advertise it even if you had a license to sell it in those days. Inside it was a bit dim and none too fresh smelling. Aged fry grease most likely. The bare wooden floors, which hadn't been swept in some time it appeared, creaked as we walked across them. There were a couple of guys sitting at the bar on tired looking stools nursing something in a glass that looked like beer. Presumably they belonged to the two old, beat-up looking, pick-ups out front. They wore none to clean winter work clothes and heavy work boots. Looked like they had been out haying the cattle to me. They looked at us as we came in and then looked away. No interest in strangers.
Lauren, Sandra, and I sat at a round, wooden, table in one corner of the room. The table was scarred by knife cuts and cigarette burns, but it seemed mostly clean and probably wouldn't give you a splinter. It would rock if anyone leaned on it, or stopped leaning on it. There was a juke box in the corner, but I noticed that it's power cord was unplugged and the plastic cover over the records was dimmed by a coat of grease laden dust. Sandra looked a little appalled. I felt right at home. Lauren walked in like a regular.
When the barkeep approached the table he said to Lauren, "How are you girl? We haven't seen you in weeks. Where you been?"
"Salt Lake. The college was closed for Christmas."
"Oh yeah. Right. What'll you have folks?"
We ordered burgers and fries. There wasn't a vegetarian option. And then Lauren added, "And bring us three beers, Shorty. We have stuff to discuss."
I wondered if he was going to ask for my ID. I was after all only nineteen. But the issue didn't come up. I guess when it's probably illegal to sell beer at all you don't worry much about checking IDs.
After we ate we sat nursing and a follow-up round of our beers rehashing the discussion we had earlier about Lauren's visit with Jane. There was nothing that hadn't been said earlier but the conversation was a good deal more thoughtful than it had been when all three of us were either fucking or masturbating. Those activities are not conducive to clear thought or conversation. The things I learned now that the discussion was clearer were: Neither Jane nor Sandra were ready to give in on the issue of Sandra marrying her betrothed; Sandra wanted to keep having sex with me and it seemed that Jane didn't really object so long as Sandra was discreet; Sandra was going to quit ignoring me on campus; the concept of being in love was beyond anything Jane understood on the same plain as most people; there was no need to force an immediate resolution of the problem with Jane given that Andrew would still be away on his mission for a year and a half, so Sandra and I would keep doing what we had been doing. Besides she was going to need the help in Calculus.
Then Lauren brought up another issue. "How much are you making washing dishes in the dorm Richard?"
"$1.25 an hour," I said. At 20 hours per week that comes to 25 dollars a week."
"Ouch," Lauren responded. "How about this for an alternative. I will pay you twice that 25 dollars to model for five hours a week. That's $10 an hour. So that should take you from 25 dollars per week to 50 dollars per week."
"Do I have to be naked?"
"Yes."
"Yeah. Fine. Great," I said. "When do I start? I never want to see another Hobart dishwashing machine again in my life."
"Next week on Wednesday."
"Does that mean he will be having sex with you?" Sandra asked.
"Possibly."
Sandra chuckled and shrugged her shoulders. "I think he would have been with or without the modeling."
Lauren shrugged her shoulders and said, "Probably."
Sandra had a gleam in her eye when she asked, "Can I help?"
This time Lauren laughed out loud. "Yeah sure. You can keep him aroused, although that wasn't a problem last week."
As it turned out Lauren arranged her schedule so she could help with the calculus tutoring. Well not the tutoring itself since calculus was not exactly her strong suit. Just the extracurricular activities before and after we actually talked about Calculus.
It looked my second semester in college was off to a great start.