She walked into the rustic and tiny country diner, sat at a 4-person booth, and pulled out her phone. She didn't hate eating alone, it was calming and quiet. She did hate being alone in such a small town on such a quiet night, it was just too much quiet at one time. Her waitress came over with a cup of ice water and a menu.
"Hi, welcome to Pete's." She said flatly as she sat the water down, handed her the menu, and walked away. You have to love roadside diners and late-night service.
"Ready to order?" The waitress had snuck up while she was deep in thought about her recent past. Tears threatened to topple over her eyelids.
"Yes," she responded a little too loud. "Side salad and fries, please." It was the only plant-based food on the menu.
"Drink?"
"Tequila sunrise, double please."
As the waitress sauntered away, she noticed her short hair, slender waist, and legs that went on for days. Sturdy waitress shoes and again, those damn legs that just kept going. Wrap those around my ears please she thought and blushed instantly.
She shook her head and went back to scrolling mindlessly through her phone, the past being archived or erased with each new scroll. There was so much to get rid of. So much to move on from. So much to...
"Fuck," she whispered to herself, "Get the fuck out of your head." She tossed her phone onto the opposite side of the booth and sat back, closing her eyes, trying to make it disappear.
"Are you ok?" The waitress softly touched her shoulder, trying not to startle her. "How long are you in town?"
"Yes, just a very long day of traveling, for the week," she replied.
"Hmm, I see. Hopefully, the tequila helps make it better," she said as she gently sat the glass down along with her food.
"Tequila makes my pants fall off! Oh my god, I am so sorry. I didn't mean to say that." She blushed harder than she had ever blushed before. Where the hell did that come from? It was true yes, but not something she normally told strangers.
The waitress giggled and sauntered away on those very long muscular legs. So much for wrapping those around my ears, just smother me with them until I quit breathing she thought. That's it, she must find a new place to eat the rest of the week there had to be at least two restaurants in this tiny one-horse town she hoped.
She drank long from her tequila sunrise and ate her food quickly, trying to get out of there before making any more stupid comments. The waitress sauntered over while she absently stared at a very nice pair of titties with just enough bounce to know that they were real and snuggly held inside an older bra. She giggled at the thought of working bras versus going out bras and took way too long to turn away her eyes. The waitress had caught her staring and she blushed again.
"Anything else I can get you," she asked with a beautiful smile, and was that a wink?
"No, I have left enough dignity here for the night. Just my check please." A small shake of her head escaped, and she stared at the table.
"Be right back with it," walking away this time with an extra sway in her hips.
"Here you go beautiful," the waitress arrived with her check, a to go cup, a side of fries to-go, and a wink. She reached into the other booth seat and placed her phone back on the table for her. Smiling and walking away.
She dropped her cash onto the table, along with a very generous tip, and quickly left the diner shaking her head all the way out.
Checking into her Airbnb was quick and easy, it was cute, quiet, decorated nicely, and just what she needed for her solo weeklong trip. Time to clear her head, the tequila was having the desired effect, and she downed the very illegal to-go tequila with a smile on her face. She stripped off her clothing in front of the open window and walked into her bedroom. Undoing the front pocket of her suitcase she pulled out her toys and chose the vibrating stick. She wouldn't need a lot of help this time, the tequila was doing its work.
She laid down on her bed and slid her toy onto her already sensitive pussy. A slight gasp escaped from her mouth as she slipped it between her lips and laid it directly on her hardening clit. She thought of sliding her hands from the waitress's ankles to her bare thighs, slowly spreading her lips to view her beautiful, wet pussy. Blowing a cool breath onto her wetness and watching her arch her back just a bit. She wanted to go slow, take her time, relish in her excitement, taste her, slip her tongue into her depths, and watch her eyes roll backward. She wanted to slip a finger between her folds and slowly feel the inside of her flex. Gently add in the second finger and feel her wetness slip between them. Hold her thigh tight as she suckles on her sensitive clit, listening to her breath grow more rapidly, her back arch, her breathing stop, her body tense.
"Fuuuuuck," she moaned. Her body froze, her breath stopped, and her head exploded with happiness. She fucking loved making herself cum, that release of pressure across her full body was addicting. She rested until her head cleared and thought of nothing. Maybe that's the part she loved about cumming, her head was clearest for that moment in time. It never lasted long enough, but there were always more toys waiting to be played with.
She got up, it was way too early for sleep. She opened the back door and verified there was a fence, and no one had a perfect view into the yard before stepping out, still naked, into the cool brisk air. She was a bit of an exhibitionist, especially in a town she wouldn't be back to any time soon, but she liked to play it safe still. Her nipples stood up almost instantly in the cool air and she tickled softly over them as she smoked her cigarette. The coolness embraced her moist pussy and calmed her nerves. She did love being naked outside and smoked slowly. Passing car lights lit the side of the house, and she went back inside.
The fries were calling her name and she dumped them onto a baking sheet to warm and grabbed a beer from the fridge. She had paid the owner extra to stock the cupboards and fridge, sending him her favorites list, she didn't want to deal with grocery shopping this week. It had been a pleasant surprise to walk into a fully stocked house and just get to relax. She had brought her bath bombs and went to start the soaker tub but was stopped by a knock at the door. Who the hell would knock on her door?
She grabbed a robe off the hook in her room and slid into it. Tiptoed to the door and peeked out the peephole. A large brown paper bag sat on the top of the steps with her name written in marker on the front. It must have been something from the owner and he kindly didn't want to interrupt her stay. This place is great, she thought opening the door, grabbing the bag, and locking the door behind her.
She opened the bag and pulled out a bottle of tequila, two pints of vegan Ben & Jerry's, and the softest blanket she had ever felt. As she pulled the blanket from the bag a yellow card fell to the ground. She opened it with her curiosity continuing to grow.
Don't worry this isn't creepy, this is a very small town with only two Airbnb's, and everyone knows everyone. I thought maybe you could use a little extra comfort this week. Enjoy your night, Alice!
Tears filled her eyes as her stove timer went off. She retrieved the fries, one of the ice creams, and the tequila and went to sit by the gas fireplace outside. With a click of a button, the loosening of her robe belt and her naked body was being warmed by the fire. She was building one of these setups when she got home. She allowed the tears to fall and the tequila to warm her insides, while the ice cream melted on the fireplace ring.
She was startled awake in her bed, wrapped in nothing but the Alice blanket at 3 am. This new routine was getting old quickly, but sleep had become where nightmares lay in wait. She turned to her phone, slid it open, and went for porn, hoping an orgasm would put her back to sleep. She shuffled around on her bed for her most reliable toy and quickly settled on a massage to sex porn flick. The girls in the video did very little massaging with their hands, but a lot of massaging with their tongues. Alice, she thought would be great at massaging.
She laid back on the bed and closed her eyes, the girls moaning in the video filling her ears. She pictured Alice oily and massaging her body with those full tits. Sliding them down over her thighs so she could slowly kiss all around her pussy. Slowly oiling up her lips and accidentally, of course, sliding a finger into her wet pussy. Alice would spread her legs further as she slid her tits back up to her open and begging mouth. She would gently suck Alice's nipple into her mouth and circle her stiff nipple with her tongue. Tasting her flesh and sucking harder as Alice began to enjoy it more. Alice moaned into her ear as the sucking became just this side of painful.
Only to release her nipple and start fresh on the other one. Her hands slipping down her curves finding her plump ass and giving it an appreciative squeeze. Pulling Alice harder on top of her and sending fireworks into both of their bodies. Grinding against her pussy to pussy, moving her thigh in between Alice's legs for her to grind her body against. Whispering in her ear how sexy she was and begging her to queen her. She needed to taste her in every way tonight. A very well-timed orgasm moan from the porn and her wonderful imagination caused her to orgasm in time with the massage ladies. Her head was clear, and the toy was left to rest on her pussy, knowing she would need it again in a couple of hours, she slipped back to sleep.
A knock at the door woke her. She didn't bother with the robe this time, if you're going to wake her up, you're going to see her naked. No peephole peaking, she swung the door wide open and let the fresh air touch her entire body at once. Much to her surprise and slight sadness, no one was there. Yet another brown paper bag with her name on it. She grabbed it slowly, noticing no one was around and the neighbors were all still in their homes.
She opened the bag to the aroma of a freshly baked warm cinnamon roll, a steaming cup of black coffee, a small bottle of Tylenol, and a note. With a smile spreading across her face, she opened the note first.
Good morning beautiful woman, cute robe you had on last night. I hope you put the tequila and ice cream to work by the fire. You are in a gorgeous area, go hike today or play in the river. Be home by 7, I am coming to cook your dinner. See you soon, Alice!
She stared at the note. She had known about the robe and fire; she was being watched and hoped Alice liked what she was seeing. Small towns are the weirdest places with the kinkiest people. Coming to cook dinner for a stranger, after admitting to spying on her, oh she hoped she could make her come some other way too she thought and blushed. She shakes her head to release the imagery, too soon lady, way too soon for anything like this. Every nerve in her body exploded with excitement.