My wife Joyce has always been very open with her body. Flashing her tits in public and getting attention wasn't hard for her to do. She's a true redhead with long red hair down to her ass.
As we met she was age 23, I was older at 35, and I had been a world traveler. Joyce had not been out of the western Pennsylvania area very often.
I had a business trip to Louisville Ky. To repair a machine I had installed some yrs back. I asked her to go along, and she liked the idea. After shopping to get her some dress cloths. The Louisville area and hotel we would be in required some dressier clothing. Something she said she would never do. Joyce was more of a tomboy type girl. But I knew under those jeans and tee shirts there was a very attractive lady. Well dressed a knockout.
We drove down to Louisville with reservations at the Galt house one of the finest hotels in Louisville. Being out of town seems to always bring out the more open minded side in people; you're not around family or anyone that knows you. This was the case with Joyce. After dinner, the bar and some drinks, we got the camera and did some fun nude photos around the hotel. A spiral staircase out in the garden, the elevators going up and down two different floors her flashing her tits and even lifting her dress with no panties on. The best one was her on all fours, on that spiral stair case, her dress up and her bare ass with that redhead pussy showing.
This ended after we got caught by the doors of the elevator opening and a business type guy caught us, me rubbing her pussy as she leaned against a railing in the hall. He said nothing but by his look he knew we were doing something.
We returned to the room, laughing, and had some very wild sex that night. All that play got us very horny.
I had work the next day. Retuning to the hotel, the pool and dinner and drinks at the bar, the bar tender said their hotel bar was closing 11 PM. But he said a small bar just a block away called Freddie's was open in the Louisville tradition until 4 AM. So we paid up and walked down to Freddie's
Walking inside it was an interesting mix of people. A very plain bar but the kind of place that was more a local hang out than a tourist trap. Right away we were over dressed and stuck out, Joyce had on a very nice dress, short but not overly sexy I in a dress shirt and pants. We ordered drinks and made small talk to others near us at the bar.
Right away two men stood out, one was from Australia with a very heavy accent and the other older like a Mr. Bojangals type. They were playing pool and started a conversation. What brought us to Louisville? And how did we find Freddie's. We explained about our hotel bar closing early and the bartender's suggestion to come here. They both laughed said your in the right place.
They finished their game and the Australian won. He asked if we played pool. Then he asked Joyce to play. She accepted. As the game went on, both men would look down Joyce's dress top as she leaned over the pool table to shoot. But they also kept an eye on me, trying not to be obvious. But as the drinks went on and the game, this got to be very obvious and even Joyce was aware they were looking. She didn't stop and I could tell she was enjoying the attention, that open minded out of town thing. She won the game and as she racked the balls the Australian got behind her acting like he was helping.
Sitting at the bar with Mr. Bojanglas I saw the Aussie rub her back and then rub her bottom, Joyce didn't object. He walked to the other end of the table and broke. Joyce came over to me for a drink, whispered that the Aussie was getting fresh. I said did she want me to stop him? She said no it was fun but she was going to the ladies room.
I didn't know it at the time but she had removed her panties in the ladies room. Returning to the game as the Aussie's hand went up her dress this time he was about to get a big surprise! I didn't let on but I could see in the dim light, pool table in the corner, they were not getting much attention from others, the bar had thinned out.
As that game ended she walked to the end of the pool table to rack, and she reached in between her legs. The Aussie had his pants unzipped and his cock out, and Joyce used her hand on him as she acted like she was racking. I looked around and the few still in the bar were busy talking, drinking and didn't notice. I was enjoying the show. She was in control enough I didn't worry. I could intervene if she wanted me to.
As they both went to the far side of the table away from the bar I could tell by Joyce's eyes and look, she let him slide his fingers or even maybe cock in her pussy. It was then I guessed she had removed her panties. Just a quick slide and then she walked away to make her shot. This happened a few times, and after the game she came over to me for another drink. The Aussie had to be excited but a bit confused as well. I said you took off your panties? She acted all innocent and just smiled.
Joyce whispered to me, "are we being too obvious?" I said I don't think anyone but you, the Aussie and Me even had a clue anything was going on. She said "ok watch this." She went back over to the pool table and racked, the Aussie went over to her too. As she finished she turned to him and dropped down out of site to the bar, and I saw his face. She unzipped him and was sucking him as he stood right at the pool table. I couldn't see her but I could see his face and just down to his waist, I saw her hand now and then on his cock. It was moving in a way you knew what was happening. I knew by his face just when he had gotten off.
She came over to me and said "I have to use the ladies room, when he shot his load it had gotten on my dress". She was going to clean up. As she returned the Aussie came over and bought us a drink, nervously. He acted like nothing had happened asking did we like Freddie's? I couldn't help but to laugh. As Joyce looked at me and we both laughed, it became obvious to him we both knew what was going on. He said "I have been set up"? He said he didn't think a guy could be that unaware of his girl playing pool with another man! I said I knew, and that it was Joyce's idea all along. Right after she came out of the ladies room, no panties. After a few flashes of her tits to the guys in the bar we walked back to our hotel room, and had some very crazy wild sex a few times that night.
The next morning, we had 7 hours driving to Pittsburgh; we did a lot of talking. I was surprised at how far she went. She asked if I was upset. I told her I found the whole thing very exciting! She said she had thought about letting him cum inside her but decided against it not knowing if I would be angry. I said I would worry about STDS but the whole thing was very hot. She only let him slide in for just a second or two each time.
We did pull over at a rest stop. Sitting at a picnic table she played with my cock. Unzipped my shorts and sucked me right at the table. I retuned the favor getting her off oral. We got back in the car and drove home.
That night got the conversation started about swinging. But that's another story.