Over the last few days, I'd enjoyed a few naughty conversations on line with Bob, Calvin the black studs friend and Phil who was the other conversationalist. Both guys were very imaginative online and excited me immensely. I could hardly wait for Saturday evening when I would become a hot wife slut and the guys sexual plaything. I arrived at the hotel a good hour before my husband, to allow me to prepare and pamper myself. Hubby was not best please with this, but as the outcome was his suggestion, I soon put him in his place regarding this. I'd brought along a couple of bottles of wine to help me relax, which were definitely needed as my libido was at an all time high.
As each minute ticked away, my sexual excitement increased. Never having been the recipient of three cocks simultaneously, I had no real idea what to expect, but I knew in my heart of hearts that, whatever was about to occur, it felt as though I was born to do this.
I drew a nice warm luxurious bath and sank my body below the creamy bubbles, sipping my wine as I enjoyed the ambience. Taking a ladyshave razor, I ensured that my pussy, legs and armpits were silky smooth. I fashioned a neat strip of pubic hair just above my slit, in the Brazilian fashion. My pussy was glistening, her smoothness looked so inviting. I looked at my tight wet slit and shivered at the thought that within a few hours it would be getting stretched and filled with a huge black cock. I almost came at the thought and felt my legs quiver and weaken.
I kept topping the bath up with warm water, enjoying my relaxing glass of wine as the hot water cascaded over my erect nipples, teasing me deliciously.
Eventually I climbed out of the bath and began to towel dry my sleek body. I applied a covering of baby oil onto my naked flesh, feeling the shiny liquid become absorbed, leaving a delicate shine to my skin.
I walked into the bedroom and began to slip sensually into my chosen lingerie. I'd opted for the soft latex black basque with no bra cups. I became even more excited in the knowledge that my nipples and breasts will be fully exposed, when my gangbang participants see me for the first time. I slid my legs into a pair of seamed fishnet stockings. I'd chosen fishnets as I presumed the sex would be quite wild and ladders and tears would be a distraction. Fastening the stockings to the garter straps of the basque, I glanced in the mirror, pleased with my reflection. My waist was cinched and my breasts looked full and bountiful with my nipples more erect than they have ever been. I slipped my petite feet into the high heeled shoes I'd brought along, looking into the mirror as I did so. I looked like a porno slut waiting to be fucked, and this was just the look I was aiming for.
I sat at the dressing table and began to apply my make up. Smoky eyeshadow, light rouged cheeks and glossed lips as I began to dry my hair and wear it up. My neck looked particularly slender as a couple of ringlets of hair draped either side of my face. I was genuinely pleased with my look when my phone rang and a knock on the hotel room door happened simultaneously.
My husband was ringing and standing on the other side of the door.
I opened the door, smiling arrogantly as I stood before my husband wearing stockings, a black latex basque and outrageously high heels. My pussy and breasts were on full display for my new lovers, which shocked my husband somewhat.
"I love the outfit!" My husband smiled "It's not very subtle though!"
I smiled at him and answered sarcastically.
"They're coming here to fuck me and abuse me. The outfit is perfect!" I sneered somewhat.
Hubby looked shocked and stunned at my brutal response. I noticed his face flush and the tent appearing in his trousers was a giveaway of his obvious approval.
Hubby filled two wine glasses, handing one to me as he tried to slide his hand around my latex cinched waist.
"I'm here to be fucked babe!" I smiled "You will have to wait until I've drained the cocks of spunk before you get any!"
Again hubby looked shocked, but he could not disguise how much this was arousing him.
We never spoke of cuckolding or humiliation, but the humiliation and teasing was definitely working for him. I wasn't particularly drawn towards cuckolding but being the sub to my gangbangers and dom to my husband sort of balanced things out sexually.
I'd never dreamed or acting or speaking in this manner, and though a part of me felt uncomfortable with it, a larger part of my psyche was relishing every moment. I took to the slut persona naturally and thrived on the teasing and exhibitionist arrogance.
My husband was shocked but unquestionably enjoying my teasing and tormenting all adding to the voyueristic pleasure he was about to be introduced too.
"What time are they due here?" Hubby queried impatiently.
I looked at the bedside clock and smiled provocatively.
"They should be here within fifteen minutes!" I smiled, walking slowly around the bedroom, swaying my hips and enjoying the sensation of my exposed breasts and naked pussy. Hubby stared at me with the obvious look of lust burning in his eyes. If he was having second thoughts, it was too late to turn back now. In my mind I was already being fucked, my pussy was bubbling and tingling so much. I poured a glass of wine and took a long sensual sip. As I removed the glass from my glossed lips, my phone buzzed into activity.
I looked at the text message. It was from Bob, stating that he, Phil and Calvin were in reception.
I texted back to let them know that my husband would come down to reception to collect them as a room key was needed to operate the elevator.
Hubby looked at me somewhat sheepishly and spoke softly.
"If you want to change your name this is the time to do it!" he said almost imploringly.
"No fucking way! I'm wanting to be gang fucked and need to ride the big black anaconda!" I smirked, dismissing his last gasp attempt for me to change to my mind.
I ushered hubby to the exit and closed the door gently behind. I paced the bedroom floor, I say paced but it was more like teetered, on my outrageously high heels. I stood before the full length mirror, gazing at my sexed up reflection.
My pussy was tingling and throbbing with the sexual anticipation as my nipples actually ached they had become so erect. My neck and face were flushed with sexual excitement as I drank in the image of me adorned in my slut lingerie, just waiting to be fucked by three bulls. I heard the muffled sound of talking outside the room door as the click of the electronic key opened the digital lock allowing my sexual masters to enter the room.
Bob was the first into the room as he walked briskly toward me, placing his hands around my cinched waist and pulled me close to him, pushing my exposed pussy on to his already hard crotch. He gave me a gentle open mouthed tongue fuelled kiss as his hands cupped my naked buttocks. My stomach flipped with excitement as Phil made his way over to me, replacing Bob as he ground his hard trouser covered cock into my wet slit. Kissing me gently, his hands drifted up my stomach and began to squeeze my aching breasts. My nipples were at the point of snapping off, they had become so erect. His thumb and forefinger expertly tweaked and caressed my erect flesh. I looked over Phil's shoulder to see the perfect male specimen.
Calvin was standing there wearing a tight white T-shirt, which contoured every one of his incredible black muscles. His chest and arms were freakishly huge. His jeans were almost painted on, so tight was the look of the denim as it it hugged his obviously huge cock. I could see his cock pulsate beneath the denim bondage as he smiled at me. His teeth were perfect white and symmetrical straight. His eyes were deep brown and soulful as he looked lustfully at my lingerie clad slut body, which was about to become the property of his enormous cock.
I could feel my pussy tingle with excitement as I stared at the alpha male. I was biting my bottom lip excitedly, anticipating the pleasure his cock was going to provide me with.
"We're gonna have some real fun babe!" Calvin drawled seductively, his voice deep and masculine, almost like syrup being poured on my aural cavity. He moved Phil to one side and scooped my body toward him with his huge masculine hands. I melted into his rock hard body as he tilted my head gently, to kiss his thick beautiful lips. His tongue slithered inside my mouth, pushing my excitement beyond it's known limits. I was almost on the point of orgasm, when Calvin placed his huge hands on my ass and began to knead the firm flesh of my buttocks. His strong hands spread out over my ass, squeezing firmly as his fingertips grazed my aroused labia. I orgasmed instantly as Calvin pushed his tongue deep inside my mouth.
I was panting furiously, orgasming from the slightest touch of my new black lover as the two other bulls looked on. I shot a glance at my husband who was stroking a very prominent bulge in his trousers, as his eyes stared at the sight before him.
The sight before him was his loyal wife dressed in revealing lingerie, her breasts and pussy exposed, as a large muscular black man, touched her intimately as two complete strangers looked on. This was going to be one seriously erotic night for me.
Bob dragged a dining chair into the middle of the room, patting the seated cushion invitingly.
"Calvin make yourself comfortable and we can slide the slut on your cock for you!" Bob smiled.
Calvin brushed his thick black lips across my glossed mouth and whispered.
"I'm going to own this pussy!" He whispered softly but assertively.
"You can own everything!" I whispered, blowing warm breath into his exposed ear.
"I'll be sliding my cock in your ass before the night is out!" He said, his breath tickling and arousing the erogenous zone of my aural cavity. My neck shivered as the tingling nerves up and down my spine sprung to life.
Calvin sat in the dining chair, his trousers unbuckled, with the biggest cock I had ever seen, thrusting for his groin. The length and strength of his shaft was incredible as I stared, drinking in the vision of his enormous cock, with two magnificent orbs dangling carefree beneath the glistening shaft. His stomach was taut and buffed, showing his glorious muscles off to perfection. He was the epitome of pure sex, sitting in the chair smiling a crooked sexy smile as his magnificent anaconda throbbed upwards.
My labia were voluntarily opening as I stared transfixed at Calvin's wonder cock. There was no other thought in my world at that moment other than to slide my tight pussy over the veined black specimen. My mouth was dry, possibly because every drop of liquid in my body was creaming my pussy in anticipation of the black anaconda.
I stood before Calvin, my legs either side of his huge muscular thighs, the heat from his cock already being experienced my swollen labia. Calvin looked directly at my exposed wet pussy, his crooked grin approving of the sight before him. I brushed my swollen wet labia against the head of his cock as a series of shudders ran through my entire body. Calvin placed his hands around my cinched waist and began to slowly slide me down the length of his awesome shaft.
My eyes were rolling back into my head as the sensational pleasure of his cock stretched my vaginal walls. The searing heat and pain of his stretching cock was equally balanced with the unrelenting life changing sexual pleasure I was now experiencing.
"Fuck me with your black cock!" I heard myself saying, slowly riding the insatiable beast.
Hubby looked me directly in the eye as I orgasmed with the black cock inside me. The pleasure was sensational and my look was almost sneering as I indicated to my husband that this would now be a part of my sex life.
Calvins thick black lips, pursed around the fleshy nub of my erect nipple. Taking the achingly hard flesh into his mouth, he began to suck gently, sending sexual shivers down my spine as his cock continued to stretch my dripping cunt. My eyes popped wide open as I felt a fingertip, stroking the pursed flesh of my asshole. The tickling sensation of the finger only added to the pleasure generated from the sucking nipple and the serious cock stretching my pussy was enjoying. The finger belonged to Bob as he began to slide his digit inside my asshole. Bob leant in and kissed the back of neck, softly at first then began to chew the aroused flesh of the nape of my neck as his finger slid in and out of my ass. Surely this kind of pleasure didn't exist. I was in sexual heaven, every inch of my body felt erogenous as Calvin and Bob took me to heights I never knew existed.
Phil stood at the right hand side of me, his erect cock in his hand and I was surprised at the size of his white erect cock. He was holding it at the base with about eight inches protruding from his fist. I opened my mouth, inviting the head of his musky cock into my mouth. My tongue rolled around the head, tasting his manhood as my eyes made direct contact with his. At that moment my eyes popped wide open again as Bob pushed the head of his cock beyond my tight sphincter.
I was now the complete hot wife slut as all of my available holes were full of cock and I may add that each of the cocks were what I would definitely describe as hung!
I looked across at hubby as another sensational orgasm swept through me. My first ever gang bang was off to the perfect start. Hubby was wiping the end of his cock with a tissue as the sight had proved too much for him, with his cock exploding, letting me know that he was obviously gaining pleasure from this. If only he knew how much pleasure I was gaining from this.
One thing is for certain is that this will not be the only orgasm hubby would endure this night, watching his wife turn into the complete slut.