She slid slowly out of her bed, still adjusting to the leap back in time. Even after three loops, it still took a bit of getting used to.
She was, once more, waking up in her room - the sight of sunlight glittering through her window a beautiful yet common one. It still didn't feel right, for so much to happen and then for so little of it to matter. She wondered how to motivate herself to make this day any different.
There was a loud shrieking noise, one familiar and yet not so - Sylvia's attention was ripped from the view out her window and to her alarm clock. She'd silenced it before its time on the last three days but today, she was too lost in thoughts to remember. It chirped one last time before being quieted as though the alarm was being choked when she struck the button atop the device.
Her gaze went back to the window as she thought about the previous events - future events? - present events? - when the next moment happened to her.
A splatter against her collarbone, drizzling down to her chest as the bird she'd remembered but not expected greeted the morning.
She remembered it now.
Sylvia stripped down as she walked out of her room, rounding the corner to the shower. It would just be her and her mother at home right now, and since her mother was on a call with her coworkers, the coast was clear. It wasn't as though Sylvia usually had a problem being naked in her own house, but it wasn't as though she went out of her way to take chances, either.
She brushed a bit off the bird's leavings off her chest with a bare hand, washing off in the sink as she waited for the shower to warm up. The events of the last few loops went through her head and she suddenly felt like she wanted the embrace of the water once more.
It felt like she was back under her blankets, the warm water rushing over her bare skin as she got clean again. Once she'd been drenched, the next part of her day came back to memory; She would walk naked past her mother and be caught on the webcam. It almost seemed so trivial now, after so much of her had been seen by so many, a few old men seeing a pixelated version of her nudity in a corner felt so insignificant.
After that, a few more thoughts entered her mind.
She had lost her skirt to the bus door on the first day but was more careful afterwards. In fact, she had managed to prevent being seen undressed at all on most days until after gym, when...
Something clicked in her mind as she stood there under the jets of warm water. She'd had her clothes stolen in the locker room twice; Then, after sitting out to keep a better eye on them, it was Elizabeth who had streaked through the school instead of her.
Afterwards, both Ivy and Monica were the ones who had to stay naked for a while - the only time they really had cover was when she'd flashed the entire courtyard to distract from their nudity.
And then Elizabeth was naked... and then...
The universe seemed to be conspiring against Sylvia. It wanted her to undress. And when she'd outsmarted fate, fate would punish her friends, instead.
It seemed absurd to think about, but so far it seemed as plausible as the universe resetting at Midnight every day. Sylvia wondered if there was some way to avoid all the nudity that had plagued her up to that point, and what kind of humiliation might occur to her friends if she'd gotten away with it somehow.
An idea popped into her head, or rather, the idea had been in her head for some time and was finally manifesting into action. It seemed crazy, but she'd already done a few crazy things already...
...and it's not like it mattered anyway. If the worst came to be, the day would reset at midnight anyway. She hadn't figured out how to escape this timeloop, so why bother to fight it?
Sylvia shut off the water and wiped her hair out of her face, feeling around for the curtain as she pushed it aside and made her way dripping into the bathroom. The only towels available were small hand towels that she used to get some of the excess water off her skin, though she was still damp all over.
Today was still laundry day. Maybe she had known that when she woke up.
Her bare feet padded along the floor leaving slight impressions of liquid beneath her wherever she went. Normally she would be yelled at for leaving a trail of water on the floor like this, but she also knew that she wouldn't be home at the same time as her mother today, and tomorrow doesn't matter.
Her mother was busy with her computer, her back to the rest of the house as she was clicking around, her earbuds blocking out any noise surrounding her that was less urgent than whatever business meeting she was a part of.
Sylvia didn't bother her mother and simply walked to the laundry room where a fresh, warm set of towels had just emerged from the dryer. The first time around, she'd accidentally flashed her mother's co-workers. She was going to make sure that didn't happen again...
Because this time, she'd flash them on purpose.
It took some time before the people on her mother's work call began to notice, and the first few to see the naked girl in the background of a shot patting her body dry with a towel were too embarrassed to say anything about the deed. But soon, as the number of flushed faces outweighed those who didn't notice, the silence was broken.
"Er... Mrs. Allen. Your daughter is on camera and uh..."
Sylvia could hear the conversation shift from where she was standing. Her mom turned around and shouted something unintelligible as she shifted from work-mode to panic-mode internally.
"Sylvia! What are you doing?" She shouted as her hands failed to cover up the webcam built into the laptop.
"Drying off." Sylvia replied, folding a towel over her shoulders to ensure no part of her nudity was properly covered. "The towels are warmer when they're fresh from the dryer."
"I - you - " Her mother stammered for a bit before turning back around to apologize quickly to her coworkers before shutting off the camera.
"You need to be more careful walking around like that. My coworkers saw everything!"
"It's where I live, Mom." Sylvia replied "I should be able to expect some privacy in my own home."
"Yes, I suppose so." Her mother strained to get her 'work voice' back. "I should be returning to this meeting. I must apologize to them for the interruption."
"Oh, I'm sure they didn't mind the view." Sylvia teased as she walked back upstairs to her bedroom.
Usually, at this time of day, she would be picking out an outfit for school, dressing, and making sure the last few things she needed were all in order. But as Sylvia was already slightly behind schedule, she was able to come up with a way of speeding up the entire process. All it took was a minimal amount of make-up, a bit more drying off, and then to select her shoes for the morning as she double-checked that she had everything she needed for school safely tucked into her bag.
She thought about the timeloop, how every embarrassment she avoided caused a person close to her to be embarrassed instead. On the first day, she was forced to come to school in a pair of her mother's workout tights that quickly tore open when she bent down to fix a broken shoe.
It occurred to her that, because people saw the rip in the back of her pants, her mother was spared the potential embarrassment that day of having the yoga pants rip open on her, instead.
In a small way, she was responsible for her mother being exposed during her lunch-break exercise the last two loops - something she'd never thought about but that had certainly had to happen. Today, she would ensure that such an embarrassment wouldn't happen to anybody else.
Glancing at her phone as she walked downstairs to the front door, she realized she'd actually managed to be slightly ahead of schedule. This was working out remarkably well; But so far, Sylvia had only managed the easy part.
She let out a sigh. It was going to be a long day. A VERY long day. But so far, it seemed as though that was the result no matter what she tried.
"Goodbye, Mom!" She shouted, ensuring there was no hesitation in her voice as she opened the door and walked through.
She could hear her mother shouting a farewell in return as she shut the door behind her and felt the cool morning breeze against her skin.
Sylvia had left the house with her bag slung over one shoulder, the strap hugging her breasts as they were separated by the fabric. She had a comfortable though not very fashionable pair of shoes on her feet - though she was confident that nobody would be paying too much attention to them. Because she wasn't wearing anything else.
She walked down the driveway with a sense of trepidation, each step taking her further away from the cover and safety of those walls in which she lived. So far, nobody had seen her like this outside - it wasn't too late to turn around and change her mind, to get dressed again and pretend like this never happened.
But then again, there was a nagging feeling like that would only delay the inevitable.
By the time she had reached the sidewalk, she began to walk a bit more confidently. That sense of confidence stumbled as a car slowed its roll when driving by, she could hear its slow treads driving into the distance as the driver was certainly looking more intently at his mirror than the road.
Despite involuntarily clenching her buttcheeks together, she didn't turn her head or acknowledge the look. There would be many more. As far as she was concerned, Sylvia simply had to pretend that everything was normal, otherwise she might lose her nerve.
Due to the nice weather, there were plenty of people outdoors - walking dogs and enjoying the coolness of the early morning. When she came into view, though, gazes were shifted.
Some people stopped in place entirely, others slowed their walk, a few put their heads down and pretended not to see her, but Sylvia could still tell that their curiosity won out in the end.
And the mumbling was all around her, too. Peoples conversations dropped to low voices as they discussed whether they were seeing things or if the neighbor girl had lost her mind. But even in these hushed voices, Sylvia could still make out the words 'pervert' or 'crazy'.
The bus stop was near, a few of her classmates already waiting - engrossed in conversation among themselves. Sylvia puffed out her chest, the strap of her bag pushing her breasts aside and giving them more volume than was usually there, not that she was lacking in the chest department in the first place. The spoken words hushed as a girl suddenly froze mid-sentence, jaw agape as she saw Sylvia approach.
Shortly afterwards, the other students had gotten up from their seats and positions at the stop to crowd around her, forming a semi-circle. Some pretended to look at her face while stealing quick glances at the rest of her body, but a few others were more obvious in where they were looking.
"Did you lose a bet?"
"Is she for real?"
"I think I'm still dreaming..."
Another car drove by, behind the naked girl whose rear was still open to the road. She heard the engine slow as the tires stopped spinning and the car stopped by the curb as its lights flickered off. She didn't want to act too intrigued by who it was on the off chance that the driver was a suspicious character, or worse, her mother leaving early for work come to chide her choice of attire.
"Sylvia!" A boy burst out of the driver's seat, a bag hunched over his shoulder.
Lucas ran towards the crowd that was surrounding the naked girl, his arms shakily moving between trying to cover his own eyes or block the onlookers from seeing.
"What the hell are you wearing?" He asked.
"Well, I've got some comfortable sneakers on." She said, pretending not to care. "And I think this hair tie is pretty neat as well, it stops my hair from covering the rest of my look."
Sylvia turned her head to show off the tie, but she was certain everybody merely used the opportunity to get an eyeful of her breasts while she was looking away.
But Lucas was still incredulous at the sight. He took off his backpack and tried to push it forwards to cover up his friend. But Sylvia crossed her arms, rejecting the cover.
"Carry your own stuff, Lucas!" She teased.
Lucas didn't laugh. "Are you insane? You can't just- just..." He trailed off, transfixed by staring at her bare skin. As his eyes dropped to the floor, they held on her sex - only very slightly covered by a few short pubic hairs - for a long while before he snapped himself out of it and looked back at the street.
It wasn't long before the bus arrived, screeching to a stop in front of the crowd. The other students had surrounded her in stares, blocking her view from the passengers - but it wouldn't be long before they all got an eyeful as well. It took some time before anybody actually got on - one girl, waiting with her boyfriend, eventually had to grab her man by the hair to physically pull him away from his transfixation on Sylvia's body. Once the two went, the rest followed with Sylvia second to last.
Lucas stayed directly behind her - whether he was staying close out of some sense of trying to protect her or because he wanted the physical proximity was likely a combination of both.
She could feel his eyes looking up at her pussy as she climbed the stairs - Sylvia made sure her bag was at her side instead of covering her rear to give him the best possible view. She'd even trimmed her hair down there, so her actual vulva would be in plain view from the back. She thought about shaking her butt a bit, but thought that may be excessive.
The bus driver barely looked up as the naked girl passed him, only doing a double take when it was too late to confirm that one of his passengers was actually in the nude.
She could feel all the stares on her body as she made her way through the crowded bus and looked for an empty spot. Sylvia placed a hand onto the back of each seat, pretending like she was trying to keep balance when the reality was that she didn't want to tempt herself into covering in embarrassment. Her face was glowing red, but she lied to herself that it was merely the warmth of the sun.
Several boys hastily grabbed their bookbags and flung themselves into the windows, offering their spots to the nude Sylvia in the hopes that they could enjoy her company. But she laughed and shook her head each time. If these boys didn't give her attention clothed, then why suddenly warm up to them because they wanted to stare at her tits? Besides, she always sat by one of her friends if she could and today would be no different.
She found an empty seat and turned around, instinctively trying to push back her skirt before she sat on it before realizing that this was unnecessary. The fake leather seat felt strange against her bare buttocks, and not for the first time did she feel the powerful urge to run home to at the very least grab a towel. Lucas threw himself onto the seat next to her, as though he thought several other students might rush to take the highly-valued view away from him.
He was practically pushing her into the wall before he realized the amount of leg he was touching, quickly apologizing and sliding away to give her more space than she needed. There was something funny about how flustered Lucas was at the sight of her. She'd caught him sneaking peeks at her body plenty of times before and typically laughed them off - teasing him a bit about his wandering eyes before going back to whatever they were doing before.
But this was much more than simple teasing. She was at one point, worried that she might lose her nerve spending the day this way; But it might just be Lucas to lose his mind first. He glanced around the bus, eyeing the multiple people who were craning uncomfortably in their seats to get a look at the naked girl beside him but remaining unable to block much of her from sight.
Once the bus had taken off and the students settled down, the two finally had a moment of relative reprieve - even if the obvious 'stretching' some students did gave away that they were trying to get a better look at her.
"What's the point of this?" Lucas asked, finally managing to rest his backpack on his lap, both covering himself and enough of Sylvia that he could comfortably look at her again.
"It's sort of a long story." Sylvia shrugged. "And I feel like you wouldn't believe most of it anyway."
"Then, for the sake of experiment.," He rubbed his eyes "Assume I will."
Sylvia spent the next few minutes explaining the gist of her predicament - that she had relived the same day again and again, resetting at midnight. Today, she simply felt like trying public nudity out, knowing there would be nobody around to remember her boldness.
"Wait," Lucas began once she caught up to the present "So I'm not going to remember any of today?"
"Well..." Sylvia started "I actually don't know what happens to you at midnight. I haven't really thought about it yet."
"Oh great." He sighed and looked at his phone "That means I have about... sixteen hours to live."
The two laughed together, Sylvia a bit louder than she had expected to. Their laughter gained them some extra attention and she could feel more eyes than before on her body. That's when Sylvia looked out the window and noticed they were arriving at school. The real test was about to begin.
"Well, we're here..." Lucas started, leaving their insecurities implied but unspoken.
"Yeah... We are..." Sylvia's voice trailed off into trepidation.
Other students started shuffling off the bus, most of them stopping when they got to the aisle with the naked girl in it. Lucas and Sylvia stayed behind, clutching their bags and looking at the floor. Occasionally, her gaze would look aside at one of the passing students, who would invariably be checking out her body before the next person in line shoved them forward and took their turn.
She felt a chilling dirtiness at their gazes, like the collective opinion of her dropped to a new low - the thought of not just her bus route but the entire school judging her naked body with those same expressions came into her head and began darkening her thoughts. It was only supposed to be temporary, but the memories would stay with her even after the next timeloop reset.
"To tell you the truth," She clutched Lucas' arm. "I don't actually know if I can go through with this. Earlier, when I was acting confident, that was just a fake. I thought if I pretended being naked didn't bother me, it might be easier."
"I can call my mom and have her pick you up." He had a rehearsed solution ready. "We can get a towel from the front office or get your gym clothes. I might also have a jacket in my locker if you don't mind waiting for me to run over and get it."
"No." She shook her head. "I have to... Taking the easy way out so far has only hurt other people."
Sylvia looked up and saw the last few students leaving the bus, one or two heads craning around to get one last glance. Already, there were a few people standing outside the bus, waiting at her window for when the naked girl would exit. She was already becoming a spectacle.
"Well," She stood up. "Here goes nothing."
Sylvia left first with Lucas following. This time, the bus driver gave her a more thorough look as she passed, though if had anything to say about a naked girl riding his bus he kept it to himself. She heard the door shut behind her - making her feel trapped between the vehicle and the onlookers. Lucas gave the crowd a few dirty looks, but they were all disregarded as people moved to the side to get a better view, shoving classmates out of the way to see over them.
"Oh my god, she really is..."
"What's wrong with her?"
"Aw man, she's still got shoes on."
The comments were louder than those at the bus stop, the tone in the voices of the other students referencing her not as though she was a classmate, but an animal who had wandered into school. People spoke as though she couldn't understand their words.
But worse were the phones. She'd expected a few photos might be taken and even imagined posing to come across as confident. But people were holding phones sideways, blatantly leaning in to film lower angle shots and she could see fingers zooming the cameras in as the phones were angled down to her pussy.
But for all the boldness of the onlookers, none of them dared to come too close. Lucas stepped in front of her and began to lead the way around the crowd that was blocking the sidewalk, grabbing her free hand as he did so. As Sylvia followed him onto the road, she kept her gaze down to her feet - though the sight of her bare legs didn't make forgetting the situation any easier. A few students were following behind her, something she confirmed with a quick glance back, but there was very little she could do other than walk faster.
She was partially thankful for Lucas's hand-holding. If both arms were free, she might be more tempted to try and cover her bits with her hands, but with his tight grip on her wrist it was easier to pretend she was staying uncovered of her own volition.
Monica wasn't at school yet, though she would likely be coming at any moment. Their usual spot was pretty far out of the way of the main hallways and nobody was willing to follow the naked girl as she was practically dragged away from them. Even so, a few of the others who typically hung out in the same area stopped whatever they were doing as she walked by.
"What are you going to do when I'm not there?" Lucas started. "You would still be standing outside the bus if I didn't drag you away from that crowd!"
"I don't need to be babied." Sylvia started, though she knew there was some truth to his words. "It's just... It was a little bit harder to move than I thought it would be."
"It's not going to get any easier, you know." Lucas looked around before sitting on the ground, keeping his back to the crowd to try and provide Sylvia with a small amount of cover. "And I'm worried that maybe later the worst case scenario might happen and-"
There was a crash as a door slammed open - Monica's standard entrance.
"Happy Prom Day!" She announced to nobody in particular. Monica dashed forward and approached Sylvia from behind. When she heard the footsteps coming closer, she turned around only to get suddenly bear-hugged from the front.
"Good morni- Uagh!" Monica pressed her face against Sylvia's chest only to be taken aback by the feeling of bare skin against her cheeks. "You're naked!"
"Oh my god! I am!" Sylvia smiled. She gave a short chuckle to let the sarcasm be obvious.
"Why?" Monica asked.
"Because". Sylvia responded.
Monica shrugged, released her friend, and sat on the ground. If only everybody could be as understanding as her.
Sitting on the floor while naked was even more uncomfortable than sitting on the bus seats. Sylvia shuffled around a bit with different positions for her legs before deciding to fold them together and sit on her shins. Her knees pressed against the hard tile floors, but it was better than having her bare butt against tile.
Leaning back on one arm and removing her bag from her shoulder, she allowed herself to breathe again. Monica and Lucas began catching up, her nudity barely even being a consideration even if they would look at her chest before her eyes about half the time.
"So how are we feeling about playing at prom tonight?" Sylvia asked.
"Great!" Monica pumped a fist into the air.
"Nervous." Lucas stuttered. "You're not planning on performing like that, are you?"
She laughed off the comment, recalling the previous night when she had, in fact, performed in the buff in order to give Ivy some confidence.
"I don't think it will come to that." Sylvia said, being cryptic on purpose.
"Do you think you're gonna win prom queen?" Monica had a glint in her eye, as if her comment justified the long look she gave her naked friend.
"I don't know about that." Sylvia sat up and posed a few times. "But I would certainly win 'Best Dressed' if I showed up like this."
The three laughed together, though from Lucas's hesitation it was plain to see he was unsure whether Sylvia was serious or not. The laughter was cut short when the bell rang, followed by a short yelp from Sylvia as she lurched forwards.
"What's wrong?" Monica asked.
"The locker." Sylvia turned around to try and look at her back. "I think it stabbed me. It's fine, I've got a bandage in my backpack somewhere."
Sylvia reached into her purse and produces a small paper box of bandages. She'd lost her bag a few times over the previous days, actually having it available for once was a welcome break from all the running around without a phone or anything else.
"Do you mind?" Sylvia turned around, pulling her hair to one side and completely exposing her back to Lucas.
"I- er- sure." He stuttered, taking the bandage from her hand and shakily unwrapping the protective paper.
She knew he was staring at her butt while her back was turned, too embarrassed to do so when he knew she would be looking. But when it was just the three of them like this, she felt more comfortable and even stuck her butt out a bit, pretending to be giving him an easier time finding the cut on her back.
There was a brief pressure on her shoulder as he rubbed the bandage in place, clearly bothered trying to figure out the exact right amount of time to savor the skin contact without coming across as too creepy or not placing the bandage well enough.
Sylvia sighed as she walked towards the main hallway, not yet ready to face the rest of the day and the crowds that awaited, but knowing she would need to go to class eventually. When Monica and Lucas stood on either side of her, though, her nerves calmed a little bit and she forced herself to smile as she pressed forward.
At first, nobody seemed to take notice of the naked girl walking among them in the hallways. First thing in the morning, most people were more concerned with trying to get to class than what the people around them were garbed in. But it didn't take long before the other students took notice, especially when the crowds were packed more closely together.
Some froze in place, rubbing their eyes to see if they were seeing things correctly. Other students went out of their way trying to get a better look. It would have been much tougher if her friends flanking her weren't blocking people from getting too close, and of course the constant flow of traffic in the halls kept people moving swiftly; Those who stopped in place were usually pushed along unwillingly before they got more than a brief glance.
Every so often, somebody would point to her and others would turn their heads, but she kept her chin up and simply moved forward, once again pretending as though she didn't care. She could feel her flushed face glowing red, but there was nothing she could do about that. It took a conscious effort to maintain a steady pace with smooth, long steps. Walking any faster would cause some uncomfortable bouncing and the lack of a bra for support was starting to make itself feel known.
Once they arrived outside the classroom, her friends stopped just short. They had classes of their own to attend and couldn't follow her inside, saying as much outside the door. But Sylvia simply nodded in acknowledgment, assuring the others that she would be fine once in a classroom before reminding Lucas that his first block class was on the other side of the building. In spite of his reservations, he left, but not before one last 'good luck' was spoken between the pair.
Her teacher, Mr. Geraldo, was standing at the front of the classroom staring down at a few papers on a podium and paying no attention to the students coming in. But the rest of the class was more attentive. As soon as she closed the door behind her, a hush swept across the others like a wave - the silence doing more to draw attention to her than any amount of noise.
Sylvia's seat was near the door, only a few rows back. This meant that she had one side of her obscured, but people sitting behind her would be able to take in the view as much as they wanted to. Most of the other students were seated already but made strides to adjust their seated positions to stare at their nude classmate. This bothered her nearly as much as the cheap plastic chair she had had to sit on - at first Sylvia thought to try to sit with one leg folded beneath herself, but unlike the hallways before, she'd need to stay in this position for an hour and a half; So she simply accepted her bare butt being pressed against the cold chair for the duration.
It wasn't long after sitting that Mr. Geraldo tried to begin his lecture, though the sight of Sylvia's bare breasts above her desk was clearly a distraction to him as he struggled to start speaking. Eventually, he felt compelled to call her out.
"Miss Allen..." He began, unsure whether to look at her or not. "I'm not sure if your, er, 'outfit' is appropriate for class."
"It doesn't violate dress code." Sylvia replied, trying to hide her nervous voice. "The school's dress code only forbids certain items, but there's no rule about nudity."
This was, of course, a lie. It shouldn't have to be stated but being naked in school was not allowed under even the most generous interpretations of the rule. But very few people ever actually bothered to read the school's code of conduct in its entirety and as such, she felt like if she spoke with confidence she would be able to get away with being naked.
Besides, none of her teachers had brought up indecency on any of the previous days and she'd had some provocative outfits on before.
"I... I suppose so." Mr. Geraldo didn't seem especially swayed, but between the laziness of Friday and the fact that less work was generally assigned on the day of prom, she suspected he'd be too lazy to confirm this.
"Still, I must ask you to cover some of the more... delicate parts of your physique. They may serve as a distraction to other students."
"I see." Sylvia said. "I think I have something that should work."
He left out the real reason - that he couldn't focus, too - and hid this message behind some professionally chosen words. A few students groaned in disagreement that the sweet sight might soon be obscured. At least, until she stood up from her seat and produced a small box from her bag.
Sylvia slowly peeled the paper backing from a bandage, knowing her classmates were leering at her the whole time as her fingers traced the packaging and slowly pulled back. She had to flick her fingers a bit to unstick the bandage from between them, but was soon able to gently place a skin-colored piece of cloth over her left nipple. Then, she repeated the process with her right one.
She thought for a short second whether to put a third bandage between her legs, vertically across her pussy, but the thought of the adhesive end getting pressed against the dark hair she had down there and yanking some out when it came time to remove it made her think twice. Besides, she was going to be seated for most of the day so it didn't matter.
But the other thing that stopped her from covering her sex was the fact that she could feel a small amount of liquid forming down there. At first, she thought it may have simply been sweat from walking around thus far - combined with an accelerated heart-rate due to the number of people staring at her. But it was clear that the stares were beginning to excite her as much as terrify her; And that thought made the situation feel even more embarrassing. It would probably be better to sit down as fast as possible so as not to risk drawing any more attention down there.
"Is this any better?" She asked, taking a seat.
The teacher merely mumbled into his coat as he turned back around and began writing a few things on the board.
There were fewer pages than usual assigned to the class as it was a prom Friday and very few people would be paying attention. In spite of this affordance, even fewer people seemed to be working on the assignment as about half the students were stealing too many glances at her to focus. Even Mr. Geraldo seemed to have lost track of time during the lesson as he failed to stay on the accelerated schedule.
When it dawned on him that it was time to go through the lesson with the class, he quickly tried to shift to a discussion format. But as most of the students hadn't actually done the lesson, this was slow going; Nobody volunteered to answer anything.
That was, until Sylvia raised her hand.
"Does anybody have an answer?" He said, trying not to ogle the naked girl on the side of the classroom but failing. "Sylvia?"
She recalled the date the teacher had mentioned in class the days before.
"That's... correct." He replied, shocked that somebody could apparently recall history in the nude. "And for the next question?"
His eyes panned over the students for a time, pretending as though he were looking for a hand. Sylvia's arm shot up, her left breast bouncing beneath it with her enthusiasm.
She answered the next question correctly, too. And the one after that. The students mumbled to each other a bit, apparently shocked that she was suddenly able to answer even the trickiest of questions assigned - as well as adding a bit of supplementary information that wasn't even a part of the assigned reading.
What they didn't know was that she'd heard this lecture four times by now. She could probably stand at the front of the classroom and recite it verbatim if she needed to.
"Yes, that's... correct." Mr. Geraldo stated as she finished a short tale about the events, the exact anecdote that her teacher had planned to say himself. "Since when did you become so knowledgeable about this period of history?"
"Well, I suppose being naked really helps with memory." She smugly responded, not eager to reveal the real, unbelievable truth. "Maybe the whole class ought to try it out?"
There was an uncomfortable laughter from the room as the teacher put his head down, clearly having expected a more sane answer. The rest of the class passed quickly, Sylvia simply read through a book she'd had in her bag as the rest of the class began to socialize. Occasionally, she would look up from the novel and make eye contact with a person who was staring - quickly shaming them into looking back down at their desk.
One student had tried to sneakily snap a picture beneath his desk of the naked girl sitting a ways in front of him, but was not nearly as subtle about it as he had hoped to be, dropping the device on the ground. The clattering sound it produced seemed to echo throughout the classroom. His face flushed as the teacher walked down the aisle and demanded the device, saying he would bring it to the front office but not before forcing the student to delete the photo in question and revealing that he'd been taking dozens of them all morning.
Sylvia thought back to the crowd that morning - the students who had taken photos of her as she walked off the bus. How many of those photos were circulating around the student body right now? It occurred to her that as the day went on, more and more people would know about her little stunt and the crowds would only become more fervent in their obsession.
She wasn't yet sure if that was exciting or not. But as the bell rang, she knew she'd find out soon.
Most of the male students stuck around after class, taking their sweet time gathering their belongings as they organized bookbags on their laps and shuffled papers about. At first, Sylvia thought they were trying to time their exit of the classroom to be close to her, but once she stood up and walked towards the door took notice of the fact that none of the boys were getting out of their seats. A profane thought entered her mind and she giggled at the fact that they were too ashamed of their arousal and had to wait for the excitement to die down before they could go anywhere.
But things were different in the hallway. A few people were gathered outside the door already, as if waiting to meet up with somebody; They were waiting for her. It seemed that the rumors of the naked student had already spread around and some people were privy to her schedule, prepared to spend as much time ogling her as possible. She hadn't even made it out the door when she realized that most of the people had their phones readied, recording every step of her journey.
"Bandages? That's hot!"
"She really is..."
"Move over, your head's in my way."
Lucas pushed through the crowd, clearing a space for her to get through. His face was red and he was panting, having apparently run from the opposite side of the building just to greet her. The sight of a friend made her feel a little bit better about having to make the walk to her gym class.
"Hey... Sylv... ia..." He forced out between breaths. "Would you... like to walk... with me?"
"Thanks for the offer, but you really didn't have to go all this way." She said, though she started walking with him anyway.
As they moved forward, some of the students moved aside to let her pass, though whether this was an act of kindness or because they were hoping to film her butt seemed to firmly be the second answer. She felt a bit of shame when one student very obviously held his camera low to the ground, less than a hands-length away from her pussy. But her strategy was to ignore onlookers today and she pretended not to take any notice even if her buttocks instinctively tightened.
"It's nothing," Lucas said, elbowing an onlooker out of his way as he walked slightly in front of his nude friend. "I just feel a lot safer knowing that you're okay."
Sylvia felt mixed about this sentiment. On one hand, she didn't need Lucas to guide her through the hallways. She had resolved to spend the whole day in the nude and felt as though his assistance slightly diminished the task at hand. But another part of her was able to relax whenever he was nearby, like she was safer with another person. She kept her mouth shut and merely smiled at his words.
Once she and her escort turned down the hallway to the gym, most of the onlookers stopped and made their way to their own classrooms. Others kept their distance, but as Coach Reagan was a notoriously strict teacher, she felt safe that she wouldn't be followed inside the room.
"Thanks for the walk, but I've got it from here." Sylvia smiled.
"Alright." Lucas said. It seemed as if he had more to say afterwards, but he swallowed those words and simply followed up with "Stay safe."
They stopped just outside the gym doors, the crowd still watching though in smaller numbers than before. Lucas quickly glanced down at her chest, then tried to look at the floor as usual before seeing a triangle of hair that flustered him even further. His gaze ended up resting on Sylvia's eyes in the end.
And then, he hugged her, repeating his message from before. "Stay safe."
It was a surprisingly chaste hug in spite of the fact that she was naked. His hands both stayed on her upper back, and he didn't press too hard against her, though her breasts squished against his chest anyway. The other students let out a whoop and some even started clapping, which made her blush a bit. But Lucas just squeezed tighter, reassuring her that he wasn't concerned with their feelings before he let go.
She got to gym later than usual and instinctively headed for the locker room. Upon entering and seeing the other girls in various states of undress, she quickly realized her nudity again - though in a more positive way. She could change into her gym clothes if she were inclined to do so, but she'd spent so long naked already that it didn't seem to matter whether she had them on or not. Instead, her gym class preparations merely consisted of tying her hair back into a different style to keep it from whipping her in the face if she were to turn around suddenly.
Even here, though, it seemed as though the rumors had already spread. Some of the girls didn't pay any mind to the nude classmate sitting among them - after all, it wasn't unusual to be undressed in a locker room - but others had heard of her stunt and saw her nakedness as a confirmation that the rumors were real. What really confirmed it though was when she walked out, still in the nude.
A few people in gym were lined up for stretches already, freezing when they saw Sylvia approaching. They'd lean over to their neighbor to get his attention and then stare, tensing up as she trotted over to a mark on the floor. Sylvia decided to take a mark near the front of the room, both to show off her body to the entire class, and because she thought it would be easier if she couldn't tell how often people were staring.
Coach Reagan entered the gym, pausing at the sight of the naked Sylvia as she relaxed on the floor.
"Forgetting something?" The coach asked.
"Nothing comes to mind." She replied. "Did you know the 'gym' in the word gymnasium actually refers to nudity? The ancient Greeks used to exercise this way."
The coach seemed to find that remark funny and simply shook her head, preparing to lead the class through the usual stretches. Once or twice she would scold a student whose staring was a bit too obvious, and she had to physically pull one boy away when his jumping jacks got closer and closer to the naked girl at the front.
Sylvia had massively underestimated the strain she would feel trying to work out in the nude, though. It was plain to the entire class she was more than 'gifted' when it came to her chest, even while she was fully clothed, but jumping and jogging in place made her boobs bounce significantly and the discomfort made her grasp a breast and wince after one of the more strenuous stretches.
But the entire class' eyes were on her, even moreso than usual. She recalled back in Middle School, the first Fall semester after she'd had her summer growth spurt and her chest started to come in. Sylvia very quickly found out how much extra attention she got and she'd hated it. Boys would stare at her from the distance and pretend they were looking elsewhere when she caught them. They would rarely make eye contact, and if they did she'd started to suspect it was a ploy to distract her while a friend flipped up her skirt from behind.
She'd gotten so sick of the harassment, she even went through a baggy clothes phase. But that had little effect on the amount of ogling she encountered on a day to day basis. Boys stared at girls no matter how modestly they dressed. If only the young her could see her behavior now - Sylvia didn't know if her younger self would be horrified at what she'd become, or thrilled about getting over the insecurities.
The stretching ended as the last few holdouts finally left the locker room - the girls who thought they were 'better' than stretching that Coach Reagan had given up on trying to teach. Elizabeth was among them, laughing derisively when she saw her rival standing in the gym wearing little more than shoes.
"Are you that desperate for a prom date?" Elizabeth sneered.
"No, I just didn't want to be caught dead wearing the same thing as you." Sylvia fired back.
"Well I have to say, that's probably the only half-decent outfit you own." She looked down at the naked girl's shoes. "And you still couldn't pull it off."
"Maybe we should swap?" Sylvia smiled. "Just to see if you do it any better."
"That's enough out of you two." Coach Reagan shouted over the conversations of the students. Her mighty voice echoed off the gymnasium walls and caught everyone's attention in its wake. "We're playing basketball today since most of you, I imagine, are gonna be too preoccupied thinking about prom and... other things."
She looked at Sylvia with that last line.
"We'll be doing a draft." She started. "Shirts versus skins."
"Sylvia should lead the skins!" A student shouted from the back. The rest of the class snickered.
"Sounds good with me." She nodded, walking up to the front of the court and turning around to face the rest of the class.
"Elizabeth, you'll be on shirts." Coach Reagan produced a plastic bucket full of dirty jerseys. Not for the first time, Sylvia was glad to be wearing nothing at all over one of those.
"You know, maybe everybody on Sylvia's team should have to match." Elizabeth laughed as she pulled the fabric over her head. "How about that?"
"Sounds like a good idea." Sylvia added. "Anybody on the shirts team will play the right way."
An idea was beginning to form in Sylvia's head.
Elizabeth chose first in the draft, immediately selecting her boyfriend out of the group. His tall features and empty expression made him the perfect puppet to do whatever the team captain told him to do - and very efficiently at that.
Sylvia eyed the group, taking her time in carefully watching the expressions of each student as she looked at them. It was clear that the joke earlier about the 'skins' team playing naked was still on the minds of the rest - so she tried to pick somebody who didn't look too excited but didn't flinch at her look, either.
She eventually settled on a lithe girl near the middle of the class. Tall and skinny with breasts that looked no bigger than two coin purses, she wasn't exactly a model - but Sylvia thought she remembered the girl wiping sweat away with her shirt during a practice months ago, not caring who saw her exposed bra.
She might do.
Elizabeth chose next, pointing out another tall athletic type - though it was worth mentioning that any true athletes were on actual sports teams and thus, would get their P.E. credit from their team.
The next person Sylvia chose was a short, excitable type. A guy who hadn't taken his eyes off of Sylvia's naked body since they started stretching - all while making no attempts to pretend otherwise. She thought he was just the right type of person to set up what she was going for.
And she was right.
"Aren't you going to strip?" She asked the boy as he got to the front of the class.
It took him a few seconds to realize that the pair of boobs at eye-level to him had a head attached, and that the head was talking to him. So long that, when he realized the request, he'd already said yes.
"You, too." Sylvia pointed at the lithe girl next to her. "And... you." She pointed at a chubby girl near the back of the classroom, one who had been too embarrassed to so much as look at Sylvia all day.
The girl slowly walked to the front of the gym, clutching one arm tightly to her stomach as she dragged her feet beneath her. She whimpered when she spoke.
"I don't really have to get naked... do I?"
"Of course not." She asked the room in general. "But you at least need to take that shirt off."
It wasn't the nicest thing to do, but Sylvia knew this girl wasn't especially popular. The rest of the crowd started urging her to get undressed - partially out of a sense of bullying - and the others on the team joined in. The excitable boy was far too enthusiastic about stripping but the lithe girl undressed as though it were completely normal to do so and soon, the whole gym was cheering as she slowly lifted up her shirt to reveal a surprisingly intricately-patterned bra cupping two huge pale breasts.
"Is it alright if I stay in my bra?" She asked.
And that was all it took.
Elizabeth tried to make her next call over the ruckus of the crowd but got drowned out. People began volunteering in large numbers, raising their hand to come up and join the topless girls as it suddenly became the more exciting thing to do. After all, what was better than hanging out with a nude woman than hanging out with one while you were also undressed?
In the end, Elizabeth had to force people to join her team - which ended up mostly comprised of shy students who were uncomfortable with the bare skin of the others - while Sylvia had an enthusiastic group of streakers ready and eager to play basketball. Coach Reagan was covering her face, trying hard not to laugh at the absurd sight.
They lined up for tip-off, some of the shirtless students suddenly realizing their exposure and awkwardly getting into a ready stance while covering with another arm - but others seemed completely confident in their skin now that everybody was doing it.
Coach Reagan threw the ball into the air. Elizabeth jumped for it. Sylvia jumped higher.
She could feel the smaller girl smack into her breasts as she pulled the basketball out of the air - one of the advantages of a chest of this size. Sylvia quickly dribbled down the court as her defender struggled to regain composure after having been tit-smacked.
People rushed to cover Sylvia so enthusiastically that she was able to clear the ball easily by simply tossing it aside to a totally undefended shirtless boy nearby, with a naked girl in the middle of the gym and a few topless girls here and there, he was practically invisible. He made an easy three-point toss and the ball went back to Elizabeth's team.
The game went on in this fashion - the shirts too distracted by the skins to play properly; Whether they were too enamored by the sight or simply too embarrassed to defend properly.
"Keep your eyes on the ball you idiots!" Elizabeth shouted. Nobody seemed to pay her any mind as a simple pass ended up smacking the face of a jerseyed player who was distracted by the bouncing breasts of a girl on the other side of the court.
The score represented a total blow-out. The shirts had barely managed a few baskets while the skins led by nearly forty points. And then, something snapped inside Elizabeth's head - the part of her that hated to lose.
The blonde girl sprinted down court after Sylvia recovered an air ball and headbutted Sylvia as hard as she could. Sylvia fell backwards onto her butt, her legs spread apart as she laid on her back. The hit was hard enough to make her take a moment to get up, but there was no shortage of excitable guys willing to offer her a hand.
She shot a free-throw, the entire gymnasium taking in the sight of her body as she readied up at the foul line.
After that, the entire game changed. The clothed team started to realize that the punishment for fouling was a free-throw in a game they were going to lose anyway. Suddenly, people were squeezing their classmates' butts when they passed by, groping breasts while pretending to try to strip the ball, and knocking players over to enjoy the view of girls laying on the ground.
Some of the bruised skins players hastily slipped away to put their shirts back on, others simply avoided trying to go down court alongside her, realizing that it was a bad idea to undress in class and blaming her for getting them caught up in the fervor. Soon, aside from a few shirtless boys, Sylvia was the only completely naked student inside the gym.
And so, with the horny shirts team incited and nobody at her back, she began to get fouled almost every time the ball came her way - something that happened often as her teammates refused to touch it, possibly thinking she deserved it. They even began to coordinate efforts - one student would shove her down and two more would 'catch' her by groping her ass.
Boys would bodycheck her, or aggressively reach around and touch her hips while acting as though they were trying to take the ball. These infractions were usually called out, and Sylvia got more free-throws than she'd ever think she would have to take, but the nerves were starting to get to her. When she missed a shot, they'd all jeer and laugh, making it even harder to play.
The game was still a blow-out. The Skins won by a large margin as the shirts were trying to play a completely different game.
But it was over nonetheless and a mentally-defeated Sylvia returned to the locker room where she cold feel at ease once again. She was sweaty and her skin was covered in red marks from the various falls she'd taken and the rough treatment that the other team inflicted on to her. She marched to the showers, kicking off her shoes near the entrance and stepping in to let the grime of the game wash away.
But before she could turn on the water, Elizabeth entered behind her.
"What the hell do you think you're doing?" She demanded. "Prancing around naked out there? You had to know what you were getting into."
"It's none of your business." Sylvia replied.
"You sure about that?" Elizabeth stepped in front of Sylvia, her naked body blocking the taps to get her attention. "I think you're up to something. What is it? Seducing somebody? Or did you just decide to stop pretending you're not a slut?"
"What the hell is your problem?" Sylvia shouted, stepping over to try and get to the water.
"My problem?" She replied. "You come to school naked and I'm the one who has a problem?"
"Do you mind?" Sylvia just wanted to take a shower.
"Yes, I do!" Elizabeth put her hand on the spigot, blocking Sylvia again. "First you prance around the school naked, letting half the students film your naked ass. Then you start convincing other girls to strip too! It's insanity!"
"I didn't force anybody to do anything!" Sylvia said. A crowd was beginning to gather around the argument.
"Oh sure," Elizabeth shook her head "Peer pressure has never forced anyone before. Did you even think about the rest of your classmates?"
She pointed over her shoulder to the chubby girl from earlier, now dressed but staring listlessly at the floor. A pang of guilt rang through Sylvia's mind as she remembered the bullying that girl had gotten, and that maybe she was in part responsible for continuing that.
"I... I guess maybe it was a bit much." Sylvia admitted.
"And what about all of them?" Elizabeth grabbed a girl nearby, who winced as the blonde girl grabbed her arm. "Show her your bruise!"
The other girl meekly looked at the ground, then slowly turned around to reveal a red mark on her right breast where somebody had evidently slapped it hard during the match.
"Look, I'm sorry." Sylvia said. "But it's not my fault if the others were a bit rough with you!"
"That's not enough!" Elizabeth was shouting now. "Listen, I know I can be a bit standoffish at times, but even I know when not to drag people into my disagreements! I don't know what possessed you to come to school naked, but you're dragging other people into it and they're getting hurt!"
"Well what do you want me to do?" Sylvia grabbed her head. "I already apologized? Do I need to get on my knees and beg?"
She regretted the words as soon as she spoke them. The other girls in the locker room were surrounding her, staring with the same idea in their heads.
"Maybe..." Elizabeth started. "Maybe some of us could blow off a bit of steam.
"Wait there, I'm going to get dressed."
Sylvia felt the eyes of the entire girl's locker room on her, their judgemental looks making her fear what Elizabeth had planned. She found her shoes where she left them and stepped into the pair, tightening the laces a bit while she pretended everything was okay. Coach Reagan was in her office, attached to the back of the locker room, and seemed engrossed in reading some magazine article instead of paying attention to the mob forming.
Elizabeth walked back into the main section of the locker room where a few other students were still surrounding the naked Sylvia. In her hands was a rubber bag she had taken from the pool supplies room.
"Come on." She gestured with a finger. "You're going to apologize to the class. And you're doing it the right way."
Sylvia knew she didn't have to go along with this, but she wasn't sure what might happen if she tried to run. It wasn't as though she had to get dressed, she'd already made up her mind on returning to class naked after this - but the sweat on her body seemed to start building up again as the mob led her into the gymnasium once again.
The boys had left the locker room, their showering was always much shorter than the girls' routines. Eyes were on her as she was directed to the bleachers near the side of the room and people wondered what was going on. Soon, the crowd of onlookers was even bigger, with Elizabeth having to halt people with her hand to keep them at a comfortable viewing distance.
Once a semi-circle had formed, Elizabeth quieted the crowd with her commanding voice.
"Everybody!" She got the crowd's attention - at least, the attention that wasn't on Sylvia's nude body. "Sylvia has a few things to say about her conduct today!"
Sylvia felt the stares at her, much different than the stares she'd been getting all day. Before, people looked at her with incredulity or lust, but now there was something else in those eyes. Some viewed her with a derisive and condescending look, others with anger at their treatment earlier. She didn't know when her hands had moved to cover her body.
"I- I'm sorry." Sylvia forced out. "I shouldn't have asked anybody else to strip."
"Not like that!" Elizabeth shook her head. "Stop covering yourself up, hands behind your head!"
There was something in her tone of voice that made Sylvia respond more obediently. It was the tone of a natural commander - perhaps why so many people were always willing to go along with whatever she said. Elizabeth clutched the bag she had in her hand, her fingers tracing the outline of something obscured by the waterproof bag.
"I'm very sorry." Sylvia said, her arms in the air. She could feel her breasts sagging beneath her, the bandages she'd put on her nipples tugging on the skin. The gazes of the crowd were all on her body, which still had the red marks where these players had been assaulting her before.
"I should not have made my team take their shirts off."
"For trying to distract us!" A student yelled.
"I'm sorry for trying to distract you during the game." Sylvia meekly said.
"And for being a slut!" A girl's voice added.
"I'm sorry for being a slut." She shuddered.
"Well?" Elizabeth stepped forwards. "Has she learned her lesson, or do you think there's more punishment in store?"
The crowd of onlookers let out an angry roar. They were whooping derisively and pointing fingers at her as though she were accused of witchcraft in old America. Her eyes grew wide as she noticed Elizabeth pulling something out of her bag, a blue foam paddle board used to help teach people how to swim.
"Wait a minute." Sylvia put her hands down, trying to plead with the other girl. "What is that for?"
"Turn around." Elizabeth said.
"Listen, I already said I was sorry." Sylvia clutched her fists at her side. "I mean, I was naked that whole game! It's not like having your breasts out is that bad in comparison! And it's not even unusual for guys to take their shirts off, so why are-"
"Turn. Around." Elizabeth said, more firmly.
Sylvia looked at Elizabeth, then at the fomenting crowd, then back to Elizabeth. She didn't think she had a choice. It was clear these people were willing to be rough with her already - what they might do if they'd escaped the confines of a friendly gym-class game she didn't want to know.
Sylvia turned around.
"Stick your butt out." Elizabeth placed a hand on Sylvia's inner thigh, tugging her hips up into the air and forcing her head down. "And grab on to that handrail."
Sylvia assumed the position, shutting her eyes tightly as she heard mumbling from the crowd behind her.
"Nice view."
"See that hand print? That was me."
"So she shaves some of it."
Then, the onlookers went silent - a terrifying noise to hear as she braced for what would happen next. Sylvia had an idea of what it might be, but was praying that it wouldn't be so bad.
-SMACK-
She was only barely able to muffle the sounds coming out of her mouth as the foam pad slammed against her exposed buttocks. Her cheeks clenched, knees buckling inward at the sensation - but Sylvia managed to stay upright. The sound was loud, making the impact seem harder than it truly was, but that's not to downplay the amount of force that was behind the blow
"Who's next?" Elizabeth turned to the crowd.
Nobody volunteered at first, perhaps not sure if the offer was too good to be true or not. But the chubby girl from earlier that day finally worked up the courage to raise a hand.
She stepped forwards to a few mumbles before the crowd fell silent once more.
-SMACK-
This hit wasn't as hard as the first, and Sylvia was more capable of bracing herself for the impact. But she still winced at the sensation and the noise.
With the floodgates opened, other students began to raise their hands as well.
"Wait!" Sylvia tried to shout over the enthusiastic crowd, releasing the railing she had clutched before to try and plead for some sanity. "Please, I think that's enough!"
"Has she had enough?" Elizabeth asked the crowd.
There was a universal shout of disapproval.
"You can't do this!" Sylvia begged. "I've learned my lesson, okay!"
She instinctively stepped back from the crowd as a taller boy, Elizabeth's boyfriend, took the paddle into his hands next. His strong arms flexed a bit as he clutched it and Sylvia knew the next hit wouldn't be nearly as easy to take as the last two.
But there was nowhere to run to.
"Elizabeth, please." She turned to the other girl, placing a hand on her narrow shoulders "You can make them stop!"
"I can." She affirmed. "But I don't think I will."
She reached into the rubber swim bag that had been set aside and produced a small rope from inside, motioning to two other boys who flanked the shaking Sylvia and grabbed her arms.
Her wrists and elbows were bound to the handrail she'd clutched earlier, Sylvia's butt protruding outward as the low height of the metal bars forced her down. She tried to struggle against the restraints, but couldn't make any headway aside from chafing her wrists a bit.
-THWACK-
She let out a short, sharp, squeak at this next blow. Sylvia's attention was so focused on her bond, she'd failed to brace herself for the mighty impact that had struck her behind. Her breasts swung back to their resting positions like two slow pendulums as the force stopped rocking her body. Turning around, she could see the other students beginning to form a line as the paddle was passed back to each person in turn.
-SMACK-
-SLAP-
-THWACK-
This continued on for several more minutes, Elizabeth kept the line moving fast enough that Sylvia never had enough time to recover from one blow before the next one came. At first, she forced herself to stay silent with each hit, but that soon proved too difficult to do as her ass became more and more raw from the successive strikes against her bare cheeks.
By the time the bell rang, almost everybody who had wished to do so had had their way with her butt. She was barely able to stand upright; The railings that once held her down were now the only thing keeping her upright.
Students began to ferry their way out of the gym, laughing among themselves at the extra bit of entertainment they'd gotten to have after the game was over. Sylvia remained tied to the posts as Elizabeth stayed behind, smugly standing against the bleachers that had just been the sight of Sylvia's humiliation.
"So." Elizabeth said. "It's about lunch-time.
"After that, the next class to practice here is the men's basketball team. So I'm wondering, should I leave you here for them to enjoy or should I let you go free?"
"What do you want?" Sylvia still hadn't recovered fully and it took most of her energy just to look up at the other girl.
"The truth." Elizabeth said. "Nobody is actually crazy enough to come to school naked. Tell me what's really going on and I'll untie you."
"Okay, fine." Sylvia took a few deep breaths and began her story.
Despite leaving out a few details (especially those about the embarrassing situations Elizabeth was a part of), the story still took a bit of time to tell. As she went on, she could tell her captor wasn't too thrilled about the tale. Worse was that she was continuously eyeing Sylvia's bonds, no doubt trying to ensure that she wasn't using the story as a distraction to shimmy out of them.
"You must think I'm an idiot." Elizabeth said after the story was over. "Time travel? Seeing the future? You beating me in a fair game?"
"It's true," Sylvia turned as much as she could "I promise!"
"Whatever." Elizabeth got up, taking the bag with her. "I gave you the chance to tell the truth and you turned it down."
She headed towards the door. "Tell the basketball team I said 'Hi'."
"Elizabeth please!" Sylvia begged. "Come back!"
"Fine." The girl turned around. "But only so I can do this."
Elizabeth stood directly behind the bound, naked girl and leaned forward, her clothed crotch rubbing against the raw skin of Sylvia's bare butt as if to rub in the fact that she had clothing on. She leaned forward, and reached her arms around the other girl's sides until her fingers found their way to Sylvia's nipples, pointing down at the ground.
She pinched the tips of Sylvia's nipple-bandages with four long nails. And then she tugged. Hard.
Sylvia screamed, trying to cover her chest to stop the pinching sensation of having two bandages ripped off of sensitive areas but couldn't move her arms. There were a few footsteps that faded into the distance, and then she was alone.
She couldn't see any clocks from where she was, so the amount of time before boys started to flood the gym was unknown. It couldn't have been that far into lunch, so Sylvia was sure she had a while to work with her bonds, but despite her struggling she made no progress. It didn't help that her butt cheeks were numb with pain behind her and the circulation was starting to leave her hands. All she wanted to do now was go back to the locker room and put her gym clothes on. She was done with her naked day.
She twisted her body a bit, trying to get any amount of leverage but to no success. And then, some meek footsteps came back into the empty gym.
"Elizabeth?" Sylvia asked, trying to turn to see who was approaching her from behind. "Who is it?"
"You probably don't know who I am." The voice responded. "But I saw everything that happened."
It was the soft voice of a frail girl, pale and skinny with an unkempt black bowl-cut at the front that stayed straight as it hung down past her shoulders. She was wearing a pair of braces that was obvious even when her mouth was closed and a pair of glasses that seemed slightly too large for her face.
The girl was carrying a box cutter that she held up to Sylvia's bonds, cutting the rubber rope far from the bound girl's arms.
"Who?" Sylvia began. "Why did you do that?"
"It's kind of a long story, but this morning as I was walking to school, a car splashed water on my coat." The girl helped remove the last of the bondage from Sylvia's wrists as the two walked back to the locker room together.
"I was okay with taking it off and just wearing my shirt to class, but then during chemistry this boy spilled some acid and... and..."
She looked down at her clothes, she was garbed in a gym uniform that was clearly too big for her.
"Ordinarily, I have a spare pair of gym clothes in my locker. But since it's Friday and I don't have gym today, my change of clothes was at home being washed. I sort of forgot about that until I got to the locker room." She tugged on the sleeves. "I think these clothes are actually yours. I had to break into a locker to get them."
"You stole my gym clothes?" Sylvia asked, wondering to herself if this girl wasn't the culprit from the previous days as well.
"I'm sorry!" She pushed her palms together. "But mine were ruined and it didn't look like you were using yours and... Then I saw you getting spanked and talking to that girl.
"When I heard what you said about other people being stripped whenever you didn't get embarrassed, it made me think. And then I lined up the events that happened to you this morning with what was happening to me..."
"So this morning, when I was relaxing with my friends in a secluded hallway..." Sylvia started.
"I got my clothes splashed." The girl answered.
"And then, when I was confidently answering the questions in class..." Sylvia continued.
"I got my clothes melted and ran here." The girl finished.
"I... I see." Sylvia almost sat on a bench inside the locker room but remembered her butt's condition and opted to stand instead.
"So... I was just wondering." The girl tugged at the bottom of her shirt. "Since you're doing this whole nudity thing that maybe... I don't know... you would let me keep your clothes.
"I'll bring them back on Monday and you can have them then and I'll even wash them! I just..."
"Yeah." Sylvia nodded. "You can keep the clothes."
"Really?" The other girl looked brightly. "I can wear them?"
"Of course!" Sylvia put on a brave face. "I wasn't planning on wearing them anyway."
The other girl bowed in thanks before practically skipping out the girl's locker room door. She stopped at the doorway and turned around.
"My name is Ysabel." She finished. "With a 'Y'."
"Bye Ysabel with a Y!" Sylvia waved, forcing herself to smile.
It was a lie, what she'd told the girl. Before, Sylvia had completely given up on doing her self-imposed naked day. The original intention was to try to prevent others from going through the embarrassment she'd been through, but as it turns out, simply being naked was not enough to satisfy the universe's weird urges. When she was naked and happy, terrible things happened to others anyway, the other girl nearly spending the day as she had.
Sylvia walked to a mirror to inspect the damage to her body. Most of the bruising on her front had healed over the last few minutes, the marks on her skin already returning to their normal color. But the makeup she'd worn that day was completely ruined, streaks of black ran down the sides of her face where the mascara ran. There was a red ring around her eyes though she didn't remember when she'd started crying.
But it didn't surprise her that she did.
Sylvia looked up at the clock and realized that the lunch break was almost halfway over. If she actually wanted to eat, she'd need to get to the cafeteria fast.
Oh, the cafeteria. It was by far going to be the most crowded part of the school she'd have to navigate up to that point. The school had crammed too many tables into the room to accommodate class sizes and the rows were always crowded, even with students sitting. But she knew she'd have to eat at some point, and trying to avoid being humiliated by the other students merely led to the pain spreading to others.
She wiped the smudged makeup from her face and managed to get herself looking relatively normal again. She made a quick point of checking her butt in the mirror and winced anew at the sight; Red marks defined the perkiest parts of her cheeks, still glowing from the spanking she'd had to deal with earlier. It was even worse knowing that she had no clothing left; She'd just given away her only spare outfit to a stranger.
Everybody who looked at her from behind would know she was spanked. But that was assuming the rumor hadn't already spread by this point. It seemed very little went on in this school without other people quickly learning about it. The gossip mill worked fast.
Once she was clean as she felt she could possibly get, the naked Sylvia made her way out of the locker rooms and into the empty gym, looking out into the hallway to see if a crowd had gathered to await her exit. Graciously, it seemed as though the halls were mostly empty by this point, so she took a deep breath and walked to the cafeteria.
She had received a few glances and stares on the way down, but Sylvia kept her chin high and forced herself to ignore them. A couple of comments were nothing compared to what she had just been through and she was becoming more and more used to tuning out background noise.
The cafeteria wasn't far from the gym and the walk was over shortly. She almost wished it had taken longer.
In spite of Sylvia's attempts to slip through the doors unnoticed, she had barely made it a few steps into the large room when the attention of people started going towards her. There was a loud whistle, several fingers pointing, and suddenly the ambient crowd noise grew a few decibels as students shouted at one another about the sight before them.
Sylvia looked for Monica and Lucas, who were reserving a seat for her in her usual spot. Had they saved that seat for her on the days before? She wasn't sure. All of this was completely new territory for Sylvia - she didn't know what to expect.
Not knowing made things worse.
Sylvia walked up to the table, trying to ignore the jeering as a fresh set of eyes were laid upon her, Monica waved at her.
"How's the thingy?" She asked, completely oblivious to the humiliation Sylvia had just endured.
"Well, I can't complain." Sylvia said. "I didn't think it would be easy and it hasn't been."
"We saved a seat for you." Lucas gestured towards the empty seat between them.
"Thanks but I can't..." Sylvia froze. How could she explain to her two friends what had just happened? Her rear was still sore from the spanking earlier and it would no doubt sting to sit down. "I think I'll get some food, first."
"Do you want me to go with you?" Lucas stood up to volunteer, others eyeing the seat he just got up from.
The space next to the seat reserved for the most ogled girl in the school was prime real estate.
"Thanks, but you should save the seat." Sylvia smiled and turned around, no doubt showing her friends her red buttocks as she went deeper into the crowded room.
She had to cross through the middle of the cafeteria to get to the lunch line, and the further you went towards the center, the more tightly packed the room was. At first, she was able to squeeze by some of the closer tables by turning sideways. It gave the seated students a much clearer view, but helped ensure she was far enough away that the myriad hands reaching out were only able to just brush her skin.
"Move over, I wanna grab her ass!"
"Oh man, look how red it is."
"Does she want people touching her or something?"
But by the middle, the crowds were thick enough (and more prepared) as students leaned back to get a better chance at copping a feel. Arms reached out and grabbed at her thighs as she passed through, and though she tried to reflect a few by chopping at them with her own hands, many more still got through the outer defenses and managed to get a good (though fleeting) grip of her thighs. A few of the onlookers managed to get a quick pinch in on her behind, which made the stinging flare up once more.
She practically fell out of the mob of hands and looked back, glad to see nobody following as she entered the nearly-empty line. Even in this relative safety, she could still feel the eyes glued to her back - a warning that she would have to make the trek through the sea of hands a second time on the way back.
The cafeteria lady was shocked at first at the sight of the naked girl meekly pushing a tray through the line, but a smile came to her face and she simply shook her head.
"Is this some sort of protest?" The woman asked.
"Excuse me?" Sylvia wasn't expecting a question unrelated to food.
"Back in my day, there was a college what did somethin' like that." She started, preparing a plate for the nude girl as though her outfit choice were normal. "Some of the students came t' class in the buff - hopin' to challenge the dress code or somethin' like that."
"Oh... Okay." Sylvia wasn't quite sure how to respond to that. Explaining why she was naked to everybody in school would take far too long than allowing them their own theories.
"Last I heard, those young girls that streaked on campus got put in charge of the place." She smiled again. "Crazy, crazy world. Here's a little somethin' extra. Can't fight the power on an empty stomach."
Sylvia didn't want to correct her and simply thanked the worker for the extra food. Her tray was stacked high with double-servings of a small desert that looked like it could have been a cobbler and some mozzarella sticks with extra dressing on the side. Cafeteria food was usually terrible, but Fridays were pizza day, and it was hard to mess up pizza.
She looked up from her precariously-balanced tray and at the students in the room. Most of them were looking at her, now, eagerly awaiting to see which route she would take back to the spot her friends reserved. The middle of the room put the most eyes on her, but the sides were each more crowded than the middle and were occasionally impossible to walk through, even when other students were actively trying to let you pass.
She didn't think her peers would let her go by so easily.
Sylvia chose the middle route, as it was also the most direct of the options. The students on the row she chose were leaning over, ready to grab at her once more as those further back stood in their seats with phones readied for her walk by. At first, the passing was easy. Most people were content with simply fondling her thighs or stomach or butt and letting her by - the tray blocked people from going after her breasts too hard.
"Excuse me, please." She tried to stay polite, but for all the good it did her she may as well have said nothing at all.
But as she got further in, the hands became less prone to fondling and more prone to grabbing her. She had to struggle against a few students who latched on to her inner thigh, kicking their hands a bit as the rhythm of her kicking only made the fingers slip around dangerously close to a sensitive area. Sylvia twisted as much as she could without risking the integrity of her tray, but then she felt a different feeling.
She'd spent too long in one place, one student managed to get a grip tighter than she could easily shake off; Her attempts to do so only made the anonymous hand slip against her quin, two fingers gently brushing her lower lips.
Sylvia let out a girlish 'eep' as she lost her balance.
The groping hands did little, if anything to break her fall. She slipped through them and onto the floor, throwing her body to the side in an attempt to stop from landing face-first. But this only put her underneath the falling food and the tray and its contents collapsed on top of her, splattering against her chest and face.
There was a mass shuffling of chairs as the further students stood up to try and keep the cameras trained on her - but those closer by crowded around her even more. Some were trying to fondle her further, others were trying to tug her close to them. And some were holding food.
One student - she would never know who - upended a mostly-full milk carton over the girl as she lay on the tile floor. Its contents splashed against her face, blinding her and making her lose her bearings again, her bare butt collapsing onto the floor once more. And with that, the floodgates opened; People were returning to their trays to grab unfinished food and toss it into the mob that had formed.
Food in various formed splattered against her body. Some people missed entirely, hitting their classmates, but the majority hit its mark as sticky desserts and messy sides hit her body, coating it in various colors of waste. When they ran out of food, they tossed napkins, which stuck to her skin and did nothing to make the floor any less slick.
She tried, and failed, and failed again to get to her feet. But the floor was messy by now and she couldn't get any traction on her own. Sylvia finally managed to grab onto a boy's arm to pull herself up.
When she got to her feet, she realized the boy was sitting with his legs apart, the contents of his now-empty drink poured onto his crotch where Sylvia had spilled it.
"Hey!" He shouted. "What's wrong with you?"
"It was an accident!" Sylvia pleaded. She wanted to point out that he had little to complain about.
The mess piled up on and around her was so intense, it actually stopped some of the fondling as her skin was now too gross to touch.
"Well, now you gotta clean it up!" He demanded.
"Go on," A boy near him said. "Wipe it off!"
Others joined in, their tones mocking.
But Sylvia just ran away, none of the agitators bothering to follow after her. Wet footprints made a trail on the floor as the naked girl's shoes were full of various foodstuffs that sloshed with each step. When she made it near her seat, Monica and Lucas were taken aback in shock at their friend's body.
Whereas she appeared fine, if not a bit red before - only a few minutes later she was a sticky, walking mess. Lucas opened his mouth as if he were going to say something, but kept his words to himself and balled up a few napkins. Monica joined him, silently wiping own their friends body as well as they could as Sylvia put her head down and tried to ignore the students calling out to her.
The bell rang and Sylvia was still dirty. Most of the more obvious stains were wiped clean, but there was still a sticky slickness all down the front of her chest. She could feel her butt sticking to the chair as she stood up, wincing as it renewed the stinging from her spankings before.
She wanted to be one of the first out the door, terrified at what might happen if the cafeteria crowd got to the doors before she did. Sensing this, Lucas grabbed her arm and began to run.
"Come on!" He shouted, the mob close behind. "Let's walk to class together."
His 'walk' was more of a jog as the two rushed through the hallways - a dirty nude girl led by her clothed friend. The sight was a shock to the students who were just leaving their classrooms, most of whom froze when they saw the couple dash by. She felt a weird warmness in her wrist that spread up her arm and made her chest heave with each breath.
Lucas was usually so meek and timid, but he was showing much more initiative than ever before. He boldly led her through crowds that seemed to step forwards when they saw Sylvia's body, then step back when they saw Lucas' gaze.
He let go of her outside their next class, Health. It took Sylvia a bit to catch her breath, but when she did her first words were "Thank you."
Earlier that day, when she was more determined, she would have scoffed at the thought of being led through the halls in that way; Today was something that she needed to do herself. But maybe relying on friends for support didn't take anything away from her efforts.
The two sat in the corner of the classroom where they usually sat, Lucas giving a dirty look to the other students, who took their assigned seats without harassing Sylvia at all. Some people turned up their noses when they sat nearer to her, causing the naked girl to sniff at herself a bit. She smelled like a cafeteria trash can. She felt like one, too. But what's one more class?
Mr. Norris came in later, shuffling a few papers with a bored expression before he took his seat at the front of the classroom. He was, at first, oblivious to the naked girl in his class - Sylvia had always suspected that he would continue the lesson as normal if a student were to spontaneously combust in the middle of it, his attention to detail was that bad.
But as it turns out, she'd overestimated his flaws.
"Miss... er..." He started, shuffling through a few papers before finding the seating chart. "Sylvia!"
"Y-yes?" Sylvia looked up at him.
"Why do you think you can show up to my class like that?" He didn't seem pleased. Of course, he never did.
"To my knowledge, this is not a violation of the school's dress code." This bluff had worked earlier today, perhaps it would work a second time.
"I don't mean that." He scoffed. "Although I certainly take an issue with your lack of taste in outfit. I mean that you're covered in filth."
"Oh, uh..." Sylvia looked down at her body. In spite of her friends' best efforts, she was still noticeably gleaming from sticky food. "I spilled during lunch."
"Whatever." He said dismissively. "Go to the restroom down the hall and clean yourself off. You have three minutes or I'll count you absent."
"Yes, sir." Sylvia said. She grabbed her bag and prepared to leave the class, flashing her classmates once more as there was a bit of mumbling at her body being on a fuller display.
"Excuse me, sir?" Lucas raised his hand. "Is it alright if I... If I go to my locker? I forgot my textbook."
"You think I'm dumb?" Mr. Norris shook his head. "I know what you're trying to ask. Sylvia can clean herself off just fine, Mr... Lucas."
Sylvia and Lucas made eye contact one last time as she left the room, the two ignoring the students craning their necks to watch her leave. She heard Mr. Norris yell to get their attention as she was closing the door, vaguely making out a statement about paying attention.
She made her way down the empty hallway and to the bathrooms on the far end. This part of the school was always pretty empty, even during the more active hours. She felt the most privacy she'd gotten since she showed up this morning. But as she approached the bathroom door, she found that it wouldn't open.
-CLOSED BY FACULTY-
a sign on the front read.
Only the women's restroom was closed, the men's room seemed to be unmarked. But Sylvia didn't dare to try it. She already knew how people were willing to treat her with an audience. Walking naked into the men's bathroom was asking for too much trouble than she thought she could get away with. But without the restrooms, where else was there to go? The gym and its locker rooms were on the far side of the school; She'd have to interrupt the boy's basketball practice to get in there and there was no guarantee the door would even be unlocked. The only other choice would be to go to the restrooms on the far side of school and that would take a suspicious amount of time. But she had little other choice.
She turned around and went back to class, hoping to explain to the teacher her predicament and not to count her absent for the day. She slowly opened the door to a darkened classroom, Mr. Norris was simply playing a PSA about personal hygiene while the bored students sat in silence.
"Mr. Norris!" She tried to whisper. No response.
Sylvia ducked down, clutching her boobs to her chest as they hung below her lewdly, and she dashed underneath the line of the projector - mooning the students in the front row as she passed.
"Excuse me, teacher." She whisper once she got closer. "The bathrooms were closed, can I go down the-"
He paused the movie and stood up from his chair before Sylvia could finish the sentence. Norris flicked on a light switch on the far side of the room and the class blinked as they adjusted to the light. All eyes were drawn to Sylvia's body.
"Okay class," He began, clapping his hands together. "Since Sylvia can't seem to follow simple instructions and everybody wants to look at her instead of the lesson - I thought we might take an impromptu field trip!"
The room was filled with muttering as the teacher opened the door, beckoning Sylvia out into the hallways as the others began to follow her. They went through the corridors in hushed excitement, all but the nudist among them - Sylvia was slightly hunched forward in anxiety until Lucas made it to the front of the pack and put a reassuring hand on her sticky shoulder.
Their trip ended in a small courtyard outside where a few students with off-periods were sitting around and studying as they either waited on buses or for their friends to leave. As Sylvia was near the side of the pack, some barely looked up from the group of students entering, but others realized the rumored nudist of the day was there and they shut books and stopped conversations to get a better view.
"Lucas!" The teacher called the boy out.
"Yes?" He looked away from his naked friend at his name.
"Since you seem to be so... 'helpful' to your friend, why don't you help her by going to the nurse's office and asking for a clean-up kit." He pointed towards a door on the far side of the courtyard in the direction of the front of the school.
Lucas hesitated a bit at first, but decided against defying the teacher in case it got Sylvia in more trouble than she was already in.
The naked girl shuddered as her only ally in the class left her alone with the other students, as well as several now-interested onlookers who joined the group. Mr. Norris approached a small closet on the outside of the school and turned a key from his belt in the lock. It creaked slowly with the noise of heavy steel as he propped it open with one foot, then dragged a length of hose from the inside. He gave the nozzle at the end a few test-squeezes and a white jet of water sputtered out and onto the pavement nearby.
"Sylvia, please remove your shoes and stand against the far wall." He demanded. "Today, we'll be learning a lesson in personal hygiene."
"I- I can do it myse-" Sylvia was cut off as a torrent of water flushed forward, nearly knocking her to the ground with the force.
"I won't ask again." He said, releasing the nozzle. "Anywhere along the wall is fine, but make sure the other students can all see you. Even the gawkers from outside my class."
She unlaced her tennis shoes and placed them off to the side, glancing up at a few students standing there with an uneasiness about whether the garments would be safe with their lecherous looks. She decided than she wasn't in a position to be picky and tucked her socks inside the shoes as well before plodding barefoot to the wall.
The whole class eyed her carefully as she stood there, covered in sticky waste from lunch and naked as she began to shiver from the cold that seeped into her skin as the water evaporated off her body. She covered her chest with both hands, partially for warmth and partially for decency. Not that it did much good. Some people stood with their hands over their mouths in incredulity - others pulled out their phones.
"Now class, it's vital that you shower regularly." He said, getting a few students' attention. Suddenly he didn't seem to mind that nobody was watching him. "Otherwise, you'll end up like Sylvia here - disgusting and filthy. That's not at all an acceptable way to conduct yourself in public and people will think less of you for showing up to places covered in... whatever she's got on her body."
"She started a food fight during lunch."
"She looks like a trash can!"
"No dude, record vertically."
She could hear a few students muttering about this comment. Some of the faces from her humiliation at lunch were recognizable - others had no doubt heard about the events. But there was one comment that was being spoken more than any of the others.
"Spray her again!"
The teacher obliged.
Water sprayed out of the hose and indiscriminately at Sylvia's body. She tried to block the spray from hitting her, but the hands on the hose were too unsteady - whether intentionally or not - and she struggled to keep it all away. After what felt like several minutes of gasping for air (though it was likely only a few seconds), the spray finally subsided and the sopping wet nudist was able to gather her bearings.
"Now turn around." He gestured with the hose.
Sylvia scraped some of the water out of her eyes to survey the scene. People were pointing at her wet bush, a tendril of water dripping down her body and off the tuft of hair as it sprayed forwards in a small stream. Her nipples stuck out like the tips of a water balloon as they hardened in the cold. She turned her body, partially so she wouldn't have to look at the reactions of her peers any longer.
The water started up again. This time, coming from behind, she didn't have the chance to react and the spray pushed her forwards, down to her knees as her reddened ass stuck up into the air to a wave of excited reactions from the other students. She shakily got to her feet by using the wall for balance and braced her palms against the concrete, ready to be soaked again.
This time, less of the water got into her face. Still, she shut her eyes to deal with the jet as it splashed coldly onto her back. The jet slowly worked its way down her body, from her shoulders to the small of her back. As much as she tightened her buttocks for impact, she still wasn't prepared for her raw skin to face the cold force of the water and Sylvia let out an involuntary high-pitched yelp.
"She's loving it!"
"What the hell was that noise?"
"The hell happened to her ass?"
"Of course," Mr. Norris shouted over the jeers of the class. "It's not enough to merely wash your front and back. To really get clean, one has to ensure they've cleaned spots that water doesn't often reach.
"Ah, Lucas. You're back."
Lucas was panting heavily, a bucket in his hands with a few plastic instruments inside of it. It was clear he rushed to the nurse's office and back so as not to leave Sylvia alone for too long but from the reaction he had when he saw the shivering naked girl in the middle of the semi-circle, it was clear he regretted not going any faster.
"Now, Sylvia." Mr. Norris looked at her. "Please lift up your armpits and turn around slowly."
She did as she was bade - holding her arms above her head as her breasts sagged down in total exposure to the whole class. There was a mumbling from the crowd and various comments about the shape and size that she couldn't hear over her wet hair clinging to her head. Sylvia braced for impact as the water splashed against her bare chest, tantalizing her nipples as she was powerless to abate the flow.
She spun in a slow circle, every student getting a good look at her body from every angle they could.
After she'd returned to face the teacher looked down at the hose as though he were finally done. He glanced to Lucas, still holding the bucket and muttered something the naked girl couldn't make out. It was only around that time she realized it was probably safe to put her arms down, something she did by covering her erect nipples to keep them a little bit warm.
Lucas began to pour some soapy fluid into the bucket with a nervous look on his face as Norris turned to the other students.
"Now, who wants to volunteer to scrub Sylvia's body?" For once, he actually had the whole class' attention.
The shouts and volunteering drowned one another out as people popped into the air hoping to stand out among the others. Seeing the enthusiasm so many had had about fondling her naked body caused her to shutter - wondering how rough they'd be if they were given explicit permission to do so. She let out a weak smile as she saw Lucas at the front of the pack, silently holding a single hand up for all the good it did him.
"Glad to see so much enthusiasm from the class for once!" He smiled. "Maybe I should just let everyone have a turn. I think we've got the class time."
Sylvia's heart sank as her eyes went wide. It was bad enough to have to humiliate herself like this in front of so many of her peers, but for them to join in as well made the prospect too much. She felt her knees buckling together and it took all her focus to stay upright.
"Oh, but before we get her all soaped up," The teacher paused. "We've gotta wash her nether regions.
"Could you please turn around and place your palms on the floor, Sylvia? And try to lock your knees, we don't want anything to be obscured."
Sylvia fell to the floor. She tried to let out a complaint, but the words caught in her throat. She knew that any humiliation she had to put up with today was something spared another individual, but she had no idea just how much of this she could take any more. Something deep down was about to reach its breaking point.
"What's the meanin' of all this?" An authoritative voice rang out over the crowd, which almost instantly fell silent.
The school's resource officer stepped into the middle of the crowd that had gathered, students parting to let him by. He glanced down with disdain at the naked girl kneeling on the floor, shivering and wet as she looked up with the look of an injured pet.
"I'd heard there was some kind a' disturbance going on today." He started. "Somethin' 'bout a naked student."
"Believe me officer, I was as shocked as you are." Mr. Norris started, hiding the hose behind his back with one hand. "But I took it upon myself to incorporate the distraction into the lesson."
The officer shook his head.
"I'm sure that's some kinda infraction, but I've had a busy day as is." He gestured towards the crowd. "All ya'll get outta here and go back to... whatever it is you were doin'. And put them damn phones away!"
The crowd began to disperse as students packed up and returned to where they were before. Mr. Norris did his best to corral his students back to the classroom. This just left the naked Sylvia on the floor as the officer approached with a towel in his hands.
"I was supposed to make you cover up with this." He said, tossing the towel forwards. "But I s'pose you can dry off with it, too."
Sylvia was led by the officer around the side of the school, the girl drying herself with the towel as she walked in spite of how awkward it was to do so. There was the occasional snicker as she walked past, but when students saw the SRO, they quickly kept whatever comment they seemed eager to make to themselves and whatever friends they had nearby.
Once dry, Sylvia realized she was still barefoot. Though when she brought this up, the officer held out her shoes - she hadn't noticed him picking them up. A closer look revealed that he'd had her bag in his other hand, clutched outward as if to make sure people knew it wasn't 'his' purse.
They took a shortcut into the offices which Sylvia recognized as the door she'd run out of the first day she'd come through the area in a towel. She was holding a towel in her hands once again, which she debated wrapping around her naked body for cover. But a certain boldness took hold of her once again and she refused to use the garment, folding the cloth up neatly and carrying it in front of her.
They rounded a corner to the carpeted hall that contained his office. He gestured her inside where there were three chairs sitting in a row in front of his desk, one of which was occupied by a familiar face. It was Ivy. Sylvia thought to say something, but suddenly realized that they weren't acquainted yet. All their bonding had happened on days that didn't.
Ever the stoic, Ivy didn't react to a naked girl placing a damp towel on the chair and then sitting down next to her. She merely gave a wordless glance up and down the naked girl's body. The officer then grabbed his phone off the table and started to dial a few numbers as he left the office.
Maybe it was time to make an acquaintance.
"Hey!" Sylvia said, clearing her throat to get the confidence back into it. "My name's Sylvia."
"...Ivy." The other girl replied. She stared with incredulity at the bare breasts of the girl beside her, the nipples still slightly erect from the cold walk over.
Ivy's gaze went up to Sylvia's face, then back down, then back up again.
"So," Sylvia started "What're you in for?"
Ivy chuckled. "Y'know it's typically considered bad form to ask that without explaining yourself first."
"Well, I thought it was pretty obvious." Sylvia gestured to her naked body. "Apparently, this violates the dress code."
"Go figure." Ivy stated flatly. "I'm here for smoking. SRO caught me in the bathroom."
"The one at the end of the south-western hallway?" A memory came back to her. It was starting to click as to why the room's door was sealed.
"Yeah, how'd you know?" Ivy seemed somewhat impressed.
"Hmmm. Just intuition." Sylvia shrugged.
It was nice to chat casually with an old friend like this, even if that friend didn't know the real relationship between the two of you. They began chatting about Ivy's usual run-ins with the law and how she was always able to get away with it - mostly due to Sylvia knowing the exact right connections to coax out of Ivy. Every so often, the goth girl would look out the door expectantly, then her gaze would look up at the wall nearby.
The girl in the black clothes finally shook her head and changed tone a bit.
"Alright, fine." Ivy flipped up her hands in confusion. "Why are you naked?"
"It's a long story." Sylvia waved a hand dismissively. "And you probably wouldn't believe it anyway."
"Try me."
She sighed and began to explain waking up three days ago, how the events of today kept repeating themselves and how their relationship had changed over the time period. Ivy started out chuckling at the story in disbelief, but that dismissal changed to confusion, then later to a hesitant acceptance as more and more personal details slipped out casually.
When Sylvia caught up to the present, Ivy had a pensive look on her face.
"That's... interesting." Ivy spoke into her hands.
She wasn't able to follow up on the thought when the officer's door opened. The man stepped inside and made a strange face when he saw that his two arrestees were happily chatting - no doubt assuming some sort of conspiracy was brewing.
When the officer sat down across from her, he took a glance at the girl's breasts and sighed. It was clear the sight was pleasing to him, but he knew he had to remain professional in the setting, even if the person sitting across from him didn't seem to share that sentiment.
"Listen," He began. "I've been on the phone trying to get a hold of your mother, but she doesn't seem to be answering. And I cannot for the life of me figure out what's going on at the moment.
"Please, work with me here." The officer's eyes sank down to Sylvia's body. "Why are you naked?"
"Dunno." Sylvia had been asked the question before. She gave an honest answer. "Just because, I guess."
"Is it blackmail?" He suggested. "Some of the other kids put you up to it?"
He looked at Ivy accusingly.
"Nothing like that." Sylvia crossed her legs. Her butt was starting to recover by now, but sitting flat on the chair in his office still wore her out a bit. "I'm naked of my own volition."
"Sylvia..." The officer sighed. "Just give me some kinda excuse, put on some clothes, and I can send you on your way. I'll even letcha go through the lost 'n' found if you need.
"Otherwise, ya understand, I'm gonna have to charge you with public indecency. Since you're an adult, you'll be facin' real charges.
"As for you, young lady." He turned to face Ivy. "How many times have I caught ya smokin' this year alone?"
"Oh..." Sylvia paused, her racing thoughts drowning out the lecture that Ivy was receiving.
Today had by no means been fun, but that was sort of the point. And here, she was offered an escape route; A way to call it a day and try to go back. An early reset of today's timeloop.
But she realized that it wouldn't be so easy. There were already pictures of her circulating around the school - everybody who hadn't directly seen her was sure to know about her stunt by now. The images might even have spread to other campuses by now.
And while they'd all disappear at midnight tonight, there were some things she could not abide by - even if only for a few hours. She recalled getting groped off-stage at her first prom concert. Then how it had happened to Monica later. And Ivy's humiliation on the third day.
She couldn't take the easy way out. She would have to cooperate. She had done nothing else so far.
She imagined herself wearing nothing but a pair of handcuffs as she was led out the front doors of the school, forced into the back of a squad car and led to the local jail. She didn't know where the jail was - nor what kind of other people she'd be in with. Her imagination took over and surrounded her with gruff criminal-types. A bunch of overbearing men sitting in a small jail cell that she was pushed naked and bound into as the leered at her body and prepared to have their way with her.
But she never had the chance to turn herself in.
There was a loud screeching noise. The fire alarm was ringing.
"Darn it all!" He yelled. "Nearly gave me heart attack!"
Ivy started to laugh at the sight of the tough officer nearly falling out of his chair. She hand't been surprised by the alarm, as if she was expecting it.
The officer looked towards the door, then back at the two girls sitting in his office, then back at the door.
"It's probably a false alarm." He said. "'S what my intuition says.
"Still..." He eyed Sylvia. "Can't have ya runnin' off, now."
He stepped towards Sylvia, bearing down on her while wielding the cuffs in his other hand. His hands were rough as they grabbed her left wrist, holding it up as he locked one end of the cuffs to thin, pale arm.
Ivy tried to pull away when he reached for her, but a mad glance he gave her made the girl hesitate. She willingly held up her right arm and allowed the other cuff to click in place around her wrist.
Next, he grabbed a second pair of cuffs from a drawer nearby and twirled it around a finger. The alarm was still ringing as he grabbed Ivy's other wrist and pushed it towards a ring on the wall. She realized too late what his intentions were and she was soon shackled in place. One arm to the wall - the other to a naked girl she'd only just met.
"You two stay right there." He pointed at their seats. "I'm gonna check this out."
The officer hastily walked out the door.
"Damn it!" Ivy yelled, mostly drowned out by the noise of the alarm. "I didn't think he'd cuff me!"
Ivy stood up quickly, tugging Sylvia out of her chair as she did so. The naked girl struggled to maintain her footing as the goth frantically looked around the room, then up towards a shelf in the corner.
"Sylvia!" She shouted. "Do you see that bag up there?" Ivy tried to point, but it was difficult to do so.
"That black one on the top shelf?" She asked. "What about- oh!"
Sylvia recognized the bag, it was Ivy's. Before it had kept a variety of tools inside, tools that she had gotten in trouble for possessing at school.
Ivy tried to reach for it, but Sylvia's body weight stopped her from reaching it on the high shelf. She then looked at Sylvia, her eyes going down to her feet, then back up.
"Do you think you can reach it?" She gestured with her head.
Sylvia approached the shelf, standing awkwardly close to the other girl as she extended her free arm upwards and began jumping. She felt her breasts bouncing with each leap, but struggled to get enough height to do any more than barely touch the top of the shelf itself.
The pounding ringing noise of the alarm was driving her mad.
Ivy yelled something, but Sylvia couldn't make out the words. Effortlessly, she tugged on the restraints and pulled the naked girl close to her, their bodies pressed against each other as Sylvia felt the girls' black lips near to her face and hot breath on her cheek.
"I can get you off!"
'Wh-what?" Sylvia's heart pounded in her chest as this dominant girl held her close.
"I said, I can boost you up!" Ivy spoke slowly.
"Oh. Yeah." Sylvia nodded. "Of course."
Ivy crouched down as low as she could with her wrists still bound to the wall. At first, Sylvia wasn't sure what to do until she realized she was meant to climb up. She grabbed Ivy's right hand and let the fingers interlock as she raised herself onto the other girl's back.
Shakily, Ivy was able to straighten herself out, lifting the duo upright. Sylvia tried her hardest not to think about what part of her body was pressed against the back of Ivy's neck. She failed.
"Hello?" Ivy shouted. "The bag?"
"Right!" Sylvia snapped out of her daydream, her legs wrapping around Ivy's chest as she braced herself to grab the bag.
She had to reach a few times and lift off with her knees, but she was finally able to retrieve it. As she pulled back the prize, she noticed she went too far back.
The floor rushed up to greet her, but she stopped just short - her fall cushioned by the girl whose shoulders she was just straddling. The first thing she noticed as she got her bearings was that the bag had safely been retrieved from the fall, but when she looked for Ivy, she only saw two legs sticking out from underneath her.
"Hmmmph!" Ivy muttered. Her breath was warm against the inside of Sylvia's thighs.
The two girls sat upright, flustered, hair everywhere. Ivy shook some hair out of her face and gestured towards the bag.
"Sorry..." Sylvia stuttered.
"The bag!" Ivy was preoccupied.
She wordlessly slid the bag over to the other girl, who pulled Sylvia's hand down to give her the space to dig through it. She was able to produce a small metal stick which she held up and inspected briefly. Sylvia was pulled close to Ivy again, the naked girl practically sitting in the goth's lap as she worked away on the cuffs connecting her to the wall, her arms wrapped around Sylvia's slim shoulders.
The device came loose and she pulled her left hand away, flexing it a bit to ease out the stiffness.
"Okay, the next one, now." Ivy said. "And uh, you can get off my lap if you want."
Sylvia blushed as she scampered forward, giving them a bit of space. Her gaze stayed on Ivy's face as Ivy seemed preoccupied with undoing the cuffs that connected them. But she stopped just short of finishing as she looked up.
"Shoot!" Ivy whispered. "He's back!"
There was a rough tugging sensation at her wrist as Sylvia was yanked to her feet, getting dragged to the opposite side of the room. Ivy looked around with a serious expression, holding Sylvia close enough to her that her breasts pressed against the other girl's shirt so hard it almost felt as though she were wearing clothes again.
The door opened. The officer cursed. The door closed.
They could hear yelling from the far side of the hallway; And though not many words could be made out over the alarm, Sylvia could still tell it was getting further away.
She was pulled away, the warmth of Ivy's body lingering on hers, and the two were out the door.
Ivy led the way, the naked Sylvia bouncing behind her. She tried clutching her chest with her free hand to stop the bouncing, but it was too difficult to run this way. Ivy would pull ahead, then she would feel her wrist cuff yanked forward as she was forced to slow down to allow her naked cuff-mate to catch up. She slid a fire escape door open and peered outside, looking to see if the coast was clear.
"Damn." Ivy muttered. "I don't know how we can get to my car from here. The mob is blocking the parking lot."
"There's a shed." Sylvia suggested. "In the eastern-most courtyard. The door combination is 0000."
Ivy nodded, looked out the door, and then the two ran for it. Students were leaving the school in a mob, all headed towards the front lot and not bothering to look at the two girls running through a courtyard behind them. If anybody got curious and looked around, they probably saw Sylvia's butt bounding forwards as she struggled to keep up, but at this distance the nakedness didn't bother her. Her thoughts were still of Ivy.
They made it to the Raven's practice room and Ivy entered the code on the combination lock.
Once inside, Sylvia felt like she could finally catch her breath. There were no alarms out here and the shed's wall blocked most, but not all, of the noise. They would be able to lay low here to wait out the alarm, returning when the coast was clearer.
But until that happened, it was just Ivy and Sylvia alone in the room. And Sylvia was naked. And they were both breathing heavily.
"Oh, the cuffs." Ivy said after a long silence.
She slid her device into the other cuffs and they were quickly dispatched, tossed aside as Sylvia rubbed her wrists.
There was a long silence. Both girls were breathing so heavily as the room grew hotter and hotter.
"So..." Sylvia said. "The alarm is still ringing."
"Oh yeah." Ivy said, scooching closer. "I did that."
"Did what?" Sylvia realized how close the other girl was sitting and she leaned even closer, puffing out her chest a little bit.
"Started the fire." Ivy smiled. She wasn't looking at Sylvia's chest, but her lips.
"Set one of the trashcans on fire in the hall, right by the smoke detector. I needed an escape plan."
"That's..." Sylvia swallowed. "Smart..."
She braced for the kiss.
The alarm continued to ring as the officer inside the school struggled to find the source of the smoke, eventually finding a smoldering trashcan in one of the side hallways that had mostly put itself out by the time he got there. The other students were dismissed back to their classrooms to finish off the rest of the day and get their things ready for the end of school.
...
Two hours passed before they thought to leave the practice room. They had no trouble killing that much time.
Ivy glanced at the tiny window near the ceiling, realizing the sun had started to set, the sight of pink clouds floating by. She sat upright and began to search for her clothes, briefly wondering whose were whose before remembering what Sylvia was wearing when she entered the room.
She shook the naked girl awake. Giving her a quick peck on the cheek as she sat upright, stretching.
"Damn." Ivy moaned, pulling up her panties. "And to believe I only met you a few hours ago.
"I feel kinda slutty."
"Not me." Sylvia teased. "I've known you for much longer. You're the only slutty one."
"Pfft." Ivy lit a cigarette. "You've got no right to say that with what your mouth was doing."
Ivy buttoned her pants and stretched a bit before holding out her hand. Sylvia linked her arm to the other girl's and walked naked out of the practice room.
People stared as a smoking goth girl walked brazenly through the school's parking lot with a naked girl wrapped around her arm in a lover's embrace. She scowled at a group of guys who whistled, wrapping her arm over Sylvia's bare shoulders as she led the girl to her van. Sylvia leaned her head into Ivy's collarbone and took in the smell of the girl's perfume.
Ivy led her new friend to her van, opening the door for her and watching closely as Sylvia' bare butt pressed against the seat - she instinctively winced upon taking her seat, but that expression changed to one of relief when Sylvia realized it no longer hurt to sit down. Ivy swung around to the driver's seat, pausing when she looked at Sylvia after hearing a click.
"You're wearing your seat belt?" She asked.
"Yeah?" Sylvia wasn't sure what the question meant.
"You walked around naked all day, but draw the line at a seat belt?"
"I mean, seat belts are for safety, right?"
"Oh, like you've had a super safe time at school so far." Ivy laughed as she shifted gears, accelerating out of the parking lot alongside her nude friend.
The drive home was uneventful, the two girls simply discussing various songs they liked, concerts they'd been to recently, and the future of their band. Tinted windows made Sylvia feel covered up for the first time in a long while. Part of her wanted to roll the windows down to keep exposing herself to passersby, but the noise of wind rushing past the vehicle would have drowned out their conversation. She asked Ivy if the other girl was willing to play bass in concert that evening and the conversation had gone similarly to before - arrangements made to practice in Monica's garage as soon as they could get there.
She caught her friends up on the plan over the phone. Monica had an enthusiastic response to the new band member as she would no longer be the 'new girl' in the group while Lucas merely gave a single letter: 'K'.
Monica was already setting up by the time they got to her house - unusual in that she was normally a procrastinator when it came to practice. Ivy parked along the street, leaving Sylvia to make the short trek up the driveway exposed - though she was far from caring about her nudity by now.
"You're still naked?" Monica asked as Sylvia entered through the unlocked front door.
"Did you think I was gonna stop?" Sylvia asked.
"Well, you know..." Monica looked around the room before grabbing her phone. "It's just that... well..."
"Well, what?" Sylvia walked closer to her friend, looking over her shoulder.
"Maybe you should see it yourself..." Monica held up her phone, the semi-cracked screen displaying a popular chatting application where Monica currently had a few tabs open for various study groups in the school.
She took the phone out of her friend's hands - scrolling around a bit. Every channel seemed to be the same; Videos and pictures from multiple angles, all of her different activities that day.
She saw herself in front of the school bus, frozen in place with a blank expression as she took in the reality of the crowds that had waited for her, Lucas' arm reaching out to grab her.
- She looks so stupid here lol
- was this after school? or before
- - It's before school, she doesn't have welts on her ass yet.
- that feeling when you realize you left something at home
There were multiple shots of her walking through the hallways, some from behind, some from the front. One video was uploaded that was simply a twelve second loop of her ass from a few feet away.
- is this what that noise was after first block?
- Why does she have band-aids on her nipples? Is she stupid?
- - wait i saw two bandages on the floor of the gym WERE THOSE HERS
- - - i would no joke pay you hundreds of dollars for those bandages
- THAT ASS VIDEO THANK YOU GOD BLESS YOU
She saw the videos from later, her arms tied to the bleachers as her ass was being struck by various students and their paddles. Scrolling by, she saw short clips of various slaps - students were arguing over who hit her the hardest and which ones she enjoyed the most.
- 8/10 for pain 7.7/10 for enjoyment
- I think I'll use this slap as a bass beat
- that's the girl from the band! no wonder she can scream
There were a few videos and images of her in the cafeteria, but these were largely of the backs of the heads of different crowds. A few shots were being shared more than the others where the food stains were the clearest and there was a popular image that had her edited onto a dinner plate.
- how did she not see this coming? idiot
- omg i would lick every piece of food off of her i am not even kidding
- - gross, ew
- - haha based
- Anybody who films videos of streakers in vertical mode ought to have their phone smashed.
And finally, the videos she was less eager to see. Multiple angles of her leaning against the wall as the hose was put to use against her body. She saw angles of her she'd never even seen herself - the crowd seemed so much bigger on the small screen.
- She came to our class before this. She smelled so bad!
- - describe it in detail please
- if she can take that much pressure to her ass, imagine what else she could take lmao
- Aren't we in a drought? How can they waste this much water on one girl?
- - i would have showered her in something else #fortheplanet
And then thread after thread of image dumps - Students were trying to piece together her entire day from the various videos and bits of evidence on lockers and the like. There were angles she hadn't realized existed and pictures of her in poses she couldn't remember making. And so many other photos were being shared of moments that she didn't even realize she was being recorded. Shots of her on the bus, chatting with Lucas - one of her playing basketball from an angle that had to have taken by a teammate. There were even pictures of her handcuffed to Ivy from the fire drill.
Seeing the amount of harassment she was receiving online, Sylvia did the only thing it made sense to do. She turned off the phone and handed it back to Monica, pretending she didn't care about it.
"If anything," Sylvia started "I have even less reason to get dressed now. "After all, what could I cover up that everybody hasn't already seen?"
"I'm surprised." Monica was shocked. "I just keep thinking about what might be going through my head if that were me and... And I just feel so, you know, not like - comfortable but a little bit..."
"Second-hand embarrassment?" Sylvia suggested.
"No, that's not it." Monica looked at her feet. "I feel like I should have done something to stop you.
"I mean, not like force you to stop or anything. But in the cafeteria when they were tossing stuff at you, I wanted to help or make them stop but I just... I just froze."
Sylvia said nothing. She recognized the feeling - the feeling of pain you felt when you saw something awful happening to a person you cared about. It was her entire motivation for spending the day naked in the first place.
"Maybe we should strip, too?" Ivy joked, no doubt to ease the tension. "You know, since we have to match and all."
Monica laughed a bit, which made Sylvia feel better as well. She feared her friend was about to cry.
"Yeah, that'll make our concert go over we- whoa!" Monica started to speak but stopped when she saw the sight of Ivy's breasts spilling out of her shirt as she lifted it over her head.
"Wait, you were serious?"
"You weren't?" Ivy suggested, fingering the waistband of the pants as she tried to shimmy out of the tight jeans.
"I just... well, don't think you can..." Monica stuttered for a bit, then put on her 'determined face' as she grabbed the top of her pants and pulled them off along with her panties in one swift motion, as though she were trying to race the other girl.
Sylvia chuckled to herself as she finished setting up her instrument, putting the strap over her bare shoulder and checking her tuning quietly.
"Ha!" Monica shouted. "I won! I got naked first!"
"We were racing?" Ivy questioned, stepping out of her panties and placing them gingerly on the rest of her clothed, neatly folded on the floor behind her. "Besides, you didn't even finish taking off your underwear."
Monica looked down, where her panties were still hanging around a single ankle, turned inside-out as the rest of clothes were strewn about the floor nearby in chaos. She kicked the article off and approached her drumset, muttering something about technicalities.
Sylvia and Ivy began talking shop a bit, discussing tuning and certain procedures for walking out on stage, setting up, where to walk to not trip over wires, and how they decided on setlists. They shared ideas for what to play - mostly sticking to their catalog of covers in consideration of Ivy being new to the band, though she also helped to walk her through some of their originals as well.
She'd nearly forgotten all of them were naked when the garage door opened.
She looked up to see Monica with one hand on the opener, then watched as she bounded down the stairs at the top and ran towards her set-up behind her drums. Ivy instinctively tried to cover herself up with her bass as Sylvia turned to see the light coming in through the rising door.
Lucas turned around, his arms full as though he were trying to hold all of his keyboard equipment in one trip - as all men seem intent to do. He set a few things down as he stepped inside the garage and started to speak - then froze at the sight of not one, but three naked girls all looking back at him.
"Oh, uh..." He stuttered a bit, then licked his lips and swallowed, brushing his hair aside.
"I've heard of dress rehearsals, but never an undressed rehearsal."
Sylvia relaxed her arms, and laughed, breasts bouncing slightly with each exhale. Ivy was awkwardly smiling before she gave a death glare to Monica.
"Why didn't you warn me ahead of time!" She sneered through clenched teeth.
"I uh, sort of forgot." Monica admitted.
Lucas set his keyboard in his usual spot near the side of the stage and freed his arms, immediately walking over to Ivy, who recoiled in suspense.
"Hello." He said stoically. "My name is Lucas. It's nice to meet you."
He stuck out a single arm and forced himself to look directly at Ivy's face, something that seemed to cause considerable physical strain.
"A... A pleasure." Ivy lowered her guitar, revealing a bare breast as she hesitantly shook his outstretched hand.
Lucas walked back to his usual spot, his eyes lingering on Sylvia as she turned around to try to explain.
"You being naked I kind of suspected." He began, flustered. "But two naked girls in the garage? I wasn't prepared for my first impression of her to be so... bared."
"Hey!" Monica was eavesdropping. "Don't forget me!"
"Don't forget - ah!" He jumped back, when he saw Monica, who was currently sitting cross-legged as she balanced on her stool. There was no secret about what exactly his eyes looked at first. "Why are you 'all' naked?"
"Well, it's three to one." Sylvia said. "Technically we ought to be asking why you're still dressed."
"Why I'm dre-" He stopped himself, glancing around the room and blushing a bit more. "I'm just gonna set up my keyboard."
As he began to put his equipment together, Sylvia started to strum a simple tune - just something random that had popped into her head. Ivy played along, figuring out a basic rhythm that seemed to fit well. When Monica heard the basic song forming, she started to tap a beat with her kick before ramping up to something a bit more intense. With his instrument ready, Lucas began shakily playing a few long chords - though his gaze always seemed to be down at the instrument or the opposite wall instead of the girls.
They warmed up in this way for a while before Sylvia cooled the song down, picking out a song from their setlist and shouting the name. The others quickly adapted their music to the new tone and soon they'd transitioned flawlessly into their set.
Music rang out through the garage speakers, Sylvia approaching the mic and singing her heart out as the others caught her enthusiasm. And before any of them had realized, a small crowd was beginning to form outside the garage. A few onlookers weren't unusual for their practice sessions as people wandered by to see the source of the noise, but more and more of them were sticking around this time.
She was ecstatic that their music was attracting so large a crowd before quickly determining that it was probably the view that drew them in rather than their songs.
But that was only a theory - one soonafter disproved when they played their last chord and the crowd began erupting into cheers. All four of them were breathing heavily, small beads of sweat were forming along Sylvia's forehead as she saw Ivy finally warming up to the idea of playing in the nude. Monica was kicking excitedly as she looked on for the next song to play.
They went from piece to piece, putting on a free concert for the onlookers as none of them even cared about their nudity any longer. Even Lucas seemed a bit more comfortable looking at the others before any big key change to make sure they were all on the same page.
They finished the concert with their most popular song - an original that many of the residents on the street had likely heard a dozen times. A few people were recording, but there was this thought in her head that perhaps they actually were enjoying the music for its own sake instead of the nakedness of the performers.
Sylvia gave a signal and Monica snuck out of her seat and over to the back of the garage. She flipped the switch as their last note rang out, giving a sort of 'curtain' to their performance.
The crowd dissipated as the garage door shut, all four of the performers sweaty and satisfied.
"Oh man!" Monica shouted. "I'm playing naked at every practice from now on! It's so easy to move your legs this way."
"I don't think that's wise." Lucas looked over his shoulder, then glanced to avoid staring only to wind up looking directly at Ivy's breasts anyway. "Er, sorry."
"No need to apologize." Ivy smiled. "Not like everybody else didn't just see them."
"Hey, Monica." Sylvia set her guitar aside. "You got something cold to drink? I'm covered in sweat here."
Monica gave a salute before retreating to the kitchen as the others broke down their instruments to be ready for transport to the prom. As she was kneeling down on the ground to close her guitar case, Sylvia glanced up and saw her naked reflection in the face of Monica's bass drum. As distorted and bulging as it was, she could still see some of her in it. Not just her body, but a renewed look on her face that was smiling back at her.
"Hey, you guys wanna stick around after practice?" She turned to Ivy to ask, but the question was directed at Lucas as well. "We've got plenty of time before prom."
"You'd have me?" Ivy asked. "Thanks."
"I gotta finish packing up over here." Lucas waved a hand.
The two girls set their guitars against the wall, one case sliding down slightly as it leaned again the other for support. Monica was pulling things from the fridge when they entered the kitchen, a dozen bottles dripping in condensation on the counter as she started to arrange a few miscellaneous snack foods on the counter.
Sylvia downed a bottle of sports drink in one swig; She hadn't realized just how much of a thirst she'd built up. Ivy took smaller sips of an iced coffee while Monica opened a can of soda with a hiss. Bits of water sprayed the floor.
"As mean as this sounds, I have to say I'm a bit relieved." Ivy said. "I was worried you three might suck, and I volunteered to suck alongside you all."
"Well, you're welcome for not sucking." Sylvia shook her head.
"I'm too hyped, now." Monica set her can down. "I can't wait any more! The hours before a concert always give me jittery feelings."
"I don't know if I'm nervous or just hot." Ivy admitted. She took her canned drink and placed it between her breasts, sighing as the coolness came over her.
"I gotta try that." Sylvia saw Ivy's cooling technique and grabbed a fresh bottle, sliding it down the front of her chest and holding it in place by pushing her arms together.
"Ooh, smart." Monica said, placing her can against her own, much smaller chest. Realizing she couldn't envelope the can completely, her expression turned a bit more neutral.
"Hey can we, uh, do something else. I'm feeling irrelevant, here."
"It's too hot to do anything outside." Sylvia complained. "Maybe just put on a movie or something."
"I'm down." Ivy added.
"Make that one more." A voice came from the garage as Lucas came in, his sweaty shirt slung over a shoulder as he wiped a bit of moisture from his brow.
"Oh! Oh." Sylvia was taken a bit aback at Lucas being shirtless, but saw he still had pants on. For a minute she'd suspected that he might have been bit by the same bug as the rest, but it was more likely he was just hot.
"Are- Are you still naked?" He asked. "I thought that was just a practice thing."
His gaze was more brazenly on the chests of Ivy and Sylvia - he'd realized that they weren't going to get upset if he stared at some point and stopped being as self-conscious. Though the redness in his face was probably not entirely due to the heat as his eyes looked from breast to breast to breast to breast to... Monica's chest.
Realizing where Lucas was looking (and where he was not) the naked Monica left the room, turning on the television as she started browsing through a few movies.
"Anybody got a complaint if I put on something childish?" She asked. "I don't wanna have thoughts for a while, so an animated movie would do some good."
None of the others seemed to care, so they made their way over to the other room. Ivy led the way, carrying her drink and a few packaged candies as Sylvia followed behind her with a bowl of fruit. She had skipped lunch and was in the mood for more than just a snack. Lucas followed afterwards, just carrying a bottle of water that he barely paid attention to in the pursuit of the bare butts in front of him.
Ivy slumped down on her couch, her arms out as she threw back her head and let out a sigh. Sylvia helped Monica to pick out a fun movie while Lucas sat on the far side of the couch, his left leg pressed against the armrest.
The movie started and Sylvia looked at the two - Ivy, naked, her arms spread out and her legs slightly apart. And Lucas, who didn't seem to know where to look as Monica's butt was blocking the screen.
She sat beside Lucas, giving Ivy a bit of space and because she had started to enjoy teasing him a bit. He was just at the point where he was uncomfortable enough to be fun, but not so awkward as to make her feel bad for any of it.
Sylvia pressed her bare leg against his as watched him bite his lips to keep calm.
"You're sitting by him?" Ivy complained. "I thought we were special friends."
Sylvia was a bit apprehensive about her choice of words. She'd forgotten about the time the two had spent inside the practice room before and suddenly felt embarrassed about her actions. None of the others seemed to react.
Ivy slid over, pressing her bare thigh against Sylvia's and putting an arm over the girl's shoulder as Lucas looked on and saw four breasts dangling down to his right. Sylvia giggled a bit and leaned back, putting her arms over both of them as she reveled in their bareness before the room.
Monica, having finally figured out the volume controls, turned around to the three others.
"Hey, no fair!" She said. "I was gonna sit next to Sylvia."
"Too slow, I guess." Ivy grinned.
"That's what you think!"
She ran over to the couch, her small breasts not even bouncing as she bounded across the living room before she threw herself forwards, sitting down on Sylvia's lap before she could react. Her bare butt pressed against the front of Sylvia's thighs as she felt the naked girl lean back and rest her back against the bare chest beneath her.
"I appreciate the enthusiasm, Monica," Sylvia started. "But you're kind of blocking my view."
"Is this any better?" Monica asked, leaning a bit towards Ivy.
A bit too hard, as she fell over, her face on the couch as her legs spread apart, completely exposing her pussy to Lucas' face - which was turning redder by the second.
"M- Monica, please!" He said. "That would be profane even if you had clothes on!"
"How's about now?" Monica got to a more comfortable reclined position, laying across the three laps with her head on a pillow beside Ivy, her butt pressed against Sylvia's crotch, and her feet over Lucas' lap.
"That's fine." Sylvia said.
"Yeerf feet rre pshed intn mm fache." Lucas mumbled.
"Huh?" Monica asked, looking down at the guy.
He grabbed her legs, holding them down against his lap.
"Your feet were pushed into my face!" He gasped for air. "Do you ever wash them?"
"You don't have to wash your feet." She said. "The soap runs down onto them in the shower."
Lucas stuck out his tongue as the others laughed at him.
They continued watching the movie for a while, occasionally moving around a bit as they became more comfortable with each others' bodies before eventually the movie came to an end.
"Ah, I haven't seen that one since I was like five." Ivy smiled, stretching her arms a bit.
"It looked as good as I remember it." Monica rolled off the couch and thumped onto the floor. "Even if I watched it all sideways."
"OOoohh..." Sylvia winced. "My legs fell asleep during that. "You crushed them with your big butt, Monica!"
"Bleh!" She stuck out her tongue, then turned around and began to shake her butt in Sylvia's face a bit before she playfully shoved it away.
"Hey, it's kinda late." Ivy was looking at her phone. "I'm gonna get my stuff together and drive home, anyone need a ride?"
"I'm good." Sylvia waved. "I was planning on getting a ride to prom with Monica in the first place. And thankfully, I won't have to stop by my house to get dressed, first."
"You're going to prom naked, too?" Monica was surprised.
"All day." Sylvia said.
"Lucas, you drove here yourself, ri- huh?" Ivy stopped mid sentence.
The three girls all looked to the face of the shirtless boy on the edge of the couch, covering his mouth with one hand as his eyes stayed fixated on the screen. There were tears in those eyes.
"Are you okay?" Sylvia asked.
"Uh-huh." Lucas nodded. "I'm sorry, just... That movie's ending always gets me. The way it cuts back to the tree where that old lady was buried is so..."
He wiped his tears and stood up, jolting back in shock when he looked down and saw his bare chest before remembering why it was bare in the first place.
Ivy walked naked out of the garage door, cursing when the cool evening air caressed her skin as it took her off-guard. Lucas shivered a bit before pulling his shirt back on as Ivy got dressed before she packed up the rest of her things.
It was just Monica and Sylvia left.
"Hey, so, remember what I said before about how I felt when I saw you walking around naked?" Monica asked once they were alone.
"It's alright." Sylvia smiled. "You don't have to worry about me, and I'm not gonna think anything bad about you for not doing anything either. In fact, if you had gotten hurt trying to help me, I think I would have quit then and there!"
"Yeah. That. Sure." Monica looked down at Sylvia's body. "Well, that wasn't really the only thing I was feeling at the time... The truth is... I kind of felt... hot."
"Hot?" Sylvia stepped back a bit. "You mean, like..."
Her voice trailed off, but Monica understood what she meant just the same and nodded. She clearly seemed to be embarrassed by the conversation and her fingers fidgeted against her stomach as her hands clutched one another.
"To tell you the truth, it wasn't just this morning." She admitted. "But all the time. I didn't really react to seeing you naked because I'm always used to hiding how I feel when I'm around you. I... I don't really now how to put it in words."
"Hey, Monica?" Sylvia said, stepping closer to hug her friend. "I know."
"You do?" Monica shuddered when Sylvia's bare body pressed against her, her breasts enveloping her head just a bit. "You mean... How?"
"There's actually a reason I'm naked today..." Sylvia started. "It started this morning - er - about three days ago this morning..."
She filed in all the details of the timeloop, all while holding Monica closely to her. As she went through the tale, Monica started to clutch back at her friend, leaning deeper and deeper into the embrace as Sylvia recounted the various things that had happened to both of them.
"So... I did help you?" Monica asked at the end. "And you even helped me, too?"
"That's right. When I needed somebody to save me, you were there every time I asked." Sylvia stroked her friend's hair a bit, brushing it to the side. "I know you would have done the same today if I didn't feel like I had to do this."
"It was all for me..." Monica said. "You did all of this today for me."
She had done it for Ivy, too. And for that girl she'd met after gym today, Ysabel. And even for Elizabeth, to an extent. But when Monica said those words, that Sylvia had done all of this humiliation to spare her friend, she realized that it was the most true in that case.
"There was one other thing I didn't mention." Sylvia said. "About that letter in your car. I found it earlier."
"The lett- Oh." Monica looked up, her gaze mere inches away from Sylvia's face. "So... this whole time you knew how I felt about you."
Sylvia nodded.
"I... I can't... You..." Monica's face started to waver. Beneath the energetic and friendly exterior, she knew that Monica had a softer, childish side to her that came out whenever she was in a particularly sad mood. This was one of those times.
Tears were beginning to form in the corners of her eyes as she gazed deeply into them. Sylvia didn't want her friend to cry. She kissed her.
It started out chaste - not intended as any more than a peck on the lips to comfort a friend who needed soothing. But Monica kissed back, a bit more aggressively. Her embrace of Sylvia's shoulders became stronger and she pulled her partner down towards her, a jerking motion that the girl didn't fight back against.
Their bodies squeezed together as Sylvia's hand went lower, wrapped around Monica's waist and tugging her tightly as she could feel a warmth down below resting on her thigh.
"Hey, Mo. You mind if I-" A figure entered the room. The girls paid no mind to Monica's brother as he entered, froze in place, and slowly walked backwards away, whispering "Sorry." as he exited.
...
Sylvia checked her phone. It was late and they couldn't lay on the couch together forever - even if she wanted to. She tugged on the shoulder of the naked girl cuddled up on the couch in front of her, snug in her role as the little spoon.
Monica sat up with a yawn, looked around, and then shrugged off the blanket the two were sharing.
"Ugh." She winced. "I need coffee."
Monica waddled over to the kitchen, trying to stretch the tension out of her legs and get them used to an upright position. Sylvia sat up, too - the blanket clutched to her chest out of muscle memory before recalling the events of the last day and realizing the pointlessness of the gesture.
They sipped their coffee for a short time before realizing that they ought to be more active in preparing for prom. Despite the fact that she didn't need to bother with putting on a dress, Sylvia still spent a long time preparing. When you're going to be the center of attention for a few hours, it helps to look as good as you can. Monica put considerably less effort into her preparations, she threw a dress over her body and found a pair of panties that passed the sniff-test before rubbing her fingers through her hair to get it generally straight.
After double-checking that their instruments were properly loaded into the back of Monica's car, they began the drive to prom. This time, too, she kept the windows up as the cool night air would have messed up the hair she'd just spent several minutes preparing.
The drive felt short, perhaps because there was still a bit of nervousness in her throat about attending prom in the nude. They parked near the back entrance, one of the advantages of being a performer for the night, and met up with Lucas as they all unloaded their things. After their pre-show marks were set, Lucas hesitantly approached Sylvia with a flower in his hands.
"I er..." He stuttered, his gaze on her shoulder. "I was going to uh, pin this on you."
"Oh!" Sylvia giggled. "Yeah, I guess there isn't anything to pin it to."
"Right. You see my quandary." He gulped.
"I have an idea." She turned around and grabbed her hair, motioning to a braid in the back.
"Oh, right." Lucas said. He began to attach the flower to Sylvia's hair-do, repurposing some of the decor around it into a make-shift ribbon that kept it in place. "Your back is healed; The bandage I put there this morning is gone!"
"My back?" Sylvia remembered the prick from this morning. "I had completely forgotten about that!"
As Lucas messed with her hair, she felt a strange calmness over her. Her back was completely exposed to the boy she'd spent most of her youth with, and yet she felt no anxiety about it. Even this morning, when he'd placed that bandage on her shoulder, there was a bit of nervousness in her mind about even a close friend seeing her in such a state of undress.
"Listen, about today..." Lucas started.
Sylvia turned around to face him, worried he might begin another lecture. But he didn't have the look in his eyes he had had before. Instead, there was a more passive kind of acceptance.
"For the record, I am completely against any of this. This... nudity thing." He started. "But you've decided it's the right thing to do, and I wouldn't be a very good friend if I tried to control you... Like I did today."
"It's fine." Sylvia smiled. "You helped me out back there.
"If you hadn't have been so supportive all day, I probably would have chickened out before I even got on the bus this morning."
"I guess this is all my fault, then." He chuckled.
"Yeah." Sylvia smiled. "I guess it is."
"Anyway, I've made up my mind." Lucas looked her in the eye with a determined expression. "If you're going to perform naked, then so am I. Just the concert, though."
"Lucas, you don't have to."
"I know." He grabbed her hands with his own. "But you've been like a sister to me my entire life - it would be wrong to turn away from you just because I think what you're doing is a bad idea."
"Oh, Lucas." Sylvia sighed. "Thanks."
"Then let's go dance." He let go of her hands.
The couple walked out from the backstage area, going through a side hallway that let out into the main ballroom of the prom. It was dark inside the huge room - the lack of light doing a fine job of covering Sylvia's nudity as Lucas led her by the hand and away from the doors. A few students started to stare once a disco light shone across her body, but enveloped in darkness she felt no more naked than many of the girls in skimpy dresses - though that was more likely than not a direct result of being used to it.
A slow song played through the room, couples embraced together as they slowly and awkwardly stepped from side to side, taking in the scent and sensations of their warm bodies. Lucas was getting much more personal with his date than anybody else in the room, but not because he was trying especially hard. His hands stayed firmly on her waist, clutching her close with hands that were gentle, but not weak.
She rested her head on his shoulder and held him tighter, closing her eyes to enjoy the moment.
The song ended, and another one came on - this song a bit faster as some couples let go of their slow embraces and began to dance more freely. Lucas stayed close to Sylvia, trying to maintain his grip around her body but realizing that it was a bit awkward to dance properly that way.
Sylvia just smiled as she stepped away a bit, letting her body bob to the music (though she had to restrain herself a bit as the bouncing of her breasts could have been a bit painful).
But when her eyes stopped looking into Lucas', they found their way around the room and there was a dreadful sight. The light level was still as low as ever, but her pale body still made her stand out, and bobbing up and down certainly did nothing to make her harder to see.
People were beginning to take notice of her.
The room got more claustrophobic as people started to slowly close in on the two dancers. Most were dancing - at least, pretending to - but it was clear that they were biased towards closing in on her body.
With less room to work with, Sylvia suddenly felt a tinge of fear, like something bad was about to happen. But she knew it was important to ignore this voice - after all, she was trying to make sure a repeat of the last two days didn't happen to anybody else. She stepped backwards, her naked ass pressing into Lucas' crotch by mistake as the two continued to dance to maintain appearances. It was a much more profane kind of dancing than she ever did, but given the context she would have to bear it.
Besides, Lucas was trustworthy and he'd simply laugh it off later than night.
Something bumped into her from behind. Something hard, covered by cloth.
Sylvia turned around, ready to tease her friend - maybe ready to call it enough dancing for the night. It wasn't Lucas behind her, though. She didn't know this boy at all. He leered down at her with his bald head reflecting the lights above him as a crooked smile formed by his teeth. When Sylvia tried to move away from him to find her friend, she only bumped into another boy. And another.
She stopped pretending to dance.
"What'sa matter?" The taller boy asked. "Keep goin'."
"Ya can't just tease a guy like dat and not expect him t' want you t' finish the job."
"Cam ahn!" One other yelled, pushing his body against hers. "You want it."
"Excuse me!" Sylvia tried to stay polite and tried to stay calm.
These men did not look trustworthy at all, and the crowd was starting to press in on all sides. She attempted to slip past one, but they continued to move together to block her escape, pushing her back into the body of another as she felt arms reaching across her and grabbing her limbs to hold her between them. One hand shot forwards and grabbed her left breast, when she twisted away her body moved into another set of arms which went for her thighs, then she was groped from other angles - never able to escape the touching.
"Stop!" She yelled. "Help!" She screamed.
The music drowned out the pleas for help. Or maybe they didn't. Maybe no help was nearby. The other students nearby were only staring, smiling.
She was shoved over, the only thing holding her upright being the tight grip on her arm. Sylvia pulled against the feeling but backed into something cool - the concrete wall of the building's edge. She twisted and tried to kick, but only felt another pressure behind her knee as her leg got pushed against a wall, then the hands holding her down lifted that leg into the air, her knee at chest height as she barely managed to balance on her other foot. Sylvia's arms were being held in place by multiple hands - not only the men who had surrounded her before but completely new faces.
Her pussy was completely exposed to the ogling crowd - but in that moment, the exposure wasn't the worst of what she was anticipating. She forced movement out her body in any way that she could, but the only thing not being held down was her neck, which she could only twist fruitlessly.
The bald-headed boy stepped forward, one hand gripping her hip with rough, pinching fingers that dug into her skin as his other went to the front of his pants - the fabric bulging with his excitement building up behind him. She couldn't make out the expression on his face from a spotlight shining down on the back of his head, blinding her periodically and never getting the chance to adjust. She winced, clutching her teeth together to keep from sobbing.
She heard a zipping noise. And then the light was obscured.
Sylvia tightened her thighs, all she could possibly do was brace for the moment.
There was a thud. As if a massive church bell was being rung around her head. Everybody else heard it, too, as people ducked away and she felt her body slide down the wall a bit, landing on her feet. A body slammed against the floor to her side, the bald-headed boy who was holding her landing face-down and limp.
The lights were still obstructing her view for a bit, but a silhouette reached out, a metal chair slung over one shoulder like a workman resting a sledgehammer as the other reached out to pick her up from the floor.
"Sorry I'm late." Ivy said.
The light behind her lit up her pearl-toned body, almost transparent skin shining like a star. She was naked, too.
"I-Ivy..." Sylvia stuttered. "Oh! Ivy!"
Sylvia threw her arms over the shoulders of her savior, clutching tight. She pressed her lips against the other girls' out of instinct and gave her a short smooch that took the goth off guard.
People stared, giving the naked couple a safe distance (no doubt because Ivy was still holding her weapon). Even after she tossed the metal chair aside, the heavy object thudding against the unconscious boy on the floor, people still gave the two a bit of respect.
In the chaos of the prom floor, neither the DJ or any of the chaperones seemed to have noticed what had unfolded. The next song played, another slow tune to even out the feeling of the night. Ivy smiled, grabbed Sylvia's hips, and began to slow dance as their stomachs and breasts pressed together in an embrace. A hole in the floor now open, whoever was operating the overhead lights wanted to shine on the couple. They were illuminated in their dance - the floor coming to a halt as people made way for the naked girls.
She knew the whole floor was staring. She didn't care.
"What is the meaning of this!" A voice distorted by microphone feedback shouted - gathering the attention of the room.
A record scratched as the music shut off and the house lights kicked on. People winced as they tried to adjust to the brightness while looking at the school's principal, who from the center of the stage demanded their attention.
"I had heard rumors through the day that one or more students were streaking on campus." He began. "I was repeatedly assured nothing would come of it but now? This is outrageous!"
"And to think that it was tonight's entertainment that was doing these shameful displays. There are already videos of your 'practice' concert earlier today. People from other districts have found out and now there's demand that I do something about this incident!"
His speech was unpopular, moreso by the next words that came out of his mouth.
"The Albino Ravens concert tonight is cancelled due to the shameful behavior of the band members!"
The crowd muttered in contempt - Ivy clutching Sylvia to her chest more tightly than before. And then, Sylvia got mad.
She pushed her way through the crowd as people let her through - different behavior than they'd been giving her up to that point, but perhaps there was more impetus to behave when there were extra eyes on you. She climbed on the stage in an unlady-like way as the comments started to get louder. Behind her, Ivy leaped up in a single motion.
"You - get away - you can't." The principal stuttered. He stepped back. Sylvia stepped forwards. She took the microphone.
"Who wants us to play anyway!" She yelled.
The crowd roared in approval.
"Does anybody care about what this geezer thinks?"
"NO!" A response came from the now-united crowd.
The principal stomped a foot and stepped towards the front of the stage. He said something about staying calm or being civil that was drowned out by the cheers and jeers of the crowd. When a cup of punch was thrown that splashed his face with red water, he meekly stepped down and left, brushing the liquid off of himself.
Ivy and Sylvia were now on stage, naked, looking out into the crowd as the lights began to fade and refocus on their bodies. It was strange.
In any other context, this would be the most humiliating moment of a teenage girl's life. But now? It felt normal. She wasn't nervous at all in spite of what had nearly happened to her on the floor.
It was still too early to play, nobody was ready yet. But she saw a face peering at her from the side curtain; Lucas gave a thumbs-up as he slid some of their equipment to the side. Had he run away to get help?
There was a small envelope left on the podium at the front of the stage - the Principal had probably meant to read the superlatives before he saw the naked girls and gave his little rant. Sylvia grabbed it and peeled the adhesive away.
"So?" She started. "How about some superlatives?"
Sylvia and Ivy took turns reading off the 'Most likely to become a comedian' or 'Most likely to sleep through graduation' awards on stage as various students were called up to accept the awards. She only vaguely recalled this part of the previous timeloops - before she was more concerned with her concert to care. The students would come up, accept a small certificate, then gingerly walk off stage. It was impossible to try to compete for attention with two nude women and few even bothered to try.
They worked their way down the stack of papers, reading off each award before they got to the grand finale at the bottom. Votes were tallied, popularity was gauged, and Sylvia prepared to recognize Elizabeth as prom queen.
"And now, your Prom Queen for the evening is..."
Sylvia froze. It wasn't Elizabeth.
"Me?"
The room erupted into the loudest applause she had ever heard. But none of the clapping seemed to register as she read her own name again and again. It was strange - that morning (and every that morning before) Sylvia could not have cared less about whether she was Prom Queen or not. But having actually won it - the situation seemed unreal.
"NO! NO! NO!" A shrill voice shrieked.
Elizabeth stormed in from the side of the stage - apparently she had already prepared to walk out and accept her award. She had her perfect pink dress readied - her makeup overdone and her hair extra curly - all for her big award.
"You can't just make things up! Let me read that!"
Elizabeth snatched the paper from Sylvia's hands and held it up to her face. She paused. She kept pausing.
"Are you fucking kidding me?" She screamed. "This exhibitionist slut goes to school naked, flaunts her body around for a few hours, lets a bunch of guys feel her up...
"And you go and make her your queen? Are you all stupid? That's the dumbest, most shallow, most... most...!"
Elizabeth crumpled up the paper and paced around, not even knowing how to express her anger. She spun around, an accusing finger pointed at Sylvia once more.
"Girls! You have to understand." Elizabeth pleaded with the crowd. "She is your enemy! She's seducing your boyfriends! She's cheapening what it means to be a woman! She's making our whole gender look bad!"
"Then maybe I ought to even things out." A confident, deep voice rang out from backstage, silencing the rant.
Lucas boldly left the cover of the curtain and marched up to Elizabeth, whose face started to glow red as she flinched at the naked boy eagerly approaching.
"What the fu- AH!" Elizabeth backed away from Lucas but tripped over something that wasn't there. Time seemed to move in slow-motion as the jerking motion went up her ankle, to her knee, and finally threw her whole leg out from under her as the culprit behind the girl's fall made itself clear. Elizabeth's rubber heel flew out behind her, clattering across the stage as the girl fell down, away from the curtains.
Sylvia thought back. Way back. The very first time she'd lived this day. Everything seemed to have started with a broken heel.
The crowd caught her on the way down and the most popular - sorry - Second most popular girl in the school disappeared into a sea of hands.
The stage was set for an Albino Ravens concert. Lucas, still in the nude, smiled as he handed Sylvia her guitar. She accidentally caught a glance between his legs as she couldn't help but look down. His penis was semi-erect, barely containing its arousal but somehow managing to stay just flaccid enough so as not to be 'too' lewd.
She took the guitar as Lucas made his way back to his keyboard. She strummed a chord.
The concert began.
It was the greatest show they ever played. An energy to their music that was never there before, not even in the garage concert before. Monica's bare legs were kicking her drums much faster than she ever could, doubling up on bass rhythms that were enough to hype up a crowd when they were single-taps. Ivy thrust her body forwards with every heavy chord she played, her bare breasts seeming to lead the crown it their motion as the danced along. Lucas seemed to keep his eyes on Sylvia the whole time, so did everybody else.
She was the center of the universe for that one moment - that one concert.
Every so often, a pink dress could be seen being tossed around like a beach ball, shortly followed by the skinny, naked body of a panicking Elizabeth as the sea of hands passed her person around the room throughout. Each time the blonde girl came into view, a few more marks appeared on her body and her expression shifted from indigence - to anger - to pleading eyes - to a sort of ecstasy as her legs seemed to get wetter with each passing of her body.
They let out one last note as the curtains fell the first time - the excited crowd shouting with so much enthusiasm and, by some miracle of mass-coordination, Elizabeth's shaking body being tossed up stage with them. She scampered under the curtain for some kind of cover, leaning against the first person she saw, who happened to be Ivy.
"Whoa!" The usually stoic goth girl was taken aback. "You look - er - bad."
"P-please..." Elizabeth could barely speak. "Let me... let me..."
The girl's dignity was gone. Mascara tears sank down her face as long dark rings smudged around her eyes from the eye shadow being smeared. Her lipstick was smudged in a way with her curls matching the dishevelment of the rest of her ensemble. And her body was covered in hand-shaped red marks where people had fondled her.
But more shocking than any of that was her hand. While one was resting on Ivy's shoulder for support, the other was between her legs, feverishly rubbing at her clit.
"PLEASE!" She screamed. "Let me cum! I- I can't- I can never get off my myself just... just do it for me!"
Lucas stifled a snort as he looked away from the lewd display, though the shaft between his legs gave away his real emotions at the moment. Monica simply pointed and laughed as Ivy shrugged the shaking girl away.
Elizabeth stood bow-legged, two hands on her sex as she was rubbing it so hard it was likely to tear off.
"You... really can't get off masturbating by yourself?" Sylvia suggested.
Elizabeth couldn't speak, she simply shook her head as a drop of drool ran down her open mouth.
"Well," Ivy smiled. "I think we found our encore..."
The curtains raised again as the crowd's encore chant got louder and louder, the stage arranged in a different set-up than usual to accommodate the fifth member in their group.
Elizabeth was laying on her back, legs spread apart as Ivy had a finger shoved into her loins, slowly teasing the girl's clit with one finger as the other alternated between quick and slow strokes of her labia. When the crowd started to roar, Elizabeth thrust her hips forward and Sylvia held up a microphone.
The girl sprayed a liquid into the front row of the audience as she moaned a loud, quivering note that seemed to cover multiple octaves. The first note of their final song.
They started to play with that scene - the newly-awakened exhibitionist Elizabeth continuing to masturbate to the crowd as the Albino Ravens went into the song that had kick-started their careers all those years ago; Now the song that would end their time together.
She knew it wouldn't last forever. But all good things have to end at some point, otherwise more joys can never find their place.
...
Sylvia, Monica, Lucas, and Ivy laid on their backs in the grassy knoll outside the prom's auditorium, glancing up at the stars as they felt the cool night's air on their skin and the soft, ticklish grass on their backs. There was so much they wanted to say to each other, and conversations never stayed on one subject for long as they excitedly hopped from topic to topic.
But all of that was to avoid the real issue.
It was the end of their senior year. The last chance they'd get for a proper concert as the Albino Ravens before all four of them had lives that moved on. The reality of the situation didn't seem to sink in for Sylvia, though.
She knew that things wouldn't end. Not here. This was a joy that was sure to last forever.
After all, it was almost midnight.
Sylvia felt a chill in the night air and checked her phone. 11:59. It was nearly over.
Today was far from a good day. It had so many downs, and yet the highlights were some of the best moments of her life. Completely free of any inhibitions, she had managed to find fulfillment in the last few hours of her senior prom. She heard a distant rumbling.
Sylvia swallowed back something - was she about to cry?
"I wish this day never happened!"
...
She felt the world grow cold as a breeze kicked in, her skin caressed by its gentle touch as she felt her body grow lighter and lighter. No longer reclined on the grass, but instead floating in a space between waking and sleeping.
"You don't really meant that, do you?" Monica called out to her.
"Yeah, I thought that went pretty well." Lucas added, his eyes on the first stars.
"And what about everything we got to do together?" Ivy sat up. "Do you really regret today so much?"
"No." Sylvia tried to backpedal. "I mean, yes. I mean...
"Listen, remember when I mentioned the timeloop before? That's what I said the last three days. I don't know, it's just sort of how the nights end."
"Oh, right." Lucas sat up, too. "I guess we all stop existing in a few seconds."
"Bummer." Monica pouted. "Say hello to the tomorrow me. Or the yesterday me or... how does it work again?"
"I don't really know," Sylvia admitted. "I just say 'I wish this day never happened' and then close my eyes and then... and then..."
She checked her phone.
It was 12:01am. Saturday. It was the day after her Senior Prom.
"I'm still here." Sylvia said, jumping to her feet. "I'm still here!"
The others began to rise as well, still confused by her outburst.
"Don't you see?" She yelled. "It's tomorrow! It's really tomorrow - er - it's today!"
"Wait, so..." Lucas looked at her body. "You're not stuck in anything anymore?"
"You did it!" Ivy jumped for joy, her breasts jumping half a second later. "We did it!"
"Oh my god!" Monica shouted. "Why are we celebrating, again?"
She raised a good point. Why were they celebrating?
It was at that moment that Sylvia realized something. Something she had forgotten about for the last hour. She was naked. She was completely naked while outdoors with bits of grass stuck to her butt and shoulders.
And her friends were naked - they were covered in bits of grass as well.
And they had just performed a concert in the nude. And her worst enemy masturbated for the crowd.
And she had her body sprayed with a cold hose. And old food thrown at her. And she was spanked by her entire gym class. And she had pictures taken; SO many pictures taken of her doing all of the above things.
And now it was Saturday, so tomorrow would be Sunday, and the day after, she would have to go back to school. And pictures and videos could spread around a lot over the weekend. And so could rumors.
On Monday, she would have to go back to class - and every single student will have seen her naked, humiliated, embarrassed; Willingly going along with whatever people had done to her body as if she were asking for it.
She'd made love to her best friend; She'd made love to a girl who she'd only met a few hours before.
Sylvia covered her nudity with her hands, one across her chest and the other between her legs, shaking with anxiety at the future to come and the consequences of her actions today.
"You have got to be kidding me!"
* * *
EPILOGUE:
A woman has a package arrive at her house while showering. In her excitement to retrieve the object she ordered, she stepped out in a towel only for the door to close shut on the cloth behind her. Thankfully, the towel was thick enough for the door not to latch shut and she was able to return home, dignity intact.
A woman attempts to send her current partner a lewd selfie - only to mistakenly select 'reply to all' when doing so. But a warning prompt from her phone narrowly prevents the mistake which she quickly rectifies.
A girl attempts to show off her flexibility to her friends by hanging upside-down from a bar. Before she attempts this, she has the idea to tuck in her shirt (just in case).
Many women enjoyed cool, pleasant breezes that caressed their bare legs and played with the hems of their skirts - which stayed firmly in place.
None of these events would ever be connected to one another - nor would they be connected to the rumors of a young woman who decided one morning to attend her classes in the nude; Not that these rumors were ever believed by anybody anyway.
Ingrid, Sylvia's mother, was the center of attention at work for a few days as rumors of her daughter appearing at a work meeting naked spread a bit. The extra attention meant her name was on everybody's lips when it came time to talk about promotions which, due to her ability to balance her work and home lives, she eventually received.
Mr. Geraldo continued to give boring, droning lectures for years, eventually deluding himself into believing that the naked student in his classroom that day was merely a figment of his imagination and never bringing up the subject again.
Coach Reagan, after learning about the events of the basketball game, realized that perhaps she needed to get her vision checked out. She was fitted for glasses within the week and allegedly mellowed out afterwards - though students were still terrified of her locker room policies.
Mr. Norris wasn't fired for his actions in the courtyard, but he was heavily encouraged to change schools - a request he turned down to start his retirement early. Without a pension, he had to live on a limited budget. But whenever he's asked if it was worth it, he simply smiles to himself.
Mr. Shien was privy to the after-party of that prom night, seeing three naked girls flashing passersby on a late-night walk. The sight gave him a mild heart-attack and he vowed to quit smoking for his health.
Lucas' mother found out about Sylvia's gallivanting around the city naked. But she also found out about her son's own exhibition as well as the confident behavior he had shown in protecting his friend throughout the day. She decided not to judge the girl too harshly in the end, knowing that her son only started to behave so nervously when Sylvia first started to show signs of becoming a woman and that this same woman was now the reason he could walk with his head high.
The photos of Sylvia circulated her high school for several weeks afterwards until the SRO began cracking down on what he deemed as 'Revenge Porn'. After a few students were arrested for possessing the pictures, their spread stopped significantly enough that images and videos started to become rare. This was accelerated by the fact that Sylvia was now among the most popular girls in the school - and nobody wanted to be 'That Guy' who was sharing her nudes behind her back. The events of the concert at Prom became the stuff of legends for years to come - to the point that many people stopped believing it was true when others failed to present any evidence.
Elizabeth never found her clothes after they were stripped away from her that night - nor did she find her purse. With no way to pay the limo driver her parents had arranged for her, she had to walk home. Quite a few pictures were snapped of the naked woman fondling herself as she slowly paced through the city and trying to analyze the locations in the background shows that she took a very roundabout route home. To this day, when Elizabeth recalls the stares she got as she passed through the city, she squeezes her legs together and imagines doing it all again.
Lucas found a new source of confidence after escorting Sylvia for the better part of the day. Between that and the cheers from the women in his class after walking out on stage naked, he found a new sort of popularity for a while. Their alpha-girl disgraced, Lucas found temporary acceptance with Elizabeth's former posse; And they arranged for a hotel room to be rented for the night with their naked male friend. He proceeded to explain the complete lore of his favorite cartoon for four hours straight while nude hot-tubbing with the girls - boring all of them to sleep except for one, who proceeded to give him a hands-on lesson about prostate orgasms.
Ivy remembered performing naked on stage for many years, which eventually prompted her to take a few acting courses after she graduated with her PhD. These acting classes were mostly for fun as she took on a few roles in local community theaters before finally getting to experience what she considers to be her greatest accomplishment in life; Being an extra in a Star Trek reboot. She has a framed picture of her backstage in full make-up while dressed as a Ferengi that she keeps next to her Nobel Prize.
Monica and Sylvia dated for a few months the following summer but after a time their relationship degraded to a simple Friends With Benefits situation before just being friends again. They kept in contact for years and years afterwards, with Sylvia being the bridesmaid at Monica's wedding when she finally decided to settle down with a partner who was more tolerant of cleaning up after her.
The Albino Ravens never played another concert together. Monica's drumset is collecting dust in an attic, Lucas never found the time to continue practicing piano (although he did have a brief career as a music producer). Ivy occasionally pulls out her old bass to strum a few notes for fun, and Sylvia is known to sing while strumming a melody every so often at parties when the night had died down.
Sylvia was able to cope with the consequences of her actions that day in early summer for the rest of the year. Every so often, a student would make a lewd comment about her, or she'd be teased, but in general people treated her well. Still, the constant staring and whispered words about her body weighed far too heavy on her psyche and Sylvia ultimately decided to cut her hair short and start wearing glasses upon entering college in order to get a fresh start. She attended the prestigious Westridge Academy a few cities over and graduated with honors there, pleased that she started to be recognized for her mind instead of her body.
But there were always rumors about that college. That sometimes, there would be a raven-haired girl who would leave her dorm room and run around campus completely naked at night. And that anybody who encountered her when she was streaking would be compelled to join in the fun.
But hey, those are just rumors.