This is a fictional tale, hoping for it to become non-fiction.
CH 1. A DAY AWAY
It was one of those rarer occasions when the kids were out for the weekend. The house was clean already and it was only 9am. We hadn't had a date day/night for a few months due to a hectic work schedule and our regular babysitter being on holidays.
"Honey, what do you want to do for the day?" I asked. I knew my wife Ellie had her eyes on a new pair of shoes, so I thought we would likely end up at the shopping centre, and as boring as that may sound, I do quite enjoy watching Ellie try on shoes, especially if she is wearing a skirt.
"Maybe we could go for a drive?" she replied.
I had shared a fantasy with her several times that I would like to fuck her over the boot of the car by the side of the road or on a blanket in a country paddock. My mind deviated to this fantasy, and I decided to see if I could make it come true. We had watched a few porn movies with both of these scenarios, and both always enjoyed them.
I asked Ellie if there was anywhere in particular, she would like to go and she replied that just going for a long drive would be a nice way to spend the day.
CH 2. TIME FOR A SHOWER
Ellie went off to have a shower, so I used the time to grab a picnic blanket and pack a freezer bag full of fruit, drinks and I also prepared some sandwiches for lunch.
When I was finished, I walked up to the bathroom and Ellie was still in the shower. She was washing her long red hair. I was going to have a quick shower anyway, so dropped my jeans and trunks on the floor and opened the shower door to join her in the steam.
I stood behind her and shut the door. The hot water coursed over our bodies as I moved in to push my groin against her chubby butt. My non erect cock began to firm up as I asked if she would like me to finish washing her luxurious red locks of hair. There was no need for her to answer as my hands had reached her head by the time the question finished. A minute into giving her a head massage, my cock was now uncomfortably straining and fully erect, but being blocked from standing at its usual erect angle by the bottom of her bottom. I moved my hips back and it sprang up, allowing me to nuzzle it into her ass crack upright. We didn't speak as I rubbed my cock gently against her ass crack between those heavenly cheeks. We just enjoyed the moment.
I continued to wash her hair, then gave her back a good scrub and massage, all those hard-to-reach curves, before taking the shower head out of its cradle, tipping her head back and rinsing the conditioner and soap off her head and back.
Ellie turned around and looked at me with bedroom eyes. I sprayed water on her c/d cup breasts as she squeezed some bodywash into her hand and began to wash my hard cock. Slowly and deliberately stroking the soap up and down my 6 inches of rock-hard cock. She then reached down and gently massaged the soap into my scrotum, squeezing my balls as my cock throbbed up and down.
Knowing I was about to cum soon, she took the shower head from my hand and rinsed me off. she gave the shower head back to me and crouched down. I watched as she took my balls into her mouth and started to suck as she also started to jerk my cock. I asked "honey, can I cum in your mouth?" She shook her head, balls still in her mouth. I panted "We don't want to have to wash your hair again, I'm not far off Cumming." Ellie released my balls with a wet pop noise and without a word swapped position of hands and mouth, so she was now sucking my cock while working my balls with her hand. Her long nails scraped across and dug into my ball bag as she bobbed her head up and down on my cock. I held the shower head to run over her head, over the back of her hair and over her face. I felt the orgasm coming and put my free hand gently on her head. My legs spasmed as my orgasm ripped through me, spurting hot cum into her mouth as she continued to work up and down on my cock. She gagged a tiny bit and then took her mouth off my cock and stood up. She opened her mouth to show me the cum in her mouth, then closed her mouth and swallowed. "mmm" she moaned and then leant into me for an open mouth kiss. We swapped my remaining cum around in our mouths with our tongues wrestling hard.
Now it was her turn to cum.
I turned the hot tap down a little and changed the showerhead to pulse mode and asked her to spread her legs. With my free hand I spread her meaty lips at the top and pushed the showerhead against her clit. We moved back to a passionate kiss as the water worked its magic, pulsing against her clit until a quick few minutes later her body began to tremor. Then shake. Having had enough she gently pushed my hand away and said "Stop, stop."
We kissed again then turned the shower off and dried each other.
CH 3. DID YOU REMEMBER TO PACK EVERYTHING?
I went for a piss, and when I walked back into the bedroom Ellie was fossicking around looking for something to wear. She had laid out a blue and a pink bra and panty set on the bed. Hearing me come back in she asked which I would like her to wear. I told her to wear the blue set as she had only worn it once before, and it was a G-string as opposed to the pink being a bikini bottom. both sets had padded bra cups with a little lace at the top, and the bottoms were a similar style, material with a little lace. I watched Ellie put the pink set back away, her cuddly body jiggling with each movement. She returned to the wardrobe and flicked through a few dresses.
"Oh, I forgot I bought this one" she said, pulling out a hanger with a green dress. It looked short to me, more like a shirt than a dress. I had never seen it before. She laid it out in the bed, and I commented on how short it was with a wry smile. Ellie started to slip her G-string on, replying "I'm sure you won't complain when i put it on." She turned to playfully poke her tongue out at me. The tongue that 20 minutes earlier had been wrestling remnants of my cum into my mouth.
I replied to her stir. "I hope it's a windy day wherever we end up going."
She raised her eyebrows a few times smiling as she put her bra around her waist and fastened the clasp near her belly button. She swivelled it around, so the cups were on her belly. "Where are we going anyway?" She began raising the bra over her belly and popped her boobs into the cups.
"Not exactly sure Hun." I replied as I opened my underwear and sock drawer and she started to put her arms through the straps. It was true, I still hadn't thought of where our drive would take us. I pulled out a tight-fitting pair of trunks which almost matched the colour of her underwear. "How about these for me." I said holding them up behind me. "Oh yes, I love those on you!" she replied untwisting the strap on her right shoulder.
I slid my undies on and a pair of shorts as she rolled the dress up and pulled it over her head. We watched each other as we got dressed at the same time. I let her know I was impressed with her dress choice. The hem landed about 3 inches below her bottom and flared out a bit at the base with 2-inch-wide pleats. It also sat nicely on her boobs and belly. I figured it wouldn't take much bending to give an upskirt glimpse, and a few seconds later I was proven right. As I reached in my drawer to pull out a shirt Ellie leaned forward a bit to select a pair of shoes from her shoe rack. As she leant forward the skirt raised exposing more of the back of her thigh until O just saw a glimpse of butt cheek. I gave her a wolf whistle and she turned to me with sandals in hand. "Oh my god" she said, "tell me it's not that short." I nodded and smiled indicating to her that it was indeed that short. "That looks delightful darling, where did you get it?"
"Oh, I bought it online with that pink jacket about two months ago, it was on special, and I thought it might look cute on me."
"It's more than cute, it's downright sexy." I replied walking over to her. I knelt down shirtless in front of her, partly to help put her sandals on, but as she well knew, partly to cop a peep up her new skirt. Even though we have been married for over 15 years, she still manages to thrill me and excite me, especially when there is a new outfit to check her out in.
She rubbed my shoulders as I put her sandals on and then my hands slid up the inside of her calves, up and over the top of her thighs and up her skirt.
"Enough you horn bag" she exclaimed taking her hands off my shoulders. "Put your shirt on so we can get moving or it will be nighttime before we leave and then you won't get any for a month."
I readjusted my mind from the present offering to the potential wild time I previously had running around in my mind and got up to put my shirt on. Ellie went out to the kitchen to grab a drink and a thought occurred to me. I went to where she keeps her stash of sex toys. After a quick rumble through I found a fat pink 8-inch vibrator. I thought it might make for an entertaining drive.
I told Ellie I was ready to go, and we left the house with the freezer bag full of
goodie, (now plus one big pink vibrator) and hopped into the car.
CH 4. ROAD TRIPPIN
Not really having a destination, I decided to drive south out of the city limits. The freeway was pretty easy going and if we were heading somewhere I would have said we were making good time, but as the destination was unknown even to me, I just enjoyed the drive with my free hand pawing Ellies nearest thigh.
After an hour the remnants of suburbia had faded away to beautiful scenic rolling hills. We had had good rainfall, and the pastures were green for the most part and we were both very relaxed. We had the radio off and had been chatting with each other most of the way about various things. We had worked our conversation around to sex and I remembered that I had stashed the vibrator in the freezer bag. I asked Ellie if she could reach into the back and grab a fresh bottle of water. Her reply was that I just wanted to see her skirt ride up, and as the thought hadn't preciously crossed my mind, I wondered why I hadn't thought of that already. Ellie loosened her seatbelt a bit and twisted in her seat to reach into the back floor to access the cooler bag. In doing so, as she had pre-empted, her skirt rode up nicely giving me a good flash of blue between her attractive thick thighs.
Ellie opened the zipper on the cooler bag enough to reach her hand in, it was too heavy and bulky to pick up and bring into the front seat. She reached her hand in and of course I had placed the vibrator right in top of the bag. "What's this?" she asked as she pulled out the toy. I'm sure she guessed what it was when she felt it, but as she saw what it was now in her hand she said, "Oh John, you're such a naughty boy!" Then giggled "Just for that I don't know if I'm going to get a water for you." She kept feeling around until she felt a water bottle and bought both back to the front, then reached back and zipped the cooler bag up again. I threw the old empty water bottle into the back of the car and Ellie put the new bottle in the cup holder. With a smirk she turned the dial at the end of the vibrator, and it started humming at low speed. She looked at me from the corner of her eyes with the vibrator in front of her and slowly turned the speed up to full, her smile spreading further across her mouth until the vibe hit its max speed, then she feigned an 'oh, oh, ohhhhh" sound as if she was cumming. She turned it off and looked at me. I again shifted my focus from the road. "Yes dear?" She put the vibe up to her mouth and opened her mouth, slowly accommodating the head of the cock shaped soft silicon. I had to bring my attention back to the road, but as the traffic was light, I was able to pick when I could take longer glances. She was being a tease and knew I could see out the corner of my eye even when my head wasn't turned looking at her.
She started deepthroating the dildo much to my cocks awakening delight. a few times she gagged a little as her other hand lifted the green dress hem up over her belly and then her fingers slid under the front of her blue G-string. She took the vibe out of her mouth and said "Johnny, your cock is so big, but you've already cum in my mouth once today, I want you to rub it on my clit." With that said she travelled the head of the vibrator down between her tits, down over her lovely big belly, over the seatbelt, then readjusting the dress which had now been pushed down, ran the mushroom head of the vibe over the front of her G-string. She spread her legs a little and used her other hand to again turn the vibrator on slow speed, then lifted the waist of her G-string before sliding the vibrating head to its rightful place against her clitoris. She moved it up and down ever so slightly as we drove along and gradually wound the speed dial up to full. I must say it was pretty hard to keep my eyes on the road. I wanted to pull over there and then and fuck her, but I was enjoying the new scenario of her bringing herself up to an orgasm while driving along. I looked down at my speedometer and realised I was truly being distracted as I was 30 kmh over the speed limit. I eased the accelerator off a bit and tried to juggle my focus a bit better between watching the road and watching my wife.
Soon I could her breathing speed up. Ellie started to wriggle around on the seat more and more. I slowed the car down a little so I could pay more attention to watching her cum. Finally, I saw her legs start to quiver then spasm. She jolted around in her seat as the orgasm rushed through her and moans of pleasure escaped her mouth. She slowly removed the vibrator from under her panties and turned it off to catch her breath.
From years of experience, I knew her satisfaction would be short lived. Ellie always needed a good fuck after a clitoral or g-spot orgasm. True to form, 5 minutes later Ellie turned to me and said "I'm sooooo horny Hunny. I need your cock."
As hard as my cock was and as much as I wanted to pull the car over and slam it inside her now dripping wet pussy, I thought Ellies show had room for act 2. I teased her saying I was driving, and we weren't at our destination yet. She thought I had somewhere specific in mind that I was planning to take her, but in reality, I was just driving until I found somewhere suitable for some fun. "You might have to use your vibrator for the time being, sorry"
Ellie pretended to scowl as she repositioned herself to slide the vibrator inside herself. At a thick 8 inches, the dildo was larger than my thick 6 inches, so I always enjoyed knowing she was stuffing something bigger than what I could offer inside her. She moved her wet G-string aside and started slowly pushing the fake cock in and out in long slow strokes with each in and out motion a low moan came out, and more than once a queef as she pushed it in. Her eyes closed as she inserted it faster and faster, satisfying herself as we drove along. I rubbed her thigh again, thoroughly enjoying her getting off while we drove along. Wishing a truck would overtake us and catch her in the act, but alas not even a car overtook us on this quiet day.
CH 5. PEEGASM
After ten minutes or so of frigging the vibrator in and out Ellies wrist was beginning to cramp so she removed the vibe from her pussy and pulled her G-string back into place. She caught my eye and licked her juice from one side of the silicone monster from base to tip. She pointed it toward my mouth and never one to miss a taste of her love juices, I smelt then licked her sweet nectar from the tip. She took it back and cleaned the rest before placing it upright next to the water bottle in the second cup holder. "I think I need to pee honey, can we stop soon?"
I replied that we had just passed a rest stop 10 minutes ago and I wasn't sure how far until the next one, it could be another 20 to 30 minutes.
"I think I need to go nowish babes" she replied. "All that play and all that water uurgh!"
I had only seen Ellie pee in public a handful of times. It was always great to watch, and I usually got a bit hard when watching her pee. Once we had been out in the city for her birthday and had left the bar 'several' drinks later. I had stopped by a tree to relieve myself and she had decided it was a good idea for her to do the same. She had squatted and hiked up her dress, panties aside and let out a flood that went for a minute. She had just finished as a young group of revellers came walking by and it was obvious what she had been doing. Although slightly embarrassed she got a thrill and a laugh out of nearly being caught in the act.
I soon found a reasonable but safe place to pull the car off the road. It was only a small spot and I had to pull the car to a halt quite quickly to pull in there. Everywhere else along the road had long grass, but this place looked like it was a place where other cars had stopped as well. Unfortunately, or fortunately whichever way you wish to view the situation, the only cover she would have from passing cars was either squatting by the car or by a large nearby tree. Either way though, she would be exposed to some kind of view from the road.
As the car stopped Ellie said "Fuck, I'm about to pee myself or have a peegasm!" She would usually have insisted on waiting for a petrol station or roadside rest area, but she must have been busting to go on this day.
She unbuckled and flung the door open almost in one movement. I fumbled to get out of the car quickly as I didn't want to miss the action. I almost ran around the other side of the car to find Ellie in a decision-making state. To the better shelter of the tree 20 metres away and possibility of ants or relieve herself here close to the main road behind the car.
Whoosh - a truck flew by with a gust of wind stirred up behind it.
"Oh fuck it" Ellie exclaimed as she hitched her skirt up and pulled her g-string aside. She started pissing as she started to squat, legs wide apart. Oh what a sight it was watching my beautiful curvy wife watering the ground next to the car.
Beep Beep Beeeeeeep! Whoosh - another truck drove by obviously thankful to have seen such a delightful sight to break up his long drive.
I don't know how long her wee took, but 2 cars also passed by after the truck before she finished.
I was quite horny and wanted to play with her, fuck her there and then, but thought this was just a bit too busy and exposed for sex, even though it was relatively quiet today.
"You enjoyed that didn't you John." she stated rather than questioned. "I'm surprised you didn't film it you perv." We both laughed and I replied, "I'll make sure I do next time Ellie." I decided to also take the opportunity to take a piss next to the puddle she had created which was now soaked into the ground. Ellie watched as she had a thousand times before, but let's face it, it's more commonplace for a man to pee outdoors than a woman, so it is not all that exciting. I made her laugh more as I made a metre long arc of piss then swirled it around a bit like a sprinkler. I shook it off and we jumped back in the car. "It's probably a bit too busy to get back out and fuck you here, isn't it?" I asked Ellie, knowing the answer. She replied " We could jump in the back seat..." I said "I'd really like to fuck you outside by the side of the road. Maybe I can find a quieter road?" To my delight she agreed to the idea. I pulled back onto the road, and about 5 kilometres further along I saw a side road and slowed to turn left into it.
CH 6. MILLS LANE
The signpost read 'Mills Lane'. The turnoff was halfway down a light gradient hill. Mills Lane was quite a pretty drive. There was a mixture of neatly fenced crop, sheep and cattle paddocks as we drove along, similar to a lot of the rest of the day's drive had been. The only differences were that the road was narrower and did not seem to be a major thoroughfare, and the roadside was much more well maintained. We drove along for about 5 minutes of mainly straight road before the road began to get twisty and hilly. On one of the flatter hilltops, I pulled the car over to the side of the road. There were a few trees to provide some shade, and I was able to again pull the car off the road a safe distance. In unison we both said 'Wow' at the view from the tip of the hill now that we were stationary.
We seemed higher up than it felt we had driven. The rolling hills and paddocks below were lush green dotted with mobs of cattle and sheep here and there. We could see a creek at the bottom before the hill gently climbed up on the other side.
I said, "Today we are dining at natures restaurant." Ellie replied that we had already used natures toilet and I cracked up laughing. I asked Ellie to wait in the car and I decided to be a bit romantic and took the picnic blanket and freezer bag out and set up in the shade of a large gum tree. I walked back to the car and opened the door for her and was greeted with yet another wonderful glimpse of upskirt from my wife. She got out and we sat down overlooking the valley and hills and chatted as I got the food and drinks out to enjoy. The amount of food was perfect, we were both satisfied and no waste. All that was left over was a pack of chips, 2 chocolate bars and some drinks for the trip home. I said we should pack up and get moving about 20 minutes after we finished eating and Ellie asked why I wanted to go. I told her I didn't necessarily want to leave just yet, and rubbed her thigh once more as I looked into her eyes and told her I wanted to slide my cock inside her now.
Her eyes lit up, and then a frown appeared as she considered the scenario. "What, right here?" I told her we could either have fun on the blanket or on the car boot. We ended up doing both...
As I was packing the cooler bag into the car another car drove by. The first we had seen on Mills Lane. I waved them a greeting and the driver waved back. The picnic blanket was set a little way down the hill from the car, and I didn't think a car would be able to see from the road if we had sex there, but the car was only a few metres off the road. It would be risky to have sex there, even with such little traffic. I decided I would move the car a little so it would give us a bit more privacy if indeed we got to live out this fantasy of fucking against the car. We had had sex in the car a few times in our early dating days, but I was really looking forward to this experience. I manoeuvred the car, so it was facing the road instead of being parallel and walked back to a puzzled looking Ellie.
I knelt behind her and pulled her dress straps down off her shoulders, revealing her blue bra straps. I gently nibbled her right ear, then whispered into it. "So... here we are all alone. Out in the middle of nowhere." I broke off and swapped around to her other ear, my hands gently massaging the tops of her shoulders. I continued. "We have had lunch, and your belly is full." I licked her ear making her squirm in bliss before moving back to the first ear. Again, I whispered though no one else was around to hear. "I'd like to make your pussy feel as full as your belly." My hands slid down over her dress, following the contour of her breasts down to that cuddly belly of hers. I made a circle around her navel with one finger as I cuddled her belly with the other hand. Back to the other ear again. "What do you say?"
"Yes" was her single word response, sounding like a woman who had been waiting her whole life to be asked that question.
Ellie wiggled her butt still sitting and pulled the fabric at the back of her dress from under her butt. She pulled the straps back onto her shoulders and then lifted the dress up over her body and head.
CH 7. THE OUTDOOR BOUDIOR AND THE AFTERPARTY
There was my lady sitting in her blue bra and g-string on a picnic blanket, her straight red hair flowing over her back and down beside the blue cups which held her heavenly breasts. I took my pho ne out and she took the cue, striking a few poses on the blanket as I clicked away with my camera. Straight on, legs closed, legs open, side on with her face at different angles, hair down, hair held up in her hands.
Then she stood up and stretched. She came to me and embraced me in a warm hug and passionate kiss. Her hands took the bottom of my shirt and proceeded to lift it up over my head and she threw it on the blanket. She then walked a little way down the hill away from the road as I continued to click. Her back view looked as gorgeous and inviting as her front view, with the G-string emphasising her chubby tones butt cheeks, and her red hair hiding yet giving glimpses of her bra.
Ellie turned and faced back toward me and the car. She reached behind her as I stopped clicking and started filming what turned out to be an amazing striptease with a beautiful woman and a beautiful nature backdrop. She eased her bra off slowly, ensuring that it was going to be a memorable strip show.
A car went by on the road above, but she just watched it drive by and did not interrupt the moment. Ellie slow danced solo as she slowly revealed her naked body. Turning so I was able to see her every angle, drifting her arms around, gyrating her hips, wobbling her tits. I noticed a few cows gathering at the nearest fence, which was around 50 metres away, curious to see what was going on. Ellie now naked apart from her sandals walked back to the picnic blanket and once again embraced me and kissed me. She ran her nails softly down my back and it was now her turn to whisper in my ear. "Take me now!"
Ellie laid down on her back and angled her knees out, feet on the ground. She made circles around her areola with her nails as I unbuttoned and unzipped my jeans. Watching me slide them off my legs revealing my trunks with a very erect 6 inches trying to poke through she started to scrape her nails across her nipples. I tried to do a slow dance for her out of my trunks, but in reality, it was more like 10 seconds as I just wanted to get inside her.
I knelt on the blanket, and I nibbles her toes.
Then north past her calves as I followed my nose.
Inner thighs were ticklish I suppose.
She jumped so my finger went up her rose.
I laid down on my belly and my tongue touched her hood.
I wanted her to cum real hard, to cum really good.
I licked and sucked her clit and lips the way a lover should.
Then she climaxed and I slid inside with my hard wood.
We had missionary sex for a short time and knowing her favourite position is doggystyle I asked her if she would like to roll over. "Uh huh" was all she could answer as I continued to thrust my cock into her very wet pussy. With a quick flip she was hunched over on her knees, her belly, tits and head on the rug. Her ass wiggled a little as she briefly waited, and I couldn't help but take the invitation to spread her cheeks and give her beckoning asshole a gentle licking. Her ass crack was wet from pussy juice which had ran down, so it was all the more a tantalising treat for my tongue. i circled her rosebud for a minute or two before kneeling upright ready to slide my cock in Ellies pussy again, but from behind this time. Ellie said John, wait.
I held off and as I was about to ask her if she was ok, i realised she was looking at the car. I took the cue and instead asked "You want me to fuck you over the boot, don't you?"
She nodded "mhmmm"
I stood up, my hard on also standing up and held my hand out to Ellie to help her up. It was strange but invigorating walking from the blanket up to the car totally naked, I hadn't thought of it when we were having sex a few minutes ago, but I felt a shy thrill walking hand in hand naked with my erect cock bouncing up and down with each step to the car.
We got to the car just in time to crouch and hide behind it as we heard another car approaching and then saw it drive by. An even bigger thrill at nearly getting caught. Ellie asked trying not to laugh "Oh my god, do you think they would have seen us?"
We stood up and I said, "I'm not sure, but I am sure I want to do this."
I turned her around, so she was facing the boot of our car and eased her shoulders down. Ellie said in a low voice as she wiggled her curvaceous butt at me "Take me baby, fuck me now."
She leaned as far forward as she could, and I pulled the bottom of her cheeks up and spread them. I moved into her, and my cock head immediately found her wet begging pussy. I rammed her hard, and fast, alternating grabbing her hips, squeezing and slapping her wobbling ass. Ellie usually doesn't talk much during sex, but in the thrill of the moment she was repeatedly saying, panting expressions like "oh yes babe, fuck me, fuck me harder, oh ram me good honey".
I tensed up and felt I was about to cum. Ellie also sensed it as she often does in those last moments before I cum and she said, "I want it deep inside, fuck your little slut."
I pushed up hard against her as ropes of cum exploded deep inside her soaking wet pussy. I leaned against her hugging her for a few minutes as we both caught our breath, telling each other we lived each other and discussing how hot that had been. I took my hands away from her and then I slowly pulled my cock out, dragging our combined mess out as I withdrew. Ellie started to stand up away from the car boot.
"Oh fuck!" Ellie suddenly gasped and put one hand to her mouth and the other arm and hand over her exposed breasts. I looked up and a split second after she had said it, I understood what the expletive was for. The car that had driven past as we got to our car was parked up at the road. The window was down, and I could make out a man's face leaning over from the driver's side and a womans face sitting in the passenger side. "Oh fuck" I replied to Ellie.
Neither of us had noticed the car pull up while we were deep in the throes of our outdoor live making session. We had unknowingly had an audience, potentially for the past 5 to 10 minutes.
"Oh god, what do we do?" Ellie asked in a combination of maybe 20% thrill and 80% panic at having been caught well and truly.
All I could think to do was give them a little wave. After a few seconds They both waved back. We waited for what seemed an eternity (and in reality, was probably the space of 2 minutes) but they did not drive off, and our clothes were back down the hill on the blanket.
"You stay here, and I'll go get our clothes." I said to Ellie to save her further embarrassment.
Had it been a group of men I might have told Ellie to just jump in the car naked and we would have raced off out of there, but I figured it was just a couple who would be harmless and just wanted to have a perve. Off I walked down the hill a little way, my cock and groin covered, dripping with cum and pussy juice. I turned to check that the couple hadn't got out of the car and was relieved that they hadn't. In a flash my pants were back on, and I scooped up Ellies clothes. As I walked back up to my naked Ellie, part of me was still in thrill mode from being caught naked and having sex in the open, part of me was pissed off that the couple had doubled back and watched us fuck without invitation, and part of me was hoping they would get out of their car and begin a conversation with us. I got the clothes back to Ellie, and the threw her top on quickly without worrying about her bra. At this point the car beeped two farewell toots in rapid succession, and we watched it drive away with the lady in the passenger seat waving goodbye to us.
"Well that certainly got the heart racing." I commented to Ellie who was now slipping that damp blue G-string back on.
"That was sort of hot having them watch." she replied with a devilish grin. I knew when she said, "We should do it again now." that she didn't intend to, as she was now bending down to grab her skirt.
She finished dressing except for her bra which she threw in the back seat of the car. I went and grabbed the blanket and made sure we hadn't forgotten anything, and we jumped into the car and started to make our way home.
Stay tuned for part 2