It was a few days later when Madison received her latest message from her blackmailer - and this one was different from the rest.
"Madison," he began, "I can see the way you act when you're aroused. The more aroused you get, the more of a slut you become. Also, I'm sure the longer you go without an orgasm, the more desperate you become. And besides, I will be very busy in the coming weeks, taking a long vacation and so forth, so I will not be around much to give you tasks to do or to watch the results.
So this is what I would like you to do. Today is June 30. Starting tonight at midnight, you will go one month without a single orgasm. I hope you are so depraved and desperate that you will step up your game when I return. I will not contact you until August 1. Of course, have as much sex as you want and post all the videos and pictures you like - but no orgasms. Besides, time off from cumming would do you some good. You need to learn to realize your place in this world. If you're truly as much of a slut as you say you are, your place is to provide pleasure to others, and you will best be able to do that if you're not as focused on your own pleasure. So next time you feel like you want to cum, just simply remind yourself that you don't deserve it, that you are just a plaything."
So good luck, and I'll be in touch in August.
"Holy fucking shit," Madison said softly to herself. "A whole month without a single orgasm?!" The thought sounded crazy. Usually she had an orgasm every day - the longest she had gone without one in the last couple of years might have been four or five days - not even close to a whole month, and at the end of the four or five days she had been horny enough that she would have agreed to a gangbang by a hundred men in front of an audience of a thousand.
"Do I really have to?" She thought. "I mean, would he ever really know if I just said forget it and cheat, every once in a while, anyway?" Then she read the part again about being depraved when he returned, and she knew he would at least have an idea if he didn't return to a fully willing, self-debasing, raunchy, wanton little slut.
"No, he's right," Madison thought to herself with a sigh. "I am always so horny when I haven't gotten off in a while. And I always turn into a super slut. And I always do something really crazy and have the best orgasm. And I really do have to learn that my place is to please others - starting now. Isn't that why I turned into a slut in the first place?"
She knew it was going to be hard, but with a sigh, Madison committed to keeping herself from having a single orgasm until August. And with that, she went to a drawer and pulled out a pair of scissors. Standing in front of her mirror, she quickly chopped off the bottom half of her college T-shirt. "There," she said. "Now they can all look at me like they deserve. My body, for the pleasure of others." Looking at herself, she could see that at least eight inches of pure, sexy, twenty-two year old midriff was completely exposed. She put on her running shoes and looked in the mirror. "Got to keep this body in shape so I can be as much pleasure to others as possible," she said to her reflection, and then just like that, she went out for a run, making sure to notice any time someone checked her out.
That day was easy, overall, and the next day was a little tougher but manageable. But as the days went on, as had happened in the past, Madison became more sex-starved and sex-crazed by the day. By Independence Day, Madison was ready for a dozen complete strangers to mercilessly run a train on her. She went out to a fireworks show braless with a tiny white top on and her ass plugged and was so horny she almost hoped some guy would drag her into the woods and force her legs apart and use her against her will just so she would have an excuse for having an orgasm. Certainly her blackmailer would understand if she was raped, no?
The next day, Madison went to a grocery store to pick up a few things, and for the occasion, she wore a loose, extremely low-cut top with no bra so that every time she bent over her breasts were completely visible by looking down her shirt. She made sure to give a show to lots of men. Her daily runs became more of an exercise in teasing men than exercise for her body. On July 3, she was down to a sports bra and a pair of compression shorts. By July 6, she was in a homemade cutoff tank top that barely covered her breasts - braless again. And she couldn't actually do much running because her breasts bounced too much, but then again, by that point it wasn't about the exercise.
After her run that day she went for a drive wearing nothing but a bikini top and a skirt, and she made sure to pull the top to the side and give the truckers and any other onlookers a show, sometimes for minutes at a time. And during all this, Madison softly stroked her pussy every couple of minutes, wishing, wanting, craving just one measly orgasm.
"God, this is making me so horny," she said one morning. She hadn't even left her bed yet and already she had her hand in her pajama shorts, stroking her creamy, wet slit. "He was right, I do turn into a slut when I'm not allowed to cum."
Madison thought about seriously finding a guy to blow. Just find someone on Tinder or even Facebook and show up somewhere, get in his car, suck his dick and swallow and leave. It seemed so satisfying, but she knew it would be no release, it would just make her even more needy. So all she could do was wait, and figure out how the day's events would allow her to at least satisfy some of her cravings, even if she knew she would be left waiting, wanting, dripping wet. "God, I think I would do anything to cum - no matter how insane it is," she thought. She stroked her pussy and fantasized about showing up at a mall with "gangbang me" written on her and stripping naked and walking from one end to the other. But of course, she couldn't actually do that! So what was she going to do?
Madison thought for several minutes, lightly stroking her clit but not intensely enough to get close to orgasm, just enough to keep her aroused. After a few minutes, she sighed. "This really sucks," she said out loud. "I want to cum, like - so bad!"
She decided to go for a run to take her mind off of things. "An actual run," she said to herself. "Not a braless run where I'm really just using it as an excuse to show off my tits. I need to get my mind off of sex."
But as she put on a tank top and running shorts, she thought about what her blackmailer said about her purpose being to serve others, not to please herself. She looked at herself in the mirror after she laced up her shoes. "Damn it," she said. "This isn't doing a very good job of pleasing anyone, is it - I mean, I know - as someone who sometimes plays around with girls - when I see a hot girl running but she's all covered up I'm really disappointed. This isn't going to cut it."
Madison settled for taking out her scissors and chopping off the majority of her tank top, so that its bottom edge was even with the bottom of her sports bra. "There," she said. "I'm showing as much as I realistically can for an actual run, I think."
She stopped and looked at herself. She really was attracted to the sight of her own naked body - her own sluttiness. Madison had more than realized that her own slutty behavior completely aroused her - it was probably the side of her that was attracted to girls. And not just any girls, but filthy, dirty sluts most of all.
"You know," she said as she touched her pussy through her shorts, "I should - like - I should chop off all my shirts. Like, every last one. Donate the ones I'm not willing to cut in half. Like - get rid of any jackets, coats, cardigans, anything slightly modest. I'd be forcing myself to always have my whole belly on full display, whether I wanted to show it or not."
"But like - I'm not sure what I'd ever wear in front of my parents, or my old high school friends, and - ohhhhh, God, what would my professors and classmates think of me then?
"I mean - in a perfect world I would just do it. Just say fuck it and force myself to look trashy one hundred percent of the time. Show my parents, my friends what I really am. Be a complete and total slut. I'd be so embarrassed - my family would be so ashamed of me. But secretly I would love it."
Madison realized she had worked up a wet spot in her shorts, so she sighed again, realizing how much denial was killing her. She pulled down her shorts, slid off her panties, put her shorts back on and stepped out the door.
Her run was rather uneventful. The breeze blowing up her shorts felt nice, and she really did mostly forget all about her sexual desires for the better part of an hour while she was out. There were guys checking her out, of course, but she tried to focus on keeping her body in shape for whoever wound up using her in the months to come.
However, all of her feelings came rushing back when she got home and stepped into the shower. Just the sight and touch of her own naked body sent shivers down her spine. She just couldn't take it any more - all she could think about was sex! Every waking moment it seemed was trounced with sexual urges and desire. How was she ever going to keep this up for - gasp - twenty four more days?!
When she got out of the shower, Madison dried herself but did not put on any clothes, she just sat in bed naked. It was all she could do to keep from getting on Tinder and finding some random cock to suck. "God, it's only noon," she muttered. "And I don't even have to work today." It was one thing that seemed to somehow distract her enough that she could manage to kill a few hours without being in constant danger of losing control of her body.
Slowly, she got up and flipped open her computer, hoping to find something to entertain her. But of course, her mind kept drifting off to sexual thoughts. "I know I can't look at porn," she said. "I'd cum in half a second." She stared at her screen, hoping something would distract her.
Something on her computer screen caught her eye, however. It was a folder of the photos she had initially uploaded to the porn site - she had saved the folder to her desktop, wondering if anyone would ever happen across it if they borrowed her computer. Of course, nobody had ever asked to borrow it, but Madison started to get curious about how far her online exposure had gone.
She brought up her search engine and typed in "Madison Holt." But all that came up were a couple of articles and a picture of her in her graduation gown, which make her snicker in delight thinking about what she was wearing underneath of it when that picture was taken, and what she had gotten into that day. "I almost got busted," she thought.
Next she tried "Webslut Madison." Nothing. And on she went until she sighed in disappointment.
"Maybe it's a good thing I never really got what I begged for," she thought. "After all, I'd be completely ruined." But yet she couldn't shake the thought about what life would be like if it had happened. "And didn't I say I need to stop sleeping around and start playing online more?" She thought.
Madison got up and went to make lunch - names of course - but she couldn't get the yearn for exposure out of her head. It was like a worm had crawled into her brain and began to eat, growing and growing until it took over her body and mind completely. Madison ate her lunch nude in her living room, feeling that she didn't much deserve clothes, and then went and laid down at her bed. All she could think about was being completely ruined.
"Ohhhhhh," she moaned as she softly stroked her pussy. "I'm so fucking horny. I need it so bad - to be her - to be completely exposed - to be Webslut Madison. Ohhhhh, I'm too horny to stop myself. God, mmmhmmm, oh fuck!" She moaned. "I need to ruin myself completely, the thought just - like - ohhhh, the thought just turns me on so much! I don't care what happens to me, I just want to be an exposed, ruined little slut!"
Madison knew already that, despite her previous reservations, she was going to go through with it. She was going to make sure she got what she craved. Madison was too desperate, too controlled by desire and arousal to be able to say no to herself. Although she had wondered in the past why her videos never seemed to go viral, why she had never been truly exposed - after all, she had given her blackmailer plenty of material - she no longer so much as cared. "If nobody else is going to expose me, I'm going to do it to myself," she said at last. But she knew she needed a plan - a good plan - to ensure that her exposure would be widespread, her humiliation extreme, her ruination constant and complete, and her consequences irreversible.
So Madison laid on her bed, thinking aloud, softly stroking her clit, heightening her arousal but not risking having an orgasm, as she planned her fate.
"I could just do it now - post it all," she said. "The thing is, there's so much more I could do - and explain - and write on myself," she said. "I think I need to make some more videos. One to re-explain, and a few to write on my body - maybe one of me slapping myself to bruises and tears, ohhhh!" The thought got her a little closer to orgasm, so she backed off momentarily, then began stroking again.
"But it's really hard to wash off the writing," she thought. "Or else i'd just do them back to back and post it all and watch my world fall apart. No, I mean - the permanent marker is great but it's a bitch to wash off so I can write something else. Lipstick is hot but you really have to scrub and then it gets me all red and - no, I'd still have to wait till the next day. And washable marker just runs everywhere."
"On the other hand, I can't wait until August to post it all. I like - I know I'll be too horny to take it down before then, but who knows - after I can cum again I might not be as turned on all the time and I don't know if I'll have the courage to do it."
This, of course, made her wonder if it was all just a horrible idea in the first place. She very briefly thought about all she had to lose - her bright future as a teacher, a chance at a stable job, maybe even marriage and a family - shit, her own family, her parents - they would be so mortified if they ever found out. Her friends would either try to save her or desert her.
"No," she said to herself. "I want this too much. I've fantasized about it for too long and honestly, I don't care how ruined I get - actually I do - I hope I lose it all, ohhhhh god!" She clamped down on her clit as she revealed her innermost desires and came close to cumming - too close - but a moment later she had settled down and was back to making a rational, if completely insane, plan.
"I think I need a week," she thought. "A week before I am allowed to cum. In a week I can get reposted so many times. I just have to post across different sites and post entries for people to see where I beg to be exposed and ruined. I'll have a week to make sure I completely lose control - meaning it's all been spread around and reposted so many times I could never get it erased - and then, even if I back out and delete everything, I will be the internet's little plaything forever. And then when I google my own name I will see nothing but me, acting like a total slut."
"And in the meantime I can do more videos - one a day, maybe, just a couple minutes - except I think the one of me slapping myself should go on for a half hour, I need to really, really like - hurt and abuse myself ohhhhh!" She almost came again as she said this and had to back off again for a moment.
"That's it. One video a day, starting today. I save them and I post them all - and everything I've done up until now - on July 23. Then for a week I beg for everyone to spread them around while I'm at my absolute horniest. I'll probably even like - get so horny I'll beg for the worst - like beg to be exposed in really stupid and risky places. And then I'll never be able to take it back."
Madison smiled at the thought. She knew she would eventually regret it big time, but she was too turned on by herself to care. "I'm committed to living as a slut from here on," she said. "And I think that means I have to cut up my clothes too. Maybe not now, maybe let things play out and see what happens, but let's set a date."
"Maybe New Year's Day. After this year, I'll make sure my wardrobe is just trashy clothes and that's it. I mean I'm never going to be a teacher, so I know I don't need anything resembling professional clothing, and if I do, I'll buy it for an interview or something - like a professional-looking mini skirt and a low-cut blouse, so I can keep it trashy too - or I'll buy something if I visit my parents - and then I'll cut it in half or toss it out. Rules are rules. Hmmmm, maybe I could ask some strangers on the internet for a bunch of ridiculous rules too - like having to go to class with my ass plugged, or having to flash my tits to five people a day, or suck off guys for two dollars, ohhhhh!" Madison had to stop rubbing herself again as she almost came for the third time in five minutes. But this time, she didn't simply go back to caressing her pussy - it was time to execute her plan.
Madison woke her computer up from its slumber before realizing that her phone had a better camera. She set it on its perch near her bed and turned on its video recording feature and sat down.
"Hi, um - ok - so I'm Madison," she began. "Madison Holt actually. I'm, um - I'm making this little video because - I just like, want to explain a few things and basically, umm - ask you all to do me a huge favor. And that's to basically, like - repost me everywhere, completely expose me, show me to your friends and basically ruin me," she said nervously.
"I've been like - fantasizing about this for months, maybe even a year now, and it hasn't happened yet, and I mean - It all started with this - I did a dare where I could wind up completely exposed or basically just naked without a lot of risk. And the first time I won, or - sort of lost - like, it was pretty tame. And then the second time it was a lot worse, and I thought I was fucked. But it turned out nobody really spread me around, the way I wanted, the way I deserved, ohhhh!" She looked down and realized she had spread her legs open and started stroking her pussy again.
"See? You can see how turned on this gets me," she said, giggling. "So somebody got all my info and started forcing me to go out and behave like a complete slut - which was fun, but like - not nearly far enough for me. And then he - ohhhh, he told me I can't cum until August. It's July 7 now, it's been a week already and I'm like - losing my mind as you can see, and it's just going to get worse."
"But I really want it this time - I'm serious, like, no going back, permanent, complete exposure. So this is what I'm going to do. Every day from now until July 23 I'm going to make a video. I'm not going to post them yet but on July 23 I'm going to post everything - so if you're watching this it's at least July 23 - I'm going to write on my body and humiliate myself and beg for the worst things to happen to me."
"Like, I - I know I shouldn't want this but, ohhhhh," I just don't care," she said, stroking her pussy. "It turns me on too much. And I want there to basically be no way for me to chicken out. So I'm picking July 23 because that will give you all a week to ruin me and make it permanent before I am allowed to cum. Like, I'm afraid I will - if I cum, and like - get the release from this - like, I'll just take everything down and then I won't get what I need, ohhhh!"
"So no going back, no chickening our, because I'm going to crave complete exposure as a web slut from July 23 until August 1st. And in the meantime I get to make new videos and make it more humiliating when it happens."
"Ohhhh, God, I want to be humiliated," she said as she stroked her pussy. "I want it worse than it has ever been. I'll show you guys, I promise, ohhhh! And I'll tell you all the slutty things I've done, that way when everybody I know sees my videos, they'll know what a slut I really am, ohhhh!" She stroked her pussy especially hard and started to get close to orgasm, so she stopped for a moment before continuing.
"So I like - that's what I'm doing here and so this is like - what I want to happen. I want you to take my pictures, take my videos, pass them around. Repost them on every web site in existence. And I want you to put all my personal information with them."
"Like this information, I like - ohhhh, God this is going to ruin me - like ruin my entire life - but I want it so bad I don't care, I just - I just want to be exposed as a slut, I, ohhhh! I'm Madison Holt, I'm 22, I'm from Naperville Illinois. I am in school to be a teacher but I - Iike - I want you to make it so I can't ever teach. And I want to wake up on August first and I want to google my own name, Madison Holt, and see nothing but myself naked and acting like a slut, that way - ohhhh, yes - that way if anybody like - looks me up for a job interview or like - wants to know what their old friend Madison is doing, ohhhh, they'll just see me as a humiliated slut, ohhhh!"
Madison couldn't stop herself. "See what this does to me, ohhhhh, see how turned on it gets me? That's how you know I mean it. I mean it, I'm a fucking slut. I'm just a toy to use. My life is just a joke for you guys to use for your pleasure, ohhhh, that's right, I want this, I want to ruin my own future just to make you cum, ohhhh - and make me cum too, I want to like - be forced to live as a slut forever, ohhhh! I'm so close to cumming but I can't!"
Madison laid back on her bed for a minute, collecting her thoughts, taking a break so she wouldn't cum.
She sat up and started talking again. "I'm basically going to be touching myself nonstop but not letting myself cum, like - for the next three plus weeks. This sucks. But like - I want you to promise, when you see this, you'll give me what I want, what I need - what I deserve. Expose me everywhere. I want to be totally, like, completely humiliated. See how much it turns me on? That's how you know I really am just a dumb little slut. Please? Please expose me for all to see?"
"So I, like - I think I'm going to - like I showered an hour ago and I haven't even put on clothes yet. I honestly feel like I don't deserve clothes, like - if I'm going to be exposed I should be constantly reminded of what I am. So as long as my roommate isn't here, or I'm in my bedroom alone - no clothes for me. And when I go out or when my roommate is here, like - I'm going to make myself dress like - really skimpy, slutty - just to remind myself I'm just a little exposed, shown off slut, okay?
"Mmmmm," Madison said, caressing her nipples, then pinching them. "It makes me like - so turned on to show my body off to everybody I can, ohhhh, you have no idea how much I love this, ohhhh!"
Madison laid back on her bed again to cool off before standing up. "So here I am, naked for you. Remember, Madison Holt, 22, Naperville. Exposure slut. Webslut Madison. And here's my naked body for you." She stood up, showing her body to the camera. "I know I'm like - like - a normal looking, fit, attractive girl and I could have a normal life, but I would rather expose myself."
Madison lingered for the better part of a minute, just showing off her body, caressing her curves, pinching her nipples. "Okay, I really have to turn this off, just because I like - if I keep doing this I'm not going to be able to keep myself from cumming. So I'll see you tomorrow and I'll write something dirty on myself. Love you guys, and thank you for giving me what I need!"
With that, Madison turned off the video. "Wow, I'm really doing this," she thought. Her roommate was out for the day, so she went into the living room to watch some television - completely naked, of course.
The rest of that day, Madison lounged around daydreaming. She was unbelievably excited. She knew she was acting crazy, even insane, but she knew she was actually going to ensure she got what she asked for this time. "I'm going to put too much effort into this to back out," she thought.
The next day was a work day, which made it slightly easier to forget about her sexual needs for a while. Of course, that didn't stop her from wearing a tight top that showed half her stomach with a short skirt - and of course, no panties - at work that day. Hannah was off that day, which Madison found to be a relief, because she was worried Shawn would try to fuck them both again the next time they worked together, and she didn't think she could keep herself from cumming or successfully explain to Shawn why she had no interest in an orgasm.
But overall, it wasn't as bad of a day. She went running in the morning in another cutoff T-shirt, and other than that and a couple minor incidents at work, she was mostly successful in keeping her mind off of sex until she got home. Her roommate was gone, staying with her boyfriend - where she always seemed to be these days - and Madison knew in a couple days she would be leaving for the remainder of the summer. So, she stripped down to her bare skin and set about planning the day's exposure video.
"What do I want to write?" She thought as she stood in front of her mirror with a marker. "How about I just ask for what I want," she thought. She uncapped the marker, and her heart began to beat faster as she touched it to her skin, slowly and carefully writing out the letters to "PLEASE EXPOSE ME" in large letters between her breasts and navel.
Madison then got out her phone - she seemed to lose it more often than usual when she was naked, after all, which she chalked up to a lack of a place to put it - and started recording herself.
"Hi, um - so this is Madison again, I - um - well, today is July 8, and I like - I'm still definitely going to be posting myself, like - all my videos and pictures and, so - yeah," she began. "So today I wrote this on myself. It says please expose me," she said.
"And that's because this is what I want. It's what I crave. My little slut pussy needs it. I can't stop thinking about it, ohhhh," she said as she started to stroke her pussy. "I still can't cum but God, all I think about is being exposed on every web site with my name and everything. I'm Madison Holt, I'm from Naperville, Illinois, and I want to be exposed everywhere."
"Ohhhh, god yes," she said, stroking her pussy. "Please do this to me. Please expose me. It's really me, Madison Holt, just an average everyday 22 year old American girl, except I want to be naked all over the web, and I want to be famous for it, it makes me so horny, ohhhh!"
"Make me keep going, guys. Make me humiliate and ruin myself. And please help me, ohhhh, I need it, I want it, I deserve it, I'm a slut! Please, please, please, I like - I'm begging all of you - don't like, just watch me and jerk your cock, like - save all my videos, show me to your friends, and post them on every website. I want to be nothing more than an exposed little Webslut. Can you help me get what I want? Please, please expose me, spread me around, make me keep going. Make me humiliate myself. It really really makes me like, I cum so hard when I'm humiliated and embarrassed! I like, oh god, I need to - like - be the biggest shown off little slut!"
"Ohhhhh I want to cum so bad thinking about all the horrible things you guys are going to do to me. Like it says, please expose me, I'm like - begging you. I'm literally begging for it. Please give me what I want. Guys it's really me, nobody is making me do this I'm just - I'm like - doing it to myself, I'm like - ohhhhh, I'm choosing this - like - to be exposed and ruined, ohhhh - it's me, I'm doing it to myself because I'm such a filthy slut!"
"it's too bad I can't cum, I'm so close, but I have twenty four more days to go. I don't deserve to cum, I'm just here to make you cum. Won't you give me what I want? Please? I mean it. I'm serious. God, how can I prove how bad I really want this?"
Madison got up and went to her purse and pulled out her drivers license and quickly took a sticky note and covered up the address and showed it to the camera. "Here, does this help? Madison Kendall Holt, Naperville. See? It's really me. That's my real name."
Madison sat back and smiled at her accomplishment. "Maybe I'll think of more ways to prove I really want this," she said. "Maybe tomorrow, or another day. Like I said yesterday, I'm making one a day until I'm fully exposed."
"And seriously, guys - thank you all for helping me with this. I'm yours. Your little slut." Madison blew a kiss to the camera and turned it off.
She was restless for the rest of the day. Not only was she completely nude, she now had "please expose me" written on her body and could not stop thinking about sex. She took a shower, hoping to wash off some of the writing just to prepare for the next day. It was difficult to say the least, and she realized that perhaps lipstick would be a better idea.
Madison was walking around her apartment, pacing really, later that evening. She strutted back and forth, looking at her body in the mirror, when she realized her strut and appeal would be heightened if she was wearing high heels.
So she went to her closet and pulled out her highest heels, a pair of black five-inch stilettos made just for sex appeal. She put them on and strutted back and forth and looked at her body. "Damn, you slut," she said to herself. It was almost as if she became another person - a mistress of sorts - ordering her other half, her subservient half, and imposing rules on her as she spoke.
"You know what, slut?" She said to herself. "New rule. You must wear high heels and be otherwise naked at all times you are home alone. Sound good?"
"Yes, I am a slut and I will do as you say," her other half replied. She followed through, even sleeping in the shoes. Madison dreamt about being tied down to the bed, face down, and fucked repeatedly on camera for all to see. "Maybe someday, that's what I will be. That will be my life," she thought.
Of course, Madison did not sleep well. She was far too aroused, and it was becoming something of a nightly issue for her now, as her denial was starting to mess with her head. She could tell she was going insane and she made no effort to stop it.
It seemed that she woke up every hour, needing, waiting, wanting to be used, but all she could do was softly stroke her pussy until she got tired enough to drift back to sleep.
She woke up in the morning and decided to go for a run again. Running and working seemed to be the only things remotely getting her through her denial. Of course, she thought about sex, and she got aroused doing those things, but not nearly as badly or as often as when she sat around the apartment nude, teasing herself, or when she was making videos to post online.
For this run she chose a pair of tight workout pants - no panties again - and a sleeveless shirt that she cropped, cut in half, and tied in the front so that it covered as little as possible. She cut the back out so that the shirt was just two little strips of cloth, one around her neck and one around her mid-back. And then she ran around, bent over to tie her shoes, and more, desperate to put on a show.
When she got back, she jumped in the shower, an experience as erotic as it was purposeful. At least she was able to scrub off the remnants of the marker - then she gasped as she realized that if anyone was looking closely enough and long enough, they could potentially have seen what she wrote on herself the evening before. She emerged and strapped her stillettos on her feet and wondered how she was going to spend the rest of her day - it wasn't even noon yet.
She sat down on her couch, spread-eagle. After all, a slut like her should always be spread, she reasoned. After some time, she walked to her window, hoping and praying that someone might walk by and see her body. But nobody came. Madison made lunch and watched some television - or probably more frequently, just stared at her exposed pussy, wishing someone would come and use her, wishing she could have just one measly orgasm.
Around mid-afternoon, she arose and went into the bedroom. It was time to make today's video, she had decided. She got out her lipstick and wrote on her body. "What should I write today?" She wondered. "I'm so desperate and - I need it now more than ever," she thought. Slowly, she watched in the mirror as she spelled out "RUIN MY LIFE" in large letters on her chest and stomach, then flipped on her camera and started shooting the video.
"Hi, it's Madison again. Today is July 9, so this is my third video and it's twenty three days until I can cum. I actually just realized - I'm kind of excited because it's just two weeks until I completely expose myself forever. Just two weeks left of being the Madison Holt everybody has known, and then after that I'll be Webslut Madison forever and Madison Holt will just be an internet meme - a name that is synonymous with total slut."
"So this is what I wrote today - ruin my life. That's it. Because I'm doing this to myself knowing I'll never be a teacher a day in my life. I'll never be normal again. All the good guys will call me a slut and run away. I'll lose my friends, maybe my family. And I choose this, guys, I like - I want my life completely turned upside down. I want my, like - ohhhh, I want my reputation ruined!" She moaned as she started to touch her pussy.
"Please help me? Like - please help me ruin my own life and my own reputation, ohhhhh God I'm just a whore! Please, please, I want to ruin myself - like, ohhhh, completely ruin my own life and, like - my reputation - my future - like - God, my future should be being like - oh my god like - somebody tie me up and livestream me taking cock after cock - and eating pussy, eating ass - oh my God I want that - I want to be a fuck toy, I want to be humiliated!"
Madison started stroking her pussy heavily. "See what this does to me? See what it does to a slut like me? See how much I like - literally like - want my life to be fucking ruined? I don't care about it. I don't care about my life or my future anymore, and you shouldn't either. I just want to be a slut!"
"Please, I'm begging you, please, please listen to me! Please help a horny girl out, I mean it, I promise! I'll cum over and over to this, mmmmm!" Madison slipped her soaking wet fingers out of her pussy and licked them sensually for the camera. "Like - just tie me up and give me orgasm after orgasm. Make me - make me do - disgusting things - humiliating things - I want to spend the rest of my life chained up and exposed 24/7 until I die, I don't want to be a teacher. Take me. Take me and hold me captive, I'm too much of a slut to get a job and provide for myself. Make me a public plaything. Please, I'm desperate, I need all of this!"
"See? See how wet I get thinking about being such a slut I ruin my own life just to get off? See how dripping wet and worthless I am?"
"Thank you. Thank you for giving me what I need. I know I like - sound insane and you're probably wondering why an attractive young girl would want this kind of life but - I'm addicted to it. I know what I'm doing and what I'm asking for. I know what the consequences are. I have the guts to accept them and I willingly ask for this. Do you have the guts to help me? To expose and ruin me? If you do, I'll never stop thanking you - like - with my slutty little body."
Madison blew a kiss to the camera and turned it off. She laid back on her bed, unable to stop her fantasies.
Over the next couple of days, Madison found herself doing more of the same. She went to work in a skimpy outfit, reluctantly talked her way out of fucking her boss again, and went for a run. She made a video on July 10, much like the ones before, with "Webslut Madison For Life" written on her body, and the next day, she made yet another after writing "Make Me Regret This."
By July 12, she was getting even more desperate. She took some photos and posted them online - nude, of course - just to get her juices flowing and get that exposure feeling back. She went to a park in a bikini top and skirt and showed her tits to a complete stranger, just to get a rush out of it.
And then she made a video. This time, she wrote on her body "JUST A SET OF HOLES" and flipped on her camera.
"Hi guys," she began. "I'm Madison again. Now it's July 12 - just eleven days until I post it all and ruin myself!" She said excitedly. "And today, I decided to degrade myself by writing just a set of holes on my body."
"Why? Because that's all I am. I don't even want to be thought of as a person anymore. I'm just a pussy, an ass, and a mouth. And you know what? I don't even own my own body. It isn't mine. It's for all of you, to be your plaything, to use as you wish, mmmmm!" She was already stroking herself again.
"These are my holes," she said - "I mean - these are holes - they aren't mine after all. So I want to show you up close. Let you see them, inspect them. Display them for you." She slowly adjusted the camera to give a close-up of her pussy.
"This is a pussy for you," she said. "Do with it as you wish. You can fuck it, finger it, expose it, pass it around, ohhhh! Yes! Fist it. Double fist it. Spread it open and ruin it. Hurt it. Beat it. Spit on it. It doesn't belong to me and I have no say in what happens to it." Madison slowly stroked it as she let the camera show her pussy for the better part of a minute, spreading it, opening it, and stroking it before pulling her hand away and just letting the viewer ogle it. "I just want to keep showing it because I - I like - I need to feel like I'm permanently on display," she explained. "It feels so good to just open my body up for exposure - for viewing," she explained.
Madison flipped over and showed a close-up of her asshole to the camera. "This is an asshole," she explained. "It can be used for brutal fucking, fingered, fisted, and exposed. Shove huge objects in there. Make me taste it. Use it however you like." Madison submissively arched her back and spread her cheeks and allowed the viewer a good long look at her ass. "Gape it, ruin it. It doesn't belong to me anymore."
Then, after at least a minute of just spreading her ass open, Madison put the camera in front of her face. "This is a mouth," she began. "Use it for face fucking, throat fucking. Pussy eating, cock sucking, ass licking. Slap this face. Force huge dildos in it. Spit in it. Gag it. Feed it cum. Make it say disgusting, degrading things about the slut who used to own it. I don't even own my own mouth anymore. So what will you do with it?" Madison opened wide and showed the inside of her mouth to the camera for the better part of a minute.
"That's me - just a set of holes. A pussy, an ass, and a mouth to use. That's all I am. So do whatever you want with me - just please, make it humiliating. Make it degrading. Make me regret becoming a play toy. And of course, capture it all on video so you can keep exposing me, all over the internet! Ohhhhh, yes, it gets me so wet to be exposed!"
"So will you humiliate me so I can never take it back?" She blew a kiss to the camera and thanked it, and turned it off.
Madison just got more depraved from there. On the 13th, she wrote "worthless slut for exposure" on her body and stroked her pussy while she commented repeatedly on how worthless she was. On the 14th, she wrote $2 whore on her tits again and explained to the viewers her fantasy of having to take fifty different cocks every single day in order to make enough money to live on. The day after that she was back to craving web exposure, writing "make me famous" on her stomach and begging to be exposed all over.
During this time, as she made her daily preparations for self-ruination, Madison didn't really think much about whether this was something she actually wanted to go through with. As she looked back later, she realized this was probably because the exposure just wasn't that imminent - her date for posting everything was still over a week away.
Over the next few days, Madison continued to make her videos. One day she wrote "find me on Facebook" on her body, daring viewers to cross the line between the Madison her fans and followers knew, and the Madison her friends and family knew. Once she wrote "Humiliate me. Expose me. It makes me cum" on herself. And she kept becoming more and more wanton and willing, and less able to suppress her sexual urges.
By July 19, four days before her exposure, she was a dripping mess even at work. She couldn't go a mere minute without her mind wandering, creating sexual fantasies out of even the most mundane of situations. She wanted the guy pumping gas next to her to take her in the bathroom and force his cock in her ass. She looked at the middle-aged cashier at the grocery store and wanted to eat her pussy. And she wanted everyone to look at her body. At that point it had been a week since she wore a shred of clothing at home, other than her heels of course. She even began tying her feet together at night, sleeping that way - what little sleep she was able to manage - just to feel some semblance of being used.
But on July 19, Madison decided that her videos needed to kick it up a notch - and after work that day, she sat down with three dildos, completely nude except for her heels, and turned on her camera.
"Hi, um - it's me, Madison Holt again. I like - so this is the thirteenth daily video I've made - four more to go and I'm done. I'll be an exposed Webslut, hopefully, anyway. But today you'll notice I didn't write anything on my body. That's because I've, like - I've been craving like - more humiliation. I've been so horny lately. I haven't cum in three weeks almost and that's like - that's a record for me, it's not even close. So this is what I'm going to do."
"I have three dildos here - the first is kind of a smaller one, about the size of an average penis. About six images long, and like - you know - penis size. The second one is about ten or twelve inches, maybe? And it's fat. Like what is that, two inches across maybe? And the third one - it's not as far but it's long. Like a foot and a half long."
"So today, to humiliate myself for you, I'm going to deep throat these dildos. I'm basically going to see if I can like - throatfuck myself, like - destroy my throat. I'll gag but I'll keep going. My goal is basically to go until I literally can't take it any more, and then force myself to make it even worse. Ohhhhh," she said, running her clit. "It makes me so turned on to do this to myself."
"So I - I've deepthroated dildos before, and I love it, and it's - it's because, like - when you do it to a guy, to his cock, you're giving him pleasure, that's one of the reasons you do it. But when you do it to a dildo, the dildo doesn't feel any pleasure. So it's obviously, like - oh my god, this sounds so stupid - but it's like this - the only reason a girl would ever deepthroat a dildo and wreck her throat is because she just likes having her throat wrecked. And it just - like - I know you guys will like watching it but - you won't be able to feel it, like - I'm just a slut and I'm doing this because it gives me pleasure, it turns me on to do, like - to make myself suffer, I guess."
"Mmmmmhmmmm," Madison moaned. "Are you ready to watch me make myself suffer?" She said seductively. "To humiliate and degrade myself? I want you to watch. I want you to like it. And I want you to expose me." Madison rubbed her clit, holding her fingers to the camera after, making sure the viewer could see her glistening wetness. "See how wet it makes me to do this?" She teased.
"Okay, so - this one is pretty much a warm up," she said, starting with the smallest toy. She opened her mouth and took it in slowly, her lips caressing its shaft as she did so. Quickly she worked it into her mouth until she had its entire length inside. "Mmmmm," she moaned. She opened her mouth and rammed it in, back and forth, back and forth, but she didn't even so much as gag or cough.
After about a minute of this, she stopped. "Okay, good warmup - but if I want to wreck my throat, I need something bigger." She next took the fat, foot long dildo out and pressed it to her lips. She spit on it, licked its head teasingly, and sucked the first three or for inches for the better part of a minute, moaning as she did so.
And then, Madison leaned back and opened her mouth wide. She slowly but forcefully pushed the dildo in - soon half had disappeared, and then three quarters - and then she opened wider before choking on it.
"Mmmm," she moaned, pulling it out. "I'm a dirty little slut. Now watch me wreck my throat." Madison opened wide and forced it back, a little faster, until she choked and coughed again. She swallowed her saliva as she pulled it out, drooling on it, before opening her mouth again.
This time, she did not allow herself to stop as fast. She pushed it in quickly, ramming it against the back of her throat. Coughing, she lurched forward, her eyes practically on top of the camera.she forced it deeper, coughing again, as her eyes began to water.
"Ohhhh, yeah," she said as she took it out and then forced it in again. This time she grabbed it and forced it as far as it would go, fucking her face and her throat with it. Back and forth it went, deeper and deeper, until she gagged. A mess of saliva and mucus spilled out of her mouth and onto the dildo, but she just rammed it back in. She gurgled and choked but didn't dare take it out. Her mascara started to run down her face as her eyes welled up with tears - but she kept going.
"Mmm, mmm, mmm," I'm a nasty fucking whore," she said before ramming the dildo even deeper. She began to drool out of the sides of her mouth but this only made her ram it in faster, harder. She stroked her pussy softly with one hand as she rammed the dildo into the back of her throat with the other.
Her tears and mascara had run past her nose. She leaned forward for a close-up, ramming the dildo in as far as she could. Deeper and deeper she pushed. A look of pure agony crossed her face - she pushed it deeper still. She could barely breathe. Determined, she began to bob her head up and down, forcing it deeper with her head rather than her hands.
Madison grabbed the back of her head with one hand and placed the balls end of the dildo down on the bed. She grabbed her head with both hands and rammed her head down, choking herself on the dildo. She coughed but, once again, just kept going, determined not to let that deter her from humiliating herself even more.
"Ohhhmmmm!" She moaned as she forced it in a little too far. It was hard to breathe again. Madison's face was half-covered with tears, phlegm, and spit. She forced it even farther, choking herself again, phlegm and spit running out of her mouth. She pulled the dildo out and pressed her lips together and spit softly, copious amounts of off-yellowish liquid spewing out of her mouth and down her chin.
"I'm such a fucking whore," she said. "I'm going to completely ruin my throat and I fucking love it. Do you think I've had enough? Because I haven't, I still need more. I'm not even ready for the third dildo yet," she went on.
Madison took the dildo in both hands, tilting her head back and forcing the dildo in as far as she could, over and over again. She coughed, she spit, she kept going. For minutes she just fucked her own throat, showing herself absolutely no mercy, destroying it.
"Mmmm," she said, pulling it out again. "I don't want you to feel sorry for me. I don't want you to care about me. I don't want you to have any respect for me. I don't want you to ever stop destroying my life and my reputation. I just want you to think about how much of a stupid, dumb slut I am for doing this to myself. I want it to hurt so bad," she said. "The only thing I'm getting out of this is that I get to humiliate myself because that's what I need."
Madison rammed the dildo deep into her throat. She was taking the entire length into her mouth. She closed her mouth around the end, her teeth holding the dildo inside, and she coughed silently, choking, and then slapped herself in the face now that her hands were free. Tears began to stream down her cheek. It was extremely painful but Madison was equally determined. She slapped herself again.
"God, I'm a good for nothing whore! Just a piece of shit whore!" She thought to herself. "I deserve this, all of it, I need to make it even worse!" She opened her mouth without moving her teeth, showing the dildo gagging her to tears. She started to cough and cry harder. "I am nothing," she thought, slapping herself again. She was immensely aroused, unable to stop herself and unable to cum, desiring the worst things to happen to her, desiring to make them happen herself to prove her lowliness.
Madison sniffled. She pushed her fingers into her mouth, pushing the dildo even deeper. She wailed as tears dropped down her cheeks and off her face. And then, forcing it a little deeper, she started to gag uncontrollably. Madison dry-heaved, vomiting, but the path of the vomit was completely blocked by her dildo.
"Mmmhmmhmm!" She wailed. She slapped herself again, wanting to somehow make it worse. But when she slapped herself, her teeth shifted slightly, and the dildo came shooting out of her mouth and landed on the floor, propelled by the vomit that had built up and was trying to find a path out. Vomit spewed out of her mouth, rolling down her chin and onto her bed.
Madison gasped for breath and collapsed onto the bed, exhausted. She remained there for several seconds, feeling utterly humiliated and ruined.
"Are you proud of me? I just destroyed my throat until I threw up," she said. "How can you even see me as a person? Nobody could possibly care about me, and if you do, you're just as stupid as I am. I'm never going to be a teacher. You want this whore teaching your kids? I wouldn't. Please, don't ever stop - pass this all over the internet. Don't ever stop destroying my reputation!"
"And do you think I've had enough?" She asked. "I still don't even think I'm ready for the third dildo yet." Madison grabbed the same dildo off the floor and forced it back into her mouth. She eagerly sucked her vomit off of it before choking herself until she spewed again.
"There, I did it, I felt like a whore, so I needed to do it again," she explained. "I think I need it deeper in my throat. Do you want to see me ruin myself?"
Madison picked up the longest dildo. It was about eighteen inches long, albeit thinner than the last one.
This time, Madison tilted her head back and forced it in all the way without stopping. Somehow this one was a little easier to take, probably because of the smaller girth. In the mirror, Madison could see the dildo moving inside her neck all the way down to the base of her neck, where it became invisible.
"Mmmm, this ones going all the way down to here!" Madison pointed out, pointing to the upper part of her chest. "You can see it move inside of me - see?" Madison fucked herself roughly, turning her body to give the viewer a long look, proving that the dildo was indeed going all the way to the area where her neck met her chest.
"Think this will ruin my throat?" She asked. "I really hope it does. I hope I ruin it forever just to get you guys off - and just to humiliate myself. You know I'd do that to myself, right? Ruin my body forever just to give you an orgasm? Just to humiliate myself and make myself a whore?" She took the dildo and thrust in down again. Over and over she fucked herself. She cried. She choked. She gagged, but she kept going. For a solid five minutes she fucked her throat roughly, taking the dildo deep down, as far as she could, like a good slut.
"I just had an idea," she said at last. Her voice was getting hoarse; she sounded horrible. "You know what would really wreck me? If I shoved both of these inside at the same time," she said, holding up the second and third dildos. "I've never done this before, so I don't know what's going to happen, but I don't care.
Madison shoved the longer and thinner one in as far as she could, holding on to the base just outside her mouth with her left hand - and then she placed the foot long, fatter dildo in her mouth next to it and pushed. She gagged immediately, but it just opened her throat up a little and she shoved it in farther. She coughed. At that point, any shred of dignity, and any shred of self-worth that kept her from continuing with her experiment completely evaporated.
"God, it hurts!" She thought to herself. "Yes! I need this! This is exactly - ohhhhh!" She forced it farther, stretching her throat, seemingly paralyzing herself before stretching herself some more by pushing it farther. Tears started to fall uncontrollably. She could feel vomit squeezing past the two dildos, erupting uncontrollably, exiting her mouth. Her face was covered in tears, makeup and vomit, but she pushed it in further, sending another wave of vomit through her mouth.
Madison had completely lost any shred of dignity she had remaining, and she loved it. She pushed the dildo in another half inch and vomited again. And then, she forced it in the rest of the way, sending another stream of vomit streaming past the dildos and onto her bed and floor.
"Mmmmm," she moaned as she pulled the dildos out of her mouth. She sat up, scooped up some of the vomit, and began to rub it onto her breasts. "I like this," she said. "Humiliating myself and getting covered, I - I wish I could cum so bad, I'd cum so hard to this," she said. "I really had fun showing you all what a whore I am. And maybe you'll believe me when I say I want my reputation completely ruined, and you'll actually do it to me - make it so I can never take it back," she said.
"I'll be back tomorrow," she said before blowing a kiss and turning off the camera. After she was done, she simply sat in a pool of vomit and tears, completely humiliated, not even feeling that she deserved to get up and clean off. For what seemed like forever, she simply laid there in the mess she made, and she knew she deserved it.
Madison actually cried herself to sleep that night. Her throat was raw, and she actually wondered if she had done some sort of permanent damage as a result of all the abuse she had given herself. She did eventually take a shower and clean the vomit and spit off her bed and floor, but of course, the only clothing she put on the rest of the day was her shoes, which she wore to bed.
Madison slept better that night than she had in a week, probably because the abuse she had given herself was physically exhausting. However, the following night, she just laid there, unable to sleep. Her throat still hurt, although she was less worried that it would be permanent. But that wasn't what was bothering her. Instead, she laid there and thought about the reality of what she was doing to herself.
"My God," she thought. "If anyone ever sees that - I'm really not going to be a teacher," she said softly to herself. "If you can just google my name and find that - and all the other stuff - parents would go ape shit if I ever set foot in a classroom. I'm sure the school would thoroughly check me out before hiring me, and they wouldn't want the trouble, so - I'm toast," she said.
"Then again, I've asked for exposure before and didn't really get anything serious," she said. "So maybe it won't actually happen? But maybe it was because I didn't take charge and make it happen - like - post all the videos and let people spread them around - I just sent them to one person, and who knows if he ever actually posted them or not."
"My parents would really be devastated," she said. "They've been good to me - they did the best they could and tried to raise me to be a wholesome girl." She thought about how her parents would react if they knew she had started sleeping around, let alone if they knew about her exposure intentions. "It would be so humiliating if they ever found out. And I don't know how I would explain not being able to teach to them."
"Is this really what I want?" She asked herself. "But God, it just turns me on so much - so much I really don't care - I don't care what happens to me. I'm going to cum so hard, over and over again, and I'll never get an orgasm that good if I don't do it."
It was like humiliation and exposure was her drug and she was chasing a fix. And just like a drug, she had built up a tolerance to it, and now she needed more just to get the same release that she once found so easy to obtain simply by posting a nude photo of herself on the internet, or showing someone her bare tits in public. Now, it would take begging for her life and reputation to be ruined - and actually getting it - for her to have the same euphoric feeling again.
"Fuck it," she said. "I need it. I know it's wrong, and stupid, and insane, but I just - I need it. I can't help myself and I can't tell myself no." Madison tied her legs to the bed, craving any sort of humiliation she could manage, and drifted off to sleep.
Madison continued to go for runs to take the edge off. She continued to go to work when she was scheduled, and thank God, she hadn't been scheduled with Hannah lately. She kept making videos too. One day she wrote "Madison Holt, Naperville,IL" on her body and talked about how she wanted the viewers to know her real identity and use it against her. She wrote "Send this to all my friends" and explained that she was looking for the worst kind of humiliation.
And soon, July 22nd has arrived - the day before Madison was to make her videos - all of them - available to the world. She slapped herself that day. It was a good, solid 20 minutes of nothing but Madison slapping her own face. Warming up, slapping harder, then harder and harder. She slapped her own face so hard her hand started to sting, and then she kept going. Her face turned red, then began to bruise. She kept going. She slapped herself so hard her lip began to bleed, but she kept going for another five minutes after that. And she kept begging to be used, humiliated, exposed and ruined.
Finally, the big day had arrived. Madison spent quite some time that morning doing her hair and makeup, wanting to make sure she looked perfect for the occasion. Then she sat in front of her computer, ready to start recording.
"You know what?" She thought. "Maybe I should go for a walk first - clear my head, and get myself in the right frame of mind for this." Madison thought about what life would be like for her once she was exposed forever. She would get knowing glances from friends and strangers alike. People would recognize her, guys would try to get into her pants - hell, she'd probably let them - her body would just be a plaything for use. Not only was she about to expose her body online more than she ever had before, she was going to do it in the most degrading, humiliating way possible.
Madison stood up. She went to her drawer and pulled out her favorite butt plug and slowly pushed it into her ass. After that was done, she found one of her smallest tops, a spaghetti-strap top that was low-cut and barely more than a bra. Obviously it was designed to be worn without a bra, so she put it on by itself. And next, she pulled out a pair of short shorts that sat a couple inches below her bellybutton and showed her ass cheeks in the back. "Damn," she thought, looking in the mirror. "I look like a fucking slut!"
Not quite satisfied, Madison unbuttoned her shorts before grabbing her keys and stepping outside.
"This is my last normal day before my life changes forever," she said to herself as she walked down the street. She could see men looking at her as she walked, and she just carried on, enjoying the stares. It was really turning her on. "Here's my body - for you to look at," she thought to herself. "This is why I need to expose myself so badly. I know I look like a slut. I like it. I want them all to look." Madison was getting aroused knowing she was being ogled, knowing she was putting her body on display just to get attention, and knowing she was becoming fantasy and masturbation material for whoever saw her. "I have to go back - it's time," she thought finally.
Back at her apartment, Madison stripped down. She felt compelled to write a message on her body - a final message detailing what she wanted and how far she was willing to go. She stripped off her clothes and grabbed a marker before stopping to stroke her pussy, thinking about what to write. This took more than a few minutes. "It has to be perfect," she thought. She was too aroused to stop herself. Finally, frustrated, she put the cap on the marker and decided a video message would have to suffice - there was just too much she wanted to say.
"Hi, I'm Madison Holt," she said with her camera running. "So - today's the big day. Once I'm done with this video I'm going to post all of my videos. It's going to be really humiliating. I still can't stop myself. I can't tell myself no. I've been at this for over three weeks - I haven't cum since June - and I'm so turned on. I get turned on now just having someone look at my body. Like - the slightest touch would send me over the edge. And I can't - I can't let myself - because I'm afraid I would chicken out if I didn't deny myself. Like, if I cum right now, there's no way I'd actually post the videos."
"So I'm just going to stroke my pussy, ohhhhh - and - see, I'm so wet, waiting, needing - and just stroke and stroke until - ohhhh, yes, I want to be exposed, I've fantasized about permanent humiliation for so long, ohhhhh, yes! God, I need this! I don't want to chicken out, I don't want to take it back, ohhhhh, I don't want it to ever stop!"
Ohhhhh, yes, I'm a slut! Just saying I'm a slut, announcing it, turns me on, ohhhh! I want you to write to me, write me messages, ohhhh, degrade me! Tell me I'm a stupid little slut, ohhhh, yes!"
"And then before I cum, I just stop - my poor wet, dripping pussy never getting what it really wants until I'm fully exposed, until you guys have had a week to spread me all over the internet. Then I can chicken out all I want because I've lost any control over my exposure."
"So here goes - this is a little statement from me, and then I'm turning off the camera and posting everything."
"My name is Madison Holt. I am from Naperville, Illinois. I am aware that my nude and humiliating photos and videos and my personal information are posted online. I fully consent to this exposure. I understand that this will be permanent. I choose to post my nude photos, videos, and personal information and I accept all the risks and consequences of permanent exposure, including friends and family seeing me, loss of my career, loss of friends, loss of family, and complete, total, and permanent humiliation. I offer my body, my reputation, and my life to whoever sees this to destroy however you want."
"You've seen how wet this makes me. You've seen how much I crave it, how I would do anything. And now I choose to turn myself into a Webslut. Thanks, guys!"
Madison flicked off the camera. She was more nervous than she had ever been in her life as she went to her porn site and selected all the videos she had made - from the first video she had done months ago, to the videos her blackmailer had forced her to make, to the twenty-something videos she had made in recent days. Madison breathed heavily. "Last chance," she thought to herself.
Madison raised her hand and slapped her face. "I'm a slut," she said to herself. "Take it, whore!" She said after slapping herself again. Over and over again she slapped herself until she felt like a desperate, good-for-nothing slut for use. "I need this, I know I do."
"But I can't - oh God, my parents would be so disappointed! And I'd never be a teacher..." her mind drifted off all of the sudden as she had second thoughts.
"But I've wanted this so bad, for so long," she said to herself. "And I've done all this - made all these videos so I could do this." Madison slapped herself again and started rubbing her pussy. "I'm a fucking slut, ohhhhh yes, I deserve this! I'm just a set of holes," she reminded herself. "I'll get off to this over and over agin. I'll have to turn myself into a stripper or a whore just to have somewhere to sleep at night," she went on.
"Ohhhh yes, and I'd sell myself for five dollars - no, two dollars! Ohhhh yes! I'd be a sex slave just to have somewhere to sleep!" Madison slapped herself again. "Maybe I can find somebody to chain me up and livestream me 24/7, ohhhh! I can do this, I want it, ohhhh I need it!" She was rubbing her pussy furiously, on the verge of orgasm, and all of the sudden she stopped, slapped herself three more times, and clicked "submit."
Madison turned around, not able to watch, as video after video was uploaded to the porn site. She got up and laid on her bed, face down. "I did it! I finally did it!" She thought to herself. Still not able to look, she just laid there in a trance, wanting so desperately to cum, but not willing to take the chance that she might change her mind.