The story is entirely fictional. Any similarities to real people or events are purely coincidental. I put this in the 'Erotic Couplings' category, but it could be under 'Exhibitionist & Voyeur' as there is a lot of outdoor nudity. I'm planning several more stories in this series. Constructive comments are always welcomed. This is a slightly edited version of the original, mostly corrections of grammar, tense, and punctuation errors. Many thanks todeadeye_76for his editing help.
-----------
I was the exception.
I lived in a quiet neighborhood at the end of a cul-de-sac where the only traffic was the mail man and the neighbors. My house sat on a one-acre lot, covered with old-growth trees from the forest that surrounded it. The trees and the shrubs I'd planted blocked the neighbor's view almost completely. Most of the surrounding houses were older and owned by the families that built them and had now retired in them. A house rarely came on the market here. I was lucky when I found my house, or should I say lot, because I tore the existing house down and built one that better fit my needs. It was two stories with a fabulous view of the natural surroundings. It was at the end of the cul-de-sac, so its backyard was bigger than most, and it backed up to a forested area that can't be built on. I liked my privacy. In an area of retired couples, I was the exception. I was thirty-five years old, single, and rich. My name - John McAddams.
I built my house from the ground up to be comfortable for me. It was not a mansion, but it had plenty of room, and it was a perfect place to share with Bo (short for Bogart), my dog. He's my best friend, traveling companion and jogging partner. Bo and I would jog and work out to keep fit. There are trails throughout the forest area to jog on. The house had a full gym that I used religiously. As a result, I was in excellent shape for a man of thirty-five.
A little over 18 months ago, on a jog home, I noticed that the house nearest to me had a "For Sale" sign in the front yard. It had belonged to an older couple, and the husband had recently died at 95. The kids had put the mother in an assisted living facility to sell the house. When I jogged by the next day, I saw a "Sold" sign in front. On this block, nothing stayed on the market long.
Three weeks later, trucks and excavators started showing up next door. I saw a nicely dressed guy standing around in a hard hat, who looked like he was the foreman. I asked him about the plan for the house and found out that it was going to be torn down and a new one built. He planned on it taking at least a year to complete.
My mood worsened as the days, weeks and months went by. The noise started at 7 am and was not a pleasant alarm clock. It rained for weeks, and the work slowed to a standstill. It made me feel bad about how much building my house must have inconvenienced and upset the neighbors. That took well over a year.
After 18 months, the new house was complete. They had done a great job and although it was more contemporary than I would have chosen, it fit into the neighborhood well. A pool and hot tub were added, and the whole backyard was surrounded by a 10-foot fence. Inside of that was a tall hedgerow. They had saved every possible tree and planted more. The lot shared the same forested area as mine.
Everything looked great, and I was anxious to meet my new neighbors.
A week later, moving vans arrived with an army of moving men, and an enormous amount of furniture, to fill the house. The young woman who directed the movers appeared to be the owner. I couldn't tell much about her from a distance. I planned to call on the family later to welcome them to the neighborhood.
Another week went by without much activity other than a car occasionally pulling into the garage. There were no lights on at night, so I assumed no one was staying there.
A few days later, as I returned from my usual run in the woods with Bo, I heard a woman's voice coming from the neighbors' backyard. There were some gaps in the fence, and the hedges had not grown in fully. I knew I shouldn't, but I peeked through the fence into the pool area. My eyes widened when I saw a vision of pure beauty. She was talking on the phone as she walked towards the pool (and me) completely naked. I couldn't see very well, but she was tall and lean, with perfectly shaped breasts that defied the laws of gravity. She looked to be in her early thirties, with long blond hair on her head and none anywhere else. She was mesmerizing, I couldn't look away.  All too soon, she put down her phone and gracefully dove into the pool.
I pulled myself away from the fence and went inside, stunned. I was ashamed for continuing to look, yet I couldn't get her image out of my mind. She probably had a husband and maybe even kids, but still, that image lingered. Even if she were single, she was probably with someone, but still, that image remained. I told myself I was acting like a schoolboy, but that image...I knew I had to meet her.
That afternoon, I dressed in some nice but relaxed shorts and a Hawaiian shirt, but that looked too casual so I changed into white shorts and a blue shirt; but then I looked like a deckhand, so I changed into long white pants...what was wrong with me! I put the shorts and Hawaiian shirt back on, grabbed an expensive bottle of wine out of the cellar and walked over to her house. I felt nervous, and I don't usually get nervous. After the short walk to her front door, I rang the bell and almost immediately she opened the door.
I was stunned by the sight of her. I had seen her naked just this morning, but I couldn't believe how beautiful she was now, when dressed. She wore long white slacks, a translucent white short-sleeved shirt and white three-inch heels. I felt way under dressed. I just stood there staring for what seemed like minutes before I could stutter out, "Uh, Hi, I'm...John McAddams...from next door."
I was so nervous that I'd lost the power of speech.
"Hi John, I'm Laura Swanson. What is that you've got in your hand?" she asked.
I looked at my hand and said, "Oh. Wine. For you...as a housewarming present."
"Well thank you, John," she said, "would you like to come in?"
"Sure, that would be great," I said, as I regained my ability to speak.
Once inside, I gathered my senses and I found Laura warm and inviting with a soft, melodious voice. We entered a space that was mostly white and modern. It was an open-space concept and was extremely well done.
"Wow, what an amazing home. It's so open, light, and airy. I love all the art," I said.
"That's what I was going for. I wanted the feeling that there was nothing between the front door and the back pool area," she said excitedly. "You're my first guest. Would you like a tour of the house?" she asked. "You'll have to excuse the mess. I'm not through unpacking yet."
"That would be great. I'd love to see it."
"Here, let me put that wine in the kitchen," she said, and I finally gave her the bottle I was still holding. She looked at the label and said, "Um. That's a great vintage. I'm sure we'll have fun drinking it. If you like good wine, I've got a couple of bottles that you'll really enjoy." Smiling playfully, she said, "let's go on that tour now."
We started upstairs. As we climbed the stairs, she moved with such grace, that she appeared to float, gracefully, like a dancer. The upstairs looked pretty typical, with several smaller rooms with baths along a hallway. Boxes were stacked everywhere. The master suite was at the end of the hall. It was far from typical.
The room was huge. There was a stainless steel, pencil post bed on one wall, flanked by tables topped with crystal lamps. On the opposing wall, was a chrome, gas-log fireplace. The floors were maple hardwood.
"This is the master bedroom," she said, picking up a remote. "Watch that wall," she said, pointing to a wall of glass with sheer drapes.
When she pushed a remote button, the drapes slid open and the windows slid apart in sections and disappeared into the walls on both sides. When completely open, there was nothing between the bedroom and the woods beyond.
I was surprised. "That's incredible. I've never seen anything like that before."
"Now turn around," she said. I saw that the opposite wall was completely mirrored, reflecting the room and the outside. "When you lay in bed, it looks like you're sleeping outside."
On one side of the bed, there was a small hallway with a large walk-in closet on one side and the master bath on the other. I glanced into the closet that contained hanging clothes, shoes, a three-paneled floor mirror, a makeup table and lots of things still in boxes.
"It's a mess in there, let's move on."
We entered the master bath. It was huge, with marble floors, counter tops, and maple cabinets. I'd never seen a shower so big. It looked like it could fit at least three people in comfort and had more shower heads than I could count. The shower walls were clear glass. My mind drifted as I imagined seeing her in it.
"That's a great shower," I said. "All those heads must feel great."
"You'll have to try it out some time," she replied. "Let's go outside, and I'll show you the garden."
Had she just invited me to take a shower...with her? Either I was seriously out of touch or she was flirting with me.
We walked out of the open window wall onto the upstairs balcony, offering a view of the backyard. It looked like a luxury resort. She led me down the spiral stairs to the patio. A flagstone path wove its way over a wandering stream, one you crossed several times on the way to the pool. The stream ended in a large waterfall that emptied into a pool that was made of natural rock to blend in with the surroundings.
There was a cozy little area under the waterfalls, with a ledge that allowed you to sit under it and look out to the pool. On the other side of the pool, was a built-in hot tub, so that you could get warm in the tub and then jump into the pool to cool off. Across an area of lush turf was a cabana or pool house with the same style of glass doors opening onto its own flagstone patio. Closer to the house were an outdoor shower and a large outdoor kitchen.
"Wow. This would be a great place for a party," was all I could say.
"That's what I had in mind, I love to swim and sunbathe. I'll spend most of my time by the pool, and I'm hoping to get some of my girlfriends to join me here regularly," she said, "and you're always welcome to come enjoy the pool or hot tub. I love having people around."
The image from this morning came to me, and I remembered that she had absolutely no tan lines.
She had only used, "I," when she talked about the house. Was she possibly single with no children?
We went inside through the kitchen. Several pieces of art had not been hung, and there were some little things the builders had not quite finished.
"Listen, if you need any jobs done around here like hanging pictures, moving boxes, or minor repairs, I'd be happy to help. I'm a pretty good handyman and I have a garage full of tools."
"Thank you, John, I may take you up on that, but be forewarned that I can be a hard taskmaster."
The downstairs had all the expected rooms, living room, dining room, laundry room, etc. Two especially nice rooms were the kitchen and the den. The kitchen was large and had all pro equipment with stainless steel everywhere. Any chef would have loved it there.
"I take it you're a cook," I said.
"Yes, I love it. Maybe I'll cook you a nice dinner sometime. You can bring more wine."
Again, I noticed the, "I", she used and just a bit of flirt.
Lastly, we went to the den. This room did not fit with the rest of the house. Most of the downstairs was white with marble and stainless-steel hard surfaces. Great for entertaining, but a bit cold for living. The den was quite the opposite. It was hardwood floors, beautiful rugs, dark mahogany wood, big fluffy couches and chairs and a big wood-burning fireplace. The walls were covered with art, and wooden shelves filled with old books, small sculptures, and brandy decanters. It smelled like books in an old library. It somehow seemed out of place. An old room in a new house. I loved it. It had a warm and cozy feel, somewhere to snuggle up with someone and talk or read.
"This is my comfort space," she said. "This is the kind of room Bernard loved; wood, leather, art, and of course books. It reminds me of him."
"Bernard?"
"Yes, I guess you don't know. Bernard was my husband. He died a few years ago."
I was a bit shocked, and I was sure I looked confused. "What happened?"
For the first time, I saw her look a bit sad and distant.
"We're going to need that wine to get through this story," she said. "Wait here."
I wished I hadn't asked about Bernard. It wasn't my place to ask, but since she had mentioned him, I was curious.
Laura came back to the den with the bottle of wine I'd brought, two glasses and a corkscrew. She handed me the bottle to open and sat next to me. I poured us each a glass.
"Bernard died in a car crash almost 3 years ago. He was driving home, after picking up a new sports car he had ordered six months earlier. It was a rainy night, but he really wanted that damn car. He had the dealer stay late, so he could pick it up."
She took a big gulp of her wine.
"On his way home, a man ran a red light at high speed and hit the driver's door. They both were killed instantly," she said.
I could tell she was fighting back tears and said, "I'm so sorry. We don't need to talk about this."
"No. It's OK. It somehow helps me to talk to people if it's alright with you."
"Whatever you need," I said.
She finished her glass of wine, and I poured us both another.
"After he died, I felt lost. I just couldn't see my future alone. After about 6 months of loneliness and self-pity, I realized that I needed to move on with my life."
She poured herself another glass of wine, finishing off the bottle.
"I surrounded myself with the few friends I had. We'd only been married for a couple of years before he died, and I really didn't know his friends well. I still kept up with a few friends from college and my modeling days, before I met Bernard. I've stayed close with some of them, so I haven't been completely alone.
"My girlfriends are the ones who talked me into building this house, getting me away from the house that we shared. They wanted me to have a place where I could entertain, meet new people and be happy. They wanted to set me up with some of their male friends, but I don't want to go through the agony of blind dates.
"I don't know about you, but I need some more wine," she said and headed off to the kitchen. She came back with a new bottle, downed the last of hers and refilled both our glasses.
"How did you and Bernard meet?" I asked.
After a big sip of wine, she said, "I went to college for a liberal arts degree and ended up getting a Masters in Art History. I was very lucky and found a job at a large museum as soon as I graduated. Shortly after I started, they got a call from a man who was interested in investing in 20th-century art. That was my area of expertise, so they asked me to meet with him. After our meeting, he hired me away from the museum to help him collect high-quality art that would appreciate over time. That man was Bernard. We had to work around his schedule, which meant many late nights. There was also a lot of travel. We went all over the world to look at pieces and to attend auctions. Fortunately, he had a private jet.
"We were attracted to each other almost immediately. He recognized my intelligence, talent, and passion for the work, something he admired, and I was attracted to him because of his boundless energy, intellect, charisma, and love of life.
"That attraction and spending late nights together led to us becoming lovers and then getting married. We'd only known each other for about 6 months. I knew he loved me and I loved him, but there were some problems, too." She took another drink.
"Enough about me. Tell me about yourself. How'd you end up here?" she asked after a big gulp of wine and refilling her glass.
"I guess, I'm a nerd," I said. "I was always good at math and started working with computers when I was about ten. School was always easy and fun for me, so I spent most of junior high and high school studying and working with computers."
"Did all the nerds in your High School look like you?" she asked.
"Well, no. My father was a photographer by trade, but his passion was running. He ran marathons, and I started running with him when I was young. I got so fast; I ran track in high school."
"I bet the girls were running after you."
"I guess, but between being shy, running, and studying, I didn't go out very much.
"I got early admissions at MIT. Once I got there, I discovered that everyone was just as smart or smarter than I was.
"For the first time I had to work hard in school, so I never had much time for dating. I was too busy with my nose in the books, working for my MBA and then my Ph.D. in math, to go out much.
"I don't want you to think, 'poor John, never had any fun'. I did date some both in high school and college. I even had a few girlfriends, but they grew tired of me after a few months because I spent so much time studying and running. Or I got tired of them pulling me away from the things I liked. I went to some parties too, but I wasn't good at socializing, so I didn't like them much."
"After you graduated, you must have had some fun," Laura said as she filled her glass again.
Neither of us was feeling any pain, but Laura was a couple of glasses ahead, and I could see she was feeling pretty loose-limbed.
"You'd think so, but right out of MIT, I was recruited by Wall Street. I don't know how much you know about the stock market, but the big firms hire math guys like me, to make a lot of money."
"Why?" she asked, "I know nothing about Wall Street, but I would have thought they would hire broker types and train them."
"If I explained my job to you, you'd be asleep in 2 minutes. Let's just say that I was a Quantitative Trader or quant for short. As a quant, I could make buckets full of money on Wall Street. It was a fun, high-stakes game where money was just a way to keep score. I was exceptionally good at it. Then it became an obsession. All I did was work. There is some stock market open at any time, day or night. It was hard to quit. It's like a drug, and sometimes I still miss the rush. I knew I had to quit, or sooner or later it was going to kill me.
"Fortunately, I didn't completely burn out like some did. I survived mostly because of the habits I'd picked up over the years. I kept myself fit and sane, with jogging and daily trips to the company gym. I had to, in order to work 16 hours a day. A lot of guys turned to partying and drugs.
"Trading is still a 'boys club'. The only women I knew at that time were 'dates', usually set up by the company, when I needed someone on my arm at some fancy event. They were more than happy to share my bed, but my heart wasn't in it. I rarely saw them more than once.
"Now that I'm away from Wall Street, I just don't have many opportunities to meet nice, strong, intelligent women. I have high standards. I tried the bar and club scene for a while, but one-night stands left me feeling empty.
"So, I 'retired', built a house here, and I'm learning how to relax and enjoy myself."
She offered me another glass of wine, but I declined. She poured herself another.
"You live in that big house all alone?" she asked.
"No," I said.
She looked a bit surprised and maybe a bit disappointed.
"I live with Bo. We're inseparable. He's a wonderful dog, a big black Lab. He pretty much goes everywhere with me.
"But to answer your real question, I live alone because I spent so much time working, that I never met anyone special. Someone I'd want to spend the rest of my life with."
Laura smiled and said, "Tell me about Bo."
"When I moved into my house, I thought the house needed a dog. I never had a dog as a child. I've been amazed at how much you can love a dog and how much they can love you. He's my best friend. I got him from a shelter. Because of him, I started volunteering at that shelter. Do you like dogs?"
"I love them! I had one growing up, Mitzi. She slept with me every night. But while I was at college, she died. Since then, it's not been a good time to find another. Since you do shelter work, maybe you can help me find one. It would be nice to share my bed again."
"I can keep my eye out for a good one."
"So, what else do you do for fun?"
"I've kept up running, but now I have a running partner in Bo. You could join us sometime if you're so inclined."
"It's been a long time since I've been running. You'd leave me in the dust."
"We'd take it easy on you for a while. Besides, you'll need to exercise your new dog somehow."
"We'll see."
"I took up photography. It kind of reconnects me with my dad. Back in high school, I became a pretty good photographer. I worked on the yearbook and the school paper. In college, I worked with a pro in his studio on portrait and fashion shoots for some extra cash."
"What kind of pictures do you take?"
"Mostly landscapes. I love the outdoors and hiking. Bo and I will sometimes take off on a photographic road trip and just drive across the country, camp out and take pictures. I also built a studio in my house for taking portraits of people and dogs. Also, the shelter needs pictures taken of their dogs, so I do some shooting out there once a week and walk some dogs."
"Can you show me some of your work?"
"Sure, I've got several portfolios I can show you."
"I'd love that. I'd like to learn what to do on the other side of the camera."
Laura looked at me with slightly cloudy eyes from the wine and asked, "So, help me understand this. You're wealthy, tall, extremely handsome with a body that looks like it's chiseled out of marble, you love dogs, traveling and photography."
"I wouldn't describe myself that way," I said, slightly embarrassed.
"I would," she said, "and you don't have a wife or girlfriend? How is that possible?"
"I hate to admit this, but I'm still shy around women I'm attracted to."
"You don't seem very shy right now. Don't you find me attractive?"
"I find you incredibly attractive. It's just that..."
"More wine?" she asked, saving me from myself. The wine was clearly having an effect on her.
Changing subjects abruptly, she said, "You know, I feel very comfortable talking to you. You're a good listener. I feel that I could tell you anything." Her speech was slurred.
Laura got very quiet for a moment, then blurted out, "I haven't had sex in three years. I haven't even been on a date. Bernard and I didn't have much sex, and when we did, he wasn't very good at it. He lacked passion and I was tired of it. So, it's been more like five years since I've had exciting, satisfying, sex. I partied hard in college. I wasn't a slut or anything, but I loved to party.
"Oh my god!" she clasped her hands over her mouth. "I can't believe I said that. I'm so embarrassed. I've had too much to drink. I just met you, and I'm talking like that." She started drunkenly sobbing. "I'm just so lonely and horny."
I moved closer to her and put my arm around her. She put her face into my shoulder. "It's fine. You've had a bit too much wine and should probably go to bed. Are you going to be okay?" She nodded, crying into my shoulder. "I should go now and let you get some rest."
She raised her head and sloppily kissed me. Not a "Hi new neighbor" kiss but a real, passionate, longing kiss. I broke it off, and she looked at me puzzled.
"I thought you said that I was attractive? I'm throwing myself at you! Are you deficient! Don't you want to kiss me then take me upstairs and ravish me?" she said angrily.
"You are extremely attractive, maybe the most attractive woman I've ever seen, but you've had a bit too much to drink, and there are rules about that. I've had a wonderful evening with a gorgeous, hospitable, woman, and I will call you in the morning to see how you're feeling."
Surprised by my rebuff, she got up to show me the door, or tried to get up. She said her head was spinning. I suggested she spend the night downstairs. She curled up on the couch. I removed her shoes, and I found a blanket on another couch to cover her. I put a trash can by the couch just in case, and left my phone number on the table in case she needed anything. Before leaving, I gave her a little kiss on the cheek and by the time I let myself out, she was fast asleep.
Early the next morning, the phone rang. I had slept in. It had been a long time since I'd had that much to drink.
"Hello."
"Hi John, this is Laura from next door. Remember when you offered your handyman services?"
"Of course. How are you feeling this morning?" I asked, feeling a bit hungover myself.
"Fine, I do have a bit of a headache. I gather I drank too much last night. I haven't had that much to drink since college. It must be the stress of moving," she said.
"Thank you for putting me to bed. I don't remember much about what happened. My memory has some fuzzy spots in it. I didn't do anything embarrassing, did I?"
"No, you just got very tired and needed to get some sleep," I said.
"Yea, that's what I remember. Listen, I hate to ask on a Sunday, but I need some of your handyman skills if you're up for it. One of my sinks is leaking. Do you think you could take a look at it? I can't get hold of the plumber."
"Sure, let me grab some tools and I'll come over. See you in a few minutes."
I needed to shower and shave. I pulled myself together at a superhuman rate and grabbed my toolbox along with some aspirin and coffee.
A few minutes later, I rang her bell. She opened the door and was once again beautifully dressed; beige slacks, sandals and a lightweight white button-up shirt. She sure didn't look like she'd been wasted last night. I was in my grubbies with my toolbox ready for work.
"Which sink is it."
"The one in the master bath. Come on, I'll show you."
We went upstairs, and she showed me where it was leaking. She had put a pot under it to protect the cabinet.
"It looks like an easy fix. It shouldn't take very long," I said.
"Great, while you're fixing it, I'm going to go change."
"OK."
I got out my tools and lay on my back under the sink. Out of the corner of my eye, I saw some movement. Taking a better look, I saw that it was Laura in her closet, reflected in a three-paneled full-length mirror. The side mirrors were adjustable, allowing her to see her body from three angles. I couldn't help but watch as she began to strip off her clothes. She slowly unbuttoned her blouse, slipped it off, and hung it up. She hadn't been wearing a bra, so she was naked from the waist up. I was immediately hard. She adjusted the mirrors a little and turned side to side as if she were appraising how she looked. She then slipped off, first her sandals and then her slacks. Standing there nude, except for her white lace, bikini panties, she paused for a moment, then slipped those off. She did a slow turn again, inspecting her naked body. She pinched her nipples until they were rock hard and briefly ran her hand between her legs.
She walked deeper into the closet where I couldn't see her. I lay back under the sink with a wrench to fix the leak. I was so hard; I was afraid my jeans would pop open.
"John? How's it going," she called.
"Great, it shouldn't be long."
I heard her come into the bathroom, and I looked out from under the sink. I could see her from the waist down. She was wearing a semi-transparent swimsuit cover-up, although in this case, there was no swimsuit to cover.
She stepped over me, straddling my legs, bent down, and said, "Come on downstairs when you're done for some coffee or something."
As she walked away, I could see that she was completely naked under the cover-up except for some white sandals. From her position, I'm sure she could see the very uncomfortable position she put me in, by the bulge in my jeans. When she left, I adjusted myself for a little more comfort, finished up the repair and packed my tools away.
As I got to the bottom of the stairs, Laura was standing in the kitchen in her cover-up and said, "Would you like to jump in the pool with me and cool off?"
"I haven't got a swimsuit."
She turned and walked to the patio door and said, "Neither have I," as she slipped off the cover-up, flipped it over her shoulder, and walked to the pool in just her white sandals.
I scrambled to get undressed and rushed after her. Before I could get there, she kicked off her heels and gracefully dove in the pool. I followed her in, but my dive was not nearly so graceful. It's tough to be graceful running and diving with an erection.
I swam over to her, put my arms on both sides of her, trapping her between me and the wall of the pool, and kissed her lightly on the lips.
"Do you swim naked often?" I asked.
"Always," she said, staring straight into my eyes.
"Laura," I said, "I have a confession to make. Yesterday, when I was coming back from my run, I heard you out here talking on the phone. I went up to the fence and peeked through. I saw you naked walking to the pool."
"I know," she said and smiled. "Bo's panting gave you away. Did you like what you saw?"
"Oh yes."
"Good, I'm glad. It turned me on, knowing you were watching me. I wish you'd watched longer."
"How about I watch you now?" I asked.
"I'd like that. I don't think I should allow clothes in the pool. What do you think?" she said, then ducked her head under the water and swam under the waterfall. I quickly followed her under the falling water and into the alcove. She sat on the deep ledge under the falls. I pulled myself up onto the foam mat next to her.
"John, I have a confession too," she said. "I wasn't quite as drunk as I acted last night. I definitely had too much to drink, but I remember everything. You, being such a gentleman, was an incredible turn-on," she paused. "I have another confession. My father was a plumber. I loosened the nut on the sink before I called you this morning. I wanted you to come over to show you what being a gentleman will get you."
"You lied to me?"
"Just a little. Everything I told you was true."
"You wanted me to see you undress upstairs?" I asked, shocked.
"Oh, my god, you saw me?" she asked.
I panicked and froze like a deer caught in headlights.
She laughed. "Relax, it was just a bit of flirting. Did you like it?" she asked.
"Oh god yes. I thought my jeans were going to burst open."
"I noticed," Laura said, smiling.
"I've noticed a lot about you. I saw you running last week. You were almost naked in your very skimpy, blue running shorts with no shirt. That certainly piqued my interest. You have a breathtakingly sexy body. Looking at all those tight muscles moving when you run, made my mind drift off in pleasant directions. I've gone to sleep fantasizing about you. All that running has really worked. At least it's worked for me."
I paused, not knowing what to say. Men aren't used to that kind of compliment, and no one ever said that they fantasized about me. I decided talking was overrated, so I leaned over and kissed her. That turned out to be the right thing to do. She put her arms tightly around my head and pulled me in, to kiss her harder. She ran her hands through my soaking hair and lightly ran her fingers along my ear. I cupped her breast gently, being careful not to touch her nipple yet. She moaned quietly. Her fingers drifted down my chest, over my abs and down to my stiff cock.
"Ooh, did I get you so hard?" she whispered as she squeezed my manhood.
Unable to speak, I nodded.
"Does this feel good?"
"Oh god yes." I said as she slowly ran her hand up and down my shaft.
My fingers moved to her hard pink nipple, and I pinched it gently. She sighed, and her breathing became labored. She arched her back to push her breast against my hand. I kissed her neck to her collarbone. I felt a hunger for her, unlike anything I'd ever known. Kissing my way to her breast, I licked around her areola and sucked on her nipple. She let out a little squeal as I bit down gently. She jumped off the ledge, still holding on to my shaft.
She scooped up cool water in her hand and poured it over my swollen cock. I leaned back on my elbows and watched her, as she flirtatiously examined it and began to play with it, like a cat with a new toy. Using both hands, she slid the skin up until it almost covered my head then down until my skin stretched, making the tip swell and ooze pre-cum. Continuing to stroke up and down my shaft with one hand, she ran her red-painted fingernails from my anus to my balls. The sensation was heavenly, right between tickling and pain. Her warm lips followed, engulfing the head and then releasing it. She used her tongue to play with the crown, paying special attention to the sensitive spot just under the ridge. Her stiff, flattened tongue licked the underside of my shaft. She swirled her tongue around the head, then sucked me deep into her mouth. A chorus of angels began to sing. She pulled back, and I popped out, cold without the warm embrace of her full lips. Her tongue traced a line of saliva around the rim of my swollen head, before she sucked it in, and popped it out again.
I closed my eyes and lay back as my pleasure built from the friction she created with her mouth. God, she was good at this. It didn't take long for the pressure to build in me. She rolled my balls in her hand and sucked my cock harder and deeper into her mouth. Her tongue swirled around my head, as she almost pulled me out and then sucked me down again. She continued bobbing her head up and down on my cock until I was about to lose control.
My voice quivering, I warned her, "Laura, if you keep that up, I'm going to come."
She stopped for just a moment and looked up at me innocently with her sparkling blue eyes and asked, "Isn't that the point?"
She reached under my balls and ran her nails over them. Every time I thought she was out of ways to pleasure me; she would surprise me with something new. She took each of my balls and sucked them into her mouth and tickled them with her tongue. I was losing my mind but wanted this to go on forever.
Her lips enveloped my head again and she slowly, painfully slowly, took me down an inch at a time. Just as slowly, she raised her head until I almost popped out. Again, she went down, a little faster this time.
She kept increasing her speed, sliding her lips up and down on my cock faster and deeper. My hips involuntarily started thrusting, keeping pace with her. A tortured noise escaped my lips as she took me all the way down into her throat and held me there. That pushed me over the edge. I unloaded deep into her throat and watched as she swallowed it all. She sucked and played with my softening member until it became too sensitive. She looked satisfied with herself. I was wiped out, drained, and could hardly move, but I wanted more. I needed to taste her.
I mustered my strength, jumped into the water, and grabbed her by the waist. I kissed her passionately, then lifted her up on the ledge.
"Now it's my turn," I said.
"I was hoping you'd say that."
She leaned back on her elbows, watching me as I parted her legs, licking and kissing her inner thigh, working my way to the top. I was a little rusty, but I intended to do my best. I licked and kissed the sensitive spots on her lower abdomen, the creases between her legs and her bald pussy. Her smooth outer lips were swollen, and parted as my tongue ran gently over them. She lay back, spreading her legs wider. The next pass was more deliberate. My tongue traveled up and down her labia, on either side. I heard a quiet moan escape from her lips. I sucked and kissed on each of her outer lips and then, as she opened more, her inner ones. Gradually increasing the pressure of my tongue, I slowly licked from bottom to top, just barely touching her clit each time. Her breathing was heavy and ragged, and her hands clutched the mat beneath her. I lightly touched her clit with my pointed tongue, then traced slowly tightening circles around it, teasing her. She began to squirm as her excitement grew.
She bent her knees, putting her feet on the ledge, and spreading her knees farther apart, opening herself to me completely. Her hips thrust toward me, and she reached for her breasts and tugged hard on her nipples. I sucked her clit into my mouth, squeezing it between my lips and flicked it rapidly with my tongue. The tension in her body was mounting as her climax approached.
She grabbed my hair, pulling my mouth against her. Her hips rocked up and down, grinding her pussy on my face. I pushed one, then two fingers into her, and stroked her G-spot. That sent her flying over the edge.
Laura's head snapped back, eyes closed, and her whole body went rigid as her orgasm tore through her body. Her back arched, thrusting her pussy into my face. She squeezed my head between her thighs and gripped the mat with her fingers.
Her orgasm continued, sending aftershocks throughout her body. I gently licked her clit again. A spasm ran through her, but she was too sensitive. She pulled my head up onto her tummy and held it there.
As she regained her senses, her muscles relaxed, and she collapsed on her back, arms by her side, releasing my head. I jumped up on the ledge and lay next to her. She buried her face against my neck as we recovered in each other's arms.
After a few minutes, she asked, still breathing hard, "How did you learn to do that? No one has made me come that hard."
I said, "My few girlfriends taught me well, and I'm a fast study. But it's been a while for me. I'll do better next time."
"Give me their names, so I can send them thank you notes."
"How about you?" I asked. "You made me see stars."
"It was my first major in college," she said.
"I'm glad you got a good education."
"You haven't seen anything yet," she said as she smiled and raised an eyebrow.
"I need a drink," she said, as she got up and swam to the edge of the pool. "Margaritas, OK?" she said, as she walked to the house with her beautiful butt swaying. "Meet me in the pool house."
It was an odd feeling walking across the yard to the pool house completely naked, especially since I, once again, had a throbbing erection. The pool house was just as well appointed as the rest of the house. There were three rooms, the main room, a bedroom, and a bathroom. The front had the same kind of windows as the master bedroom. They folded away with the push of a button, giving a seamless view of the backyard and pool. The main room had a large couch or bed suspended by chains and a small kitchen. It would make a great vacation spot. I sat on the suspended bed and waited for her.
Laura came back with a pitcher of margaritas and a joint. She sat on the bed close to me.
"Do you like pot?" she asked.
"It's been a while, but yeah, I do."
She poured us each a margarita and lit the joint.
After a couple of tokes, she looked down at my lap and said, "Look who's ready for some more action."
I took her drink and the joint and put them on the table. Wrapping my arm around her shoulder,
I pushed her down on her back and lay down, propped up on my elbow, facing her. I kissed her on the forehead. Her hair smelled of chlorine. I ran my fingers lightly over her face, neck, and body, giving her goosebumps even though it was quite warm. I kissed her mouth, her neck, her upper chest and her breast. My tongue traced wetness around one of her nipples. As it responded to my attention, I put my lips around it and gently sucked on it. I could hear Laura moaning slightly. I increased the pressure of my lips and flicked her nipple with my tongue. Releasing that nipple, I blew on it. The cool air made it shrivel and harden. I moved to the other breast and sucked on it too. She reached for my head, but I grabbed her wrist and put it down beside her.
"I want to explore you now," I whispered.
I reached over to my drink for a piece of ice and traced around her nipple, leaving a trail of cold water. Touching it to her nipple made it instantly hard and puckered. I heard a sharp intake of air. My warm mouth followed, covering, and sucking on her very hard nipple. She moaned louder.  I touched the ice just under her chin and slowly traced down, to the base of her throat, between her breast, over her taut tummy and stopped just above her clit. I followed the trail of the water left with my tongue, warming her again. While I was down there, I gave her clit a little flick. I kissed back up her body to her mouth, where I kissed her gently and deeply. Her tongue reached out to me, and we played with each other's mouths and tongues - nipping and sucking. Her arms reached up and she grabbed my head.
She whispered in my ear, "I need you in me."
I reached down, spread her legs, and positioned myself above her. I put my cock at her entrance and pushed gently. She was so wet that I slipped right into her, all the way to the hilt. Her tight passage felt wonderful, warm and slick.
"Oh, god. I feel so full. Fuck me hard."
"Not right away, but we'll get there."
I pulled back until just the head was in her and then pushed back in her. I gradually increased the speed and force of my thrusting. She wrapped her legs around me, urging me to go faster. Pushing me off of her, she turned me onto my back. She straddled my waist, kneeling over me, and reached down for my cock. She placed it at her entrance and let gravity pull her down. I looked up at her. Her head was facing up, her eyes closed. Her glorious breasts bounced gently on her chest as my cock appeared and disappeared into her. She leaned back, using my thighs for balance, and rocked her hips, giving me the most intense pleasure. I was getting very close.
She lifted off of me and got on her hands and knees, legs spread, looking back at me. I quickly got behind her and plunged into her. I couldn't restrain myself any longer, and I pounded into her as fast and hard as I could. A guttural sound escaped her lips with every thrust. She dropped down, so that her head was on a pillow, and the sound became louder and continuous. I grunted as I felt my balls tighten. With one last thrust, I came deep inside her and held myself inside, grinding against her. Moments later, she screamed, and her muscles contracted around my cock. She fell onto the mattress and I fell on top of her with my cock still inside. As I softened, I rolled off of her.
While we were relaxing, I asked her, "Why me?"
Laura thought for a moment and said, "I like you and I know you like me. I liked you as soon as I saw you at the front door. Maybe it's pheromones. You're a gentleman, smart, considerate, respectful and articulate. You're handsome, and your body makes my knees weak. I feel safe with you. To top it off, you know which end of a hammer to pick up. My father would have liked you. You didn't take advantage of me, but took care of me instead. I'm sure that was a hard thing to do. I saw the bulge in your pants."
"Why now?"
"I've been grieving and without sex or male companionship for way too long. I've been lonely. My girlfriends have been saying that for a while, but it's hard to start dating again. That reminds me, I need to make some calls later, the girls are going to love you. When I moved into this new house, I knew I had to get my life started again. Then you came over to meet me, so cute and befuddled you couldn't speak coherently. It must be serendipity."
Laura continued, "I have to admit, I was a bit of a party girl in college. My virginity was lost within a few weeks. I was lucky and found an experienced and talented man for my first time. Sex felt so good, I was hooked and became a bit of a wild child. My girlfriends and I loved going to parties and doing things we knew we shouldn't. I loved meeting new men, and going home with them. Some guys were just duds, but some taught me things that greatly increased my pleasure. I was a bit reckless sometimes, but I wanted to do all the things that I knew I couldn't when I was out in the real world. I'm older and wiser now, but sometimes I miss my wild side. You seem to bring that out in me.
"Life with Bernard was great. We loved each other, traveled all over the world together, and we really enjoyed each other's company. But our sex life wasn't great. Bernard's greatest passion was for his work. It was a big adjustment for me to go from lots of partying in college to the sedate life I had with Bernard.
"So how about you. Why me?" she asked.
"Well, when I first saw you, you were completely naked. That was certainly arousing and made me curious. I was struck by your obvious beauty. You're the most beautiful woman I have ever seen, with or without clothes. But I was also struck by your composure and confidence. You seemed so comfortable with yourself that it didn't make any difference to you if you were naked or clothed. I couldn't get you out of my mind. I didn't know whether you were married or had children - I just needed to meet you.
"When I came over, you didn't think less of me for being tongue tied. I must have seemed insane when I couldn't find my words, but you still opened your house to me. I probably shouldn't tell you this, but I was unreasonably nervous about coming over here. I don't get nervous. I've met with foreign dignitaries and billionaires and have not been the slightest bit nervous. Before coming here, I changed clothes three times, feeling that nothing was good enough for you. I've never been attracted to any woman, as much as I am to you. After our talk last night, I didn't get much sleep. You were all I thought about. Even if you hadn't called, I would have come over today using some flimsy excuse."
I noticed that the sun was going down and how nice the light was in the room. Suddenly, I remembered Bo and sat up.
"I totally forgot about Bo. He needs to go out, and it's past his dinner time."
"OK. Let's go and take care of him. I want to meet him, and I'd like to see your house." Laura said. "We should eat too. Do you have a grill?"
"Sure, but there's not much in the fridge I'm afraid."
"I've got steaks and salad stuff here. I'll grab it and we can go."
She came back out, with a big brown bag of food. She was also still naked.
"Let's go," she said.
"I'll need to get my clothes," I said.
"Why? It's just next door. We can go over like this. Nobody will see us."
Somewhat reluctantly, I agreed, and we went out the back gate. Walking around in the backyard was strange, but this took things to a whole new level.
We walked around to my back door where I had a key hidden, and went inside. Bo came running up to me, weaving in and out of my legs like I'd been gone for a month. Then he saw Laura, paused just a second, and then ran around her legs as if to say, oh boy, a new friend. Laura just started laughing and tried to pet him, but he was moving too fast.
"I think he likes you," I said as Laura continued laughing. "Watch your bare feet. It really hurts if he steps on them."
Having greeted us, Bo ran out into the backyard. Laura put down the groceries. I grabbed a tennis ball from the bucket I keep by the back door, and we followed Bo outside. I threw the ball and Bo was after it like a shot. Throw, return, repeat. I was trying to get the grill started with Bo bugging me to throw the ball, so when he brought it back, I handed it to Laura coated in slobber.
"Slobbery balls are one of the many pleasures of having a lab," I said.
"I've had other sticky things in my hand today," she said, raising her eyebrows at me and throwing the ball for the impatient Bo. "And hopefully there's more to come. Speaking of sticky, let's go take a shower before dinner."
I put down a bowl of food for Bo and then led Laura upstairs to the master bathroom. I opened the shower door, adjusted the water temperature, and we stepped in.
I reached over and got a handful of shower gel and gave some to Laura. She turned away from me and I started spreading the soap on her back, paying a great deal of attention to her bottom and between her cheeks. She had to put her hands against the wall and spread her legs to keep her balance, giving me better access to her upper thighs and the area above. I spread the soap up and down each of her legs and washed them thoroughly. I pulled her back against my chest and wrapped my arms around her torso, pinning her arms to the side. My cocked was pushed between her cheeks, slipping up and down in all that soap. She tightened her cheek muscles to squeeze my cock.
I grabbed a rough washcloth, covered it in soap, and starting at her chin, scrubbed her front, carefully avoiding her nipples and bare pussy. Going back to the spots I had skipped; I ran the rough fabric over her already erect nipples. She let out a little gasp as I scrubbed each of them. Sliding down her body, I scrubbed her outer lips, squeezing them together over her clit and she began to moan. I covered just my finger with the cloth, pushed it between her lips, and ran it gently over her sensitive clit. She pushed her hips up against the cloth, creating a pulsing pressure on her clit, as well as squeezing and sliding her cheeks up and down my cock. I increased the pressure as she rocked her hips faster and faster.    She froze with her clit pressed hard against my cloth-covered finger and let out a deep moan. Her knees buckled. I caught her and put her on the shower bench and washed the soap off of her with the hand-held shower.
When Laura had recovered, sitting on the bench, she got a handful of soap and turned me around. She washed my legs and butt thoroughly. I spread my legs to give her better access as she washed my crack and anus with great care. After giving my bottom a kiss, she turned me around again. As my cock was at eye level, she went to work cleaning my cock and balls. She looked up at me and smiled, with a sparkle in her eyes, as one hand slid up and down my shaft. Her other hand cleaned under my balls and all the way to my anus. She used the hand sprayer to wash the soap off of my cock.
She wrapped one hand around my shaft and pushed her lips around the head. Her other hand continued to wash my balls and taint. Using her hand and mouth on me, she pushed me to the edge of climax and then stopped. I moaned in frustration at being denied my climax. She restarted using her hands and mouth on me, and once again I felt my climax coming. She stopped again and I whimpered. After I calmed down again, she restarted. She was teasing me, and I couldn't take it. But as I approached the edge this time, she pushed her finger into my anus. She pulled back her head and pumped faster and faster with her hand until I exploded, with a loud prolonged moan, and came all over her face and breast. She rubbed my cum all over her chest and licked some off her fingers. I washed her breasts again and sprayed us both down with the hand nozzle to get rid of all the soap.
"If you had stopped again, I might have grabbed your head and face-fucked you."
"Maybe next time," she said, and came over and kissed me.
We dried off and went back downstairs to the kitchen, still naked.
Laura grabbed the steaks and headed outside to the grill. She grabbed an apron and put it on. What a sight. This gorgeous woman, dressed in only an apron, grilling steaks in my backyard. I just stood and stared, thinking how lucky I was.
She saw me staring and said, "Well, I didn't want anything to splash on my front."
Nor did I. I was quickly becoming very attached to this woman.
Dinner was delicious, and I was hungrier than I'd realized. Bo lay by the table hoping for a bit of steak, which of course he got from both of us.
After putting the dishes into the sink, I asked, "Would you like a tour of the house?"
"Maybe tomorrow. Right now, we need to go to bed."
"Your place or mine," I asked.
She laughed, "Let's just stay here."
So, we headed up to the bedroom, followed by Bo. I found her a new toothbrush, and we got ready for bed.
When I came out, she had already turned down the bed and turned out the main lights, in favor of one on the side table. I slid in beside her and Bo jumped up and tried to get us to play. It was an exciting day for him.
"Bo, off," I said, but he wasn't listening. In a slightly sterner voice, I said, "Go to your bed!" He gave me a dirty look and then jumped off the bed and went to his.
"Does he usually sleep with you?"
"No. Well, only during storms. He takes up the whole bed and pokes me with his paws. He's just excited that someone new is here. I'm pretty excited about that myself."
Laura turned toward me and gave me a big kiss. She said, "I'm excited to be here, too." She turned off the bedside lamp. Her hands ran down over my abs to my limp cock.
"Is he too tired? Let's see if we can't fix that. It's been a long time and I would love to play some more. I know I'll be sore in the morning, but it's worth it."
"I'm game if he is. He's going to need a lot of exercise to keep up with you."
While talking, she gently played with my cock and balls. When there was a little movement down there, she started kissing and biting my nipples almost to the point of pain. She kissed up my neck and sucked my ear lobe, then pressed her tongue into my ear. She kissed me on the lips, not a sexy kiss, but a loving one. We continued kissing for quite a while. Kissing is good between strangers, but it's so much better between lovers. I'm not sure what she felt, but sometime during the day, it felt to me like we switched from strangers to lovers. I felt more content than I had in years.
Her hand drifted down my body and, praise the lord, the dead had risen. She turned her back to me, so she was the little spoon and I slipped into her. The sex we had wasn't frenzied, but gentle and unhurried.
We fell asleep in each other's arms.
Author's postscript: Thanks for reading my story. Please vote below. You don't need to be a member to vote.