"Thanks for that babe. I've been wanting to tell you for years but didn't know how to broach it!"
My husband smiled at me as I lay on the bed with second load of spunk spilling out of my stinging asshole.
"I wish you'd told me earlier" I smiled "I could have been getting fucked like a dirty slut all this time!" I winked, running my hands over my naked breasts.
My husband smiled endearingly.
"So do you think you'll continue fucking other guys?" He questioned with a lop sided grin.
"Try and fucking stop me!" I ordered "My pussy is fizzing and I want more cock. This time I want to be double penetrated like a proper slut"
My husband looked pleased and shocked at the same time.
"Lick all of the cum out of my ass. I'll need it all clean for my next cocks!" I demanded "In fact you can keep my ass and pussy clean in between fucks!" I sneered.
Hubby knelt down behind me and buried his face between my ass cheeks. His tongue gently lapping around the stinging rim of my just fucked asshole.
"That feels so nice and soothing. Make sure you push your tongue all the way and get every drop of spunk!" I groaned enjoying the salacious pleasure my husbands tongue was providing.
With every drop licked up, my husband removed his face from my ass.
"Did you like tasting other men's spunk dripping out of my ass?" I sneered disrespectfully.
My husband nodded his head obediently.
"There'll be plenty more to clean before the night is over!" I smiled holding my pussylips open.
My husband smiled a weak smile and eased toward my opened pussy. I was revelling in my exhibitionism, enthralled by the new power I was controlling my husband with. I was unaware of the sexual thrill in humiliating ones spouse sexually.
"Tongue my pussy and get it primed for more cock!" I sighed "This cheating slut needs big cocks now!"
Hubby's eyes rolled as a deep groan of delight emanated from his throat, reverberating on my excited pussylips. Clamping my stockinged legs around his neck, I squeezed my pussy onto his probing tongue.
"Keep my cunt clean for big cocks!" I groaned, thrusting my pussy hard against my husbands mouth.
The room door opened as the sounds of people entering the room shook me from my oral bliss.
I looked up to find my first lover standing smiling with a very large dark haired man beside him.
"Me and Jeff are here to give you that DP you want!" He smiled stroking his huge erect cock.
I looked at Jeff, studying him cautiously. He was over 6 foot tall, wide across the chest, holding an absolutely massive cock. The head of his cock was deep purple as he stroked his right hand up and down the impressive shaft.
I felt my pussy tingle in anticipation as I stared lustfully at the wonderful specimen of manhood before me.
I pushed my husband away from me, not even looking at him as I stared at the two cocks about to satisfy me.
Jeff lay on the bed beside me, as I straddled one leg across his body. His hands went around my waist as he lifted me on to his body. His cock was nudging at my opening as I opened my mouth and felt his hot breath and tongue slide inside. His cock opened my pussylips and eased inside me effortlessly. I groaned with delight as his enormous cock pushed its way inside me until the head of his cock was banging at my cervix. No cock had ever been this deep inside me, and the stretching was sensation was sexual bliss.
His hands went to my full breasts and began to squeeze the flesh erotically. I eased up off his chest to give him more room to devour my breasts. I was riding his cock slowly, enjoying every vein and throb of his magnificent weapon.
I felt another cock nudge at my asshole as I swallowed heavily. My fantasy moment was near as I was about to be double penetrated for the first time. A blast of spit hit my asshole as I shook with desire at being treat like such a slut.
"You want both cocks fucking you don't you slut!" My earlier lover snarled arrogantly.
My pussy tingled with excitement hearing his words and attitude. I didn't want or need niceties. I needed fucking and I needed big hard cocks to fuck me.
"Yes please" I said subserviently "Please fuck me like my husband never could!" I finished, ensuring my husband heard as he traipsed out of the door.
"We're both gonna take turns in fucking your pussy and ass, then we'll finish off with some ass to mouth with you sucking the spunk out of our soiled cocks
Being treat this way produced my first orgasm of my impending threesome. My moaning grew louder as my previous lover slipped his cock inside my well lubricated asshole.
The sensation of my pussy and asshole being stretched so wonderfully by these two hard huge cocks was way better than I ever thought possible.
The mixture of sexual emotions being experienced was majorly life changing. I felt sensuality and sexual freedom like I'd never known. It was obvious from that moment that one cock would never be enough for me.
I could hear voices behind the mirror as the two huge cocks defiled me beautifully.
"That is one fantastic slut there. Look at her thrashing between the two guys. She can't get enough cock!" A voice very similar to my husbands shrieked with excitement.
I began to ride both cocks, enjoying the different sensations each cock was providing. Anal sex would be forever on my sexual curriculum from now on. Jeff squeezed my breasts, twisting my erect nipples as I panted loudly.
"Fuck me guys. Drowned me with your spunk!" I screamed as another orgasm surged through my entire erogenous body. No part of me was not orgasmic as the quivering sexual delight tantalised my whole body.
I looked at my orgasmic reflection, being fucked by two huge cocks, having my tits overpowered while wearing a garter belt, stockings and outrageously high heels. I saw the continuous flash of cameras on the other side of the mirror, possibly the odd video function being utilised, capturing my slut sex display.
I played up to the cameras, riding the cocks and panting.
"Fuck my pussy and ass. Give this cheating married slut your spunk!"
Both guys were at the end of their rope as they both indicated they were close to ejaculating.
I slid from between them and smiled.
"Spunk in my mouth!" Just as the first string of spunk splashed from Jeff cock. The string hit my cheek as I turned my open mouth to receive the rest of his powerful load.
As the last spurt left his cock, I placed my lips over the bulbous head and gently moved my lips over the purple engorged head. My previous lover was jerking his cock furiously. This was the cock that had been in my ass and nothing was going to stop me placing that cock in my mouth and swallowing every drop of spunk and ass juice.
I placed my hand on his hard vein riddled shaft and took his cock slowly into my mouth. Wrapping my pursed lips around his soiled cock, I began to suck gently as the first spurt of hot creamy spunk slid down my tongue, slipping its delicious way down my throat. At least four more powerful gushes of spunk followed the same route as I ensured every drop made its way down my throat.
Holding both spent cocks, I began to softly kiss and lick the heads and shafts of the two depleting cocks.
I was satisfied for the moment, but that would soon pass and my desire for cock would grow.