It's started with any night out with my mates Ben and Daniel. It was a Saturday night and we were headed off to another night spot in downtown. As usual, we were hoping that we will meet some girls to have fun with. But personally, I would like to meet maybe someone more special. Yes a night club is not the ideal place to meet that nice lady, but we up to having some fun no matter what happens.
It's been up to 3 years since my last committed relationship. It was with my then beautiful Vietnamese ex girlfriend Julie. I still think about her a lot. She was one hot lady who helped me indulge in my fantasies of exhibitionism and voyeurism.
Since that relationship finished I have meet some women who helped continue some of my fantasies but nothing long term and special enough.
It was at this new venue that I spotted her. She was with some of her friends on the dance floor. You know that pretty lady on the dance floor spotted by every guy there. That every guy peers at as she flirted endlessly at every one of them. She was slim, petite, blonde and had a beautiful complexion. She wore a sexy short dress. When she moved, she oozed a kind of sexuality. Yes her friends weren't bad looking either. But you know how it us, one lady really stands out. Maybe its the way she flirts because she knows she is the most attractive girl in the group or simply put, her personality stood out anyway. This girl had both. It was hot, seductive watching her smile, laugh and flirt with every passing male. I wanted her. So did my mates.
Then my mate Ben piped up, saying that chick looks pretty hot. I am going to ask her for a dance. Bugger, I thought, he's got his eye on the same girl.
Ben gets up and walks towards the dancing group.
I watch with envy as he tries to charm his way in. Actually it was rather funny as he danced his way into the group towards a different girl, not the pretty one I had my eyes on. I breath a little sigh of relief. I wasn't as bold as he was but charming in other ways as I reinforced my own ego.
I watched as Ben dances away with the other girl before returning "empty handed." We buy another round, then continued to watch the girls. Then a guy approaches the girl I am interested in. She smiles at him and there appears to be a few words said. But after a few swings he gets to go back to his seat, rejected. I eyed her, until she walks off to go to the bathroom. I kept an eye out until she came out and immediately she heads to the bar.
I thought, here's my chance. I get up to approach her, then some other bloke walks right in front of me and sits next to her. Fuck, I thought. I walk away. He tries to strike up a conversation but fortunately he also walks away. I walk straight up to her and sit to her right. And confidently spoke.
"What do you like to drink?"
"Southern with ginger beer." She smiles.
"Next round on me, plus one one on tap." I told the barman pointing.
"My name's Jason." I said confidently extending my hand to her.
She looked at me and extended her hand. I was "in love" she was stunningly pretty close up.
"I'm Eve, nice to meet you."
"Hey let's get out of here and watch a movie with me." I confidently asserted.
There was this smile and a pause from her. I think she is attractive to me.
"OK."
I couldn't believe it. My heart races in excitement. I will treat her like a lady I promised myself. I am lucky. I wave goodbye to my jealous mates as we walk out the door.
We made some small talk. But I was disappointed to hear she has a current boyfriend. Still I was very excitedly to be with her. She didn't say much, except her boyfriend was in the "bad" book at the moment, that's why she was out with the girls.
We choose a 24 hour movie theater 10mins walk away. It didn't matter what was showing. I just wanted to be with her even if she was "taken." And it appears she wanted to have some fun. I feel myself getting hot at the thought of being with another man's girl. We walk into the theater and we walk up to the back. By then my heart was pumping through my chest. I was very excited. Thoughts of making out with her races through my head. I throbbed excitedly.
After sitting down, we make some more small talk. She was a receptionist at a law firm. I was excited to hear she worked in law as I was a lawyer myself in downtown. We had a connection now. It was a relief.
I looked at her as we spoke. I was already bestowed by her charm, her sexy demeanor. I casually put my right arm behind her, trying to bring her closer. She senses my desire and moves closer.
I couldn't believe it maybe she really wants a little fun tonight and she was joking about the boyfriend.
I smell the beautiful scent of her perfume. Quite frankly I felt like I wanted to eat her. I was mesmerized. She was hot and inviting. My penis now fully erect under my pants. I wanted her. I wanted her to touch me and I wanted to kiss her. I play with her hair with my right hand, touching her skin. She doesn't hold back. Then I feel her fingers running lightly along my hand and arm, slowly seducing me. It felt like electricity running through me. I was getting extremely aroused now. I can now smell her excitement. It mingles with her sexy perfume. I look directly at her. Those beautiful eyes and smile completely seduces me. I wanted her.
I move closer to kiss her and she responds. I was in heaven. The thought of being with another guys girl was turning me on. My heart races in excitement as we kissed passionately. Then her right hand moves down. I hear her quiet moans as she rest her hand on my bulge and begins lightly massaging circles. Oh god, I wanted to experience her. I move my left hand over her breasts and surprisingly she doesn't stop me. Then I move my hand down the front of her top and feel her the skin of her breast. I can feel her perky breast. I massage her nipples. She moans quietly from my touch. I continued kissing her passionately. Then move my hand down to her sexy short dress. But she stops me.
"I'm not sure I should be doing this. If my boyfriend finds out, he's isn't going to be happy. He will kill me, seriously" She whispers.
I looked at her but then quickly continued to kiss her. I wanted her.
"I haven't touched another guy for a while. I feel a little dirty." She whispers, her face turning red.
Oh god yeah, I thought. It's just what I wanted. Oh god I feel myself starting to pump my pelvis against her hand resting on my bulge. It was music to my ears. Oh god I wanted to experience her right now.
"You are so beautiful. Just let's yourself so. Be yourself." I whispered excitedly.
"Oh god I feel so dirty." She smiled biting her lower lip.
I continued pumping my hip against her hand, wanting her to masturbate me. But she continues to lightly run her fingers around my bulge tormenting me. She wasn't in a hurry and probably hesitant to be with a stranger in a sexual encounter so soon.
But I try to reassure her, that I liked her and would like to see her again. I tried the charm offensive and it appeared to slowly work. I didn't want this to be a one night thing, even if she says she has a boyfriend.
By now I was so aroused. I continued to passionately kiss her and she offered no resistance. She smelt so delicious. I felt like eating her. I feel her hand starting to grip me. She was getting turned on by the prospect of touching another guys penis. She's moans. It was driving me crazy. I really wanted her.
" Oh god, oh god, I feel so dirty." She moans quietly.
She starts to move her hand beneath my pants then down beneath my underwear. I am completely wet now. Completely hard. I moan in excitement when I feel her soft warm hand make contact. Oh god, I am so hot, worked up.
"Oh god, oh god." She moans as she grips me and moves her hand up and down.
"Oh god, I never thought I would do this. I feel so hot now. Please don't think I am a slut." She whispers innocently. "I was just teasing the guys."
"Absolutely not, I really like you. When I saw you on the dance floor, I wanted you, no one else. Just be yourself." I whispered back.
"You are so beautiful. I feel very attractive to you. Do you feel the same?." I asked.
"Oh yeah, oh yeah." She begins to moan excitedly.
Her hand firms her grip. It felt like she was reassuring me. Then she pulls her hand out and starts to unzip my pants letting the rock hard shaft spring out. Oh god, I wanted her to go wild on me.
"Do you think anyone can see us?" She asked nervously.
"If anyone's watching, I don't care now. I just want you." I whispered back. "Actually it turns me on."
"Oh yeah, oh yeah." She smirked lustiful and starts to kiss me while lightly touching me.
Then she sits up and starts to lick the palm of her right hand then return it to my swollen head and shaft, twisting firmly up and down. She stares at me with that hot sexy smile.
"You like that? yeah. You like how I lick my hand, yeah?" She moans excitedly.
Oh god, she's starting to talk dirty. Oh god I am in love with this girl Eve.
"Oh god, I just love to masturbate guys, oh god yeah, guys just love it when I masturbate them, they lose all control, it's so hot, oh god I feel so dirty." She teases blushingly.
Oh my god she's hot, so hot now. Oh god I wanted her to go crazy on me, be herself. Masturbate me like sure does with other guys. Let them watch her jerk me off. I am sure security can see. But they will enjoy the private show.
She continues to deliberately lick the palm of her right hand and apply it on the shaft whilst staring at me with that lustiful look. I am mesmerized by her, her eyes penetrating my soul. She continues the dirty tease.
"Oh yeah you like that, eh?" She continues teasing.
I close my eyes, and listen to her excitement. Listen to her breathing. Listen to her moans. Feel her presence. Smell her next to me. And feel her hand starting to pump me between the firm twisting.
We begin kissing again. I was completely putty now. Oh god pretty girls these days are so hot, rather experienced.
Then she goes back to licking her hand a few more times. Each time her sexual pace picks up, as does her excitement. Her grip firms and her stroking picks up speed.
"Oh yeahh, you like that? I love masturbating guys, oh yeah, so hot, so dirty. Oh I feel so dirty now, oh god yeah." She moans enthusiastically. " Oh yeah, you like to hear me talk dirty, yeah?"
Then she bends down and let drip a large drop of her saliva. She massages the thick fluid over the head and shaft.
"Yeah, you like that?" She teases.
Then immediately she grips me firmly. Her hand suddenly goes into a frenzied blur. It was wild and furious. I start to go crazy. My pelvis pumps rapidly to meet her fast stroking hand. She moans in excitement. My mind explodes in sheer pleasure. I roll my head side to side and finally back. The loud erotic sound of her masturbating me fills the theater.
"Oh god yeah, feel so good, feel so good. I just love when a guy loses control. She moaned enthusiastically with a smirk. "Oh yeah, I just llve the sound of stroking."
She pulls my shirt up sensing the inevitable orgasm. Suddenly I feel people are watching. It was surreal and turning me on.
In seconds I explode. I look at her beautiful face as she squeals in excitement. It was incredibly beautiful at that moment, that lustiful look when a beautiful girl makes a guy cum. Her excited enthusiasm so hot.
"Oh yeah, guys really like it, oh yeah." As she continues pumping.
Oh my god, I want this girl Eve. I try to kiss her as she finally slows, milking me to a complete finish. She was more than incredible.
"Oh god, I feel so dirty. I am so sorry. You are not meant to see me like this, I have only just met you." She blushes embarrassingly. "I feel so guilty."
I quickly hold her, telling her how beautiful she was. That she deserved more. More in a guy. I told her I am a genuine guy, that is looking for a real relationship. She rest her head on my shoulder as I embraced her kissing her. She responded with no hesitation.
I cleaned up and we quietly walk back down to the exit. I hold her hand as we walked out. Outside I embraced her. I can already feel the tingling throbbing down there. I was very attractive to her. I told her that I wished to see her again. She just looked at me and smiled. It melted me that sexy smile. But she did not answer, instead walked away to the taxi. But she did blow me a kiss. Goodbye Eve.