This story is loosely inspired by Iain M. Banks'sCulturenovels, specificallyThe Player of Games.The focus is mainly on the mental aspect of erotic humiliation and ENF. Not a whole lot of actual sex, if that's what you're looking for! Naturally everyone depicted is a consenting adult of 18 or more years of age.
Thanks to E, K, and H (you know who you are!) for providing inspiration and motivation for the story! It wouldn't have been completed without you guys!
Lainne stared out at the vista of her backyard, not seeing the rolling plains and curled mountains she herself designed years ago. They had been a gift from a wealthy student who had long since made their own way, on another system habitat. The modest dwelling hosted the tail end of a birthday party, her own two hundredth, and she found that, deep in thought as she was, even the sight of old friends, pupils, and well-wishers did not prove the distraction she had hoped it would.
Many had already left, each paying their respects to perhaps the most sharpened biological mind ever turned to the playing of games this corner of the universe was likely to produce. Lainne looked up, seeing in the sky a panel occluded by wispy clouds and blued atmosphere, one of the habitat's orbiting panels moving slowly into place, marking the end of the day for this part of the giga-structure on which she called home. Time to begin the slow process of herding the last of the party-goers off on their way.
A thought was all it took to signal System to galvanize the small machines the dotted her home, some carrying food and drink and so already near the visitors, into gently suggesting they begin wrapping things up and departing. The woman of the hour closed her eyes for a moment, leaning on the stone balcony, and then pushed off to play the host.
She walked among the throngs of people, shaking hands, touching mobile environment plates, and bowing to those where physical touch was either impractical or impolite. Slowly her living quarters emptied, the only stragglers (besides the ancillary automatons clearing up glasses and such) being close friends and locals who need not worry about off-hab shuttles, and whom anyways Lainne trusted to make their way out presently.
Hostly duties done, she found herself once again deep in though, looking but not seeing, and trying very hard to not to succumb to an ennui she had been trying and failing to ward away for a very long time.
Lainne had made a name for herself in the civilized reaches of the universe at a very young age for being an extraordinary player of games. Games of skill, instinct, luck, reflexes, and especially mental acuity had been learned, played, and mastered in astonishingly small amounts of time. When the pursuits of entire swathes of civilizations, of galaxies, were oftentimes what the individual made for themselves, not constrained for hundreds of thousands of years by survival, or even scarcity, the competitive nature of games were one of the last bastions of anything resembling danger and conflict, and as such those citizens whom made it their calling found celebrity among the most vaunted of artists and athletes, their matches and records the gossip of trillions of sentient minds.
Lainne had been the foremost of these players, filling entire planets with spectators eager to see her face off against the best of the best, in any number of different pursuits. An entire moon was once terraformed and filled with atmosphere, to represent the board of a game of pieces and counters calledGhet.Each piece, usually represented by a small glass pebble, blown up the size of small town. Spectators camped and partiedonthe pieces of their favorite player, literally as in the action as it was possible to get.
Lainne and her opponent, anotherGhetplayer from a system colonized by it's aquatic natives, played the traditional strategic board game to its fullest extent, taking (Lainne blinked, as she saw a small System controlled shuttle decamp in her valley, far in the distance; annoyed, she queried System but didn't get an immediate answer.) a record breaking three standard months to complete. The final configuration of that game had since become a popular destination point, staffed and peopled with the die-hard fans from the original playing, some of them having never left their titanic game piece. (A latecomer for your party, Lainnecame System's response, having no trouble taking the time to hold a personal conversation despite its billions of other responsibilities.)
Lainne's status, rising and soaring into the realm of legend, only continued to grow as she explored the universe for new and novel games. Some were as deceptively simple as placing markers on a grid, some incredibly complicated (one required the player to grow several additional arms to effectively play, and others played only in the mind, moves made and defended with how well one could exert their emotions), and her hungry mind voraciously learned, mastered, and promptly moved on when the pool of skilled players dried up. It was a heady pleasure to win, a greater pleasure to win against masterful opponents, and an even greater pleasure to win despite dizzying odds, for ludicrous wagers. It was the one addiction she couldn't shake.
Soon, her reputation began to work against her.
It began to take longer and longer to find another game after moving on from the last, the time spent traveling from system to system taking ever greater amounts of time, until finally Lainne found she spent nine tenths of each year twiddling her thumbs on her luxury class ship, pretending to enjoy the company of her entourage, playing handicapped games against the ship intelligence.
And when she finally came across some far flung habitat or planet with an interesting game and competent players, she found herself politely shunned by communities who regarded her in the realms of inorganic intelligence: so far outside of the realm of equal footing that games were pointless, except as practice.
One day she decided, after spending three years traveling to visit a planet hosting a game, played using only droppers containing perfumes, and finding no skilled opponent willing to risk their reputation against her, to go back home.
Dropping lackeys and hangers-on off along the way, Lainne thought for a long time about what she wanted, and ways to achieve what she liked best in the world: a close game, and the euphoric feeling of victory over an opponent skilled enough to give her a run for her money. She considered adopting a disguise, surgical IQ limiters, and a host of other ideas along the way, and scheduled stops to test the various methods out.
Nothing really worked, or if it did, not for very long.
At last, Lainne disembarked on the habitat on which she was borne and made known that she would start a school. Teaching filled the void for a while, but it proved no substitute for what she wanted, and even her secret hope (that she find and raise up a player even more skilled than she) never came to pass.
As the institute grew around her, she spent less and less time among the eager young minds, and left after installing a bright former student in her place as headmistress.
Years passed, much of it spent in her retreat, growing more pensive and melancholy. She kept her skills sharp by sparring with System, the only person she kept much in contact with. She insisted she be given no handicap in any of their games, and therefore not won a single game of chance or skill in all her time in isolation.
Lainne had come to the unfortunate conclusion that she was the best (organic) player of games in the universe. Her hungry mind, so used to the constant thrill of learning and playing, had to content itself with other pursuits. A few more untried methods to find an interesting game and skilled opponents lay before her, but they were paths that, once started, could not be halted. And so she sulked and moped.
The end of the party left her in a particularly deep gloom. Perhaps it was time to consider one of these untried solutions.
One would be to ask to be interred to suspended animation, something citizens usually only did when they felt they had reached the end of their life, and succumbed to the boredom that haunts those twilight years. Naturally, it was a reversible process, but not something to be treated lightly.
Lainne figured a century or two would be enough time for existing opponents to come to maturity, a remarkably similar solution an ancient hunter would opt for, after a locale had been scoured of game.
Yes, and why not? It isn't as if I weren't dead already, with how little I socialize. Maybe I'll ask to be put under even longer, so I'm totally forgotten when I wake up...thought Lainne, already perking up at the prospect of her decision. She looked over her hills again; would they be gone when she next awoke?
She found she didn't much care.
The house was empty, and Lainne was invigorated, now she had a plan of action. She asked System to draft up an announcement of her internment, to be circulated to among her few friends and colleagues. System itself seemed a little withdrawn after she had told it her decision, but had not tried to convince her otherwise. Lainne reclined on a chair, happy, but feeling a bit guilty despite herself.
You think I'm making a mistake, don't you?She thought to System.
Not at all, Lainne. I know how unhappy you've been, with no games to play except against myself,came the instantaneous reply.
System's messages, blinkered directly into it's citizen's minds, gave off the feeling of a motherly but businesslike entity. Lainne considered the synthetic intelligence one of her closest friends, and trusted it a great deal beyond the inherent trust placed in the steward of the artificial habitat where one lived. It was responsible for managing the course of the massive rock and steel habitat as it floated through space, as well as everything from atmosphere controls to answering queries and managing the personal safety of its manifold biological inhabitants. Lainne had known and liked System since she was a child, and it was System who first introduced her to the world ofGhet,forever ago.
Their relationship had grown as Lainne did, and it was a point of intense pride that Lainne was able to say she hailed from Geulinne Habitat as she received the accolades of her storied career. Their relationship slowly evolved from genial parent to willful child to semi-equals over the many years they had known each other. Lainne realized it was the long talks with System she would miss most when she entered oblivion, for however long she finally decided on.
I will miss you, Sys,she communicated. A glow of what could only be described as all encompassingly love suffused Lainne, and she grew a little dewy eyed.
Nonsense, little Lainne. I've existed for thousands and thousands of years. Your jaunt in suspended animation will be but a moment to me, and I will be here when you wake up, never fear.System's words gave rest to Lainne's hesitation about the dramatic last resort.
Before I inter you, you may as well receive this last guest. He seems to have traveled a long way away,System said.
Lainne blinked, remembering System telling her about the small craft landing in her backyard. Was the passenger just getting here? Had he walked all that way?
Annoyed at having her internment delayed, and also a little curious to meet the person who would bother to walk that handful of miles rather than use a personnel conveyance (or teleport, but many synthetic minds were reluctant to put any of their charges at the risk such a mode of transport entailed, despite the vanishingly small odds of mishap.)
Just a Lainne was about to ask this of Sys, she heard a knock come from the faux-wood door.
How odd,Lainne thought offhandedly. She didn't know if anyone had ever bothered to actuallyknockon her door before. She paused a moment before opening the door, determined to greet and promptly send on their way, whoever this was.
The person who stood on her doorstep seemed of fairly standard make, but with the characteristic wide bearing those who made their home on planets of above average gravity. He wore clothes of a dignified but foreign design, and a trimmed beard on his square face. And very tall.
Did she know him? Lainne had an astounding mind for faces, so barring drastic cosmetic alterations, she was sure they had never met. She put on a smile in any case.
"How do you do? I'm afraid you've missed the party; I can send you off with some wine and snacks, but I'm afraid I can't entertain much more than that," Lainne said, finding herself craning her neck to meet his eye.
No fuss at being misremembered; stranger he was.
"I am speaking with Lainne, correct?" the man said, voice quiet and quite deep. Lainne nodded, and stepped aside to let him in.
"And who might you be? It isn't often I meet new people, all the way out on Guelinne."
Lainne mentally queried the household drones to box up some leftovers for the guest as she spoke.
"I am Foulde. I have come a long way to playGhetwith one of the best biological players." Foulde's voice, speaking the standard language perfectly, nevertheless gave off the air of a non-native speaker. Lainne's welcoming expression fell from her face.
"I am afraid I must disappoint you, Foulde. I no longer play."
The moment the stranger made his objective clear, Lainne immediately lost all interest in maintaining a pretense of civility. She hadn't heard of him; therefore he was not skilled enough to provide an entertaining game ofGhet.
It used to be she had to drive would-be challengers away by the crowd, before instating a policy of high-stake wagers. Many considered even losing to her a feather in their cap, but not everyone was willing to drudge for System as a manual laborer for a year. This was one of the most intense forfeits citizens could pay; a period of hard work and little to no free time was borderline torturous to those used to the freedom to pursue whatever they liked, whenever they liked. (System also took an inordinate amount of joy at the few drudgers Lainne provided it, despite the fact itreally didn'tneed the help.)
Lainne accepted a wrapped box from one of the drones and proffered it towards Foulde. He looked at it with interest but made no motion to accept it.
"I was told you accepted games with wagers. Have you ceased this practice?" Foulde said. Lainne set the box aside and sighed.
"I suppose not, but I am currently busy. I will also be unavailable for the foreseeable future."
Foulde seemed to think on this bit of news. Lainne sat down.
"This is unfortunate. I was told you were the best, and I have run out of opponents," he finally said. Lainne snorted at hearing the familiar problem.
More likely, this Foulde, after rising to the top of his backwater system, had heard about a strong player not too far away and come running to make a name for himself. She had heard the same story time after time, and grown weary of the comparison. Did they think themselves remotely similar to her, when she had spent decades trawling the known universe for better and better players?
"I am sorry to disappoint you, but I have not accepted games from...unknownplayers in a long time. Please, take some food, spend some time enjoying our System; you'll find no lack of skilledGhetplayers here. I do apologize for making you come all this way, but I really must attend to other matters." Lainne said. Foulde frowned, the most expression he had shown since showing up.
"A half game, then. With whatever stakes you would like. Please, I have traveled a long way to play you."
The two studied each other for a long moment. Lainne looked at the man; the man looked at her.
No bluster, no ego, nothing but an implacable patience showed on his face. He reminded her again of someone she had once met, but for the life of her she couldn't put her finger on who.
"My answer is still no. Best of luck finding an opponent elsewhere." Lainne got up, and motioned towards the door. Foulde sat, only the tiniest speck of annoyance showing on his face. The moment passed, Lainne standing, Foulde sitting, the situation going from awkward to outright ridiculous. Lainne scowled, and communicated with Sys.
Can you...?she asked, reluctant and embarrassed to have come to this point. Several household drones appeared from her home and arrayed themselves like a line of put-upon servants tasked with escorting an unruly guest from a high-class hotel. Foulde seemed to take no note of this.
Why not just play him?Sys said, it's voice trying (and failing) to hide mirth at the situation.If he isn't worth your time, a half game will pass quickly. He might even surprise you with some modicum of skill. And really, what better way to start your suspension than with a game?
Lainne groaned internally. Now that Sys had gotten in its head that she should humor the visitor, she was unlikely to get any help booting him out. She stalked to where Foulde still sat like a recalcitrant school-child.
"Fine. A half game. The stakes are the surgical confiscation of your manhood for a year and a day. See Sys for the procedure after you lose," she spat out. Foulde, brightening at first, paled at the insane forfeit. Lainne enjoyed seeing him squirm.
No sane man would use his generative organ as a gambling chip.
When he replied, she thought for a moment she misheard him.
"As you wish."
They sat on the veranda, setting up a priceless handcraftedGhetboard Lainne had won years ago. Lainne shifted from disbelief at his acceptance, to remorse at having to neuter the man, and then back to annoyance at having her hand forced.
Probably already a eunuch, or so obsessed with Ghet that the absence of his piece doesn't bother him,Lainne though.
Actually, his heartbeat skyrocketed the moment you named the stakes of your game,Sys replied. Lainne hadn't actually meant to broadcast the earlier thought, Lainne frowned, and sent ashushto Sys.
Outside interference, even as something as innocuous as the tidbit Sys relayed, affronted the spirit ofGhet.Lainne looked at Foulde again, the very picture of serenity as his large fingers set the board. For a moment she almost felt guilty, now that she would be responsible for gelding the fellow. A stint without a cock would teach him to take no for an answer, at least.
Foulde finished placing the pieces, the board sparser than usual for the half game.
Lainne took a breath and sat down. She felt excited to play a biological opponent, despite herself. Foulde pulled out his char, but then paused as if a thought had struck him.
"Forgive me, but the forfeit you ask of me is rather extreme. Might I ask for something, should I win?" he said, shyly avoiding Lainne's gaze.
Ah ha.
"I suppose so. In fact, name anything you wish. You'll not be winning," Lainne replied. Foulde nodded, and slowly sat down.
"Then I would ask to eat a meal with you," he said. Lainne snorted.
"You can dine with me anyways, after you become a neuter. Come, exercise your imagination." Foulde sat silent before raising his gaze.
"Then, a meal... and with you in the nude, as well." Lainne blinked, and then began to laugh. Foulde sat awkwardly as Lainne laughed at the hilariously tame (in comparison) forfeit. So the man wanted to see what the great Lainne looked like naked, eh? The thought of the ridiculous sight sent her into another laughing fit.
After Lainne recovered from her outburst, she continued.
"Very well! A game, with the loser leaving something of theirs before the dinner table."
Lainne wicked a tear from the corner of her eye, and Foulde let a small smile of his own form. Lainne let her hand drift towards the board; the moment she made contact with a game piece, her face stilled suddenly, to complete neutrality.
"Shall we begin?"
Foulde made the first move. A classic, if orthodox, opening, and Lainne replied in kind. She found it unnerved opponents to find their tried and true gambits unravel before their eyes, and that is how the start of the game went. Despite herself, Lainne found the weight of the polished markers comforting in her hand, and the thrill of a game against an opponent who wasn't more intelligent than her to thenth degree engaging, almost to the point of distraction.
Foulde almost baited her into a blunder with a clever obviation, telling her he was at least not playing by rote. Lainne contented herself by maintaining the status quo, making no aggressive moves, still curious as to how her opponent conducted himself.
He played... oddly, she thought after she had gotten a feel of play- and his habit of deviating from classic stratagems with curious little quirks. Perhaps he was playing cautiously, trying to feel out her out, or timid due to her reputation. His movements indicated he was unused playing with physical pieces- his hands made quick, jerky little movements, like a bird pecking at the ground. Weirdly uncharacteristic of a man of his stature.
Lainne could recount the texture and idiosyncrasies of hundreds of thousands of players, of millions of games. Big men generally tried to exert their personalities with how the placed their pieces, as if sayingHo, look how loudly I slam my chit upon the board! Quake a quiver before my brawn, if not my brain!
Foulde did not do this. His style and mannerisms spoke of caution, and a flighty, squirrelly kind of intellect. Lainne didn't know if she approved or not, but the game was at least engaging.
Lainne tilted her head, studying the board. A curious game had led to a curious arrangement. They were on the precipice of the endgame, and a small mound of taken pieces sat to the side of the board. A true game ofGhetwould only be beginning by this point, but now they were nearly at the point of no return and no player had achieved a clear advantage.
The game had progressed much in the way it started. Neither player ventured overmuch, and each small foray and enticement was met with clever counters. If both players were not careful, the game could end in a draw, something Lainne detested.
Clack.If she could not draw Foulde out, she would go on the offensive, and see how the curious man responded. While she waited for Foulde to make his play, Lainne sat back and studied him.
He played well, especially considering what he stood to lose. Lainne had known many a strong player who crumbled when the stakes rose above what petty nothings they accustomed. To play well under pressure was a hallmark- no, a necessity of a well rounded player, no matter the game you played.
Lainne's mind wandered, thinking of past games, and their sometimes ludicrous stakes. She had won favors from the affluent, riches untold- hell, she had technically played for and won a planet, if you counted that moon.
She had witnessed those who had wagered and lost. One game (witnessed only as a bystander) a player had bet their body. Not in the sexual context, but their body- flesh and blood, organs and skin, only reserving ownership of their brain and bits of their spinal cord, to be kept suspended in a nutrient solution. When they lost, they had the hollow, lost look of the condemned.
As far as she knew, the victor still kept the poor bastard around as a conversation piece in their study. Not even the protective A.I. shepherds and administrators could intervene, as technically murder had not occurred, and both parties had consented to the arrangement beforehand.
Lainne returned to the game. Foulde sat staring at her with a bewildered, owlish expression. Lainne looked at the board.
And looked at it again.
Foulde had entrapped her. She had blundered. When?
She recalled the game-state last move, the move before... there. Her throat grew dry when she saw it in her mind, the moment she had made the fatal mistake. Seven turns ago. She had overextended herself and not seen it. How could she have not seen it? Foulde had even obviated a turn, giving her an out had she seen the mistake in the first place, like he was unsure if it was a trap to lure him in.
Lainne sat back in her chair. She was numb. Her ego had sabotaged her. She treated the challenge of the game as a trivial thing, something to occupy herself before she arrogantly interred herself into her crypt of pride.
Lainne, the most masterful player ofGhetto ever live, had made a mistake a player not a year into learning would make. It seemed an eternity she sat, the offending game piece the only thing she could see, the only thing she could focus on.
"...aine? Are you alright? Do you wish to take a break from the game?"
Laine looked up. She did not know how long Foulde had been trying to get her attention before she came to herself. She saw without seeing the very face of courteous worry on his face. He had half risen from his chair, and was currently trying to catch the attention of her household A.I. She tracked his motion for a moment, then sent a silent querie to Sys.
Did I have a stroke in the middle of the game? Am I currently having a stroke?
No, dear. Besides an elevated heartrate, you are the very picture of health. You knew that, tough, because I would have caught and prevented any such thing from happening in the first place.
System's reply was soft-spoken and gentle.
Perhaps you should reassure your guest, before he calls an emergency drone to your residence. I would tell him myself, but he has opted to ignore incoming messages,Sys continued, (with an air of ever so slight affronted puzzlement).
"I am fine, Foulde. I concede our game," Lainne finally managed to say. Foulde turned back, in the midst of some well meant scheme to impart a plea for help via shaking a cleaning drone above his head.
"Oh. I wasn't sure what you were attempting with your Sun Pawn. I kept trying to see the entrapment, but..." he trailed off, gesturing towards the board with the scrabbling robot still in hand. Lainne felt pinpricks of shame needle her. She had not lost a serious game ofGhetfor years, and now her opponent was falling over backwards to placate her. She suddenly felt like a decrepit has-been, lording over those who had long surpassed her but too polite to contradict their raving elder.
"I apologize for worrying you. You can set the drone down now."
"Ah, very well. It was a good game. I spent it feeling like a hind in the sights of a wolf, just to find salvation by happenstance. Has it been long since you've played? We could play again..."
"No. You won, fairly and with skill. I should apologize for wasting your time. You could have found a better game with nearly anyone else on this habitat."
Lainne sighed, and stood up. Not only was making such a mistake uncharacteristic of her, she now actually felt bad about making Foulde accept such a ludicrous forfeit to play her. She bent to begin clearing the board.
"Are you staying here long? I'm sure I could introduce you to other strong players. Sys, would you call a cab for our guest? And perhaps arrange for lodgings as well. Unless you already have a place to stay?"
"Thank you, but I have no interest in playing anyone else. I have a small ship docked, which is where I prefer to sleep."
"A personal ship, eh? Not many can persuade an intelligence to serve as their personal ferry. Can I offer that gift basket to you again?"
Lainne hustled and bustled, eager to maintain some dignity as she directed drones to clean up and fetch leftovers from the party. Foulde coughed politely.
"Actually, I already have dinner plans. Here, in fact. With you." Lainne stopped mid-step.
She had forgotten. They were going to dine after the game. Him, as he was, and her...
In the nude.
Truth be told, she was inexperienced with the act of losing, of paying wagers. That was usually what happened to the other person. She usually won, and either reveled in the heady glee of a massive windfall or the humiliation and discomfit of the loser.Shedidn't lose... except that she had. Just now.
And she had to strip off all her clothes and have dinner with a man she had just met an hour ago.
Oh dear.
It isn't like you've never been naked in your life, Lainne. I don't see what the big issue is.
Sys's voice followed Lainne to her sleeping quarters, where her trembling hands gripped a dresser, the one piece of furniture in her room (besides the grav bed), hoping the cool mahogany would still her nerves, or at least stop the shakes long enough for her to begin to undress.
It was true. Lainne had, in fact, been naked once or twice in her life before now. Usually- actually,alwaysit was in the privacy of a bedroom, and only witnessed by the very occasional bedfellow. And that hadn't been foryearsandyears...
And this wasn't some late night fling with the confidence of youth to back her up- this was the payment of a wager. She was going to walk out there naked because she had bet, and lost. She hadn't even entertained the notion of losing, but she had, and now it was time to pay the piper.
Like most citizens of civilized space, her body was not subject to the wear of time, no matter how old she chose to live. Her appearance was that of herself in her early twenties (with the only concession to age being something about her eyes, she was told.)
Fine, straight hair framed stark features. Her angular bones gave her a rather handsome, cutting figure in the context of a high-stakesGhethall. She brought (still trembling) hands up to neck and got them to work on plain buttons. Inch by inch, pale skin was revealed. It wasn't until she undid the last button did her cream colored smock fall open. Rather large breasts, with pale pink nipples, pebbled with gooseflesh, were revealed. She dropped the garment to the floor.
The pants went much faster without buttons for nervous hands to contend with, and soon she stood in front of the mirror as bare as the day she was decanted from the vat. Her body was toned and unblemished, almost like porcelain. She shifted this was and that, two pendulous orbs mirroring her movement just out of sync. A small mound of black hair accented her nethers, but elsewhere she was smooth.
You need to spend more time in the sun, dear.
She had to agree with Sys- her skin bordered on an almost unhealthy looking, luminous pale white. She looked ridiculous, and she was going to march out to meet that man and sit down and make small talk andoh god he was going to probably drag this out as long as he couldand she would have to grin and bear it, laugh at his jokes and hope he didn't have a camera visual augment or else her ghastly bleached tits would be the talk of the entirefuckinghabitat in hours, and the hot story of the vaunted Lainne dining naked would be plastered on every news program for months...
She didn't know how long she stood squirming and wallowing in self-pity, but even she realized it was beginning to border on the unreasonable. The kitchen drone sent a message that the food was finished. She had to walk out there at some point; it may as well be now.
She opened the door. She paced into the living room (her boobs swaying and shaking with every step, bare feet slapping the synthstone floor) and sat down.
She looked up when a plate was placed in front of her, and found Foulde, sitting across from her, expression that of a deer caught in headlights. His shocked expression (mainly focused on a certain chest-high feature on his dining partner) never left her. After a moment his expression softened, but the focus didn't diminish an iota. He looked like he was working on committing the image of the nakedGhetlegend to memory (or pressing 'play',a paranoid part of her thought) and it was quite a while before either caught the others' eye.
Foulde did not seem the least bit embarrassed at being caught staring at the naked woman. Lainne cleared her throat.
"I, uh, enjoy this dish. It's a stew I grew up eating."
Foulde looked down, as if realizing for the first time food had been placed in front of him. He grabbed a spoon (in that peculiar bird-like way of his) and tried a bit.
"It's very good. Quite spicy," he said. Lainne nodded, awkward and embarrassed, and began to slowly eat, herself, not tasting a spoonful of the dish. Their meal continued in a charged silence, Foulde's eyes never leaving her body, Lainne wishing she was anywhere but here.
It wasn't long, as Lainne tried to distract herself from what was going on, before she absentmindedly spilled a spoonful of the hot, spicy broth on herself, right between her breasts. She muffled a yelp and grabbed a napkin, mopping up the red liquid that streaked down her chest, over her belly, and down to her-
And found what the effects of capsaicin had on certain, delicate mucous membranes.
At first it was merely unpleasant, but the discomfort quickly mounted to outright pain as she dabbed at herself, horrified, but at least quite diverted now. Her crotch felt like it had caught fire, and she jumped up, rubbing furiously with a sodden napkin, before realizing what she was doing right in front of-
She shrieked, both in pain and mortification, and ran to the kitchen. A drone came carrying a glass of water, which she immediately used to douse her blazing crotch, and cried in anguish when did nothing at all. She looked around in a panic, desperate to find something that could juststopthis agony- she danced from foot to foot around the kitchen, beyond caring that she probably looked ridiculous, for what seemed an eternity.
Finally, she heard Sys in her head.
Take this, place it on your genitals, and dispense it in a patting motion.
Sys had come to the rescue; a drone carrying an ointment laden cloth hovered in front of her. She snatched and slapped it on herself in desperation.
Like magic, the moment the cold cream touched her skin the burning stopped.
Lainne stood bent, one hand on the counter-top, the other still lathering the medicine on herself, face flushed and covered in tears and snot. For a moment she just reveled in the bliss that the end of pain brought, breathing deeply, eyes closed, shoulders quivering with spent adrenaline.
A cough, from behind her.
Lainne slowly unhunched, and turned around. Foulde was still there. And with a first row seat to perhaps the single most humiliating thing that had ever happened to her.
She found she could not meet his eyes, and too out of breath and witless to formulate anything approaching speech.
Just say something, anything,she willed, still firmly pressing the towel to herself.
She wanted to die, right then, as she stared at Foulde's feet.
"Are you alright, now?" he said, in the tone of voice one would use to ask someone who had tripped on a pleasant stroll in a park.
"Yes," she replied. A beat.
"Ah, splendid. I quite enjoyed our game and your company at dinner. I will be staying a week before I return home, and would like to play you again before I do. Have a pleasant evening."
His feet left Lainne's field of view. She heard the front door open, and close.
Slowly, deliberately, she sank to the ground, and for the first time in a long time, she began to cry.
The view from what the inhabitants of the artificial asteroid habitat called the village was pleasant. Lainne sipped tea on a patio of a rustic cafe/pub. The weather (as always) was pleasant, and the soft sound of distant conversation drifted from inside.
Her eyes occasionally drifted over to the small holoscreen housed inside, but the display continued to display the scrolling stable of milquetoast topics that passed for news these days.
She wore a shawl, a darkened opaque visor, and bulky clothing. Her confidence in her disguise was shaken somewhat when the barkeep greeted her by name the second she walked in, but many of the other patrons seemed not to recognize her.
What do you expect? You've been holed up in your ivory tower for years- none but your friends would recognize you off-hand.
Sys, ever even-humored, was conciliatory for the day or so it took Lainne to recover from her ordeal, but only because of how distraught it's charge was, not (appearing) to understandwhybeing forced to strip due of a lost game she had staked her existence on mastering, not to mention her experience with a red hot chili douche. Even the memory of it made Lainne wince, less from the remembered pain and more the the mental image of rubbing herself like a desperate monkey in front of Foulde.
Lainne surreptitiously glanced again at the news. Still no blurred image of her standing nude, no 'Ghet Virtuoso Humbled by Outhab Visitor'breaking headlines.
I've told you repeatedly that the man showed no trace of a camera implant,Sys said for perhaps the fiftieth time. It would know- it's powers within it's domain approached the divine, holding the well-being of every single registered citizen in its mind at once, as well as the capability to effect any number of drastic changes with a near limitless access to advanced technology, and an intelligence to do so wisely.
Lainne had once asked Syswhyit chose to serve to what basically amounted to a nanny when, with it's powers it could be off traveling the cosmos, discovering new life and planets, or any number of other pursuits A.I. used to occupy themselves. It had waited a moment (significant in a personality that could formulate hundreds of thousands of responses in fractions of a second while simultaneously carrying out billions of other tasks) before simply responding with:Love, I suppose.
Lainne knew she was being ridiculous. If Sys said her ignominy was witnessed only by itself and Foulde, than that was as close to an absolute truth you could get.
Still she sat and watched, letting the murmuring of conversation wash over here and contemplate her near empty glass. When she payed attention, she learned that the gossip mainly concerned a hot new entertainment vid, and the rising tensions of two less advanced alien civilizations half a galaxy away.
Lainne brought the cup to her mouth and finished cold dregs of tea. The other piece of information she had hoped to chance upon, that of a foreigner making the rounds (and perhaps bragging of a certain victory) among theGhetcommunity, hadn't come up. She could no longer ignore the fact she was wasting time.
Because, after recovering, she was desperate to find and play Foulde again. She had gone over their game thousands of times, cross matched his play patterns with other prominent players, and even queried the infonet for mentions of him. She felt confidant that she would win a rematch. The first loss was a fluke, brought about by her wandering mind; his style and stratagems could easily be prepared for.
The only surprise she encountered in her preparation was the fact that hewasan unknown quantity, at least in theGhetsense. No tournament wins, no high profile victories, not even a mention of a presence in any nearbyGhetcircles. It was as if the man had just woken up one day and thought 'I think I will go beat the bestGhetplayer in the universe today', and went about his merry way to her front door.
Sys, can you send Foulde a message? I'd like to arrange for a rematch.
Sys replied instantaneously.
Of course, dear. He's been sitting in his frigate since almost the moment he left the day you played. I've left a message with his ship. I'll let you know if he sends a response.
And then, because it loved to nettle her:
If you simply wanted to get naked again, I don't see whats stopping you from stripping where you are-
Shut the fuck up, Sys.
Laughter metaphorically trailed it as it left her to her own thoughts.
Lainne got up and walked purposefully from the patio, maneuvering through a crowd that was beginning to pick up in energy as the afternoon progressed.
She nodded stiffly to the proprietor as she exited. The light of the habitat was on its way to winking out, galvanizing street lights to begin to glow a soft yellow. People passed her, but she hardly noticed as she walked back to her home.
Foulde. The man had been on her mind almost constantly. His mannerisms, attitude, and intentions were a mystery to her. He came to her out of the blue, didn't baulk when she insisted on his emasculation the price to play, and then sat and witnessed her debase herself over dinner, cool as a cucumber.
She found she wanted desperately to wipe the calm expression from his face, make him sweat, and gloat when she beat him. Maybe she would forcehimto go to dinner naked, see how he liked it when the shoe was on the other foot.
Hell, she knew she was going to win the next game they played, she might as well make him tromp about the habitat, only with him naked and on a leash, so she could display what happened when she was made light of.
Thoughts of what humiliations and punishments she could inflict danced about Lainne's head as she walked the cool streets, so caught up in her fantasies that she nearly didn't hear Sys when it messaged her.
Foulde has responded to your invitation. He says he'd like to play you again, and wondered if you'd like to meet at theGhetclub tomorrow, after lunch.
Lainne smiled. The game was on.
The next day, Lainne woke early and dressed in her most sober outfit. She didnt wear the tight black suit, with studs and buckles, very often. It was the same clothing she wore the day she won the asteroid, and found it gave her an intimidating, merciless look.
She tied her hair back into a tight queue high on her head, and then meditated on her veranda, mentally going over every move, counter move, stratagem and eventuality she could hold in her razor sharp mind.
She relived her forfeit, using the shame of it to keep her focused. What had been inflicted on her would be magnified tenfold, and the public venue of theGhetclub would be the perfect setting to receive her satisfaction.
She would have the home turf advantage, surrounded by peers and former students, many who admired and near worshiped the ground she walked on, as well as past rivals who had a first-hand taste of just what her ire could inflict.
The club was often where those who lost games ofGhethad to enact, to the letter, exactly what the terms of losing entailed. Public speeches on how an opponent is the superior player, the loss of prizedGhetsets, even players forced to serve as servants, was not an uncommon sight. Lainne had made many a person act the donkey after winning a game, but she had to stop coming when 'Losing to Lainne' became almost an honor at the club.
She opened her eyes, and saw it was time to leave.
She decided to walk, rather than take personal transportation. She opened the door, took a deep breath, and left.
The way to the club was, like most of the important facilities in the village, not an overlong trip. By foot it took less than twenty minutes, and people stopped in the streets when they recognized her. Lainne smiled internally, but kept her outward expression severe.
By the time she arrived, not only had she amassed a small following, but word of her destination spread, so that the club was packed nearly to the brim when she entered.
Rows upon rows of personal tables, private booths, drones carrying trays of drinks and the hubbub of rowdy players and spectators assailed her when the door opened. Lainne stepped inside, and was recognized almost at once. She shook hands, exchanged greetings, returned good-natured insults, and even allowed herself to be stopped to sign a shirt of a ecstatic fan, but her eyes roamed the halls for Foulde. She had come early, but wouldn't put it past the man to arrive hours before their scheduled game, for no reason other than his bizarrity.
She didn't see him, so sat and ordered a drink. A game between two fairly skilled players was being played on the exhibition stage, between a young man and an older woman.
Lainne frowned at the parallel between herself and Foulde; but no matter. The young buck was well on his way to defeat, an overeager and aggressive play-style stymied by the woman's defense and control. She looked around, and asked if the game was being played for any stakes.
A garrulous oldGhetshark sitting next to her spoke.
"Naturally, the pair of them have been feuding ever since Dast (he's the young man y'see) posted a remark on Ghel's (the lady) thesis of her patented Defense. He said any player worth their salt should be able to circumnavigate such a style, unless their talents were unevenly matched."
Ghel objected, and now they play. I believe the penalty for each should they lose is a public apology."
He burped noisily. A man sitting next to him piped up.
"Ghel got an extra clause in should she win, where the young lad has to work as a scullion at her house for a week. Dast said he wouldn't lose, if she used her Defense, but it looks like he's on the ropes, now."
They each turned back to the game, and watched as Dast sat stumped over his next move. Lainne could tell that the game was over, any move Dast made just a delay for the inevitable. Ghel looked calm and focused- not the type to let lose a won game.
And that is how the next couple of moves went. Even the most novice of players were able to see the obvious. Finally, only a turn from losing the game by default, Dast stood up and conceded, proffering a handshake. Spectators cheered, and Ghel stood to receive the gesture, both of them the very image of good sportsmen.
A rueful grin on his face, Dast approached the edge of the stage and raised a hand for silence.
"Alas, I seem to have been bested. As promised, I formally apologize for my comments on the Ghel Defense, and officially retract them. I would say now, having lost, the gambit is a valid tool in any skilled player's repertoire, and I thank Madam Ghel for giving me, and us all, an exciting game."
The young man's short but eloquent speech elicited genuine applause from the onlookers, and even Ghel herself looked touched.
She approached the stage and stood next to Dast. When the applause had died down, she addressed the room.
"I thank Ghel for his part in validating my strategy, and for the game. I thought his remarks came from a place of derision, but I see now that not to be the case. He is a skilled player, and a man with nothing but love for the game. In light of this, I hereby release him from the week of servitude I insisted be part of the bet."
Her words also received applause, as well as a few joking jeers from those who relished the high being brought low. Lainne smiled. They would get all thedenouementthey could stand when she beat Foulde.
That reminded her: Where was he? She looked around the room, but the thresh of moving bodies in the large room made it difficult to pick out any one person. The curious man wasn't exactly one to stand out, either. She sipped her drink. Was he scared to show? He had picked the spot himself, though. He wasn't about to beat her once on a fluke, humiliate her, and then disappear...?
Those sitting near her seemed to sense her sour mood, and she was left to herself.
Sys, has there been any new messages from Foulde? Where is he?She sent, swirling ice in an empty glass, frowning at nothing.
No new messages, but he hasn't left the habitat. I'm sure he's just running late- perhaps he got lost on the way.
Sys naturally knew the exactly location, and probably the state of mind, of each person it oversaw, but as it valued the privacy of it's subjects very highly it did not disclose such information unless prior consent had been given. Lainne sat back and continued to wait, anxious and angry.
Lainne waited, and continued to wait. Finally, when it became obvious she was wasting her time, she moved to stand up and leave.
"Player Lainne?" A voice, coming from behind her, made her pause. Lainne turned and found she was being addressed by a humanoid drone, dressed like a waiter/servant.
They continued.
"I am here to deliver a challenge, from Player Foulde. He said to apologize for the wait, and that he has reserved the main stage for a game." It's message imparted, the smartly dressed drone bowed slightly and motioned for Lainne to follow.               Lainne sat the glass down on the bar.
About goddamn time. She nodded, and began to follow the drone through the crowd.
So this was it. After making her wait (her!), Foulde had finally appeared. They would play, she would defeat him, and make him wish he had never heard of the gameGhet.
After navigating through the packed room, she saw him standing, mid conversation with a game organizer, both at the base of the large elevated stage where the last game had been played. Lainne stiffly walked up, and both turned to greet her.
"I apologize for the delay. I was late arriving, and then spent an overlong period arranging for us to play on the largest stage available," Foulde said, his face devoid of any emotion but the twinges of a polite smile.
"Of course, it has been a long time indeed since the legendary Lainne has graced this hall with her presence- nothing but the main stage would do, naturally!" The official who spoke nearly bubbled with contained excitement, beaming both at Lainne and at the person who had managed to bring her out of hiding.
Lainne looked at Foulde. His face betrayed no hint that he had been witness to her at her lowest point, just a few days ago. Her hands tightened into fists, but she kept her expression level and her voice civil.
"Good. Has Foulde her told you we would be playing for stakes?" Lainne said, only now bothering to look the official's way.
"He did, but not as to what those stakes were...?"
When neither player opted to volunteer such information, the small excitable man continued on, hardly missing a beat. "But of course, players of your caliber are wont to be kept your cards close to your chest, eh? No matter! I'll just be off to get everything ready."
The man scurried away, arranging camera coverage and such, and the two players found themselves alone with each other. Laine didn't know exactly what to say under the circumstances. Foulde, his cheerily blank self, broke the silence first.
"I expect you want to set my castration as a forfeit should I lose, again?" Lainne nodded, tongue-tied.
"Very well. Then you won't object to anything I ask for, should I win."
It wasn't a question, and from the look on his face, he seemed already to know what he wanted. Lainne shivered, unsettled. Did the man think the first game was anything but a billion to one stroke of luck? Her face heated, and a flush of rage danced down her spine.
"You cretin, you're going to lose up there, and I'm going to take your cock and balls as a trophy. You can forget about the year and a day, because I'm keeping your manhood on my mantel in a fucking jar till the fucking star burns itself out!" She snarled.
Foulde smiled, nodded, and looked up at the stage. They were ready to start, apparently. He turned back to Lainne.
"Very well. I suppose that's only fair, as your forfeit will be more severe than the last."
He turned and began to ascend the steps to where this insane game was fated to be played. Lainne glowered at his back, and then began to follow him.
"Good Citizens and players ofGhet!It is our great honor to feature a game between the venerable Lainne-" the moment the emcee said her name, the whole building roared. Lainne smiled a tight smile. These peopleworshippedher. Her presence on this habitat was the whole reason many of them chose to live here, just for the off-chance of witnessing her play.
After the stamping of feet and ululations settled down the emcee spoke again.
"Yes, the illustrious Lainne, and her opponent, a dark horse from out-system, known only as Foulde!" People whispered to each other, curious to know whom Lainne would deign to play, as the announcement continued.
"Not only is this a game ofGhetmasters, but it is a game of forfeits as well! Players, please step up and name your terms."
Lainne strode up to the front of the stage, a vocal pickup syncing with her comm implant, automatically amplifying her voice.
"When I win, I demand the surgical excision of my opponent's genitals, and for no regrowth or reattachment procedure to take place until I give my assent."
Her words silenced the rowdy room, shock evident on many a bystander's face. Such an extreme forfeit was virtually unheard of at this genteel, remote habitat. Lainne turned and walked to one side of theGhetboard and sat down. Hushed whispers flitted back and forth as Foulde walked to the fore, his footsteps clearly audible.
The man cleared his throat, and spoke, his words deafening in the silence.
"And when I win, I demand that my opponent remove her clothes and remain naked for the period of a year and a day. In addition, she must submit to the Habitat System Administrator as a rank five menial for this period."
Lainne froze, caught off guard. The mental image of stripping in front of the people who treated her as a near-divine entity almost made her flinch.
And a rank five menial! That would give Sys the power to use her a near slave, with no job too dirty or demeaning and no time off at all- Lainne's thoughts were interrupted by a lonewhoopfrom the crowd, which was soon picked up by others.
She was risking humiliation unheard of, and people werecheering?She turned in disbelief at the sea of faces, as a chant slowly rolled across the room.
STRIP! THE! BITCH! STRIP! THE! BITCH!
Lainne listened in horrified disbelief as the crowd began to rally behind her downfall. What was going on? Why-
Dear, you can only make so many people submit to be menials before they start wanting to see you humbled. Many of the people in attendance have spent a stint flushing sewage lines and cleaning grease-traps after losing to you.
Lainne was about to respond to Sys with a scathing remark before the emcee started to talk again, struggling to be heard over the vicious chant.
"May the players find satisfaction in this sacred game ofGhet! Commence!"
Lainne snapped her focus to the board. She would get to the bottom of this after she had won.
TheGhetboard was large, and though many systems were automated, much of it remained physical. A filigreed metal disk flipped into the air, and came downcrowns, indicating that Lainne could choose to play first or second. It was a marginal difference, but prevailing thought considered the player to move first to have a slight edge. Lainne chose to play first.
Last time they had played a half game. Lainne had grown bored, distracted, midway through the game and lost. She could not afford for the same thing to happen here, because losing-
Losing was always an unthinkable, unconscionable, outcome. It never mattered what the stakes were. She could be playing for matchsticks on the side of a vehicle pathway on a unenlightened backwater civ world, and losing there would be the same as losing now.
She would not lose.
She made the first move.
The crowd grew tired of their chant fairly quickly, all things considered. Lainne had stopped hearing it nearly as soon as the game began. She stopped doing anything but take in the state of the game, and its evolving nature, as the opposition placed down their pieces and announced, as clear as conversation, intentions and proclamations and statements. They argued, not about a subject, but about which person had the most articulated perception of reality.
Sensation was reduced to a skeleton-skein of abstractions, for Lainne. For the Opposition, too, she was sure. She forgot about the shame, the bet, her anger, and simply played the most efficient game she knew how to play.
Aggression was countered, foray rebuffed, stockpiles and territory traded for speed and position when such a trade-off was judged optimal. An invisible line flowed and shifted between the players, as tenuous and fragile as the surface as a bubble, but as each player tried, with every resource they could muster, neither could pierce it.
They were playingGhet.
The people milling around the feature match watched in awe, soon forgetting their enmity of the Ice Queen. They had forgotten what a game played by such a player, facing an opponent of a skill level sufficient to cause her toreallyfocus, looked like.
Those who playedGhetoften could recite historic games move by move. Games played between masters at certain important points in it's development often changed it fundamentally. Lainne had helped shape how the game was played as much as any one person, a player at the pinnacle of biological achievement, undoubtedly. Games from early in her career were taught in schools, as important battles in a developing civilization were taught theirs.
Everyone who had spent any time withGhetat all knew the shape of a foundational game. And whispers started to float through the hushed crowd, whispers saying thatah, this is important, this could change things-it gave the gathering a sort of religious fervor.
Neither player seemed to be cognizant of anything but the game. Time passed in the hall, with people streaming inside and seeing the hush of a whole building focused on the unfolding of the match. The early game gave way to the middle without an obvious advantage being gained by either player. Lainne, hunched over the board, looked like a woman possessed, one hand tight over her mouth, the other moving pieces with quick, purposeful motions.
Foulde, head cocked, hands dancing to pick up the game pieces, seemed unconcerned. Lainne could tell that, in their previous game, he hadn't brought out all of his tricks, as new stratagems were arrayed against her. He seemed more aggressive, sure of himself, but still flighty- she was coming to hate his style of back-and-forth, wishy-washy advance and retreat, as it forced her into the role of reactionary control.
He can't maintain this forever,she thought. Eventually he would have to take a stand.
Clack, clack, clack.
The pieces were audible over the heads of an enraptured audience.
Lainne, about to make a move that would continue her encircling strategy, froze when she saw it.
Foulde had left an opening, three rows behind his front line. A new stream of back and forth bloomed in her mind as she followed up what exploiting the weakness would net her.
Nearly the game itself, she decided, and moved her hand to move a piece to the chink in Foulde's armor.
She hesitated, mid move. Was this was a trap? She couldn't see how it could be- but what if it was? Her heart pounded as she envisioned having to strip in front of her peers, of the humiliations that would follow- She could kiss her reputation goodbye if she lost.
Lainne looked up, at her opponent. Chin in hand, gaze elsewhere- The man looked bored!
Suddenly the trepidation in her heart was gone and she slammed her piece down. She would make the man a eunuch for daring to take her lightly. Foulde looked back to board.
And grinned.
He took a piece in hand, and slowly placed it besides Lainne's. Lainne looked at it, confused.
Then she saw what he had done, and her blood ran cold.
She had thrown the game away. Her steady offense, which she now saw to be a conditioned response, carefully orchestrated the whole of the game thus far, had left an important flaw in her defense.
She bent forward, desperate to find a way to save her position. The room began to murmur as onlookers picked up on the mistake she had made- made in anger and haste, she realized.
She had been played like a fiddle, from perhaps the first they had met.
Slowly, Lainne began to marshal a defense for what she knew in her heart to be a lost game.
She was going to lose, and when she lost, she would be forced to pay dearly.
A short time later, the board reduced to almost nothing, Lainne held out a trembling hand and knocked her remaining piece over. The room erupted into noise, as tension held until this moment was suddenly released. Lainne, Queen ofGhet,had lost.
She stared at the board, unbelieving that the man had bested her twice- was the first time a blunder on her part, like she thought? Or had this all been orchestrated? Thoughts like these echoed in her head, until a tap at her shoulder pulled her out of her near trance.
"If you would proceed to the stage, Citizen?" The emcee looked as bewildered as she felt, his voice nearly inaudible over the cheering of crowd. She took a deep breath, closed her eyes- remembering the shame she felt after being forced to disrobe in front of a single person- and opened them.
The room was packed to the brim with humanity. Strangers, former students, bitter rivals- all would see her shed her dignity and bare herself for them. They would see her, naked, every day, as Sys sent her on errands and tasks, undoubtedly forcing her to perform the lowliest of them in every corner of the habitat. She would have to clean citizens' houses, serve tea, sweep streets- all naked as the day she was born.
Every person would soon know just how her breasts hung and shook as she polished windows, how her crotch looked as she bent to pick up trash- a rank five menial could be commanded by any citizen of normal standing to perform nearly any task- even children free to make use of them!- and she knew those she had wronged would make her dance and perform for them like a trained monkey.
People who didn'tknowher would take advantage of her new station. People who moved to the habitat would see and wonder who she was, this nude servitor, open to all to command, and video of her would spread to the far reaches of the universe. Her tits, pussy, ass- all would be a common sight, as she became known as the formerGhetplayer, the one who had lost and became the naked slave-bitch.
As Lainne's life flashed before her eyes, the emcee coughed insistently beside her. She released a breath she didn't realize she had been holding. The crowd was watching.
She unsteadily got up. She took one step towards the front of the stage.
This can't be happening.
One more step. Colors flashed behind her eyes.
Even moving as slowly as she was, eventually she found herself shoulder to shoulder with Foulde. The sea of humanity spread before her, all waiting to see what was going to happen.
Her hands jerked at her sides-
please please please don't make me do this,she seemed to say as she looked to Foulde. He simply stared at her, an expectant but vacant expression on his face.
She delayed too long, and soon people below began to whisper,See? I told you this was all a stunt- The Ice Bitch doesn't have to pay up like us mere mortals,and soon the crowd began to turn ugly.
Lainne felt ashamed, especially when she felt tears begin to form, but still her hands were frozen.
Eventually, when it became clear she wasn't going to act of her own volition, the emcee tried to sooth the crowd, who were now outright jeering. Foulde, though his expression seemed not to change, gave off the impression of disappointment.
Lainne hated herself for this weakness, almost as much as the thought of following through on her forfeit. The humiliation of the latter was terrible, but the reputation of a welcher- her mind boggled at the thought.
It was then the door of theGhethall boomed open, and a figure stepped into the light. People turned and stared as an androgynous figure, cloaked in silver clothing, walked through a crowd that parted like a wave before it.
Lainne stared at the newcomer in shock.
System Intelligence's typically existed as an all-encompassing influence about their domain, be it a sleek two person frigate or an entire habitat, exerting their will as a disambiguated personality with no central physical body, as it were. The network that contained their identity could be woven into the very fabric of their charge (and sometimes a central unit if they were wont to flit from place to place), but that did not mean theycouldn'tinhabit a body.
But to see such a titanic intelligence limit itself to a single vessel was very rare. Lainne had only seen Sys's use a body once before, when it had to send a delegate for peace-talks with a primitive and unctuous civilization.
And yet it walked among the crowd now. Sys's chosen avatar had close cropped hair of a color so light it looked white, and perfect marble skin, with limbs flowing as graceful as a dancer as it approached the stage.
The crowd was dead silent as Sys climbed the steps. Lainne watched her best friend and mentor in confusion. Was she being saved? Was Sys here to declare the forfeit null and void?
Hope blossomed in her chest.
"Hello, my citizens. I have been watching the proceedings of this game ofGhetwith great interest. I do not forbid able-minded individuals from wagering their liberties on games of skill and chance, as many of you can attest. However-" Sys gave Lainne a sidelong glance- "it has come to my attention that a citizen of great respect has lost one of these wagers."
Sys's voice rang out like a clear bell over the silent crowd. People gave each other sidelong glances.
"And it is with great sorrow-"Lainne breathed out in relief"that I see one I consider a friend attempting to stall this forfeit, one Visitor Foulde justly won in the sacred game ofGhet."
The crowd went wild. Lainne stared at Sys in shock.
Sys turned to her.
"Come now, child. Better to get this over and done with than to live forever with the shame of a sore loser."
And then itsmiled.
It was then that Lainne realized it. It hit her like the proverbial ton of bricks, and everything up to this point suddenly began to piece together. Her cheeks went from deathly white to bright red. She opened her mouth and tried to shout out, what she suspected had happened- but found her body not listening to her commands.
Sys raised an eyebrow in warning.
Don't make me make you strip, because If I do I promise to give these fine people a show they won't forget. And you'd be wise to keep that mouthshut.
Lainne knew Sys could, through interfacing with the neural lace that every citizen grew the moment they were conceived, exert control over its wards directly. This power, like all it's others, wasneverabused- many a life was saved by a System Administrator pulling an inattentive bystander back from walking too close to grav-car traffic.
She also knew Sys did not make empty threats.
Nerveless hands unbuttoned silver clasps, her pulse so thick she could almost feel it with hands held so close to her neck. The black leather suit sagged, and then fell from her shoulders. Belt buckle was unfastened, and trousers (after a bit of shimmying to loosen the skintight garment) fell as well. The hook to her lacy black brassier came off without a hitch.
Lainne looked to Sys, who's silvery eyes held no mercy. One, two, three...
One man close to the stage let out a long wolf-whistle as Lainne, galaxy renowned player ofGhett, let bra drop from her chest and bared her tits for the world to see.
Her breasts heaved in the stuffy air, nipples hard as glass. The whistler gave courage to the rest of the room, and soon not only was Lainne standing topless in front of a crowd who relished in her misery, but cries of 'Whore!', 'Nice tits, Bitch!'and 'Drop the panties, too!'rang against her shivering body.
Lainne hooked her thumbs under the last garment that separated her from total disgrace. She closed her eyes and slid them down.
The crowd roared in lecherous triumph. The Ice Queen had finally been brought low, standing as naked as the day she was decanted for all to see. This went on for what seemed for an eternity to Lainne, but Sys finally took control, once again.
"Citizen Lainne, now divested of her garments, shall not wear a stitch for the period of one year and one day, as per the terms of her and Guest Foulde's wager. She shall in addition, from this day until that period is over, no longer be Citizen Lainne, but Menial Rank Five Lainne. Treat her with the respect due all public services, please, but do not hesitate to engage her in her new duty due of her former station."
As Sys's voice filled the room, people in the crowd looked to each other in giddy disbelief. They could askLainneto clean their toilets, or sing dirty songs, and she would have to follow their orders! The excitement built, almost eclipsing the fact that the person in question was also buck naked, before Sys spoke again.
"To commemorate Menial Rank Five Lainne's service, I would like to issue her first orders. Attend, Menial."
Sys turned to Lainne, who shivering made bits of her body jiggle in quite a fetching way.
"Menial, please clean this building's front steps."
Lainne felt her legs bounce into motion, galvanized by the subroutine Sys had obviously already implemented. She knew she couldn't be made to do anything that would seriously endanger her health, but the experience of her body moving without her command was frightening and unnerving.
She marched down the stage, through the leering crowd, and out the door, back straight and chest out. She recognized the posture from watching other Menials at work- and now knew it wasn't affected, but forced.
She found herself outside, legs splayed, hands clasped at the small of her back, her back arched with tits prominently jutted forward. Her face was burning with shame, but she knew better than to say anything.
Sys followed her out. It held in its hands a small rag, which it presented to Lainne. This seemed to release the control over her body, and she staggered forward. What did Sys want her to do with such a small-
Oh no.
The courtyard in front of the hall was quite large, to put lightly. Perhaps three hundred square meters of well maintained cobbled bricks, probably cleaned every week by a domestic machine. This machine, undoubtedly well equipped for such tasks, wouldn't take more than fifteen minutes to get the area looking brand new.
For Lainne, it would take significantly longer.Especiallywith only a rag. As she looked down at the proffered rag in horror, people began to stream out of the building. Sys seemed content to wait until its audience had reformed, but glanced over when Lainne looked up, desperate to catch what she thought was her good friends' eye.
Sys raised an eyebrow, and then sent, mentally:
You knew the stakes; I treat all of my menials like this. Going easy on you would only imply nepotism.
Lainne replied in kind.
This is an impossible task! I can't possibly- andYOUwere the one who sent Foulde, weren't you! You arranged all of this- I can't- it isn't- HOW did you manage this? Foulde isn't an advantaged player, is he?!
Certainly not, my dear. I simply found a talented biological player willing to undergo years of intensive training, specializing in combating your style of play. It was all strictly above board. And it was you who decided to play for such insane stakes.
Lainne closed her eyes in frustration and anger as Sys's laughter filled her head. She felt betrayed, by the one person she felt she could trust. Sys seemed to sense this, and continued.
Now, now, child. I saw you wasting away before my eyes- a player of such skill, of game you love so dearly, and no one to play with. Your loss against Foulde was meant to be a present from me, and a prod to keep you from throwing yourself into stasis or falling into despair.Sys's eyes softened.
I honestly only wanted the best for you, and I knew that a worthy rival would be the best present a woman like you could ask for.
Lainne reeled at this revelation. Her suspicions were confirmed. Foulde was a plant, concocted by Sys. She still felt nettled and hurt, but as long as it was from a good place-
You're still going to make me clean the courtyard with a rag, aren't you.
Sys only grinned in response. Lainne heart sank.
Hours later, with light fading and even the most determined spectators long departed, Lainne was still scrubbing the ground with a nearly disintegrated rag. Her arms, back, and knees were incredibly sore, and her mind numbed by the monotonous task and the constant stream of verbal abuse heaped upon her throughout the day.
Her shaking bust, upturned ass and crotch, all on constant display, were all viable and much ridiculed targets of derision. Her pride, already shrunken and withered by her loss in the game and new station, seemed non-existent by that point in the day. Many of the revengeful ill-wishers, after exhausting their ire on the disgraced, nude woman, also promised a veritable mountain of degrading tasks for Lainne to do in the near future.
It was safe to say that Lainne was feeling quite morose as she finished scrubbing the final tile of cobblestone. She flopped onto her back, chest heaving in exhaustion, sore all over. She didn't bother looking up when she heard footsteps approaching her.
"Hello, Lainne. How was your first day as a Menial?" Sys said, chipper and relaxed.
Lainne just groaned in response. Sys giggled, a curiously immature sound coming from a being of so much power.
"I hate to say it, but I'm going to enjoy the coming year a little more than I should. Your circumstances are already circulating throughout the local net, withlotsof pictures. There are even talks of organizing a intergalactic tourist retreat on our humble little habitat, to facilitate travelers eager to see you naked. Others are putting together a public rota to keep you fully occupied during your stint as a naked gofer."
Sys laughed again, sounding incredibly young.
"I've even devoted a handful of nano-droids to keep those interested in your activities appraised. You could check the "Menial Rank Five Lainne" channel yourself, if I hadn't disabled your neural-link to its most basic functions."
Seeing that it's conversation partner wasn't likely to respond any time soon, Sys settled on the ground nearby. Lainne knew that the intelligence behind the avatar had near limitless patience, so she closed her eyes. After a moment, she spoke.
"It's been so long since I've lost," Lainne said. She could imagine Sys patiently nodding it's head, but she couldn't muster the strength to move just yet.
"I haven't had a game worth the time spent playing it for a long time, either," she continued.
This wasn't going to be an easy thing to say. Lainne took a deep breath, breasts rising luridly on her chest. She had spent a long time feeling furious and betrayed as she cleaned, today.
How long had she spent listlessly passing the days, honing a skill that she couldn't use? It wasn't until the emotions of the past couple of days had finished coursing through her did she realize what an empty shell she had been, before that curious man had landed in her backyard.
She finally saw what Sys had done for her, the loss and humiliation and shame included, for the gift that it was.
"Thank you, Sys."
"You're very welcome, child."
The two spent a while in companionable silence. Eventually, to much groaning, Lainne managed to sit up. She coyly looked over at the A.I..
"It was you who put Foulde up to choosing this as my forfeit, wasn't it?"
Sys just threw back it's head and laughed.
Six months and five days later.
Lainne waved gaily to the foot traffic of the busy market street, her tits proudly on display, and shaken energetically whenever a pedestrian took the time to submit a donation at the small console at her side. On her body, written below her tanned chest, was the slogan 'Donate to a good cause; Make a Slut shake her tits!', as well as a small placard listing even greater humiliations she was obligated to perform for those feeling extra generous. Her pale complexion had transformed to an even bronze, and she looked radiant and cheerful.
The cause was a good one: it provided funding for those civilizations suffering from a persistent and hard-to-cure plague in another corner of the galaxy, and Lainne was persistent in her crowd-work, wearing a warm smile and shaking her bust at every oppurtunity to attract attention when donations slowed down.
She found the work easy, compared to some of the things she had been put to work doing in her new career. At some point in the first month or so, she had given up on the idea of her reputation surviving this ordeal. Her body, in all its nude glory, was as common a sight as anything could be, and soon her in her lack of clothing became a familiar, everyday sight.
Every angle, position, and orifice had been faithfully captured for a growing intergalactic audience, as well as footage of her being made to humiliate and degrade herself in every manner possible and permissible for a Rank Five Menial.
For the first month or so, Sys watched over her, serving as a mediator for those who wanted to push things too far. There wasn't much that couldn't be demanded of her, but certainly those limits were tested by those who had been wronged by her in the past.
Lainne, while thankful for the restraining influence, knew Sys got a perverse sense of satisfaction in her new identity. At some point she even found herself coming around to see it from it's point of view.
Itwasa bit funny for the most lauded citizen the land to be made to grunt and act like a pig for an afternoon, though she wasn't about to share that tidbit anytime soon.
She heard the distinct jingle of a more than token donation, from what looked like a tourist and his group (now a common sight on the habitat). She glanced at the screen to check the amount while she shook her breasts, and then at the placard to see what service had just been bought. When she saw what she had to do, she almost let out an exasperated giggle.
Donations of 20 credits: R5M Lainne will loudly ask for the patron to paddle her bottom.
The placard was full of these silly incentives, with many she had yet to perform. She composed herself, then turned to the bashful looking man.
"Oh, sir, I am afraid silly little me has wronged you in a most unforgivable way! Imustask that you get your satisfaction by punishing my derriere! OhPlease,wont you paddle my bottom?" she cheerfully proclaimed, then turned and presented her rear. The man, looking thoroughly embarrassed now, turned to his group for a moment, and then nodded and approached her.
The few people near enough to hear the exchange stopped for a moment while the world's greatestGhetplayer got playfully spanked by a stranger on a public street. Though the smacks barely hurt at all, Lainne let out a great yelp each time one of her cheeks were spanked, which caused the small audience to laugh. The man, who had gotten into the spirit of it by then, thanked Lainne and was off, and it was back to business as usual.
The performance left an impish grin on her face. There was a certain level of satisfaction inherent in devoting oneself completely to such a role. She could never have imagined doing anything like this before, and yet here she was. Lainne dusted her bottom and then got back to proudly razzing her tits for charity.
I think you've finally found your calling, child,Sys said, voice clearly amused. Lainne snorted in exasperation.
It doesn't matter what I'm put my mind to do- I'm going to be good at it, make no mistake!Lainne thought back.And when is that man going to be back, anyways? I'm itching for a rematch!
Foulde? Didn't I tell you?
Tell me what?("Come and donate to a good cause! Every pledge makes these boobies bounce with joy!" she yelled over the noise of the street.)
He's been in-system for a week: I'm surprised he hasn't already come and said hello!
Lainne frowned as Sys's presence from her head disappeared, and wondered if it was telling the truth. She couldn't engage in leisure activities like playingGhet, even in the small amount of time she got to herself each day, but still. Foulde, the man responsible for humbling her, was in the neighborhood and hadn't come to see her?
Another large donation had just been submitted, and she turned to greet to the generous citizen.
And there he stood.
He looked just the same as the day they met, complete even with the same curious expression.
Lainne laughed, and threw her arms out to hug the man, who awkwardly let the nude woman throw herself on him. His brought hands up to return the gesture, but seemed unsure where exactly they should go- this evidently wasn't an everyday occurrence for him.
Lainne stepped back.
"And how are you doing, Foulde? I hear you've been making waves on the galactic circuit, and doing quite well! It isn't every day that someone beats a grandmaster as elusive as I was; I bet you've got challengers lined up and waiting!" Lainne's genuine good cheer at seeing the man seemed to put him at ease.
"I have been very well, Lainne. When your habitat administrator convinced me to pick up and train atGhet,I thought that I would be done with the game after my contract was over. I find I enjoy it a great deal, now." He looked owlishly down at the tanned woman, a little shy but evidently glad their greeting was friendly. He continued.
"Though none of my matches have been as engaging as ours were."
"That's a given! And its such a shame it'll be half a year still before we can play again." Lainne absentmindedly bounced one breast in her hand. "Perhaps next time we won't play for stakes so high, eh?"
Foulde turned bright red, and looked away, causing Lainne to break out in laughter.
"But its good to see you in any case. Oh! Before I forget-" Lainne looked to see how much Foulde had donated. Her eyes widened.
On the console, the staggering amount of 400 credits read out. Her eyes darted to the board. The person who had devised the actions for her to perform evidently hadn't thought anyone could be so giving, as the most expensive realistic incentives stopped at around the one hundred and fifty mark. The last one, which Lainne felt had been written more as a joke than anything, read thus:
Donations of 400 credits: R5M Lainne will ask the patron to choose one part of her body they would like to see permanently altered!
Physical alterations and disfigurements were one thing that couldn't be demanded, or even used to threaten, a Menial. Whoever had written the incentive was probably aware of the fact, but it was insane that anyone would donate so much to even the most virtuous of charities. Foulde had evidently acquired a great deal of wealth in his new career, if he was ready to drop enough currency to buy a small space vessel for a lark!
Lainne whipped back to look at Foulde, shocked into silence for the first time that day. Foulde simply looked at her, one eyebrow raised.
She was fully within the right to simply apologize and say that such a thing wasn't something that could be asked of her; she could offer him his choice of any other task on the board. But something about the situation made her think.
Her heart beating fast in her chest, she sent Sys a message.
Sys?
Yes, child?
Would a cosmetic therapy session be doable later today?
I suppose. Why, getting tired having to carry those mammaries of yours around without support, after all this time?
No- well, maybe. I'm not sure what exactly I want done yet. Put me down for a general appointment- the details of what I'd like altered will come in just a moment.
Sys sent her a mental eyebrow raise, but did as she asked.
Lainne turned to Foulde again. Was she actually doing this? She took a deep breath.
"Thank you, thank you,thankyou, Citizen, for your enormously generous donation ofFour Hundred Credits!" she began. Such a display of wealth was enough to stop even those who were used to the naked menial.
"You've skipped to the bottom of the incentive board, for the mostlastingthing you can make this Menial ask for!" She turned and looked to the crowd, building up suspense. Her cheeks and upper body were flushed bright red.
"So, good citizen, I humbly ask what part of my body you would like topermanently change."
Gasps and shocked looks were exchanged by the onlookers. Foulde, the man of the hour, paused a moment, a small smile on his face.
"I must say that I am very partial to your body the way it is- except perhaps just one thing." He reached out and gently brushed one of Lainne's bronzed breasts with the back of his hand.
"You would lookperfectwith F cups, I think."
Lainne, looking down at Foulde's hand, swallowed, her mouth suddenly dry.
Sys, put me down for breast enlargement, please!