"Hey honey wake up. Do you still want to go.", I asked.
"Huh," she said in that cute quizzical way. I could hear the sleep thick in her as she stretched and pulled the moist warm salt air into her lungs from this island. Her breasts were peaking out from the same tangle of covers which I saw her legs leading up to. "That's right I had forgotten yes I still want to do this." She pulled the covers back and stepped nude from the bed. I adore watching her dress and as she pulled her cut off's on they covered her perfect ass and beautiful bushy dark fur. The 'Save The Sea Turtles' t-shirt I bought her for Christmas was next. Pulled over her orange sized breasts and yogic tummy.
We left the condo hand in hand through the glinting of stars and a low predawn moon guiding us painting everything in a sweet silver light. In the darkness the birds were sleeping and hadn't started their morning routine. This small island community still sleeps, but for a few brave souls who love the quiet of an early morning realm. I can feel my sandal pick up small stones from the road as my skin gets goose flesh. Whether its from the coolness of the air so near the ocean or excitement for what we are here to do I'm not sure.
As we walk through the gate from the pavement onto the beach she say's "Oh I love the feeling of the sand between my toes," and we take our sandals off. The ocean has a constant rushing sound. I see it as a woman, because all life comes from her and only women can give life. That's not to say men don't have a part in it, but we don't grow the new life in our body's. The spirit of the ocean has a strong draw for me and always has. I can feel her pulling me from the deep plains of Iowa and Nebraska. I can feel her breath inside my body drawing me back to this great 'comfort soul' we call Ocean. The sun was starting to pinken along the curve of the planet right out on the edge of the horizon just above the waterline, but hadn't quite shown itself yet. My wife and I stare out to this pinkening sky holding hands. A semi-quiet moment but for the birds and the constant breathing from the water. I turn her and pull her toward me. Kissing and feeling her firm ass cheeks in both of my hands and her lips on mine I can feel her dark furry spot getting warm as the lump in my shorts pushes itself between her legs.
She brushes her fingers through the hair on my chest and tells me that everything is perfect, and then pulls away jogging toward a spot we picked out yesterday which now beckons from the horizon line. We quickly match pace with each other. It's only a mile away among the ruins of a sea shack. You can watch the sun color the sky and see it's reflection in the water as it starts it's track across the firmament. It doesn't take long for us to get there. You can see the charred 2X4's pointing toward the sky. The houses and condos have all disappeared behind us. Now it's mostly sand dunes, waves, and shore birds up on this end of the island. We run through the sand soft on our feet toward the spot we had picked yesterday. Here on this beach we'll make love as the tide comes in and the sun climbs in the sky. Here she will mount on me as I hold her nude breasts and tongue in my mouth. In front of me I can watch her ass move every time her legs stride forward another step. I feel the pressure building in me, and I can't wait to feel her wetness. I can already smell her scent through her cloths which tells me that she must be enjoying this moment too. The pressure is building up and I've got to have her. I can't wait till we get to our spot, so I catch up grab her in the middle of her stride. Falling to the soft sand and taking a kiss from her. She relaxes and I can feel my hardened dick pressing on her stomach as she catches her breath. I don't need to explain her nails are already driving themselves down my muscled back scratching my skin. Drawing them down toward my waistband and the mystery she wants from between my legs. Getting the clothes back off always seems harder than putting them on, but we laugh through the tangle of shirts and shorts and eventually find ourselves nude my pecker in her hand.
Guiding her back to the sand her legs spread and welcoming me in. I pull back enough for my dick to take it's place in the chain of life and with her legs now wrapped around my torso I enter her.
"My wife" I said and she..."My husband"
She gasped Our love only beginning as the sun rises and the surf breathes.
"Oh harder harder" she spurs me on no doubt because she's as near as I and suddenly the feeling of getting caught is rising with the sun. Very soon people would come to walk their dogs or jog down the beach. I love the warm wet of her pussy. It takes me away and our scent is wafting up my nose. We're like animals she's growling and scratching my back as I'm grunting and fucking her for all I'm worth. I can feel the pressure building in my balls and know that my wife is also very near. We've never had the problem of not cumming so soon I feel her nails biting in even further which means she is almost there and my growling and grunting tells her the same. We let it all out all of it and become the animals we are. She's screaming my name here on this beach as I'm growling, biting and fucking till I fill her with jizz and her eye's roll in the back of her head. She fills the air with her coo's and cuddles of afterword and we are holding on to each other on this beach as the ocean comes in and the sun climbs even further in the sky. It's the perfect start to the day.
"I'm thinking about bacon." I tell her as we pull our clothes back on.
"No way! Never in a million years would I have thought you would be thinking of food after sex." She chides me because I'm always thinking of food afterword. "Ready?", and without even waiting she's clothed and running back toward our rental condo.
On the run back I noticed my cum dripping down her leg as her perfect ass regains it's rhythm. Breakfast may have to wait.
"On a beautiful Spring day like today we should be outside come on lets go." My wife has been stuck on her phone since we've gotten it, and I usually have to urge her to come anywhere lately. This day was different it was spring and lots of people were out. It seemed like a festival atmosphere and we were a part of it. She put her leather coat on and I put mine on and I drove the Harley to a nice natural area for a walk in the woods. There were a few people around but not that many. We started walking hand in hand listening to the birds singing for mates and flying all over. It was late morning and the sun was at about 10 O'Clock. Once we got down the path a bit further we stepped off the path and ran far into the wood. She went in front and as I watched her ass lift and run I got hot for her. I don't care how many years we've been married now I am still way turned on by her. I caught up and pinned her to a tree. My hands finding there way up her shirt to the skin I have explored a million times before. The skin I knew as well as I knew my own, and still found as enticing as the first night. I found her boobs and she found my hairy chest. I love how she starts by caressing and playing with my chest and finishes with scratching and growling. By now I'm pressing my hardened dick through our pants and into her crotch. Seeking the warm wetness of a place near enough to heaven for me. I had to have her. I didn't care where we were or who might see. I pulled her pants down and mine and stopped to look at her. She was standing there her shirt pulled up and her pants pulled down panting heavily her hairy pussy wet from wanting, and I looked the same. My pants pulled down and my dick pointing toward its home inside her. I can see the want in her eye's and I can no longer hold back. She step's out of her pants and turns around so I can see my wifes beautiful back side. She's bent over a fallen tree and I enter her from behind.
"Hurry, up and fuck me I need you baby." I can't wait. I've been wanting this for years, and now it's here. We're fucking in public anyone could walk by. I enter her and hear her gasp. She is my everything, and I am her's. We were built for one another and here among the spirits of the forest, here among the tree's and the birds we ravage each other. Needing only to be one with the spring cacophony. Adding our grunts, growls, and purr's to forest.
"Fuck me harder fuck me harder. I need you all the way in me." I can't handle this much longer and feel the build up as pump my dick into my wife. Faster and harder and we're calling out together clawing, biting, and cumming harder than we've ever come before. Then it's done we have our clothes back on and after some 'I love you's' we walk back out of the woods to finish our walk.