Rolling over Gary finds her lying chest down. The covers down past her bare ass. He loved it when May slept in the nude. Propping himself up on his elbow, his hand starts to glide over her body. Not so light as to tickle, but also not so hard as to wake her with a jolt. With each pass of his hand, he unconsciously lingers a little longer on her perfect ass.
She starts to slowly stir. Turning her head to him slowly, a sleepy smile runs across her lips.
"Good morning. I do enjoy waking up with your hand on my butt." She says with a contented tone.
"Well I do enjoy playing with it." He returns.
"Oh I know." She says.
"Shall we have some coffee and wake up?" He asks.
"I would love that." She answers, rolling over and stretching.
Her naked body was a sight he loved. He admired her breasts as the lightly cooler air perked her nipples as she stretched. The fact that it was all his was such a bonus. He glanced down at her bare shaved pussy, as he did, he found his hand drift down to touch the cleft. Her legs opened up slowly as he made contact.
"What are you doing?" She asked, though knowing the answer.
"I believe I am trying to touch you inappropriately, and see if you want a diddle." Was his teasing answer.
"Well keep touching and I will let you know if I do." She says, in a tone that lets him know that she wants a fingering and some more.
Her legs now are very wide and accommodating. Gary's fingers trace the edge of her cleft feeling that she is already wet, most likely from the bed Olympics from the night before, oh and the middle of the night romp when a noise outside woke them up.
She reaches down to spread her lips wide so he can get right to her hot button. His fingers start at the entrance and move up, bringing her slick with them along the way. He does this motion a few times before actually touching her clit. May grows very impatient, until he finally makes contact, causing her back to arch, and head tip back as she lets out a very satisfied moan..
"Oh fuck, right there, please!" pours from her mouth.
He focuses on her button with deliberate circles, mixed with deep dips into her wet sex, repeating the process over and over, occasionally going a different direction or length of time between finger thrusts.
"Please don't stop, fuck don't stop." Rolls over and over again from May's mouth.
A few more rubs and she climaxes hard. Her legs close up to protect her sensitive pussy. She lies there twitching, her sensitive spot on fire.
"Please give me your cock!" May blurts out.
Gary climbs between her thighs and rubs the head of his member on her sensitive pussy, then eases in slowly. This was the sensation that she craved, his cock opening her up gradually. Her sex still a little raw from the night before helps with his motions. The balance between irritation and pleasure made it that much better. His slow movements are perfect, so that May feels every bit of his cock. Slow deep thrusts are exactly what she needs to cum from the fuck, this time he joins her climax. He lets out a moan and grunt combo in tune with her moans. She feels his cum make her even more slick. Gary leans down and kisses her softly, with May returning the kiss.
He slips out of her and walks the short distance to the small kitchenette. He stands there naked his cock relaxing as he starts the coffee. She lays there tracing her lips with her finger feeling the combination of them both that is making her so wet.
"So what shall we do today?" Gary asks.
"Well I think we should go find a quiet beach and play in the water. How does that sound? Is May's response.
"Sounds good to me." He replies
The little place they are in is nestled in a small group of air BNB places on the north shore of Oahu. They had been on the Waikiki side of the island for a business function, and now have time to themselves on the other end. The little place is just what they needed since all they were going to be doing there is sleeping and anything sexy they could think up. Having only gotten there the night before the place was broken in with a rousing evening of bed sports.
May had dared Gary to whenever they were in the room they had to be naked. He didn't argue with that one bit, but he had his own caveats. Those were if he went in for a diddle, or lick she had to allow him for at least one minute. She accepted this challenge and found herself being brought to orgasm quite a bit walking around in the tiny place. She found herself getting up to walk around so she could get fondles. She would return the favor with ass grabs and cock stroking, which led them to any position that was accommodating for sex. She found herself pushed up against the counter with him deep inside, or being licked with a leg over his shoulder a few times. She would do similar things, but loved putting on a show by getting down to suck his cock. They were always in a perpetual state of hard or wet.
They had showered and gotten ready, even with their licks, sucks, diddles and fondles. They leave to find breakfast before looking for a beach to go to. Gary was wearing swim trunks and a t-shirt making sure to leave the underwear in the room. She enjoyed taking a fondle and finding not much between her hand and him. May had decided on a tank top, with a bikini top underneath and a wrap around skirt also with both under, so she could flash him or makes sure he could get to her in a hurry.
Having found breakfast, the conversation starts about where to go. May had a local guide book, and was reading up on the beaches. They were talking back and forth about where to go when the server quietly pipes up.
"Go to poké poké beach. If you're looking for quiet, romantic and secluded, this is where you want to go." The server says with a Cheshire like cat grin.
"Where is it?" May asks.
"It's not in the guide book. It's not a surf beach so you won't have to worry about not being a local, everyone is mellow that goes there. Let me see the map in your book." She says with a slightly excited pitch in her voice.
After pointing the way to the beach she also says that since it is a small hike off the main road people don't hardly take kids.
Gary and May thank her for the information and go about eating their breakfast. They pay and get ready to leave, only to be stopped at the door by the server.
"Oh, hey one last thing. It's a clothing optional beach. Well they say that but most people feel weird with their clothes on after about ten minutes. Also people have been known to do things out in the open if you know what I mean. Most people will watch from afar, but sometimes get closer to enjoy the show." The server says giving them a look up and down and biting her lip.
Thanking the server, they head out to the beach. It is a little out of the way but they make it and follow the directions they were given. After parking, they find the trail head down to the beach. It winds through lightly wooded jungle-like woods, then opens up to a beautiful sandy beach. No real waves to speak of as it is kinda a cove. They look around and only a small spattering of couples are there, and they are all naked.
"Well here we are." Gary says as he takes in the beach and views of naked bodies.
"So are you ready to be nude in public with me?" May asks, biting her lip looking at Gary with anticipation.
"I am, well, kinda." He says with a little hesitation.
"What are you worried about?" She asks with a cocked eyebrow.
"Well, you can be naked and nobody knows what you are thinking. For me, I have a flag pole that will give me away." He says.
"I hope so." May replies with a smile.
"Even if it does it while another woman walks up or by?" Gary questions.
"I am looking forward to seeing that." May says with a wink.
They lay out their towels and get undressed. She giggles at him as he can't help but have a very hard cock. May makes sure to tease him now and again by either touching it or his ass. She makes a show of bending over in front of him as she arranges their things. He finally starts to relax about it and takes advantage of feeling her up also. They decide to take a dip in the calm cove. The water is perfect. They swim a bit but spend quite a bit of time fondling and kissing. His fingers find themselves both rubbing her clit and dipping into her wet pussy in the water, while she strokes him perfectly. The excitement of being at that beach is electrifying. His rubbing doesn't take long before she is cumming in his hand.
"Thank you." She says through a deep kiss.
They decide to get out of the water and let the sun dry them off as they lay on their towels.
After a while another person shows up on the beach. A woman about their age. She sets up not far from them. She strips off her clothes as she looks at the other sunbathers. She is about five, six, average build with her ass being just a bit bigger than her tits. Her hair was long sandy blonde, she also had a shaved smooth pussy like May. She bent over to adjust her towel and stuff with her ass facing them. May looks at Gary seeing his cock rock hard. She grinned at him teasingly then his cock. The new arrival saunters down to the water and gets in, then starts to lazily swim around.
"I totally get why you think shaved pussy is sexy. It's kinda funny watching you. Your cock gets hard and you look self conscious about it." May says with a giggle.
"Well like I said, it's out there like a flagpole." Gary replies
"Want me to help you with your flagpole? May asks.
Before he can say anything, May has his cock in her mouth. Slowly she sucks him, as he moans.
"It's a little saltier than normal." She says with the head resting on her lips.
"Is that a bad thing?" He asks
She just keeps sucking softly, not saying anything, driving him nuts.
"I want to fuck you so bad." He says.
"You want to fuck me here?" May inquires.
"Well I was thinking just in the woods over there." Gary explains.
She agrees and they get up to find a spot to kinda hide. Finding a spot they begin kissing deeply, her hand wraps around his cock. He lets out a pleasured moan, as her fingers move over it rubbing his precum into the head. Gary returns the favor by reaching for her pussy. May melts into his touch as his fingers find a soaked set of shaved lips. She eases down to lick and taste his cock. Her tongue swirls around the head to savor what is coming out. She squeezes and strokes to get more to lick and suck off. Taking him deep causes him to moan more as he holds her head. She is so turned on, she takes him as deep as she can, occasionally lightly gagging on him.
This is just too much for him. He pulls her to her feet and turns her around. He spies a tree close by with a log next to it. Leading May there, Gary positions her with one foot on the log and the tree for her to steady on. From behind he quickly slips his cock in her soaked pussy. The sensation of being filled so quickly, and having it hit all of the sensitive slightly raw spots of her well fucked sex causes her to gasp, and let out a small yelp, that turns into a very satisfied moan. Gary grips her hips and starts to thrust. His motions are slow until.
"Fuck me, please fuck me, hard, fuck me hard!" She begs him.
He does what he is told and starts to forcefully pound her pussy. At first he went fast and hard but settled into a body jarring pace. Each stroke slamming deep and hard. Her voice is a constant stream of moans and cursing. His sweat is dripping on her back as she is being fucked. Her first orgasm hits her so hard, her knees start to shake. He grips tighter to keep her from falling. With the pace perfect for climax she cums again.
"I want to feel your cum in me, cum in me please!" She blurts out.
Her third orgasm hits her as he grunts out a loud oh fuck, and shoots deep in her pussy.
Gary's pace slows, and his grip lightens. He is breathing hard. Mays sex is burning in a good way of being freshly fucked. She slips him out, and turns around to kiss him. She gently touches and strokes his softening member. Her thoughts go to thanking him for what he did by doing something she knew he loved. So she kissed her way down him to suck his penis that is covered in what just happened. She looks up at him as it goes into her mouth. Softly sucking and licking, has him unsteady. Her hands grip his ass, while her mouth does the work.
All of a sudden she feels his body stiffen. May looks up to see Gary looking to the side. With his cock still in her mouth she looks over to see the woman that was by them looking at them rubbing her pussy. May eases Gary's cock out of her mouth. Then turn to their audience.
They all just look at each other quietly till the woman talks.
"I don't mean to interrupt." She says still rubbing her sex.
"I saw you suck his cock when I went into the water. When you left I wanted to see more. If you don't mind me watching, I would love to watch you guys. Your fucking hot." She tells them.
"I like that idea if you do? Wanna go back to the beach and keep going?" May looks up at Gary and asks as she strokes his cock.
He doesn't say a word just looks down and smiles at her sexy let's do it grin, as his cock starts getting hard.