I
The girls started filing in to Ms. Thorndike's classroom at 9:00 a.m. By 9:15 all of the seats were filled and a few of the girls started scouting for any empty chairs they could squeeze in. They were asked to arrange themselves in a semi-circle around two empty high-backed stools.
They weren't exactly sure what they were there for. But the title of the special class - "Demystifying Boys" - sounded promising enough to entice the senior class of Wheatfield Girls High School back to a classroom on a summer day in July.
Wheatfield Girls High School was located in a rural part of the upper Midwest. The girls at Wheatfield Girls High School were known as very naïve sexually, which is pretty much what their parents signed up for. They wore uniforms, the internet was controlled, and there were no boys around. (The boys went to Wheatfield Boys High School and were known for being very frustrated sexually).
At some point it was decided that the graduating class of Wheatfield Girls High should have a practical lesson in the opposite sex before they went off to .. wherever they went off to after high school. The girls were 18 years old after all. Still, the parents were required to sign off on this "special class" without knowing quite what was involved.
Backstage, so to speak (actually in an adjoining classroom), the "stars" of the show were waiting. Logan, the tall dark haired boy, attired in jeans and hoodie, was sipping on a coke and tapping his foot. Trevor, the shorter blonde boy, wearing cargo shorts and t-shirt that said OAKTON WRESTLING, was pacing.
"Yea I think we're both a little nervous," Logan said. "I mean who wouldn't be?" Trevor said that he just hoped he wouldn't get too excited. "I just want to be chill. We're doing it for credit on our college applications. In a competitive world it will mean a lot."
"And I hope it will be a good experience for the girls too," Logan added.
Ms. Thorndike stuck her head in briefly and advised the boys, "You can start getting ready now."
The girls seemed to sense that something "pretty major" was about to happen and the cacophony of their voices got louder with anticipation. The din died down when Mrs. Thorndike strode to the head of the class.
"Good morning everyone. Glad to see that you could all make it." Complete silence.
"Does everyone understand the title of our presentation?" Some heads nodded.
"Demystifying Boys means taking the mystery out of the opposite sex." Some of them smiled when they heard the word "sex."
"It means you're going to learn about boys, what makes them tick, what they're like, what they're afraid of, how their brains work."
Heads nodded. "So when you to go college and start interacting with boys you're going to have some knowledge and perspective." And Ms. Thorndike added, "Knowledge is power and we want you to be empowered young women."
"To help us with this program, we've invited two boys from Oakton, Illinois who've volunteered to come down here, answer some questions, and kind of model for us what the young male human is all about." The room started to buzz a little.
"But I'm sure these boys are a little nervous, so we want to make them feel comfortable. So I don't want to hear rude or disrespectful comments, is that understood?" Heads nodded. "They are our guests and we want to treat them with respect."
"At the same time," Ms. Thorndike went on, "this is your chance to learn everything you can about the young male. So no question is out of bounds. We're here to learn and be empowered!" she said exultantly.
"So let's bring our guests out. Girls, meet Logan and Trevor!"
Both young men emerged from the adjoining room in bare feet wearing only a towel. The girls were taken aback, but mindful of Mrs. Thorndike's reproach, just gave a respectful applause. The boys took their places on either side of the half-smiling Ms. Thorndike.
"Welcome boys," she said.
"Logan, let's start with you. Tell us your age and grade."
"Um, hi," he said. "I'm Logan. I'm 18 years old and a senior at Oakton High School in Oakton, Illinois."
"Any brothers or sisters?"
"Nope."
"Do you play sports?"
"Yea, center on the Oakton varsity basketball team."
"Oh I might have guessed with your height. How tall are you?"
"Uh 6'3'', 195 pounds."
One of the girls in the class said audibly, "Nice."
"What about you Trevor?"
"Just turned 18. Also a senior at Oakton high," he said.
"Any siblings?"
"Yea, a younger sister and younger brother."
"And what about sports?"
"Baseball, track, and wrestling," he said. Unlike Logan, Trevor had a few scrapes on his legs and a bandage on his right thumb. He added, "I'm 5'10" and 155 pounds."
"Well we're lucky to have two athletic boys with us today," said Mrs. Thorndike. And the girls seemed to agree.
"The first thing we will do to help demystify boys is to remove the veil, so to speak, that outer protective covering that keeps everything secret." The room went silent. "To learn the secrets of the opposite sex, we need to make everything transparent."
"Logan and Trevor, please drop your towels."
They looked at each other for a moment, the let their towels fall to floor and stood their facing their young female audience naked.
II
The reaction was immediate. Wolf whistles from some, some instinctively covered their eyes, some gasped, a couple screamed. Ms. Thorndike said nothing, just letting it all sink in. And the naked boys took their places on the adjoining stools.
Priscilla Thorndike was 37 years old. Some years ago, she became aware of a teenage magazine in Europe called Bravo. It resembled the teen mags in America, with its articles on clothes and celebrities, but with one startling difference. Each week, in a section called "Bodycheck" a young man, in high school or college, would be featured. And he'd answer interview questions about his home life, the kind of girls he dated, his favorite music, etc. And the article would be accompanied by a picture of the young man - displayed frontally nude.
"I love Bodycheck," said Ms. Thorndike, "because these weren't actors or porn stars, but the boys that were in your homeroom class or on the football field and we were seeing them as they were in all their glory. And I became determined to do a live presentation with that theme."
Indeed, on the applications that Ms. Thorndike sent to consenting parents, it actually said that the girls would meet and talk to two boys from another high school. The naked part was left out, however.
The young female audience didn't seem to mind. "My first reaction was 'I'm not supposed to look,'" said Tori, a slight dark haired girl. "But like the whole point was to look."
"I mean we've all seen pictures," said blond Kristin, "But to actually have naked boys our own age a few feet away just sitting there was very awesome."
"For like the first few minutes I just kept staring at their dicks," said Carly. "I mean maybe it was rude but I couldn't help it."
There was an inevitable division of opinion. Kristin thought that Logan was "quite hot."
"He had all that hair on his legs and like a trail and he was very manly down there if you know what I mean."
But Tyler had his fans too. "I'd definitely go out with him," said Beth, who was decidedly chunky. Then she and her friends giggled.
III
The first question the boys got was: "Like how embarrassed are you guys?"
Both boys sitting on opposite stools, legs spread, penises dangling, answered in unison: "Very."
"When I let the towel drop, this one girl in the first row acted like she got hit by a truck," Logan said.
"Yea the noise level got a little crazy for a few seconds," said Tyler.
"When a girl would ask us a question, I would try to make eye contact with her, but most of the time they'd be looking at my junk," Logan said.
"Its like when we look at girls we're thinking of their boobs and stuff and seeing them naked," Tyler noted. "Turns out they like to see guys naked too."
Precisely, agreed Ms. Thorndike. "This is as much a learning experience for the boys as for the girls," she said. "Boys grow up with the idea that its totally natural for them to objectify females. Girls are taught that its unladylike to do the same to boys, so that, at the very least, it occurs under the surface. In an environment where girls are given permission to look, the boys find out what its like to be evaluated on their physical appearances, just like they do to girls."
A few of the girls in front got an unexpected show when Trevor nonchalantly leaned back and pulled up his right ankle to scratch himself.
"We got a clear view of his butthole," Kristin said matter of factly. "Seriously, I've never even seen a picture of that."
"It was cute in a way," she said. "But I kind of felt sorry for him that I saw it. I don't think any guy wants to think of a girl looking at that."
IV
At first the guys weren't too sure of what to ask the two naked boys in front of them, so the questions weren't very interesting. But then one of them asked Logan whether he had a girlfriend.
Logan answered, somewhat shyly, that, yes, he had a girlfriend named Lori, a junior, and they had been seeing eachother for six months. And no, she didn't know he was doing this.
Then the girls noticed something interesting. Upon mentioning his girlfriend, Logan's penis began to lengthen and thicken and rise in little twitches.
The girls didn't say anything, though there was a little snickering. But the girls figured out that by mentioning girls or girlfriends or their physical attributes they could get a nice little physical reaction from the boys.
So they were both asked what they looked for in a girl and what kinds of girls they went out with and what kind they avoided. Logan's penis continued to fascinate, occasionally rising, then deflating, then rising again all on its own. By the time he was asked whether he liked girls with big boobs, the girls knew that he did because his boyhood pointed straight out.
Logan was happy when the questions started to move to Trevor. One of the girls had heard that at some co-ed schools boys wrestled girls. She wanted to know what Trevor thought of that. Logan laughed and said, "yea Trevor, what do you think of that?" and naturally the audience wanted Trevor to spill.
TREVOR: Um well yea this year I wrestled a girl.
GIRL: Really? What happened?
TREVOR: Um well. Actually ... well actually ... I sort of lost.
The girls erupted in applause.
GIRL: I mean I'm sorry for you but I think that's so cool.
Trevor flashed an embarrassed smile.
GIRL: How did she beat you?
TREVOR: I didn't expect it. I just figured it would be easy, nothing to it. Then we started going at it and I went for her and basically I got flipped over.
GIRL: So she pinned you?!
TREVOR: Yea.
GIRL: How did that make you feel?
TREVOR: Pretty embarrassed at first. Especially when we both got up and she took off her helmet and she's was like a girly girl with a pony tail.
While Trevor was discoursing about his wrestling match, the girls watched in wonderment as his boyish penis twitched and grew and rose straight up to his belly button exposing his balls. It seemed like a fitting end to the class.
The time had gone by too quickly and by the time the boys left, both exited with full erections bobbing up and down; Logan's pointing straight out like a guided missile, and Trevor's pointing upwards towards the ceiling.
VI
The girls stayed behind with Ms. Thorndike to get "debriefed."
A few of the girls were interested in the fact that both boys' penises were leaking. Logan's cock head was totally covered with moisture and Trevor had a small string of goo leaking out of his dick. This gave Mrs. Thorndike the opportunity to discourse on the subject of pre-cum, which the girls found fascinating.
News of this show also leaked out, so to speak. One group that was not too pleased about the show were the young men at Wheatfield Boys High.
"Well when I heard about it I thought it was bullshit," said Kyle, a senior whose twin sister saw the show and couldn't wait to tell him. "I don't think its right," he said.
Andrew was livid. "They had these guys our age in the room totally naked! The girls were talking about their dicks and stuff - it was totally humiliating."
"I mean I can't imagine how any guy could do that," said Brett.
"I thought girls were into personalities and sense of humor and stuff," said the somewhat nerdy Shawn. "Now I don't know. I'm just hearing about how hot these guys were." He shook his head sadly.
And once the parents heard the details about the class, there was little chance the boys would be rewarded with a similar visual feast.
VI.
Logan and Trevor were back in the empty classroom when Mrs. Thorndike popped her head in. They were both still naked and were wiping off their moist dicks.
They both instinctively covered themselves when she came in, as if their dicks hadn't been exposed to her for the previous half-hour.
She came in to thank them and then sat down to watch them put on their underwear.
Logan said he thought that the girls learned something about guys and hoped that he wasn't being judged just as a sex object. Then he excused himself, went off to the nearest bathroom, went into a stall, and locked the door.
Trevor dressed pretty quickly. When last seen he was chatting with the wrestling girl and making plans to hang out at Starbucks.
Ms. Thorndike was never permitted to set foot in a high school again.