James had been in a state of constant arousal since the two guys fucked me last weekend. I thought that by now, almost six days later, that his arousal would have waned somewhat, but this was not the case. In the last six days my mouth, pussy and asshole have been flooded with his spunk, due to the fact that every given opportunity, he has been slamming his rampant cock in one of my holes. It got so bad on Wednesday that I had to tit fuck him to give my holes a bit of reprise.
It may have a lot to do with Mike and Dave fucking me last weekend, it could have a lot to do with me parading around the house in thigh length boots or stockings and garters, but it may also be attributed to my upcoming gig where I'll be the stripper at a Bachelor party.
James is well aware that there will be twelve guys in the hotel room they've booked, including the groom, and the best man has requested lots of kinky PVC lingerie, as the groom has a bit of a PVC fetish.
I've been tormenting James all week telling him that I intend to fuck all of them and that I'm looking forward to writhing beneath some huge cocked studs, with my stockinged legs wrapped around their backs as I begged them to fill me with their spunk. I even spiced it up by saying that I will give the groom my asshole to fuck as a special treat and his friends can video it all on their phones.
Once I'd informed James that I would be fucking them all, the spunk has been flying out of his cock all week on the strength of this.
I've been riding James cowgirl style, telling him every little detail of what I intend to allow these guys to do to me. Each day gradually building up the torment and humiliation. I started letting him see a chosen selection of some of the sexting the best man has been sending. He was the guy who booked me and has been inundating me with some very imaginative texts.
"I did hear how you got freaky with two local footballers!" He texted, which was true, as recently two young professional footballers came into the strip club recently and spent an obscene amount of money on me, having personal lap dances and as they were so hot and virile, I let them both finger me to orgasm. They asked did I do any extras, so I willingly went back to their hotel room where they fucked every hole and photographed every marvellous sordid detail.
James cock was still inside me when I showed him this text and I can tell you all, right here and now, that his cock actually grew harder and bigger inside me at reading the text.
The next night I was riding his cock, wearing a black leather waspie and black seamed stockings whilst reading out some of the texts, his face was flushed and his whole body shook with the torment and humiliation of the texts. I read the next line out loudly, feeling the arousal increase dramatically.
"Those footballer guys told me to make sure that there is a cock in your pussy before sliding one up your ass. They said the married slut loves to be double penetrated!"
James looked back at me with a shocked expression splashed across his flushed face.
"Her old man just can't give her enough cock! She needs to be fucked by others. That's why she's a stripper, so she can pick and choose cock to fuck her!"
Seeing the excited torment James was enduring, I decided to reply to that text. I began typing and saying the words slowly.
"They're right! I need lots of cock and I do love to be fucked up the ass! I can't get enough cock or spunk!" I smiled continuing my text "Send me a picture of your cock so I can look at it while I finger myself!"
Pressing send I smiled and looked at James who was almost salivating with lust at this point.
"I love having a new cock inside me. I love to tell you all about it when I return home to you, coated in spunk from the spewing cock!" I teased as I rode James slowly and deliberately " I love to either stroke your cock, ride your cock or have you lick all of the cum out of my holes while I tell you how it all got there!"
My phone pinged with a reply to my message. Smiling at James I picked up my phone, rotating my hips so my pussy was grinding on his ridiculously hard cock, I opened the text message to see a photograph upload.
My eyes opened wide with delight, my mouth opened and a very sexy moan left my throat, resonating around my bedroom. Biting my bottom lip, I closed my eyes and rode James cock until I had enjoyed a very powerful orgasm.
James was staring up me, seeing my obviously increased state of arousal, as I turned the phone toward him to reveal a huge black cock on my telephone screen. The blood drained from James flushed face, obviously needed to fuel the raging hard on he was sporting. His cock was so hard it was almost breakable. I began to slide up and down his porcelain hard cock, my juices flowing over the hardest cock ever to be inside me.
"I wonder if they're all black?" James said, not realising his words were arousing me even more. The thought of fucking a room full of big black alpha cocks was the stuff of fantasies.
"I hope so!" I panted furiously "My cunt and asshole will be so stretched afterwards. I want to be covered in their hot black seed!"
James was almost at the point of no return as I felt his hard cock twitching.
I was biting my bottom lip, trembling uncontrollably, enjoying one of the most perfect orgasms in the history of sex. My hands were on James chest, as I rode his cock frantically.
"I'll not only be their stripper on Saturday, I'll also be their black cock slut! They will do anything they want to me!" I panted as I felt the forceful flood of James spunk gush inside me.
As James continued to empty his load inside me, I picked up my phone, looking at the cock on the screen, I smiled at James then licked the screen slowly.
James looked at me with a mix of pure lust and abject horror. This little tormenting slut activity, had somehow managed to ensure James cock was still hard as he continued to thrust upward. I leant forward, my large breasts pressing on to his naked chest, my lips lightly brushing against his as I rode his cock slowly, making sensual love amidst our kinky driven earlier debauchery.
We must have made love for over an hour, where James pleasured me many times with gentle delicate orgasms, before finally emptying his load deep inside me once more.
His gentle thrusts diminished as we held each other lovingly. My lips were softly nibbling James full lips, my tongue slowly probing his mouth as our panting breath began to normalise.
"James that was awesome. You were terrific!" I smiled approvingly.
"Imagine how good it will be when you come home on Saturday, filled with spunk and all of your holes have been stretched from all of the black cock that has just fucked you!" James smiled stroking my sweat drenched hair.
"Oh fuck you're setting me off again!" I giggled as the familiar tingle swept through my cum filled pussy.
James held me close and kissed me delicately. I smiled at him lovingly and whispered.
"You can help me get ready for my striptease tomorrow if you want?" I smiled "It's a brand new black PVC Waspie with belt buckles up the front and a matching quarter cup PVC bra that shows my pierced nipples delectably!"
James grinned and stroked my erect nipples gently.
"If you want to come along as my minder and watch the show then feel free to do so, but I should warn you that judging by the size of the best mans big black cock, I will be acting like a complete whore!"
James grinned and said.
"That's not far from the truth as they will be paying you and you will be taking their cocks in your holes!"
I looked at James with a devilishly wicked grin.
"James you certainly know how to keep this slut on the boil!"
Saturday can't come quick enough!