A regular guy's confessions. Chapter 2: Wank for Mistress
This is the second of a collection of short confession-like accounts of some of the more kinky experiences I've had over the years. I'm just a regular, married, British guy in my 50s now, with a family I love. But I've had a few really interesting kinks, mini adventures and sexual encounters over my life so far that I wanted to share a few. I love sharing, and who knows, some may either give people ideas for themselves, or reassure others their own "depraved" thoughts and perversions aren't actually that freakish, and most of us have a darker side. I hope you enjoy this one, and others as they come along.
This is a true story of a little, fun incident I had about 10 years ago.
I had been visiting a local dominatrix on a regular basis. I'd finally taken the plunge to start exploring a sub side in me I'd kept under wraps for years. Mistress Eliza. She was younger than me, late 20s / early 30s (I was about 40 at the time) and she was incredibly attractive. The kind of girl I'd have been fixated with in normal circumstances, irrespective of our special relationship. She was absolutely not how I'd expected a dominatrix to look when I first started to fantasise about exploring my sub side. I found her on an adult site and reached out to her and she was perfect. We chatted over WhatsApp for a while, then met for a coffee in a local Starbucks. She knew I was new to all this and we had a really good chat about what I was looking for, what I thought I'd enjoy, limits etc. Anyway, I'll go into all that at some point in another chapter I'm sure.
But this particular incident happened a couple of years later, when we knew each other well. We'd almost become friends really, to such an extent where she occasionally used to hold my sessions at her home rather than the dungeon where she worked. (I was quite touched - I was the only slave she had who she did that for). And I fancied the arse of her, and wanked over her all the time. Anyway, this day I was due to visit a local site through work (I have a rather dull job in financial services) and had to meet my boss there at 11:00. So I'd do an hour or two working at home then head across for a couple of meetings.
Anyway as often happens when I'm working at home, I started to feel a little horny and thought I'd have a wank. I was about to, then I had a naughty thought - the site I was visiting was really close to the Eliza's house, and I started to wonder if she was in. A naughty idea was developing. I text her and she was home - so I made her a proposition along the lines of:
"Can I call in about 10:30? I really need to cum. No small talk, no chit chat, I arrive and you show me in, I milk my little cock for you and then you throw me out. £20. What do you say?"
I knew she'd go for it as long as she wasn't going anywhere as she was always up for kinky stuff, and she did. She replied in her usual cheeky style, with:
"Naughty boy! I love that idea. See you 10:30, don't be late!"
And so a couple of hours later there I was - professionally dressed in suit etc for a work meeting, pulling up at hers. My heart was absolutely pounding as I walked up her drive - I always got crazy excited when I visited her. I knocked and she answered - quick £20 for her (although she'd have done it for free I think, but I liked the idea of paying her - bit sleazy!) so she hadn't got into her full dom outfit she'd wear for normal sessions. Leggings and a t shirt - which was perfect for me.
"In," she said abruptly. And I obeyed and followed her into the kitchen. God her arse looked good in those leggings. And in keeping with our mistress and slave relationship, I always had to confess when I had a dirty thought.
"Mistress I'm so sorry but I've just had a dirty thought," I meekly confessed. I knew I'd be admonished for that, but that was just all part of the game.
"You dirty little bastard - what now?" she replied.
"I'm sorry Miss but I was looking at your beautiful ass in those leggings and am having dirty thoughts," was all I dare admit.
"What were you thinking? Tell Mistress EXACTLY what you were thinking," she barked. She was brilliant at playing this character.
Now from experience of being with Mistress Eliza, I know I always have to be as detailed as possible, and as honest as possible. So I was.
"Mistress I so want to worship that beautiful ass of yours. To feel it, stroke it, lick it, bite it. I want to pull your cheeks apart and rim your asshole, even push my tongue right up inside your asshole. And I'd love, one day, to fuck your tight ass with my little cock. I'm so sorry Miss I can't help it".
She laughed in my face.
"You filthy Wanker. You'll never get to do things like that. Mistress doesn't let sad Wankers like you do things like that, only real men. You're only fit to wank over me. So, trousers and pants round your ankles wanker - and milk your tiny cock onto the kitchen table".
God I was in heaven. I love being treated like this and obeyed immediately. My cock is only about 5-6 inches long so not tiny but not big. However part of our games was she always had to insult it. Plus I'm sure the naughty bitch has seen far bigger ones regularly too, so maybe it wasn't all a complete pretend game.
So I started stroking and wanking it while she stood right next to me insulting me.
"Wank that tiny cock you fucking pervert".
"Imagine if your work colleagues knew you did this".
"How the fuck do you satisfy your wife with that tiny fucking thing".
That kind of thing. The kind of phrases she knew I loved and got my cock harder than ever. Then she started doing something I love but it's quite niche - she spat in my face.
"Pathetic little wanker," she'd say and spat again. My cock was absolutely throbbing now as I started to beat faster. I loved this.
"Mistress, will you spit into your mouth please? I deserve it for being so filthy".
And with that, she pulled my mouth open with both hands and spat in my mouth, ordering me to swallow it. Hmmmm.
After I'd been wanking like this for a couple of minutes, I noticed as she leaned over watching me wank I could just see the back of her thong above her leggings.
"Oh god Miss I can see your panties"
Now, I have a real panty fetish which she knew all about as we'd explored this lots.
"Ooh I bet you like that panty boy don't you, do you want to see more?" She teased. God I was in heaven.
With that she pulled her leggings all the way down and bent right over the table exposing her thong and lovely arse.
"Go on, have a feel as you wank, panty boy," she whispered, huskily, as she presented her arse to me.
I'd not really touched her before so this was kind of new territory. But here I was, right hand wanking furiously, left hand groping this beautiful young woman's gorgeous butt. I took advantage too and rubbed between her legs so I could feel her thong covered mound all warm and moist. This was definitely further than I'd ever been allowed to go but I figured she'd say if it was too far. As I slid my middle finger over her cotton covered mound, I could feel her cunt lips either side of my finger. Jesus I was so close to this gorgeous girl's pussy. A pussy I'd been wanking over for the last 2 years.
Anyway after only another minute or so of this, it was too much and I was about to cum. I told her and she told me to cum. Again using dirty talk,
"Cum now you dirty cunt",
"Do it you filthy wanker".
I felt my balls tighten and I shot spurt after spurt all over her kitchen table. As I was cumming I grunted, almost shouting it,
"My cum is for you mistress". It was seriously one of the most memorable sexual encounters I've ever had.
I was in post cum bliss when she brought me out of it by pulling up her leggings.
"Right. Fuck off now you dirty bastard, and leave the £20 on the worktop," as she gave my bare backside such a spank. Bliss. (She later confessed that she would like to repeat what we did, but with her being sub. In her fantasy I'd wank onto her kitchen table again, but this time I'd force her head onto the table and after I'd cum I'd force her to lick the table clean. Smear cum all over her face and make her lick it all up).
Anyway, 20 minutes later I was shaking hands with my boss with the hand I'd just milked my cock with, and in full on professional, respectable mode.
I've lost touch with Eliza now which I'm really sad about. She's probably the single person I've shared more about my sexuality with than any other person in the world. I hope our paths do cross again though. In the mean time I still regular wank over memories of our time together and pictures from her website.
I hope you've enjoyed this Chapter. Please do leave feedback if you've like it, or if you've any ideas how my little chapters could be improved.