"Wake up, Daddy."
Paige Turner had heard her father Lonnie grumble and roll over in bed three times in her efforts to revive him. They only had two hours before their bus departed for Medieval Times. She had never seen her dad this drunk before. Either his date with the IHOP waitress Deborah Johnson went well or very badly. She wasn't certain having been asleep when he got home.
Well rested she herself was showered and chipper. Finding her Medieval outfit sewn to her surprise put her in a good mood right out of the baby gate, namely her bed. A purchased girdle from an adult bookstore sent her over the top. She had yet to discover the silly photos that her three big boy babysitters had taken before they left early in the morning. All she remembered was being tucked in and kissed goodnight by all three Romeo's.
"Daddy?" Tired of hounding Lonnie she collapsed to her side feeling helpless. "We're going to miss the bus. If we do, Clint and his friends might never talk to me again. I promised them I'd meet them, and I don't want anyone to think I lied to them." She pouted at his oblivious snoring. Growling under her breath she chose a more vicious tactic. This called for a pillow fight.
Snatching up his extra pillow she swatted him on the back. As the breeze of her recoiling arms prepped for a second assault she smelled the alcohol on his breath. Whining at the thoughts of her day being ruined she pelted him two more times. Jumping up and down on the bed her next strategy, she started chanting. "WAKE UP! WAKE UP! WAKE UP! WAKE UP!" At a total of ten rough disturbances, he snapped at her.
"Fifteen more minutes. Leave me the fuck alone."
As he drifted easily back to sleep, she hissed at his alarm clock. "Fifteen minutes. I'm timing you, Mister. If you don't wake up, I'm sitting on your face." Her threat normally would be welcomed. As she sat back on the side of his bed, she heard his cell vibrate. Nosey she looked to see what it was. Having been unplugged his charge was only at 40%. In hooking it up to charge more, she eyed his text message. It was from Deborah. Reading it she determined that his date went well.
"Morning, Big Daddy. I had a wonderful time on our date. You better ask me out again before Wayne hits me up. LOL! I scolded Coochie for stealing your number from my cell. Sorry again, for her video. I can't guarantee she won't do it again, that girl can be compulsive. Enjoy your day at Medieval Times. Give Paige my best. MWAH!"
"Awww! Wait! Video? I want to see, Coochie." She located the girl's video and grinned until she plays it. Once started Paige flared her eyes. "Whoa!" That was her last audible word as she lowered the volume so that Lonnie didn't hear adorable Coochie moaning as she fucked her tight little pussy with a vibrator.
"Who does that to a perfect stranger?" With an expression of awe, she chuckled to herself, "Me." The two girls might just have more in common that she thought. As Coochie had done her mother, Paige swiped Coochie's cell number, Deb's as well. Two could play this game she giggled to herself dancing in her seat. Saved for a rainy day.
Deciding to go get dressed Paige chose her attire for not just comfort, but as an easy access to allow her college boys to touch her all over. That was her only true goal for the guys meeting her on the Mass Transit Bus. Those very same men that she had met not long ago on her way to school. They requested more after tracking her down on Tender. More than willing to honor their desires, she agreed to make time, if only for an hour on their journey to Medieval Times in Schaumburg.
A denim miniskirt and a very thin white camisole left very little hidden. No underwear beneath would give the guys a worthy show. She was wet just thinking about them groping her. That is, if she could rally her father from his slumber. Brushing out her fire red hair, leaving it long and flowing she considered leaving her glasses at home. She rarely wore her contacts because they bothered her. She wanted to look beyond beautiful and a lot less nerdy. Regardless, the glasses won. Her dad could always hold onto them while she teased.
Touching up her makeup she shuffled back into Lonnie's bedroom and climbed back up on the mattress. Stepping over him she sat down on his torso and began bouncing as if fucking him. After a good three minutes her father groaned.
"Fuck! Hangover from hell."
"What can I get to help you daddy?"
"I'll live. How's our time doing?"
"We have one hour to catch our bus. I'm going to text Clint and let him know we'll be there. It takes an hour to get through the city. That gives them plenty of time to strip me nakie."
"You're going all the way nude on a city bus?"
"If I can. I want them to see me without my clothes."
"That's a huge risk."
"He says he's bringing seven of his college friends to help block the other riders from seeing. Saturday's the buses are usually pretty full. Can we get on separately, so you don't scare them away?"
"I can do that. Let's just hope I can stay close enough to you just in case things go bad."
"Carry my girdle, dress, and shoes?"
"I told you I would. In my duffle though, I'm not carrying a Hello Kitty bag."
"Okay."
"Get off of me so I can go shower up. Go make me some coffee."
"I already did. I'll go grab you a mug." She abandoned him in a rush. "World's Best Daddy mug coming up."
"And some breakfast."
"Pop tart coming up."
Staring at her vibrant wiggle he forced himself from bed before eying his cell phone. Realizing Deborah had left him a text he smiled then just as quickly scowled. Someone had read it before he had. He wondered who? Not that it stressed him too heavily.
That is until he recalled Coochie's masturbation teaser. He concluded that Paige had watched it too. At his age he should really learn to lock his cellphone, so that only he could use it. Too late now. It was certainly no worse than all of the things he and Paige were doing. Should he continue seeing Deborah Johnson, he knew their incest secret would get out. As understanding as Deb had been he questioned if she could handle that much. Would she always worry that he might tap her own daughter? The kid was sexy as hell. "Shit! Get this crap out of your head, Turner. Deb knows I watched her kid play and wasn't stressed about it. If she can handle that, and knowing what I let Paige do, I should be good."
A hot shower cleansed his body and his thoughts. While in the shower Paige brought his coffee and a cherry pop tart to his bedroom, sitting it next to his bed. Leaving it, she stepped into his bathroom and watched him wash up. He looked so sexy.
"Did you get some last night?"
"You know I did. Quit snooping in my phone."
"Sorry! Deborah text while I was sitting on your bed. I couldn't resist. Coochie..." She hesitated! "... did you like her video?"
"She shocked me as much as it probably did you. Deb doesn't seem to mind that her kid does that. Maybe we freaks just met our match."
"Should I video myself masturbating and send it to Deb?"
"Are you nuts? There's a huge difference between Coochie doing that to me because I'm a guy and doing that to a grown woman."
"Deb might like it." She teased!
"You do it you might as well move in with Frank."
"Visit yes, live no. I'll probably only do Mister Frank a few more times."
"Easy money."
"I know but, I don't want to feel like a Mistress. It's fun for now. Maybe after I take Robin's virginity I'll move on. There are so many other guys on Tender. I'm at 7,000 date options." She giggled! "I might never have to buy a thing ever again."
Stepping out to dry off Lonnie frowned. "That's too many guys Paige. Pick and choose maybe 2% of those."
"No way! 25% maybe."
"What have I turned you into?"
"A nympho?" She responded, not letting on that Brett and the boys at school were calling her that. To be honest she hadn't put any emphasis on a title. Not slut. Not nympho. Certainly not whore. Fun was fun, pure and simple. Her soul shined when guys found her erotic. She wanted nothing more than to assist them in fulfilling fantasies. The more the merrier. Of late she was discovering that it was much more rewarding to be in the presence of more than one man at a time. Blame Lonnie and his friends.
Since that fateful night her desires were increasing, shyness for the most part an act these days. Last night was incredible, fucked in her own front yard for all to witness by three gentle giants for well over an hour. Living dangerously was becoming a major turn on. Thank goodness her neighbors were cool. She also hoped that Brett's buddies that got scared off didn't damage their lives any more than they had so far.
"You look comfy." He set about combing his hair.
"I dressed for easy access. I can change at Medieval Times. Oh, coffee." She pivoted in step before returning with his coffee mug and the pop tart. He frowned at the pastry.
"You can eat that."
"Yay!" She immediately began nibbling at it while he sipped his caffeine fix. "I don't know who I'm more excited to tease. Todd at Medieval Times, or Clint and his friends."
"Don't go getting too messy on the bus. It's going to be a long day."
"I packed wet wipes, and body spray." She giggled! "Condoms too!"
"Keep in mind the bus ride might not go as planned. Not everybody is okay with your nudity and lude acts. Kids and older people might be watching."
"Clint's friends will block things. I'm not going to let them down." She pouted while chewing.
"White polo shirt. Grey slacks. Go." He pointed toward his bedroom as he slapped on cologne. Scurrying about in his closet for his choices Paige laid them out on his bed. Patiently waiting she sat on the mattress kicking her left leg back and forth while finishing off the pop tart.
Observing him get dressed she noted him going commando as she often did, today especially. It amused her. Looking over her own cell she snapped a selfie and sent it to both Clint and those friends of his that she knew. The very same photo fired off to Todd. Then, Frank. Joshy. Bryan. Greg. Uncle's Mike and Andy. The shoe store boys. It kept her busy. Two final sends went to Deborah and Coochie. Let Coochie see who she's messing with, she laughed. Paige was gorgeous with her red hair, long and silky. It was no wonder every guy in sight stopped cold to stare. No more nerdiness. All sexy. Unless she wanted to be nerdy. Different story!
"Everything you need in my bag?"
"Should I take my toy?"
"The teddy bear stays home." He unpacked Fuzzy with a scowl. "Come on now!"
"I tried Fuzzy." She lifted the stuffed animal to her lips and kissed it. He was laid to rest on a pillow. "There! You hibernate."
Lon lifted her sewn up dress from the bag, "This Medieval outfit is gaudy as fuck Paige."
"The girdle helps. Thank you for buying it."
"I couldn't let you wear Saran wrap around your waist."
"If Todd and I hit it off and I end up going to his Larping battle, I want to invest in a real Medieval gown."
"Better see Frank as often as his wallet allows then."
"So, you think I should become his mistress long term?"
"Not forever no. Couple months maybe. If you don't piss him off by fucking his nephew."
"I'll tease Robin a month before seducing him." She shifted her shoulders playfully.
"I'm ready when you are Short Bus."
"Short bus? I'm not mentally or physically challenged."
"You're short and we're riding a bus."
"Oh! Okay!" She patted her leg laughing.
Packed up they headed out the door running. Two blocks away they sat at an enclosed bus shelter and waited on their ride. Paige never once crossed her legs, her skirt offering a sight line straight up to yumminess. Other riders drooled hard. Lonnie couldn't be prouder of his little girl. As their bus approached Lonnie stood up and stepped away from her. "Show time. Try not to look my way."
"I hope they like me." She fidgeted with her denim skirt. Lonnie merely rolled his eyes. Bus halting in front of the small plexiglass enclosure the eight people waiting entered first. Then, Paige. Lonnie after one other person. Making their way to the back after paying their bus fare Paige was greeted by Clint standing in the congested rear. Lonnie managed to get past them and take a crowded seat between two other men. Mostly everyone here looked to be the age of Clint. Observing their attention on Paige who now stood with Clint, Lonnie concluded the obvious. "Seven friends my ass. Try an entire fraternity." He mentally counted 12 guys in their 20's. Another few questionable. Others closer to his age. This might get interesting.
As Clint introduced his so called 7 other friends, he intentionally left out the rest of the guys. Let them have their fun Lon thought. The more guys cloaking her the better. Of course, he himself wasn't getting a very good visual as she quickly vanished behind the herd. Only her feet were now in sight.
"You fucking look hot today." Clint spoke up as the bus departed. She shifted into him as the bus bounced about on the road. "Hotter upon contact."
"I did this for you guys. See? Short micro miniskirt." She turned her back to him then tugged it up to show off her butt cheeks. Dangling her camisole's shoulder straps, her top fluttered downward over her cleavage, stopping at the fullness of her breasts. She winked at Clint's friends encouraging them to edge closer consuming her space. She loved their eyes checking her out.
"Long bus ride to Schaumburg." Clint chuckled!
"I'll keep you occupied."
"Don't worry about anything." A heavy-set man spoke up. "We can keep you from being busted."
"I'm not worried." She shyly looked up at him. Clint behind her began rolling his palms over her shoulders, then guiding her straps lower on her arms. The camisole slipping down to her nipples. A single finger of encouragement from a third boy lured the shirt over her tits allowing them to become fully exposed. She blushed with an expression of devious awe. Palms quickly caressed her chest, tantalizing her nipples. Her eyes sparkling with excitement at how swift everyone moved in for the kill, she studied their emotions closely. Awe and desire were filling their reactions with deep dark wishes. She knew they wanted her naked, that was her own fantasy in the moment.
Clint hugged her from behind, closely guiding her skirt up to her waist. Shirt and skirt were now a tangled belt in appearance. Outside of her shoes, Paige Turner was 90% uncovered. Hands groping her from all angles. She loved it. Praise murmured from the midst of eight individuals.
"Fuck you're gorgeous." led to, "Most beautiful body I've ever seen." from there, "Kiss her nipples." Lifting her breasts for them she offered two men a sample of each areola. Her erogenous zone prompting thick juicy nip nips. Clint rubbing her ass, moved his arms around her to frolic amid her wet little pussy. She whimpered at their consumption and darted her gaze from one stud to the next. They were all cute.
"Do you all like me?" She asked in her sweetest tone. Her answer obvious, but she wanted to hear it.
"Delicious." remarked one, leading to another sharing, "Goddammit! I want to fuck you." Three others concurred. Her body was now licked from four separate angles, their hands caressing her legs and thighs. Exhaling soft moans, she realized that in bending down to challenge her, the guys weren't hiding her from the front of the bus as well as they could. Men that weren't a part of their pack were catching on. Seeing curiosity in their eyes she fluttered her fingers at them. As long as a smile returned, she felt comfortable.
Lonnie not so much. Concerned he clenched his teeth which made the boys seated to both sides of him eye his behavior. For now, he sat back shaking his head and pointing at her. To avoid suspicion, he chuckled! "You don't see that every day. Unless of course you live in Japan." Obviously, Lonnie watched too much porn.
"Maybe I can visit you in school and let you fuck me." She returned their enthusiasm. "I'd love that. Would you love that?" Their eyes brightened up over her exuberant offer. The man who initiated the wish was certainly all for that. Most of them were up for a less risky adventure with this amazing redhead. Regardless, they wanted what they could get away with here and now.
"Guys?" Clint advised as his hands continued to rub her clit. "People can see her over you."
"It's okay." She became daring. "As long as the driver doesn't see me. Or those old ladies up front." She flirted again with those not part of Clint's comrades. Clint uncertain of their safety motioned to his friends seated around Lonnie to join them.
Spotting Lonnie himself made Clint edgy. It wasn't until Lonnie gave him a thumbs up that Clint felt obligated to offer a nod. Abandoning Lonnie in favor of standing in front of those bending over, he caught glimpses of guys kissing and licking short little Paige. Lon had to laugh.
"Nooooooo!" Paige tilted her head back at Clint. "I want them to see me."
"FUCK!" Clint gnashed his teeth. Another nodded message, the guys parted and returned to their seats. In doing so her midsection audience livened up. They were grateful for her yearning decision. Crotches were being rubbed as they watched her being pawed up and kissed all over. Obviously fingered as Clint showed them wet digits. He even went so far as to share his glossed-up hand toward Lonnie. Lon offered a silent howl at his daughter's actions. Joining the crowd let him blend in as a perfect stranger.
Mesmerized by her outer audience, Paige reclaimed her tits from the greedy gauntlet and licked her own areolas for the midsection to view her. They ate it up. Between Clint's 12 allies and the six toward the middle she was giddy. Her curious mind wanted to push her limits while she had this opportunity. Peering back at Clint she whimpered a meatier request.
"Strip me nakie."
'Seriously?" He witnessed her erotic nod. With a shrug he committed to her request. "What the hell. Why not!"
He guided her shirt up over her raised arms. A guy in front of her unzipped and slid her micro miniskirt to her feet. Stepping out of it she procured both garments. Tossing her shirt out at her midsection viewers brought on a frenzy to capture it. Before Lonnie could realize it her skirt came flying back at him. Unlucky, his neighbor to the left jumped up and snatched it from the air. He sat down sniffing it before passing it in front of his buddy's nose, then Lonnie's. Lonnie felt like having a nervous breakdown. His kid was naked. Fuck! There went her shoes and socks.
"Dammit, Paige." He resisted ending her show. Smothered, he barely saw her through the cluster of testosterones. Reluctantly he let it go on. Even as every stop added more and more people, most tended to be guys. Lucky day it appeared.
"Share me." Paige looked up at Clint. He hesitantly relinquished her to his friends but remained close enough to hold her wrists up above her head so that she couldn't defend herself. Mouths were devouring her entire body. Clit licked! Nipples sucked upon! Fingers locating up both her vulva and her anal cavity She giggled and moaned at the same time. After a healthy five minutes of fingered ecstasy, she seconded her earlier words. "Share me." This time she attempted to guide those in front of her into stepping back in the aisle way. Following closely Clint's crew kept her camouflaged from overly curious eyes.
Reaching the midsection, she gave those fans holding her shirt a vivid show of guys kissing her everywhere. They were delighted by her desire to let them in on her escapades.
Lonnie was ready to piss his pants at her unexpected journey forward. Teetering back and forth nervously he was again left alone. Clint's entourage had stepped forward to peer over Clint. Clint maintained her back every step of the way, not wanting to lose contact over her. Although he did release her wrists from captivity. After edging forward six feet they were clustering way too much. Guys standing, having not noticed her were now zeroing in. Thankfully, guys were guys. Interest in her accumulated. As did her blockade of beefcake.
A feeding frenzy made Paige cover her mouth to prevent loud squealing. Those fingers returning up inside both her pussy and ass drove her insane. Eyes wincing at her delight she removed her hand to smile at her viewership. Reaching hands out to both sides of her, she let them touch her fingers. Shivering at their greedy approach to just partake in even that little, proved to her how much she was wanted.
In that moment her thoughts reminded her of Joshy's desire to let 25 of his friends enjoy her. That memory jumping over to her senior class saying every guy graduating wanted her, a calculation doubling Joshy's ownership fantasy. Doing this today gave her the final bit of confidence she needed. She wanted them all. So much for being the shy and tiny redhead.
"Share me." Again, she related to Clint and his feasting compadres. Some needing a breather relented in favor of allowing others to take their turns. As they offered room Paige did something unexpected. Bolting left she crawled into the lap of the man holding her shirt. Shocked he discovered her desire to grind over his erection. Falling back against him she palmed his cheek with an innocent gaze. "Touch me." That he did. Tits squeezed by mighty hands made her nibble her lower lip, his neighbor next to him daring to finger her. She moaned lightly in the lucky man's lap, as the bus stopped yet again. Spooked for her safety Clint grabbed her hand and yanked her back into the aisle way. A few of her fanbase were forced to get off having reached their destination.
Lonnie sitting alone with only three other men, not of Clint's college buddies, chuckled amongst themselves at those lucky bastards. Lon nodded with a smirk. "Some guys have all the luck."
From there he checked his cell GPS to see how much longer they had. Thirty minutes yet. How much further could this go? Wouldn't the driver get suspicious of so many guys hogging the aisleway? Obviously, Chicago traffic kept his eyes on the road. Smart man!
Ravaged further in the aisleway Paige endured more of Clint's buddies, some just now enjoying her milky white flesh. As they did Clint pulled her head back by her red hair and kissed her. She loved kissing. She felt like Mary Jane Watson kissing Spiderman upside down. Her balance unsteady, she felt someone grab her left hand. Pulling her hand down he wrapped her fingers around his cock. One of Clint's associates had gotten bold. She jerked him off as he made others aware of his perversions. Every damned one of these fuckers wanted to be him.
As Clint ended their kiss she sighed in his face. "I'm giving a hand job." He was taken by surprise until he looked to his left.
"Holy shit, Carver." He chuckled!
"I have another hand." She flirted waving at them playfully. Zippers flew down, dicks flopped out. Awestruck, she moved from one dick to the next giving each a thirty second jerk fest. After a while she knelt down and went from dick to dick kissing and licking urethras one after the other before standing up. Not one nut she pouted with disappointment. It had to be fear killing the mood.
Guys seated, leered around the backs of her barrier boys. Wanting to see her better they began pointing. Word was getting out amongst the bus. As she moved from side to side, she noted the area of the bus that she hadn't given as much attention to yearning for their own notice. After stroking twelve dicks in Clint's party, she once again looked up at Clint.
"Share me." crept in with that kidlike voice, which made dicks harder than anyone believed possible. Purple crowns showed Paige just how badly they wanted her. If she gave in here and now, she was certain half the bus would fuck her.
Easing past ejaculating studs, she straddled a man in his fifties. Arms around his neck she gyrated over his tented jeans. Giddy eye contact met between them she whispered. "They all want to fuck me."
"I can understand that."
"Do you want to fuck me?" She offered a pouty yet hopeful expression. Little Paige was getting good at her seduction skills. That babylike voice was a big plus.
"Oh, Sweet Hayzeus! YES!" He quickly unzipped his jeans and brought his penis out. Her thighs surrounding it she dared to sit on it briefly inserting his girth inside her cunt. Five hops over him she climbed off then kissed his dick goodbye.
"Did I tell you I'm on Tender?" She winked!
"No. I'll be sure to look you up."
"Yay! I'm going to go say hi to the guy next to you now."
A peck to the man's cheek she extended her hands toward his lusty neighbor, as if a child wanting her mother. He embraced her yearning reach and lured her into his lap. Once straddled she hopped up and down in his lap five times hard. No penis this time it was simply a ride-a-long.
"Rocky horse! Rocky horse!" She rambled as he watched her tits dance about. After another repeated kiss to this man's cheek, she departed. Two other laps merely sat on; she observed Clint's fraternity brothers jerking off. At this point Paige was hardly hidden. Touching her clit, she laid back on her horsey and sighed. "Can I see your dicks too?" She begged from her lap dance toward her seated leftovers. Two of four complied. The guy she sat on lifted her enough to unzip and pull his willy out. She sat back down once his erection popped up between her thighs. Peering down with amazement she stroked him as if she were a guy. Everyone chuckled under their breath. Too cute!
"I better go toward the back. Those guys haven't touched me yet." She softly exhaled, then kissed her ride goodbye. Like the Pied Piper she led her herd of rats toward her father. He and the few stragglers in back bulged their eyes at her approaching boldness. She skipped carefully and hopped into Lonnie's lap. Acting shocked he noticed Clint's group still jerking off, only a lot closer to their vicinity.
"Hi." She melded into Lonnie with her charm. The other men huffing at his newfound luck.
"Hey there, Beautiful. That was some show." Lonnie greeted her with a loving rub over her back.
"They all want to fuck me." She repeated to turn him on. She knew her father had a raging hard on beneath her ass cheeks. "Do you want to fuck me?" She teased his neckline with a pinky.
"Ummmm! I don't believe I could say no to you." Lon played along.
"Do you guys want to fuck me?" She stretched a bit to share eye contact with those still seated. Lonnie swallowed at their hunger. Her childlike voice exciting every damned one of them into at least rubbing their erections while still concealed. She curled up in Lonnie's lap and laid her head in the quick of his neck. Smiling she counted visible cocks. "16 dicks want me."
"I'm sure more than that." Lonnie shuddered at the thought, eying his seated passengers staring at her tits. Groaning was becoming noticeable. Guys were reaching their peaks. It was only a matter of time now. As the army of testosterone waged war on their frontline she waited until the beasts were dying inside. Sitting up she arches her back to grin like the devil. Before she could abandon her father, he forced her over his neighbor's lap and finger-fucked her while the other man held her head smothered into his inseam. Muffling her scream Miss Paige squirted all around her father's fingers. Once done he pulled her back into his lap by her hair. Panting heavily, she kissed Lonnie on the lips then eased away.
"I'm going to get on my knees and let them all cum on me." She fluttered her fingers. "You can join them if you want." In a swift retreat Paige escaped Lonnie's grasp. Eyes bulged wide as she dropped to the rubber runway, looking up at them in her amber rimmed glasses. A second to rethink this she removed her glasses and asked her daddy to hold them captive as planned.
Unable to contain their voices guys leaped in front of her four at a time jerking off until exploding over her face and shoulders with scalding white lava. Her eyelids spotted by droplets, she wipes them with her finger, licking cum off of her like sucking a straw. Four more jettisons covered her neck and chest.
Seeing this unfold without interference Lonnie snarled. "FUCK IT." Rising to the occasion he unzipped his pants and drags out his own beast. Joining the jerk fest as he watched five more coat her, Lon suddenly didn't care. His daughter was a slut. His slut. Not to be outdone, he waited until the last of Clint's boys painted her. Clint himself ready to finalize his commitment motioned her to turn around. In compliance she pivots in her awkward stance, looking back at him. He wanted to decorate her succulent heart shaped ass.
Realizing her dad was jacking off too, she grinned from ear to ear. Darting her gaze between Clint and Lonnie she wondered which would finish first. Dueling like a Western gunfight they jerked as the remainder of the crowd cloaked them. She marveled at the strain in their expressions.
"Feed me."
Without warning Clint rained down hard over her ass cheeks, droplets peppering up her spinal column. Kneeling, he stroked feverishly and shot one last magnificent load up close to her butt pucker, pooling it up for all to see. She shivered with delight.
Lonnie growled nearing his own detonation, reaching down grabbing her by her hair. Dragging her face abruptly under his beast, she stared up at him with her mouth wide. Eying her tongue wagging he smirked with mischief. Expressing a I'll brag about this later move he looked toward the groupies.
"This is how it's done."
Ramming his dick down Paige's throat he grabbed her head with both hands and face-fucked her hard. Her gurgling noises the loudest audibly heard since this whole show began. Face beet red under her daddy's assault she nearly vomited at his persistence. Breathless, she found a flood of cum engulfing her mouth. Froth poured all around her probing lips before Lonnie pulled his penis from her pucker. Slapping his wet beast over her face he nodded with pride.
"Who's your Daddy?" He chuckled! Too funny!
Showing off her mouthful to Clint she swallowed every drop. Why hadn't they done this to her they all thought while feeling left out. Zipping up Lonnie peered out the bus windows. He had lost track of time.
"SHIT! This is my stop." Grabbing Paige by her shoulders he pulled her to her feet, ignoring her stickiness as their accumulated bukkake dried upon her. "Where's her clothing?" Shoes found; shirt slipped over her head. Skirt? "What happened to her skirt?"
A mass search found it under a seat. She got lucky this time. Pulled up she was fully dressed and giddy. As the bus door opened Lonnie grabbed his duffle bag and barged past her lovers. Waving goodbye to everyone in passing, Paige blew kisses.
"I'M ON TENDER." She rebelliously called out. Moving past the final set of seats she stopped before her departure. Turning to the elderly bus driver she stared at him until he looked her over. While he absorbed her messy appearance she smiled at him warmly. Without any warning she leaned in closely and kissed him on the cheek. He could smell cum. The man was old, not stupid.
"Bye!" She softly pouted, then scurried down the steps to the curb. Lonnie had moved on ahead of her giving her space. As the driver shut the door she waved at her window greeters. All of them wore stunned expressions, concluding that she and Lonnie were together.
Turning her back to them, she skipped away, lifting her skirt up for a final farewell to her sexy ass. She had new sets of eyes all over her the second she hopped past people. Guys just had to admire a fine young thing. Paige Turner knew one thing; she needed another shower.
"Daddy, wait for me." She raced to catch up as he headed down the block. Medieval Times was still two more blocks away. Catching up to him she yanked the back of his shirt. "Are you mad at me, Daddy? Did I go too far?"
"You fucking tell me." He dragged her along hoping she didn't rip his shirt.
Racing in front of him she threw her entire body weight of all 110 pounds into stopping him. She nearly fell over her feet backwards in doing so. Teary eyed she managed to halt his advance. "Daddy! I'm so sorry. I just wanted to make them all want me."
"All? The entire fucking bus?"
"Yes." She pouted heavily.
"Well, you succeeded." He chuckled dropping his bag to yank her into a hug. Unsure what was happening she went with it. Holding him tightly she expelled a series of whimpers. As he stroked her hair, he discovered dampness even there. "You're a fucking mess. Do you plan on meeting this Todd guy looking like this?" He lifted her chin lovingly.
"I can wash up in the bathroom. I brought wet wipes, remember?"
"No. You know what? I think you should just spray on some perfume and go in wearing dried cum on you. Brush out your hair."
"Noooo! I want Todd to desire me. He might not if I look like I've..."
"Been unloaded on by 20 guys on a bus?"
"Yessss!" She couldn't resist giggling at his tone of voice. "That was so much fun. You're not really mad at me, are you?" She clung to him.
"A little. Pretty fucking hot though." He rolled his eyes shaking his head with a negative scowl.
"Daddy?" She squinted up at him.
"Yeah?"
"I'm really horny."
"Good. You can torture yourself while we're eating."
"Really?"
"I jest." He laughed! "Should have worn my Jester outfit."
"My medieval gown is nearly see-through." She teased!
"So, tease the Knights."
"You know I will." She continued to laugh.
"Come to think of it you didn't really get off on the bus, did you?"
"Nooo! Can I get off here at Medieval Times?"
"After you Princess." He released her to bow with a sway of his gentlemanly hand.
"Thank you, Sir Daddy."
Paige cleaned up her face at the very least. After all, a fair damsel needed to look her best.
She certainly did look a royal mess.