Chapter 12 - The Sanctuary
The girls followed as I made my way downstairs and through the kitchen, out the French doors, and around the pool to the large, detached structure I'd notice last night during our swim. I found the slider door unlocked and ushered the girls inside, closing and locking it behind us.
The spacious pool house comprised a single, large room that had been divided into smaller functional spaces. To the left, a small kitchenette with a round breakfast table and a bathroom. A large, u-shaped sectional and coffee table in the center of the room faced a paneled wall, above which hung a large flat screen television, and to the right of that sat a Peloton and treadmill, along with a small rack of dumbbells and a space for practicing yoga. A set of narrow stairs on the far wall led to an open loft that functioned as a sleeping area, complete with a bed and dresser.
"It's perfect," I said under my breath.
Even better than I'd hoped. I directed the girls to take a seat on the sectional while I closed the vertical blinds over the slider. Then I stood before them in front of the television.
"We can use this as our sanctuary," I said. "It's got everything we need and should hopefully give us some privacy. Plus, it's right next to the pool, so we can cool off in case things get a little too hot and sweaty in here."
"Oh, there's air conditioning in here. The thermostat's over there," Ashley said, pointing toward the kitchen. Courtney and Kayla giggled, and I gave Ashley a grateful nod.
"Awesome. Thank you. Now, before we begin, we need to go over a few things, okay? First thing's first. Clay can never, ever find out about this. He's wildly overprotective, apparently, and I don't want to have to deal with that shit, so can we all agree on that?"
"My mom would kill you too," Courtney said with a laugh, but I shot her a look and she quieted.
Ashley looked like she might be about to say something, but when I looked at her, she shook her head, so I let it go. They all voiced their agreement.
"Okay, good," I said. "Now look, you guys have asked me to do something that's incredibly intimate, so I need to make sure you're all comfortable with how this is going to work and that you're willing to do it. I'll go over everything with you now, but if, for whatever reason, you're not comfortable with something, then I don't think we're going to be able to do this. Do you understand?"
"What do you mean?" Ashley asked, concerned.
"What I mean is, all of this is conditional on your full participation. If you aren't willing to commit, then there's no point moving forward."
"Okay..." she said.
"Let me continue, and you'll see what I'm talking about. The very first thing is that you're going to need to be comfortable being naked in front of me and each other."
Brittney blanched and even the others looked a little uncomfortable. I held out my hand and continued. "Let's just get this out there. We're going to be having sex, and I don't want to have to do everything four times, so you're going to have to learn by watching each other. If any of you has an issue with nudity then there's really no point in discussing this further."
Brittney moved her head from side to side and crossed her arms over her stomach. I directed my next comment to her.
"I'd like you to trust me if you can. This is going to be a safe place and I won't allow any judgments or criticisms here. Also, if you recall, we were in the pool together last night and, for what it's worth, I think you look fantastic naked. So, do you think you might be able to trust me?"
Brittney thought a moment and nodded grudgingly.
"Good. Now there's a couple of other things I want you all to know. First, nothing will happen here without your explicit approval. You guys asked me to teach you about sex, so I'm going to have to touch you from time to time, especially on parts of your body that you consider private. I'll always ask you first, and if you don't feel comfortable then let me know. In fact, if anything I propose makes you uncomfortable, then speak up. And if, for any reason, you feel the need to leave, I want you to do so immediately and without hesitation."
"Um, should we be worried?" Courtney asked, half-joking.
"No, of course not. I just want you to understand that you're absolutely and totally in control of what happens from here on out. I'm only here to service you and to help you. Do you all agree?"
They considered my response and nodded their ascent.
"What's the second thing?" Ashley asked.
"The second thing is also the most important. Anything and everything we discuss or do here, no matter what it is, has to remain here between just us. At times, you might feel the desire to say something to me or open up about something, which is fine. That's a normal part of sex and intimacy. And it's also fine if you decide you want to keep it to yourself, but I don't want anyone to hesitate because they're worried that me or someone else is going to run off and say something to someone else.
"Thismustremain an extremely safe place. Absolutely inviolate. I cannot stress that enough. I have a fanatical devotion to discretion, okay? I never discuss anything with anyone. Ever. You'll come to learn that about me over time," I assured them, and Courtney flashed me a grateful smile. "All I ask is that you afford me and your friends the same respect.
"The most important thing to know is that there is only you and me here. This is your sanctuary - the temple where you will worship at the altar of sexual pleasure and gratification and learn to love everything about yourselves and your bodies. I'm simply your guide. Does that sound like something you'd all like for yourselves?"
They'd all been listening attentively. One by one, they nodded and said yes.
"Good. In that case, I want you all to please repeat the following: I'm comfortable being naked in front of you and recognize that it's a necessary part of this experience."
The girls looked at me funny. I beckoned with my hand, encouraging them to speak.
"What?" Kayla asked.
"I need to hear you say this or else we won't be able to continue. Now, please: I'm comfortable being naked in front of you and recognize that it's a necessary part of this experience."
After a moment's hesitation, they spoke in a discordant echo of voices to repeat what I'd said.
"Very good. And I will remain in complete and total control at all times and will never discuss anything that's done or said within this sanctuary."
When they'd repeated it, I nodded. "Wonderful. How do you guys feel?"
"Very, very nervous," Brittney admitted, and her friends laughed with her.
"I get it. I'm kind of nervous too," I admitted. "I've never done anything like this before."
"What happens now?" Kayla asked, echoing her question from the previous night.
"Whatever you want to happen. Or, if you prefer, I can take the lead. It's totally up to you."
"I wish I had more weed," Courtney mused, and the other girls nodded their agreement. Their anxiety was palpable.
"I'm pretty sure my mom's got some stashed in the den," Ashley offered. "I can go get it, if everybody wants some."
There was eager agreement that this was an excellent idea, and Ashley disappeared out the slider. While we waited, I kept the girls busy figuring out how to work the stereo so we could have some music playing to break up the awkward silences I anticipated would be plentiful.
Ashley returned a few minutes later, huffing and puffing, with a small, wooden box in her hand. She kneeled in front of the coffee table to open it. Inside were a glass pipe, a grinder, and a bag of marijuana.
"Score!" Courtney said.
The girls packed the pipe and then sat around the sectional to pass it around. I declined, still feeling the aftereffects of the previous night's coke binge. When the first bowl burned to ashes, they packed and smoked a second. The room reeked of skunky Kush, but the girls appeared much more relaxed.
"I know what I want," Courtney said when she'd finished tapping out the pipe, her words coming in a large billow of white smoke. "I want you to take off your clothes so we can see that big dick of yours."
She sank backwards into the plush cushions and lightly tapped her fingers on her exposed belly. The other girls voiced their approval and then all eyes were on me.
She hadn't been kidding. She really did become a lot more forward when she got high. I kicked off my shoes and pulled off my shirt. Then I unbuttoned my jeans and pulled them down, stepping out of them and kicking them to the side. I stood before them, completely naked.
Courtney's lips lifted into a smile, and she subconsciously opened and closed her legs. The other three quieted down as well, to stare at me with wide, curious eyes. I crossed my arms over my chest.
"You know what I want?" I asked, directing my question to Courtney.
"What's that?" she asked, smirking.
"To fuck your tight little pussy and make you cum." She gasped and watched my cock swell to its full size, lifting until it stood straight out. "Why don't you take your clothes off?"
She eyed me wolfishly, then glanced at her friends who'd been staring at my growing erection but now turned to look at her.
"If you want," I added.
I strode to the switch panel and turned off all the lights in the pool house. The room became dim, but not dark. Dappled sunlight still filtered through the small dormer windows in the ceiling, but the atmosphere had become far more intimate.
I resumed my place in front of the television, but Courtney still hadn't moved from her spot on the couch. The pot had made her a little bolder but hadn't completely knocked down her wall of inhibitions. Kissing a strange man and talking dirty was one thing but disrobing in front of your friends was something else entirely. Especially when you were the only one.
"Maybe we'll save that for later," I said, letting her off the hook for now, and her relieved face expressed her gratitude. Her reaction had given me an idea, though.
"I want to share a little bit of wisdom with you guys that I think will help a lot as you undertake this journey. Why don't you all get comfy. Go ahead. Lay back. Kick up your feet. Good."
I thought for a second about what I wanted to say, then cleared my throat to begin.
"Inhibitions are tough. They only exist in our minds, but their effects are as real as anything. They act as a check on our impulses. When they're keeping us alive, like our inhibition to get into a van with a murderous psychopath on a dark, deserted road, they're a good thing. But that's not how we usually experience inhibitions in our day to day lives.
"We all want certain things, but a lot of the time we're too afraid to pursue them because our inhibitions hold us back. And that sucks because all we have to do is recognize that what's holding us back isn't real, even if it feels real. It not some life-saving imperative that keeps us from going after the things we want most. More often than not, our inhibitions are just irrational fears that paralyze us and prevent us from realizing our dreams.
"I want us to play a game. It's a simple game, and the only way to lose is to not play. We're going to go around the room, and each of us is going to stand up and say what their least favorite part of their body is and why. Then the rest of us are going to tell you why you're wrong. I'll start."
I grabbed the small amount of flab around my lower stomach. "No matter how much I work out, no matter how strict my diet, I can never seem to get rid of this lower belly of mine. I can see my upper abs, but I don't think I'll ever have a six pack unless I literally starve myself. I hate the way it looks when I sit down and how it hangs over my waistband and when I look in the mirror and see it, it always makes me feel fat."
The girls sat silently for a while, then Brittney huffed.
"Are you kidding?" she asked, incredulous. She received murmurs of support and agreement from the others.
"What do you mean?" I asked, not understanding her irritation.
"Your stomach is flat! You're like, buff and shit!"
I pinched my belly and shook it at her. "What do you think this is? Muscle? No, it's fat. I'm telling you, it's there and it's real."
"You've got like, what? Maybe an inch or something? It's nothing!" Ashley said.
"You're not listening...," I began, but quickly became drowned out by overlapping objections.
"Dude, you're crazy!"
"There's nothing there! What are you talking about?"
"How can you be fat? You've got abs!"
"You're fucking hot!"
I held up my hands and calmed them down. Some of them had risen to their feet, so strenuous had their objections been, and I implored them all to sit back down. When everyone had settled, I continued.
"Okay, so you see how this works now, right? My fears, my inhibitions, my disgust about my stomach, are probably overblown. Like, maybe it's all in my head?"
The four girls looked at each other and realization settled in. They got it. I pointed at Ashley.
"Stand up, birthday girl, and tell us: what part of your body do you hate the most?"
Ashley looked around nervously and then stood, clasping her hands in front of herself. She wore a teal and red sun dress with a straight neckline that fell just above her knees.
"My butt, my hips, my thighs," she said plainly, as if it were obvious. She moved her hands around her pelvis. "Basically, everything right here."
"What don't you like about them?" I asked. "And remember, you can be honest. Nothing you say leaves this sanctuary and no one is going to judge or criticize you about anything."
She grimaced and nodded. "Everything. I hate everything about them. They're so big and wide and they obviously don't fit the rest of my body and I just hate them so much. I tried exercising, but it only made them bigger! And everybody's so mean to me about them. I get called so many names."
"Like what?" I asked.
"Oh, where do I even start? Fat Ass, Thunder thighs, Assy Bitchell, Thighrannosaurus Rex, Oompa Lumpa, Hufa. Huge ugly fat ass," she clarified when I cocked my head. "I just hate them! I wish I could cut them off!"
Fucking assholes. I held up my hands. "Okay, okay. We get it. Personally, I think you're crazy. I consider myself a bit of a connoisseur of butts, so trust me when I tell you that you have one of the most amazing asses I've ever seen, and I think your curves are ridiculously sexy. When I first saw you, I couldn't take my eyes off you, and when we were in the pool, kissing, I couldn't keep my hands off your butt."
Ashley's mouth opened and, as I continued to talk, it opened wider.
"I wanted to fuck you so badly last night, you don't even know, Ashley. I wanted to lift you up so you could wrap those delicious thighs you hate so much around my waist and then hold you by that ass you loathe and bounce you up and down on my cock. I think everything you hate about yourself is pretty much perfect."
My cock, which had begun to deflate, surged once again as I talked about what I wanted to do with her, and Ashley's eyes locked onto it. I pointed at Kayla.
"You're up, gorgeous."
Kayla waited for Ashley to gather herself together and sit back down before standing. She wore a pair of jean shorts and a graphic t-shirt with the Thundercats logo on it that looked like it had been cut for a child. She stuffed her hands into her pockets and lowered her head.
"Um, I don't know," she said with a shrug. "I guess my boobs?"
"What don't you like about them?" I prompted.
"That I don't really have any, I guess?" She seemed incredibly uncomfortable, as if trying to conceal something.
"Trust me girl, you've got adorable little tits. I've seen them. You're going to have to do better than that."
"Tell him," Courtney said with a giggle, nudging her in the butt with her foot.
"Stop! It's too embarrassing," Kayla said under her breath. She refused to look at me and seemed content to study the nap and weave of the room's grey carpet.
"It's fine," I said. "If she's not ready to talk about it yet, she doesn't have to. We can move on to someone else."
"Come on, Kiki," Courtney persisted, nudging her again.
"Don't pressure her, Courtney," I admonished, and she rolled her eyes at me. "I'm serious, don't do that. We're all pretty vulnerable, and we're all dealing with a lot of shit, okay? You don't need to bully her. Why don't you try being her friend instead?"
The room grew quiet, except for the music that we'd thankfully put on. Courtney cast her eyes down and nodded.
"Yeah, you're right. I'm sorry, Kiki," she said, and Kayla acknowledged her apology with a half-hearted smile.
"You can sit down, Kayla," I said. "Brittney, you're up."
Brittney began to stand, but Kayla gestured for her to stop.
"Wait, I'll go," she said, and Brittney settled back into her seat. "It's this," Kayla said, pointing to her stomach. No, not her stomach. Just below, between her belly and her crotch.
"What don't you like about it?" I asked, unclear about what she referred to, but treading carefully, nonetheless.
"That it's gross," she said, without further elaboration.
"I'm sorry, but I'm not sure I know what you're talking about," I admitted, trying to coax more out of her.
Kayla looked at me and I gave her an encouraging smile. Then she sighed and unbuttoned her shorts. She pulled them down to mid-thigh and pointed at her panties, in the vicinity of her mons. "This."
I still had no clue what she was talking about. Her mons seemed a little meatier than normal, and a number of long, black pubic hairs peeked from the sides of her panties, but I still didn't see anything wrong. She read my confused expression and let out an exasperated sigh, annoyed by my stubborn obtuseness.
"Are you blind? My fucking fupa!"
I twisted my mouth, embarrassed. "I'm sorry, Kayla. I'm not seeing it."
She huffed and moved closer until she stood right in front of me. "Now do you see?"
"Maybe it would help if you took off your shorts," I suggested, and she looked at me like I'd grown a second head. "It's alright. Trust me."
Kayla eyed me skeptically but pulled her shorts all the way to the floor and stepped out of them.
"Stand with your feet apart," I instructed, and she did as I asked. I moved my hand near her crotch and paused.
"May I?"
She looked at where my hand hovered and nodded, almost imperceptibly. I waited until she looked at me again, and I lifted my eyebrows.
"Okay," she said softly.
I pressed my fingertips against her mons and slid them down, hooking underneath her crotch. I felt her plump vulva through the soft cotton of her panties and the heat that radiated from between her legs. I also felt a wetness. Kayla's breath caught in her throat, and she closed her eyes.
I massaged her pussy through her panties, keeping my fingers firm but my touch light. The springy softness of her pubic hair against my palm told me that she had a substantial, untrimmed bush under there. My fingers found their way to the top of her slit where I located her clitoral hood and the small, stiff nodule that hid beneath. I pressed against it and gently rolled my fingers over it and Kayla breathed out deeply. Not quite a moan, but a low, subvocal exhalation.
I studied the expressions on Kayla's face, adjusting the speed and pressure of my movements based on what I saw. Her mouth and eyebrows worked together to expressively convey how she felt and what she wanted.
"I still can't tell," I said softly as my fingers drifted back and forth over her sensitive clit. "Take your panties off, Kayla."
Without opening her eyes, Kayla gripped the hem of her panties and pulled them down, kicking them aside and standing with her legs apart. It was as I expected. She had a thick nest of dark, curly pubic hairs covering her entire vulva and trailing down into the folds of her crotch. I put my hand back on her pussy and my cock twinged at what I felt.
Not just wet. Gushing. I couldn't believe how aroused she'd become. I pressed my fingers against her labia and massaged them using wide circles, then dragged a finger through her slick folds, furrowing between them, seeking the shallow depression at the bottom of her pussy. She was so lubricated with vaginal secretions that my finger slipped into her vaginal well and sank easily inside of her.
Kayla's hand came up to grope for my cock, taking it into her petite hand to stroke it. In no time, my cock swelled until it stood fully engorged and throbbing. She opened her eyes to look at me and I cupped her face in my hand and leaned over to kiss her. As our lips touched, I slipped a second finger inside of her and used them to slowly fuck her. I heard her wetness each time my fingers withdrew.
Kayla groaned and whined and attacked my lips with hers. Our tongues sought out each other, but she was more restrained than Brittney had been. The interplay of her lips and tongue more adept and certain. Her hand, too, moved with surprising alacrity. She didn't tug or squeeze. Instead, she took me into a gentle underhand grip and moved her hand back and forth along the entire length of my shaft, twisting her wrist when she reached the tip.
It was my turn to moan, so remarkable was the sensation. I moved my hand from her face to her neck, my thumb resting on her jaw as she moved her mouth against mine. My fingers found her erogenous spot on the front wall of her vagina, and I rolled over it, pressing and lapping my fingers against it.
Kayla braced herself on my chest and bent her knees and hunched down, moving her hips synchronously with my fingers. Her hand moved more swiftly over my cock. She concentrated her efforts near the head, gliding over my frenulum, her fingertips brushing against the sensitive ridged head. The feeling was euphoric, and I pulled my fingers from her pussy to focus on her clit.
Our hands moved swiftly, our directives clear. We wanted to get each other off. Her clit was incredibly sensitive, and her legs twitched when I stimulated it directly, so I sandwiched it between two of my fingers and rubbed up and down along the sides of it instead. This seemed to elicit a less acute but still pleasurable reaction from her, and she moaned to let me know she approved.
From there, it didn't take long before her breathing shallowed into short, panting breaths. She lifted herself up onto her toes and moved her hips back and forth against my hand. Her lips became firmer, her kissing more forceful. Her hand moved faster over my cock, racing to bring me along with her, but she was too far ahead. She tensed and let out a series of rapid, high-pitched squeaks, like she'd stubbed her toe or gotten a cramp.
I didn't think she could get any wetter, but a sudden rush of liquid soaked my fingers. She pushed her hips toward me, forcing herself into my hand. I placed my entire palm over her pussy and cupped it, pressing firmly without directly stimulating her. I simply held her as she glided down from her climax. I broke our kiss and let her go, before removing my hand from her crotch.
My hand was soaked. I held it up and my fingertips were pruned. I wiped it on my chest and smiled at her. She still held my cock in her hand, but she'd stopped jacking me off. Kayla's face was flushed, and her pupils dilated. She slowed her breathing and looked at me with a face full of wonder.
"Nope. I honestly don't see anything wrong here," I said at last, breaking the moment.
Kayla looked down and then behind herself, to where her three friends sat, having watched her get finger fucked in front of their eyes. Panic flashed across her face, but I reached for her and leaned in for another kiss. She reciprocated, tentatively at first, then more fully. I move my lips to her ear and whispered.
"Keep them off. That way, I'll be able to see your wet little pussy when I'm looking at you."
I pulled my head back and let go of her hand. She glanced at her shorts and panties and regarded them for a moment, then turned without picking them up to return to her spot on the couch, naked from the waist down. The others watched her with a mix of awe and envy, and their reactions seemed to buoy Kayla's confidence. She alighted onto the couch like a bird, with her feet on the floor and her hands wedged firmly between her knees, rocking back and forth gleefully with a contented smile on her lips.
Chapter 13 - Jack and Jilling
I collected myself and gestured to Brittney. "You're up, hot stuff."
She tore her eyes from Kayla and then stood with somewhat less certainty than she had the first time I'd called on her. Her eyes drifted to my cock, and I looked down to see a string of precum dangling from the tip. I looked up again and our eyes met.
"Precum," I said, answering her unspoken question. "When I get really turned on or stimulated, it starts to leak out. Sometimes, a lot. It's like when you're pussy gets wet when you're thinking about sex."
Brittney gawked at me with an astonished look on her flushed face. Her chest had similarly reddened, and her lips were the color of ripened strawberries. She was incredibly turned on. When she realized that everyone was waiting for her to speak, she cleared her throat.
"I, um...I don't really like anything about myself," she said at last, casting her eyes to the side. Eventually, they drifted back in my direction, and I could tell she was looking at my dick again.
"What do you dislike the most? More than anything else?" I asked. Her eyes lifted and she shrugged her broad shoulders. "There must be something."
"I'm too big," she answered, her face reddening even more.
"And why does that bother you?"
"Because I'm huge. I'm bigger than all the boys in my class, except a couple of the football players. I mean, I'm even bigger than you! And everyone thinks I'm a lesbian because of it. I get called a dyke or a huge bitch and people make stomping noises whenever I walk by. I'm just a big, tall, fat, ugly girl," she said bitterly. Then she looked away again, trying to hide her face and the tears that brimmed in her eyes.
Fucking fuck these fucking asshole pieces of shit! Was that the legacy that Clay and Erin and their friends had left behind? A gladiator school, where the strong picked on the weak and you found pleasure in tormenting teenaged girls? I imagined slowly peeling back a finger and hearing the bone snap.
"Dude, are you okay?" Courtney asked.
I flicked my eyes to hers and saw the concerned look on her face. I hadn't realized that I'd balled my hand into a fist and clenched my jaw into a grim visage. I relaxed and took a deep breath, affecting a serene smile. I even managed a small laugh.
"Yeah, I'm fine. I was just thinking about my kiss with Brittney in the pool."
"Really? Because you looked fucking pissed," Courtney said, unconvinced.
"I feel things very intensely," I said by way of a lame excuse, then addressed Brittney. "Okay, so you're tall. But the way you're put together and your proportions are just right. Don't forget, I've seen you naked. I know what you look like under that baggy hoodie and those sweat shorts. You're the one who made my cock hard, remember?"
At the mention of it, Brittney lowered her eyes again. I had started to soften but remained mostly erect. She nodded dumbly.
"A lot of guys prefer tall girls and, personally, I love them. Especially ones with curves like yours. You've got everything you need to be one of the hottest girls in your school. I'm not joking about that, Brittney. You've got the face, the hair, and the body. You just need the confidence to tie it all together."
Brittney looked at me and smiled weakly, appreciative of the effort, but she remained unconvinced. I don't know if it was because I'd said something upsetting, or if my angry scowl beforehand had spoiled it for her. I wouldn't dwell on it, though. A plan for Brittney formed in my mind. One that would convince her once and for all that I'd spoken the truth.
"Courtney, you're up."
Brittney slumped down onto the couch and Courtney popped to her feet. She seemed to have become invigorated by my little show with Kayla, and she smiled mischievously.
"Well, if you'd asked me this question yesterday, I would have given a totally different answer. But that's kind of changed now, so I'd have to say my acne. I fucking hate it. It's all over me. On my face, my shoulders, my chest, my back, my butt. Ugh! I keep hoping it'll go away on its own, but it just seems to get worse every year. I know I should probably be taking Acutane for it or some shit like that, but it's so expensive and I don't want to have to live inside all the time like a hermit, so..." She shrugged her shoulder. "Yeah. That."
I'd already had a discussion with her about that topic, but for the sake of the others, I repeated most of it again. Plus, she already knew how attracted to her I was despite it. I also pointed out that it was likely a transitory issue, but even if it wasn't, it was certainly treatable.
"Plus, I hear cum is good for your skin. Not sure if that's true or not, so maybe that's something we can test out," I said.
Courtney smirked. "Hm, maybe," she said before sitting back down.
"Okay, so, inhibitions," I said, launching right back into my discourse. "Another type of inhibition that controls our lives and is definitelynota survival instinct is shame. Shame is something we totally made up as a way to control people's thoughts and actions by setting up arbitrary rules. And it's always socially enforced too. You know, the pack attacking anyone who strays too far from what's considered acceptable, and it's total bullshit."
Kayla leaned back into the sofa cushions and spread her legs a bit. The wetness of her pussy glistened beneath her thick, dark bush and I felt a twinge in my cock.
"Being free from shame is hard, though, because it means not giving a fuck about what other people think about you. And that can be lonely sometimes, especially if you prefer spending your time hanging out with a bunch of prudes who want to police your behavior and gatekeep your life. Personally, I prefer to spend my time with the freaks on the fringe. They're a lot more fun, they don't treat you like shit, and you get to have a lot of hot, sweaty, guilt-free sex."
This comment elicited smiles from the girls, especially Courtney and Kayla.
"Kind of similar to shame is taboo. They're like the yin and yang of inhibition. You can think of a taboo as the rule, and shame as the tool of control and punishment. Now, taboos are also made up, but not all of them are bullshit. In fact, some of them I happen to agree with. You know, like not eating people and things like that. But most taboos are total bullshit too."
"One taboo, in particular, that really pisses me off and, quite frankly, makes absolutely no fucking sense to me at all, is society's crusade against masturbation."
At the mention of the word, I noticed several changes of expression and uncomfortable shifts in posture.
"I see you've heard about it," I joked. "First thing to know: everybody masturbates. Everybody. Everyone in this room has probably masturbated in the past couple days, maybe in the past twenty four hours. I did, just before I came to the party. So, the question isn't whether or not you masturbate, because you absolutely do. The only question is,how often?
"But there's a bit of corollary taboo in there too, because if masturbating is bad, then masturbating a lot must be worse, right? Or so they'd have you believe. But the fact is, how much you masturbate depends almost entirely on your sex drive.
"Some people have a really high sex drive and need to masturbate or have sex more often, and some people have a low sex drive and need it less. It's all biological and has nothing to do with morality. It's just another stupid fucking rule to control your life and make you feel ashamed for engaging in perfectly normal behavior.
"Just like before, we're going to go around, and everyone is going to say how often they masturbate. I'll go first. I have a really high sex drive so, for me, it's usually a couple times a day, but sometimes more if I'm really fucking horny." I pointed at Ashley. "What about you?"
She looked nervously at her friends and hesitated to answer. I held up my hand and nodded.
"Yeah, I get it. Those inhibitions run deep and they're really fucking strong. I totally understand. But we just established that everyone in this room masturbates, okay? Ashley, I know for a fact you masturbate. Courtney? She masturbates. Kayla masturbates. Brittney masturbates. I masturbate. We all do it. So, it makes no sense to feel embarrassed about something you, and literally everyone else around you, does." I pointed at her again. "Quick, yes or no. Don't think about it. Do you masturbate?"
"Yes," she said, quicker than even she expected.
I pointed at Courtney next. "Yes." Kayla. "Yeah." Brittney. "Yes."
I swung my finger back to Ashley. "Once a day. More, less, or the same?"
"More. No, less. Wait, the same," she finally chose.
Courtney. "Less."
Kayla. "More."
Brittney. "Same."
"Okay, so Kayla, you're like me. We're both high libido. You said more. How many times a day would you say? Twice? Three times?"
"Three or four. Sometimes more."
Wow.
"Ah, so you might be what's known as hypersexual," I said, and Kayla's eyebrows knotted together. "You ever hear the term 'nymphomaniac' before? Same thing. I'm borderline myself. Let me guess. You probably live in a state of near constant arousal, am I right? Even if it's just low level?"
Kayla thought for a moment and nodded. Then she spread her legs a little wider, and I could see a large wet spot had formed on the cushions of the sofa. My cock throbbed at the evidence of her arousal.
"Okay, good. Courtney, you said less. Would you say once every couple days? Once a week? Less?"
"Maybe a couple times a week. It depends. Sometimes it's more if I'm in a certain mood or depending on my cycle."
"Makes sense." I pointed at Ashley again. "Fingers, vibrator, or dildo?" When she hesitated to answer, I added, "Don't think about it, just answer. Fingers, vibrator, or dildo?" I already knew the answer, and she knew I knew, but I wanted her to say it out loud so the shame of it wouldn't have any hold on her.
"Vibrator," she blurted, and then added, "And fingers."
I nodded and pointed at Courtney. "Fingers."
"All," Kayla said, "but mostly dildo and vibrator."
"Fingers," Brittney said. "But I'd like to try a vibrator sometime."
"Don't worry, you will. You're all going to try all of them. In fact..." I looked at Ashley. "Can she borrow yours?"
Ashley reddened and made a face that said she thought the idea was gross.
"What's wrong?" I asked. "You just said you use a vibrator, so you must have one." Hidden in your dresser where you thought Erin didn't know about it.
"I don't know. It just seems kind of..."
"Kind of what?"
Ashley looked at Brittney, who blushed so much her face turned red. "Wouldn't it be weird?"
"Yeah. Super weird," Brittney agreed.
"Only because you guys are making it that way," I said, and they looked at me like I'd hurled an insult at them which, in a backhanded sort of way, I guess I had. "If I had a fever, and you had a thermometer, would you think it was weird if I asked to use it?"
Ashley thought about it a second and said no. Brittney was forced to agree.
"What's the difference? You clean your thermometer after you use it, right? Nobody ever has any qualms about using someone else's thermometer, even if it was up someone's ass at some point. What's so special about a vibrator? It's a plastic tool. You see what I'm getting at here?"
"I guess so," Ashley said.
"So, can she borrow your vibrator?"
"I guess..."
"Awesome. If you wouldn't mind, would you please go get it?"
"Now?"
"If it's not too much trouble. You know where it is, right?" You know, in your dresser.
"Yeah."
"Okay. Thank you."
She sat perched on the sofa, waiting for me to say more. When I didn't, she got up and left the pool house again.
"So, while she's gone, is anyone ready to get naked with me yet?"
The three girls looked among themselves, then Kayla leaned forward to pull off her shirt. Her bra quickly followed. She leaned back into the cushions, completely nude.
Courtney looked from Kayla to me and noticed my erection growing again. I locked eyes with her, and she stood up.
She lifted her shirt over her head. Underneath, she wore the same camisole tank top she'd worn to bed last night. She gripped the hem and hesitated a beat before lifting it over her head. Her shorts went next, then she peeled off her panties and plopped back down onto the couch.
Brittney looked at her two naked friends with a distraught and conflicted expression. I could tell she didn't want to be the odd girl out again, which I guessed was a familiar role for her. Always hovering in the background. The last girl in the pool.
I stepped closer, and her head popped up, an alarmed look on her face. I smiled genially and kept a small distance between us.
"Would you like me to undress you? Could be hot."
Brittney's lifted her eyes until they formed small, white crescents below her pupils. She swallowed hard, and I saw the battle waging behind her eyes. She vacillated between denial of her urges and capitulation to them, and when she lowered them again, I knew which side had won, even before she slowly shook her head.
"You're so much hotter than you know, Brittney," I said, but I left it at that. I wouldn't pressure her. Capitulation to her desires needed to be of her own accord, or the inhibitions that governed so much of her life would never be conquered.
I turned my attention back to the other two by sitting on the edge of the coffee table between them.
"Hi," I said with a smile.
Kayla smiled back. "Hi."
"Hello," Courtney replied.
"You both look amazing."
"Thanks. So do you," Courtney said.
"Do you want to do something with me?"
Courtney grinned. "Sure."
"What about you?" I asked Kayla.
"Okay," she said quietly.
"Okay. I want the two of you to lean back and put your feet up onto the couch, okay? Pull them as far back as you can and keep your legs together. That's it, just like that. Now, drop your knees all the way down. That's perfect. I want to be able to see your pussies while I masturbate."
I stood up and gripped my cock and stroked it. "Oh my god, look at you. You both look so fucking hot."
They watched my hand slowly move over my thick shaft. Courtney brushed her fingertip against her lips and bit down on it, but Kayla wasted no time and dropped her hand between her legs to rub her pussy. I favored Kayla with an approving smile and Courtney glanced over, then dropped her other hand to her pussy to masturbate as well.
"When Ashley gets back, I don't want you to stop, okay? Just keep going."
"Okay," Courtney said in a hushed tone. Kayla didn't respond, but I guessed that she wasn't about to let anything interrupt her, regardless.
Brittney sat stiffly, watching us, her hands resting in her lap. Her eyes darted away when she noticed me looking at her. I chuckled softly.
"Brittney, it's okay to look. That's what you're supposed to do. That's why you wanted to be here, remember? For this." I motioned to the corner of the sectional. "Why don't you lay back over there, okay? Just lay back and get comfortable."
She looked over her shoulder to where I pointed and then scooted her butt back until she'd nestled into the deepest corner of the sectional.
"Close your eyes and take a deep breath. Don't worry, you're safe. Just close your eyes. Okay, now take a deep breath and hold it. Good. Now breathe out slowly from your mouth. Perfect. Breathe in. Breathe out."
Despite the deep breathing, she still appeared uneased.
"I want you to relax. Just go limp. Untense all your muscles. That's right. Relax your shoulders. Relax your face. Just let your hands rest at your sides. That's good. Okay, slowly open your eyes." When she did, I stood directly in her sightline.
"I want you to watch me, okay? Watch my hand. Look at the way it's moving right now. Slowly stroking my cock. You can tell by my face that it feels really good. What do you think about when you masturbate, Brittney?"
She lifted her eyes to mine but didn't answer. Slowly, they drifted back down to watch me jack off.
"You don't have to tell me. I just want you to think about it. Think about the last time you masturbated. You were rubbing your pussy. Your fingers stimulating your clit. I bet you have a gorgeous pussy, Brittney. I'd love to see it. I'd love to be looking at it right now while I stoke my cock."
The slider opened and shut behind me. Brittney's eyes swung to the door, but she didn't move.
"Lock the door, Ashley," I said, without turning around. When I heard the latch click, I motioned to an area at my side. "Thank you for doing that. Come stand over here, please."
She slowly came around to stand next to me. I briefly checked in on Kayla and Courtney. They still rubbed themselves, apparently undeterred by her arrival.
"Did you get it?" I asked, and Ashley held out the vibrator to me. It was small, blue, and bullet shaped. As simple as they come. "Would you please hand it to her?"
She reached down to hand it to Brittney, who took it but seemed unsure about what to do with it.
"Twist the base," I said.
She did, and it vibrated, the low hum just barely audible. She stared at it, transfixed.
"Just hold it against your clit," I explained. "You don't even need to take your shorts off. You can do it over the top if you want. Go ahead, try it." Brittney hesitated, but I nodded reassuringly. "It's okay. You'll enjoy it."
Still hesitant, she lowered the small, domed cylinder to her crotch and pressed it where her clit would be. After a few seconds, her eyebrows lifted and her mouth slowly opened.
"Ashley?" I said.
Between her three masturbating friends and the motion of my hand on my cock, Ashley wasn't sure where to look. At the mention of her name, she turned her head.
"Come here, please," I said, holding out my arm.
She moved closer and I put my arm around her waist and leaned in to kiss her. When our lips touched, she closed her eyes and sighed. Her hand went to the back of my neck, her arm around my waist, and her body against my body. Her tongue slid into my open mouth, seeking mine, and she made a soft, contented sound when I moved my hand lower and gripped one of her large butt cheeks to pull her tightly against me.
Her lips moved hungrily over mine and our tongues slipped and swirled around each other's. The skirt of her dress flowed around my hand as I pumped it back and forth over my cock, and the feeling was electric. I kissed my way down her face to her chin, then along her delicate jawline to her slender neck. I pulled my head back to look at her. Her face was serene. She slowly opened her eyes.
"Take off your dress," I said quietly.
She gazed into my eyes and then stepped back and lifted her dress over her head, letting it drop to the floor. Her eyes moved over my body, pausing briefly to watch me masturbate. Her breathing shallowed. She reached back to unhook her bra and then bent at the waist to pull her panties down.
She came forward again to press her naked body against mine. Her hands explored my torso, running over my back, my chest, my shoulders, and my arms. I put my arm around her and kissed her neck and shoulder, my hand finding its way to her inviting ass once again. She reached down and wrapped her fingers around the base of my shaft.
"Let me do it," she said, but I smiled and shook my head.
"No. I want to watch you play with yourself. Sit down over there, okay?"
Disappointment flashed across her face, but she reluctantly took her hand off my cock and sat on the sofa. She drew up her knee and spread her legs and I smiled when I saw what was between them. Her pussy was small and delicate, her vagina and tender pussy lips completely hidden within the folds of her plump outer labia. She was mostly shaved, save for a tuft of pubic hair that topped her mons.
She kept her eyes on me and put her hand between her legs, delicately stroking herself with her fingertips before spreading herself to find her clit and slowly massage it. Then she leaned her head back and closed her eyes. She lifted her other hand to cup one of her small breasts.
"You are so sexy, Ashley. You're going to make me cum, do you know that?"
She responded by squeezing her breast and moving her fingers over her clit even faster.
For several minutes we pleasured ourselves in silence, save for the music drifting from the sound system, our heavy breathing, and the soft buzz of the vibrator. They all had their eyes closed, and I wondered what they were thinking and feeling and imagining as their fingers moved over their pussies. It probably wasn't much different than the sensual thoughts running through my own mind.
As I watched them, observing their movements, their facial expressions, their posture, and the abundance of young, female flesh laid out before me, I imagined pleasing them, moving with them, satisfying their lusts and desires. I wanted to be with them, penetrating them with my cock, thrusting inside of them, filling them with my cum.
Kayla was the first to bring herself to an orgasm. She hunched her body over and squeaked again, as she had before. Courtney followed quickly, and her orgasm was far more powerful, seizing her entire body and causing her to cry out. Ashley diligently worked her fingers over her clit, squeezing her breast and pinching her nipple at the same time. Brittney, meanwhile, had slid down into a reclined position and drawn her knees up, moving her pelvis against the formidable buzzing of the vibrator.
My own orgasm built quickly, and I wondered if I would outlast them both, but I only managed to outlast Ashley, who brought herself to a shuddering climax a few minutes later. I stepped forward and crawled onto the sectional to kneel between Brittney's legs. Her eyes opened and she looked at my cock as my hand moved swiftly over it, inches from her pussy. Her breathing accelerated and she bucked her hips with more urgency. I groaned, feeling my climax surge, and the primal sound seemed to drive her even more.
"I'm going to cum, Brittney. Oh fuck, I'm going to cum. I want you to watch, okay? I want you to watch me cum."
I moved even closer, pressing my knees into the backs of her thighs, then pushed against her knee with my hand to spread her legs as wide as they'd go. My orgasm was imminent. I leaned forward, my cock so close to the vibrator that I felt it humming. Then I came, and a thick jet of warm cum ejaculated onto her crotch and hand. Another smaller squirt coated her fingertips and the small vibrator between them. As I milked the last of the cum from my cock, Brittney whimpered.
"Oh, oh, oh god!" she cried. She squeezed her legs against my hips and tensed her body, gasping and balling her hand into a fist as her orgasm rolled over her. The vibrator slipped from her grasp and tumbled between her legs to nestle between her butt and my knee. When I picked it up to turn it off, my fingers came away coated in cum.
I crawled off the sofa and stood tall, inhaling a deep breath. No one spoke. We all felt something similar. That post-climax high that's often so reflective, but which each of us experienced in our own, unique way. For myself, a calm clarity and sense of euphoria swept over me, and I felt pleasantly uplifted.
I drifted to the kitchenette to find something to drink. The fridge held several light beers inside, so I grabbed one and cracked it open, hanging onto the open door and chugging it down like I'd just walked out of the desert.
Courtney appeared at my side. She reached into the fridge to get one for herself and carried it back to the sectional. I watched her go and admired the way her large, shapely bottom jiggled as she walked away from me.
"Are you looking at my ass?"
"No."
"Liar."
Chapter 14 - Chains of Despair
Feeling satisfyingly refreshed and hydrated, I closed the fridge and went to my backpack to check my phone. The girls reclined on the sectional, absently watching me. No one appeared in a rush to do much of anything.
It was just after two in the afternoon. Thoughts of leaving crowded into my otherwise tranquil mind. I didn't want to stay too long and risk crossing paths with Clay again. Plus, Erin was out there somewhere, lurking about, no doubt waiting for me to emerge so she could extract her twisted toll. But when I considered the four naked girls relaxing languidly on the sectional in a stupor of post-orgasmic bliss, I began to bargain with myself.
Come on, you don't need to leave right this minute. Not yet. It's fine. It's still early. You've got plenty of time.
Aw, hell, who was I kidding? In truth, I didn'twantto leave, and I damn well knew I wouldn't. Not until I absolutely had to.
Stop lying to yourself, chump.
I tossed the phone back inside the backpack and stood up. Some of the girls began to rise as well, stretching and gathering up their clothes. Ashley separated her underwear and turned her panties right side out, preparing to put them back on. Courtney and Kayla appeared ready to do the same.
"Do you guys want to be done for the day?" I asked, trying to hide my disappointment.
Ashley paused. "No. Why? Do you?"
"No, not at all. But you're all getting dressed, so I just kind of assumed."
Ashley looked at the panties in her hand and then at her friends. "No, I don't want to be done. Do we still need to be naked?"
I laughed and shook my head. "I guess not, but it's kind of hard to have sex with your clothes on."
Kayla made a thoughtful expression and then chucked her clothes near my backpack. "I'm not done yet," she said, dropping back onto the sofa.
Ashley and Courtney exchanged a look, and they both set their clothes on the coffee table and sat back down as well. I moved to my spot in front of the television and put my hands on my hips, tapping my fingers on my hipbones.
"How is everyone feeling?"
They appeared subdued, and a little more pensive than I would have expected. I saw a few half-hearted smiles and a couple of head nods. Ashley raised her hand.
"You're not at school. You don't need to raise your hand," I said, and she lowered it. "What's on your mind?"
She appeared unsettled. After a moment, she said, "Hmm, I'm not sure what I wanted to say," but I could tell something gnawed at her.
"This is your sanctuary. You're safe in here. Just say what's on your mind."
She hunched forward, fingers clasped together between her knees. "I guess I just wanted to know why we did that?"
"Did what? Masturbated?"
She hesitated, then nodded and looked down. Was she upset about it? I looked at the faces of the other three girls and observed a similar lack of understanding. Not quite the unease that Ashley had expressed. More of a pronounced uncertainty.
I reflected that Ashley had walked in on us unprepared, and that I'd thrust her into the middle of it all without any preparation or explanation whatsoever. I hadn't given her a chance to fully comprehend what we were doing and why. I reminded myself that, for all intents and purposes, she lacked any experience whatsoever, and part of Ashley's personality was to be a people pleaser, which meant she often did things she might not otherwise do.
I needed to do better.
"That's actually a really important question and I'm glad you asked it."
I mulled over my response. When I'd gathered my thoughts, I paced back and forth in front of them, but directed most of my commentary to Ashley.
"We're trying to do a lot of things today, so let's break it down. You want to learn how to be sexy, or 'less repulsive to males' as you so eloquently put it. You want to be able to get a boyfriend. You want to learn about sex and seduction, and you also want to practice having sex. Multiply all of that by four and it's a lot of stuff to try to get done."
"Problem is, we don't have much time. It's Sunday afternoon. You all have school tomorrow and I've got my own responsibilities, so this needs to be something of a crash course if we're going to get it all done in time."
Courtney interrupted. "We don't have school tomorrow."
"I thought all of you were in high school?"
"We are, but it's Spring break. We're off this week."
I mulled that over. "Well, regardless, I'm sure you have other plans."
"I don't," Kayla said.
"Me neither," said Brittney.
None of them did, apparently. I shook my head. "Whatever. It doesn't matter. At some point, you're dad's coming home, Ashley, and I can't be here when he does. So, we really only have today, and-"
"Why can't you come back tomorrow?" she asked, and the other three voiced support for that obvious and simple solution.
"Because I've got...shit to do," I said lamely, but I didn't. Not really. I worked as a consultant. I made my own schedule, and I didn't have any deadlines this week that I couldn't push back.
I looked at their faces and sighed. I already knew I'd be back. How could I stay away?
"Or we could come to your place," Courtney suggested. "Ash and Brit both have cars."
I wasn't sure that was such a good idea. I decided to punt on it for the moment. "Alright, look. Imightbe able to make time for you guys this week, but I'm not making any promises, okay? For now, let's just assume that this is all the time we've got, and we'll play it by ear from here. Okay?"
It hadn't exactly been what they'd asked for or wanted, but it seemed agreeable enough for now.
"Fine. Now, getting back to your question, Ashley. There's a chain of despair that starts with inhibition and leads directly to why you're not able to find a boyfriend. I know that sounds weird but hang with me for a minute and it'll all make sense."
"It always starts the same. With the source of your inhibitions: taboos and shame. Those inhibitions make you fearful, uncertain, self-doubting, and self-conscious. As a result, you take fewer risks. You turn inward. You become shy, timid, introverted, and insular. Self-loathing settles in. You start hating yourself for being weak. You're not good enough. You second-guess every choice you make. You become paralyzed by worry and anxiety and doubt.
"Up to this point, everything's been in your mind. A struggle between your head and your heart. But then things start to manifest in the people around you. They sense your weakness, and now you've become a target. People start taking advantage of you, ridiculing you, tormenting you. And all along, you're thinking to yourself: maybe I deserve this. Maybe this is all there is.
"And that's when the despair sets in..." I paused for dramatic effect. "Does any of this sound familiar?"
The four girls sat stone-still, grim expressions on their faces. I'd stunned them into silence, apparently. Finally, Brittney spoke up.
"You literally just described my entire existence," she said, and I could tell by the way the others expressed agreement that she'd spoken for all of them.
I nodded. "Inhibitions can cripple your prospects and destroy your life but conquering them has the potential to set you free to live your best possible life and reach your fullest potential." Okay, maybe that was a little hyperbolic, but it made my point. I raised my hand. "Show of hands. Who here wants to conquer her fears and inhibitions?"
Four hands shot into the air.
"One of the greatest fears of all is putting yourself out there to be judged and criticized by others. So, to answer your question, Ashley. The reason we all sat here and masturbated in front of each other was because it accomplished several things all at once. It made us feel less insecure about our bodies; it opened us up to our sexuality; it brought us together by allowing us to be vulnerable and share an intimate moment that showed we're not so different in our desire to feel pleasure; and, not to put too fine a point on it, it feels really fucking good to get off."
That last comment broke some of the tension, and they rumbled with agreeable laughter. I waited for them to settle before finishing.
"My goal, my intention here, is to create a safe and sexually charged atmosphere where you can explore and experience your deepest desires. I want you to be able to sense a palpable sexual tension permeating the room at all times."
"The Force," Ashley breathed excitedly.
"That's right. I want you to feel that you can act out on your sexual impulses at any time, without restraint and without hesitation. That's why I'm here. There should be nothing holding you back. If you want something from me, no matter what it is, simply ask for it and you'll get it. As far as I'm concerned, nothing is off the table, okay? Whatever it is that you want to do with me is fine. Go wild."
As I spoke, their eyes slowly drifted downward. My cock swelled until I'd become fully erect again. I took a deep breath and smiled.
"So, what would you girls like to learn about next?"
Chapter 15 - A Lesson in Confidence
The four teens huddled together and conferred among themselves, occasionally glancing my way, before coming to an accord. They redistributed themselves onto the sectional and Courtney, as usual, spoke for the tribe.
"We want to know: what's the best way to get a guy's attention?"
I lifted my eyebrows and scratched my chin. Not exactly what I'd expected. "I don't know," I admitted after a moment's thought. "It depends. Every guy's different." My response failed to satisfy, so I considered the question a little more.
"If I had to pick one thing that most guys would respond favorably to, I'd have to say confidence. Confidence is sexy as hell. There's nothing more intriguing than a girl who's self-assured."
"Why?" Kayla asked.
"Because it shows that she's comfortable with who she is. She trusts her judgment and isn't afraid to go after what she wants."
"Wouldn't guys think a girl like that's stuck up? Or a bitch or a slut or something?" Brittney asked.
"Some might, I guess. Guys who are fragile in their masculinity. But that only means that the assholes will have self-selected themselves out. You wouldn't want to attract someone who thought that way, would you?"
She would not.
"So, how do we become more confident?" Ashley asked.
"You're doing it right now. The fact that you're here, sitting naked in a room with an equally naked man, trying to get what you want from him? That takes a lot of confidence."
"It doesn't feel like confidence," she said dryly. "It feels like desperation."
I couldn't help but laugh. "Sorry. It's just, you've got a pretty dark sense of humor, you know that?"
"I wasn't trying to be funny," she said under her breath, and I laughed again.
"Then it must come naturally for you, I guess. Anyway, don't think of confidence and desperation as being mutually exclusive. Being confident doesn't mean you can't desperately want something. It just means you have the courage to go after it and the belief that you can achieve it.
"Someone once told me: you never regret the things you've done; you only ever regret the things you didn't do. If I had to distill the essence of confidence down to one thing, that would be it. Never regretting that you didn't try. You ever see that movie, Conan the Destroyer? The second one."
Brittney and Ashley nodded. They'd both seen it, but Kayla and Courtney hadn't.
"There's a scene where a girl asks this badass warrior chick how to attract a man. She asks her, if your heart's set on someone, what would you do to get him? And the warrior chick says, 'Grab him! And take him!'. And that right there is fucking confidence. Grabbing and taking what you want in life."
Kayla and Courtney nodded their heads enthusiastically, and Brittney smiled recalling the scene, but Ashley expressed skepticism about my interpretation of the scene's moral.
"That seems overly aggressive to me."
"Why?"
"Just taking whatever you want? What if someone else got there first?"
"Competition's a fact of life. It'd be great if every situation was a win-win, but it's a little nave to think that'll always be the case."
"I don't think it's nave to want to be nice and let other people get what they want sometimes," Ashley retorted, sounding a bit defensive.
"I get that, but there's a cost to being nice, and when you're constantly stepping aside to let other people get what they want, you risk ending up with nothing for yourself. And after a while, people stop waiting for you to get out of the way and just start walking right over top of you."
She scrunched her brow and frowned as cognitive dissonance chipped away at the precarious foundation of her personal morality. I gave it another little nudge.
"Just because you're being nice to someone, doesn't mean you're being good to them. They're not the same thing. When you keep quiet and act submissive and constantly surrender to other people's will, you're not being a good person. Being a good person means confronting and dealing with people and issues directly, even when it's difficult or uncomfortable."
She shook her head, angered by the implication. "That's a terrible thing to say. There's nothing wrong with wanting to go along with what other people want. I actually care about how other people feel."
Could she really be that nave? I gave her a sympathetic smile and softened my voice. "Going along with what other people want isn't a sign that you actually care about other people, Ashley. All it demonstrates is that you care more about what other people think of you which, when you really think about it, is actually pretty selfish."
Ashley sat aghast with her mouth hanging open, but the only retort she could muster was a frustrated grunt. The other girls shifted their gaze away, not wanting to get involved or show support for either side. Everything I'd said to Ashley applied to them as well, but the impact must have been blunted somewhat since I'd addressed it directly to Ashley.
Understanding that I'd incensed her by upending her perception of how the world should work, I offered Ashley a simple challenge.
"I don't pretend to have all of life's answers. You asked me a question, and I gave you the best answer I could, based on what I know. If you disagree, show me how your approach has resulted in a favorable outcome for yourself, and I'll happily admit I'm wrong and shut the fuck up."
A muted voice and a knock at the slider door saved Ashley from having to respond.
"Ashley? You know this door isn't supposed to be locked! Open it! Right now!"
The three naked girls scrambled for their clothes in a panic, but I held out my hand, bidding them to remain calm.
"Relax. I'll handle this. This is our sanctuary. No one's getting in, especially not that cunt."
I went to the door and pulled the blinds aside, just enough to see Erin's pudgy face on the other side of the glass.
"What do you want?" I asked, and she looked surprised to see me.
"You mind opening the door?"
"Why?"
She narrowed her eyes, but quickly got them under control and managed a defusing smile. "I want to talk. You got a second?
"No, I'm busy."
Her smile faltered and her demeanor became icy. "Well, make time. I need to talk to you. Now."
I turned to the girls and said, "Sit tight. I'll be right back."
I opened the slider and stepped outside, closing it behind me. Erin took a step backwards when she saw that I was naked. I stood with my hand on the door, waiting for her to speak.
"How's it going in there?" she finally asked after a long pause.
"What do you want, Erin?"
She appraised me and smirked. "You look even better in the daylight, you know that?"
"Was that it?"
"No. I just wanted to make sure you were still here. Are Ashley's friends in there too?" she asked, peering over my shoulder. It killed her not to know.
"You can see I'm here, so are we done now?"
Erin's face darkened, and her hand shot out like a cobra, gripping my balls in a vice-like grip. My knees buckled and I squealed like a third grader. She bared her teeth.
"Don't fuck around with me. You have until four, then I want to see you in my bedroom. Don't make me come looking for you."
She released her grip and turned to stalk back to the house. I collapsed to my knees, holding my throbbing balls. I struggled to fight back the gorge rising in my throat. Tears wet my cheeks, and, for a moment, I thought I might pass out. But the pain subsided, and I managed to get to my feet and shuffled back into the pool house.
Disregarding my request, the girls hovered in the kitchenette half-dressed when I walked in. Still cradling my balls, I shuffled past them and resumed my place in front of the television. They followed and sat on the sectional with their clothes bundled in their laps while I took a few deep breaths and did my best to gather myself.
"What the fuck wasthatall about?" Courtney asked. "Did your mom just crush his nuts with her bare hand?"
Ashley had about as much insight into the exchange as Courtney did, and she looked to me for an explanation. None of them knew the details of my arrangement with Erin, of course, and it would stay that way if I could help it.
"Don't worry about your mom, Ashley. I've got things under control."
"Yeah, it looks that way," Courtney said. "What the hell were you two talking about out there? And why the fuck did she attack you like that?"
They'd probably been spying on us but hadn't been able to hear much through the double-paned, gas-filled windows.
"She wanted to know where we were and I got a little smart with her, so she...let me know she didn't appreciate it."
They didn't believe me and, frankly, I wouldn't have believed me either.
"Why did you go out there naked in the first place, dude? And how come she didn't freak the fuck out?" Courtney persisted.
I glanced at Ashley, but she moved her eyes away. I guess she hadn't told them everything after all.
"She knows you guys are in here with me, and she knows we're having sex, so I wouldn't have expected her to be surprised or upset about me being naked. Okay? Now, is this really what you want to talk about with the little time we've got left?"
This revelation brought everyone but Ashley to their feet.
"She knows?" Kayla shrieked.
"What thefuck, dude? Are you kidding?" Courtney asked, appalled.
"Oh, man...," Brittney muttered, hugging herself.
"Everyone just calm the fuck down!" I yelled, and they quieted in an instant. "Sit down. Please."
Everyone grudgingly took their seats. I paced around a little, still working through the pain throbbing in my balls. The time to bring everyone up to speed had long passed.
"Erin and I have an arrangement, okay? She asked if I would be willing to teach Ashley everything I know about sex and to train her how to do it. So yes, she knows what's going on because she set it up. She doesn't know the details, of course, but she knows we're not just in here holding hands and talking."
Ashley's friends all turned to stare at her. She squirmed and looked down.
"You knew? Why didn't you tell us?" Courtney asked, her tone accusatory.
"Because it didn't have anything to do with you," I said, answering for her. "You three weren't supposed to be part of the arrangement. You all asked to be included after the fact, remember? Besides, it's better that Erin knows. She's helping to manage Clay and we don't have to worry about sneaking around. Everything's out in the open. Sort of."
I went to the fridge to grab another beer while the girls digested what I'd told them. My stomach grumbled. I hadn't eaten a thing since the party burger the night before. Maybe it was time to call it quits and just get the fuck out of there. When I returned, the atmosphere had grown decidedly brooding.
"So, what's the deal, ladies? Do you still want to do this, or what?" I asked testily. Low blood sugar had darkened my mood. When they didn't respond right away, I bent over to gather up my clothes. "You know what? Maybe I'm not the right person for this. Why don't you all figure your shit out and give me a call when you decide what you want to do. I don't have time to play daddy daycare to a bunch of scared little virgin girls jumping at their own shadows every five seconds."
What a manipulative prick I sounded like, but I couldn't help it. I was hurting and hungry and horny and hungover, and I'd run out of patience. Kayla came to me and took me by the wrist.
"Don't leave. Come over here and sit down."
I dropped my clothes on the ground and let her lead me to the sectional, all resistance sapped.
"Just sit back," she said. She quickly peeled off her panties, then pushed my knees apart and kneeled between them. Immediately, I began to grow.
"What are you doing?"
"I want to make you feel better, okay?" she said, unhooking her bra and tossing it aside. She placed her hands on top of my thighs and gave them a rub, her face a mask of sincere earnestness. "Teach me how to suck your dick."
"Kayla. You don't have to do that," I said for some stupid fucking reason.
"No, I want to," she said, and I raised a silent prayer of thanks. "You're right. We've been acting like scared little kids our whole lives and I'm over it. I'm ready to start going after what I want, and right now I really want to suck this dick, okay? So please, teach me. Tell me what you want me to do."
Chapter 16 - Blow the Man
Even without something to eat, my mood immediately improved. Kayla wanted to learn how to suck my dick? Might as well make it a group activity. I sat up a little and beckoned the other girls over.
"Come closer so you can see what she's doing." I patted the cushion next to me. "Courtney, you can sit right here next to me. Ashley and Brittney, why don't you two get on the floor next to Kayla."
Everyone shuffled around. Courtney pulled her feet underneath her legs and sat on her hip, resting her arm on the seatback. I put my hand on her thigh and she flashed me a little smile. Ashley and Brittney took positions to either side of Kayla, and a buzzing, nervous excitement percolated between them.
"Okay, Kayla, have you ever sucked a dick before?"
She stared intently at my cock and shook her head. "Not a real one."
"Dildo?" I guessed, and she nodded. "What about you two?" I asked Ashley and Brittney, and both girls shook their heads. "That's fine. We'll take it slow, then. Kayla, take hold of my dick, down near the bottom. You don't need to squeeze it hard, just enough to keep it under control. That's perfect.
"Okay, before we start, a quick tour of the cock. Starting from the top, this part up here is the head or the glans. It's the most sensitive part of my dick, basically the equivalent of your clit, and this is where you're going to spend most of your time. The hole at the tip is my urethral opening. Both cum and piss come out of it, but never at the same time, so you don't need to worry about that.
"Curving along the bottom of the head is the ridge. It's also very sensitive and moving your hand or your lips over it feels really good. In fact, that should be your primary method of stimulation. As you can see, the ridge doesn't go all the way around. It comes together here on the underside to form the frenulum. This area is also super sensitive and it's a great place to lick if you ever want to hear me moan."
The girls grinned at the prospect.
"Below the head is the shaft. It's not as sensitive as the head, but I can still cum just from stimulating it alone. It takes longer for me to get there, but the orgasm from it is fantastic. Those two guys hanging down below are my balls. They're not super sensitive, but they still crave your attention, so don't forget that they're there. You can massage them, lick them, or suck on them. Just take care with them, because squeezing them too hard is really fucking painful."
Brittney gave me a sympathetic smile. Ashley raised her hand but lowered it quickly when I looked at her.
"Can I ask a question?"
"Of course."
"Are they all so big?"
Courtney blew a laugh from her nose, but I squeezed her thigh to shoosh her.
"Some, but not many. Unfortunately, you guys are going to have to play this one on expert mode. The upside, though, is that if you can learn to take a dick this big, you'll be able to handle almost any other dick."
"It's not that hard," Courtney said. "You get used to it pretty quick."
Ashley's eyes widened and Courtney shot her a self-satisfied smirk. A competitive antagonism still existed between them, and I made a mental note to have a talk with Courtney about it later.
"Okay, are you ready Kayla?" I asked.
She took a deep breath and set her jaw, her face a mask of intense concentration. She adjusted her grip, licked her lips, and then nodded. Before I could say anything else, she leaned over to wrap her lips around the head. I took a stuttering breath and exhaled out a low, groaning, "Oh..."
For someone who's only experience consisted of practicing on a dildo, Kayla proved herself to be an adept little cocksucker. Even with a small mouth, she had no issue hinging open her jaws wide enough to take me deep. Before I knew it, the tip of my cock touched the back of her throat. Then she slowly pulled her lips back and withdrew me from her mouth with a soft noise.
She looked up, waiting for me to say something. I let out another long breath and said, "That was great. Keep going."
Her lips lifted into a happy smile, and she went back down on me, gliding her lips up and down over my cock. Her technique was simple but effective, a slow methodical pace, firm even pressure from her lips, and constant steady suction. She looked up frequently to check my expression, and made small adjustments based on what she saw. I slowed my breathing and leaned back to enjoy the show.
Kayla worked her mouth diligently over my cock with almost metronomic precision, and her small hand moved synchronously up and down over my shaft, in lock step with her mouth. Brittney and Ashley watched intently with looks of wonder on their faces as Kayla sucked my cock with such determined exactitude. The sensation was wonderful, and I could easily have allowed her to continue until she'd made me cum, but something seemed off about her performance. It seemed so utilitarian and lacked any spontaneity or excitement. She didn't approach it as something fun or pleasurable or exciting, but as a job to get done.
She must have noticed the change in my demeanor because first she increased the speed of her lips and hand gliding over my cock, then slowed and finally stopped.
"Did I do something wrong?" she asked.
"No, it feels really good," I said.
"What then?"
I laughed. "It's just...are you enjoying yourself at all?"
She looked at me funny. "What do you mean?"
"I don't know, you just seemed so preoccupied by what you were doing."
She struggled to comprehend my meaning. "No, I liked it a lot. I just...wanted to make sure I was doing a good job," she explained, and I smiled at her.
"You were! It felt wonderful. It's just...where's the passion?" I asked, and she frowned with misunderstanding. I addressed all three girls.
"Have you ever been really hungry, like starving hungry? And then you ate something delicious, like a slice of pizza or something?"
"Yeah. Sure," Brittney said, and the others nodded agreement.
"Think about how you reacted when you took that first bite. Did you close your eyes and take a deep breath and smile as you chewed? Maybe even moaned a little because it was so fucking delicious and tasted like the best thing you'd ever eaten in your life?"
All three girls silently nodded.
"That's how you should approach sucking a dick. Like you're starving for it. Like it's the best thing you ever put in your mouth and your pussy aches because you love it so much and you don't think you can ever get enough. I should be able to see it on your face and in the way your lips and tongue and hand move over my cock. I should be able to hear it in your voice as you moan and tell me how good I taste and how much you love it and how good you want me to feel. That's passion."
Kayla and Ashley's faces were masks of wonderment, but Brittney's attention remained focused solely on my cock
"Would you like to give it a try, sexy?" I asked, and Brittney shot her eyes to mine. "Go ahead and switch places with Kayla."
Kayla let go of my cock and backed away, allowing Brittney to take her place. She was so much taller than Kayla, her face hovered at the same level as mine until she lowered herself down onto her substantial haunches. She stared at my cock, anxiety and uncertainty swirling on her flushed face.
"Nervous?" I asked, and she nodded. "Don't be. Just remember what I said. Approach it like you want to suck my cock more than you've ever wanted anything in your life. You want it so bad you can feel it deep inside your pussy. You're desperate for it. You want to make love to my cock with your mouth."
Brittney sighed and nodded. She took hold of my shaft, the way she'd seen Kayla do.
"Wait," I said, and she looked at me. "Before we do anything else, you really need to take that awful hoodie off." She blanched and leaned back. "Please. In fact, why are Kayla and I the only ones with our clothes off right now? Everyone needs to get naked."
After a moment's hesitation, Ashley and Courtney stood and removed the few articles they'd managed to put back on when Erin paid us her surprise visit. Brittney, however, didn't budge from her spot between my legs.
"What's wrong, Brittney?" I asked, concerned. "Do you not want to do this?"
She shook her head. "No, I do!" she cried, her voice distraught.
"Then what is it? You were fine being naked with me last night, so I know you're notthatshy. Just tell me what it is."
"It's...I'm on my period," she said, casting her eyes to the side.
I chuckled, which I probably shouldn't have done. "Is that all?"
Her expression told me that I'd missed the point. "But, I have my...my tampon in," she said, whispering the last part.
"So? That's okay."
"It is?"
I laughed again. "Do you think you're the only girl who's ever had sex on her period?" By her reaction, she must have. "Hell, some girls prefer it because when they're on their period, they get horny as fuck. Plus, you can't get pregnant so, you know, you can really go wild."
"Really?"
"Yeah, really. It's totally normal. There's nothing to be embarrassed about. Come on, stand up. Take that ugly thing off. Let me see that sexy body of yours."
Brittney stood unsteadily and lifted her hoodie over her head. Underneath, she wore a gray sports bra, which she pulled off as well. I smiled at the sight of her perfect breasts.
She hooked her thumbs under the waistband of her shorts and hesitated before pulling them down to her feet, revealing a matching pair of gray cotton briefs. She watched me, as if hoping I'd tell her to stop. When I didn't, she quickly pulled her briefs down. For the first time since last night, Brittney stood completely nude.
My breath caught in my throat. It was the first time I'd really seen her full body head to toe, and I was stunned by how well-proportioned she was. She even had a proper hourglass figure, except everything was sized up because of her height and weight. The word 'statuesque' sprang immediately to mind.
"Jesus, you're fucking gorgeous," I said, and she frowned, rubbing her arms nervously.
"I'm gross."
"Then gross is the new hot, because you're absolutely stunning. I would totally..." I began, but caught myself. "You look great."
She cocked her head. "You'd totally what?"
I blew out a soft laugh. "I was going to say, I would totally fuck the shit out of you right now," I said, and her face turned seven shades of red. "Get over here. I'm dying to see those perfect lips of yours around my cock."
Brittney smirked and lowered herself in front of me, bracing herself on my thighs. I noticed the small white string dangling from her pussy as she settled onto her haunches, and the sight of it gave me a little thrill. Kayla and Ashley took their positions on either side of her as she took my cock in her hand.
"I want to suck your cock more than I've ever wanted anything in my whole life," she said softly, and my heart leaped. She gazed at it lovingly. "I want it so bad, my pussy hurts. I'm desperate for your cock."
"Holy shit," I breathed.
She looked at me and asked, "How was that?"
"Is it true?"
Brittney smirked and shrugged her shoulders. "Maybe," she said, then leaned forward to gently lick and kiss my broad cockhead. Her lips moved sensually over the glans, feeling their way around it, then she took it into her mouth and slurped on it. Her lips felt like satin.
"Oh, fuck..."
She lifted my cock and dragged her tongue along the bottom of the shaft, a wry smile on her lips. When she reached the tip, she swallowed the head and slid her lips down the shaft. Her head moved up and down, slowly and deliberately, her eyes never leaving mine.
"Jesus, that feels so fucking good," I said.
She smiled and pulled her head back, continuing to jack me off. "You taste so good," she said in a sultry voice that made my balls tingle. She wrapped her lips around the head and gently sucked on it, letting them roll over the ridge while her hand stroked the shaft.
She sucked my cock noisily, groaning and slurping and breathing heavily. The experience was pure ecstasy. I moaned with pleasure, and her eyes smiled. She knew how good she'd made me feel.
Courtney pressed her body against me, her arm around my shoulder and her hand on my chest, watching her friend suck my cock like it was her last meal. I turned my head, and she leaned over to kiss me. Her voracious lips attacked mine, her tongue forceful in my mouth. Her lust had been triggered by the sights and sounds of Brittney's sensual blowjob and she kissed me with a ferocity that left me breathless.
For several minutes, we made out while Brittney sucked my cock, until Courtney pulled away from me with a fiery look in her eyes.
"You've had long enough," she said to Brittney. "Let somebody else have a turn."
Brittney lifted her head. "But, I'm not done yet," she objected.
Courtney wouldn't be deterred. She leaned over my lap and took me into her mouth with Brittney's hand still gripping the base of my shaft. Brittney stared disbelieving as Courtney's head bobbed up and down, sucking my cock the way I'd taught her to do.
"Keep using your hand," I said breathlessly, trying to keep Brittney engaged.
She looked at my face and saw something there. A yearning that moved her to action. She tracked Courtney's head and slid her hand up and down my shaft, following along with her. Ashley and Kayla looked on with astonishment, captivated by what they saw. Neither dared move or hardly breathe. Absently, I realized that Brittney was one of the few girls who'd ever been able to get her fingers all the way around my cock.
Courtney kneeled ass up across my lap, and I rubbed my hand over her cheeks and the cleft between them. My thumb brushed over her asshole while my fingers slipped between her legs. She moaned when they found their way to her clit and began to roll over it. I caught Ashley's eye and spread my legs wider.
"Massage my balls, Ashley. Put your hand on them and fondle them, okay?"
She looked between my legs and carefully reached for them. Her fingers brushed over my wrinkled scrotum, and she appeared fascinated by the texture. Then she took my testicles into her hand to gently caress them. Brittney and Ashley shared a brief look and they both snickered.
"I can't believe we're really doing this," Ashley whispered.
Brittney shook her head. "I know."
A shiver ran through me at the sensation of three girls attending to my cock at the same time. I pressed my thumb against Courtney's asshole and applied firm pressure until her sphincter gave way and I was able to slip it inside of her ass. She let out a muffled whimper and increased the urgency of her cocksucking.
"Kayla, I want you to suck my cock again, okay? Courtney, let her do it, baby."
Kayla squeezed in next to Brittney and took me into her mouth the moment Courtney withdrew. I pulled my thumb out of her ass as she rose up onto her knees. She looked at me with desire in her eyes, then took my face into her hands to kiss me again. I wrapped my arm around her waist and pulled her closer, reaching to cup one of her large breasts, squeezing it gently and pushing it up. She pulled her head back and I kissed my way around her nipple, then licked it before taking it into my mouth. She let out a contented sigh and stroked my hair.
Kayla moved her head tirelessly, taking me as deeply as she could while maintaining a rapid pace. I took my mouth off Courtney's nipple long enough to offer the girls some direction.
"I want you all to take turns, okay? Ashley, you go next. Nice and slow. Keep your lips soft, honey. Oh god, that's so good. Just like that."
For several long minutes, the three girls took turns sucking my cock while Courtney and I made out and I feasted on her nipples. I coaxed Courtney's legs apart and resumed massaging her clit, and she attacked my face with her mouth for it.
The shadows cast by the afternoon light lengthened as I reveled in the pure bliss of that singular moment, but before long I felt my orgasm begin to rise. The constant stimulation of my balls, my shaft, and my sensitive glans, the enthusiastic attention of three eager mouths and several sets of hands, quickly drove me to the edge of release. Courtney sensed the change in my breathing and leaned back to watch as my mouth came open and I gasped like a fish. The relentless motion of Brittney's soft lips rolling over the ridge of my cock head teased me closer and closer to my climax.
"I'm going to cum," I said hastily. "Oh god, Brittney, I'm going to cum right in your fucking mouth, baby."
Her expression softened and she whimpered. My breaths came in quick, sharp pants. My body tensed and my balls contracted, and I ejected a stream of warm cum into Brittney's open mouth. She didn't know to stop. As she continued to move her head up and down, cum mixed with her saliva to coat my shaft. I put my hand on her head to hold her still and ejaculated the last of it into her mouth.
She lifted her head, her cheeks flushed, and stared at me, uncertain about what she should do next. Courtney helped her out.
"Swallow it, Brit."
Brittney scrunched her face and nearly gagged as she gulped down my load. Then her expression brightened, and she smiled.
"That wasn't too bad!" she said, excited.
Ashley and Kayla giggled at her as she wiped her chin with her forearm. Courtney ran her fingers through the hair on my chest, then noticed residual cum dribbling from my rapidly deflating cock. She leaned over me and wrapped her lips around the head to lick and suck it into her mouth.
"Mm," she hummed when she raised back up. "You taste yummy."
I smiled dreamily and put my hand on her rump. She leaned against me and laid her head on my shoulder while the other girls took their seats on the sectional.
"Are you always supposed to swallow it?" Kayla asked, toying with her pigtail.
"You don't have to, if you don't want to. But every guy wants you to, and it's a hundred times hotter when you do," I said, my tongue thick in my mouth.
I could have fallen asleep right then, but my stomach growled, reminding me of how hungry I felt. I stood and stretched, then fetched several beers from the fridge, keeping one for myself and placing the rest on the coffee table. The girls helped themselves and we took a few moments to rehydrate.
Ashley took a sip and pushed her glasses up on her narrow nose. "So, how'd we do?" she asked.
"How'd you do? You were amazing," I said truthfully. "You all were."
"Can we do it again?" Brittney asked, and blushed when the other girls giggled.
"God, Brit. Are you a slut for his dick now?" Courtney chided, and I shot her a disapproving glare.
"Don't do that, please," I said without a hint of humor in my voice.
"Jesus, sorry. I was just joking," she said before taking a sip of beer.
"I don't care. Don't joke like that. Not around me. That kind of slut shaming bullshit has no place here. You shouldn't say anything like that to anyone, ever, but especially not to anyone in this room."
"God, I said I'm sorry, okay?"
She seemed more embarrassed than remorseful. I wanted to say more, but the point had been made. I addressed Brittney's question.
"Yes. We can do it as much as you want. You're an amazing cocksucker, and I'm very excited to return the favor."
"What do you mean?" she asked over the tittering of the other girls.
"I mean, I'm going to lick and finger your sweet little pussy until you cum screaming, Brittney. And, before you say it, I don't care that you're on your period. In fact, it kind of turns me on that you are."
Her face reddened until I thought she might burst into flames. Kayla caught my attention, her gaze intense.
"What about the rest of us?" she asked, but it wasn't really a question.
"I promise to eat all of your pussies, okay? It's one of my favorite things in the world."
We sipped our beers quietly for a while, exchanging glances and smiles until Kayla broke the silence.
"So, like, is that something we can do right now?"
Chapter 17 - Eat and Run
Ashley moaned and thrashed and bucked her wide hips as my tongue danced over her tiny clit, her legs draped over my shoulders and her heels dug into my back. She cupped both of her small breasts and tweaked her nipples as she inched ever closer to her orgasm.
I could hardly feel my tongue anymore and my jaw ached from holding it open for so long. Kayla and Brittney still laid in more or less the same positions where I'd finished each of them off earlier.
Kayla had thankfully climaxed quickly. The sharp taste of her hairy pussy, like bittersweet broth, and the strong, musky odor that resulted from her overactive secretions and the near-constant wetness between her legs, had thoroughly aroused me. Her sensitive clit had responded to the touch of my tongue and lips like I'd jolted her pussy with electricity, and her powerful orgasm had come after only a few minutes, accompanied by several loud squeaks and a gush of fluid that wet my face.
Brittney's climax had taken much, much longer to arrive. After she visited the bathroom to remove her tampon, I set to work fingering her vagina and licking and kissing my way around her gorgeous, ginger pussy. Compared to Kayla, Brittney's pussy had a clean and fresh taste, save for the occasional coppery tang of menstrual blood, with almost no scent to speak of.
I'd spent fifteen minutes with my head between her long, chubby thighs, throwing everything I had at her clit, but she'd stubbornly refused to cum. It had taken Ashley's vibrator in her ass and two fingers in her pussy before she finally relented and climaxed with a shuddering cry that had startled and worried the others.
Now, at last, I'd reached the home stretch with Ashley. I had her clit firmly between my lips and sucked and licked it relentlessly while my fingers combed over her g-spot. She arched her back and squeezed her thick thighs around my head, her large ass lifting off the cushion.
"Aangh!" she gasped, her breath coming in ragged huffs, before she finally pushed my head away from her crotch. "I can't! I can't!"
I sat up and wiped my face, grateful she hadn't held out the way Brittney had. Courtney came to stand next to me, pulling my head against her belly to run her fingers through my hair. I wrapped my arms around her hips and held her soft ass in my hands.
"Are you tired, baby?" she asked, her voice so soft it sounded almost like a croon.
Hearing her use the word 'baby' like that jarred me. I'd used the term a couple of times during sex, but always in the heat of the moment. Never in an intimate context like that. It worried me. Was she starting to get attached?
Her fingers on my scalp felt so good, though, and her body so soft and warm in my arms, that I pushed the idea aside. Maybe she'd only wanted to express herself in a tender way and it hadn't meant anything, I told myself. I kissed her tummy and sighed contentedly.
"Yeah. I think my tongue might need a splint," I quipped, and she chuckled softly even though it hadn't been that funny. Was she laughing at my stupid jokes now, too? She leaned over and picked up something from the table.
"Here, I got you a beer. You need to rest up, baby. You've got one more pussy to lick."
I stiffened. She'd said it again, but I couldn't deny her meaning that time. She was marking territory. Claiming me for herself. I let her go and, after a moment's consideration, accepted the beverage, grateful to replenish my fluids.
Ashley looked at me through half-closed eyes, a wistful smile on her face. She rubbed my back with her foot.
"That was great," she purred. "Thank you."
"You're very welcome."
I absently placed my hand on her knee and ran it along the inside of her thigh, kneading the soft flesh I found there. She sighed and spread her legs, daring me to explore further.
Courtney's hands returned to my head, and she turned me away from her friend's lurid pose.
"I've got an idea," she said playfully, her eyes smiling. "Why don't you finish that beer, and then we can lay down over there and you can lick my pussy while I suck your big cock and then you can cum in my mouth so I can swallow it. How does that sound, baby?"
It sounded amazing, I admitted to myself. But damn it, I really needed to have a talk with her and make her understand this couldn't go further. I glanced down. Why did my body have to betray me like that? My cock stood erect in my lap, ready and eager to accept Courtney's wet, delicious lips and make a deposit into her mouth. I stood up.
"Later, okay?" I said, and her smile waned. "I need to talk to Erin about something," I explained, and her smile turned into a frown.
"Talk to her about what?" she asked, turning as I went to gather my clothes. It wasn't just Courtney wondering either. The other girls perked up at the mention of Ashley's mom's name.
"Well, first of all, that's none of your business. Second of all, I'm starving and need to get something to eat. Don't worry, I'm not going anywhere, okay? Why don't you guys go swimming or hang out in here and watch TV or something, and I'll be back in a little bit. Then we can talk about the sixty-nining and the swallowing of the cum and all that good stuff."
I quickly stepped into my jeans and pulled on my shirt, taking a moment to comb my hair back with my fingers. I reeked of spit and pussy, but I didn't care. Erin could deal with it. I slipped my phone into my pocket and headed for the door.
"Just wait here till I get back. I won't be long."
The house stood quiet and still.
"Erin?"
I moved through the kitchen and peeked into the den. Nothing. I called out again, praying she had decided to forgo our meeting and headed out for the afternoon instead. A lilting voice carried down from the second floor, crushing my hopes.
"Upstairs."
That's right. She'd said to meet in her bedroom. At the landing at the top of the stairs, she called to me again from the room at the end of the hall.
"In here."
I took a deep breath, bracing myself for another one of Erin's twisted mind games. I carefully edged into the room but didn't see her. Then I heard pouring liquid and turned to find her seated on the toilet with her panties bunched around her ankles.
"Jesus, Erin," I said, turning away.
"Oh, just come over here. It's only pee."
I stood at the threshold and waited until she finished urinating and flushed. When she stood, she left her panties laying on the tile floor. No wipe off. No hand washing. Such a classy lady.
At the mirror, she smoothed her short, plaid skirt and tugged on her wifebeater tank top, so sheer that it might as well have been see-through, those large dark areolas and long nipples of hers clear as day. She looked fantastic in that totally disgusting, I hate this fat bitch but she's such a sexy fucking freak kind of way.
"You're early," she said, teasing her hair with her fingers. "I'm not ready yet." Lifting her arms caused the tank top to ride up on her soft belly. She smoothed it down, then traced her fingers along the swell of her large breasts. She watched me through the reflection as she ran her hands over them. "What do you think?"
"About what?"
She laughed. "Always so stubborn. Fine, don't tell me. I can probably guess what you're thinking anyway," she said, nodding at the growing bulge in my pants. Betrayed yet again. Ignoring her temptations, I jumped right into it, ready to finally wrest away control of this precarious situation.
"I'm not here to fight with you, okay? I just want to talk. I've got a few rules of my own we need to discuss."
"Oh?" She leaned over to dab at a glob of mascara in the corner of her eye. "Do tell."
"First of all, you can't just barge in there like that. What happens in there is private. You and I can talk afterwards, but while I'm in there, the pool house needs to be off limits. Understood?"
Her eyes moved to mine. "You said rules," she said, enunciating the s as a z. "As in, plural?"
"Yeah. I'm going to need some money from you."
"I thought you were too noble to take payment. Rent coming due?"
My scowl said I didn't find her funny. "It's not for me. I need to buy some things for Ashley."
Erin regarded me for a moment. "How much?"
"I'll figure it out and let you know, but probably a couple grand."
She choked out a laugh. "Grand?"
"You want me to turn her into a smoke show or not? She needs things. Clothes, hair, makeup, accessories."
"Alright, I get it," she said, raising her hand. "What else?"
I twirled my finger between us. "I don't know what this thing you've got going on here is supposed to be, but I'm not someone you can just order around. I agreed to make time for you, and I'll abide by that. But don't assume to dictate my schedule, or anything else for that matter. I'll decide the time and place that works best for me and fit you in when I can."
Erin lifted her eyebrow and asked, "That it?" as she applied a pale shade of pink lipstick and popped her lips several times.
"No. There's one other thing. You ever grab me like that again and I will knock you the fuck out, Erin. I will lay your ass out cold. You got me?"
She put her hands on the vanity countertop and breathed deeply. "Oh wow, you are such a bad ass. No one pushesyouaround. No one tellsyouwhat to do."
"I'm not fucking around," I said, feeling somewhat less certain than I had just a moment before.
She smirked and resumed her preparations. "I'll give you the money. When it comes to the pool house, well, it's my fucking house and Ashley's my fucking daughter, so I'll do whatever the fuck I damn well please." She paused to glance at me. "That said, because I like you so much, I'll give you two a little space. For now."
She gave her hair one last fluff. "As far as the other thing, you deserved it for being a smart mouthed little fucker and I'll do it again if I have to." When she saw my eyes narrow, she bent over the countertop and lifted the back of her skirt. A pink jeweled butt plug glittered under the vanity lighting from between her bare ass cheeks. "So, if you don't want that, I guess you better teach me a lesson I won't soon forget. I've had it in for a while. Take it out."
Her butt plug called to me, begging to be extracted from her ass like the cork from a bottle of vintage Bordeaux. My face flushed with embarrassment at being so powerless against her. I needed to restrain myself. I couldn't let her continue to manipulate me so easily.
She noticed my hesitation. "Did you meet Aaron at the party last night? You couldn't miss him. Huge, three hundred pound guy with a mustache? He and Clay played football together in high school. Back then, we used to call him 'The Hog'. Biggest fucking cock you ever saw in your life, and boy does that man love fucking young pussy. Maybe I'll call him up and see if he's busy tonight. I'm sure he'd love to spend some time alone with Ashley. What do you think?"
My stomach lurched. How could she say something like that about her own child? How could anyone be that vile? How could someone as sweet and kindhearted as Ashley possibly have come out of such a horrid beast? Then, through the mirror, I watched Erin's lips twist into a smug, mocking smirk as she read my reaction, and my revulsion morphed into abject rage.
I stepped forward and gripped the base of the butt plug, forcefully yanking it upward. "What the fuck is wrong with you, you sick twisted bitch?"
Erin nearly jumped onto her tiptoes and yelped in pain. Slowly, her puffy brown asshole distended as gravity forced the onion-shaped butt plug out of her rectum. As her sphincter grew, the circle of exposed metal expanded to the diameter of a beer can. Erin cried out but I ignored her distress and hoped the pain was excruciating. When the metallic bulb finally began to taper, it expelled from her ass in a single, fluid motion.
Erin landed back on her heels and gasped. Her abused asshole gaped obscenely, too enlarged to close itself right away. She glared at me through the mirror, her hair in the sink, her chest heaving, her face a mask of pure disgust. "Oh my god, look at how fucking pathetic you are," she spat when she'd finally caught her breath.
I leaned over her back to put my lips to her ear. "You want to get fucked? Hm? Is that what you want, you disgusting bitch? Fine. You got it." I dropped the lubricated butt plug onto the shag bathmat and unbutton my jeans.
"Can you even get it up for a real woman? Or do you prefer fucking ugly little virgin girls who are too young and too stupid to know what a lousy lay you really are?"
I pulled my cock out and gripped her hair, yanking her head back.
"Shut your filthy fucking mouth," I said between gritted teeth. In one swift movement, I shoved my thick cock into her loose asshole and sank it all the way inside of her. She squeezed her eyes shut and cried out, as much from shock as pain.
"I bet you felt that," I growled. "Didn't you, bitch?" Then I gripped her honey-blonde hair in both hands and thrusted my hips against her, buttfucking her as fast and as hard as I could.
Erin's body shuddered from impact tremors as she took my brutal anal pounding, her huge tits and soft belly swaying back and forth underneath her thin tank top. "Oh, god! Oh, fuck!" she cried as my cock plowed her rectum and my pelvis crashed against her enormous ass cheeks again and again. I wanted to destroy her asshole and I threw everything I had, all the pent up rage and disgust I felt for her, into the task.
But, to my horrid dismay, Erin began to throw her ass back at me. Even though I had brutalized her asshole, even though I had hate fucked it with all the fire and acid I could summon, it still hadn't been enough for her. She lifted her shirt to free her tits and then braced herself against the mirror.
"Come on! Harder! Fuck me harder! I said harder, you limp-dicked little bitch!"
I wouldn't have thought it possible for her to infuriate me more, but somehow she had. My soul burned, and I dug deeper than I ever had before to conjure, from some undiscovered well of pure, concentrated spite I never knew existed, the strength I needed to hurt her. To make her feel something other than pleasure and smug satisfaction. But all my effort was for naught.
Erin took everything I had, and she still wanted more.
When she realized I had reached the limit of what I had to give, her demeanor shifted, and she began to draw me in the way a chess master lures an inferior opponent into their cleverly formulated trap.
"That's it! Keep going! Don't stop!"
She looked at me through the mirror, watching as I assaulted her asshole with complete abandon, and she loved it, the ecstasy on her face obvious. To see me crash helplessly against her, unable to make her submit, must have filled her with such a sense of power. I had given her exactly what she wanted, and I hated her for it.
"Come on, baby! Fuck me! Fuck mommy's fat ass! Oh, baby, that feels so good! So fucking good!"
I wanted her to shut up, but the words poured like honey into that depraved part of my mind that loved it and craved more, and their effectiveness proved near immediate. A tingle in my balls alerted me to the orgasm rapidly building within me. A surging tide of semen preparing to be unleashed. A new imperative now overwhelmed me: cum inside Erin's ass.
"That's it! Cum for me, baby! Cum inside mommy's ass!"
As if responding to her command, I exploded inside of her, filling her bowels with my semen. My knees buckled, and I lurched forward to balance myself on the vanity, gasping for breath, but Erin didn't stop. She continued fucking her ass with my cock, milking me for all the cum I had to give her. Only after I'd been completely drained did she finally stop. When she stood up, my slimy cock slipped from her ass.
She turned and patted me on the cheek. Except for her exposed tits and some mussed hair where I'd held her, she looked as fresh and put together as when I'd first walked in.
"Well done," she said, returning to the mirror. "When Clay eats my ass tonight, it'll be your cum he's tasting."
I nearly wretched. I yanked up my pants and hurried from the room.
Chapter 18 - Dirty Talking
The walk back to the pool house felt like a death march. I stared into the empty space in front of me, shell shocked by what had just happened. Erin had completely dominated me in a way I'd never experienced before, and I felt humiliated by the way I'd handled it. I'd played right into her hands like a chump.
"That was fast," Courtney said when I walked into the pool house, but then she noticed my expression. "Woah, are you alright?"
I ignored her and plopped down onto the sectional to marinate in my own self-pity. She moved closer and kneeled on the sofa next to me. She took my head into her hands and turned my face to look at her.
"Hey, what's up, baby?"
"Nothing, andpleasestop calling me that."
A pang flashed across her round face, but she covered it with a carefree laugh. "Hey, come on. You know I'm just playing around, right? For real, though. Are you okay?"
"Yeah, I'm fine. I've just got a lot on my mind." I stood up to take off my clothes. I could tell she knew I was lying, but she accepted it anyway.
"Well, did you at least get yourself something to eat?" she asked.
I'd totally forgotten about food. After Erin's parting words, though, my appetite had been thoroughly quashed. "No, but it's fine. Let's just order pizza or something."
Once naked, I sat back down and then keeled over to lay my head in Brittney's lap. She looked down at me and smiled, putting her hand on the side of my face to rub the stubble on my cheek with her thumb. It felt so soothing that my mood instantly improved.
"Hey there," she said.
"Hi."
They'd been watching a movie when I walked in. Some romcom with actors who's names I didn't know. Ashley flipped off the television and put the music back on, then discarded the remote onto the coffee table.
"So, now that you got that out of the way, what's next?" she asked.
Courtney cleared her throat. "Um, I believe it was my turn," she said quickly.
I shifted my eyes to her, noting the eager look on her face. I wasn't quite ready for that yet, but I desperately needed to scrub that horrid episode with Erin from my mind. Cleanse the palate so to speak. Plus, I'd just blown a huge load into Erin's ass, so I also needed time to recover.
"We'll do that in a little bit, but I wanted to do something else first, okay?" Courtney couldn't hide her disappointment, but the other girls perked up at the possibility of participating in something new.
"What is it?" Kayla asked, sitting up straight.
I moved my eyes between them and said, "The joy of sex isn't just in the doing. Other things can enhance the experience too. I mean, fucking is great and all, don't get me wrong, but your eyes and your ears are erogenous zones too, and different sights and sounds can elevate okay sex to mind-blowing sex."
I had their attention now. "I want to teach you girls about foreplay and, specifically, how to talk dirty. The right words, when said the right way at the right time, can have a powerful triggering effect for both guys and girls."
Brittney rubbed her hand over my chest and asked, "Like what?"
I gazed up at her and smiled. "You are so fucking beautiful, do you know that?" I kept my voice low and tender. "I love looking at you. I love your face. I love your body. And I especially love that delicious little pussy of yours. Ilovedeating your pussy, Brittney. I couldn't get enough of it. The way you moved and your reactions when I licked you and fucked you with my fingers. You got me so fucking hard you don't even know.
"I wish you would sit on my face right now so I could eat your pussy again. I want you to squirm on my face while I lick and suck on your clit. And then, when you're crying and grinding your hips, and grabbing my hair, and you're just about to cum, I want to bend you over and slide my thick cock inside your tight, wet pussy and I want to fuck you, Brittney. I want to fuck your wet little pussy with my big, hard cock so bad, I can taste it."
Brittney stared into my eyes, her face bright red, then started to rise up out of her seat. I chuckled and stopped her from getting up.
"You see what I mean? Like a jolt straight to the pussy, isn't it?"
It took a moment for her to realize what I'd done, and her agreeable smile seemed tinged with discomfort. She'd definitely been turned on, I was sure of that, but a residual disappointment lingered in her eyes that my words hadn't manifested in reality.
"And look at what it did for me," I said. Her eyes shifted to my cock, now rigid and lifting from my pelvis. "I meant everything I said, by the way," I added, and her chest lifted from a large intake of air. "We'll get to that later, though. I promise. Right now, I want all of you to practice on me. Your goal is to get me so hot and horny, that I start leaking precum from the tip of my stiff cock, okay? Now, who wants to go first?"
"I will," Courtney said, shuffling closer. She pushed my legs apart and reached for my cock, but I lifted my head from Brittney's lap and wagged my finger.
"Uh-uh, no cheating. You can only use your words, okay?"
She frowned but retracted her hand. Then her expression softened, and she lowered her voice, addressing her words to my cock.
"Mm, look at that big dick. It looks so delicious. I want to lick it right now. Then I want to wrap my lips around it and suck on the fat head, then go down on you and suck your cock while I jack you off and play with your balls. Mm, I can feel it in my pussy right now just thinking about it. You're moaning right now and I can feel you about to cum and I can't wait for it. I want you to cum in my mouth so I can swallow it and feel it sliding down my throat."
When she finished, she checked to see my reaction. I nodded and smiled at her. "Pretty good start," I said, graciously. "I like where your head's at. I do love getting my dick sucked and having my cum swallowed is very hot, so bonus points for that."
Her face lit up with cheerful pride that I approved. I looked around. "Who's next?" I asked and, when no one volunteered, I lifted my eyes to Brittney's. "How about you, sexy?"
She smiled nervously. "Sure." She stared down at me but seemed uncertain about how to begin, so I gave her a little hint.
"Just say what you're feeling and be as honest as you can, okay? The words should pour out of you like a stream of conscious, giving voice to your pussy. Tell me what she wants. Not just stuff you want to do to me, but also things you'd like me to do to you. Things we've never done before, but that you're dying to try."
She nodded and cleared her throat, her eyes boring into me. "I'm so fucking horny for you right now. You are so sexy to me, and I can't stop thinking about you. Whenever you look at me, my heart sings. I thought kissing you last night was the greatest moment of my life, but then you went down on me today and I thought I might die because I loved it so much."
Uh oh.
Tears brimmed in her eyes and streamed down her cheeks. She caressed my face. "You have no idea how much I want to fuck you. I want it so bad that it hurts my heart," she said, barely able to get the word out before her voice cracked. She took a stuttering breath before continuing. "I want to feel you inside of me while I kiss you, and then I want to look at your face when you cum inside of me and then I want to hold you and for us to stay that way for as long as we can..."
Her voice trailed off and she sniffled as tears fell from her cheeks to land on my face. I stared up at her in astonishment and blew out a long breath.
Oh no.
"Wow," I said at last. She wiped her nose with her arm and smiled lovingly at me while she stroked my temple with the back of her fingers. I put my hand on top of hers. "Brittney..." I was at a total loss for words.
"I meant it. I meant every word of it," she whispered tenderly, and that only made it worse. Then she looked at my dick and her face fell. "W-why aren't you hard anymore?"
"Brittney...I'm so deeply moved by your words. I truly am. That was so...raw and heartfelt and honest and I can't thank you enough for saying it. But there's a fine line between romantic intimacy and titillation and that was very much the former." I could almost hear her heart breaking.
"Remember that when you're talking dirty, your pussy should be talking directly to my cock, okay? Not my head or my heart. You want me so fired up, so crazy for you, that I want to grab you and throw you down and fuck you raw." I smiled and patted her hand, then quickly moved on. "Ashley, why don't you go next, okay? Ashley. Hey! I said you're up."
She whipped her head to me and lifted her eyebrows. "Oh, right. Sorry. Okay, let's see."
"Remember what I said earlier. Tell me what your pussy's feeling. Give her a voice. I want to hear all the dirty little things you want to do, and everything you want to have done to you. Think about the things I like about you and try to incorporate them into it too. And use your strengths. You guys are super creative. You understand fantasy better than most girls. Dig deep and let your imagination run wild. Paint a picture for me with your words." She nodded as I spoke, and I hoped the pep talk helped.
She closed her eyes for a moment, her lips moving silently. She held her hands down at her sides, palms forward and shook them out. When at last she reopened her eyes, she had transformed into someone else. She smiled wickedly.
"I have you tied to the bed, your arms and legs bound. You're completely helpless. I walk into the room, and I'm wearing a leather bustier and thigh high leather boots and nothing else. As I walk by, I drag my finger across your naked body. You shiver and your dick starts to get hard. You try to reach for me, but your bonds restrain you. I smile. You're mine to play with."
I sat up a little. What's this? Ashley looked at me, then lifted her eyes and let out an exasperated sigh.
"Forsomereason, you really like my butt, even though it'swaytoo big, but whatever, so I crawl onto the bed and straddle your head. You look up at me. At my pussy. And at my huge butt. They're right there in your face, and you can see that my pussy is so wet. I lower it down toward your face and you lift your head to try and lick it, but I keep it just out of reach. Your dick is fully hard now, so I lean over and wrap my lips around it. You taste so good in my mouth. I move my head up and down, sucking you off while you stare up at my pussy and my big, ugly butt, helpless to reach them.
"After sucking your dick for a really long time, you're finally ready to cum, but I don't let you. Instead, I move down your body until my pussy is right over your dick and I lower myself onto it. It goes inside of me, but not all the way. Just the very tip...the head, and then I start moving my butt up and down on it, but not a lot. Only a little. You want to push it all the way inside of me, but you can't. You can only lay there like my slave while I tease you with my pussy.
"Then I feel something. I can feel myself about to cum. As I'm riding you, I start to lower myself down onto your dick more and more until you're all the way inside of me. I'm riding you, and you're watching as my big butt is bouncing up and down on you and then I cum and it feels so good and you tell me you're about to cum too, so I lift my pussy off you, and I suck your dick until, finally, you shoot it into my mouth, and I swallow it all down."
She ended her story by licking her lips and making a loud slurping noise, which made her break character and giggle uncontrollably. We all joined in her laughter and even clapped while she took several shallow bows.
"Thank you. Thank you."
"Oh my god, I loved it! That was great," I said when my laughter had subsided. "And, holy shit, that was so fucking hot, too! Look." My stiff prick was hard as a rock. "Only thing that could possibly have made it better is if you had sat your big ass right down on my face so I could eat it."
Ashley wrinkled her nose. "Ew! Really?"
I lifted my eyebrow and smirked. "Hey, don't knock it till you've tried it. What if it turned out to be your favorite thing in the world?"
She hadn't thought about that and dwelled on it for a second before lifting her eyebrows and bouncing her head from side to side. It seemed that she'd be open to at least consider it. I turned my attention to Kayla.
"Alright, baby girl, your friends have gotten me pretty fucking hard, but there's no precum yet, so it's up to you to bring it home. I want you to pull out all the stops for this one. Reach way down, deep into your inner degenerate, and pull out the most perverted taboo that you've ever fantasized about and run with it, okay? Remember, having confidence means never regretting you took a risk. This is your chance to get it out there and explore it with someone who won't ever judge you and may very well be into exactly the same things as you. You think you're ready for that?"
"I'll try," she said, then sat back on her haunches to think it through. As she considered what she wanted to say, her eyes moved several times in my direction. After a long moment of silence, I became convinced that something held her back.
"What's wrong?" I asked, and she stirred uncomfortably and refused to look at me. "Are you too embarrassed by it?" I guessed, and she returned a little nod.
"I don't think I can say it," she said softly.
"Why not?"
She hemmed and looked ready to crawl out of her skin. "It's...so, so dirty," she said at last, and her eyes moved to focus on an indeterminate spot on the couch.
My interest was instantly piqued. "Oh, Kayla, now Ihaveto hear it."
She shook her head. "No way. Everyone's going think there's something wrong with me. I'm going to think of something else."
"Oh, hell no," I objected. "This is the one. Look at me, Kayla. My dick is hard justthinkingabout what youmightsay. And I already told you, I'm into anything and everything. So, don't be afraid to get as filthy dirty as you want. The nastier, the better."
She regarded me, trying to judge if she could really trust me. The other girls chimed in as well.
"Just tell him, Kiki," Courtney said. "I can't speak for Ash, but Brit and I would never judge you like that, okay?"
"Hey!" Ashley protested, and Courtney stuck out her tongue and giggled. "Go ahead, Kay. I told my dumb sex story about my big butt. Nothing could possibly be worse than that."
"Bet me," Kayla said dryly, but her reticence had already begun to crumble.
"You ready?" I asked.
"Are you?" she replied.
"Oh yeah, baby. Hit me with it."
"Okay, here goes nothing." She closed her eyes and took a deep breath. "I can't believe I'm doing this," she grumbled.
She cleared her throat and sat still for several seconds. I thought she'd lost her nerve again until she rose slowly to her knees and spread her legs, dropping her hand to rub herself. She sighed contentedly. Then she spoke, and her voice sounded different; softer, lighter, and higher pitched, almost breathy.
"Do you like my pussy, daddy? Do you? Do you like my hairy little pussy? Can you see how wet I am, daddy? I'msowet, daddy. I see the way you look at me, daddy. Do you like looking at my little titties?"
My jaw dropped and my pulse quickened to a frenetic pace as Kayla lifted her other hand to fondle one of her small breast.
"Oh, daddy! Look at your cock. It's sooo big and sooo hard. Mm, can I lick it, daddy? Please? Please, daddy, please put your big cock in my mouth. I want to taste you, daddy. I want to suck on your big fucking cock. I want you to grab my pigtails and use my mouth. Put your cock in my mouth, daddy, and choke me with it."
The other three girls stared in disbelief as filth poured from their friend's mouth. Kayla's fingers moved swiftly over her clit.
"Oh, touch me daddy! Touch my little pussy. Oh god, daddy. It feels so good! It feels so fucking good! I want you so bad. Fuck me daddy. Oh, please fuck me. Put your big cock in my hairy little pussy and fuck the shit out of your baby girl, daddy."
I almost choked on my own spit. Kayla moved her body against her hand, undulating her hips as she pantomimed the forbidden encounter she'd conjured in her mind.
"Oh god, daddy, I'm going to cum. Oh, god, yes! Yes! Oh god! I can't take it any more daddy! My little pussy can't take your big cock anymore. Oh daddy, what are you going to do? Where, daddy? You want to put it in my ass, daddy? You want to fuck my little ass? Oh god, yes! Do it, daddy! Fuck my little ass! Oh fuck! Oh fuck! Oh god, that feels so fucking good. Fuck it, daddy! Fuck my little ass!
"Oh, god! Are you ready to cum now, daddy? I can feel you. Take your cock out of my ass and shove it in my mouth. Let me suck your big cock, daddy, straight from my ass. I want your cum. I need it, daddy! Let me have it, daddy! I want to drink your fucking cum, daddy! Oh GOD!"
Kayla doubled over, her eyes squeezed tightly as a powerful orgasm wracked her small body, but her fingers didn't stop. She powered through the initial wave and her mouth contorted and twisted until her legs began to shake.
"Oh shit. Oh fuck! Oh, FUCK!"
She finally couldn't take it anymore. She slowed and collapsed backwards onto the sofa, shivering spasmodically. A large wet spot darkened the cushion where she'd been kneeling.
No one breathed a word for several long seconds. We all sat quietly and watched with open mouths as Kayla's orgasm rolled over her in cascading waves. When she eventually settled, no one wanted to be the first to speak. At long last, Kayla sat up to look at us. When the realization of what she'd just done finally crystalized, her face became ashen and filled with regret.
"Why are you all looking at me like that? Oh, god. I was just kidding. You know that, right? It was a joke, I swear!"
I sat up quickly and got to my knees, gripping her shoulder. "Shut up, Kayla. Just shut up, okay?" Only then did I become aware of my heavy breathing. Kayla stared at me, her eyes filled with shame and fear.
"I didn't mean it," she said. She trembled and I thought she might cry from embarrassment, but I shook her shoulder.
"Stop. Just stop, okay? Look at what you did, Kayla," I said, casting my eyes downward.
She looked down and her lips parted. My stiff, aching cock pulsated, bobbing lightly with every heartbeat, and a large string of precum drooled from the tip. Kayla reached out and caught it with her fingertips. She rubbed them together, fascinated by the slippery texture.
"Holy shit, Kayla. That was one of the hottest things I've ever heard in my life. I don't even..." When I faltered, she looked at me. I breathed deeply and fixed her with an intense stare. I lowered my voice. "I want to fuck you so badly right now, I can barely control myself."
She held my gaze for several long seconds before responding.
"So do it, already."
I gripped her shoulder tighter and nearly shoved her backwards and tore up her pussy right then and there, and I'm not sure why I didn't. Instead, I stood and paced around the coffee table, slicking my hair back and blowing puffs of air out of my mouth as I struggled to get myself under control. Courtney came to me and grabbed my wrist.
"Come here," she said.
I let her push me down onto the sofa until I laid on my back, then she straddled my waist and pinned my arms over my head. She stared at me, her face an inch from mine, her breath hot and herbal.
"I'm done waiting. I'm going to suck your dick, okay? Hey, are you listening to me? I'm going to suck your big, fat dick and you're going to lick my pussy and stick as many fingers as you can fit inside me. Just like before. And then we're going to lay here for as long as it takes for you to cum in my mouth and I'm going to swallow all of it. Every last fucking drop. Do you understand?"
I nodded and she turned her body around to wrap her soft, warm lips around my throbbing cock and settled her pussy onto my face. She pulled her head back and smacked her lips.
"Mm, cherries," she muttered before taking me back into her mouth.
We licked and sucked and fingered each other with reckless abandon. As I neared my climax, I found myself with a pair of fingers in her pussy and one in her ass as I thrusted my cock into her open mouth. My orgasm rocked my body, even if my ejaculation couldn't match the load I'd deposited into Erin's ass and, true to her word, Courtney swallowed every drop.