Kelly and I had known each other since we were both eight-years-old when she and her family had moved in next-door to mine. Separated in age by only a few months we had struck up friendship almost immediately.
We had been in the same classes throughout school and in our pre-high school years spent many long hours playing together.
Naturally as time moved on Kelly lost most of what you would probably describe as tom-boy tendencies and we hung out less. However, we remained friends and continued to enjoy each other's company frequently mostly either playing video games or catching a movie together.
There was never anything romantic between us and we both dated other people. Well to be precise Kelly dated other people and I tried my best, largely without success, to elicit any attention I could from the opposite sex.
At the end of high school we both applied to the main college in our home town and were accepted. Kelly was going to study psychology while I would be taking a history course.
Before I go on I probably better describe Kelly. She's only five feet tall and has dark blonde hair cut at just below shoulder length, blue eyes and a pretty face that lights up when she smiles which is something she does a lot!
As you'd expect from someone so short in stature, Kelly has a slight build with one exception - her boobs. These are a whopping 34d and, despite their size, are perky and firm looking and of course tend to draw a great deal of attention!
Anyway back to the story. It was a couple of days after graduation and Kelly and I were at her house watching DVDs and chatting about the future.
College was still three months away and we were both a little stuck for ideas on how to spend the long summer ahead. There was of course the option to get a job to save up money for college but neither of us was overly keen on that plan.
Then Kelly had the brainwave that would eventually change our lives and our friendship forever. "Road trip," she suddenly said out of nowhere.
"What?" I replied.
"Read trip," she repeated with a broad smile on her face. "That's what we should do. The classic college road trip."
"Ok Kell but first of all we don't have a car and secondly we're not at college yet!" I replied.
"First of all Phil you're such a geek," my friend responded playfully. "We are almost in college and we can get a car from my uncle. Come on Phil we gotta do this!"
Caught up in Kelly's enthusiasm, I put aside my initial reservations and said, "Ok but we need to plan it properly."
"Yes, yes Phil we will. But let's not wait. Let's go see my uncle now and get going," Kelly replied.
This didn't sound like we would be planning anything properly but I knew better than to argue with Kelly. Once she decided to do something she did it. Spontaneity was her thing plus a road trip sounded like a fun idea.
Without any further discussion we headed off on the short walk to the second hand car lot that Kelly's uncle Dave Randle ran.
When we arrived Dave was smoking outside his office. Kelly bounded straight up to him and grabbed him in a big hug. "Uncle Dave!" she said with a beaming smile.
"Hey Kelly," he responded, "What brings you over here?"
"We're going on a road trip and we need a car and I thought my favourite uncle could help us out," said Kelly finally releasing him from her bear hug grip.
"Who's we?" Dave asked having failed to spot me standing a few feet away.
"Phil and me," Kelly replied.
"Hi Mr Randle," I said with a nervous wave.
Dave and I had met a few times but I had failed to make a great impression and I got the sense he was not exactly my biggest fan.
The car dealer nodded his head in response to my greeting then took Kelly by the arm and led her into his office.
I stood outside waiting while I presume Dave was questioning Kelly as to why she wanted to go on a road trip with, not only a boy, but a boy like me.
After about 10 minutes my friend bounded out of the office clutching a set of car keys. "Come on," she said with a grin.
I followed as Kelly skipped across the lot stopping next to a rather battered looking blue Sedan. She opened the car's unlocked door and dropped into the driver's seat.
"This is us," Kelly said enthusiastically.
I decided not to ask what her uncle had said to her in his office and simply walked round the car and got in the passenger seat. I barely had time to close the door when Kelly started the engine and set off.
"I knew Uncle Dave would come through for us," she enthused, "I don't want to hang about. Let's go home, tell our parents the plan, pack and head off."
"What happened to planning things properly?" I asked.
Sighing, Kelly replied, "There's that geek again Phil. It's the summer before college. Be spontaneous!"
Caught up once again in my friend's enthusiasm, I said, "Ok Kell."
To my surprise both of our sets of parents raised no objections to our road trip. I suppose they thought we were 18 and had been pretty responsible in the past so they trusted we would be sensible. This parental vote of confidence boosted my morale and by the time Kelly and I had loaded up the car I was as really looking forward to the trip.
Promising our folks we would keep in regular contact and be back in no more than a week we headed off on our adventure.
"So where too first Phil?" Kelly asked as we reached the freeway.
"This was you're idea and you're driving Kell," I responded still giddy at the prospect of having such freedom for the first time.
"Spontaneity it is then!" Kelly retorted with a sly smile as we headed at speed for the interstate.
The next few hours were uneventful as we drove along chatting more about road movies we had seen than we did about the actual trip we were embarking on.
"I'm getting hungry and a bit tired," Kelly suddenly remarked. "What'd say we stop at the next diner to eat and at the same time we can ask for directions to the nearest motel?"
"Ok," I replied as it dawned on me for the first time that we had not discussed sleeping arrangements for the trip ahead.
It was only a couple of more miles until we came across a diner called the Cosy Coffee Cup and pulled in. Making our way inside it instantly called into question the validity of its quaint name.
The diner had 10 tables with chairs, four booths along one wall and a number of high stools at the service counter. The decor looked like it was something from a bad 70s movie and there we some funky looking stains on the furniture, carpet and ceiling.
Despite this we were hungry so decided to stay. Taking one of the booths we noticed we had drawn slightly unfriendly stares from the five or six truck drivers who were the only other diners.
"This place is a bit weird," I said in a hushed voice.
Kelly chuckled, "Yeah but don't sweat it Phil. We're on a road trip remember and anything goes on a road trip."
I was not sure I had signed up for anything goes but before I could reply the waitress arrived.
"What ya having?" came the less than welcoming query from the waitress who was in her 50s and almost as dishevelled as the diner.
"What do you recommend?" said Kelly brightly.
"Honey I recommend you order something, eat, pay up and go," came the terse response.
Clearly taken aback but remaining unflustered Kelly said, "Two cheeseburgers, fries and cokes."
With a grunt the waitress scribbled on her notepad and wandered off.
"Nice atmosphere," I joked.
"Yeah service with a smile," Kelly replied with a giggle.
The food arrived quickly and was actually quite good considering. Finished with our meals we headed for the counter to pay.
We agreed to take it in turns to pay for food and when we got to the counter I offered my credit card to the waitress.
"Nope," she said shaking her head and pointing to a tiny sign below the cash register which stated the diner accepted cash only.
"Shit," I said realising I had no money. Kelly too only had her card so I asked if there was an ATM nearby.
"Nope," said the waitress.
At that point a man appeared next to the waitress. He identified himself as the manager of the diner and said, "You should've read the sign. This check needs settling."
His menacing tone gave me a shiver and I replied rather meekly, "Well we've no cash. I'm sorry. We could go somewhere to an ATM and come back. You can trust us sir."
Not impressed with my suggestion or politeness the man said, "You ain't going nowhere til you pay or we settle this someway else."
I had no clue what he meant by that last remark but knew we were stuck. We had no cash and the last thing we wanted was for the police to be called and our road trip to be brought to an end before it had chance to get going.
"Well what are you proposing?" I said.
The man smirked and looked at Kelly with a revolting leer. "You're girl can settle this," he said.
"We're just friends and she's no cash either," I responded.
The waitress and the man both laughed. "Not money boy. Skin. She can show us some skin and we'll call it even," he said.
Stunned and repulsed I started to mumble a protest when I felt Kelly's hand on my arm.
"Ok," she said, "how much would I have to show?"
I was even more shocked now and began to try to argue with my friend but she put her finger to my lips indicating I should leave this to her.
The man sneered. "Everything," he said, "I wanna see all you got and I'm sure my regular customers here wouldn't object to seeing too."
I was seething at the man's suggestion and again opened my mouth to say no but before I could get a word out Kelly said, "Alright."
"Now missy just to be clear here I wanna see them huge titties of yours, that ass and your pussy before I tear up this check," the man said licking his lips and staring at my friend like she was a piece of prime meat. Kelly nodded her agreement.
"No Kell. You don't have to do this. We can sort it out another way. This is crazy," I said.
"It's ok Phil. Anything goes on a road trip remember? I'm fine," Kelly replied ushering me back to our booth.
I sat down and watched helplessly as my friend of 10 years was helped onto the counter by the diner manager. The truckers who had given us such an unfriendly welcome were now staring only at Kelly.
"Let's put on some music for the show," said the lecherous diner manager flicking a switch on a cd player which he had placed on the counter.
A guitar riff struck up followed by the opening chords of a cheesy hair metal song from the 80s.
"Make it good darlin'," said the manager looking up at Kelly with a lustful sneer.
With that the talking was over and Kelly nervously fumbled with the hem of her blue t-shirt. She lifted it up exposing her black bra that was holding in her considerable boobs.
The bar manager clapped sarcastically as Kelly dropped her shirt to the floor and kicked off her pink tennis shoes.
"Looking good honey," shouted one of the truckers.
To my surprise Kelly smiled at his call and gave a little wink. "Was she actually enjoying this?" I wondered." No she couldn't be."
Kelly was now unbuttoning her denim shorts as two of the truckers, including the one who had shouted out moments earlier, made their way from their tables towards the counter intent on getting a closer look.
Unbuttoning complete, Kelly slid the shorts off her butt and down her legs. Stepping out of them as they reached the counter top, she kicked them to the ground joining her shirt and shoes.
As she reached her hands behind her to unhook her bra, the diner manager shouted out crudely, "Here we go sugar. Let then big ol titties free!"
This drew laughter from the waitress and truckers but the remarks only heightened my anger at the situation my friend was in.
Kelly though did not seem to care. She smiled and finished unhooking the clasp on her bra. With a shimmy her arms slipped out of the straps and the bra dropped revealing her magnificent breasts.
I had seen Kelly in a swimsuit a few times and even in her underwear on one occasion but never anything less and I have to admit I was impressed by what I saw.
Her boobs were large but still firm looking. She had dark areola with sizable nipples that were sticking out to attention giving further backing to my increasing feeling that she was actually having fun up there exposing herself to this group of strangers.
I too was beginning to forget the circumstances that led to Kelly's predicament and I also have to admit that seeing my friend shedding her clothes was turning me on.
As I previously stated there had never been anything romantic between us but now, as she stripped off on that counter top, I was for the first time seeing Kelly for the beautiful young woman she had become.
Down to tiny white socks and black panties, Kelly was now walking up and down the counter giving everyone in the diner a good look at her attractive, toned body.
Her big boobs swayed and jiggled with each step and were undoubtedly the centre of everyone's attention - at least for now.
"Look at the titties," called out one of the truckers, "Bet she gives a helluva tit fuck."
This remark drew yet more laughter and even Kelly seemed to find it amusing breaking out in a slight giggle."
"Great tits darlin' but let's see that sweet pussy now!" yelled the revolting diner manager.
Kelly stopped her parade along the counter and stared at him. For a moment everyone in the diner went quiet wondering what she was going to do or say.
Then the tension was broken as Kelly's face lit up with a huge smile. This removed any lingering doubt left in my mind that she was indeed enjoying herself and lessened the guilt I felt at the growing boner in my pants!
Full of confidence now, Kelly strode over to the end of the counter where the manager was stood. She bent down with her boobs swaying as she did so.
Kelly grabbed the man by the shirt collar and pulled him towards her. She said something I could not hear over the music and the next thing I knew the manager had joined her on the counter top.
Kelly turned her back to him and stuck out her butt. Grinning wildly, the man reached down and grasped her panties and in one quick motion pulled them down her butt, passed her legs and to her feet.
Naked except for her socks, Kelly stepped out of the panties and, bending over right in front of the manager, picked them up in her right hand.
Standing straight up again she twirled the panties around her head before handing them to the manager who promptly held them to his face and sniffed them.
With her arms stretched out wide, Kelly then did a 360 degree turn giving everyone a look at her naked body from all sides. As she turned to face me I did my best not to let her see my excitement but I couldn't drag my eyes away from her exposed pussy.
It was trimmed neatly with only a small line of blonde hair for covering and her pussy lips could clearly be made out beneath.
The truckers were cheering, whistling and clapping loudly by this stage and as she hopped down off the counter top Kelly blew them a kiss.
Looking up at the manager who was still standing on the counter she said, "Debt paid?"
He nodded and said, "Yup."
Kelly gathered her clothes and with a cheeky grin replied, "You can keep the panties. Consider them the tip."
Without waiting for a response and still naked, Kelly walked over to me, grabbed my hand and led me outside to our car.
"I'm so, so sorry you had to do that Kell," I said making certain my hand was masking the bulge in my pants.
Kelly laughed. "It's ok. In case you couldn't tell I actually got into it by the end."
She put on her shorts, shirt and shoes but tossed her bra onto the back seat of the car. Kelly threw me the keys and we got in the vehicle.
"Where to?" I asked.
Kelly smiled. "Wherever. Spontaneity Phil remember?"
I turned the key in the ignition and we were off again. It had certainly been an eventful and unexpected start to our road trip and who knew what would be next?