AUTHOR'S NOTE
If you've read any of my other stuff you've probably come to realize some of my quirks. I'm a big fan of a little Bromance. The way I figure it man on man should have the same delicious acceptance of girl on girl. This story contains, some man on man. Not a great deal in this first section, it's more implied than anything else. My stuff is more thinking porn, if you're after a quick fix of tab A into slot B (and let's face it we all want that sometimes) it's not here, it's a story.
Now after those warnings if you're turning off, that's cool. But…(there's always a but isn't there?) why not try it. You just might like it; no one's watching they'll never even know you tried. You might find yourself a delicious new kink.
Comments appreciated. Ratings even more.
Lay some sugar on me xxx
-----------------------------------------------
Fitted green satin was a bad idea. Hardly a revelation in 104 degree heat and 89% humidity—but to Grace it was a revelation of sorts. Despite the fact that she was sweating as soon as she was out of the shower Grace had not at any point prior to the party questioned her decision to wear the vintage fifties cocktail dress. It was her Christmas dress and it was a Christmas party, therefore the only choice was the full-skirted, long sleeved, heavy satin. It was as simple as that. It seemed that not even a swap in hemisphere could shake her devotion to tradition.
Grace had always liked boundaries, personal rules and goals. They had long been a comfort—a way for her to define her place in the world. Now the social rules and personal values she'd imposed upon herself were beginning to feel more like a cage. She felt trapped in the long sleeved, boned corset top. Weighted down by the mid calf wide full skirt and tulle petticoat underlay. It was the perfect Connecticut Christmas dress and a stupid choice for a humid Australian party beside the Jupiter's Casino Pool. If she'd been acting out of anything other than compulsion she wouldn't even have packed the dress. She'd have waited and found something more suitable for the climate.
Large, round, white linen covered tables surrounded the pool. Dishes from the buffet dinner had been cleared and she was one of few people still seated at the tables. She looked around at the other women in their tropical sundresses, dancing to the Carols blasting from the DJ booth beside the Pool bar.
Bing Crosby?
Did no one else realize the incongruity of sweating while listening to Bing croon about roasting chestnuts?
It was absurd. Truly absurd.
She was absurd pointing out the obvious while everyone around her was having fun.
Grace let out a sigh.
Casting an eye across the Christmas drunk crowd—high on the coming holiday—Grace could find no other person sitting and shaking their head like her. She was the only one. If it had only been a matter of being the odd one out she'd have been fine. Connecticut born, she was bred for aloof social disconnection. She had no problem with being an island. Isolation was comfortably familiar feeling; in fact it was her default emotion. She'd been raised to believe a good Christmas gathering should be as frosty as familial relationships. Stilted and confined with minimal conversation and no physical contact.
Here the music was loud and the conversation even louder. Despite the cloying heat it seemed as if touch had been state mandated. Everyone hugged her, or even worse, kissed. A discrete check of her compact mirror showed her cheek to be a lipstick smeared rainbow. She wasn't used to the contact and couldn't help the immediate recoil she instinctively made each time she was touched. The need these people had for contact was baffling. She'd only been in Australia two months and with the University for a little over three weeks. Even at her going away party from the school she'd worked at for the last three years, she hadn't received such exuberant physical affection.
"Are you as uncomfortable as you look Miss Hawthorne?"
The murmured question unnerved Grace, firstly because she thought herself better at schooling her emotions and secondly because of who asked.
Drew Maxwell.
He unnerved her. With his sharp features, steel grey hair and ice blue eyes he had the aura of a film noir detective. But it wasn't his arresting looks that made her uneasy—it was his voice.
It affected her. He affected her.
The lyrical rumbling burr elicited an unwanted physical response, as if he'd trailed his fingers down her spine. Deep and rich, it was a seductive mix of two accents—a Scottish burr softened by years of living in Australia.
"I'm fine. Thank you Mr. Maxwell." There was something about him that made her Connecticut ice rise. Even the most innocuous conversations with him had her speaking in frosty clipped tones.
He leaned over. His knuckles brushed her skin as his fingers gripped the back of her chair. She recoiled at the heat of his skin and sat up to avoid the contact. He laughed. Low and rumbling. Leaning lower, until his breath tickled her ear he said, "Yes. You arefine. Aren't you? Cool and completely contained. Do you ever just let go?"
"Let go of what?"
He laughed again—the sound vibrating her ear. "And with that logic she answers my question."
He sat beside her. Unasked, uninvited he took the chair in which Brent should've been seated. Brent, who was on the other side of the pool engaged in conversation with the head of the School of Medicine.
Engaged by her expansive chest anyway.
Glancing to her left she saw that Drew had also noticed. He'd followed her gaze and now he too was intently watching Brent. The flash of annoyance she felt was not due to Brent. His behavior didn't bother her; theirs had never been a jealous or possessive relationship. The anger that itched under her skin was because she'd been caught looking by Drew and it was obvious his interest had been piqued. The last thing she wanted to do was attract his focus. She had the feeling it would be difficult to shake.
"Let go of what?" she repeated the question in an effort to distract him. Regretting it immediately, because suddenly all that focus she'd feared was now directed at her. Intense blue eyes. White blue, like chips of ice, radiating burning heat rather than cold. A weight settled in the pit of her stomach as those eyes locked with hers.
"You're so contained Miss Hawthorne. Confined like a tight flower bud. I wonder…does the bud ever unfurl? Burst into blooming color?"
Grace felt herself flush. A physical reaction as it rose from her chest and blazed a heated trail up her neck. He leaned in and rested an elbow on the table. He reached closer and trailed a long finger across her collar bone along the rising flush. "There's some pretty color," he murmured.
She took a drink of her champagne. Flat and warm, it sat stale in her mouth, not giving her the cool release she'd hoped. The liquid swallowed like a stone, a hard ball going down her throat. The finger at her collar bone moved, tracing patterns up her neck, hooking into a curl of hair that had come loose from her chignon in the humidity. He tugged on it and to her shame she could not hold back the shudder.
"Is that your husband over there with Professor Thane?"
She shook her head and he released his finger from her hair. "That's Brent," she said, "Dr Brent Sutcliffe. He's not my husband."
"Ah, fiancé."
Grace was fairly certain Drew already knew her personal situation and was trying to make some point at her expense. He wanted a particular response and she wasn't going to give it to him. She wasn't going to squirm, deny or justify the status of her relationship.
"Yourboyfriend?" The word came out on a smirk.
Boyfriend. Grace hated that word. Hated admitting it. It sounded stupid, almost juvenile for a thirty five year old woman to have a boyfriend? But what other name was there for it? For him? What else could she call Brent? Lover—how gauche. Partner—sounded like a business transaction. There was no other word
Boyfriend, fiancé or husband.
Society gave her no other choices.
At home, in Connecticut they didn't even live together. So, as much as it galled to Grace to say it Brent was herboyfriend.
"How long have you been together?"
"Eight years."
"Eight Years? Long time. You don't believe in marriage?"
She felt a flash of anger. Of course she believed in marriage. It wasn't like Santa was it? It existed. She didn't deny its place in society. She didn't hate the institution. There was even a time when she imagined herself at an altar dressed in white with a Prince Charming of her own, but that was long ago. It irritated her that Drew had asked. That she felt the need to justify herself.
"You don't believe in minding your own business?" Grace felt her heart race at her biting response. She looked away, hoping to hide the flush that had returned to her face. She didn't like confrontation.
Drew laughed. Threw his head back and laughed. Laughter softened the angular lines of his face, making him beautiful in a way that clenched her stomach. Layered on top of the rush of adrenalin that confrontation brought, the feelings his laughter raised made her feel a little light headed.
"You're a traditional girl aren't you Grace."
She was—exhibit A, the heavy satin dress—but wary of the potential ambush that could come of answering, she said nothing. Every conversation with this man seemed like some kind of honeyed trap. She waited, sitting stiff, preparing herself for whatever sting was to follow his baited line of questioning.
What he said next was unexpected. It confused her, which was why she reacted the way she did, without thought, without planning. In the moment.
"I'd lay money that you're the only woman here in stockings and garter belt."
How did he know?
"You wear them every Christmas don't you Miss Hawthorne? This one particular pair."
It didn't occur to her to deny or not to answer—to tell him to again to mind his own business. Shocked at his perception she nodded. The garter belt was Christmas green with gold trim. She wore it every Christmas. With this dress.
"Did your Dr Sutcliffe see you put them on?"
She had to think a moment. Place where they both were as she got ready. Yes. Brent had seen her, he'd been telling her about the Tropical Medicine Seminar he was to attend early next year. She nodded and said, "Yes. He saw me."
His hand trailed lightly down her arm and murmured, "Did he ask you to bend over?"
She gasped and shook her head.
"Really? I would have. I would have sat down and asked you to bend that ripe peach of an arse over, right in front of me." He brought his hands up in front of his face and held them as if cupping her bottom. "Just for the pleasure of seeing you bend."
I should ask him to stop. I should tell him to go.It's inappropriate.
The logical part of her brain protested, but Grace did nothing. Said nothing. She sat transfixed by his liquid voice and the lightly trailing finger that had now moved down under the tablecloth to make circles on her thigh.
"Told you to spread your legs and grip your ankles. Can you do that Grace? Grip your ankles?"
She nodded. Her mouth was dry, her tongue stuck to the roof of her mouth.
"With you bending over between my legs, your sweet arse right near my face I would have made you come. Stuck my fingers in your pussy until I felt the honeyed clench of your orgasm. I would have wanted to lick you clean, but I wouldn't. Do you know why?"
She shook her head. Still unable to talk.
"Because I'd have wanted your panties to be wet and sticky for the whole night. So each time you moved you'd know who wanted you."
A rush of liquid heat settled between her legs.
"So Grace Hawthorne, did Dr Sutcliffe make you come?"
She shook her head again.
"I'd like to make you come. Come so hard and fast that your muscles seize in shock. That you beg me to stop because you think you might shatter."
She was panting. So loud it echoed in her head. Grace wondered if he could hear it too. She was hot. Sweat trickled down her neck, between her breasts. He looked cool. His linen shirt crisp and white, a mocking contrast to her damp flushed skin.
"Right here, right now."
"Here?" she asked, in a feeble voice. A voice that had never before issued from the mouth of Grace Hawthorne.
"Here. Before he comes back. He's on his way back now. Do you think you can do it? Do you think you can come before he gets back to the table?"
Grace glanced up to see Brent wave. She nodded back at him, unable to move her hands that were gripping the table edge. Drew had his hand under the crisp linen tablecloth, pulling back the edge of her cocktail dress. She didn't stop him. Under the layers of petticoat his fingers moved quickly. When he reached the lace of her garter he hooked a finger underneath the elastic and flicked. The snap against her soft skin made her jump.
Still she didn't stop him.
Looking up, she found Brent. He'd had taken a detour to the bar. She watched him talk to the bartender, a chesty young girl guaranteed to keep his attention longer than the order of his scotch and soda.
Why did that please her? That she had more time with Drew?
Drew's hand moved up to snake a finger under the elastic edge of her panties. Grace shifted forward on her chair and to her surprise she opened her legs to his fingers.
"Aye. That's it. Good girl." He sounded Scottish now, the burr more pronounced. Under her bunched up skirt his fingers moved. They dipped into the embarrassing wetness that had pooled since his words and then moved up to slick against her clit. The sensation shot through her like electricity. Around their table people milled, glasses clinked and laughter sounded. Crooning Bing Crosby changed to Dean Martin.
Lost in the feeling she swayed closer to Drew. He smelled musky, unadorned by cologne, just the smell of him. "Can you do it Grace? Can you let yourself go before he comes back?"
She looked up. Brent was walking back to the table, glass in hand. He smiled at her and tilted his head slightly towards Drew. As if to ask who he was. His eyes held only slight interest, no shock or suspected impropriety. Grace risked a glance at Drew. While his hand was under her skirt, his fingers speared in her body, rocketing her to orgasm, he was looking away. His face was a mask of indifference and for some reason that heightened the sensation of his fingers—turned her on more. He brought a wine glass to his lips and spoke quietly against the rim, "Are you ready Miss Hawthorne?"
She was ready. But Brent, was so close to the table. Could she do it before he returned?
Drew started a countdown. Low enough for her alone to hear, "Ten…nine…eight… seven…six…"
At five she tipped over and fell into orgasm. Plunged into it. Her thighs seized, snapping tight around his hand. She rocked in her seat against his trapped hand until it finished. His hand was still ensnared in her wet pussy when Brent made it back to the table.
"Grace. Darling, I'm sorry to have left you for so long."
"Is...Ok…Fine," she said proud of herself that she was even able to make that incoherent sentence.
After an uncomfortable silence that under normal circumstances Grace would never have tolerated Brent cleared his throat and offered his hand to Drew and said, "I'm Dr Brent Sutcliffe."
Through the fog of her orgasm aftermath Grace realized that Brent had been waiting for her to introduce him.
Drew slipped his fingers from her pussy and slowly ran them down her stocking clad thigh and then….
He stood and offered the hand that had just made Grace come to her boyfriend to shake. Brent did, with his usual dominant exuberance.
"Pleased to meet you Brent, I'm Dr. Drew Maxwell."
Drew was a Doctor?
"Aaaah," Brent said with a wide smile, "What do you practice?"
"My guitar."
"Sorry?"
"That's what I tend to practice. I'm not so good at it, even though I've been playing it for years. That's why I've got a day job."
Brent didn't laugh, didn't even smile he just continued to stare at Drew who sighed and said, "I'm not a medical doctor Brent. I'm a doctor of philosophy. I have a Phd."
"Right. Well, good then." Brent's body language made it painfully obvious that honestly he thought it anything but good.
"In what?" Grace asked.
Drew didn't look at all bothered by Brent's reaction. He smiled and sat back down—in Brent's chair. Brent frowned, stood and shifted his feet for a while and then pulled out the chair opposite Drew. He sat, his resentment at Drew taking his chair obvious.
Grace looked back from Doctor to Doctor. They weren't just opposites at the table. They were physical polar opposites. Drew—gun metal grey hair, lean, angular and rakish. Brent—All American blond, square jawed and broad.
"My Phd?" Drew asked and Grace nodded.
"In english literature."
Grace heard Brent's derisive snort and cringed at the sound. There was no way that Drew could've missed it but he gave no outward appearance of hearing. He smiled, his eyes focused entirely on her, as if Brent did not exist.
"Do you teach?" Grace asked. Drew worked in the International Student's Department. He travelled to international trade shows and recruited students. As far as she knew anyway.
"I did, for a while. I like what I do now better."
"What use is yourdoctorate?" Brent asked.
"Beauty needs no use," Drew said, his eyes on Grace despite the fact he was answering Brent.
Drew stood, smiled and said, "Well, Grace, I wish your Christmas to be very merry my dear. I'll see you next year. Nice to meet you Brent."
He didn't call me Miss Hawthorne, Grace thought to herself as she watched him leave. Brent was speaking to her but she only caught the tone, none of the meaning. She was too focused on watching Drew walk away. Interrupting Brent mid sentence she said, "I'm just going to the bathroom."
When she hit the bright fluorescent lighting of bathroom Grace realized she had no memory of how she got there. Her body went on autopilot. Standing at the rows of hand basins she stared in the wall length mirror.
Her cheeks were flushed, her chignon slightly mussed, her make-up faded but other than that she looked the same as when she arrived this evening.
But she wasn't the same.
The woman who arrived in her traditional green satin Christmas dress didn't spread her legs and come on the hand of a virtual stranger.
Who was this woman in the mirror?
* * * *
Drew hadn't intended for that to happen. Of course from the moment he'd seen the cool and calm Grace Hawthorne he'd wanted to ruffle her. But he'd planned on a bit more of a subtle chase than sticking his fingers in her wet snatch at the Christmas party.
It was her eyes that did it. They made him do it.
They were grey and far more expressive than she intended them to be. She'd strictly schooled the rest of her features. Outwardly she was perfectly measured and composed, except for the banked passion in those eyes. What he saw there he wanted to release and then tame.
He wanted to tame her.
He leant up against the wall and watched her with herboyfriend.
What a dick.
Doctor Dick. That fool had no idea what he held. No appreciation. It was like handing a thick necked beer drinking footballer fine French wine. He'd drink it, but never, never appreciate the quality he held in his oafish hands.
And Grace was quality. She was passion wrapped in ice, waiting to be broken free.
It was hard to walk away. He'd wanted to back her up against the wall lift all those petticoats and make her scream. Drive his cock into her over and over. Dirty that perfect Ice Queen façade.
A hand brushed over the erection pushing against the zip of his linen pants.
"My, my, what have we here? A present all wrapped up for me?"
"I'm not so hard up that I need you just yet Jules."
The young and impossibly pretty gay man laughed and gave Drew's cock a friendly squeeze. "So who made this?" He craned his neck and looked out over the crowd, pausing when he noticed Grace. "Aaah our new American Ice Princess. I was wondering when you'd notice her."
"I noticed."
"SoInoticed," Jules said with a pointed glance at Drew's crotch. "Who's the hunk-a-hunk with her?"
"Herboyfriend. Dr Dick."
"Seriously? Oooh I'd love a prescription from Dr Dick!" Jules gave a dramatic shudder which made Drew laugh. Jules was nothing if not entertaining.
"No he's Dr. Brent Sutcliffe and he's a dick."
"So she's taken then."
"Involved, but not taken I think."
Jules snorted. "Trustyouto make that distinction. "
Jules moved to lean his back against the wall beside Drew. "She's a cool one my friend, I think she'll be hard to catch. I'm not sure even you're up to it."
Looking over at Grace Drew nodded, agreeing. Even though he still had the smell of her desire on his fingers. He might've hooked her tonight, but he knew she was in no sense caught.
Jules made an odd sound that made him turn to look at him. Jules was leaning closer and looking at him with an intensity that made Drew uneasy. "What?" he asked.
"I think she could be the one that makes you fall."
"Fall?"
Fall? Unlikely. More like those grey eyes would suck him in. Trap him.
Jules turned so that his shoulder rested on the wall and he was facing Drew front on, "Very interesting. Quite Freudian really, I saidfail, not fall."
"I don't think I'm in any danger of doing either."
"Whatever you say," Jules said with another laugh.
"So, it's been great Jules but I'm off now."
"Places to go, people to do?"
Drew looked down at the erection pushing against his fly. "I've got to find something to do with this."
He walked away with a smile as he heard Jules'smuttered, "I've got somewhere for you to put it."
* * * *
After she came back from the bathroom Grace immediately asked Brent if they could leave. She couldn't stand to be here a moment longer, the weight of what she'd done was suffocating—even heavier that the Satin dress.
Of course despite her pleading a headache Brent wouldn't leave until he'd done the rounds, thanking the appropriate people. He was just as much a slave to convention as Grace.
Maybe that's why they were together.
Why was she cataloging reasons they were together? She shoved the reasons and the question to the back of her mind and slammed the mental cage door.
Brent came back to her and took her hand, immediately she contrasted the thick digits with Drew's long graceful fingers.
Stop it.
She must have grimaced because Brent apologized for the delay and helped her to her feet. Brent was not big on apologies. Sure he spouted the words but they were rarely genuine. Looking into his truly concerned hazel gaze she felt a well deserved stab of guilt.
"Are you alright Grace?" Brent placed his palm on her head, feeling her temperature.
"I'm fine. Fine really. I just want to go home. I think it's the heat."
Brent nodded, placing a hand on her lower back he shepherded her through the crowd. When they were at the doors leading up to the hotel foyer Brent cursed. "Damn it! I left the car keys on the table. Will you be alright waiting here?"
Grace nodded and moved away from the doors, wanting to be out of the light. A light was a beacon to insects. Australian insects attacked with ferocity. She stood near the garden path that ran down the side of the building. It was darker, lit only by a sparse row of low garden lights. Grateful for the darkness, she sighed out loud. She wanted to stay out of sight and be alone with her guilty thoughts.
What had she done?
She heard a moan and gasp and without thinking looked to her left. Down the garden path she saw two figures locked in an intimate embrace against the wall. A man in a white shirt was pushed up against a dark haired woman. She had one leg hooked around his waist and her red floral skirt was rucked up over her hips. In the low light Grace could see pale naked skin. She obviously didn't feel the need to wear traditional Christmas underwear. The man's hand cupped her butt, long fingers splayed on the rounded flesh.
The woman moaned again and she heard the man's deep low laugh in response. A sound she'd heard before.
It was Drew Maxwell.
The realization made her gasp, too slow she brought her hand up to muffle the sound. It wasn't enough, he'd heard and she stood frozen in shock as his face turned. The low light wasn't enough to mask the glint of his eyes. He saw her.
She watched him. He pushed the woman's leg down and turned her to face the wall, all the while watching Grace. The woman had her palms on the wall, her forehead resting on the smooth stucco. With a tug so hard it made Grace gasp Drew pulled the woman's hips back. With a hand to the small of her back he made her flatten out, pushing until her legs spread wide and her torso was almost parallel with the ground. She lowered her head, spilling her hair down like a black silk curtain, it was long, so long it almost touched the ground. She pushed against the wall and spread her hands wide for balance.
The clink of metal told her he was unbuckling his belt. She found the sound as erotic as the scene. Grace watched his pants fall open over his hips to reveal his penis. Plum tipped it poked up from under his linen shirt. They watched each other. Drew looking at her as Grace intently watched his hand run up and down the wet tipped shaft. Grace tightened her legs, locking them together to stem the throb of her swollen sex.
After a few slow strokes she watched him sheath his cock in a condom. The sight of him rolling the thin latex over his cock had Grace clenching her thighs in anticipation. With one hand on the woman's lower back and the other on the root of his cock he guided his shaft inside her. The woman let out a deep guttural sound of pleasure. Grace felt her nipples tighten and her pussy flood. She watched his hips move in slow deep thrusts. Without intent she found herself rocking in time with his thrusts, as if he was filling her.
She wanted him to fill her.
"Grace. Grace Grace!"
She snapped her head around when she finally heard him. Brent was standing in the light, near the doors that led up to the foyer. He was shaking his head and holding up the car keys that dangled from his right hand.
"Are you coming?"
She nodded and started to move forward as she heard the wailing sounds of what sounded like an orgasm coming from her left. She didn't look over. Couldn't. Not while Brent looked on.
The foyer, the valet, the drive home all melded into a blur. The sound of Brent's key in the front door surprised her as she hadn't even realized they were home. Nothing had registered since she looked down the path.
Before tonight, if asked, Grace would have said that she had a good sex life. Nothing that matched the intensity of romantic films and popular literature, but still quite satisfying. It ran to a predictable pattern that she found comforting. The nights that Brent would stay at her house they would have sex, Brent would initiate after they'd bathed and readied for bed. The signal to start was a hand to her butt that pulled her hips closer to him in bed. She would nestle for a moment against his erection and then turn to him and they'd kiss. She'd roll over on her back and he would enter her. She usually came, not during actual sex but after when Brent would rub her clitoris. Short, sharp orgasms she'd thought to be quite satisfying. But she'd never wailed, never issued a sound like the woman on the garden path.
Never been taken against a wall. Never been taken from behind.
After Brent locked the door behind her she turned to him and pushed him against the wall. He fell back with a surprised yelp. She pulled his head down and captured his mouth in a grinding kiss.
"What Grace? What are you doing?" he spoke against her mouth. She ignored him, instead flattening her palm against his crotch. He wasn't hard, but he wasn't altogether soft either. She curled her fingers around his penis and milked it into hardness. When he was stiff she unbuckled his belt, the sound of metal spurring her on, making her think of Drew and the path. She pulled down his zip. Moving like she was possessed, she turned to face the opposite wall, shoving her hands under her dress she removed her panties. Rucking up her skirt she leant forward and splayed her hands on the wall, just like the woman on the path. She looked back over her shoulder at Brent's startled face. He was looking down at her bared ass shocked, as it he'd never before seen it.
She spread her legs wider and pushed her butt out at him.
"Please," she said rocking her bare bottom back towards his bobbing cock.
He took the hint and entered her. His hands went to her hips, the fingers digging in with each thrust. He did it wrong, not deep enough, not long enough. She tried to move her hips in the rhythm she needed but he took over, frantically thrusting like a rutting animal. Needing so desperately to come she took one hand off the wall and brought it down to her clit. She circled the swollen nub as Brent cried out hard and came inside her. It was too fast and too little. With her finger making the strokes that Brent would not she brought herself to orgasm, clenching hard around his softening cock.
She felt him slide out of her and pull her dress back down over her ass. He didn't speak. He didn't touch her again. She stayed leaning against the wall as he left. Her chest heaved, she was wet with sweat. The heavy green satin had darkened in a v between her breasts. Panting hard with her cheek pressed to the plasterboard she heard a door open and close and the shower turn on.
While he was showering she went into the kitchen and poured herself a glass of water. The house they were renting was old; the plumbing creaked and groaned so she knew when he had turned off the shower. Sure that the bathroom would be empty she went in, bathed, and conducted her usual nightly routine.
He was in bed laying in darkness when she entered. He said nothing. Lay still on his side of the bed. She pulled back the covers lay down on her back and waited. Still he said nothing and it wasn't long before she heard the soft snuffle of his sleeping snore.
He was asleep as if it hadn't happened. As if he hadn't just fucked her against a wall. If he could pretend, then so could she. Grace rolled over on her side facing the other wall. As she closed her eyes she thought of Drew, of imagining him guiding his cock into her instead of the red skirted woman. She slipped her hand down her stomach and to her clit. She played with the swollen nub before moving down to finger open the sticky lips of her cunt and dipping her fingers inside. She pushed one, two and three fingers deep and felt the muscles of her vagina snap tight.
Orgasm came quickly. Sharp and intense. She bit down on her lip and rode out the sensations.
She wiped her fingers on her stomach and breathed deep, letting sleep take her hoping to dream of Drew.
* * * *
The University where Grace worked closed between Christmas Eve and New Year's Day. As Brent didn't have to work either they booked a hotel north of Cairns in a resort town called Port Douglas. For nine days they toured the local sights, ate too much and baked in the sun. It was a luxurious postcard perfect holiday that should have pleased her, but didn't. Rather than feeling relaxed she felt stagnant, resentful and restless.
It wasn't until the fourth night at the hotel that Brent initiated sex. It was the first time since the Christmas party. When he reached over and tugged her back against his erection she felt both relief and disappointment. While she'd feared a discussion of the hallway sex, she realized at the point he pushed his cock against her back that she'd also been craving it—hoping that it may have opened up a need in Brent as it had in her.
It obviously hadn't.
Their sex that night and for the next four nights of their hotel stay went exactlylike theusual routine. While Brent pumped away on top of her Grace thought of Drew. His wicked voice, his long fingers and the slippery desperate need he'd awakened in her. She closed her eyes and tried to imagine Brent's fingers as Drew's, but the thick fingered fumbling of Brent was no replacement for the slick nimble touch of Drew Maxwell. After only a few minutes she gave up and faked an orgasm. Fake orgasms quickly became a part of her sexual routine. It appeared that Drew Maxwell had ruined her ability to come in Brent's bed.
What would happen when she saw him next? Did she want something to happen?
She'd never thought herself the type to have an affair. Those kinds of people were oversexed and illogical. Not like her. Why would anyone risk a long term stable relationship for mere sex? She'd never thought sex to be that important. To her it was simply a bodily function like any other, as such she'd found societal obsession with it quite baffling.
Not now. Now she understood.
She too was obsessed with sex. It filled her every waking thought and simmered in her dreams. She masturbated like a teenager. The shower massager had become an intimate friend. She'd thought of nothing other than sex and Drew Maxwell since the Christmas party.
She'd dressed with great care on her first day back to work, in anticipation of seeing him.
One, two, three days past without a glimpse of Drew.
The office was barren; as the next academic year didn't start until late February. She discovered most of the staff were on holiday. Grace spent her first week back not only without Drew but as the only working staff member in the Department.
The International Office was located in the basement of the Administration building. The halls hummed with the labored pulse of the building air-conditioning unit which was in a plant room at the end of the hall. Constructed in the mid 1960s when odd shaped public buildings were de rigueur, the Administration building was a bloated oblong that apparently was supposed to resemble a sailing ship. As much as she looked she could not see it. In tune with the nautical theme her tiny office had impractical rounded corners and only one high porthole shaped window that let in negligible light. It was dark, dank and cavernous; a stark contrast to outside where it felt like the sun was 10 feet away.
The time alone was useful. Not only for giving herself the resolve to banish thoughts of an affair with Drew Maxwell, but also to learn her job as coordinator for visiting American students. The university had an academic exchange program with ten different United States Colleges. Her job was to liaise with those institutions and act as a counselor for the exchange students. When the academic year started in late February she would have 300 students to supervise and two part time staff to help.
Slowly over January staff began to return. The first of which was Jules Starling, the office receptionist. Jules was a font of information, both procedural and gossip. She found herself gravitating to him, which was odd because his vibrant personality was not one with which she would usually click. She put it down to proximity and also to Jules relentless good cheer. He was truly irrepressible and even if she put her mind to disliking him Grace wasn't sure Jules would let her actually do it.
"Ooh, grey today. Matches the eyes."
Jules made a habit of stopping by her office every morning to comment on her dress choice. As he usually brought good coffee with the fashion commentary Grace didn't complain. Despite the relaxed dress standards of her colleagues Grace had been unable to break out of the habitual need to wear suits to work. Jules, himself a slave to fashion, had decided that Grace was his kindred spirit—his fashion twin—she knew this because he declared it in a loud voice on his second day back.
"Stockings?"
Grace swiveled her chair and stuck a leg out from behind her desk so Jules could see her hosiery. He placed the steaming mug on her desk and reached over to run a hand up her calf. "Mmmm, silky,' Jules purred.
Grace was laughing and Jules was still bent with his hand wrapped around her calf when she heardthatvoice.
"What have we here? Do you covet the shoes Jules or has the lovely Miss Hawthorne convinced you to switch teams?"
Drew's voice made her jump, she shifted in her seat as if to stand but Jules had a firm grasp of her ankle and wouldn't let her move. Rather than be embarrassed about being found caressing her leg, Jules played it up. Moving into a crouch he held her ankle up as if to present it to Drew and with his other hand slowly ran it up her leg until it rested just below the elastic band of her stay up stockings. Something electric passed between the two men with her as a conduit. An undercurrent that was palpable if not easily understood.
"You're back," Grace said in an overly friendly tone, trying to dispel the tension. She sat upright and gently removed Jules's hand from her leg.
"Yes," Drew replied, his ice blue eyes following Jules as he moved up from his crouch to sit in one of the guest chairs. In a childish move Jules deliberately bumped his shoulder into Drew as his passed. Rather than frown or retaliate Drew surprised her with a quick and affectionate laugh.
"Did you spend Christmas with family?' Grace asked to make polite small talk, hoping in a way to reset their relationship. Making it seem as if she couldn't recall that the man standing in front of her had pressed his fingers inside her when she was slippery and wet.
"No family," he said as he sat in the other guest chair beside Jules. "How about you, did you enjoy Christmas with yourboyfriend?"
"Dr. Dick?" Jules asked with an angelic face.
"Doctorwhat!"
"Dr. Dick." Jules looked back and forth between a shocked Grace and Drew. "Isn't that your boyfriend's name? Drew told me it was."
"Really?" Grace turned her head to look at Drew who didn't look at all flustered; he was looking at Jules with an amused half smile.
"Oh no silly boy. You must be confused with whatyouasked Santa for Christmas Jules. Boyfriend's name is Brent. Dr Brent Sutcliffe. Isn't that right Miss Hawthorne?"
Jules leaned towards Drew and gave a deliberate and measured look at his crotch. "No Drew darling, you misheard. I asked Santa for aBigDick, notDoctorDick."
Grace sat back and watched the interaction with curiosity. It was like a kind of smutty fighting. Drew didn't seem averse to Jules's obvious interest, not like any other heterosexual man she knew. Not like Brent. He avoided homosexual men as if he was afraid their sexuality might be contagious. No way would he ever sit and comfortably play flirting verbal games with someone like Jules.
"So did the good doctor get you everything you wanted for Christmas?" Drew asked.
Grace couldn't help the flush that rose at Drew's tone. It was blatantly sexual. Maybe just to her because when she flicked her eyes to check what Jules was thinking he didn't even raise an eyebrow.
"Yes Gracie whatdidyou get for Christmas? You haven't told me," Jules said, standing up and making his way to the door.
"Oh, well we went to Port Douglas. The holiday was present enough."
"No present?" Jules said as he leant against the doorframe, "You're right Drew. Boyfriend is Dr. Dick. See you for lunch Gracie." He gave a quick wave. " And you Drew Maxwell," he said with a dramatic flourish at the man in question , "can see me anytime you want."
Drew chuckled, "I know where to find you."
"You're alright with that?" Grace asked when she was sure that Jules was safely out of earshot.
"OK with what? Jules? Why do you ask? You seemed quite friendly with him yourself."
"With his teasing. About you know…" she let the sentence trail off, hoping he gott the meaning.
"Withyou know? Do you mean sex Miss Hawthorne? That Jules wants to fuck me?"
Grace gasped at his bluntness and brought a hand up to her mouth in shock.
His mouth curled up in a lilting half smile that seemed to match his melodic burr, "I'm not concerned by it. Are you? Does it bother you because you want to fuck me too?"
"No. No I don't….You can't…It doesn't bother me…because…I…"
"I know," he said, lifting the other side of his mouth, turning the half smile into a full smirk, "It doesn't bother you because you want to watch."
She turned away from his intense ice blue gaze. Grace had never before thought of two men together as erotic—never before really thought about two men sexually at all. Where would she even start? The shocking image of Drew and Jules locked in an embrace filled her mind. She saw the garden path but this time it was Jules bent over, his blond hair falling over his eyes, his mouth open, moaning and Drew behind him, thrusting. Her nipples tightened to hard points and a rush of heat settled to throb between her legs.
Her phone rang. The sound shocking her out of her fantasy. Before she could reach over to answer it Drew placed his hand over hers. "It's Jules," he said. "Check the extension." She looked down to see Jules's extension flashing on the screen. "Let it go to voice mail. I don't think you want to talk to him now. Not the way you've just been picturing him." Drew silenced the phone by pressing a button and diverting the call to voicemail.
"I haven't…I wasn't." She was babbling again.
He settled back down in the guest chair and said, "Yes you have and yes you were. Tell me. Tell me what you saw."
His voice was seductively low. Compelling.
She shouldn't. She didn't have to, but for some reason she did. "The garden path…I saw you like you were with that woman on the garden path, but with Jules instead."
"And did it turn you on? Are you wet?"
She nodded.
"Good. So, you like to watch. And you've got a homoerotic kink. Still waters run deep don't they Miss Hawthorne? I wonder what else we'll discover about you."
He stood from his chair and Grace saw that was not as unaffected by her confession as his cool façade portrayed. Behind the zip of his black jeans was the definite bulge of an erection. She waited, holding her breath to see what he would do next, say next... but he said nothing. He just left. Left her sitting with panties damp and clit throbbing. For the first time in her life Grace was considering masturbating at work.
* * * *
It was difficult to leave her like that—cheeks rosy, eyes glowing with newly discovered lust. She was untamed heat, unreleased passion. A sexual diamond in the rough. For a man like him, the kind of man who loved the challenge of unpolished lust she was a rare find. An intoxicating mix of base desire, naivety and class.
And Jules. Another surprise. Finding him cradling her foot like a devoted neophyte. Need kindling in those vulnerable doe brown eyes of his. Had Jules ever even been with a woman?
Drew shared an office with two others. A large room divided into a meeting area and three offices divided by three quarter walls. Sharla saw him enter and moved over for a kiss. She pressed her ample chest against him, rolling her hips into his in obvious invitation. He pulled away before she could add tongue. Sharla called herself try-sexual—as in if it were sex she'd try it. She was a lush divorcee in her early forties and completely devoid of shame which made her an adventurous lover. Drew had scratched a need with her before, but he wasn't interested right now. Right now he wanted a naïve blonde with cool grey eyes.
The other staff member they shared office space with was still on holiday. Lucy wouldn't be back until after term began.
"Not interested Drew?" Sharla asked without a hint of jealousy. Sharla offered but never stressed if she was turned down. To her there was no reason to sulk as there was always another man, woman or toy to play with.
"No thanks Sharla."
"Do you have another game set up already? I haven't seen the pool."
He shook his head at the thought of that damn pool. Each year the staff loved to bet on his conquests. They called the game 'catch and release' as if he was some kind of sexual fisherman. The pool was organized by Richard Drake, but Drew had his suspicions that it was Jules who provided all the information. Since the arrival of Jules three years ago the pool had become much more astute. Before that they hardly caught half his actual conquests.
"No game Sharla."
"New Year's Resolution?"
"Something like that."
She made a dismissive snort like noise and said, "I'm off to see Nancy at Medicine. I won't be back until this afternoon."
Drew nodded and moved to his office. His next trip wasn't until March but he had some reading to catch up on. He opened his email to find yet another request from Professor Daniels for him to return to lecturing this year. He replied with a simpleNo.
No explanation, he wouldn't, he couldn't lecture again—couldn't even think about it. If he did…
"Why so glum?"
Drew looked up to see the pretty face of Jules Starling peering around his cubicle wall. He met his boyish eyes and said, "Not glum Jules. Thinking. You might want to try it some time."
"If you say so. But I don't see the appeal, it might give me wrinkles."
Drew couldn't help an indulgent smile; Jules was far too charming to resist. Resting his chin on his hand he asked, "Did you want something Jules?"
"Ooh such an open ended question. You should know better than that!"
Without waiting for an invitation Jules entered his office pushed the books from his guest chair and sat down.
"Why are you here?" Drew asked.
"What are you doing with Gracie?'
He laughed not because Jules asked, but because he looked so earnest and young defending Miss Hawthorne's honor. "Jules, I think the real question is what you thinkyou'redoing with the lovely Miss Hawthorne?"
The young man flushed bright red—confirming Drew's suspicions that Jules was indeed experiencing new and strange feelings for Grace.
"Have you kissed her?" Jules blurted out the question. It exploded from him like an eruption.
"No, I haven'tkissedher," Drew said truthfully. He'd felt her come around his fingers but he'd never touched his lips to hers. He didn't kiss. Not conquests, kissing was too intimate a connection.
It was interesting that Jules was so focused on kissing. Not fucking, but kissing. He wondered…
"Do you want to kiss her Jules?"
Jules deer eyes widened and he nodded.
Interesting.
"Have you ever kissed a woman?" Drew asked.
Jules shook his head and looked down somewhat shame faced.
"It's different to a man. They're softer. Smoother. They smell different, taste different."
"You've kissed a man?" The look of shocked wanting on Jules's face turned Drew on. Sheer unbridled lust on such a young face gave him an unparalleled high.
"Yes, I have."
"Will you kiss me?" his voice was soft, yearning. It spoke to Drew, to the part of him that liked to control—to dominate.
"Maybe. If you'll do something for me."
"What?"
Right now Drew was reasonably sure there wasn't much that Jules wouldn't do to taste his mouth. It was a heady rush of power that he was sorely tempted to abuse.
Anything.
He could get this beautiful boy to do anything. He tamped down the feeling, denying the need to test his limits and instead asked for what he'd wanted when he first posed the question. "I want Grace left out of the catch and release pool."
"What?" Jules flushed deep red, he stammered, "I don't have anything to do with that, it's all Drake."
"Drake draws it up but you're the information source."
The young man shook his head again and Drew raised a hand to cut him off before he could voice another denial, "You do. I'm not angry Jules so there's no need to deny it. All I want is that you keep Miss Hawthorne's name out of this year's catch. If Drake has any questions you'll just put him off."
"And you'll kiss me."
"Yes. I'll kiss you."
"Now?" Jules licked his lips. His pink tongue darted out in a nervous swipe of his lips. An action of which he was most likely completely unaware. Lust uncurled in Drew's stomach like a hot lick of fire. While he wore his sexuality in blatant Technicolor Drew had no doubt that Jules was mostly innocent. He had an air of delicious unsullied freshness. Drew found himself suddenly wanting to taste that freshness.
"Promise me and I'll kiss you now."
Jules nodded and tilted his head expectantly.
"No. I want to hear the words."
"I promise. I'll make sure that Grace is kept out of the catch and release pool."
"Good."
Drew stood, unfolding himself from the chair with deliberate calm. He kept his eyes on Jules in the couple of short steps it took to reach him across the cubicle. The young man made a move to stand but Drew stopped him with a heavy hand on his shoulder. Jules shuddered under his palm and when he met Drew's gaze he could see with certainty how his commanding touch affected him.
It had been a long time since he'd kissed another man. If you could even call the young beauty beneath his hands a man—more boy than man. He cupped Jules' chin, skin so soft it carried only the lightest sheen of silky stubble. Drew traced his thumb across his lower lip and felt the boy shudder at his touch. He leaned into him. Jules' eyelids fluttered shut, such a naively romantic move that it made Drew smile.
He wanted to make this special Drew realized as he leaned closer. He wanted to make this the best kiss that Jules had ever had.
Would ever have.
He wanted Jules to think of this kiss the next time he took his cock in hand. The thought of Jules thinking about him and masturbating sent a shaft of heat straight to Drew's hardening dick.
"Please," Jules pleaded with eyes shut tight.
"Yes," Drew said just before he swept his tongue across the boy's full lower lip. Jules' mouth opened up at the touch and Drew took the invitation. He brushed his tongue lightly at first, teasing until he heard Jules' desperate whimper then he cupped his hand at the back of Jules' neck and took his mouth hard.
Kissed him like a man—hungry, hard and in total control.
In control until Jules shifted his hand to his basket and lightly brushed fingertips across his erection. Just that flickering touch made Drew snap. He pulled Jules up out of the chair and crushed the young man to him. Jules writhed into him, bumping his erection against Drew's in a rhythmic circle action. Each electric touch of Jules' dick pulsed through him. Fuck, it felt good.
So good.
He had to end this.End it now or push the boy down to suck his cock.
That thought snapped Drew back to reality. This was supposed to be just a kiss. A kiss that he had control of—but he'd lost control. He needed to take it back. Drew pulled back, just enough to tease. Holding Jules at arms length, close enough to kiss but far enough away from those amazing writhing hips. Drew kissed, he licked and sucked at those full soft lips until Jules was panting with need.
And then.
And then he pulled away and smiled at the young man's desperate face as if he hadn't a care in the world. As if the kiss had meant nothing.
Drew cleared his throat and said with deliberate calm, "So we have a deal. You keep Miss Hawthorne out of the catch and release pool."
"Yes," Jules said in a shaky voice, sounding fragile and young.
Too young.
"Great." Drew nodded and moved back to sit at his desk. "If there's nothing else—I need to catch up on my email—you should go," he said not even bothering to look up at Jules. He couldn't. He couldn't meet those devastating eyes.
What was it lately with eyes? Grace's cool grey and Jules Bambi brown—they were shredding his sanity. Not that he had a lot anyway—not since…
Fuck!There he was thinking about that again.
He brought a hand up and raked it through his hair. He couldn't think about it. Couldn't lose control and feel it all again. The first email he opened was about his next trip overseas. Two months away. He could last two months. He'd just have to be careful around those eyes.
* * * *
Jules Starling still had his fingers on his lips when he returned to the reception desk. For the whole walk back from Drew's office—up two flights of stairs—he'd been unable to stop touching them. He sat, for how long he wasn't sure, just pressing his fingers against the tingling skin.
That kiss.
Better than sex. Better than any sex that he'd had anyway. If he kissed like that what would sex be like? What would Drew Maxwell pushing inside him be like? And just like that Jules was rock hard again. He shifted on his chair and pulled at the waistband of his jeans, trying to find a position that didn't feel like his balls were strangling.
"Jules, do you think you could give me a lift home today please? Brent is working late and I'd rather avoid the bus if I could."
Jules looked up to see the cool grey eyes of Grace Hawthorne looking at him from across his desk. She had her elegant hands linked together on the high top and had her beautiful chin resting on top of them.
She tilted her head and asked in a soft voice, "Are you alright?"
It was her softness that Jules most liked about Grace. She had a gentle way about her. She didn't rush or shout like so many others he knew. She wasn't obvious. She was subtle and cool. The coolness drew Jules, unlike any woman ever before. Women had never been on his radar—never before Grace anyway.
She repeated her question, "Are you OK?"
He nodded and touched his fingers again to his lips.
"Don't worry about the lift Jules. I'll be fine to take the bus. It's no issue, really," Grace said as she stood tall, squaring her shoulders and looking like the unaffected Ice Queen that Jules had come to quickly adore.
"After I drive you home can I stay?"
"Stay?" She tilted her head and looked perplexed. Jules wanted so desperately for her to say yes that he suddenly found himself nervous.
"For a drink…ummm and a talk?"
The shy little smile that slowly revealed itself was just gorgeous. Serenely beautiful.
Grace Kelly—that's who she is, Jules thought.
"Yes of course. I'd like that. I'd really like that Jules." She reached across the reception desk and took his hand in hers. Those beautiful cool fingers were wrapped around his when over her shoulder he saw Drew Maxwell. He stood at the entry way looking at their entwined hands.
What is he thinking?
Jules watched his eyes flick between him and Grace. Over and over and then he gave a brief shake of his head and left.
What did that mean? Was it him or Grace that made him shake his head? Or was it the sight of both of them that rattled the great Drew Maxwell?
Jules had seen the way Drew watched Grace. Like a big cat watching prey—biding his time, sleek and ready to pounce. It was obvious that Drew wanted Grace. Obvious to Jules anyway, because of the way that he watched Drew. In the last three years of working at the University Jules had perfected the sport of watching Drew Maxwell.
He prided himself on knowing his every move, but he'd been shocked in Drew's office. Shocked by that kiss.
Maybe Drew too had been shocked?
* * * *
"Take down your hair."
Grace put her hand up to the ponytail she'd gathered her hair into after work and shook her head. "It's too hot Jules."
"Come on! I want to see it. It's always up. I was hoping when you went into the bathroom before you were going to let it all down. Come on Rapunzel. Do it. For me.Please." Jules had such a sweet face that it was difficult to deny him anything. From the cheeky grin he wore Grace was pretty sure he knew it too.
"Fine," Grace conceded, removing the elastic band and standing to shake out her hair. She fluffed it out with her hands and was about to make a pithy comment when she was struck dumb by the look on Jules' face.
It was such aman'slook.
Not that Jules wasn't a man. He was—of course he was—but she hadn't really thought of him that way. Not in the way that a woman thinks of a man. He was sprawled in one of the deck chairs, legs spread, a beer in hand watching her in almost predatory male way.
No, he couldn't be, Grace argued with herself. She was being crazy. Jules was gay. Openly so—a gay man wouldn't want her. He was just looking, that's all. Just looking. It was when she heard the incoming message chirp of her Blackberry that she realized that she was still standing on the verandah staring at him—with him still looking at her—and she wasn't sure how long it had been.
She entered through the French doors to the kitchen where her Blackberry was sitting on the bench. She took it out of the leather pouch and scrolled down the screen to another 'working late' text from Brent. There'd been quite a few of those since their Christmas break. Despite the fact that they were now living together Grace found herself with more time on her hands than she'd had back in Connecticut.
Before placing the Blackberry back in the leather pouch and slipping it in the pocket of her khaki shorts, Grace arched her back and sighed. What was worse, she wondered, that it seemed Brent was avoiding her, or that she didn't seem to care?
"Do you want another beer?" Grace called out to Jules in a way that would've mortified her mother.A Hostess does not shout drinks—Grace could hear the clipped tones play in her head.
"Yeah thanks love," came the equally casual call out from the verandah.
After refilling her wineglass and uncapping another beer for Jules she walked back through the French doors to the verandah. One of Jules' sunny smiles went a long way towards making her feel better. She was glad that he'd asked to come in for a drink. Without him, she realized that she would've been quite desperately lonely.
Lonely.
How odd for a woman who prided herself on isolation.
"Why so sad sweetpea?" Jules asked as she sat down in the Adirondack beside him.
"Not sad—just thinking."
"You're the second person to say that to me today."
"Really?" Grace said, folding her legs under her and turning in the chair to face Jules. She took a sip of her wine and placed the glass on the wide wooded arm of the deck chair and asked, "Who was the other?"
"Drew Maxwell."
"Drew," Grace said slowly, "What's his story?"
"What do you mean?"
"Well he's got a doctorate doesn't he? In English Literature. You'd think he'd be teaching—not recruiting students."
"I know that the Head of School is always asking him to teach but he won't."
"Why?"
"I don't know. Why don't you ask him?"
Grace felt herself flush red. A burning sensation that crept up her chest to her hairline. Jules locked his big brown eyes on her and asked, "What's with the blush Grace? Have you and Drew been naughty?"
Is coming on his hand naughty?Grace wanted to ask but instead she shook her head and said abruptly, "No!"
"Good," Jules said and took a swig of his beer. "He's a heartbreaker. Don't get involved with him. He doesn't stick. He's got a new woman every couple of months."
"Really?"
"Yes, really. Gracie honey, he's not for you. Anyway you've got your gorgeous doctor so you don't need Drew."
From the pocket of her shorts Grace's Blackberry sounded another message.
Sleeping in on-call room. Not home tonight.
Reading Brent's message she was again neither surprised nor disappointed.
"Bad Message?" Jules asked, leaning closer and touching a comforting hand to her arm.
"No. It's just that Brent won't be home tonight."
"So I can stay!" Jules' face broke out in another of those devastatingly cute grins.
To her surprise Grace found herself nodding—agreeing before she'd even thought about it. She never did that. She pondered, thought through consequences and all possible ramifications of all decisions. She never instantly agreed to anything—anything other than Jules Starling—or Drew Maxwell— it seemed.
"Sleep over!" Jules said pumping a fist in the air. "Chick flicks, junk food and gossip! It'll be totally awesome!"
"What about clothes?"
"I'll wear yours," Jules said and then broke into raucous laughter. "Oh your face Gracie. Your face…" he spluttered between laughter. "Honey, I'm not gonna dress in your intimates. I was just playing with you. I've got a spare shirt in the car and I'll just sleep in my boxers."
"Oh good," Grace said. Her face still burning red from the idea of Jules in her clothes.
"You are such an innocent aren't you?"
"And you're such amanof the world?"
"Oooh she wounds," Jules said and brought a dramatic hand to his chest as if in pain, "I know I'm way more worldly than you honey."
"Really?" Grace infused all her Connecticut ice into that one word.
"Gracie, I love it when you get all Ice Queen on me. Oh, calm down. I can see your feathers are all ruffled honey and I know the perfect way to fix this."
"What?"
"Well, it is a sleep over so it's only fitting that we play games. And I have the perfect game."
"What?"
"It's called I never. Have you ever played it?"
Grace shook her head and in doing so found that she was a little light headed. More tipsy than drunk, but still alcohol affected in a way she hadn't been in years. It was the heat. It was easier to drink in the heat.
"Well, what we do is this. We each make a statement that starts with 'I never' and if the other person's done it they have to admit it and drink up."
"Like what?" Grace said, a little confused.
"Something like mmm, I've never given a blow job in public. If you've done that well then you drink." Jules looked at her pointedly and waited for a moment before saying, "Well?"
"Well what?"
"You either have to drink or say I never."
"Oh, OK then," Grace slowly brought her wine glass up to her lips and watched Jules' eyes bug out in shock and then when he actually gasped she said, "I never."
"Oh you filthy tease Gracie Hawthorne. You had me going there!" Jules slumped back in his chair and brought a hand up to his chest. "You almost gave me a heart attack."
"So have you?"
"Of course not, that's why I said I never."
"Oh, OK I get the game now. Is it my turn?"
Jules nodded and Grace thought for a moment before saying, "I've never had sex with a girl."
She watched Jules intently; he turned to face her and placed his beer down on the arm of his chair in a slow deliberate action. "Really?" she questioned, "Never. Not even a fumbling awful first time?"
Jules shook his head.
"Wow. OK, so what next worldly guy?"
Over the next couple of hours as they got progressively drunker Grace shared more with Jules than she had with anyone ever—even more than the Therapist her parents had forced upon her at sixteen. Grace had come to realize while in therapy that her parents had not sent her because they thought anything particularly wrong with her, they just didn't want to risk the possibility of her actually speaking to them.
Jules ordered a pizza after declaring that without food he could no longer continue. After they'd eaten Grace cleaned up and discarded the pizza box—even debauched and drunk she still could not shake her need to be tidy.
How proud her mother would be.
She returned to find Jules, shirt and shoes off and his legs sprawled out over the arms of the Adirondack chair. She paused at the doorway to look her fill. His chest was lean, but beautifully defined—golden skin stretched across young taut muscle. A line of dark honey hair trailed down from his belly button to the low waistband of his jeans. The first button was undone and she could see the black band of his boxers. Unaware of her perusal he brought a lazy hand down to scratch his belly. Seeing those long fingers move across the muscle made her mouth water and sent a spike of heat down to throb between her legs.
What was she doing? Ogling Jules? He was gay and ten years younger than her. What on earth was she thinking?
He looked back over his shoulder at her still standing in the doorway and shot her another of his devastating grins. He moved from his sprawl and sat up. Holding out his hand—the one that had been playing on his belly to her he said, "Come back Gracie, I've missed you."
Why did that make her heart skip?
On legs unsteady—more from lust than alcohol—she returned to the chair beside Jules and vowed to herself to stop both ogling and drinking. After she'd settled back into her chair he turned to her and with wicked sparkling eyes said, "Last one, I've never kissed a girl."
Resigned to her fate of already breaking her vow Grace brought her wine glass up to her lips and took a drink.
Jules squealed, a sound so high that the neighbor's dogs began to bark in protest. "I cannot believe it! Incredible. I must know everything. Tell me. Tell me now!"
Grace shrugged and said, "There's not much to tell really, it was a summer camp dare. It's a personal failing of mine that I can't back down from a dare. So I did it."
"Did you like it?"
"Not really. She had braces and they caught on my lip."
Jules winced and brought a hand up to his mouth.
"What about you? I understand the never having sex bit, but you've really never just kissed a girl?"
Jules shook his head.
"Have you ever wanted to?"
Jules went to shake his head again, but stopped mid shake, met her eyes briefly and then looked down and nodded. He looked so vulnerable that Grace leaned closer and placed her hand gently on his forearm. "You should have asked her. You're so gorgeous Jules, I'm sure she would have loved to kiss you."
"Really?" He looked up and breathed the word. That's when Grace realized how close she was to him, close enough to feel his warm breath on her lips. She ran her tongue across the bottom lip that was still tingling from the feeling of his breath and said, "Yes."
"Good," he said and before Grace had time to think his mouth was on hers. It was fumbling at first; he came in too fast and bumped hard against her bottom lip painfully pressing the soft flesh against her teeth. She thought that it might end like that but he mumbled an apology against her lips and trailed his tongue across the bruised skin before sucking it into his mouth.
She opened to him. Giving and taking.
He tasted malty, like beer. Beer, man and sex. She wanted. Wanted with an intensity that overtook her—overrode all conscious thought. She moved on instinct. Following a primal need to taste this man.
As her tongue slicked against his she felt aftershocks reverberate through her body. Her nipples, taut and aching, longed for the flick of his tongue, the feeling of his teeth. At the thought of him sucking her nipples she couldn't help the moan. It came from deep within; it rose up, surged through her body and erupted into his mouth. The sound seemed to fuel him; he speared his fingers into her hair and pulled her closer. She straddled the arms of the chair, moving across until she was over him, her knees astride his hips.
As his lips moved against hers she let loose her hands, running her fingers through the trail of burnt honey hair on his abdomen. His stomach muscles contracted under her fingers and he groaned into her mouth. When her fingers moved down to touch the hard shaft of his erection they both stopped. He shifted back up in the chair away from her and she moved her hands to grip the arms of the chair.
He was panting and looking up at her with a mixture of shock and lust that made him seem even younger than his twenty four years.
"Grace," his voice came out husky, lust tinged.
She went to shift her legs, move off his chair but he grabbed her arm and shook his head. So she stayed—stayed hovering over him on her knees, feeling like a fool. "I'm sorry Jules."
"I'm not. I'm a little freaked, but I'm not sorry. I wanted that."
"I wanted it too," Grace said, feeling ashamed and sickly predatory as she looked into his young and oh so vulnerable gaze.
Jules pulled her down until she was sitting on his lap. He moved his hand to her hair, tucking it behind her ear and crooned, "Don't. Don't feel bad Gracie. Please."
Grace curled into his lap and let her head fall down to his chest. As he spoke she felt the words rumble under her ear. "I've wanted to do that for some time now. I don't know why, but I just wanted to kiss you. Needed to kiss you. I'm glad you're my first."
"Me too."
"Can I stay the night?"
Startled by the question Grace sat up.
"Not to fuck Gracie. Just to lay with you. Cuddle maybe?"
He looked so sweet, so earnest that Grace felt she couldn't deny him that simple comfort. She nodded, stood and held out her hand. They didn't speak as she led him into the bedroom. She left him there and went through her nighttime bathroom ritual in a daze. When she got back to her room he was curled up on the bed, she lay down behind him and snuggled into his back. He pressed back against her until her breasts were pushed against him. She felt him sigh and she laid her arm around him and splayed her hand across his chest until she could feel the steady beat of his heart under her fingertips.
Only then, when he was deeply asleep beside her did she admit to herself that she wanted this as much as him.
-----------------------------------------------
Hope you enjoyed that, any and all comments appreciated. Ratings even more. Thanks for reading.
Darcy Sweet.