Gretchen stood at her dresser, staring at her underwear drawer. She couldn't believe that it had taken her this long to figure it out, but as she looked at her drawer she discovered she was very low on bras. For seven days in a row Petra had made her take off her underwear, and then kept it. While Gretchen still had underwear left, she was getting low on bras, at least on ones she liked to wear to work. She ended up selecting lacy demi-cup that was really only for hot dates, but it would be okay underneath the white blouse and grey skirt she planned on wearing. She picked out the panties that matched it and set them by her pile of clothes. She finished getting ready for work while still naked, getting dressed at the last minute.
The day seemed to drag on forever. Work, exercise, errands, it was all just killing time waiting for going to the movies with Petra, and see what she would make Gretchen do next. When she got home, she stripped naked, made herself some dinner and spent some time surfing. She was amazed by the comments guys had made about her postings. Most were extremely complementary, many asked for more, and more explicit poses. She laughed; it didn't seem to matter what you showed a guy, they would always come up with something more they want to see.
Finally, it was time to go meet Petra. She put back on the outfit she had worn to work and drove to the multiplex. Petra was already there, and had bought tickets to some period drama that had been out for a few weeks. It wouldn't have been Gretchen's first pick, but she hadn't seen it yet, so it was probably okay. They entered the theater, handed in their tickets and found their way to where the movie would be. They climbed the steps up to the very back row, where Petra picked out some seats. There were only about 5 other people in the theater.
"So, I have this little problem," Gretchen confided as they sat down, "I'm running out of underwear. You keep stealing it."
"Really? Out of underwear? Me, stealing?" Petra was grinning. "Well, maybe you should stop wearing it."
"Oh ha ha," Gretchen said sarcastically, "like I'm going to start going to work without underwear. Really, I need it back."
"Tell you what, you get to ten days, and we'll talk about how you get your underwear back." Petra didn't leave any room for arguing, so Gretchen let it slide. That was only two days, and she figured she could make it. They continued their girl talk until the movie started up. The previews had just finished and the opening credits were rolling when Petra leaned over to Gretchen.
"Unbutton your blouse," Petra whispered in her ear. Gretchen's heart started to race. She thought something like this might be coming. There were now a dozen other people in the theater. No one was near them and they were all facing away from her, but all they would have to do is turn around to see her. She found the idea frightening and fascinating at the same time. Slowly she reached up and undid the first couple buttons on her blouse, letting her lacy bra peek out.
"Unbutton it all the way," Petra urged. Slowly, because her hands weren't working so well, Gretchen undid all the buttons and untucked the blouse, fully exposing her lace covered breasts. Gretchen looked down and in the light from the screen her nipples were clearly visible as bumps in the flimsy fabric. "Nice bra," Petra whispered, "very sexy" They both giggled.
Gretchen sat like that for a while, until it started to feel normal, like she always opened her top at movie theaters. She knew that Petra would not let it stop there. "Give me you skirt," was the next command. Gretchen's mind raced at what she was going to do. The blouse was one thing. If she saw anyone turning she could just close it up. While no one would be able to see that she didn't have a skirt on, what if something happened, like a fire alarm? How would she explain only having panties from the waist down?
She laughed at herself, since she had never in her life been at a theater that had a fire. She knew she was just delaying the inevitable. She skootched forward, reached back, and undid the clasp and zipper of the skirt. Lifting her rear, she slid the skirt over her bare legs and off, before handing it to Petra. Petra set it on the seat on the other side of her.
"Hmmm, the panties are sexy too," Petra grinned as she whispered. Gretchen could feel herself getting flushed as she sat there with her underwear in plain view, lit by the silvery glow of the movie screen. After a short while Petra leaned over again. "You don't really need the blouse on do you, why don't you let me hold it." Gretchen was almost trembling as she slowly worked the white blouse down her tanned arms, and then handed it to Petra. She knew that this was beyond crazy. The stunts in the park and the photos at the museum had been crazy, but other than Petra and Tyler, no one had actually seen her. This was closer to her walk back from the beach with the transparent bikini, and she had almost fainted when she did that. She still had her underwear on, but she knew that Petra wouldn't let that last. She started clenching and releasing her thighs, trying to satisfy her arousal.
"I think you should give me the bra too," Petra whispered to her shortly. So this was it, she would be topless in a movie theater, with no way to hide if people turned around. Slowly she slid the straps down and off her arms, letting the cups fall away, almost exposing her nipples. She sat that way for over a minute trying to work up her courage. Finally, Petra leaned over and whispered again.
"Do it, remember I'm making you do this, you are not allowed to stop."
Somehow, those words pushed Gretchen over the edge, and gave her what she needed to finish. She slid the bra down off her breasts and onto her firm belly, she spun it around to unclasp it, and handed it to Petra, who put it with her other clothes. Gretchen was almost in a total panic. She was topless, and all her clothes were two seats away. If anything happened, there would be no way to explain this. At least in the art museum Petra had her "nudes with nudes" story. What would the story be now? It was insane. Her thighs were opening and closing rapidly now.
Finally, Petra asked her for her last piece of clothing. Slowly Gretchen peeled her panties down her thighs and handed them over. The feeling of her bare bottom on the seat gave her goose pimples. Her nipples were so hard they hurt, and although she didn't dare touch her crotch, she could see that she was swollen and wet. The feelings were exquisite.
She hadn't really been watching the movie, but looking at it now, she figured that there was less than 20 minutes left in the film. She started to get worried about when Petra would let her get dressed. If the lights came up, people would see her for sure, and would probably get in real trouble. Just the thought of it made her thighs open and close faster. Petra leaned over again.
"I know you want to. Go ahead," was all she said. One part of Gretchen rebelled at the thought, but Petra was right, she really wanted to. And she didn't have a lot of time to get it done, so she'd better get started. Her hand drifted down between her legs and along her bare sex. She closed her eyes and thought about how she must look. Naked, skin glowing in the light from the screen, hand moving quickly over her crotch, it was pushing all of her buttons. She lifted her feet up and put them on the seat in front of her, spreading her legs wide, and she really started to go at it. Her head was back, and her hips were thrusting into her hand.
Suddenly she reached out with her free hand and grabbed Petra's. Petra seemed surprised, but she returned the grasp. Gretchen just felt the need for human contact as she pushed herself over the edge. She squeezed her friend's hand hard, and felt Petra squeeze it back as the orgasm washed over her. And boy, was it a good one. Her whole body trembled and tensed as she snapped her thighs together and squeezed her crotch. She kept holding Petra's hands tight as the climax receded.
Once she had recovered, she looked at the screen and saw that the movie was wrapping up. She let go of Petra's hand, and asked for her clothes back. Petra whispered not yet. Soon Gretchen was pleading with her, but she didn't want to make very much noise, or people would look back. Finally, Petra reached over, grabbed Gretchen's bra and panties, and them put them in her purse! Gretchen was getting seriously worried now, that she was going to be caught. Petra gave her a grin, and stood up and left. The noise of her standing made a couple people turn around, causing Gretchen to duck quickly out of view. By the time she looked up, Petra was leaving the theater, and her skirt and blouse were several seats away. She scurried over, grabbed her blouse, and put it on without bothering to button it. She looked up and saw the end credits start to roll. The lights would come up any second. She grabbed her skirt, sat down, lifted both legs and pulled the skirt over her feet. The lights came up just as she lifted her butt to get the skirt up. People began to stand up, and a few looked back at her as she held her blouse together.
How was she going to get out of here? Neither her blouse nor skirt were fastened, and she couldn't very well fasten them with people standing around. She waited, hoping everyone would leave and she could fix her skirt and button her blouse, but before the room was empty, the cleaning staff came in. She swore under breath, and decided to make a break for it. Using one arm to hold the blouse closed over her chest, and another hand behind her holding her skirt together, she stood up and hurried out of the theater. The clean up people looked at her, but none of them said anything to her. As she walked in the hall, several people stared at her, and she saw Petra laughing. She ignored everything and rushed to the bathroom and into a stall. Once safely inside she managed to fix her skirt, and then button up her blouse. Several women gave her knowing looks as she came out of the stall, making her even more embarrassed. She went to find Petra.
"I can't believe you did that," she hissed, "I could have been caught!"
"Yeah, but you enjoyed it, didn't you?"
Gretchen knew she couldn't really deny it, so she just complained about the risk. Actually, now that she knew she was okay, it was seeming funny to her too, and she started to laugh with Petra. They decided to walk across the parking lot to a restaurant with a bar, and get a drink before calling it a night. As they walked up, Petra asked her to stop.
"I just want to fix your top, " she said, and she reached up and undid the top button on Gretchen's blouse. Gretchen was too shocked to move as her friend undid three buttons on her blouse. Gretchen looked around to see if anyone was watching. Petra pulled the blouse open a bit, showing enough of Gretchen's chest so that everyone would know she was braless. Her hands brushed against Gretchen's breasts slightly as she did this, causing Gretchen's nipples to harden and her pussy to throb slightly. Petra turned and walked to the bar, leaving Gretchen flustered and breathless.
Once they got inside, they sat at the bar and each had a glass of wine. The bartender was very attentive, enjoying the view he got down Gretchen's blouse, but Gretchen basically ignored him. She didn't want a repeat of the whole Tyler experience. The two girls talked for a while and Petra let Gretchen know that she didn't have a lot of time on Tuesday, but that she had a plan for them after dinner. Then she let Gretchen know that Wednesday night would be the big night. It would be ten days, and Petra said they should go out clubbing that night in celebration of Gretchen passing all ten tests. Part of Gretchen was excited that she had passed the test, but part of her was worried what would happen when it was over. So much had changed in the last week, she didn't know how she could go back.
They set up a time for Petra to pick up Gretchen the next day, paid their bill, and went back to their cars. At Petra's car they said good bye, and Gretchen hugged her friend. She told Petra how intense the night had been, and thanked her shyly. Petra hugged her back, and as she was letting go her hand drifted down Gretchen's back and across her butt. The sensation made Gretchen jump a little, and Petra pulled away. For a few awkward seconds neither of them knew what to say, until Petra just said goodbye, and jumped in her car.
Gretchen walked back to her car, enjoying the night breezes on her cleavage and blowing up her skirt along her shaved sex. She just felt so sexy, she loved the feeling. She pulled her skirt up as she drove home and absently played with her kitty the whole way there. Once in her apartment she stripped again, and went to bed dreaming about what would come next.