Carol & I have been dating the past few months & we have fooled around a lot, but her upbringing has prevented me from getting very far with her. Other than her accidental exposures, I have yet to see her pussy & she has yet to see my cock. Her mother had her on a strict curfew & every time I was making progress, the curfew got in the way of me succeeding. I knew if I had more time alone with her that I could wear her down, so I came up with a plan.
I set up a float trip on a small river where we would spend the weekend camping & floating. I knew the river was popular for wild parties and flashing but I didn't tell Carol. I was in hopes that with her wearing only her sexy bikini all day & possibly witnessing some wild activities combined with drinking, that maybe she would feel sexy & finally give in.
We arrived at the campground & set up our tent. After supper, we drank by the fire before turning in. It was hot out & Carol crawled onto the covers wearing a thin, white, wife beater T-shirt and small white cotton panties. She flipped the tent lights off as soon as she hit the covers.
The wine loosened her up & before long things began to heat up inside the tent. I had already stripped down to my boxers and we began kissing and hugging. It was not long before I removed her top and had my way with her tits.
I felt her hand squeeze my cock through my boxers but I wanted her to actually touch it directly tonight. She made no attempt to reach inside & it started to look just like any other night when we were together. I decided to push the limits! I slid my boxers off leaving me naked. To my disappointment, she never tried to touch it after that. I took her hand and kissed it gently before moving it down to rest on my cock. At first she didn't move but soon I felt her fingers start to caress it.
It was excessively dark inside the tent & try as I may, I couldn't see her hand on my cock, or even see her face as she felt it for the first time. I wished I could see her naked body too, but it was just too dark!
After some kissing & fooling around, I tried to remove her panties. She stopped me telling me that she couldn't allow me to take her panties off while I was naked. She said she was afraid things might get carried away & that she wasn't ready for that yet!
I gave in for the moment and made my way around her body with kisses working my way down to her panties. I kissed her pussy through them & she spread her legs. I pulled the fabric aside & began to lick it which she enjoyed immensely! Her moans got louder & more frequent indicating she was almost there!
Suddenly she sat up & stopped me! Holding my face with both hands, she gave me a kiss. She broke the kiss looking me in the eyes & said, "Honey, that feels so good & I hate to stop you but you are taking me to a place I've never been with a guy! I can't control my feelings or my body right now & the tents next door are very close to ours. I'm afraid they will hear me. I'm sorry but I could never step outside this tent in the morning & face them knowing that they heard you take me to the point of no return!"
I found it both cute & disappointing! Cute because she was too embarrassed to have an orgasm that someone may or may not hear & disappointing for the obvious reason!
I kissed her & asked, "Are you sure baby? You taste so good & I want to make you cum! Wouldn't you like that?" I asked.
She answered, "Of course honey! I would love that! I'm sorry, I just don't want people out there knowing what we are doing in here!"
"They are probably doing the same thing inside their tents babe & it's kind of a turn on knowing they can hear us!" I said trying to convince her to let me finish.
"They could be doing it yes, but I still don't feel comfortable letting them hear us! It may be a turn on to you but it would be too humiliating to me!" She explained.
"I guess I can understand that babe!" I replied.
Sensing the dissapointment in my voice she asked, "Are you disappointed with me?"
I lied when I answered, "No Carol, I have never been disappointed in you! I love you & when you are ready, I'll be here! I'm sure it will be worth the wait."
Looking at me with a puzzled look she asked, "Can I ask you something Tom?"
"Sure babe!" I answered.
"Why did you say that them hearing us was kind of a turn on to you?" She asked.
"Carol honey, you are the most beautiful woman I have ever been with. I am so proud to be with you, that I would love for the whole world to know it. If I were to make you cum like I almost did & the entire campground heard, or even saw it happen for that matter, I would love it more than you could ever know!" I explained.
"That makes no sense to me. If I am your girl, would you not want to keep me all to yourself?" She asked as she looked confused.
I tried my best to explain to her why showing her off turns me on by saying, "I would be keeping you to myself Carol! Think of it this way, let's say you ran a race & won a beautiful trophy. Would you take that trophy to your tent & not let anyone see it? Of course you wouldn't! You would hold it up high & show everyone around what it looks like. I feel the same with you babe! I ran the race against all of the other guys in your life & I won! You are my trophy & I am proud of you & I want everyone to see you!"
"That kind of makes sense, but, it also sounds like you think of me as an object & not a person." She stated.
I replied, "You are the object of my obsession baby. I do see your point though & hopefully one day you will see mine & understand how I feel about showing you!"
She was quiet for a while as she no doubt was trying to understand what I meant. I rolled over & hugged her & began touching her breasts again. We started kissing again & she began touching my cock & stroking it. She said, "I can feel that you're still puffy down there."
"Yes I am babe & I can assure you that it probably won't be going away anytime soon!" I said as I stroked her breasts.
She leaned in as she was looking into my eyes & said, "Maybe I can take care of that for you!"
"I would love that!" I said & then asked, "What did you have in mind?"
She smiled & kissed me before ducking her head under the blanket. She licked the head of my cock & took it into her mouth. I moaned a little & she popped it out of her mouth & quickly stuck her head out from under the blanket & said, "Shhh! Be quiet honey! The neighbors will hear you!"
She slid herself back down & took it in her mouth. This time she took it in deep. It felt so good as the head of my cock entered her throat. I began bucking and pumping into her mouth. I was moaning and getting very close to shooting my load inside her mouth for the very first time & then she abruptly stopped again, popping out from under the blanket, giving me another warning,
"Tom please! The neighbors will hear you! You are being too loud!"
She went back down & kissed it a couple more times before coming back up to lay beside me. She kissed me & laid her head on my chest, then whispered, "Good night!"
I couldn't believe it! I wanted to cum so badly! I laid awake a long time after she fell asleep wondering how I could get her to go farther.
I woke the next morning and I slid my swim trunks on as she lay sleeping so that I could go use the restroom. She woke as I was pulling on my shirt. I was hoping she would get dressed & at least give me a glimpse of her naked body but she held the blanket up to her chin & waited until I was finished dressing. She watched as I slid on my swim shoes & then said, "You go out & get the cooler ready, I will be out shortly!"
I went to the restroom & gave her some privacy. I returned a short while later to get the inner tubes ready & to pack a small cooler with drinks & lunch. I just finished airing up the tubes when she came out of the tent wearing her thong bikini with a towel wrapped around her waist. She was hiding her backside from the neighbors & I wondered if she would take it off at all today on the crowded river. I sure hoped that she would!
We went to the river and began preparing for our float downstream. The river was crowded with people & I was pleased to see that most of the girls there had thong bikini bottoms on too. Not only was it pleasant to see all those nice asses but I knew Carol would feel more comfortable knowing that she was not the only girl with her's showing & just maybe, she would gain the courage to remove her towel.
She looked around & saw the girls wearing their thongs like it was perfectly normal to be showing their asses so she reluctantly removed the towel & stuffed it inside a plastic bag which she then placed inside the cooler. She laid face down on top of her inner tube & her round ass was there in direct sunlight for all to see! I couldn't have been more happy!
I had purchased a small waterproof disposable camera for the trip & I wanted to document her exposure. She saw me preparing to take a picture of her backside & called me a pervert, quickly turning her head away from the camera. I took the photo anyway! It was then that she saw another girl flashing her tits at some guys. She spun her head back around and looked at me & excitedly asked, "Did you see that?"
"See what babe?" I asked in return looking in the direction of the cheering crowd.
Still with an excited voice she said, "That girl over there in the yellow bikini, she just flashed her breasts at those guys!"
"No shit? I'm sorry I missed that but good for her! Women should be free to show their tits if they want to!" I said matter of factly.
She looked at me over her sunglasses in disbelief & said, "Oh really now! So it wouldn't bother you if I were to show some random guy mine then?"
In my normal sexually demented state, I foolishly thought that she was actually considering doing it so I excitedly answered, "No Babe! That wouldn't bother me at all! In fact, I think that would be hot if you did! I would love taking a picture of you when you do it!"
I was so excited that I pointed my camera in her direction in hopes she would go for it right then & there!
Her jaw dropped open & she just stared at me & said, "You are a sick, sick man Tom!"
With that she shook her head & paddled off. I realized then that my hopes of her actualy doing it was just my hopes and not her intentions. As she paddled her tube away from me I knew I had just played a card that I couldn't take back. She was silent for the next mile or so on the river & I was hoping I hadn't gone too far & ruined the weekend.
We stopped for lunch around noon and ate. There were several people on the beach laying out on towels. A few girls had their tops untied and offered a good amount of side boob squashed beneath them that bulged out from their sides. Two girls were lying topless allowing everyone to see their tits as they laid face up tanning. This didn't go unnoticed by me as I took a little longer looking at them than I should have, which didn't go unnoticed by Carol! She lay down on her towel on her tummy but didn't say anything about it. I was hoping that maybe I dodged that bullet as Carol can be a very jealous person!
Testing the waters a little I asked, "Would you like for me to untie your top so you don't get any tan lines?"
Her reply to me was sharp in tone! "Not on your life mister! I am showing enough with my butt out & no way am I going to allow you to untie my top! Apparently there are other girls here that you would rather look at anyway!"
Knowing that I had been caught looking, I tried to make an excuse by saying, "Carol, I wouldn't say that I would rather look at them. Their daringness to show themselves just caught me off gaurd & I couldn't help but look! I would much rather have you showing yours than them babe."
"Ya right!" She said sarcastically. "It's okay. You're a guy so I can't really blame you for looking at them. You could try to refrain from drooling over them so much though!"
I tried to regain some points with her by saying, "I would definitly be drooling over yours babe if you were to show them. You should just let me untie your top & at least show a little from the sides."
Her reply again was sharp in tone when she said, "Like I said Tom, I'm showing enough with my butt out today! You should be happy that I'm doing that for you! The answer is still no! I'm not undoing my top & neither are you!"
Realizing it was no use to continue pressuring her I offered a compliment hoping to smooth things over by saying, "I do appreciate you showing that butt babe! It's a mighty fine butt at that, if I do say so myself!"
"Whatever!" She snapped & then asked, "You didn't happen to pack any sunscreen did you?"
"I sure did! Would you like for me to rub some on your back?" I asked.
"Yes please! You can do my legs too but be nice about it! I don't want you to cause a scene!" She scolded.
I began slowly rubbing it on her back. I massaged it in & she began to relax. I was so tempted to untie her strings but after pulling the top string slightly, I decided to not push my luck. Thankfully she didn't notice. I moved down to do her legs & gave them a good working over before rubbing some on her ass to see if she would say anything. She didn't stop me so I applied more lotion to it. I intentionally poured too much on & it ran down between her cheeks. I began to get hard as it looked like someone shot cum all over her ass. I began to smear it on her round cheeks & down between them. With the warm air & relaxing rubdown I was giving her, she allowed me to work her ass for a very long and intimate time. I am sure the amount of wine coolers she drank prior to this probably played a big part in that!
She opened her eyes after a while & looked around. She saw several people watching me work on her ass & became self conscious about it saying, "Tom, I think that's enough! People are starting to stare at us!"
I looked around and she was right. There were several guys watching. Some gave me a thumbs up sign so I smacked her ass lightly causing her to yelp. This gained several laughs from our spectators which got her to blushing. She sat up after they started laughing at her & said, "I think we should continue on our journey down river Tom!"
She laid on her tube face up this time and I looked at her with a puzzled look on my face. She pulled her sunglasses down & looked up at me saying, "Don't look at me like that! Enough people have seen my ass for one day, thanks to you!"
I chuckled & we began floating & drinking again. A few miles down stream and several wine coolers later, we were feeling no pain. Carol was so relaxed as was I. The river was moving at a slow but decent pace & the sun was perfect. It wasn't long before we fell asleep on our tubes.
Suddenly a cheering crowd of people woke me up! I sat up to see what was going on & saw a set of rapids coming up quickly so I woke Carol saying, "You better hang on baby! It's going to be a rough ride!"
She woke & looked as I pointed out the rough water ahead. She flipped over on her tube face down again and we were into the rapids before we knew what hit us! I was so busy hanging on to my tube and the tube the cooler was on, that I lost track of her! When I hit calm water again, I looked back & saw that she had fallen off her tube. She was still holding to it with one arm while laying on her back flailing around, trying to keep herself afloat.
I wasn't concerned with her drowning because all she had to do was stand up. The water was shallow! What interested me most was that I saw her top had slipped and one of her tits had popped out!
The crowd was cheering her on & I saw a few other girls had also lost their tops in the rough water. There were guys taking photos of Carol & the other girls so not wanting to miss the opportunity, I quickly popped open the cooler & grabbed my camera. I started taking photos of her exposed tit while everyone was looking at her.
She finally got her footing and stood up. She was facing everyone on the other bank as she blew water out of her nose. She coughed up more and straightened her hair from her face. She was so preoccupied with the amount of water she swallowed & inhaled that she was oblivious to her exposed tit!
Everyone was waving, cheering & giving a thumbs up at her. She thought they were just being friendly to her so she waved back and gave a two thumbs up right back at them. She held her thumbs high in the air, proud & happy that she managed to make it through the rapids.
I called her name because I wanted her to turn my way for another photo but she couldn't hear me. She reached down & grabbed her tube, tucking it under her arm. She spun my way & I got a shocking but pleasant surprise! The top string of her bikini had come untied & her top was hanging down below her chest doing nothing to hide her big tits from everyone there!
I could not help but think about earlier when I was applying the suntan lotion & how I loosened that string. I may be at fault here but no way was I going to confess to her about it!
I could have warned her but instead, I gave her a thumbs up sign thinking that surely by now she must know about her top & in her drunken state, maybe she had come to terms with it. Several guys on my side of the river did the same so she dropped the tube and threw both arms high in the air giving us a double thumbs up too! Her bare tits pointed straight at us as I and many others took photos of her with them out!
She bent down, grabbed her tube and started walking our way. Everyone was cheering as her tits flopped back and forth while she waded through the current. It wasn't until she was very close to me that she saw my camera aim was at her chest. She noticed there were many other guys with cameras pointed at her chest also. She looked down and saw what the commotion was really about. Apparently she didn't know about her top until that very moment!
She quickly pulled her top up & covered her tits! She turned 50 shades of red while tucking them back in & tying the bikini back in place. After she tied it she slapped me hard on my arm & said, "You're such an ass Tom! Why didn't you tell me I was showing?"
Without waiting for an answer, she dropped onto her tube and paddled quickly away! Things were quiet for a long time after that & before long we pulled to the end of our ride and got out on the bank.
Finally she spoke, "Tom, you never answered my question earlier! Why didn't you say something to me about how I was showing before all those people saw me?"
I replied, "Carol, it was the sexiest thing I have ever seen in my entire life & I didn't want it to end! That's why I never said anything!"
Carol raised her voice saying, "All those guys saw my breasts Tom! Many of them took pictures of me & have photos of them now!"
I laughed & said, "I know babe! I am one of those guys!"
She slapped me on the arm again & yelled at me.
"It's not funny Tom! You are a terrible man for not protecting me from being humiliated like that!"
I tried defending myself saying, "I couldn't help but watch you babe! You looked so incredibly sexy out there tossing your thumbs up like you didn't care who saw them! It was so hot!"
She got even more upset & shouted, "The reason it looked like I didn't care was because I didn't know my breasts were out! You're my boyfriend Tom! You should have told me that I was showing and protected me from being seen & humiliated like that!"
She blushed a deep red covering her face with her hands. She was so embarrassed! I took sympathy with her knowing I not only let them see her but very well may have been the reason her top came untied in the first place! I said, "Carol, please calm down! The people on that river don't even know you & you probably will never see them again! What has happened is already done & over with & there's nothing you or I can do to change that! You should just laugh about it and move on!"
She shot right back saying, "I will never laugh about it Tom! It's true, I may never see those guys again but the ones with cameras will definitely be seeing me with my breasts out! Lord only knows what those perverts will do with my pictures!"
"Oh I'm sure I know what they will be doing with them!" I said smirking.
She found no humor in my answer at all! Her face turned red with anger & she yelled, "Doesn't it bother you knowing that those guys are probably going pull their cocks out & jack off while looking at photo's of your girlfriend's tits? Not only that but those bastards will probably be showing their buddies so they can pull their cocks out & jack off too! They will all be shooting their nasty cum all over my tit pictures Tom! What do you think about that?" She asked.
I was shocked at her words! She never referred to her tits as tits before. She always used the word breasts when referring to them & she certainly never used the words cock, bastards, cum or the phrase jacking off either!
"Oh my God babe! That's quite a potty mouth you have today! I have never heard you talk with such vulgerness before!" I exclaimed.
Realizing she had been shouting all this at me she calmed down slightly & said, "I'm sorry Tom! I'm just upset & embarrassed! I really want you to answer my question though! I want to know how you feel about the possibility that all those guys will be jacking themselves off while looking at naked photos of my breasts!"
Being somewhat under the influence of alcohol myself, I grabbed her hand & shoved it down my shorts to my hard cock & shot right back at her saying, "If you really want to know how I feel about them seeing your tits and jacking off at the sight of them, then feel this!"
Her eyes popped out of her head & she yanked her hand back quickly! She took a step back looking at me with her hand over her mouth!
"Oh my God Tom! This shit excites you doesn't it?" She asked.
"No babe!" I replied. "It is you & your sexiness that excites me! If them seeing you made me this hard, then yes that excites me too! I am the one you are with! Those guys can look at you all they want to or at pictures of you! You are my girl & that's all that matters to me!"
She just shook her head saying, "Let's go back to camp Tom! I need some time to process all of this!"
I knew this was all out of her comfort zone & maybe I should not have pushed her so hard. I hoped again that I never ruined the weekend.
Back at camp she was quiet. She finally came over & sat next to me asking, "Tom do you think I am a slut?"
I almost spit my beer out at her sudden question! I looked at her surprised & said, "No! I don't think that! Why would you even ask me a question like that?"
"Most girls would have checked their top first after falling in like that! I didn't even think to check mine! I just stood there letting everyone look at my breasts and take pictures of them while I smiled for their stupid cameras & threw my thumbs in the air like I didn't care! That to me sounds like something only a slut would do!" She said.
I hugged her and then looked her straight in the eyes trying to calm her down by saying, "Babe, it's not your fault! You simply spilled off of your tube! I know you are a little afraid of the water with your limited swimming skills. I saw you flailing about but by the time I got my tube and the cooler on the bank, you had already got your footing and realized the water wasn't that deep!
I admit, I did notice that one of your tits had popped out but Carol, with everyone yelling and cheering so loud, even if I did holler at you, I doubt that you would have been able to hear me!
When you stood, you had your back to me & were waving at the crowd on the other side so I assumed you had tucked your tit back in already. I didn't know your top had come untied completely until you turned around!"
"I still think that most girls would have checked for that first!" She stated.
"That may be true with some girls, but when you got up, you were blowing water out of your nose & coughing as you tried to get rid of the water you inhaled. You heard the crowd cheering & they got your attention right away! It would have been easy for anyone to miss Carol!
It's no ones fault and it was just skin baby! A lot of girls lost their tops there today & had their tits out! It wasn't just yours! That's why those guys were hanging out in that spot!
If something like this should ever happen again you should let them look & let them have their pictures of you! I wouldn't worry about them jacking off to your photos either because it just doesn't matter! You should be proud of that body! I know I am! What really matters is that I love you & you are mine!" I said as I let her know how I felt about it.
Carol smiled a little & said, "Thank you Tom! I feel a little better about it now & I'll try to forget it ever happened!"
"That's my girl!" I said as I hugged her close!
With me pulling her body close to mine, she felt my hard cock pressing against her & said, "I can't believe that them seeing my breasts like that has made you that excited & hard though! That's messed up Tom!"
I replied, "Babe, since the mood has lightened up some, I will make you an offer to help you believe that it indeed did turn me on!"
"Oh, I think I believe you already from the way your puffy thing down there is pressing against me, but you go ahead, tell me about this offer even though I can probably guess what it is already!" She said teasingly.
I smiled & said, "My offer to help you believe how turned on I am by it would be for me to shove your hand back down my pants again and prove it to you!"
She smacked me laughing & said, "I knew you were going to say something like that! The answer is NO! You can't put my hand back down there again! Now get away from me and to take that puffy thing with you! You pervert!"
We sat by the fire in our wet bathing suits for a good while drinking. The alcohol had been flowing all day & we skipped supper. Carol seemed to have gotten used to her ass showing because even here in camp she walked around in her thong. The neighbors were free to look at her ass & she didn't seem to mind. Again, I think the amount of alcohol & lack of supper played a big part in her bravery!
I got up & grabbed a couple of drinks from the cooler and handed her one. Her gaze went from the drink to my groin. She gasped & held her hand over her mouth.
"Oh My God Tom! I can't believe that you are still puffy down there! It's been a couple of hours since we got back from the river! You really did get turned on by my exposure, didn't you?" She asked in an excited tone loud enough for the neighbors to hear!
It was my turn to blush now! I quickly made her blush in return by saying, "Yes Carol! I did get turned on by those guys seeing your tits! Would you like to see how puffy it is now? If so I'll pull it out right here so you can have a look at it! I'm serious! I'll do it! If you want to see it, just say the word!"
She blushed & said, "No! I don't want to see that!" Then she looked away noticing the neighbors.
I asked her in a lower tone, "Why do you not want to see it Carol? You have never seen it before & since you are the one who caused it to swell like this, surely you have to be curious to find out what it looks like!"
She kept looking at the fire but said, "I admit, I may be a little curious about it, but not enough to want you to take it out just so I can look at it! Geez Tom!" Shaking her head & giggling.
"Carol, have you ever seen one before?" I asked.
She got a little defensive when she answered, "Now what do you think Tom? I'm 29 years old for Christ sake!"
"Okay, so you say that you have seen a cock before! When was that?" I asked.
She sighed and said, "If you must know, some girls in high school showed me some nude pictures of a couple classmates that they were dating. I also saw a couple of them on a movie once, so yes! I have seen a dick before!"
I almost laughed when she told me that she saw photos & video of dicks but never mentioned a real one! I decided to first ask about the ones that she saw on a movie. With her being such a prim & proper girl, I found it hard to believe that she would actually watch porn!
"You say you saw a couple of dicks on a movie! Do you expect me to believe that you actually watched porn Carol?" I asked in astonishment.
Again, she answered defensively, "No! I wasn't watching porn! That's disgusting & I would never do that! It happened one night when I was sleeping over at my friend Cheryl's house for her 16th birthday. Cheryl's step brother was the one watching porn. Cheryl & I didn't know it until we walked in on him & accidentally caught him. We were only there a few minutes, but in that time, I saw two naked guys on the screen."
"So her brother was watching gay porn?" I asked.
Again in a very defensive tone she said, "No! It was definitely not gay porn! There was a girl between the two men & like I said, I wasn't watching it, we just happened to walk in, we saw it & then we left!"
I pushed her on saying, "Okay Carol, so now I know that you have seen pictures of naked guys & a couple more on a movie, but what about a real one? Have you ever seen a real dick?"
She sipped her wine cooler but didn't answer. I waited and studied her as I wondered what it was that she was hiding. She has told me that she is a virgin and was waiting for the right time, but her actions tell me she is hiding something so I asked again, "Carol, are you going to answer the question? You know a while back I told you about my past and that I've been with other women. It's no big deal if you have been with someone too!"
She answered very loud & defensively, "I have never been with another guy Tom! I have told you before that I am saving myself for the right guy & the right time! I don't know why you keep pressuring me about this! Just last night I held & even sucked on yours, so yes! I have seen one!"
I said in a lower tone trying again to calm her down while also trying to get answers to my questions, "Carol, please don't get mad! I am just curious. Last night when you did those things to me, I want to say first that it was awesome & I loved it very much, but honestly babe, it was too dark in the tent for me to see you after you turned off the lights so I know you couldn't see my cock last night either!"
She became super frustrated with me now & said loud enough for the neighbors to hear, "Oh my God Tom! It wasn't like I was trying to see it anyway! I'm not the pervert that you apparently are! You are right though, it was too dark for me to see yours last night!"
Seeing how upset she got & the fact that the neighbors were now actively listening to our conversation, I decided to drop the subject. I didn't want to ruin the weekend by pressuring her more, but hoped someday she would tell me.
She sipped her drink in silence. After she finished her drink she went to the cooler and got another. Her ass looked so nice as she bent over the cooler & dug out her drink. She opened it up & just stood there in the fire light quietly sipping her drink for another five minutes or so before she emptied it & dug another one out of the cooler. She brought the drink to me & sat down beside me. In a calm voice this time she said, "Tom, I'm sorry for being upset. I know you put a lot of time & effort into planning this fun weekend & I thank you for that. I'm just uncomfortable talking about stuff like that! You deserve an answer to your question & the answer is one Tom. I have seen one dick in real life but please, please do not ask whose it was or anything about it because I really don't want to talk about it! It's just too embarrassing!"
I suddenly became concerned & asked, "Babe, did someone force themself on you?"
"Oh no Tom!" She exclaimed, "It was nothing like that! I didn't mean to scare you! I saw it but I never even touched it! I just don't want to discuss it further so could we please drop the subject now?"
"Sure babe!"I said! "Thank you for telling me & I'm sorry for pressuring you. I was just curious. I would love to hear more about it someday when you are more comfortable talking about it though. I really would!"
"Maybe someday! I wouldn't hold my breath though!" She said as she giggled.
It was quiet as we drank and watched the campfire. She got up & got her blanket and wrapped herself in it and came to sit next to me again. I put my arm around her. She laid her head on my chest & whispered, "I'm sorry for not finishing you last night Tom. I know you probably wanted me to finish you, but it was the first time I ever sucked one & I wasn't sure I could get you there or not! I was also concerned about the people next door hearing us!
You seem to be even more puffy down there now than you were last night. I would be happy to try again tonight for you but you have to promise me that you will be quiet. I don't want everyone to know what we are doing inside that tent."
I was shocked & thrilled when she brought up sex. It was either the wine talking, which she definitely had more that she ever had before, or her exposure that made her bring up sex tonight without my help. Either way I was delighted to hear it. I jokingly said, "I guess I should have rented us a cabin instead of a tent spot!"
She laughed & said, "It's probably best that you didnt!"
It was quiet for a while as I held her close by the fire. We could hear frogs croaking along the river & the breeze blowing softly through the pines. She sat up, took a sip of her drink & asked, "Is it was too late Tom?"
"Too late for what?" I asked in return, not knowing what she meant.
She blushed & looked down saying in a low voice, "You know!.....The cabin thing!"
I downed my drink in record time & asked,
"Are you serious?"
"A little privacy would be nice!" She said.
"I will go check babe! Stay right here!" I told her as I rushed off towards the camp store.
When I got to the office & asked about a cabin. The clerk said that they were sold out of cabins. He said they did however have a small camper next to the shower house available. The clerk warned me that the curtains were down in it for cleaning though & with the shower house lights shining in that it could be hard for us to get any sleep. He also said that there also would be a lot of people going by our window to use the showers & that some may try peeping inside & that it had happened there before!
I told him that it was okay about the lights because I wasn't planning on sleeping anyway. I also told him that if someone were to take a peek in at my girl that I didn't mind that either & that she is drop dead gorgeous & that I love showing her off.
I got the keys & headed back to camp hoping that by me telling him that, that he may swing by & look in or maybe tell others so that they would. Either way I was getting harder just thinking about them looking in & seeing her. Hell, I was hard because she has never let me see her completely nude yet! This was going to be a fun night!
I got back to camp & rushed over to Carol's side. I excitedly said, "Carol, I have good news! They were out of cabins but had a small camper over by the shower house available so I rented it!"
She smiled & said, "You really want this don't you?"
"Babe, I want it more than you could ever imagine!" I said as I kissed her hand.
"Okay, but I should warn you, I'm not sure if I will go all the way or not!" She said in a stern voice.
"That's okay babe! I understand but at least you will feel more comfortable knowing people can't hear us!" I assured her.
We grabbed a couple of things & headed over. Inside the camper it was freezing cold as the air conditioning had been on all day. Carol was still in her wet bikini and was shivering. I was shocked when she quickly stripped off the bikini and grabbed a thin blanket to wrap around herself.
I had just watched her undress completely naked in front of me for the first time ever! It was dark, but there were pole lights outside shining in just like the clerk mentioned earlier & she happened to be standing right where it was lit up the best.
It may have been her alcohol consumption that loosened her up or she just didn't think I could see her. Either way I was enjoying the show! I saw her perfectly trimmed pussy clearly for the very first time and it was awesome! She was still shivering & asked, "Tom, how can you stand there in wet clothes? It's cold in here!"
"That's an easy fix!" I said as I turned the thermostat up & stepped back into the light where she could see me. I stripped off my wet trunks & my hard cock sprang free pointing right at her! She looked at it briefly before blushing and looking away.
"Can I share your blanket?" I asked.
She looked down at my hard cock pointing at her again and then looked up into my eyes. She appeared afraid & we stood silently for a bit, awkwardly looking at each other. I wondered if she was going to chicken out like last night when she wouldn't let me take her panties off, while I was naked at the same time.
Several long seconds later she gained enough courage to slowly open the blanket. I stood looking at her naked body for a few seconds. Instinctively I started stroking my cock. I looked up & saw her watching my hand moving on it. She appeared to be in a trance as she stared at it. I stroked it & let her watch for as long as she wanted! Suddenly she snapped out if it blushing & looked up at me again! I stepped in before giving her a chance to back out. She wrapped the blanket around me & held me close as our naked bodies touched together for the first time ever!
We kissed passionately and our hands were all over each other! She stroked my hard cock and whispered to me, "I have to finish something!"
Taking the blanket with her she knelt before me on the kitchen floor of this small camper & took my cock in her hand. She looked it over real thoroughly in the light shining in from outside. She lifted it & looked under it, taking my balls in her hand she began massaging them as she stared at them. It was as if she were inspecting me. She ran her tongue from the bottom of my balls up the underside of my cock, all the way to the tip. She looked up at me smiling & said, "Tom, now I have seen two of them in real life! This is the only one I've ever touched though!"
She closed her eyes and began sucking my cock. I could look down and see her face as she sucked like there was no tomorrow. She was definitly a girl on a mission to finish what she had started last night.
It was then that I remembered we were in the direct pole light. The kitchen table had a large window with no curtains facing the main drive way and the shower houses. People were just outside under the pole light going in and out of the shower house.
At the moment they hadn't looked in or even noticed us.
Carol was below the table but her head bobbing up and down on my cock was visible to them if they were to look in. There was a light above the table beside us and I flipped it on hoping to draw their attention & also hoping the light would put a glare on the window so Carol wouldn't be able to see them so easily.
Carol pulled off my cock & held it with her hand. She looked up at me puzzled & asked, "Why did you turn the light on?"
"I want to watch you while you suck it" I replied.
"Why do you want to watch me?" She asked.
I said, "Because you look so sexy and I don't want to miss anything for our first time!"
She smiled, and took me back in her mouth as she looked up at me. I watched her mouth sliding up & down on my cock.
"I would really love to take your picture while you are sucking on me! Will you let me take a couple baby?" I asked.
She didn't say yes but she didn't say no either! She just kept sucking. She watched closely as I picked up my camera and pointed it at her face. She knew I soon would have a photo of her with her lips stretched around my cock. She never closed her eyes but looked right into the lens until the flash blinded her.
Here was my reserved, shy girlfriend on her knees sucking my cock in plain view of my camera and the people outside like a common whore. I was so turned on as I snapped a couple more photos of her sucking my cock & she just kept looking into the camera each time & never stopped sucking me.
After taking the photos, the cover slid off and she was basically kneeling topless on the floor. Looking outside I saw a couple people watching us now. She was too low for them to see her tits but not her face & what she was doing to my cock. I wished they could see her tits but just knowing they could see her sucking my cock, pushed me over the edge & I came hard!
The first glob hit her throat with no warning and she swallowed it before quickly taking her lips off of me and jacking it with both hands, spraying my cum on her face and chest. When I had finished she stayed on her knees still stroking it with both hands looking up at me smiling. She felt proud & complete as she knew she had satisfied her mission. My cum was on her lips, her nose & her cheeks. I was leaking more cum from my cock that was now dripping down on her tits. She looked so incredibly hot & I was still holding the camera so I took aim at her cum covered face. She quickly threw her hands up over the lens & said, "No honey! Not like this! Don't take my picture with this stuff on my face, I look disgusting and it's humiliating!"
"Please baby?" I begged, "Let me take it as I never want to forget this moment!"
Seeing how disappointed I was that she stopped me, she sighed, lowered her hands & took ahold of my cock again. She smiled pretty for me & said, "Only for you baby!"
I took her photo just as cum started to run down her cheek. I helped her to her feet & looked outside & I saw the people watching us. She had her back to the window & her ass was nicely lit up for them to see but I wanted them to see more. I turned her so they could watch as I wiped the cum off of her face and chest. I spent extra time lifting & dropping each of her tits as I wiped them so they could see how firm they were. I knew they could see her bush now also! I ran my hand down through her pubic hair as they watched. My shy girlfriend's naked body was being seen by these strangers & I was loving every minute of it!
I began kissing her and looked out the window & saw people gathering closer to the window. Not wanting her to see them yet or to miss this opportunity I turned her & picked her up as she wrapped her legs around me. I gave our audience a good view of her round ass again & she of course thought we were all alone!
After some kissing, I laid her & the blanket on the table and worked my lips down her body. I sucked her hard nipples into my mouth. Looking up, I saw the crowd had moved in against our window now & were looking down on her body as I sucked her tit. A couple of the guys & a few girls were giving me the thumbs up sign. Carol's eyes were closed so I released her tit from my mouth & smiled at them to let them know it was okay to watch. Reaching over I picked up the camera, tapping her on the arm with it, I said, "Baby, take a few photos of me sucking your tits please!"
"I don't want to do that Tom! Can we make out without the camera this time?" She pleaded.
"Please baby! It would mean a lot to me!" I begged!
She finally gave in saying, "Okay, but just one picture!"
I sucked her tit back into my mouth & looked at the camera. I pulled her hard nipple up with my lips, stretching it away from her chest. I nodded & she snapped the photo. I turned that nipple loose & it snapped back in place with a nice bounce. I began sucking her other one, stretching it up also as I nodded at the camera & without a protest she took another photo.
I worked my way to her pussy and began licking it. Looking up I saw several camera flashes from outside as people we didn't know were taking photos of Carol as she lay naked under the bright light with my face buried in her pussy. This was her very first time nude with a guy & I hoped she wouldn't notice them! Luckily, her eyes were closed.
As I kept licking her, I again tapped her arm with the camera. She opened her eyes & I handed it to her. She sighed but eventually took the camera from me & took a couple of pictures of me licking & sucking her clit. I pulled her clit up with my lips stretching it just like I did her nipples a few seconds ago. She snapped the photos & laid the camera down beside her so she could relax & enjoy the ride.
I sucked and kissed her pussy lips and tickled her clit a few times before tongue fucking her hole. I began sucking her clit & rubbing my tongue back and forth on it & I could tell she was getting close!
She grabbed my head, pulling my face tight into her pussy. She threw her legs up over my shoulders pulling me even tighter into her. Her back was arched causing her chest to be high in the air as the most intense orgasm swept over her! She came so hard & screamed so loud that she didn't even notice the crowd outside cheering her on as she climaxed!
We both were able to get the other off for the very first time ever tonight & we had people watching us while we were doing it! I was so turned on knowing they were watching & seeing my girl in all her glory!
I thought of how funny that was, as the only reason we moved to this camper was for privacy. She didn't want the neighbors to hear us & know what we were doing. Now not only did they hear us, but they saw us! They even took our photos as we went down on each other! I couldn't have been more excited and was fully erect again!
She lay panting with sweat covering her body, trying to regain her composure. Her legs were draped over the edge of the table with her beautiful pussy splayed open for my viewing pleasure. I grabbed the camera and took a few photos of her pussy spread open with the people in the back ground.
Before tonight I had never been allowed to even see her pussy & now she lay before me spread completely open & never even flinched as the flash from my camera went off. She knew then that I had a close up photo of her most intimate spot.
I took note of her neatly trimmed bush because when she accidentally got exposed at her class reunion, I saw it briefly but her bush appeared to be full & thick at that time. Now what hair was left was neatly trimmed in the shape of an arrow head with the point of it pointing directly at her now exposed clit peeking out from her smoothly shaven lips! She must have wanted or expected me to see her down there this weekend!
There were a couple of guys just outside of the glass staring right down at her laying there naked, unbeknownst to her. I saw them taking her pictures & it turned me on so much that I had to take her & take her now! I wanted them to watch as I took her virginity on this small table in front of them.
I stepped between her open legs & as I moved in closer she felt me rub her inner thighs with mine. She removed her hands from her face and sat up on her elbows looking down between her legs at my hard cock pointing at her virgin pussy.
She looked up at me almost begging with her eyes for me not to violate her but without the will power of her own to say it. I stood a few inches between my cock tip and her hole looking at her & her at me. I was waiting to see if she would say no, hoping that she wouldn't!
After a few seconds I reached down & took her right ankle & lifted it up on my shoulder. Our eyes never left each other's as I took her other ankle and placed it up on my other shoulder. I took her by the hips & slid her ass closer to the edge of the table. I eased forward and rubbed the head of my cock up and down her slit for several strokes. She stayed sitting up & watched as the tip touched her velvety folds. Her lips wrapped around the head gripping it & begging it to come inside her. She looked up at me again & whispered, "Be gentle please, I've never done this before!"
"I will go nice & slow for you baby until you get used to it!" I replied.
She laid down flat on her back on the kitchen table and looked me in the eyes as I leaned in applying pressure with it until I felt the head pop inside of her. She tensed up gripping the table edge harder as her hymen gave way to my intrusion. Her eyes were tightly closed now.
A camera flash caught my attention. I looked up to see the clerk from the store outside our window had just taken a photo of my cock breaking Carol's hymen. I smiled at him & returning a smile, he took another photo.
I waited for her to relax & then pushed in deeper. I went in & out slowly until she relaxed & became accustomed to the feeling. She put her arms above her head & gripped the end of the table as I began sliding in & out of her pussy very slowly.
People outside were watching me take Carol's virginity & photographing it as it happened & she was none the wiser. I picked up my pace after a while & gave her pussy a good pounding, making her scream out! Her large tits flopped with every thrust! I had to slow my pace again to make it last!
She opened her eyes, looking at me with a concerned look, she asked, "Is there something wrong? Why did you stop?"
"No babe!" I said, "There is nothing wrong! You feel so fucking good to me & look so sexy that if I don't slow down or stop, I won't last very long and I want to stay inside you forever!"
As I waited for myself to calm down I picked up the camera and started to aim it at her. She placed her hand over the lens saying, "No Honey! Don't take my picture! Not like this! It's too personal and embarrassing!"
"There is nothing to be embarrassed about babe! It's a natural thing & I want to document our first time! Please?" I begged.
She reluctantly lowered her hand & laid back on the table & said,"Okay, but just one picture! I don't like it that the film developers will be seeing pictures of me like this!"
She put her arms above her head to grip the table again, knowing that I love it when she raises her arms. I have told her many times that seeing her tits this way turns me on because they are about as exposed as they can possibly be when she stretches out like that!
I pulled out of her and took a photo of my cock just touching her open hole. I then rammed it all the way in fast! She gasped & didn't even notice when I took a second photo!
I set the camera on video mode & began pumping into her hard, capturing her tits bouncing as I thrust into her. I laid the camera to the side where it would continue recording us as I took her for the first time.
I couldn't believe she still hadn't noticed the people outside! We fucked like this for a while & then I set her legs off my shoulders letting them hang off the table. I loved the way this pushed her pubic mound up in the air & her swollen clit was peeking through her open lips.
I took her arms & pulled her to a sitting position with my cock lodged deep inside her. She wrapped her legs around me pulling me tight into her. I grabbed her by the ass & lifted her so everyone outside could see my cock sliding in & out of her pussy from behind.
I put my thumb up letting them know outside again, that I was cool with them watching. I was enjoying the opportunity to show her awesome body off to everyone outside. I could barely see them with the window glare but I knew they were there & could see every inch of her naked body!
As much fun as it was doing her in front of everyone, it still wasn't enough for my demented mind. I wanted the thrill of her facing them while she was being fucked! The thought of her possibly seeing them & becoming so embarrassed would be awesome!
If she didn't notice them, I could continue to show her body to them but if she did, her embarrasment would set me off for a great finish! I wanted her to know that she was being watched!
I turned her around so my back was to the window & she was facing the crowd outside. I laid back on the table, pulling her on top of me. At first she didn't notice them, even though she had her head lifted & her face was pointed towards the window. Her eyes were closed as she concentrated on how good my cock felt inside her. I watched as her big tits hung down like heavy pendulums, swinging back & forth as I pushed into her. I saw light reflecting off of them as people outside kept taking pictures of her being taken by me.
I wanted them to see her better & even more than that, I wanted her to see them now & to know that they are watching! I said, "You are so beautiful Carol! I love seeing your big tits hanging down like that! The way they swing while I'm doing you drives me wild! Sit up for me baby so I can see you better."
She didn't sit up at first, but continued to slide herself up & down on me a few more times saying, "You feel so good inside me Tom!" She kissed me & then she sat up.
I agreed saying, "It feels good to me too babe! Your pussy feels so hot on my cock! I love being inside of you! Pull your hair up for me now babe and arch your back so I can see those awesome tits standing out while I do you!"
She did as I had asked & then asked in a sexy voice, "Like this?"
"Yes baby! God you look so sexy! I love watching your tits bounce like that!" I said.
She began bouncing on my cock harder as she held her arms up like that causing her tits to bounce even more! She knew I loved it & was obviously trying to please me! She cupped her breasts & pulled on her own nipples, making them hard! She lifted one tit up & licked the tip of the nipple while watching my reaction. She sucked it in & I was about to explode!
I knew everyone outside had just gotten a view of her tits fully exposed & bouncing up and down with every thrust I shoved into her! I knew they saw her licking & sucking her own tit for me & thought of how hot & embarrassed she would be if she only knew they could see her doing that! I knew they could see her bush squashed down against me as she lowered herself down on my shaft & how her cunt lips clung to it when she rose with each upward motion!
Suddenly a camera flash from outside got her attention! She strained, looking outside & it took her until the next camera flash went off before she suddenly realized we were not alone! She clamped down on me with her legs & arms collapsing on top of me saying, "Oh my God Tom! People can see us!"
"I know baby & it's turning me on!" I said.
"You can't be serious! How long have they been out there?" She asked with a shaky voice!
I lied saying, "Babe, they have been there ever since you undressed, & before wrapping yourself in the blanket!"
Her head was buried in my shoulder now.
Her voice cracked even more as she was about to cry when she asked, "Why in the hell did you let them watch us if you knew they were out there? Oh my God Tom!"
I said, "I let them watch because you are so damn sexy! I am so proud to be with you! I just had to show you off babe! I told you before that it turns me on when other guys see you!"
She was so embarrassed! She lay on me a while not knowing what to do and thinking of her predicament. My cock was throbbing inside her!
"How much do you think they saw?" She whispered.
"They saw your ass first when you undressed but you had your back to them so they didn't see anything else at that point!" I said, trying to minimize the situation for her.
She sighed a sigh of releif but then she asked, "Did they see me on my knees?"
"Yes babe!" I confirmed. "They saw you sucking my cock and taking my cum to your face! They even saw me taking photos of you while you were doing it!"
"I can't believe you knew & still let them watch us! This is so humiliating! Do you know how degrading it is knowing they saw that stuff all over my face & you taking pictures of it? Oh my God Tom! Why?" She began to cry.
"I thought you knew too!" I said trying to defend myself.
"Of course I didn't know!" She yelled, "I would have never done any of this if I knew they were out there! You know how embarrassed I get!......Oh my God! They did not see you pick me up & lay me on this table did they?"
I answered, "Yes they saw that but before that they watched as I turned you to face them while I wiped my cum off of your face & tits!"
"Tom! Why did you turn me like that? I am so embarrassed! I wondered why you took your time bouncing my breasts while doing it, I just thought you were playing with them!" She said.
"I was playing with them! I was just letting them watch while I did it! They saw your tits & your pussy real good & then I laid you down. They also saw me sucking on your tits as you took photos of me sucking them. They saw me when I went down on you & when you took a few photos of yourself being eaten out by me too." I said giving her the full brunt of the story now.
"Oh my God!" She exclaimed! "They saw me do that? How humiliating!..... If they saw all of that then they also saw me when I... You know.....When I...."
Seeing the fear in her eyes & knowing what she was trying to ask, I said, "Yes baby! They saw and heard you when you came! It was so hot!"
She began to cry a little more & said, "Oh how could you do this to me Tom? I am so embarrassed! I can't believe you! We did all these things with them watching! I don't like them seeing me like this & you know it! I only enjoyed making love to you because I thought we were alone and not some freak show!
I can't believe you! I can't believe you not only let them see me naked but you let them watch as you took my viginity from me! I saved myself all these years for just the right person and just the right moment and now it's gone! Everyone watched you take it from me! This was supposed to be special!"
I rubbed her back trying to calm her down. I said, "Babe! It couldn't possibly get any more special to me! You made me a man tonight and all these people know that you did that! I am honored to be the one you chose to give yourself to! With them watching us baby, it made it all the more memorable to me & I couldn't be more happy!"
"I am so embarrassed Tom!" She cried.
"I know you are babe but I am still inside of you & I would love it if you would let me finish taking you in front of them!" I said hoping that she would.
She raised her voice saying, "You can't be serious! Take it out of me now and pull that cover over us!"
"Carol, we are laying on the cover so I can't get to it, besides, they have already seen you, so sit up and let them watch please! Let's give them a show they won't forget while we finish!" I encouraged.
She did not answer right away but eventually said, "Honey, I know you say this turns you on & I want that for you but I just can't! I really can't do that! I am too embarrassed!"
I said, "Just relax babe! Keep your head down if you want to but I am going to finish fucking you while they watch!"
It took a few long, silent seconds before I felt her legs relax, I began pushing up into her & her arms relaxed, so I started pumping up into her harder!
"I want you to face your fears and look at them now Carol!" I said.
She whispered, "I'm sorry honey, but no! I can't do that! I can't face them like this! It's too embarrassing!"
"Okay babe, but I am going to finish fucking you right here on this table in front of them!" I said in a more demanding tone.
She didn't tense up or say no so I sat up with her on my lap and her face buried in my chest. I slid off the table and stood. I turned with her back to them once more & pulled her ass cheeks apart exposing her tight little pucker to them as my cock slid in & out of her other hole. Her grip on me was tight! She mumbled, "Please honey! Don't show them that! Please, at least save me some dignity!"
"Okay! We will do it another way then!" I said.
I sat her on the table and leaned into her. She pushed against me trying not to let me lay her back where they could see her face but I was stronger & eventually she laid back. This time though she had her hands covering her face in shame & her elbows were clamping down covering her tits. It was exciting me more & more to see her so humiliated & embarrassed like this! I said, "I want them to see your face when I shoot my cum up inside you babe!"
"No! Please no!" She begged! "You can't do that inside me because I might get pregnant! I'm not on the pill! Besides, I do not want them to see me. If you must take me in front of them, just do it without them seeing my face! Please?"
"Don't be shy now babe!" I said, "They have seen every inch of that sexy body already. I want them to see your red face when I finish fucking you & shoot my cum all over you. I want to be able to see your face too, when I do it!"
She did not move so I took ahold of her wrists and pulled her arms away from her face and chest.
"Please honey! Don't let the watch me being fucked! I don't like it!" She begged.
"They have already seen you getting fucked all night babe! I want them to see you again while you know they are out there watching! I want them to see your red face, your shame and your embarrassment. I want them to see your tits bouncing intensely as I pound into your pussy & cover you with my cum!" I said it like she had no say in the matter at all!
She saw all of the camera flashes going off as I pounded into her pussy! She knew complete strangers were photographing her naked body as she was being fucked by me!
"Oh God!" She cried out & gripped the table edge! She was nearing another climax as was I. The mean talk I gave her & the camera flashes caused her body to react.
"Please don't make me cum Tom! I don't want them to see that!" She continued to beg but her request was too late!
"Oh God No! Don't make me cum! Oh God! Oh God!" She screamed & gripped the sides of the table harder & bit her lip! She arched her back and then she let out a loud moan as her orgasm took over her body! She bucked and convulsed in front of the cheering crowd and sprayed her first cum spray all over me!
It was too much for me to take and my orgasm was about to hit also! Knowing now that she wasn't on the pill, I pulled out and shot a massive load all over her tits! Some reached her chin, her stomach and the rest landed on her bush!
I collapsed on top of her & released her hands. She began to weep & covered her face again. After a few minutes I came back down from my high & wiped her clean & helped her off of the table, wrapping her in the blanket. The crowd dispersed pretty quickly after that and we went to sleep.
In the morning we woke. I was worried about how she would feel after sobering up & knowing I took her virginy in front of a crowd of people as they took pictures and video of us. I knew she was somewhat drunk at the time so I was going to use that as my excuse for letting them watch. She turned to me in bed & I asked, "Are you okay sweetie?"
"Yes Honey!" She replied smiling.
"I was worried after everything last night, that maybe you would be upset!" Testing to see her reaction.
She said, "I'm glad I gave myself to you last night Tom. I could have done without the spectators though. I'm still embarrassed about that."
"Are you mad that I let them watch?" I asked.
"Oh my God! Yes! At first I was very angry with you & hurt!....... If I am truely honest with myself though, them being there did add excitement to the experience & I know you love that kind of stuff & I have come to terms with what happened.
I'm sorry about squirting all over you though. I have never in my life went off as hard as I did last night. Not even when I'm alone & masturbate. That part really embarrassed me the most. I am not sure if it was caused by the excitement of being seen by so many people or just because it was our first time but wow! That felt great!" She said very enthusiastically!
"Wait! What? You masterbate?" I asked in astonishment!
She blushed a deep red & tucked her head under the covers!
"Babe! I asked you a question!" I said.
She stayed under the covers & mumbled a "yes!"
I uncovered her face & she looked so embarrassed! I felt bad for her but curious at the same time. I said, "It's okay babe! Everyone masterbates form time to time. Hell I have done it daily since I met you!"
"That's sick Tom!" She exclaimed.
"No! It's a natural thing! People need relief from time to time! So tell me Carol, how often do you need relief?" I asked.
"Tom! I'm not comfortable talking about it! I regret letting that slip out so can we please just drop it? Please?" She begged.
"Okay babe! You're right! This isn't the time or place for that conversation, but someday I will be bringing it up again! Back to last night though, if we had a chance to do it again would you rather do it without them watching or with them?" I asked.
She thought for a moment before answering. "I think the way we did it was embarrassing for sure but it was also very exciting. I don't know what came over me after I saw them. I must have been out of my mind to let them watch us finish but I knew it made you happy that they were watching. I know you like to show me off to other guys because you told me it does. If it made you happy to let them watch then I am happy too!"
I said, "So you admit, it turned you on too!"
Defending herself she said "No! I never said it turned me on! I said it added excitement, but that I could have done without it!"
Curious now I asked her, "Babe, I know we are heading home, but if we were floating today again & I asked you to show your tits out there, would you do it?"
"Oh, I don't know Tom! I don't think I could do it, but then I never thought I would have done what we did last night either! If I had enough alcohol & everyone else was doing it, maybe then I would, but that's a big maybe!" She said as she pulled me back on the bed.
"What if I begged you to do it for me? Would you flash someone then?" I asked.
"Knowing how much it excites you, I probably could do it but it would take you a lot of begging & even then I'm not sure I could but I'd try! She said.
I knew right then that someday I would make her my wife. We made love alone this time & then we took our stuff back to our tent site, packed and got ready to head home.
"Let's stop by the office on our way out babe. I need to return the keys to the camper." I said.
"Okay! Do you want me to run them in?" She asked.
"No babe! I will do it. I need to ask him something anyway!" I replied, smiling a devilish smile.
I went in & Carol followed. I was hoping to go in alone but since she came in I thought to myself, this may be more fun than expected!
Stay tuned to Part 05!