A Dedication to my Fellow Readers and Authors and The Founders Of Literotica, if it wasn't for you I wouldn't have anything to look forward to whenever I go on the computer, and my mind wouldn't be stimulated THINK YOU!!) XXX
All Characters are 18 of age and over... ...
This is ONLY a FANTASY and should NOT be REENACTED in Real Life...
XXXXXXXXXXXXXXX
You were just pulling out of your drive way when you noticed that the house next to you has been sold. The first though that ran through your mind was that a the house next door was bought by a stereotypical family with a Fat teenaged daughter you thought so you just shrugged it off. And since that you were in a rush at the time you didn't give it a second thought, and besides it was beginning to rain.
It wasn't until Mid to Late June that I started moving in, again you didn't give it a second thought. The moving tracks started moving but again you were out at the time and did not get the chance to actually meet the persons or persons that bought the house next to yours.
It wasn't until that I was fully moved in and was plaining a house warming party coupled with a BBQ that you finally got to meet me. I was on my way back from my daily run before work at the same time that you were on your way out as well to where I did not know. I guess were ever you were going it was within walking distance. You have just reached the bottom of your drive when we accidently collided, and when we did both of your hands felt a sample of each of my breasts. When you took a step back to apologize you noticed that I was sweaty and you aren't usually into this sort of thing but "damn she's hot really hot even when she is sweating" was your thought. "I'm sorry" you try to say but you could not find the words due to the fact that you had other things on your mind. So instead I apologized for the both of us, "it's ok" was your happy response. We stood there talking for a while before I realized that I was going to be late for work, and apologized before dashing off. You were staring at my ass as I was running past you, I turned back around as if I have forgotten something and you quickly retracted your gaze.
"And oh by the way I'm having a house warming BBQ Party at my place would like to come" I invited you. "Sure I would love to come." Was your response a companied by the sincerest smile that you could mustard without making you look like a pervert.
You even resisted the urge to lick your chops until I have turned around and headed backed towards the rest of my day. By the time that I was finished with my day you were in your house and since the sun was still out, I have decided to sun bath a little before going to make myself some dinner. I went in the house to change into my Dark Green Micro Bikini Set, and came back out. The weather was nice enough that you decided to open your windows and leave them open to let some of the cool air in.
I came back out and just laid down on the lawn chair and not soon after you were passing by and attended to just take in the cool fresh air, when you got something more something that you did not expect. You had an excellent vantage point of me sun bathing in my Micro Bikini from where you were. Ate raking a big weft of the cool air you have deiced to stay were you where and watch for a while without me even knowing that you were watching. And you where glade that you decide to stay because you would have missed the show of me applying the second coat of sun screen on. I first squeezed some on my left arm and rubbed it in, then I did the same to the other arm. Then I moved on to the legs then finally my stomach and both Breasts, that was the best part of the show in your opinion. When I was done with that I laid back down and sun bathed some more, and by this time you had your cock out and started stocking it without me even know that you were there. I sun bathed for an hour more before deciding to go back in, and making myself something to eat by the time that I was done you decided to quit as well.
Later on that night your cock was still rick hard and you couldn't stand it any longer, and decided to get naked and get on the bed and masturbate the images of me sun bathing earlier. You couldn't remember the last time that you came so hard or grunted that loud before. When you were done you got up and took a shower and went to bed and that night you started having all of these Fetishized Dreams about me. Me in all sorts of Bondage Gears and being Submissive to you in every way imaginable. By the time that you woke up the next morning your cock was rock hard again and once again you stroked yourself to another powerful and wonderful orgasm. Each morning was the same you would stay home and wait for me to finish my morning jog and start masturbating as I was passing your Living Room Window to head back home and get ready for work but lucky for you, your job starts a little later than mines does so you had just enough time to cum and clean yourself up and go to work.
On the day of the house warming party you came over and asked for the tour at the time I thought that it was harmless and beside what kind of host would be if I didn't grant you the request? And besides what kind house warming party would this be if I didn't offer a tour of my house? During the party, it got so busy no one noticed you slip out and begin your mission to find my spear house keys, however your mission proved to be fruitless and besides at this point your mission was risky. You were almost caught on multiple occasions. So you slipped back in to the party making it look like you just came back from the bathroom and besides it would look suspicious with you gone for so long. It would also give you more chances to sneak more glances of my ass and the little bit of exposed Green Thong with Pink Lining when no one is looking.
After when most has gone home and the party was winding down you offered to stay and help clean up, and it would also afford you the chance to not only be around me more but to also continue with your mission. And you have finally found it hidden under a pile of junk in my bedroom junk drawer. You looked at it for a while savoring your success before picking it up and stuffing it your pocket. You were then snapped back to reality by my voice "Hay you ok up there?" I asked you. And you responded my picking your head out and saying "Yeah just fine I was checking if anyone has forgotten anything." Even with only four others still in the house including yourself help cleaning up you knew it was still a little risky. So you quickly rushed out of my bedroom and made your way downstairs, to do some actual cleaning up and to also steer at me as before. After when the cleanup was done, you headed home to start the next phase of your plain.
It was late so I just decided to head upstairs to take a shower, I first unbutton and unzipped my pants then hooked both of my thumps into it and yanked them down and, tossed them on the bed. I then Pulled my shirt up and over my head and tossed that on the bed as well, I the reached my hands behind my back and unclasped my bra and tossed that on the bed as well. Then last was the Green Thong with the lining, when I was finishing pulling those down, carried them to the laundry basket and tossed it. But before making my way to the shower I looked down and noticed that there was a wad of tissue that was carelessly tossed on the floor and not in the trash. And as bent down to go pick it up and toss it in the proper place I noticed a slight weight to it, I wondered what it was? In an attempt to investigate it the only way that I can, I tried and tried but it would not split apart for me to investigate it was stuck together like glue. Eventually I gave up and lifted the lid to the bathroom trash bin to throw it out when I noticed multiple similar tissue in there. Then that is when it hit me without me knowing during the house warming party you have masturbated in this very bathroom and dispose of your evidence after words.
After examining each of your evidence and tossing them back in to the trash I got up and into the shower.
As soon as you got home it was now safe for you to express your feelings accompanied with dirty thoughts to match. You reached into your pocket and took out your prize to merely look at it. You were partially drooling when you said "Yes!" to yourself, then out of habit you cautiously placed your prized back into your pocket as if there was a chance that you could get caught. After leaning up against the wall and tilting your head back and letting out a big sigh. Then after words you unknowingly had the same idea as I did and dashed upstairs to take a shower also. But first you had to find a precise box to keep your trophy in, you were so full of mixed excitement and sexual arousal you couldn't think straight and forgot that you don't have a box that small or that perfect and to go out and buy on, after all not just any small box would do in your eyes. But for now, you would just have to settle for simply placing the stolen key on the night stand until you could find the perfect one you would buy the perfect box if you had to.
You undressed and when it came to your boxers as soon as you took them off your cock started getting hard again before subsiding a little bit. You stepped in and began showering, in mid shower your cock got hard once again. So you just leaned your back up against the shower wall and closed your eyes, and replayed the images of my ass and the exposed Green Thong with Pink lining back in your head with a sexual twist.
In your imagination my pants are already off and you cornered me in my own backyard with every one watching, you ripped my Thong that I was wearing that day off with one rough move. You then shove me to the ground and started spanking my ass, but in reality, you were moaning and groaning while you were stroking your cock, when you were about to reach the conclusion to your fantasy you gave a lad and audibly grunt "MMMMMM AHHHHHHHHHH!!" It was so load and audible you were paranoid that I might have heard you, but then again you hopped that I did. When you were done and got out of the shower you were so worn out you did not bother to get dressed, and just sat down in your bed to watch some tv to which I did not know before going to bed. By the time sleep wanted you, you were too lazy to even get up and slip your PJ's on or even your Boxers, so you just slept nude.
In the middle of the night you had a erotic dream about me, and in the dream I was walking into your bedroom wearing the Dark Green Bikini that you saw me in when you first caught me Sun Bathing in my own backyard. I climbed on top of your bed and started gyrating up and down while placing my Right Index finger in my mouth and my left hand all over my hair, to tease you in a sexy little strip dance. I then walked off the bed and held out my hand for you to take to which you did not hesitate to accept and led you to your bedroom chair, and in a sexy way I lightly shoved you on to it. I then turned my back towards you and bent down so that I could shake my ass in your face for a while, and with each shake I got closer and closer. You tried to reach for it. I sexually retracted my ass from your face obviously was getting too close and turned around and lightly shoved you back on the chair. I then got back up and used the same technique I used on the bed, with my Right Index Finger in my mouth and my Left Hand all over my hair, while gyrating up and down. After A while of that I seductively reached both of hands behind my back, and un did the straps of my Bikini Top after when I allowed it fall to the ground I grabbed both of my C sized Breasts but in this dream you dreamt it was a lot bigger about an L size. I licked one then the other nipple and back again, then I looked at you seductively as I was undoing the string on my Bikini Bottom, and just as I allowed those to also fall to the floor...
You were woken up by the ringing of the phone, at first you were pissed because the erotic dream was about to get good until you were woken up. At first you wanted to yell at whom ever called you, until you heard the sound of my voice, at the time you were still naked and when you pulled the covers off of you noticed that your cock was rock hard. Without my knowing you were stroking your cock throughout our brief conversation, the reason that I called was just to think you for not only coming to that house warming party but to also think you for staying and help clean up. And in response you said "yeah sure no problem I was happy to do it." Even I didn't ask for it you gave me your cell number anyways "You know just in case" as you put it at the time, on our second or third meeting I can't remember exact. Unfortunately the conversation ended before you could reach your morning climax and get rid of your morning wood. So you resulted to jacking off in the shower you may not have been happy about it but it would have to do.
After your shower you got out and looked at your trophy on the night stand and was reminded on what out had to do today. You spent the entire day searching for the right and perfect box for your trophy, but first you had to go to the closes electronics store, to buy some Spy Cams When you were about to give up you had a sudden flash of idea. Instead of buying just one small box you decided to go to the closes Craft and Hobby store which was not that close, to buy a large box with a space for a Name Tag on the front to which you would place my name in, and a smaller box to place that key in. The box you ended up buying for that was not that small when you placed the key in it easily slides around to which you are not happy with but it is the smallest that they have that would fit the key.
The following Friday night I decided to go to the local pool for a swim, while I was out you finally got your chance to advance to the next phase of your plan.
As soon as you saw my car pull out of the drive way you dashed to the night stand drawer and pulled out the large box to which you already added my name to, and opened it and pulled out the smaller box to which you kept your trophy in. You opened that as well and grabbed the Spy Cams that you bought dashed out the door. You got lucky not only it was warm but cloudy day but most folks decided to stay inside on this cloudy evening.
When you reached the door to my house to complete your mission you cautiously looked around making sure the close was clear before inserting the key into the hole and unlocking it. You did not know how much time you had so as soon as you got in you went to work right away. You have successfully installed all of the Spy Cams in all of the private places in my home. Once when all that was done you exited with caution, like that really matters if anyone had caught you, it would simply look like you were helping me with a good deed.
I did not stay out for long, after when I have returned I had to go out again right away, I didn't even have time to properly disposed of the White One Piece Swimming Suit with a Cress Crossing Lace going down the back of it. When I was gone again you reentered when you were finished with your dinner, with the same manner as before.
As soon as you entered you went searching for the One Piece Swimming Suit that I was just wearing to the pool in the usual places. It took you a while but when you have finally found it you sat their right on the floor from where you have found it and sniffed and licked the inside of the crotch area. You then took your cock out and started playing with it before wrapping the Once Piece Bathing Suit around your cock, by the inner crotch area. Then after when you have shoot your load in the same inner crotch area you did your best to clean up the area and hopped that I didn't noticed when it came time for me to wash it.
Over the next serval months, it was like routine for you if and when I wasn't home you would use your stolen key to break in my house, and sniff and cum and clean the best that you can in my dirty preferably recently worn panties and sometimes bras. You even have taken it upon yourself to even steal some of those used Bra and Panties, to stash into that hug box that you bought with my name on it to collect including that Dark Green Bikini Set that you first saw me suntan in. And with every chance that you got at home you would watch me change or watch me take a shower without me even knowing it through that secret Spy Cams that you have installed.
Then finally when The Holidays finally rolled around I went out with my friends and family to calibrate, and as for you, you decide instead of your usual routine you had something else in mind. It was hard but you managed to save all of your cum for me for about over a week now, you wanted me to have it all. And besides you too had to go out to calibrate The Holidays Session, with your own family. But you were lucky enough to have gotten back before I did.
It did not matter what day of the week Christmas landed on that year considering we both had the next day off along with others.
By the time that I got home it was almost 3am, the house was dark when I left and you have left it that way. When I entered I lit the hallway bath so that I could take my jacket off and hang it in the closet and make my way at the same time, then I turned the light on in upstairs hall way for later, my plan was to go up and have a nice long awaited relaxing shower. Even with the upstairs hallway lit it never fully lit my bedroom. As I climbed the stairs and made my way to my bedroom my view was blocked by all of the Holiday presents that I received for that year and yet to open that I didn't see you sitting on the bed. I was getting closer and closer to the thresh hold of the door when all of a sudden you said "Happy Holidays" As if we are currently living under the same roof. Surprised I dropped my gift right there in front of me.
I stood there frozen when you got up and offered to pick up the gifts for me, when you got closer I said "No. No it's alright, it was my fault. What are you doing here?" I asked while faking the least frighten smile that I could muster. Hopping that you aren't there to do what I hoped and think you are going do to me.
When you are just inches away from me you noticed that my hair was a mess so you op to fix it, while responding to my question "Oh nothing I just want to wish you a Happy Holidays that's all." My face turned to full on fear now as I said nervously "Now that you have so could you please get out of house." After when I have said that you responded by saying "Oh no, I don't think you want that? At least not yet anyways? And besides I haven't given you your Christmas present yet." Without even giving me the chance to respond you roughly and forcefully reached under my Festive sweater and started fondling my unintendedly erect nipples while saying "You may say no with your words but it seems that your body is saying something deferent." With total fright I slowly started taking steps backwards, but I was not completely successful as you still had your hands on my breasts, and as soon as you noticed my slow retreat you quickly got a little more aggressive by switching to my nipples and pinching them as aggressive as you can. Then you mirrored the same with your other hand, as I tried the slow retreat approach again you got more aggressive by using my own nipples to hold me there and to pull me back in case I haven't given up on the retreat technique.
I finally got it the idea when I finally caught on to the pattern, whenever I tried to pull away you would use my own nipples against me and pull me back, and every time that I tried to pull away you would pull me back aggressively with more force each time. It even got to the point where you felt that you were forced to pull on my nipples so hard that there were tears in my eyes and screaming on top of my lungs for my life from all of the pain.
However during my feeble attempts to escape I stumbled backwards and tripped while at the same time forcing you to lose your death grip on my nipples. I then attempted to kick you in the face but my attempts of that didn't go as planned I only managed to land a very light tap to your nose and at the same piss you off. You then attempted to grab at my legs but was unsuccessful do to the presents that I have dropped and you tripped forwards, in another attempt to go for my legs and get back up at the same time you tripped again on the presents.
You then tried a deferent approach in your attempt to get back up, this time you slid backwards clear of the presents before getting back up. By this time I was already up and attempted to get to the closes phone but you wouldn't allow it and bent down to pick up a gift and toss it in my direction to slow me down, and it worked as soon as the gift hit my back I once again fell to the floor. You then kicked the gifts that were in your way out of the way. And as for me my vision was blurred that when I made an attempt to get up was having trouble.
But when I finally made way back up to my feet I had to use the table to steady myself, but I did not stop there, after steadying myself I grabbed the phone and started running again. By this time you have managed to catch up to me and grabbed the phone out of my hands and tossed it over the upstairs railing, just as I was about to dial the police.
Afterwards you tried to force a kiss on me but I managed to push you off and scratch you in the face. While holding the same place that I have scratched you "YOU BITCH, YOU FUCKING BITCH, YOU'RE GOING TO PAY FOR THAT YOU FUCKING BITCH!!" you yelled at me.
After scratching you I darted for the stairs and when I made it to the bottom I froze not knowing what to do next, while I was scanning and planning my next course of action. You once again caught up to me and that is when I got a glance at the broken phone that you tossed over the railing a moment a go. You then grabbed a hold of my wrists, but I managed to yank myself loss with all of the strength that I had, and went for my IPhone, I was so tired and it was so late that I was too lazy to pick it up just after dropping it in the couch.
My plain was to go for the Phone and run like hell out the door while calling the police, I managed to get to my purse in time and go for my Phone but unfraternally as I went in to grab it out, I fumbled with it and it slipped right out of my hands and on to the floor. And I did not have time to go and pick it up. At first you chased my across my living room all the while making the phone slid under the sofa.
You then chased me into the kitchen and that is when I decided to arm myself with a knife after going for a knife in the knife draw, once again ran and this time I headed for the backyard door but it was frozen shout, and by this time you managed to catch up to me yet once again, but only this time I did not see you coming. And you slammed my head right up against the sliding porch doors making me drop the knife. I did not have time to bend down and pick up the knife so I just lift it there for you to use and darted for the front door. And that is exact ally what you did, you bend down and picked the knife up to use later. I have just made it to the front door and seceded in opening it and was about to make my move, regardless how cold it was.
When you came up behind me and yanked me down to the floor and at the same time kicking the door closed. I tried to craw way, but you managed to yank my legs back and flip me over. You then held the knife at my thought while threating if I didn't do as you say you would slit my thought. With tears in my eyes I agreed. Then that is when you took the knife off of my neck and lowered it to my collar bone and starting from the collar you started splitting my shirt in half, then when you were done with that you lowered the knife even more to the buttons of my jeans, and since the knife can't cut through metal you roughly unbitten and unzipped my pants while holding the knife at my belly button. Then when you were done with that you commanded me to lay still while you lowered yourself and the knife to my legs, before continuing you traced the knife on the undersides of my pants and on the flesh of the right leg then the left leg. Then you began cutting away my pants in the same manner as you did with my shirt. First the left leg then the right leg then when you were done with that you once again flipped me over so you could roughly and savagely rip the rest of my pants off of me.
Now I'm lying there helpless and exposed for your viewing pleasure and your whims in just my matching white Christmas themed Bra and Panty Set made of silk. You then all of sudden had a moment of inspiration and yanked me up by my arm and dragged me to my feet and dragged me to the front door, and opened it all the while keeping your hold in my arm. And dragged me out the door as the way I am all the while I was doing my best to protest, but to no avail.
Once outside you tossed me on to a pile of snow that I just shoveled on to the grass and soon followed after. And when you have reached to where you have tossed mw you once again roughly yanked me up and slapped me across the face hard until I started crying. In a horsed voice I tried to say " why...why...why are you doing this to me" you didn't give an answer and just roughly swung me around and with the same manner yanked my Bra and Panties off of me, my only remaining protection of modesty. You then yanked me towards you and whispered dirty names in my ear that where directed towards me. You then reached a hand down to my very exposed pussy and started fingering me, while the other hand roughly held me tight by my breasts, in the back of my mind I was thinking 'think god it was Christmas and most where out elsewhere celebrating and not in this neighborhood. From my blurry eyes, I could only make out a hand full of lights on in the houses and cars parked around those houses and the neighborhood in general. After a while you once again tossed me back on to the ground on the snow but only this time, you bend down as I was doing my best to try and get away but the snow made that task impossible, grabbed a hand full of snow and smeared it on the right breast then you did the same to my right. You then leaned in and pinned me down I was doing my best to defend against your assaults but to no avail, despite what I have vow to you earlier.
With one hand you held both of my wrists the best you can while the other once again grabbed a hand full of snow but only this time you rubbed it into my pussy, when you were done with that you once again fingered me and whispered in my ear "perfect you little slut, now you're wet enough..." I turned my head in attempted to speak but you covered my mouth with the same hand that you fingered me with.
You then once again yanked me up and pulled me backed in the house leaving my Bra and Panties where they are. And dragged me straight to my room all the while I was screeching and protesting. And each time that I did you would tossed me to the floor and slapped me hard once in an attempt to shout me up. And when we finally made it to my room kicking my Christmas presents out of the way more. And tossed me on my bed and.
Roughly pulled me to the bedroom window and yanked on the pull string to clear the shutter out of the way, so I could get a full unobstructed view of your bedroom window to which I had not noticed until now. You then leaned in and told me how you had watched me sun bathing and changing and showering and the like, and how much of slut I was. Then you proceed to complement me on my choice of underwear and Bra, you then concluded your complement by saying "only a slut like you would choose that kind of Bra and Panties to wear..."
You tossed me on the bed and turned me around and spanked my ass three times on each cheek with your belt, and while I was crying in pain and in shame you stood back to admire your own work while yanking the rest of your pants down. You couldn't help but notice how sexy I looked the way I was and the moon light that was brightly shining on my abused body only enhanced that look.
You then took the very same belt that you just spanked my ass with and tied it around both my wrists and to the bed. I tried to kick you but each time that I did you moved back far enough to make sure that the only thing that I would be kicking was air. When my legs were getting tired from all of those kicking I started to give in, by the time I was done I was breathing heavily, and my protests became less and less. And that is when you took your opportunity to continue your fun. And you started out by leaning in and demand that I beg for your massive cock, and when I refused to say anything you reached your hand to both of my nipples and started playing with them by pinching and licking them. And it was at this point that your massive cock started growing with no mercy again, I was presently surprised it took this long considering all that you have done to me.
Regardless of your own saliva you still went back to pinching my nipples, and again demanded that I begged for your massive cock. And the longer that I make you wait the harder you pinched my nipples. Then finally it got the point that I couldn't take the pain anymore and finally said what you wanted me to say, "oh...oh...I...can't...take...it...anymore...I...want...it...inside of me..." But you weren't impressed with my answer and pinched my nipples even harder all the while saying. "What?" SLAP to my left breast "Tell!" SLAP to my right breast "Me!" SLAP to my left breast again, "What!" SLAP to my right breast again "You!" SLAP to my left breast again, "Want!" SLAP to left breast again, "Inside!" SLAP again to my right breast, "You!" SLAP once again to my left breast, "You!" SLAP once again to my right breast, "Slut! Whore!" finally to both of my breasts. And with each word and with each SLAP to either of my breasts the SLAPS got more harder and more louder and audible.
"Please...please...I ...I ...want...your...massive cock inside of me...please..." I said breathlessly from all of the things that has been done to me including the ass spanking and all of the breast slapping's. you leaned in and whispered in my ear "that's better' before stuffing my mouth with your right thumb. Then with your free hand you reached down and started playing with my pussy and I involuntary came squirting all of my woman juices, you scooped up what you can from the remains in my pussy and forced me to taste myself, with one swift motion you switched the one in my mouth with the one covered in my own cum not giving me the chance to resist by clamping my mouth shut never to be opened to you again. When you had the fingers with my own lady cum in my mouth you swirled it to make sure I get a good taste of my own lady cum.
Then with those fingers still in my mouth you plunged your cock right in my dripping pussy and started pumping me, then it was at this point that I just realized that you weren't wearing a condom. It didn't take you long to cum in my pussy and impregnating me, I was too worn out to resist you any longer. In a final move you leaned in and threatened to turn me into a Internet Porn Star unless I meet all of your conditions.
1= I can't tell anyone what you did to me. That is including the police.
2= I Can't tell anyone about my pregnancy and your baby. That's including the police
3= I have to hide this Pregnancy if I have to.
4= If you want to come back and rape me and impregnate me again I would let you.
5= If I get an abortion I would regret it.
6= I would have to update you on all of my pregnancies by going to the window and showing you my belly at a set time of the day of your choosing.
7= And that if we were to have a boy you would teach him to rape me. And if it's a girl you would let me to come over and rape her anytime that you want.
8= And finally I would accept anything that you give me without any questions, and that I would do anything you say again without any questions.
You then got up off of me and got dressed and left while leaving there to ponder my future and the consequences if I disobeyed. On your way out you turned your head and noticed my discarded under garments still laying there on the snow partly covered. You then took a quick look around before quickly bending down and placing them into your pockets, before heading home.
The next morning I woke up in the same state that you left me in, and the sun shining through the window. Still sore and feeling abused I stumbled off the bed and walked to the window and looked out to find it snowing, but the fact that it was snowing and the sun was out did not help me much. In fact it made it worse because the falling snow reminded me of what you did to me in the snow. And that forced me to think of my discarded undergarments. So I did my best to dash to the bathroom and retrieve my bathrobe. And as soon as I did that I struggled to put it on duo to what you did to me.
Once on I had to use the wall to stable myself and make my way downstairs and to the front door. When I finally made my down the steps I almost tripped and stumbled on the last step. When I finally regain my courage and balance I crawled to the front door and opened it in hopes of finding my under garments, but only finding fresh snow on the ground and disappointment. I was about to duck back in and close the door I noticed that you have tapped a note to the door.
As soon As I ripped the note off the door and closed the door and claps to floor I cried my eyes out while squeezing the note in my hands and thinking "why me". When I finally calmed down somewhat I nagged to get myself up off the floor and made my way back up to my room, when I finally made it up I nearly tripped once again but this time over a Christmas Present. And that is when I noticed that you have installed a Web Cam on my computer. I lifted the note in my hands and unfolded it to read it, and it reads as follows.
You may have noticed the Web Cam on your computer by now, I have installed it for you last night as a Christmas Present. And I want you to give me your email address so that I could email you when I want you to use the Web Cam, amongst other instructions. And no matter what I instructed you to do I want you to lift up your shirt and show me how far along you are on our baby, this rule applies to any and all pregnancy and not just on our first and remember our agreement. If you refuse to do as I say I would Turn you into a Internet Porn Star. I have included the main ones at the bottom of this letter just incase that you forget whore. And as for the email hare's how I want you to give it to me, I want you to write it down on a piece of paper and give to me by noon tomorrow. I would be waiting. I'll be home all day.
1= I can't tell anyone what you did to me. That is including the police.
2= I Can't tell anyone about my pregnancy and your baby. That's including the police
3= I have to hide this Pregnancy if I have to.
4= If you want to come back and rape me and impregnate me again I would let you.
5= If I get an abortion I would regret it.
6= I would have to update you on all of my pregnancies by going to the window and showing you my belly at a set time of the day of your choosing.
7= And that if we were to have a boy you would teach him to rape me. And if it's a girl you would let me to come over and rape her anytime that you want.
8= And finally I would accept anything that you give me without any questions, and that I would do anything you say again without any questions.
And the first email that I have received from you was the E Version of the exact letter as above, and at the time I was only a week pregnant.
But that was years ago and I was only 33 at the time and now I'm 27 and working on our third baby a boy, while already have given birth to two other boys 2 and 3 years old.