Beth and I actually met playing a stupid dice game on our phones a few months back. It had become an interesting way to pass the boredom of the day, and I frequently sent greetings to woman that I played. Sometimes, they would reply sometimes they wouldn't.
When I saw Beth's picture icon on the game, I thought she was very attractive and sent her a message saying so. She replied with a witty reply that I don't remember now, but so started our chatting.
Over the course of our messaging back and forth we learned a lot about each other. She was divorced, I was heading that direction on a fast track. She was tall, so was I. We both loved music. She seemed fascinated by some of the stories I was able to share with her about my days as a body guard for a few of the rock acts back in the 80s. She sent me a couple of pictures that were impressive and some were even instant pictures, so I knew that they were of her.
As the conversations progressed the messages turned more sexual in nature and just imagining these things happening I was constantly aroused by her. When the messages took a more dramatic and vivid turn, I started dropping hints about us meeting. She seemed very receptive of the idea and since I had some spare time in a couple of weeks I decided that if she were game, I would fly into Minneapolis.
As the flight neared Minneapolis, the pilot announced that while it was sunny, the temp was -20. Holy shit, that is incredible for a guy from Texas. I was anxious to come up with something we could do, if things didn't click. At least til I could get a chance to check out/in under another name. I had told her that I might not be able to stay long, but had booked the return flight for Tuesday. 4 days could seem like forever in a bad situation.
I shared with a guy sitting next to me on the flight that this was similar to a blind date, but she had appeared to be so awesome. We laughed as we talked and he thought I was either the bravest guy he had met or probably the dumbest. I showed him the pictures that she had shared with me, and he asked if I had any risqué. At that point, it dawned on me... she had not sent any of the risqué type. They were all face pictures. The more we talked the more apprehensive I became.
When we finally landed, I was dragging my feet to exit the plane and Tom had left and wished me luck. As I fidgeted in the overhead, Tom stepped back into the plane and came to our row. "My goodness, she is standing right outside the corridor and she is beautiful", Tom said. I grabbed my bag and walked through the exit.
We immediately made eye contact and she started walking toward me. As I neared her, she jumped up into my arms and threw her legs around me. As our kiss became hotter, I remembered we were in public. I pulled back a little and looked up. Tom was standing there with a couple other guys. They all were grinning ear to ear and gave me a thumbs up. As Beth leaned into my chest she whispered that she had been anticipating this moment for a long time. I think she could tell by the bulge in my pants that I had too. She slowly slid her legs down mine until she was standing but leaning into me. I caressed her softly as we started walking down the exit.
I had intended to rent a car to get us around town, but Beth said she had brought hers. As we approached the door heading out to the parking lot, a gust of wind came in and felt like an ice cube. I said, "What the hell do you folks do during the winter when it is this cold?" She smiled and said, "we rough it occasionally." She handed me her keys and asked that I drive. I kissed her as I opened the door for her, and noticed that her nipples were poking through her sweater. I reached up and ran my thumb over her right nipple. As I did, she reached down and rubbed the front of my bulge. "Seems like the cold makes you stand up too." she whispered into my ear. We giggled and by the time I opened my door and got in, she had undone her jeans.
Her hand was down the front of the sexiest pair of black lace panties I had seen. When she pulled her hand out, I saw that her fingers were glistening with her juices. "Here, I want you to taste the torment I have had for the last 4 hours," as she lifted her fingers to my lips. I licked her fingers and she inserted them into my mouth for me to suck. She started to unzip my pants, but our hotel was only a couple of minutes from the airport. As I told her she said, I only want to taste the precum that I know is on the tip of your cock right now. When she pulled me out, she remarked about my impressive cock, which I had always felt was normal.
As she licked the head, I slowed down to a crawl getting to the hotel. When I turned into the driveway of the hotel, she moved her mouth down as far as she could go. Damn, I turned into the valet area by mistake. I said, "Beth, the valets will be here in a second". That seemed to turn her on more as she increased her movements up and down me. As she was audibly slurping on me, I looked out the passenger window and a valet was standing there, taking it all in. He smiled and gave me a thumbs up. When it became evident that he was not interested in disturbing us until we were ready, I grabbed Beth's long hair. I was a bit rough when I grabbed it, but I swear, she sounded like she was cumming as I pulled it. I knew with the fast pace she was moving up and down me, I was not going to last long. When I told her I was close to cumming she pinched the base of my cock and removed her mouth.
"The first time you come, we are going to have eye contact", she said as she stuck me back in my jeans. I looked over where our valet had been but he was gone. As Beth sat up in the seat, the valet came walking out of the hotel like nothing had happened. He walked around to the driver's side and smiled at me as he handed me our pick up ticket.
When we got to the front counter and was checking in, I noticed that several men and women were gathering around and they were all kind of gawking at us. That little fucker had come in and told everyone what was going on outside the door. When I was handed the room key, the clerk winked at me and wished me an enjoyable stay. As we were walking to the elevator, Beth remarked that those guys were acting strange. Little did she know why.
When we got into the room, it was magnificent. I had asked if there was any that had access to a hot tub. The girl on the phone told me that with this suite, there was a hot tub on the balcony. There was also one in the room, and as I walked over to sit my bag down, Beth had gone straight to the tub in the room and started the water running. I kind of smiled and Beth said that she didn't mind taking my cock in her mouth, and sharing juices from her pussy, but there were other parts that obviously had been sweating since our last chance to bathe.
I was game and started undoing my shirt. She raised her arms and pulled her sweater off. Her bra matched the panties I had seen earlier and she was the most remarkable looking woman I had seen in some time. As I dropped my jeans and kicked them to the side. She came to me and hugged me close to her. I leaned down and kissed her. She pushed me back onto the bed and climbed on top of me. Kissing me deeply, she grabbed my hands as I started caressing her and jerked them over my head. "No you just watch, you don't get to touch yet. That will come soon." She said as she slid down my body.
As she reached the edge of the bed, she pushed my legs apart and wrapped her small hands around my cock. I could see that there was another drop of precum forming on the head of my cock. I heard her moan as she licked it off and then took just the head into her mouth. She turned sideways and I watched her lips slide up and down the full length of me. When she went back to the head, she had decided that I was going to cum and it was going to be fast, or that was what I was hoping for as she bobbed up and down. She pulled my cock out of her mouth and told me to grab her hair. When I did, I heard her moan again. She WAS a pain slut. The one detail we had not discussed. As I looked into her eyes, she slowed the pace and moaned with each stroke on me. When she licked my balls, the lick continued past my balls and I felt her warm spit running down the crack of my ass. She looked up again into my eyes and said, "we are going to have so much fun this weekend." I smiled back and moaned as she went back to taking as much of my cock into her mouth as she could.
Her pace quickened again, and when she felt the throbbing in my cock, she pulled off of me and started jacking me off with a fury. When I started to cum she pointed the first blast at her tits and then raised the head of my cock towards her face. I must have had three or four blasts... more than in a long time. When I finished, she sucked the last drop out of me, and turned to the mirror behind her. I couldn't see what she was doing, but when she turned back around, it was obvious that she had rubbed my cum into her face and tits. It was almost undetectable.
Well are we going to bathe master? She said as she walked back to the tub and turned the water on.
Chapter 2 coming soon.