Prequel to Sunbathing Neighbour, Fixing Neighbour's Leak, Neighbour Surprise, and Neighbour's Lesbian Show, this time told from Diana's POV.
Alice was shouting out to me.
"Come on, I haven't got all day, I was going out soon," she moaned.
I'd asked her to come to the shop with me so we could buy extra bottles of water, the prolonged continuation of the hot weather we'd been having meant we were nearly out. I could have gone on my own, but then wouldn't have been able to carry so many packs.
"Hold on, just throwing something on," I shouted back from my bedroom.
I'd been idling about, wandering around in just my thong, but at least while I was up here I'd managed to slip on some trainer socks too. I picked up a large loose fitting t-shirt and slid it on. It was long enough to cover the fact I had no shorts on underneath and loose enough to cover up my not wearing a bra. Despite being in my mid-forties, my 38D breasts are still reasonably firm.
I walked downstairs to see Alice sitting playing on her phone. She managed to find time to look up as she stood.
"Are you going out like that?" she asked as I pushed my feet into my trainers.
"Yes, it's very hot outside. Anyway, you aren't wearing much more yourself."
She grinned and twirled, her vest top tight and her shorts very short, riding up into her buttocks short.
"Don't tell me you don't like what you see," Alice grinned.
I couldn't argue but frowned at her. Alice is my nineteen-year-old step-daughter, back at home during the university semesters. She was teasing me as we've had a couple of 'fumbles'. I say fumbles, they are probably the best sex I've had for a few years. The first time was when we were very drunk after a party. My husband Adam, Alice's dad, had gone to the toilet and collapsed in a heap on the bed. Alice reluctantly helped me push him onto the bed properly as he's nearly twenty stone in weight.
Alice didn't hide the fact that she didn't like her dad very much. He hated that Alice and I were so close, she spoke to me about everything, mainly because every time she tried to speak to him he walked off or ignored her, her being the spitting image of her mum who'd cheated on him. Getting back downstairs she started asking why I stayed with him, why I put up with his moods and sulks, especially when he couldn't get any work orders. I told her I'd stayed around for her and her older brother, my own son, but she told me that now we had both moved out I couldn't use them as an excuse.
Alice poured me more drinks and we started chatting about boys. She'd joked about some she'd been seeing, different positions she'd learnt, and saw me frowning. The drinks made me let it slip that our sex life was normally me getting on top and riding Adam, his weight meant he was unfit, I laughed that if he was on top he squashed me if he went behind his stomach stopped him from getting close to me. Alice told me I deserved better, and I let slip it was fine, as I could close my eyes like I was enjoying it, but think of other men, usually TV or film stars.
I put my hand over my mouth in shock, I couldn't believe I just blurted that out. I gasped again when Alice told me she'd slept with girls too, the sex being more sensual. We'd somehow ended up kissing and an hour later, after cumming three times in my first lesbian experience, got embarrassed that it had been with my step-daughter and went to bed without another word.
A week later and sober this time and with the house to ourselves while Adam went to the pub, Alice asked if I wanted a repeat performance. Three hours later we were lying in each other's arms when the front door opened. Alice giggled and ran back to her room naked, leaving me to quickly throw on a nightshirt and pretend I was just coming up to bed. Luckily, Adam was too drunk to want sex.
We left the house and walked down the path to my car. Danny my neighbour was out cutting the hedge that lay between our two gardens. Despite being a little older than myself at nearly fifty, he is still in good shape. I've had flirty exchanges with him in the past having lived next door for around ten years. He was using hedge trimmers so I knew he wouldn't hear, so I waved and smiled at him. He nodded at me and smiled back. Beads of sweat ran down his face and arms.
"Do you think of him when you're riding dad?" Alice asked when we got in the car, a big grin on her face.
"No, certainly not. He's married anyway," I answered.
"I would, he's decent for an older man," Alice laughed.
"He's far too old for you," I replied.
"But not for you," Alice giggled, "If you don't want to fuck him I will," she continued, "maybe she should both fuck him together?"
I left the conversation there. The journey continued in silence, me actually wondering whether Danny would be interested in me or not. I shook my head, what was I thinking, even if I wanted to I knew Danny had been married for years and had teenage children like myself.
Picking up as many packs of water as we could manage between the two of us we bundled them out to the car. Between the two of us and what we were wearing, we attracted a fair amount of male attention, particularly in the car park where one man told us he'd load the car for us.
Getting back home I told Alice to wait by the car as we'd need to make a few journeys with the packs of water. Danny had finished cutting the hedge and was clearing up all the cut pieces. His t-shirt was soaked through. Carrying two twelve packs of water I stumbled up the path, looking over towards Danny.
"You've done a good job there Danny, you're making me feel hot just looking at you though," I told him.
"Thanks," he replied, "you're not too bad yourself Diana," he laughed.
I blushed but noticed him looking me up and down.
"I've done as much as I could, but there a few bits your side I couldn't quite reach, sorry," he told me.
"No problem, I'll just take these in the house and then I'll trim this side, it shouldn't take long," I responded.
I dropped the water in the house and then walked back down to Alice at the car. I saw her looking at me, then remembered she'd said she wanted to go out soon, she wanted me to give her a lift to her friend's house. I told her I'd drop her off first, and then she looked over my shoulder and said she didn't mind waiting. I turned to see Danny wiping his brow with the back of his hand, having peeled off his t-shirt.
He had a typical mid-life stomach paunch, I knew all about that too, but his chest was well toned. I could see through the hedge he had shorts on. Alice and I took the last of the water inside, then I quickly grabbed the hedge trimmer. The hedge was around five feet high so once I started trimming my side down I had a better view of Danny. I tried to concentrate while watching beads of sweat trickle down his chest, watching him staring at me. Looking down I noticed that not only were my nipples sticking out, but my breasts were also swinging from side to side with the movement from the hedge trimmer, and my t-shirt was getting damp across the chest where I'd started sweating.
It didn't take long to do my side, then I started clearing up. Bending to pick up the cut pieces I noticed there were gaps at the bottom of the hedge. Danny was crouching now, picking out weeds and loose bits that he'd missed. I could see him glancing through the hedge, and from my angle, his shorts were pulled tighter, the bulge at the front looking promising. Every so often he'd stand to put rubbish and weeds into his bin ready for collection, then start pulling out more weeds. I looked behind me, Alice was sitting on the step with the front door pulled too behind her, her vest top pulled down into her shorts making it tighter, her shorts pulled right up between her legs. Her breasts are smaller than mine at 34B, but pulling the top tight pronounced them wonderfully.
I took a deep breath and crouched down myself. My t-shirt slid up my legs, and I altered my legs to be pointing right towards him. I moved my knees a few times, pretending to get comfortable but to attract his attention, I saw Danny smile to himself as he noticed the view, close enough that he could have pushed his hand through the hedge and along my thighs. I shuddered at the thought of his touch. I thought the fun was over when Danny's wife came out and told him that she and their eldest daughter were going out soon. She's very much the same shape body as me, probably around a 38D too, but she's shorter than me. Danny told her he would be a little while longer and then needed to shower, so would probably wait for them until they got back. All the while, his gaze was fixed on my legs through the hedge.
She started talking to me, general things about the weather etc, me just giving yes or no answers. Eventually, her daughter came out and she said goodbye to me and Alice. Wandering off down to their car, I opened my legs a little further. Danny stopped pulling weeds out for a second, then adjusted his legs too. His cock was evident down one side of his shorts and didn't look fully erect. Even so, my insides churned as it was already as big as Adams.
Danny rubbed a hand along his shorts, over his bulge, and using one hand to pull weeds out, I slid the other along my inner thigh towards my thigh. If there were any doubts, Danny would now know I was flashing him on purpose. I wanted to pull off my t-shirt, to show him my heavy breasts and elongated nipples, to see his reaction, but with Alice sitting behind me seemingly oblivious and us being in the front gardens with cars whizzing up and down, I couldn't.
Danny had stopped completely now, concentrating on me. I slid my hand further up, over my now wet gusset, sliding a finger down across my covered clit. My legs shook at my touch, and pushing myself further I pushed the thong to one side, my finger touching directly onto my clit. I wanted to pull my thong completely out of the way for Danny, and myself, but had to keep up the pretence of weeding.
"Are you going to be much longer?" Alice asked impatiently.
"No, but I need a very quick shower first," I answered.
"Well don't forget to shut the curtains when you come out, I know you like to walk around naked after showering but remember your bedroom faces the street," Alice said.
I knew this already but wondered if she was saying it for Danny's benefit. I smiled at Danny, staring at his now obvious erection. I wished he didn't have shorts on so I could see it properly, take in its length and girth, and trace imaginary lines with my eyes along each vein.
"I'll be no more than five minutes, promise," I told her.
I stood and walked back to the house, making sure to exaggerate my hip movements to sway my arse for Danny. It was the quickest shower I've ever had, I was walking back to my bedroom in two minutes. I hadn't dried myself properly, I knew the warmth would dry me off. I walked straight to the window and looked out, Danny was still out in the garden. I got right up to the window and looked down, I could tell Danny was talking to Alice but couldn't hear what they were talking about. I could, however, see Alice's legs, she had shuffled forward so she was more lying down than sitting, and her knees were spread.
I waved to Danny a couple of times before getting his attention, then without thinking but wanting to keep his attention on me, I dropped my towel. I saw him do a double take, then smile as he saw my large breasts on display for him. He carried on talking but didn't take his gaze off me.
I heard a car honk its horn as it drove up the street, whether it was because the driver had seen me I didn't care, at that moment everyone could have a look as long as Danny was too. One hand reached up and I started playing with my nipples in turn, pulling, twisting, pinching. The other slid between my legs and my mouth opened wide as my fingers found my wet folds. Part of me wished I could be fully in the window, showing him everything, but the bed being on the other wall meant even standing on that I'd be too far away. This would have to do.
I started rubbing at my clit, my eyes closing with the pleasure but me fighting it to keep them open, to keep my sight on Danny, He was sitting on the grass now, back to the road so he could watch me. His hand brushed over the front of his shorts, an obvious erection trying to burst through. My mind raced, I imagined walking down to him, unzipping him, and squatting down on his cock. No foreplay, no formalities, just riding him until he shot up me.
My body shook, my legs turning to jelly, as I felt my orgasm coming on.
"Are you ready yet?" I heard Alice shout.
"Nearly," I cried out.
"Oh god, oh god, oh fuck," I whimpered as my orgasm rocked through me.
I opened my eyes again to see Danny smiling broadly, giving me a thumbs up. He'd clearly enjoyed the show. Quickly I picked up the towel and wiped my wet thighs down before quickly getting dressed, and then running downstairs to take Alice to her friends. When I left the house, Danny was gone.
I hoped it wasn't a one-off, now when I was riding Adam I closed my eyes and imagined Danny there instead. One week later I had the house to myself for the day and decided to go into the back garden to sunbathe. Reading an article online while out there, I saw a reflection on the screen. I quickly switched my phone to camera mode, on selfie. In the upstairs window behind me, Danny was watching me. It was time for the show to get much better...