Steven asked me to accompany him on a business trip and, as I felt I needed a break from my own business, I accepted his offer. It was only a few days in Eastbourne, but I hoped it would allow me to somehow show myself off a little - or even a lot! It had been ages since I'd last had a 'naughty experience' and I sure needed some sexual stimulation again. I think it must have been a month since I'd had even basic sex.
We arrived at our hotel late at night and went straight to bed, tired after a long, hectic day. I knew a good sleep would have me randy and raring to go.
I awoke at about eight, and my Steven wasn't about. I guessed he'd gone to breakfast without me so I had a shower. The water was wonderfully warm and the force made my body come alive. The spray soon had my breasts tingling and my nipples perky. As I massaged shower gel onto my skin, I got turned on.
"This is how I should feel all of the time," I muttered. "Stimulated and sensual."
Stepping out of the shower and into an enormous fluffy bath towel raised my senses even more. I soon abandoned the towel to look at my nakedness in the full-length mirror. I liked what I saw: a toned body, flat tummy, and large yet firm welcoming breasts with dark swollen nipples.
"Yes, not bad for forty-one," I informed my reflection.
The only imperfection, I thought, was my pubic hair. I'd allowed it to regrow.
So, using my scissors and Ladyshave, I was soon as smooth as the day I was born. Running my hand over my mound, I groaned at my newfound sensitivity. I could see my clit and my vaginal folds were now bared and unveiled. I couldn't wait to show them off.
Putting on a short, slinky, satin robe, I returned to the bedroom to see my dressed and fed husband sitting and looking out of the window. I was glowing under my sensuous covering and I could tell that he liked what he saw. I loosened the belt and the robe draped open.
He saw my shaven pussy and said, "God, that looks good enough to eat."
"Go on then."
"What now?"
"Please, yes," I whispered and stood with my legs slightly apart and my smooth mound pushed forward.
For once, much to my surprise, he did as he was asked and knelt before me. I hummed an extended, "Hmmm" as he kissed the softness of my inner thigh and licked a path up to my vagina. I glanced out of the window and was sure a man was looking from the building opposite. This almost made me cum and I shrugged the robe off my shoulders. It dropped to the floor.
Absolute heaven: completely naked and being licked and eaten while another man watched. I was on fire and thrust my groin impatiently toward my husband.
"Put your tongue in me," I groaned and reached down to part my lips. When his hot breath reached my centre, I couldn't hold back and my climax shook through me, my juices running, almost pumping, onto his tongue. I immediately came again as I saw that the man opposite was still looking. I was hot and didn't want the moment to stop.
"Strewth,'" said my husband, "you must have needed that."
He was certainly right. But, ever the typical male, he simply got to his feet and went to the bathroom to wash his face and gargle with mouthwash. I was left frustrated, needing more.
"A good hard fucking would have been nice," I muttered.
With his mint-flavoured mouth, my husband returned to inform me that he was off for the day and he'd see me at about six in the evening. Naked, I saw him to the door and tried to kiss him goodbye but he quickly closed the door behind him. "In case anyone sees you," were his parting words.
Fuck, I wish they would.
The man had also gone from the window so I prepared myself for the day ahead to see what, if any, adventures I could have.
It was sunny, so a good excuse to wear as little as possible. After a freshen-up, I put on a red, silky thong. Well, it was almost a g-string, it was so small with ribbon-like ties. It just about covered my pussy. I chose a thin dress with a low neckline that was fastened at the front with buttons. No bra was needed today, and my firm nipples showed through the material and my breasts jiggled as I walked. I felt so sexy that I was tempted to masturbate before I went out but held back to prolong the pleasure.
By the time I was ready to leave, it was nearly ten so I didn't bother with breakfast. I had a cup of coffee in the room.
Walking to the town centre, I attracted a few appreciative male glances. The sun warmed my skin and my nipples extended further. I felt amazingly free and there was a tantalising throb within my thong that made me smile with anticipation.
I walked around several shops without incident until I went into a small lingerie shop called 'Secret Things'. They had some lovely, lacy bras and thongs that took my fancy.
A pretty dark-haired girl, probably early twenties, appeared from the back of the shop, smiled sweetly, and said. "Sorry, I didn't hear you come in. Is there anything you would like to try on?"
I told her there was and she asked my bra size. I said I was sure my boobs kept altering so she suggested measuring me for a proper fit. "Fine," I agreed.
She told me to go into a smaller private room at the back of the shop while she put a temporary 'Closed' sign on the door. "I'm on my own today," she said.
The small room was very hot and intimate. I undid the top buttons of my dress and eased my shoulders out of the short sleeves. The dress fell to my hips and then, without warning, onto the floor. This was quite an accident -- I'd never had the urge to expose myself to a woman.
Sandra didn't seem shocked to find me standing in only a tiny thong and shoes. She picked up my dress, hung it over a chair, and then slipped a tape measure under my breasts to get the first size. I thought her hands were shaking, but perhaps it was just my imagination.
She then measured the fullest part of my bust on her way to working out the correct cup size. Her fingers lightly brushed my nipples. To my amazement, I shivered with pleasure.
"W-w-what style bra would you like to try?" Sandra asked.
"I'm looking for something uplifting and pretty that gives me a good cleavage but doesn't cover my nipples."
"Oh, we have a couple like that. I, err, bought myself one but my boyfriend won't let me wear it outside the house." Sandra looked a bit flustered and continued quickly, "I'll get them for you."
In a mirror, I saw my nipples were decidedly hard and I was getting damp between my breasts. I fondled my tits just as Sandra returned. She handed me the first bra and helped me do it up the back. I thought it looked incredible. My breasts were lifted and rounded by being supported underneath but my nipples were free and uncovered. In the mirror, my nipples looked so large, swollen, and erect that I wanted to touch them.
I could see Sandra looking at me and her hard nipples were showing through her blouse and bra. There was a sexual tension that I could hardly believe or even understand.
"I'll certainly have this one, please," I said.
She released the clip at the back and watched as my tits swung free.
"Do you want to try the other bra as well?"
I was a little scared by my feelings and said, "No, I think I'll just have the one, thanks."
"We also have some special breast-firming cream if you're interested."
I tried to make light of the situation and laughed. "Are you trying to say my boobs are saggy?"
She flushed. "No! Goodness no, you have beautiful breasts... oh sorry, I shouldn't have said that."
"That's okay, don't worry. Go on then, show me the cream."
"I've got a sample if you'd like to try it," she said handing me a large jar. "You can use it now if you want."
I don't know what came over me because I said, "I will if you'll rub it on me."
I felt like such an idiot saying this but she took the jar from me and unscrewed the lid while holding my gaze. She took out a large dollop of cream and gently smeared it on my right breast. It was like lightning had touched me and I let out a heavy sigh.
Sandra took another large amount for my left breast and put the jar on a shelf. Her warm, delicate hands, massaged the cream firmly into both my tits at the same time. Her red fingernails contrasted with the colour of my tits.
I stood still, my heart thumping, as she continued to smooth and rub the cream all over my boobs. I was so turned on and could feel my thong getting very moist. I arched my back slightly so that my tits were thrust forward. Sandra breathed heavily as she pulled on my nipples like she was milking them and I shuddered with pleasure. Reaching inside my thong, I circled my firm clit through the silky material.
God, I'm so wet.
Suddenly, it was as if I was out of control and I pushed the thong down my thighs and plunged two fingers into my wetness. I moaned loudly, pumping my fingers in and out of my cunt. Sandra released my breasts and stood watching me while squeezing her tits and pinching her nipples. I pounded my velvet walls while circling and rubbing my clit with my other hand.
All restraint completely gone, I started to cum. My hands were drenched and I shook as wave after wave of powerful vibrations sizzled through my body. My head was swaying, my tits bouncing, as I came again and again. Sweating and gasping for breath, I gradually slowed just as a phone started to ring.
In a daze, I heard Sandra speaking. "Good morning, Secret Things lingerie. How can I help you? Oh right... right... see you in ten minutes."
She looked at me. "That's my boss. Unfortunately, he's coming to the shop and will be here in ten minutes."
I quickly pulled up my thong and, feeling very embarrassed, reached for my dress. I was in a panic and wanted to get out of the shop as quickly as possible.
"I'll pick up the bra later, thanks," I said but, before I could do anything, Sandra cupped my face and kissed me softly on the lips while grinding her pubic bone into my thigh. She gasped as she came straight away.
Trembling, I rushed out of the shop and into the bright sunshine.
I found a seat in a coffee shop to gather my thoughts and senses. I felt foolish and yet exhilarated. I smiled. God, I'm insatiable at times.
The coffee helped pull me together but the musk smells lingering on my fingers, and the waiter looking down the front of my dress, made me realise that I was still feeling sexy.
The rest of the day went without any further adventures. I was back at the hotel just after five-thirty. I stripped for another shower and afterward decided a little masturbation wouldn't go amiss. I'd brought one of my vibrators so I lay on the bed taking it nice and easy. This break was certainly doing me good!
I then heard voices at the door. It sounded like my husband had someone with him. All I could do was quickly get under the bedclothes.
Hubby looked shocked to see me in bed, as did his business contact Jeff -- a smart, nice-looking man, about 35 years old. I mumbled something about feeling tired and having a rest. My husband explained that Jeff would be taking us out to dinner to discuss a business contract. I was to meet them at eight at a Bistro near the hotel.
"And wear something sexy," whispered my husband while Jeff was in the bathroom. "If I get this contract signed, I'll make a serious amount of money. Besides, Jeff appreciates a hot-looking woman."
As they left, Jeff said, "I look forward to seeing more of you."
"Yes, I'll make sure of that," I said under my breath.
With interesting prospects for the evening ahead, I abandoned my masturbation session.
If my husband wanted sexy, I could do sexy! Black shiny lacy topped, hold-up stockings; high heels, and let's see... ah, yes. I have a see-through top rather like a sleeveless T-shirt. It hides nothing so I normally wear a fancy bra. And a thin lacy cardigan, held together by two small buttons, to protect a little of my modesty -- at least for a while.
As I was throbbing, I decided tonight was a time to go commando -- so no thong. A clinging skirt with a button front would suffice. The look, and being naked underneath, certainly made me feel horny.
The food at the Bistro was great. I sat between my husband and Jeff and the free-flowing wine made me quite lightheaded. Any inhibitions I had, disappeared with every glass I drank.
The Bistro was empty when we finished our meal. We were in high spirits, and I was genuinely feeling hot -- temperature-wise -- so I undid my cardigan and took it off. This stopped the conversation.
"Wow," uttered Jeff, licking his lips while looking at my breasts that were far from covered.
My husband made comments about how I must have forgotten my underwear.
"Yes, all of it," I said.
"You gonna prove that?" asked Jeff. "Tell you what, if you do, I'll definitely sign the contract -- otherwise, who knows? Oh, and I'd like the guys from the Bistro to witness this as well."
I turned to my husband for help with the answer but he said nothing.
"Okay," I agreed.
Jeff went to talk with the Bistro staff who, it turned out, were his friends. They pulled down the window blinds, locked the door, and arranged five seats in a semi-circle around a high stool at the bar. I was a little uneasy but the contract was, I reminded myself, worth a lot of money. I wished, though, that my husband had given me a sign of approval for what I was about to do.
There were three staff: the owner George, about 55; his nephew Marco, around 25; and young, Leo, aged 20. They took their seats and Jeff called me and my husband to join them -- with me on the stool.
"Okay, skirt off," ordered Jeff.
I first reached for a bottle of wine on the bar and filled my glass and downed the drink in a few swallows. I needed an extra shot of courage.
While various remarks were made, I began undoing the buttons on my skirt, starting at the hem. The tension built and soon only the waistband button remained. I parted the skirt to expose my lower regions to a round of applause and various crude statements about my bare pussy. Finally, I undid the final button and my skirt fell away completely. I sat still, breathing heavily, while they took in the view.
"Now walk up and down."
I got off the stool and walked to the far side of the Bistro and back again. It all felt extremely sexy, more so than if I had been completely naked. My transparent top stopped just above my belly button and I was then naked to the tops of my stockings. The thin material caressed my nipples and once more they became harder and extended. My pussy was extremely wet.
I kept walking backwards and forwards while they watched. I felt so wanted and lusted after, I needed to show them more and for someone to touch my flesh.
I walked to Marco and sat on his lap. He appeared surprised and looked at the others while draping one of his arms around my waist. The other touched my thigh but, to my disappointment, that was all he did.
After a few minutes, I moved to George. He immediately pulled me onto his knee while grabbing at one of my tits. This was more like it. He pulled on my nipples quite hard before heading between my legs and straightaway to my wet pussy. Without waiting or exploring me further, he pushed his fingers into me, making me groan loudly. I opened my legs as he probed in and out.
"That's it," I cried, "finger-fuck me... go on, go on."
His thick fingers pounded in and out of my cunt as I spread my legs wider. I wanted everyone to see my wetness, my clit, and my engorged cunt opening with desire. I grabbed my tits as I was being pumped and my orgasm flowed over George's fingers and hand. He kept thrusting until I screamed.
"Fuck, fuck, fuck," I gasped and came again, leaving me sweating and making a grunting noise in my throat.
I sat still with my legs open while they told me what a sexy, wet slut I was. Recovering, I got up from George and stood in front of Leo. How young, fresh, and innocent he looked. He stared at my body and I held my tits and pushed my mound forward for him to touch or do whatever he wanted. A finger gently rubbed my cunt between the outer lips. I wanted more and reached for the zip on his jeans. I pulled the jeans open while looking deep into his eyes. His cock was solid with pre-cum oozing. I grasped the shaft and stroked him a few times. He moaned and a great spurt of white cream erupted, thick and warm, and onto my tummy. I wanked him until there was no more remaining and turned to look at Jeff.
"Come here, you slut."
I straddled Jeff's lap and he lifted my top and sucked hard on my nipples as I shoved them willingly into his mouth.
"Wait," he said, undoing his trousers, enabling his penis to spring free. It was massively erect, probably the biggest cock I'd ever seen. The head was purple, like a plump plum, and my fingers couldn't close around the veined girth. I did the best I could, and as I was straddling him, I stood up so that I could rub his cock against my wanting clit. I was a bitch on heat and needed this monster inside me, filling my cunt.
"Use a condom," shouted my husband and handed one to Jeff. I couldn't believe hubby was agreeing to me having sex with another man.
Spurred on by this obvious approval, I ripped off my top and lay on the floor in front of them all with my legs wide apart, knees raised. I bucked my saturated swollen cunt up and down, waiting and wanting to be fucked as Jeff rolled on the condom.
He didn't bother to undress but simply lowered his trousers with his hard and rampant penis pointing at my wet hole.
"Fuck me," I groaned. "For God's sake fuck me."
His prick touched my clit and I screamed. "Get that fucking thing in me now... please... please."
As I pushed toward him, the head slipped into me, my wetness making it easy for him to penetrate. As he pushed further I felt my cunt stretching and opening as never before. I felt I would split in two. It was almost painful and yet so pleasurable.
Even more of his cock penetrated me and I tried to suck him in deeper. I was squeezing my tits and pulling on my nipples. Eventually, he was fully inside, so deep it felt like he was massaging my womb and internal organs.
Slowly, he moved in and out, up and down, and I was gasping and thrashing about underneath him, wanting release, wanting to cum, wishing he could fill me with his semen. I couldn't take much more. I let out a scream as he pounded into me, gaining speed, faster and faster, deeper and deeper.
I shook as my climax released all of the built-up tensions. I wanted his cock to stay in me for hours and hours, filling and violating me.
Jeff then grunted loudly and I felt his sperm shoot into the condom as his cock expanded and pulsated time after time. Once he was finished and without any warning, he pulled out, leaving me feeling empty and as if part of me was missing.
"Sorry," he said, "I've got a contract to sign."
I had been used.
I looked up and there was George, wanking over me and a spray of cum splashed my breasts.
I staggered to my feet. Looking for my clothes, I first wiped away George's spunk with a bar towel. I soon had my skirt and cardigan on, the see-through top was too ripped to wear.
Jeff and my husband were shaking hands and the contract was handed over: deal completed.
"Let's go," said my husband abruptly and we left to walk back to the hotel.
"Still flashing your tits I see, you fucking whore," grunted my spouse when he saw they were barely covered.
I pulled the cardigan together, trying and hide my quivering cleavage.
"Don't bother, whore, let every fucker see," he said. "How could I be married to such a slut?"
He continued calling me whore, slut, filthy cunt, and other names all the way back to the hotel. We eventually reached our room and he angrily repeated, "You're a fucking filthy whore."
The peculiar thing was that his words turned me on again. "So, why don't you punish me, then?"
I stood in front of him and removed my cardigan and skirt. I was naked apart from stockings and heels.
"Go on, punish me."
He grabbed my shoulders and sat in a chair, pulling me over his knee with my bottom in the air.
Thwack!
"Whore." Thwack! "Fucking slut."
Each smack stung but the glow afterward took me to new heights. I opened my legs as much as I could so that he could see my anus and cunt as he struck me. Soon he was slapping my gaping pussy but I wriggled off his lap and onto the bed where I knelt on all fours with my head down and my arse high. Everything was available to him, whatever he wanted. His hard penis slapped against my bottom.
"Take me hard, be rough."
His cock was soon slamming powerfully into me as far as he could go. In and out, in and out. Then he stopped, pulled out, and fingered my anus.
We'd never had anal sex. His penis was wet and slippery from my pussy and he pushed his head at my virgin opening. I gasped with anticipation and my heart pounded until I screamed as he pierced my rosebud for the first time. I was frightened but he pushed further into me and I tried to relax my anal muscles.
Again he thrust and went further in. Soon he was fucking my arse and calling me a whore and a slut. I had tears in my eyes as he ripped into me but he withdrew quickly and turned me over, roughly shoving his penis toward my mouth.
"Open your mouth, you dirty whore."
He rubbed his cock hard until he came, aiming his spunk into my mouth. There was so much I nearly choked.
"Swallow it all, slut."
I did my best but some ran down my chin. At last, he was finished and slumped next to me.
"God," I mumbled, "what's wrong with me?"
I awoke a few hours later and went to the bathroom. My husband was awake when I slipped back into bed.
"I'm sorry," he said. "I promised Jeff he could fuck you if he signed the contract. I shouldn't have done that."
"You fucking pimp," I said.
"I guess we make a good team then, don't we, whore? Oh, by the way, I do love you. Very much."
Before I could say anything, he leaned over and kissed me and went on to make gentle, sensuous love to me, just as I remembered from when we were first married. It was wonderful as he finally filled me with his semen, our juices mingling together.
At last, I felt properly and fully satisfied.
Well, at least for a while.