It all started with the ad I placed on the Internet Trading Post site:
Would you like someone to watch...M4MW – 43
Not Ken and Barbie, it doesn't matter to me. More like Shrek and Fiona. I could care less. Straight M seeks real couple to watch. Race, age, and size not important. Don't ask for my photo, I don't want yours. Don't want to exchange endless emails. Just want to watch as you do your thing. Can host or will come to you, your choice. Let's fulfill each others fantasies.
I didn't think that I would get any real responses, but I posted it anyway. Most of the responses came from Bots and with emails that wanted me to go to their website. Mostly as I had expected, but a couple days later there was one that actually seemed to be real. It was a simple email that read:
Regular folks that think it would be fun to have someone watch. No cameras, no touching, just watch us. It gave an address and said to be there Saturday at 10:00 PM. RSVP.
Jackpot, just what I had hoped for when I placed the ad. Without hesitation I responded and looked forward to my weekend adventure. I had no idea what I might wind up seeing, but I was hopeful that I would get to watch some full on sex.
Saturday night I drove to the address I was given, which was a house that looked like every other house in the neighborhood, typical subdivision of two story colonials, small yards, no fences. There was a minivan parked in the short driveway in front of the garage. I parked on the street, checked the house number to make certain I had the right place and waited a couple of minutes until it was right at 10.
I went up to the door and ran the bell. The door was opened by a guy who looked to be a little older than me, in his early 50's, I guessed wearing a thick white fleece robe like the ones they have in the fancy hotels. He had thick gray hair, about six foot and looked to be a bit overweight, but it was hard to tell because of the robe. There was an awkward moment of silence as he held the door open about a foot.
"I'm here to watch," I said to him, trying to help him out.
"Come on in," he opened the door and stepped back to allow me to enter. "No touching, no cameras, no talking, you just sit and watch, right? Or else we quit and you leave, understood?"
I nodded my agreement. The man closed the door and then turned and started up the stairs, "Follow me, there's a chair for you in the bedroom, sit there and watch. And no talking," he reiterated. I followed him up the stairs as he continued, "We started without you, so just sit and enjoy the show."
At the top of the stairs he turned to the right and went into the open door at that end of the hall. I entered the bedroom noticing the light oak furniture, a light colored Queen Ann chair at the end of the light oak four poster bed. Upon the bed was a nude woman, blindfolded, tied spread eagle. As I was caught off guard by this, the man turned towards me, pointing at the chair and said to the woman, "He's here Babe. He's been told the rules and is just going to watch." The restrained woman didn't move, didn't struggle.
I could see her chest moving as she was breathing hard already.
I saw that she had auburn hair beneath the blindfold. Her wrists were tied to the corner posts of the headboard by what appeared to be black stockings and her legs were tied in the same manner to posts at the foot of the bed. Her breasts looked on the smallish side like pancakes with red pencil erasers sticking straight up from puddles of maple syrup there in the middle. I took in the scene as I sat and focused on her swollen smooth pussy lips as I sat down at the end of the bed.
"You know, he is staring right at your cunt Babe," dropping his robe beside the bed. Now she did squirm in a vain attempt to hide her modesty with no possibility of success. This only allowed some of the wetness to escape her as she moved her hips.
I saw him and then knew it was he that wanted an audience. He was slightly overweight, with a small pouch and handlebars, but even though only semi-hard he was nine thick inches. He reached out with one hand pinching the closest nipple while with his other hand he started to rub his rapidly stiffening rod. By the time he leaned down to take the nipple in his mouth he was fully hard, sticking straight out. He let go of himself and reached down to rub her mound as she moaned and wiggled under him. The more she moved the more her pussy shined from the leaking juice. He must have bit her as she let out a little yelp.
He was kneeling on the bed beside her working on both of her tits. The closest one he was devouring while his right hand squeezed and pulled on the other one. I sat staring at her pussy as he made a meal of her tits. With his left hand he was running his index finger over the top of her pussy lips without penetrating her at all. She started to squirm trying to make his finger enter her, but to no avail. After a couple of minutes of this he raised up on his knees and moved up towards her head bouncing his rock hard member on her face. I had an amazing view as she opened her mouth sticking out her tongue and craned her neck to try to get the moving target that kept bouncing off her face.
"You want this bad don't you Babe?"
She moaned an acknowledgment still trying to capture her prize.
He raised up, "I can't hear you."
"Yes, please, let me taste you, please." She dropped her head back down so I was looking up her nostrils for a second.
"Open wide," and he positioned himself across the top of the bed with his hard cock pointed straight down over her head. He made certain that I had an unobstructed view as he lowered himself down into her mouth. It was like he was doing pushups with about half his member going in her mouth. I watched as he methodically would raise up bringing the tip almost out and them slowly lower himself back in. She was sucking hard and raising her head to try to keep him in her mouth.
It was all I could do to not start touching myself as I watched, my own six inches begging to be released from my jeans. He must have gone on for five minutes before he pulled completely out. He went back to his knees straddling her arm. He began again to bounce his cock on her face.
"You want some more? Tell me you want it."
"More, I want more," as he allowed her tongue to lick his shaft that he had laid across her mouth. It glistened from her efforts, as did her wet lips between her legs. She was so turned on that her lower lips had started to part and she was openly leaking.
He again began to use her mouth only now faster and harder. He was pushing deeper into her mouth but she was trying to get even more. After just a moment of this his back stiffened and I could see his buttocks tighten up. She swallowed everything he gave her with only a bit of white foam indicating he had cum as he pulled out of her mouth.
He was stroking himself as he moved from her head to stand on the bed between her legs. He had his back to me as he positioned himself so he could plunge right into her waiting cunt. As he knelt down and got ready to enter her, I could see he had never gotten soft. My view was obstructed for only a moment as he spread his legs just inside hers and raised himself on his arms to do more pushups as he continued to bang away at her. This was just like having a front row seat at the porno movies.
This continued for about five minutes and then he suddenly rolled off to his right as she begged him not to stop. He was a bit flushed and breathing deeply. He didn't say anything as she pleaded with him for more. He reached into the nightstand drawer and brought out a dildo that was about the same size as he was. He rubbed it in her juices and then got an "Oh, yes" from her as he buried it to the base in her. It was an awesome view as he began to move the plastic cock in and out. "Don't we want our audience to have a good show?" he asked her as he increased the pace of insertion.
Now she had started to struggle again, not trying to get loose, but to get more. He was in control of her and himself, stroking himself to stay hard. I tried to appear to be in control of myself as well, but was about to lose it in my pants without touching myself.
He then got between her legs, laying the dildo aside and began to go at her in earnest. All I could see was his back and her outstretched limbs as his butt raised and then clinched as he thrust down into her. It must have been about five more minutes until he stiffened a bit, but kept thrusting into her. Finally he crawled off and again went up to straddle her arm. There was now cum leaking from her pussy and coating his still hard cock.
As she continued to leak cum he offered me a great view as he commanded her "Open up," and lowered himself once more into her mouth. This time there were sucking noises as she cleaned him off.
He sat back and they were both breathing hard. From where I sat the mess on the bed had made quite a puddle between her outstretched legs. Then the silence was broken by the chiming from a grandfather clock somewhere else in the house.
"Go ahead and let yourself out. Hope you enjoyed the show, we may contact you again sometime." He reached for his robe on the floor. I got up from the chair and had to rearrange myself to be able to leave. I looked back when I got to the bottom of stairs to see him standing in the robe at the top watching me. I smiled and nodded, turned towards the door and took the handle to leave. I only paused a second when I saw the picture in the living room next to the foyer. It was a family photo, two teenage kids, one boy and one girl, flanking the woman upstairs on the bed and a short bald man in his late fifties, all with arms around each other in a typical department store studio pose.
As I closed the front door behind me I had to chuckle, wondering where the stud lived and how he convinced this typical MILF housewife into having an audience for his craftsmanship.