Author's Note: This is the continuation of the journey of a man and a woman trying to keep the passion in their marriage after raising 3 kids. In previous stories, the experiences of vacations proved life-changing - and marriage saving. Now this couple continues to explore new erotic adventures and see where this road takes them...
This is a story about sexual exploration through discovering the power of a woman's inner exhibitionist. This story contains real-life experiences and re-counts actual events of our life. The writer enhanced the story in certain parts. If you are looking for a quick fuck and suck story, this is not for you.
Finally, all of this work is mine and no one else has permission to use it, reproduce it, or sell it.
*********************
Susan Flirts in a Hotel Bar
She knew why the UBER driver quickly hopped out in a rush to open the back door for her. She already noticed the driver adjusting his mirror as she sat in the back seat and was completely aware that due to the short black skirt she was wearing, she was about to give this UBER driver quite a memorable view.
The Pakistani-looking driver almost gagged when she exited the back seat. Swinging her one leg out while the other remained inside, then pausing to reach back for her purse guaranteed the man more than a split second look of her exposed white skin above her black lace-top thigh high stockings, and highly likely, a good view of her transparent white lace panties barely covering her freshly shaved pussy. She looked up at a man mesmerized. She smiled at him, knowing she just made his day, maybe his week, perhaps maybe even his year!
The hotel bar was just across the street. Not wanting to jaywalk, she chose to walk a half a block and cross at the crosswalk. The sidewalk was buzzing with people. As she passed businessmen and businesswomen leaving their offices at the end of their work day, she felt naughty simply walking down the street, dressed as she was. She was not dressed like a slut, but more like a VERY sexy businesswoman going out at the end of the long work week... and perhaps looking for fun.
As she paused at the crosswalk waiting for the signal, Susan noticed a tall gentleman dressed in a fine suit and tie stop next to her. He looked down at her, smiled, and said hello. Susan felt a rush of warmth course through her body.
The light changed and she stepped forward, ahead of the gentleman. She wondered if she still had the attention of this really great looking guy. Was checking out her ass and legs from behind? Susan knew her ass, in particular, looked good in her form-fitting short skirt and with the G-string panties she wore, she knew there were no visible panty lines.
She walked up to the entrance to the hotel, and paused before entering. Susan knew once inside she was fully committed to acting out one of her husband's fantasies.
The tall gentleman passed her, turned, and smiled again, and entered the hotel ahead of her. Susan was a bit apprehensive considering she would soon be walking into a bar to flirt with complete strangers - and with the approval and encouragement of her husband. She was both terrified and excited at the same time.
**********
This "thing" evolved over a bit of time. As with most marriages, after the first few years, family obligations, kids and kid's activities, work and work activities took most of their time. Time for each other became scarce as sleep became more of a priority. As a result, their sex drive started to diminish from lack of stimulation. Sex was "scheduled" and ebbed and flowed in passion depending on the life stresses they were experiencing. They were having "vacation sex," "birthday sex," and "anniversary sex" instead of having any sense of fun or spontaneity in the bedroom. Their intimate time together become predictable, mundane, and far from exciting. There was an emptiness in their marriage.
Neither of them cheated on the other or even had the desire to do so.
Then the day came. After years of decreasing passion, verbal jabbing, and a few passing quips of splitting up, they had a day of reckoning. They knew that many divorces are fueled by a stale love life. For their marriage to survive, changes in their lifestyle needed to happen.
Fortunately for both of them, they were committed to each other and chose to work to improve their marriage and, hopefully improve their sex life. They openly discussed their life together and how to improve it.
One item that they agreed was to look towards how they might be more respectful to each other, and consider each others desires. They talked how they might do things to turn each other on, to spice things up a bit in their marriage. Frequently those "pillow talks" seemed outrageous initially, but they always lead to great sex. And the more they kept talking about them, the more turned on they both got. Over time, what they once considered outrageous, become more accepting.
This "thing" that led them to this night seemed like it started out innocently enough. Soon after they were married, Edward came to realize he loved to show off his beautiful wife. After all, what drew him to her was not only her stunning looks, but, as was the style back then, the short shorts and thin tops with no bra that she wore.
But after the kids arrived, Susan dressed much more conservatively, taking on the role of "Mom." Almost overnight, the stunning wife became, well... a bit ordinary. Edward held his disappointment in check and kept his opinions to himself. He loved that Susan was such a great mother to his children and respected her role as "Mom." But he could not diminish the fact that he had certain desires, and he wished his wife on occasion acted a little more playfully.
**********
Susan knew Edward enjoyed showing her off. In the last few years he had been suggesting she wear more revealing clothing in public. He even began purchasing clothes that he wanted to see her in, whether it was a new bikini, a low cut sexy top, or short dresses. She initially resisted dressing provocatively where she might be seen by people she knew. But when far away on vacation, she was willing to indulge Edward in his wishes. And she had to admit that an additional benefit was a much-improved wardrobe and shoe collection.
A few years ago they had gone on a vacation to the Caribbean, and she wore outfits that she definitely would not be seen wearing at home. She recalled that one night she wore her sexiest dress, and Edward suggested she wear the short dress with no underwear. Susan actually was surprised how good she looked; and also how good she felt. Secretly, she loved the possibility of another man getting a glimpse up her dress, seeing her assets normally reserved and hidden. She found the experience...exhilarating!
Then the next day, Susan became even more daring and finally acquiesced to Edward's multiple requests - she doffed her top and went topless for the first time. Although she was reluctant to do it, she had watched other women walk around topless and always admired their confidence. She decided to just go for it, even though at that particular time, most women there were NOT topless. She felt awkward for the first few minutes, but when no one pointed, stared, or laughed, she got used to it.
She remembered getting up to go to the beach bar for a drink. She noticed a group of guys that were looking straight at her - not even trying to be covert. So instead of putting her top back on, she tossed it back over the sun-lounger and walked up to the bar passing right by those goys.
She felt her nipples harden at their stares and a gentle tingle between her legs. Actually, she felt strangely and deliciously...bad. So, after her initial hesitation and consternation, she realized she actually enjoyed this new "freedom." She found it totally liberating really.
Moreover, after her very first "topless experience," Susan noticed that her husband looked at her with "fresh eyes" and paid much more attention to her, showing a higher level of sexual desire for her. She had rekindled a sexual spark between them has not let up since.
Their sex life was on fire. They talked extensively about that experience. Instead of jealousy, Edward explained, he found those experiences supremely arousing as he watched other guys straining to get a nice view of his wife's tits.. More so, Edward was thrilled with his wife's growing confidence in her own body. This once shy, conservative, frumpy woman was becoming a confident, sexy, and desired temptress again.
Then on another holiday in Greece, they found that most beaches were "clothing optional." Edward was a willing participated first; "When in Rome...," he thought. He encouraged Susan to throw caution to the wind and join him.
Susan was reluctant initially, but eventually convinced herself that nobody knew her, and she removed her bikini top and then slipped off her bottoms. The both of them were on a public beach, completely nude with many others as close as a couple meters away.
Edward noticed a couple of men sitting in front of them paying close attention to his wife. When Edward witnessed another man's growing erection while stroking himself to his nude wife, he had to alert Susan. As he watched his wife slowly open and close her legs, he almost blew a load, right there on a public beach. It was a mind fuck to watch.
Surprisingly, Susan also found that she not only accepted, but really enjoyed, being ogled by strange men. After her first totally nude experience, Susan was surprised at not only how naughty she felt, but also how much she liked it. A side benefit was how much it excited Edward.
Those holiday experiences supercharged their sex life and reinvigorated their marriage. They felt closer to each other more than ever. Their sex life once again sizzled. The experience led to great sex, and more importantly, to open discussions about their sexual desires.
So with that background, Susan remembered when Edward first talked about this particular fantasy of his.
***********
One night they were lounging in their hot tub, naked of course, and enjoying a beautiful starlit night. The conversation was intimate, and perhaps fueled by wine, when they started talking about their sexual fantasies.
Edward worked up the courage to outline the details of this particular fantasy.
"So honey, you know I love to show you off. I really love it when you get dressed up in sexy clothes. I love when you dress more provacatively and I love the attention you get and how other guys look at you." Edward started, "So I have a fantasy, it goes like this," as he sat up in the hot tub, his voice trembling slightly as he tried his best to speak calmly.
"This should be interesting.".
Edward swallowed hard. Susan's exasperating tone made it more difficult for him. He powered through anyway. "Well in my fantasy, you will be in a bar in the City - a high-class bar frequented by businessmen. You will be dressed in a very sexy outfit; you know - killer dress, high heels, etc. After all, half the fun in this fantasy is seeing what you will be wearing going out for a night on the town."
Susan listened with trepidation about where this was going. She remembered how she felt when she dressed a little racy when they were on holiday, but this was close to home - a place she would not want to be seen dressed like that for fear someone she knew would see her.
Edward noticed the look on Susan's face, gulped and continued, "I would go in first and sit at the bar. Then you would follow some time later and find a seat at the bar, but not next to me. The idea is for you to give the impression that you are there at the bar alone, and therefore,...ahh...eligible."
Susan looked up at the stars. "What do you mean, 'eligible'? So you want me to dress like a slut and try to pick up a guy?"
Edward paused, his heart now beating faster. Looking up at the night sky trying to choose his words carefully. "First, you are not a slut. And well, I thought you would be the one to be picked up."
"I don't understand Edward. Why would you want your wife to be picked up at a bar? And I suppose you want me to flash and expose myself?"
"Let's call it teasing. Expose is such a harsh term. Anyways, you know I think you are a very sexy woman. And for years, I loved the idea of showing off my sexy wife. So when we were on holiday in Punta Cana and Greece, I don't think I've ever been so turned on as when you first went topless, or when you walked on a public beach nude."
Perhaps it was the alcohol working its magic, but Susan's thoughts went to that time on that Greek island where she felt so naughty and sexy.
"It doesn't bother you that guys see your wife's boobs and pussy?" Susan pouted playfully and batted her eyelashes at him.
He smiled as his wife seemed to loosed up. "Look, I cannot explain it. All I know is, when I walked next to you when you were topless, I was so excited to see other guys straining to see your boobs. When you were naked in Greece, my penis was like iron as I watched other guys stare at your naked body. It was like, you know...THIS is MY wife!"
But still Susan was surprised and confused by some of Edward's suggestions. Ir wasn't that long ago that Edward was the jealous type. So now he wanted her to dress in revealing outfits in public, and have men notice her?
A plethora of thoughts and emotions ran though her. On one hand, she was shocked by Edward's suggestion. However, on the other hand, she could not deny that she was feeling a tingle of excitement to dress sexy and do something so wild and naughty.
**********
Edward had preceded Susan into the bar and found a seat between two men dressed in business suits. Just as he ordered a bourbon from the bartender, his cell phone went off. It was a text message from Susan. She was in an UBER car about fifteen minutes away and wanted to make sure he was not having second thoughts. She wanted to make certain that this was still something that he wanted her to do, and to experience together.
He quickly sent a text back, "YES!! I am so excited!"
She responded with a smiley-face emoji and asked if the bar was crowded. Edward responded that there were about fifteen people in the lounge area; six at three high top tables and another nine at the bar. Mostly guys he added.
"Any cute guys?" she asked. He smiled and noticed his cock reacting ever so slightly to the thought of what was to come.
Edward now realized that this was really going to happen. His wife was into it. He was going to watch his wife flirt with strangers, and maybe even try to get picked up in a bar.
The doorman smiled as she approached, looking her up and down, opened the door for her, and gave her a nod.
"Was that nod a greeting, or a nod of approval?", she thought to herself. As she walked into the lobby, she saw herself in the mirror. A sudden thrill of pride went through her when she saw the tall blonde in an above-the-knee black skirt, white blouse, short leather jacket, and high heels. Her outfit was neither slutty nor flaunting. "For a woman in her 50's," she thought, "I still look good!" The image she saw in the mirror was of a woman who had obviously been working out and kept in shape, and she was willing to celebrate her accomplishment by showing off a little bit.
It was how she was wearing her outfit - the lace-tops of her black stockings that disappeared under her skirt, but may become visible at any time, a white button-down blouse that allowed her to control the amount of cleavage she was was willing to show, and the red heels - a little higher and sexier than one would typically wear to an office, that set her apart from her typical attire. Susan knew she was wearing something she would not typically wear out this close to her home - where she may be recognized.
She typically would not purposely unabashedly flaunt her body. But here she was dressed immodestly seductive in what some would refer to as a "come fuck me" outfit. She was willing to do this for her husband. She felt a another tingle in her pussy that only dressing provocatively in public could bring about. Perhaps she was also doing this for herself?
Initially Susan did not understand Edward's illicit desire to have her go to a bar alone, attract the attention of strange men, then flirt with and tease strange men to the point where they would be convinced she would have sex with them. But after giving it some thought, she had to admit there was something very appealing for her to know she was still desired. For her, and any woman, feeling desired is a great confidence builder. And most women, she supposed, would enjoy being seduced and desired by men.
Susan remembered back to their holiday in Greece. That holiday was one of the defining moments in her life. She discovered her inner sexual desires, long suppressed, that she previously did not even know still existed. She found that being nude on a beach, in front of many others, and being the center of attention was a huge ego boost. Susan enjoyed, and was proud of the attention she received; and she continued to work hard to keep herself in shape.
After Greece, her new-found sexual freedom continued to grow. She craved for sex, often becoming the initiator and aggressor in, and out of the bedroom. She craved to be desired, and even craved for the opportunity to once again unleash her inner exhibitionist. All of these new-found desires may have peaked later in her life, but so what? Better to experience now than always wonder. Now just past fifty, she wanted to experience more. There was no turning back.
How much she had changed. Ordinarily she would have gone out to the City wearing a more conservative, perhaps high-necked dress extending at least down to her knees. But now, her current outfit exposed more than she ever would have considered. Being dressed in such a revealing outfit changed how she felt about herself, and how she acted.
Susan turned and walked past the concierge desk towards the hotel bar located just off the lobby. Pausing at the entrance, she took a deep breath while she took in the scene. She noticed the bar was about half full with mostly men and a few women, almost all well-dressed. She saw Edward sitting at the turn of the bar between a few men.
As she entered the bar and moved towards an empty bar stool, the distinctive click-clack of a sexy woman in heels caused several guys to stop their conversation, turn towards her, and watch her every move. She noticed the guys move to allow her to pass straight to the bar. Susan could feel the eyes of strange men on her. Strangely she was actually enjoying her "entrance". She felt a sense of power in this male dominated bar.
**********
Over the past few years, Edward came to enjoy shopping and purchasing sexy clothes for his wife. More recently, his purchases were becoming more and more risque. Shorter skirts, plunging low cut tops, and the sexiest cocktail dresses were often some of the purchases he made for Susan.
They both enjoyed a game they called the "Fashion Show". They would set a date in advance for the "Fashion Show", open up a bottle of wine, and the show would begin. Susan would try on the newest purchases, trying different props such as high heels, bra or no bra, panties, no panties. They would create and talk about places they would go with Susan dressed sexy in those outfits. They both would enjoy this little game, and the end would always culminate in great sex, often with Susan wearing a particularly sexy outfit and re-enacting a certain fantasy.
For this night out, Edward's cock began to grow as he watched his wife shave her pussy, keeping only a very thin strip of hair. Edward loved that look, and she knew it. Thoughts flashed in his mind that she was preparing her pussy in the hopes that some "other man" may see a flash of it in a few hours. "I wonder how she plans on 'accidentally' flashing that pussy," he thought to himself as he felt his cock grow in his pants.
He watched Susan put on her make up wearing just a sheer white thong, and then start to get dressed. Edward purchased stockings and a pair of high heels for Susan just for this occasion. First she opened the new package of black lace-top stockings. Edward loved when she wore stockings. She pulled her the stockings up slowly, first one leg then the next. Occasionally, Susan's eyes would look up at Edward and give a sly wink.
It was a huge turn-on for him to watch Susan get dressed for her night out. Edward sat on the edge of the bed watching and talking to his wife practically non-stop the whole time.
Then she slipped on her new red heels. As she slipped each foot in, Susan's legs would part and Edward could clearly see his wife's pussy lips through the sheer white material of her thong. She pulled on her skirt and zipped the sides. She turned to the mirror to see her look.
"I think these heels make my legs look pretty good. What do you think honey?"
Edward was thinking the same thing. "You look outstanding! And I love your top!"
"I haven't put one on yet!"
"Exactly!"
She smiled as she walked across the room topless, her boobs jiggling nicely with every step. She reached into her lingerie drawer and removed a black push-up bra trimmed in lace. Edward interrupted her and suggested she not wear a bra. The subject of not wearing a bra was always something Edward suggested. The fact was, if he had his way Susan wouldn't even own a bra!
"No. I think it would be better to wear a bra that pushed my boobs up and out."
Then she pulled on a white top, leaving several buttons unbuttoned to show some décolletage. She was right. The bra made her boobs look great in this top.
"I'm getting nervous about this. I think it would be fun to get dressed up and act sexy, but...,"
"Susan, take a look at yourself, you look incredible. . And don't worry. I will be there the entire time. Nothing will go wrong. If you feel overwhelmed, just excuse yourself and go to the ladies room. You can call me and we will leave."
Susan again walked over to look at herself in the mirror. She turned, bent over, and looked at herself over her shoulder. Her moves were suggestive of a stripper dance, but in reverse. Susan felt sexy. The top was unbuttoned a bit too low for normal places; when she bent over her boobs were practically spilling out of her top. But in a dark bar, she convinced herself, this - just don't bend over.
Susan pulled her wedding and diamond rings off and handed them to Edward. "No! You need to keep those on!" Edward's stern direction confused Susan as he handed them back to her.
"I'm confused Edward. I thought you wanted me to try to get hit on!"
"I do sweetheart. But, I know guys. A wedding ring on a woman's finger means nothing. Men don't care if you are married. For them, you could be a bored wife looking for a little excitement outside of her own bedroom, or maybe a hot wife out hunting," Edward grinned. "It doesn't matter to them. Besides, it will be so much hotter and naughtier for us!"
Susan put her rings back on. She looked again at herself in the mirror and liked what she was seeing. She took a deep breath and held it for a while before turning to Edward now also wearing a confident smile. "OK then, let's go!"
After what felt like months, the night finally came for Edward. It had been a long road getting Susan to open up sexually. Despite the fact that she was a hot piece of ass physically, his wife remained rather shy by nature, her reserved disposition a product of her upbringing. She didn't really come into her own, sexually, until recently.
Now in comparison, she was brimming with confidence in herself. And now his wife was actually going to go through with this fantasy of his - now it was a different story all together. This was what HE wanted, or at least it's what he thought he always thought he wanted.
**********
Edward watched his wife pause at the entrance and then walk in. Even taller than her 5'8" with the heels she was wearing, her blonde hair bouncing and her green eyes sparkling. Her perky B-cup breasts really did not need that bra, but did enhance her look. And with long legs, a curvy figure and killer round ass, she was truly a vision that caused him to beam with pride. She did not look like a woman just past 50 - she easily passed for someone ten years younger.
And she was dressed to advertise that she was ready for fun. She wore a black leather suit jacket with that black skirt, somewhat passing for a sexy business woman. Under her jacket, she wore her white blouse with enough buttons undone to show a little of her bra. Edward could see a good bit of her cleavage in that top as the cloth moved with every step. Her long legs were clad with black stockings that he knew were lace top thigh-highs. Those killer red high heels complemented her legs and finished an outfit chosen by Edward to entice men to notice his wife.
Susan looked amazing. Her look was sophisticated-sexy, but more importantly, she "wore" a confidence that made her even sexier.
As Susan walked towards the few empty seats remaining, Edward noticed she stood straight and tall, pushing her tits out as she strode with confidence towards an open bar stool. She strode like a woman that owned the room.
He looked around and observed several guys turn to watch her every step. It seemed like every male eye was on his wife, some furtively, some more bold. He watched as men turned and looked her up and down as she passed them. He watched as guys sitting at the bar turned, appearing to hope she would sit next to them. There was no doubt, he thought, that she would garner attention from these men, which is exactly what he wanted.
As she pulled herself up on the tall bar stool, the hem on Susan's black skirt rode up her thighs and exposed some of the lacy tops of her black thigh-high stockings. This did not go unnoticed by Edward, or the man sitting next to him.
Susan settled in on the bar stool. She crossed her legs and instinctively tugged her skirt down slightly, but her halfhearted attempt combined with the shortness of her skirt still left a bit of her lacy stocking tops exposed. Her top moved as well to show a good amount of her upper breasts. The man sitting between them, who had not taken his eyes off Susan, noticed as well.
"What a nice POA!" the man turned to Edward and whispered his fondness for Susan's look.
"I thought I was the only one who noticed her!" Edward smiled back at the guy, trying to play along. In reality he was giddy with this stranger calling his wife a "Nice Piece of Ass", although he believed he was not Susan's type. This man was short, a bit portly, and balding. If everything were to work out as he expected, he wanted Susan to get hit on by a really good-looking guy.
Edward glanced over to Susan again and watched with surprised amazement on how nonchalant she looked attempting, but not completely fixing, her rising skirt. It was as if the fact that she was showing so much of her legs was completely an accident.
**********
Susan's "entrance" was easier than she expected. She noticed every man in the room appeared to immediately stop his conversation and turn to openly watch her. In the past, she would take on the role of a "shrinking violet" when cast into the spotlight. But now, somehow she felt different, emboldened somehow. It may have been the clothes she was wearing, or perhaps she was subconsciously thrilled at the prospect of her going to a bar for the purpose of teasing men.
As she approached the bar, a man turned and stepped aside offering her a bar stool. She gave the man a nod of thanks and placed her purse on the bar. Looking at the high bar stool, she realized getting up on the stool while maintaining modesty would prove a challenge. While contemplating how to get up on that bar stool like a lady, she remembered why she was here. She was here to fulfill her husband's fantasy; to act like a hotwife and tease.
Throwing caution to the wind, she swung one leg up, the action causing her skirt to ride up her thigh. Then pushing herself up she brought the other leg around. She paused for a brief moment before crossing her legs.
As she settled in on that bar stool, she suddenly felt that odd sensation that someone was watching her. She looked back and around and saw seemingly every set of eyes in the bar on her. None of the men made any effort to discretely watch her out of the periphery or hide their lust for her, but instead had the look of a predator hunting its prey. At this time, they had no idea, and did not care that it could be someone's beautiful wife waiting for her husband. They clearly wanted her attention and the possibility to "score" with her.
She also noticed a few of the women in the bar gave an almost hostile look. Was it that they sensed a new competitor in the "game", one who could pull another man's attention away from them? Her inner thoughts resulted in a little smile. Funny, she thought, how catty and competitive women can be!
Then she noticed two men sitting behind her who smiled and nodded her way. She looked down quickly, perhaps from a habit she had developed long ago. But she quickly caught herself. "You are here to play," she told herself.
Taking a deep breath, she looked in their direction again, but this time made direct eye contact for more than a split second and smiled. One of the two men raised his glass and winked at her, letting her know without words that she was noticed, and he liked what he was seeing.
"There you go girl. That wasn't so bad," she again whispered to herself. She felt her initial nervousness and anxiety from being dressed as she was, at her husband's request, and agreeing to go to a bar filled with sex-starved men, replaced now by an unexpected thrill from the attention she was getting.
"What can I get you?" The words brought her back to reality. She turned back to the bar and ordered a glass of red wine from the bartender. It was then that Susan looked down and noticed that her now-too-short skirt had ridden up higher from turning slightly on that bar stool, exposing a bit more of the lace of her thigh-high stockings. For the men standing in the right place in the bar, they would be treated to a woman displaying a lot of leg, and the extra jolt of sexiness that goes with knowing she was wearing thigh-high stockings.
Within minutes her thoughts were interrupted by the portly guy that was sitting next to Edward. The man slid down a couple seats and started talking to her. He started out with a cheesy opening line and tried to throw himself into the ring as the early contestant for her attention. They made some chit-chat, then he asked her if he could buy her a drink.
"Thanks for the offer, but I got it covered," as the bartender set the glass of wine before her. Susan was polite, but clearly not interested. Sensing her obvious disinterest, the guy reached for his phone and started scrolling. It is amazing how a woman can give a signal that she was not interested, without actually saying so. The portly guy picked up what she was putting down and moved back to his seat next to Edward.
Susan took a long gulp of her drink, hoping the alcohol would calm her nerves, sitting on a high bar stool on display, acutely aware of not only how she was dressed, but also the attention the men around her were giving.
A few minutes later, and seemingly next up to bat, one of the hot young guys from the table behind her came up to the bar next to Susan to order a drink. He did not sit down.
"Hi! I just wanted to say, I'm just trying to drink here, but you're very distracting!" his cheesy opening line made her smile.
The young guy looked down and noticed the lace tops of Susan's thigh-high stockings. This was a hot, sexy, confident, mature woman; just the kind of experienced woman a young guy fantasizes about. She looked up quickly and noticed the young guys eyes taking note of her red heels, and then moving up her legs to her partially visible lace tops of her stockings, then continuing up to her open blouse unbuttoned enough to partially expose a hint of her bra cradling her breasts. She could feel her heart beating faster, but she did nothing to close her blouse or adjust her skirt. Perhaps, subconsciously, she was enjoying being the center of this young man's attention.
"So, can I sit with you and buy you a drink so we can tell each other lies?"
Susan looked up stunned by the bold silliness from this overly confident and much younger guy. Clearly he was a "player" and was not shy about his intentions. Belying the age difference, she felt both goosebumps and a wave of warm arousal pass through her body when she looked up to see this young, hot guy smiling down at her, perhaps trying to stake a claim in order to see what was still partially hidden beneath her clothing. As if on cue, they both broke out laughing together at the cheesy pick-up attempt.
The young man grabbed his drink and returned to his table. The humor of the young guy partially pacified her uneasiness, which made her feel a bit more comfortable. She reached for her glass and took another long sip of her wine. She noticed her hand was trembling, but she did not know if was due to fear or excitement.
Susan used the reflection in the mirror behind the bar to covertly see what was happening around the bar. After several minutes of observing the playing field she could see both the young guy and his friend at the high-top table continue to pay interest in her; constantly looking towards her and continuing to eye her up and down. She thought they were both hot, although very young. As a mature woman, she knew that look. The look of male eyes mentally removing her clothing, picturing her naked, and with no pretense between them but that of wanting to fulfill their unabashed desire.
Susan knew she was decent looking, especially for a woman in her 50's, and she did everything she could to keep in shape. But these two guys were much younger, maybe twenty years younger, and although there were several younger women in the bar, they seemed to be paying a lot of attention to her. To her surprise, she was now not overwhelmed by, but was rather enjoying, the uninhibited attention of two much younger, and very hot, guys.
Her thoughts wandered to that night in the hot tub when her husband suggested she consider accepting another man's compliments... and perhaps more...
**********
"So, in this fantasy of yours, where would you be? What would you be doing?" Susan's questions temporarily eased Edward's angst.
"Well, ideally I would be in the bar also, but sitting close enough so that I can both see and hear what was happening. I want to hear the cheesy pick-up lines men use as they try to get into your panties."
Stunned by the comment, Susan sat up and looked straight at her husband. "Edward! You're a pervert! What do you mean by 'get into my panties?' Are you expecting that I am going to have sex with a stranger?"
"Well..."
Susan cut him off quickly. "What? What are you expecting? How do you expect me to act, Edward?" she said looking at him pointedly.
Susan's initial reaction gave Edward pause. His plan was not going as smoothly as he had hoped. So he decided to let it all out; put it all on the table, so-to-speak.
"What I mean is... I would you like you to be a bit more open to another man's advances," she remembered him telling her. "Don't give the impression that you are not interested. You know, play along and see where it goes. And then if things progressed and you were really into it, and the guy was amazing, I would not be upset if you were...well, you know...even a little more flirty."
Susan knew she sometimes acted too conservatively and "stiff" when complemented by guys in the past. But she still needed to clear something up.
"What do you mean by "more flirty?" She wanted Edward to explain such a lurid request. "Do you expect that I am going to let other men fool around with me? And then what? Do you want me to leave with and have sex with a stranger?" she asked, almost trembling now.
"I don't know the answer to that. And really, it's not what I want, but what you want. You would be in control. Right now, for me, I would get turned on watching men flirting with you. It's totally harmless really, and I think you would have fun enjoying the attention. Plus, I believe it would add spice to our marriage. Anything that brings more excitement and passion into our married bed should be welcomed!"
Edward paused, "But if you were really into it, I would be OK if you took it further."
"You would?" Susan was shocked. Yet her shock was not entirely because of Edward's fantasy. Susan's body involuntarily took control. She was uncertain whether the heat and blush covering her body was due to excitement and arousal, or the heat of the hot tub. She looked down to see her nipples hardened and completely noticeable in the moonlit night.
"What if I am not interested in a particular guy?"
"Well that's easy. If you are not attracted to a guy, a guy will usually take the hint and move on."
"What if he doesn't get the message and doesn't leave? What if thinks I am his for the night?"
"Really, honey, there is nothing to worry about. Remember, I will be there to make sure things do not get out of hand."
**********
Susan stared silently into the mirror behind the bar, a plethora of thoughts and emotions running though her head. On one hand, she was shocked by Edward's desire to involve her with another man. However, on the other hand, she could not deny that she was feeling a tingle of excitement to be desired and do something so wild and taboo for a married woman.
What if Edward really did want her to go to bed with another man? Shit! What if SHE wanted to go to bed with another man? Could she really do it?
In reality, Susan found herself wondering what it might be like to have experiences that she would have previously considered forbidden.
Another ten minutes went by. Susan again looked at her reflection in a mirror behind the bar. She could not believe she was going through with this. However, when she and Edward spoke about this fantasy of his, he was so excited, and became overwhelmingly so when she said she would consider actually doing it. She loved Edward so much and ultimately agreed to fulfill Edward's fantasy.
And truth was, Susan was nervous, but excited as well.
Now here she was, dressed much more sexy than usual, and flaunting her assets so openly to the men around her, and with her husband just a few feet away. Ironically what started as a nerve-wracking challenge for her, Susan now felt emboldened by the opportunity to explore aspects of herself that society often tries to control. Against the "puritanical" rules of society, she was actually enjoying wearing the sexy clothes she would normally not dare wear in public. Frankly, it was another boost in her self-confidence. She loved feeling desired and having men look at her approvingly.
So, her outfit for this night was chosen for a purpose. To get her noticed; and so far, the plan seemed to be working to perfection.
***********
The bartender placed another drink in front of Susan. "Compliments of the gentleman," the bartender motioned towards the two guys at the table.
Susan turned around. The guy at the high top table looked up again straight at her and gave her another smile. He was young, about 32 or 35 she guessed, with a short beard. She looked at the stranger, smiled and gave a nod of her head to say thank you.
As she looked around, she noticed a group of three guys, dressed in business suits at an adjacent table, pointing at her while in an intense discussion. When she looked at them, all three raised their glasses to her in a way that both acknowledged and showed appreciation for her lewd display.
It appeared there were several men clearly interested in Susan, or perhaps she was merely a trophy to be admired. She did not mind the stereotypical behavior that the men were exhibiting—even a married woman enjoyed the validation that she was attractive. Never one to want to be in the spotlight, to her surprise, in this situation she was relishing the attention of the now crowded bar. More so, she felt empowered by the attention she was receiving.
She was surprised at how good she felt; knowing every guy in the bar was straining and staring at her with such intensity. She closed her eyes and still felt the salacious gazes of strangers on her body.
Susan pulled out her phone and began typing a message intended for Edward, "What should I do now?"
"Hello. Is this seat taken? Are you waiting for your husband?" The voice startled Susan, freezing her in place. She placed the phone down on the bar before sending the message.
She looked up and saw the tall, handsome guy from the street. Edward noticed also. He was sure that this guy would impress his wife.
"No...ah...I'm not waiting for anyone," a clearly startled Susan responded. "I...I just decided to...to stop by for a drink."
"Then, may I join you?" The man asked. Edward watched Susan glance up at him, smile, and move her purse on the bar giving a silent acceptance of his offer.
The stranger looked deeply into Susan's eyes, pulled himself onto the bar stool, and ordered a scotch from the bartender.
Susan was flattered that she was receiving attention from several men in the bar. But this guy...well, this guy was not cute. No...he was HOT! It gave her an even greater boost to her confidence.
**********
Watching covertly from a few bar stools away, Edward knew that it was only a matter of time before one of the guys in the bar would make a move. After all, the bait was in the water. His wife looked so hot, sitting in this bar dressed so seductively, and SO alone. Edward was actually shocked at his wife's behavior, but in a good way. He was amazed at how far she had come tonight and how easily she was playing this game.
And it was quickly confirmed that the outfit he had chosen was a success. The sharks were circling, and soon one shark would attack. The anticipation filled him with more excitement than he even imagined when he first suggested this "game" to Susan.
Now, sure enough, a very handsome guy sat next to his wife. This guy was exactly someone Edward could imagine trying to get into his wife's panties. Tall, well-dressed, good-looking, and confident, he could tell this guy was a player. It was a validating experience to notice the interest and attention lavished upon his wife by other men.
Edward wanted to see how his wife would act. But he wondered how Susan would react to this situation. Would she continue to play, be naughty, and use her sexuality? Or would she shut down and revert back to her conservative side?
He also wondered how long this handsome stranger would spend trying to pick up his wife. He knew men like him would invest the time only if there was a better than 50% shot at having sex with her.
Edward could see the young man talking to Susan. He watched both of them laughing before the young man turned with his drinks to join his friend at the high-top table. He recalled the events that led to this night.
**********
"Go on," Susan said with cautious interest as Edward outlined this fantasy of his.
"Well, you are a very beautiful woman. I see when other guys talk to you, you kind of shut down. What I want is for you NOT to give the impression that you are not interested. You know, play along and see where it goes. Be like a woman out on the town looking for a good time. "
Susan looked down to the water of the hot tub. Truth was, she does feel a little embarrassed when other men compliment her. But why? Why does she shut down, she wondered? Was it because she wanted to prove she was the dedicated wife? The conversation was getting uncomfortable for her. When conversations get uncomfortable, she shuts them down immediately.
But yet here, her husband was asking her to act differently. Much differently. Would she want to? Would she be able to? With the steam of the hot tub enveloping her face, she wanted to explore this further, and not shut down.
"Would you let other men fool around with me?" she asked, almost trembling now.
"Uh... uh... I don't know, possibly," Edward said, his face turning red, giving himself away.
"You would!" Susan said in shock. Yet her shock was not entirely because of Edward's fantasy. Susan had her own fantasy lovers. Every woman has THAT guy; the movie star, the rocker, the high school flame, that guy in college they never really imagined being with.
"I didn't say that! I... I... guess the thought of you teasing some guy does have an appeal to me. But that doesn't mean I don't love you or that I would let you go too far," he hastened to add. "And then if things progressed and you were really into it, and the guy was amazing, I would not be upset if you were...well, you know...even a little more flirty."
"But you would let me do something with another guy? And, what does 'too far' mean anyway?" Susan asked nervously, her mouth suddenly dry as a vision of one forbidden evening not so long ago jumped into her head.
"I don't know," Edward said, now wishing he hadn't brought the subject up.
"This is hard to believe," Susan said, trying to act indignant but feeling her heart race in her chest.
"I knew that I shouldn't have brought it up. Let's just forget it."
"No!" Susan said a little too loudly, "This seems pretty crazy to me, Edward."
Then lowering her voice, "I am not willing to explore this fantasy of yours just because you think it's hot to see your wife getting fucked by someone else solely for your sordid pleasure. Perhaps not to you, but our marriage is very important to me."
Susan was staring silently into space as the hot water created wafts of steam around them on this cool night, a plethora of emotions running though her. On one hand, she was shocked by Edward's willingness to involve another man. However, on the other hand, she could not deny that she was feeling a tingle of excitement. There were a thousand questions going through her mind. What if Edward really wanted her to do something with another man? God, what if he wanted her to go to bed with another man? She, like many women, did at times dream of having a fantasy lover.
Then there was the nagging question that worried Susan more than anything else. Is all this because HE wants to have sex with another woman? She had seen her husband's admiring glances at other women. If he got the chance, would he? He was a pretty good-looking guy and it would be easy for him to attract some slut for a one-night-stand. Maybe he had already done it and he just wanted to even things out, so to speak.
"Why do you want me to be with another man?" she asked, pushing her own salacious fantasy to the side. "Do you want to be with another woman?
"No," he told her adamantly. "I am completely satisfied with you. I absolutely, hand-on-the-bible, do not wish to have sex with another woman."
"Don't bring the bible into this discussion because what you are suggesting is that I commit adultery, and that is a mortal sin!"
This was not going as planned for Edward. Plus he hated when she brought "adultery" into the discussion whenever he suggested things to spice up their marriage.
"Susan, I took a chance putting this out there. It may be hard to accept initially, but give it some time and some thought. Our love for each other is very strong, so this is something not to cure a problem marriage, but to enhance a strong one. And having a hot sexual experience is something you deserve," Edward told her bluntly.
What Edward did not divulge was that he had other, more intense fantasies. He imagined another guy licking his wife's pussy and bringing her to an incredible orgasm. He imagined his wife sucking another guys cock. And he imagined seeing another guy's large cock slowly entering and stretching his wife's tight pussy, fucking her hard. It turned him on.
Susan paused, wanting to choose her response carefully. "You actually want me to have an affair?"
A silence dimmed Edward's anticipation and excitement. Clearly Susan was not ready for a discussion like this.
"All I am saying is think about it," he finally told her. "If you're uncomfortable about it, fine, don't do it. I do not want to force you into anything. But I can't help it that I fantasize about you dressed sexy, getting picked up at a bar, and having sex with another man," he told her.
*******
"I take it you work around here?" questioned the stranger.
Susan was taken initially by the strangers piercing eyes. She reverted to the story that she and Edward developed.
"No, I came to the City to meet a girlfriend, but on the way in, I found out that an emergency came up and my girlfriend needed to cancel our night out. So I thought, what the hell, my husband is out of town, I am already in the City and dressed for a night out, so I decided to stop in for a drink before going home."
The stranger looked down and noticed that she was wearing a wedding ring, validating she was in fact married. "Well, I'm glad you did!"
Susan smiled nervously as she checked this guy out. She liked the way he looked. He was definitely easy on the eyes. He had dark brown hair, a little scruff of a beard, green eyes and a wonderful smile. She was instantly attracted to him, and the realization of that made her start to feel like she was cheating on Edward somehow.
Then she felt a flash of heat welling up from deep within her body as her pulse quickened. She was unsure, however, if this reaction was from her blushing from the attention she was receiving, or if it was due to lust from a desire hidden after so many years as a dedicated wife. Ironically, the attention she was receiving from the men helped her overcome her initial nervousness, her anxiety being replaced by a thrill at the attention she was receiving. Maybe Edward was right. Perhaps acting out this fantasy of his would actually be fun for her as well.
Her fingers made little nervous circles around her glass of wine. She looked down and noticed her lace stocking tops were now even more visible, the tight short skirt betraying any modesty. Subconsciously her hand moved down and pulled the hem of her skirt down in an attempt to adjust her skirt.
She looked back up at the stranger. He had obviously noticed her lace-top stockings as well. She bit her lip nervously as the stranger's piercing eyes were complimented by a prurient smile, the stranger sensing that this hot piece of ass may be a hotwife out to play.
She looked down again and noticed her blouse had shifted opening further; revealing the top of her bra. Her breasts now bulging and practically hanging out of their confines, heaving with every breath she took. She was not only wearing a sexier outfit than usual, she was also flaunting herself as well. She was still uncomfortable...and yet...strangely aroused.
It was impossible for Susan to ignore the stranger blatantly taking in every curve of her body. The glasses of wine she finished seemed to not only calm her nerves, but enhance her feelings as well. She had to admit, she was enjoying being objectified by these younger men in the bar.
Susan's arousal was subconscious and uncontrollable, startling her with a sudden flush throughout her body at all the attention thrown her way. She could feel her nipples hardening under her blouse. The dampness in her thong panties from her pussy juices flowing was unmistakeable. While she was hoping not to be embarrassed in this public bar from her body's response, she was thrilled at another man's appreciation of her body. After all, she was getting older, and she wanted to enjoy this while she could. What woman would not enjoy knowing that she was still attractive, sexually desirable, and sought-after?
**********
A few weeks passed without another word of their conversation in the hot tub. But their sex life remained hot and very active. For a couple in their 50's, they continued to have sex on average twice a week.
As the weeks went by, Susan realized she could not get Edward's fantasy out of her mind. She actually became excited at the thought of teasing men, reminiscing of her experience in Greece. More so, the idea of men flirting with her was a big turn-on. For an older women, there was a certain ego gratification in still being viewed as sexually desirable, even discretely promiscuous.
So the truth was, Susan realized she was actually intrigued by, and was becoming open to, fulfilling Edward's fantasy. After discovering the power of exhibitionism from their holidays in the Caribbean and Greece, her mind was toying with the idea of her getting dressed up, going to a high class bar in the city frequented by businessmen, then "allowing" herself to be hit on. Maybe now, she thought, she may even allow another man to touch her.
"Edward, you mentioned to me a few weeks ago that you wanted me to become more open to men."
"Well...I...," Edward was caught by surprise. They were out for a night on the town and he did not know where his wife was going with this. Hopefully she did not want to start a fight.
"OK, I want to do it!" Susan interrupted. Her words in the middle of dinner at a nice restaurant caught Edward by surprise.
"What?"
Susan leaned in a little closer. "OK, here's the deal. I will get dressed up, go to a bar, and well, see what happens. But I will play along only to a point. I will not go to bed with another guy. So, do you still want to go through with this?"
Edward was surprised, yet pleased with the words coming out of Susan's mouth. It was interesting that she mentioned about going to bed with another guy. He did not talk about that with Susan. Was sleeping with another guy something SHE was considering?
The truth was, he often had
"Well yes, of course! That would be such a thrill...and I think for both of us...I am sure!"
Edward adored and cherished his wife so much that he wanted her to experience happiness, pleasure, new feelings and most importantly unbridled sexual gratification, Edward also had to admit that deep down, he was incredibly turned on by the thought of sharing his wife with another man.
As long as she was open and honest with him, she had the "green light" to do just about anything.
**********
Edward felt his erection rising as he watched his wife surreptitiously. Before long, Susan turned towards the handsome stranger and, at that point with her back to Edward, he could not hear clearly what was being discussed. Edward was sitting far enough away from them that he could only hear bits and pieces of the conversation. He had hoped to be able to hear the cheesy pick-up lines guys use to get a woman's initial attention.
On occasion, he heard Susan laugh and, at times, he saw Susan play with her hair. He tried to imagine what was being said between the two.
More so, Edward wondered what the handsome stranger could see. He knew that when sitting at a high bar stool, a woman in a short skirt would be unable to cover her assets at all times. He was certain the handsome stranger was getting some pretty good views of Susan's legs, perhaps even her lace-topped thigh-high stockings.
His mind drifted to hoping that Susan, from time to time, would become "careless" and show more than just a bit of bare thigh above her stockings. He wondered if, and actually hoped that, his wife would give the stranger more than a casual glance beyond the stocking tops!
Then he noticed that his wife seemed to be engrossed in a deep conversation with this stranger. She was smiling, giggling, and flirtatious. From a "safe" distance, Edward watched as the stranger paid all his attention to his lovely wife. Then unexpectedly, he watched as the stranger pulled Susan close to him and whispered in her ear.
When his wife shook her head as if to say "no", Edward wondered about the subject of their exchange and wished he could eavesdrop on every word. What did he ask? What did she say "no" to? Strangely, with mixed emotions, he was becoming fascinated watching this unfold.
He was so excited with Susan agreeing to implement his fantasy - that she would allow herself to drift far out of her comfort zone just to make her husband happy.
Then his thoughts started to wander again - wander to that picture of his wife on her back, receiving pleasure from another man - a man much more endowed than himself - and his wife moaning in unbridled pleasure...
**********
Susan re-crossed her legs. She looked down as the now-too-short skirt seemed to have a mind of its own. The rebel garment once-again rose even higher, revealing a bit of her uncovered thighs above the lacy tops of her stockings; enough to tease without exposing herself.
The act of crossing her legs drew the stranger's attention as well. But this time, she did not even attempt to pull the hem of the skirt down, even though she knew the handsome stranger's eyes were glued to her legs. Susan accepted his offer for another drink, now her third, and the stranger ordered another round for both of them.
Susan could feel the eyes of the stranger all over her body. She thought again about re-adjusting her skirt. Normally she would continue to tug and pull it down, not allowing her upper thighs to be visible. But for some naughty reason, she left it as-is. Her decision unexpectedly surprised herself as she felt strange sensations course throughout her body.
Susan could feel her face turning red, and the heat welling in her pussy. In such a short time, she was becoming completely enamored by this stranger; his demeanor matched his good looks. The stranger engaged Susan in conversation that she enjoyed. Yet during their conversation, she also noticed that the stranger's eyes drifted away from hers, to the opening in her blouse, down to her legs, and finally to her heels.
Susan was trying to sort through her feelings. She had never even considered dressing so sexy in public before, but yet here she was wearing an outfit that perhaps now displayed too much. She looked down. Her skirt had risen even higher; now completely above her stockings, revealing a large expanse of her uncovered thigh, the black lace providing quite the contrast with the white of her thighs.
"I think thigh high stockings are the sexiest. And I love how you are wearing them!" the stranger leaned in close to whisper so only Susan can hear. The unexpected and direct comment resulted in another hot flash pushing throughout her body. Her eyes moved up to the stranger's.
"You are a very sexy woman!" the stranger whispered directly to her. She blushed, but this time not from embarrassment. For the first time in years, another man openly complimented her body. And this man was a much younger hottie.
Susan could no longer deny her body's state of arousal. She could not avoid the overwhelming feelings and her body's involuntary responses from another man's appreciation of her body. She felt her pussy lips swelling and moisture dampening the sheer cloth of her thong as she felt the heat of her arousal flood between her legs.
Without realizing it, Susan had already had a couple drinks and was now sipping on her third. She thought that she had better slow down when she realized she was actually feeling her body's reaction to the alcohol. Yes, she was getting a little light-headed. The alcohol seemed to not only enhance her feelings, but also allowed her the enjoyment of being the center of attention.
The combination of drinks, a very handsome guy vying for her sole attention, and being in her teasing state of dress strangely gave her unmistakeable feelings of pleasure. She felt her nipples tighten. She blushed at the thought that her nipples may be visible poking through her bra and her blouse. She felt moisture welling and soaking her thong. She squirmed a little in her chair. Clearly sexually aroused, she now had to consider...how far would she let this go?
There was an uncomfortable silence between them - seconds seemed like minutes. She looked up and the stranger just kept a mischievous smile on his face as he continued to drink in every curve of her body.
"Excuse me while I use the ladies room." Although she could barely contain her excitement, she needed a little time-out to assess what was happening.
In a gentlemanly manner, the stranger jumped off his bar stool to offer her help.
Susan swung her leg around and slid off the bar stool. She smiled when she caught the stranger staring at her long legs. The act, while innocent and seemingly unintentional, served to provide the handsome stranger with a brief but unobstructed view up her skirt, past the lace tops of her stockings, to her pussy, now barely covered in the thin material of her thong panties that now had become sheer by the wetness flowing from her sex.
She remembered how flustered and anxious she had been entering the hotel lobby, wondering how she would be judged; an "older" woman going to a bar filled with men, alone. But look at her now. Yes, her skirt and blouse were "professional". But her blouse unbuttoned just one button from "appropriate." And, the length of her skirt that exposed the lace tops of her thigh-high stockings now became even more visible to the entire bar as she moved off her bar stool.
Susan paused to consider how much, in such a short time, she had changed. From dressing conservatively and never, ever thinking about exposing her private bits, to now not only dressing to impress another man but actually getting turned on by flashing strangers, and all this in front of her own husband. All of this, happening as fast as they were, began to overwhelm Susan.
**********
Edward watched his wife's every move and noticed as the stranger's eyes moved down to her legs, offering to "help" her off the stool. As she slid off the stool, even from where he was sitting, Susan exposed a bit of the bare white skin above her stocking tops. He was sure the stranger noticed as well. It was sexy as hell!
Susan walked past him without saying a word. Edward wondered if he should follow her. He remembered their plan that if Susan was uncomfortable with anything during the evening, she could go to the bathroom and call him on his cell phone. He was hoping that Susan was not tapping out.
Edward nervously took another sip of his drink. He had been nursing the same drink for a while now, his attention completely on watching his wife from just a few feet away. It was such a turn-on watching his hot wife sit at the bar looking so sexy, appearing to be by herself, and watching her gain the attention of several men. It was like watching sharks circling prey. When the handsome stranger took a seat next to her, he knew this was the "shark" who would try to come in for a kill.
Edward felt a sense of pride that his wife was starting to attract men like flies. This stranger in particular was a handsome man in his early 40s, he guessed. He was about 6'2" tall and dressed in suit and tie. Clearly, her type.
Now with a sort of "break" in the action, Edward was able to collect his thoughts. He loved when people checked out my wife. Watching his wife enter the bar dressed up like she was in public was supremely arousing. And watching the reaction of other men, it was a reaffirmation of her hotness.
From Edward's point of view, their sex life was wonderful. They shared a close and intimate sex life that included regular, satisfying, and occasionally passionate sex. But of course, when you're married for decades, and with the stresses of everyday real life, there was a need to keep things hot; to spice things up in the bedroom.
To be clear, Edward never cheated on Susan, nor even had the desire to have sex with another woman. He did not wish to "swing" or have a full swap with another couple. He was also not a "cuckold". He was never turned on by scenarios that included humiliation.
Instead, he loved the thought of Susan owning her sexuality, enjoying sex, and becoming a powerful sexual being. He wanted her to be free to express herself sexually. He loved her so much he wanted her to enjoy everything in life. He was turned on by, and felt empowered by, having a wife that other guys desired, yet always came home to him.
When his wife agreed to fulfill his fantasy, Edward could not contain his excitement. After so much build-up, here he was witnessing his loving wife, dressed to impress, getting hit-on by guys in a bar. He was watching it play out in real time. This was his fantasy come true.
Reflecting further, he could not believe the shift in her demeanor. Just a couple of years ago Susan was one of the most reserved, conservative, woman he knew. Now here she was in a bar, dressed to kill, with strangers feasting on her body with their eyes, and her playing the part of a hotwife out to play.
Then he remembered, waking up in a sweat recently, and more turned-on than he had ever been in his life. He just had a dream of watching his wife getting fucked by another man. A thought passed through his mind - how far would she let this go? Would she succumb to an offer of intimacy from another man?
**********
As Susan entered the ladies room her phone sounded. It was a text from Edward. "Are you OK?"
Edward's text gave her pause, interrupting her body's animalistic sensations. Having a fantasy, and talking about exploring it, was one thing. Now experiencing it in real life was entirely different.
She looked at her reflection in the mirror. Her face was flushed and looked like a woman who just had sex. Her breasts heaved inside her blouse, aching to be set free and touched. And then there was the notable wetness between her legs. She did not look like a straight-laced, happily married 50-something woman from the suburbs. The woman she saw was s vixen, dressed and hungry for sex. Her body was taking over, overloaded by the sensations of arousal, desire, and even lust. She was ready to let this night take her wherever.
She texted back, "I'm good. Just moving VERY fast."
Edward's response was encouraging. "It looks like you hooked a hot guy! Congratulations!"
Susan was a devoted wife and having sex with anybody but her husband was something that never entered her mind, let alone even considered. She was initially taken aback at Edward's passing willingness to allow her to explore her sexual side with another man. Even her hottest fantasies always involved her husband. Not once did she fantasize about having sex with anyone other than Edward. However, she had to admit to herself, Edward's urgings sparked a flame within her.
His next text gave her more encouragement. "You look so damn sexy! Have fun!!"
Reaching up under her skirt, she pulled off her wet panties and stuffed them in her purse. They were becoming so wet to the point of being uncomfortable. Besides, she figured that she mind as well put on a complete show for this handsome stranger, and for Edward.
"Am I really going to do this," she thought?
Another text from Edward. "Are your panties wet?"
Susan smiled. They seemed to have this mental telepathy. After so many years of marriage, he knew what was going through her mind.
Susan typed her return text, "Had to remove them!!"
"She removed her panties!" Edward thought to himself, the text causing quite a stir in his pants, an inexplicable arousal continuing to build within.
Then another thought came into his mind. Does she plan to take it further than we talked about? What if she really liked this guy and actually chose to go to bed with him? The thought did excite him, but was he prepared for that?
Then he realized, his dick was aching in his pants. He didn't think he could get any harder.
Susan fixed her make-up, re-adjusted her blouse and pulled her skirt down. She opened the door, took a deep breath. More people, mostly men in suits, but a lot of women also, filled the place up. She attempted to walk confidently to the now-crowded bar. Looking around, it seemed to her that everyone's eyes were focused on her every move. Strangely, instead of embarrassment, Susan felt empowered. The men and women didn't know she wasn't wearing panties but the way she acted changed. She felt sexy, confident, sure, but vulnerable...and very naughty - almost thrilled at the possibility of somebody discovering her secret.
She saw a few women turn towards her. She didn't know if they were judging her, or applauding her confidence. She noticed every man's eye went straight to her tits or legs. What vibe she was giving off? With each step, she pushed her boobs out a little more and swung her hips with a little more accent. She felt like she was the object of the entire bar's attention, and for her it was exhilarating!
She again felt the heat of her arousal between her legs. Just about an hour ago, she remembered how flustered and anxious she had been as she first entered the bar dressed like this. Now, a little cooling breeze reminded her that she was commando under this skirt. Being bare down there made her feel deliciously sexy. All of this fed her confidence and further empowered her.
As she reached the bar stool, the handsome stranger was waiting, graciously saving one of the only unoccupied stools at the bar. He welcomed her back with a smile, and extended a hand, offering assistance for her to slide up on the bar stool. Susan appreciated chivalrous gestures, but she knew what he really wanted was to have the possibility of another look up her skirt.
He gently grabbed her arm. Susan paused as she could not help but notice that the man's touch sent a wave of goose-bumps rising throughout her body. She felt her pulse speed up on the now close and much more intimate proximity of the stranger.
She swung one leg up. The action predictably caused the tops of Susan's thigh high stockings to become visible again. Susan noticed the handsome stranger's eyes glued to her legs as he "helped" her get up on the stool. The movement separated her thighs and served to keep her legs open and, perhaps, gave the stranger an unobstructed view to her pussy. However, with the dim light of the bar, she doubted that he could really see anything.
Susan was in control now. With all her inhibitions gone, perhaps fueled by a couple glasses of wine, she took her time before pulling the second leg up. She looked at him and gave him a knowing smile, a silent "enjoy yourself", to let him know she was OK with him looking.
The audible gasp she heard assured her that he indeed got a little more than a fleeting glimpse of her now panty-less pussy! His face showed no emotion. Just complete focus on the prize between her legs, changing from quick appreciative glances, to now outright bold stares, as his eyes ran over her seductive curves. A feeling of excitement ran through her body from the young stranger's blatant admiration of her body.
"Beautiful!" He said still holding onto her arm. There was an air of quiet confidence about this guy.
Finally, as if to end the drama, she pulled her other leg up. She felt the fabric of the stool on her bare ass, her short skirt providing little material to pull it down under her ass and the lack of panties provided the unusual sensation.
Susan looked around. It almost seemed like the eyes of the entire lounge were on her as she sat at her bar stool and crossed her legs slowly. Even with her legs crossed, she wondered (hoped?) if others could see up her skirt. Her heart was thumping in her chest. Strangely, she did not feel embarrassed, but instead could feel her pussy getting engorged, throbbing for a touch. She didn't know how many saw her brief exposure, but the thought that she had flashed her pussy to a lucky guy had her juices flowing even more, if that was possible.
The couple of seconds of exposure felt like an eternity.
Then Susan's heart nearly stopped cold as the stranger moved in closer and his next words left his mouth, "I am so glad you came back to me." Now averting his eyes from her legs or her cleavage, the stranger's piercing eyes were focused intently on Susan's.
He placed his arm was on the back of her bar stool, his hands brushing lightly on the bare skin of her neck. The man's touch sent jolts across Susan's body at the skin-to-skin contact. Susan could feel goose-bumps spread throughout her body and her nipples tighten yet again. She stared straight ahead across the bar to the vision in the mirror.
The control she thought she had, she was now losing. As she could feel her pussy getting wetter and wetter, she was getting hornier and hornier. Her nipples ached to be touched, to be squeezed. Her pussy yearned for attention. A desire drifted through her mind as she desperately needed relief, whether it be from Edward, or this stranger.
She looked towards her husband almost as if she needed reassurance that everything was okay. Surprisingly, she found him openly smiling at her, giving her a "thumbs-up" nod of approval and mouthing the words, "I Love you!" to her. Instead of jealousy for this handsome stranger clearly trying to close the deal with his wife, Edward appeared to be giving her the green light to go further.
Susan was now fully aroused; her breathing shallow, her heart racing, her nipples tightened, and the juices in her pussy flowing. Her carnal feelings and sensations were taking over and controlling her actions.
**********
Edward watched his gorgeous wife re-enter the bar area and thread her way through the maze of tables and bar patrons. He watched several men turn towards her, then part to allow her through and continue the stare as she passed them. He loved when his wife dressed in a provocative and suggestive manner, and he could not be more proud as he watched other guys check out his wife. Seemingly, every male eye was on his +wife, some furtively, some more overtly. Edward knew his wife was attractive. And here, in this bar filled with businessmen and women, he was loving watching people staring at his sexy wife, seemingly undressing her with their eyes, thinking naughty thoughts about her.
So here was his wife of almost thirty years, looking sexy, confident, sure, and proud. She was giving off an aura about herself, and others were picking up on her vibe further feeding her confidence and further empowering her. He could feel the energy from her confidence and others excitement.
Edward felt his erection rising as he watched his wife surreptitiously. He thought of his wife getting up and down on that bar stool, showing all that leg in a now-crowded male-dominated bar. Now, after her text that she wasn't wearing any panties, and now knowing his wife's pussy was uncovered just inches under that skirt, he was excited even more. He felt his cock growing even more in his pants. He looked down at his drink and smiled while imagining that later these same guys may be home fucking their own wives, or maybe just jerking off, but dreaming about his sexy wife and what she showed them.
Now, with the highest confidence and the way she looked, along with the text he just received that she removed her panties, he could not be more proud to call this woman his wife. With his growing cock now oozing precum, he anxiously awaited Act II, to see what happened next.
Edward tried to not be too obvious watching as the good-looking stranger boldly placed his arm around his wife. The stranger's arm was now resting on the top of her bar stool, his hand on occasion touching her neck. He knew many younger men may actually prefer older women, a woman experienced and without the emotional entanglements or demands that younger women can have.
Susan seemed even more alive and excited as she talked to the stranger. He noticed the unmistakable signs that she was getting aroused, seemingly slowly falling under his spell. He was witnessing his mature wife being seduced in front of his eyes by a very good-looking, obviously successful, and much younger man.
Edward's emotions ran from a mix of jealousy, to being very turned on. In today's society, many men would jealously object to their wife going out and flirting with a stranger. And yet here, watching from a short distance away, Edward was turned on by that scenario.
**********
"I just realized, I don't even know your name. My name is David."
Susan's daydreaming was interrupted by the stranger. A bit startled, she turned, smiled and almost instinctively responded, "Nice to meet you, David."
It was then that Susan realized that David was now physically closer to her, leaning into more of her "personal space." His eyes never moved away from her body. Not surprisingly, she felt her body flush with desire at the attention she was receiving from this hot guy. SHE was becoming One Hot Mess!
Susan could barely think as she heard David's voice, "So, you said your husband is out of town?"
Susan did not respond audibly. Instead she turned her head, looked straight into David's eyes and nodded affirmatively, but seductively.
David leaned in to Susan and placed the palm of his hand on Susan's knee. Susan said nothing as the handsome stranger's fingers gently rubbed her knee and glided upwards just slightly. It seemed like he was testing the waters, so to speak, testing her tolerance.
She bit her lip nervously. Susan could have sent a signal by blocking any further movements of his hand, but to her surprise, she did not mind this at all. She was actually enjoying his touch against her skin. Truthfully, at this point, she was so completely lost in the moment and so turned on that she would have been willing to let this stranger's hand drift even further upward.
David's eyes stared straight into Susan's. He suspected she was a bored wife looking for a little excitement outside of her own bedroom or a hotwife out hunting.
David leaned in to Susan, whispering in her ear, "You are a very beautiful woman. What does your husband think about you being out on the town alone?"
Startled, Susan fidgeted and had a little trouble swallowing. She felt uneasiness of not knowing where things were going and what would happen next. Susan's mind seemed to be in a trance and unable to think straight as her body was taking over. Almost involuntarily she leaned into the stranger resting her head on his shoulder as she glanced back at her husband to see what he thought of her potentially willingly acceding herself to another man. To her surprise and continued confusion, he merely nodded his approval at her.
Still looking at her husband, she nodded her head, and she whispered back, "Well, he knows where I am, and I am pretty sure he knows exactly what I'm doing!"
Although the words came out of her mouth, the choice of words still surprised Susan. It was as if her subconscious had an alternate itinerary and was taking over. Sitting in a bar dressed like this, flirting with another man and yet wearing her wedding rings, she thought she knew exactly what she was doing. She knew that she was sending David sexual vibes, and he was reacting positively as well. She had almost forgotten that her husband was watching everything unfold from just a few feet away. She just didn't know how far to take this little game.
"Your husband does not mind you going out to a bar dressed to kill?"
Thinking back to when Edward first suggested this scenario, she remembered initially dismissing it as one of his fetish desires. Yet she volunteered to play his game...and she had to confess, she was really enjoying it. Edward's fantasy had changed her ideas of herself and her sexuality, and now a sexually independent woman had been unleashed. So here she was, the former conservative, shy, reserved, straight-laced woman now willfully engaging in naughty role play with an incredibly good-looking man, and with her husband not more than ten feet away. And she could not be more turned on!
Turning back towards him, she lowered a smoldering gaze at him. "Well, I am pretty sure my husband would not mind me getting attention."
David smiled as Susan continued, "In fact, I think he would enjoy it. Perhaps it makes him feel good in some sort of strange way."
Susan glanced over again and saw her husband smile with that "look". She knew exactly what that "look" meant. He was loving that she was out in public, and dressed to show off her body. She knew he wanted her to flirt a little. She guessed he may still have that fantasy about her actually getting picked up in this bar and taken away - perhaps even consenting to her sleeping with a stranger.
**********
Edward could feel his hardened cock surge in tumescence in his pants, straining against his trousers as he watched the erotic drama unfold from a few bar stools away. For the past 45 minutes, Edward watched his beautiful wife flirt with stranger and garner the sole attention of the hottest guy in the bar. She was impeccable in playing her part; sending all the signals of interest, showing a lot of leg and a bit of her cleavage, engaging in deep conversation, laughing, and even occasionally leaning into the stranger.
And the stranger was paying all his attention to his lovely wife. He was witnessing his wife being seduced in front of his eyes by a younger, handsome, and successful-looking man. The entire sight was erotic and driving him wild. It was, for Edward, the ultimate aphrodisiac; better than watching porn.
Edward saw the stranger lean in close to Susan and whispered in her ear. At that moment, a wicked smile flashed across her face - then after a moment's hesitation, she shook her head as if to say "no."
Edward wondered, "What did he ask her?" and "What did she say 'no' to?" Strangely, with mixed emotions, he was still both jealous and turned on watching this unfold.
When Susan looked at him, it was as if she was trying to communicate, perhaps asking for permission to fuck this guy. He noticed she looked a little flushed and agitated, while still excited but a little confused. He wished he could hear what was being said between them.
Edward knew that he had a "hot" wife and, with great pride, was enjoying the show developing in front of him. But he did wonder...did this stranger not know she was married. Or did he?
***********
David leaned in close. "I am going to be a little inappropriate here. But I need you to confirm something."
Susan turned to face him and gazed into those eyes that made her weak. "Go ahead, ask me anything."
"You can just nod yes, or no. I just got a glimpse of something wonderful, and I just needed confirmation. Are you wearing panties?"
Susan blushed but looked directly at him and took a sip of her drink and slowly nodded in the negative.
Sensing an opportunity, David leaned in close again. "Well, you I think you are a totally hot and sexy little vixen," he said. "And I would love to get to know you better."
Susan's heart fluttered as she looked up at David. It was impossible to mistake his lust-filled salacious look. She felt the heat of his gaze once-again moving down to her legs, stopping to take note of her red heels, then her exposed lace-tops of her stockings, then roaming up to her breasts, taking in every bit of curves. His intentions were clear and painted on his face. His look - so intense.
"Then, if I may be a little forward, would you like to go somewhere a little more quiet?"
Susan paused as her heart fluttered and her body responded involuntarily before her. Her arousal was unmistakable. Her breathing was fast and shallow, and she could feel her juices flowing and once-again pouring out of her pussy from a subconscious desire. Despite her obvious arousal, she remained both confused and shocked at David's direct proposition.
She was unaware how long it was before she answered. Time seemed to stand still.
"What do you have in mind?" were the only words Susan could think of at that moment biting her bottom lip subconsciously.
Susan immediately wanted to retrieve those words. Did she just acknowledge her acceptance of sleeping with this man? She could feel her entire body flush with shame, her face blushing regretfully from her thoughtless response and her lascivious behavior.
She nervously reached for her wine. She could not remember if this was her third or fourth glass. With two usually her limit, she could feel the alcohol starting to have an effect on her ability to reason and process what was happening. Still, she needed something to subdue her nervousness.
David leaned in close to whisper in her ear. The warmth of his breath on her neck confirmed the unmistakable entry into her personal space, causing goose-bumps to trickle across her body. "Well, I am in town for a few days and I have a hotel room just a few blocks from here. To the point, I would really like you to join me tonight for a quiet drink."
Susan tried to process her thoughts and desires as quickly as possible. Her body seemed to be in control, reacting to the stranger's good looks, compliments, and obvious desire to take her to his room and have his way with her. Strangely, much of those carnal thoughts appealed to her.
A mental image flashed before her - she was standing before David as he slowly removed her clothes, leaving on only her thigh- high stockings and her heals. The younger man taking his time absorbing every inch of her body, his eyes following her every curve. His eyes ignoring her body's slight imperfections typical of an older woman.
Her breathing quickened and was erratic as she once again felt her nipples tightening and aching to be squeezed. It was a natural physiological response for any woman, she convinced herself.
Then she imagined him guiding her to his bed while he removed his own clothes, unleashing a long, thick, and very rigid cock. Then crawling onto the bed, she imagined him moving between her legs, lifting and spreading open her legs, and positioning himself to impale his huge cock into her married pussy.
He did not ram it in immediately, instead teasing her as the tip of his cock brushed the outside of her vagina. Her pussy lips parting as if welcoming his member. Then inch-by-inch, David's big, long cock filling her completely.
Snapping out of her trance, she was surprised with herself, perhaps ashamed, for allowing her mind to wander to such a place. She shook the image away, but couldn't help to revel in the taboo nature of the moment.
Although typically forbidden, what woman would not want to enjoy a night of erotic, sensual, no-holds-barred behavior, she thought? Why not allow her body to be ravaged sexually by a handsome stranger, in the proverbial "one-night-stand"? Wasn't she given a "hall pass" by her husband to enjoy herself?
To her surprise, her scandalous thoughts reinforced what her husband had confessed to her - that this night out would be an erotic adventure that would give them both great satisfaction and add another dose of spice to their marriage.
Yet another section of her brain tried to wrestle with reality. She was not yet ready for this. She looked away from David and stared at her near-empty wine glass. "You understand I am married, don't you?"
"I do, but..." David stopped as he watched Susan turn her head.
Feeling self-conscious that she was ignoring Edward, Susan turned away from David and looked behind her at Edward, trying to act nonchalant as her heart continued to flutter erratically. Looking back at her husband, Susan was undecided on what her next move should be. She was looking both for help to get her out of this situation and to see his reaction.
Edward's eyes met hers. Their collective gazes were locked on each other. What was clear was they both exhibited the confusing mixture of emotions - excitement, turned on, scared, jealousy.
The idea of flashing, flirting, and teasing was exciting to Susan as she enjoyed her inner exhibitionist. And for an older women, there was a certain ego gratification in still being viewed as sexually desirable. But the idea of spending the night with, and being fucked by, another man, she concluded, was something she was not ready for. Not yet anyway.
David saw the "look" between Susan and Edward. Clearly, this was a look of familiarity. A silence prevailed for longer than what would be considered awkward.
David leaned in close to Susan. "Is he your husband?"
Susan nodded, ashamed that their little lascivious game had been exposed.
Once again David leaned in close to whisper in her ear, for only her to hear. "You are his hotwife vixen out to play, aren't you?"
Susan froze like a deer in headlights. Was this man going to be pissed at her? Worse, was he going to be pissed at her or, worse, at Edward for leading him on?
David moved away and reached into his wallet, pulling out cash to pay for the drinks and a business card. Surprisingly, David's eyes did not have that look of anger.
Then, he leaned in close again. "Look, there is nothing wrong with living on the wild side little. Play, tease, and have fun. Do what turns you both on." David's words were surprisingly considerate. He could have been pissed off for being led on.
He rose from the bar stool, nodded to the bartender, and leaned in and kissed Susan on the cheek, and whispered, "Marriages fail because of the lack of passion. Keep the passion going any way you can. It was a pleasure to meet you Susan!"
David walked over to Edward. "My name is David. You have a very beautiful and sexy wife. Enjoy each other and keep stoking those flames of passion. Here is my card. If it is good with you, I would love to get to know Susan better. Please consider calling me to meet up with Susan again for a night."
Edward stood there speechless. The experience was new to him and he was taken aback by David's direct comments. He looked down to the card handed to him. Seconds after David walked out of the bar, a light bulb went off and Edward realized this man wanted, and was asking for permission to, fuck his wife.
**********
Edward's phone dinged indicating the UBER had arrived, breaking his stupor. He slipped off his bar stool and pulled a twenty and ten out of his wallet to pay for the three drinks he had been nursing, Without words exchanged and as if by force of habit for a couple married for almost thirty years, Susan also slipped off her bar stool and walked towards her husband. Even in this crowded bar, it seemed like they were the only two people in the room. Edward hugged his wife and led her towards the door. He wrapped an arm around her, his erection having finally subsided to a point where it was actually comfortable again.
They walked out of the hotel and saw the UBER waiting at the curb. Edward opened the car door for Susan as he always does. As she stepped in, Edward got a view of his sexy wife's lace stocking tops as her skirt once again rode up—just enough to tease without exposing herself.
As she slid over, Susan looked up at Edward like a woman in heat. The act of sliding across the back seat of the UBER required her to "accidentally" spread her legs. She paused, looking up at Edward with a look of lust, purposefully giving Edward a clear view up her skirt to the now-parted lips of her pussy.
For the first time, after an exciting hour and a half at the bar, Edward now could see what others had been enjoying all night. His wife was hot and sexy...maybe even a cock-tease.
Edward closed the car door behind him as he got into the car. He didn't even have a chance to buckle up.
As the UBER pulled away, Susan scooted close to Edward and grabbed at his crotch. "I'm so fucking horny right now," she uttered in a low voice.
Susan immediately reached for Edward's crotch as she tested his arousal. Finding validation, she moved up and fumbled with his zipper. Pulling his swiftly swelling dick out of his pants, she looked up at her husband with determined eyes. She was flush with lust for her husband; or perhaps for ANY man! The hour or so of sitting in the bar and getting hit on was like the longest foreplay she had ever experienced. She had been simmering for that hour as the experience had her ready to boil over.
There was no subtlety in her actions. She wanted, no needed, him to fuck her at that moment.
He gulped and smiled as his wife began to rub and fondle his cock. "I think you were such a naughty girl for not wearing panties."
"I don't know what got into me. Are you upset that I took my panties off?" she pouted playfully and batted her eyelashes at him.
"No. Not at all," he said.
She looked down and concentrated on massaging the head of his cock. "I can stop if this is uncomfortable," she said.
"Not un...comfortable...at ...all," mustering a response was becoming more and more difficult.
"That's good, because I wouldn't want you to be shy about showing a little when your wife was just on display to practically an entire bar!"
Snapping out of his sexual trance for a moment, Edward sat up and looked directly into his wife's eyes. "Honey, the whole bar couldn't take their eyes off you! Even the women were staring at you with jealous eyes!" Edward was having a little trouble talking as Susan's picked up the pace. "I loved how confident you were...how sexy! And I could feel the energy from your confidence. I could sense the excitement of others as well!"
"Tell me...did you enjoy that as much as I did?" he asked as the UBER slowed to a stop at the next stoplight.
Susan's delicate hand wrapped around Edward's cock, began stroking it, slowly at first, then picking up in rhythm. She leaned in close to whisper.
"Well, I have to confess. I loved the way everyone paid attention to me. I could feel their eyes on me! And oh-my-God...I can't believe I am saying this...it was such a turn on!"
Edward felt his cock surge back to life after hearing his wife's words. He looked up and saw the UBER driver looking back at him through the rear-view mirror. The driver smiled and nodded. He likely could not see Edward's member on display, but it was clear what was going on.
Susan leaned in to kiss her husband again. "Did you really enjoy it?" she asked.
"Enjoy? It was the hottest thing I've ever seen - sooooo hot, soooo highly erotic!"
Susan smiled. "I'm really glad you did, and really happy to hear you are not upset with me. I was starting to worry that I may have taken it too far. There's something about knowing that my husband was OK with what I was doing...and what was going on, that really turns me on."
With her delicate hand stroking his member faster, Edward leaned back against the headrest, delirious in delight, both of them not caring that the driver was just a few feet away.
"So were you really okay with everything?" she asked, accentuating her last word.
He thought for a second, but then nodded. "I mean you really didn't do anything too crazy," he said.
"Well, I was really acting like a slut for a while, and I was pretty exposed."
As if starved with hunger, Susan leaned down kissing Edward's shaft up and down. Then wrapping her lips around his member, she slowly took the head into her mouth. She paused as her tongue playfully licked the tip teasingly, swirling around the tip before clamping her lips around the head of his member. She could taste the salty surprise of pre-cum as she licked and sucked the throbbing member. She gently sucked the head into her mouth and then went lower. She was determined to take it all in, but her gag reflex stopped her.
Edward moaned as his wife's warm tongue and mouth enveloped his cock. He looked down as Susan pulled her hair to one side with one hand to ensure that her husband could watch her. She knew he loved to watch her suck his cock.
Susan continued the slow descent down and then back up on her husband's cock. Edward was amazed that she seemed to be taking it almost all the way into her throat before yanking it back out with a popping sound.
The noises of her suckling reverberated throughout the car. Edward noticed the driver sneaking peeks in the rear-view mirror of the scene unfolding in the back seat. Despite the audience, and much to Edward's surprise, Susan did not relinquish her grip on Edward's cock. She lowered her head further, moving her head up and down his cock. With each bob of her head, she took his cock further into her mouth and down her throat. She stopped for a moment, looking up at her husband, and smiling wickedly, before resuming her assault on his manhood.
"Shhhiiitttt!" Edward moaned as his cock finally received attention after his wife's teasing and playing at the bar got him super horny.
Then Susan pulled up to kiss Edward deeply. As their lips met, her tongue probed deep in Edward's mouth, her kiss a combination of love and passion.
He quickly shifted position and kissed her deeply, their tongues again finding each other, their mouths pressed tightly together as he thrust her up against the back seat.
Edward's hand moved under her blouse. He began fondling her breast and, reaching into her bra, pinching her nipples. He pulled her bra open revealing her perfect breasts, nipples almost painfully erect.
Edward looked up and noticed the UBER driver looking into the mirror back at him with a smile. Edward was hopeful he was paying attention to the road, and not the porn scene happening in the backseat.
Susan moaned as Edward's touch sent pulsing sensations throughout her body.
Edward could sense a dramatic change in his wife. Then he reached his hand under her skirt and gasped when his fingers found her dripping wet pussy and already swollen lips - validation that the experience in the bar had been even more exciting to her than he could have imagined.
Susan squirmed and shifted her body position, placing the ball of her high heel on the back of the center console and leaning back, providing a clear invitation to her husband. She spread her legs, opening herself to allow Edward a clearer path to pleasure her. She yearned for him to press his fingers deep into her.
Even as darkness approached, enough light remained for Edward to have a clear view of his wife's pussy, now wet and glistening. Edward's finger ran up and down her slit, quickly becoming moist from her desire, his finger smearing her juices all over her as he slowly rubbed her pussy with a finger before plunging it in. Susan moaned softly as her husband slowly moved his finger in and out, up and down. Her hips twitched as Edward's finger stroked her clit, wanting both for him to probe even deeper, but still continue stroking her sensitive button.
Susan squirmed again and sighed, moving her hips, demanding that her husband pleasure her. Edward could feel her breathing speed up as he rhythmically began to move two fingers in and out of her swollen pussy.
Susan felt her body respond to the touch, her pussy gratefully accepting the direct manual stimulation desperately needed - relief from her arousal after being neglected the past hour in the bar.
Edward noticed the UBER driver adjusting the mirror. He did not care if the driver got a perfect view up his wife's skirt as his fingers explored her drenched pussy.
As the heat built-up within her body, and more specifically between her legs, faint moans broke the silence. She tilted her head back to accept his handiwork, a tidal wave of pleasure pulsing through her body as her neglected pussy finally received the attention it needed from Edward's now less-than-gentle caresses.
Susan arched her back and moaned. "Fuck," she said quietly. "Edward..." she tried to warn her husband that an orgasm was approaching.
She looked up and saw the driver watching intently in his rear-view mirror. She realized that the driver likely had an unobstructed view of Edward playing with her pussy. The man was close enough to smell the musky scent of her sex. With all her inhibitions gone, to her surprise, she voluntarily spread her legs wider, no longer caring about their sexual transgression - that a complete stranger could see her husband finger-fucking her in the back seat.
The combination of her husband's fingers now quickly moving in and out of her sex and the thought of being exposed in front of, and being watched by, a stranger pushed her to the brink. She closed her eyes, allowing her body to take over. She rocked her hips up and down as he moved in and out and up and down on her clitoris, moaning and softly whimpering.
Feeling the heat building between her legs from Edward's less than gentle caresses, her body shuddered as an orgasm flooded her senses; welcome relief finally coming as wave after wave of pleasure pulsated through her body.
Edward smiled with satisfaction that his wife was able to cum so quickly. He knew she was hot from the experience back at the bar. Although it was a completely physical release, she may have realized a darker, naughtier side of her that she never wanted to admit to herself; that she loved playing this game.
As the UBER left the City limits for their suburban home, a silence settled between the two of them. For both, the rest of the night played through their heads, over and over again.
He pulled Susan to him close wrapping his arms around her and kissed her lips tenderly. Susan was in bliss, her body in a buzzed state of erotic relaxation. But Edward wanted her to admit the truth.
"I have to admit it was hot as Hell seeing you dressed so sexy when you entered the bar," Edward whispered into his wife's ear. "I was so proud to have you as my wife."
Susan looked up and smiled, not saying a word.
He pulled her closer and leaned in again for a kiss, this time his tongue sliding between her lips and into her mouth. As his lips met hers, Susan reacted; their tongues moving and dancing with each other.
Edward smiled back at her, "You looked so confident, so sexy. I loved how you were able to tease the guys; you know, letting your skirt ride up some and showing off those sexy thigh high stockings," Edward again pressed his wife for a reaction. But Susan just nuzzled into her husband, her chest heaving as she tried to catch her breath.
"And I absolutely loved how you let that last guy get close to you. It was such a turn on watching those guys react to you," he whispered with a sly grin.
She tried to avoid talking about it, but her wall eventually came down. She thought back on how good she felt. After all, any woman would enjoy men paying attention to them with lustful desire, wouldn't they?
"So were YOU okay with everything tonight?" he asked.
"Well, I had a great time...and I had fun," Susan whispered finally engaging Edward. "I guess I was pretty exposed for a little while."
Edward nodded in agreement. "Truthfully sweetheart, parts of you were pretty exposed all evening. And it was hot as hell!"
Not to be deterred, Edward wanted validation from his wife, "Admit it, you enjoyed the attention."
"Well, it didn't suck!" she replied truthfully. "Actually..." Susan paused, "Well...it was exciting, exhilarating, erotic! I felt so naughty!" she said, sitting up a bit willing to engage in this discussion.
That was it! He finally got her to admit that she enjoyed the experience.
"I remembered you said you wanted me to act a little naughty," She again batted her eyelashes at him playfully. "So I just played the part."
"You certainly seem to have come out of your shell tonight," he agreed.
He pulled out the business card he received. "So that guy...according to his card his name is David, what did he say to you?"
Susan smiled thinking back at the lurid and erotic thoughts she had back at the bar. She looked directly up to Edward and very directly answered him honestly.
"Well, he wanted to take me to his room and fuck me!"
Susan's words surprised Edward. He could tell when a guy was into a woman and he knew David wanted to take her to his room and have his way with her. What surprised him was that she used the word "fuck" and how excited Susan appeared to be about that possibility.
The thought remained in his head though. as his cock swelled again to full mast. Could he really share her with another man? The image of Susan and some anonymous man both naked popped into his head. What would that be like, seeing her lips around another man's shaft; seeing his wife's head bobbing on some anonymous guy's cock?
And then his mind wandered to a vision of that stranger's cock sliding slowly in and out of his wife, her pussy lips clinging to it with every thrust. Would he really be okay with another man fucking his wife; watching some other cock pistoning in and out of her?
In our society, most men would be jealous of another man hitting on his wife. The thought of their wife having a sexual relations with anyone but them was typically forbidden. Yet, he smiled as he came to the realization that at that moment he finally had his answer. Edward could feel the answer to his thoughts, as his cock reacted by stretching to an almost painful size. He would, in fact, enjoy seeing another man with his wife. And anyone who would judge can fuck off.
As he looked down to this beautiful woman he loved so much, he yearned to fuck his wife right there in the back seat, actually turned on even more by that possibility.
"I've always thought you were the most beautiful woman. And it was so hot to see my little wife act so naughty, and so sexual," Edward paused, breathing heavily as he exhaled, "To see you interacting with that guy, and then learning that he was...well...after learning he wanted to take you to a hotel and fuck you makes it even hotter!"
His reaction confirmed that he would not only accept but would be thrilled if his fantasy would become a reality...that of watching his wife with another man - a well hung, muscular guy that would deliver endless memorable pleasure to his wife.
His heart now seemingly beating out of his chest, he continued, "And I would have been OK with it!"
His words caused Susan to gasp, not by her conflicted feelings over her husband's admission, but after the most erotic experience she has ever had, SHE may be OK with it as well! Then...her thoughts went to David taking her back to his hotel and having his way with her.
She looked back up at him then, her eyes intense and aflame as her pussy once again tingled with those thoughts dancing though her mind. Susan leaned in close to her husband and whispered in his ear, "Would you like to watch me fuck him?"
Edward's eyes got big and, without words, just nodded.
To be continued...