**********************
Chapter One - Garden
**********************
"I truly do not know if I can contain it any longer, my Prince," Marina moaned as she lay naked and spread-eagle on the massive bed.
"I know you can," Baeden assured her. "You've only had eight goblets and it's been less than two hours. The first time I saw you soak yourself you had waited all night and half a day. Your belly is still soft. You can wait a lot longer, I am sure of it."
Marina twisted her legs together and held onto Baeden's left arm, her face nuzzled into his shoulder. "That time, I believed my life and home depended on staying dry. Like this, at peace, it's so much harder to hold it in." She slowly slid her right hand down her chest, over her belly, and between her legs. "I feel like I'm going to leak any time now."
Baeden smiled at the young, beautiful redhead. "Would you be willing to make this more interesting? I will put you in a dress and veil, and we will go on a stroll through the castle gardens. My mother is with the riding trainer. Any civilians or noblemen who see us will simply believe that you are a Princess I am courting. That is, unless you wet your skirts in front of them."
Marina blushed nearly as red as her own hair, squeezing Baeden's arm tighter. "Why do you want me to humiliate myself like that? I know you love it when I hold my waters for you, but here, alone..."
"I want to see you like you were the first time we made love, Marina. You were at your very limits, reddened, sweating, your belly was rock-hard. It was the most fascinating thing I've ever seen. You are beautiful as you are now, but I want more than anything to see that desperation again. I do not want you to lose control outside, I want you to hold on until we get back in here."
Marina grasped Baeden's hand and moved it between her legs, letting him feel her moist, warm lips. He gently stroked her, and she shivered, pressing his arm against her breasts. "If you want to see me like that again, I will do as you ask. Just understand that I am already very full, and I will not be able to stay out for too long," she whispered. Baeden nodded and rolled to his side, standing straight. Marina smiled at his manhood which stood like a flagpole, leaning over and giving it a quick rub. He swatted her hand away, grinning.
"Save it for when we get back. Now what should you wear..." He opened his closet, which he had recently made home to numerous dresses and skirts he picked out specifically for Marina. He shuffled through them, eventually removing a light blue half-dress and white silk underskirts. She nodded approvingly at his choice, and stood up from the soft bed. Baeden stared at her, her small but perfect breasts sitting on her thin chest, her legs squeezed together with a slight bend, one hand pressed between them.
Baeden stepped up to her, and kissed her chest and shoulders. "These first," he whispered to her, laying the underskirts on the ground in front of her. She gingerly stepped into them, and Baeden slid them up her slender legs until they rested on her hip. She bounced on the balls of her feet, causing the skirts to floof about cutely. Next, Baeden pulled the light blue dress over her head, and she slid her arms through the silk sleeves. The dress fell across her body and settled around the skirts, and then, to Marina's horror, Baeden held up a lacy blue and white corset.
"I can't wear that," Marina gasped. "I'll pee myself immediately."
"But no Princess would be seen outside without one. You must keep our cover," Baeden said slyly.
"I simply won't be able to make it outside the castle if you put that on me. If you want me to wet a hallway, go ahead."
Baeden sighed. "Very well. I will tie it around your chest, but leave it loose on your belly." Marina nodded, and wrapped her arms around Baeden's neck as he tied the corset on her. As promised, he left the laces loose around her stomach, and she could still reach between her legs. "Are you ready?"
"Yes, my Prince. I am actually feeling excited by this."
"I hoped you would be. Follow me." Baeden led her out of his chambers and through the halls of the castle. Down the stairs of the entrance hall and outside through the back gate, Marina saw the massive garden that spanned out in front of them. Empty, isolated, and in full bloom, she smiled and held on to Baeden's hand. Before they entered the garden, Baeden led her to a stone fountain, from which a thin stream of clean water flowed from the mouth of a stone fish. "Drink, Marina. I fear what you have already had will not be enough to fill you further."
Marina blushed again, but obeyed. She drank the sparkling fresh water, gulping down sip after sip until Baeden placed his hand on her shoulder. She was extremely embarrassed, red-faced and grimacing, all while holding a look of adventurous excitement in her eyes. "I cannot believe we are doing this. Anyone could see. I have to pee so badly, I can't hold my legs still anymore..."
Baeden stood and helped Marina to her feet. "We are alone here. It is not a harvesting day, and nobody will come until the gardener this afternoon. We have all day."
"I will be lucky to make it all hour, my Prince. You say my belly is soft, but if that is true, it is because I must be getting fat. I am truly desperate."
Baeden laughed at this. "You are absolutely not getting fat, Marina. You will see today, how much more you can hold. It has been a long time since we first did this."
And so they walked into the green garden, Baeden leading the way through the tall hedges and patches of growing vegetables. Marina hobbled behind, stopping to hold herself every few seconds. Baden soon stopped and turned to her. "Stop that. Imagine that we are walking with another Kingdom's royal family. You are full to bursting, but you cannot let it show. You are a princess, you will hold on as long as you need to." Marina removed her hand from her womanhood and stood straight, her legs together and her hands pressed to her sides. "Better," Baeden said, and continued his walk.
For nearly an hour they circled the massive garden, and eventually Marina could just not walk properly anymore. She stopped and leaned forward, her hands shooting to her belly. Baeden turned to her and watched as she bent her knees and bounced her bottom, her red hair swaying with her movements. Baeden walked to her and grabbed her hand, and began to pull her along. She gasped and moaned, holding herself with her free hand the whole way. Finally they came to a stone bench in the center of the greenery. Marina made straight for it, sitting down and crossing her legs tightly, gasping out loud and staring into the sky.
"You really do look full," Baeden whispered to her. Here, let me..." He sat down next to Marina, staring into her eyes and gently lifting her veil over her head. He wrapped his arm around her side, pulling her onto his lap. She moaned and clenched her legs on either side of his own, pressing herself into him. He slowly slid his arm around her, feeling the front of the corset and pushing in gently. She grasped his arm tightly, hissing in protest, but he kept pushing on her belly, kneading it and pressing it. It was solid and tight now.
Not only was Marina desperate for relief, but she was beginning to get increasingly excited. She forced Baeden's hand away, and stood and turned, replacing herself on his lap, but facing him. She held his head in her hands and kissed him, thrusting herself into his leg and putting all her weight on it. "I feel like I am going to start leaking any second, my Prince. I will not make it back to your chambers, and I fear if I tried, I would fail while on the castle stairs."
Baeden stayed silent, but grasped the front of her dress and gently lifted it up, along with the three underskirts. He held her right leg and pushed it gently, and she responded by lifting it over his other leg so she fully straddled him. Her bright red lower hair glowed in the sunlight, glistening with either her urine or sex. Baeden looked around, staring at the castle walls, and at the garden around them. They were completely concealed from any windows or balconies, and the garden was silent as the grave. Baeden gave in to himself, grasping for the drawstring on his breeches. Marina helped him, and soon they were past his knees. Baeden got to work on her corset, unlacing it all the way up so her breasts fell loose in her dress. He pulled the light fabric down over her shoulders, exposing them both, and he began to suck gently on her right nipple.
"Oh, my Prince, I am...mmm." Baeden felt a sudden spurt of wetness strike his manhood, and looked down at her. A very slow, light leak was escaping the small girl's body, her flower quivering desperately and her legs tightly squeezing his own.
"Hold it in, Marina. Just kiss me now, and do not let any more escape you."
"You ask the impossible..." she whispered. Baeden held her waist and pressed down, lowering her onto his member. He penetrated her easily, and he used his legs to move her up and down on top of him. She was holding his neck nearly tight enough to strangle him, but he kept his head in her chest and his hands on her hips. They found a rhythm, with Baeden thrusting his legs up and down and Marina gyrating on top of him. Soon, Marina began whimpering desperately into his ear, and with each thrust he could feel her leaking more of her golden liquids. They continued for five minutes, and soon Baeden could not control himself any longer. He pushed Marina off of him, and he came with a powerful moan, shooting his seed into the bush behind her. Marina collapsed on the bench beside him, stroking herself with her own hands, moaning and thrusting, until her whole body began to shake. Then she stood and froze, arms squeezed to her sides in a manner that made her breasts protrude wondrously.
"I can't...it's coming now..." Baeden leaned back and watched as the soft hissing noise made itself heard from underneath her dress. A small line of liquid began trickling from beneath her skirts, snaking downhill into the nearest patch of dirt. Baeden stood too, and pressed her dress between her legs as she relieved herself. The fabric was soaked through instantly, pouring over his hand and onto the stone floor. Marina's blushing had somehow surpassed the color of her hair and moved on to a beet or a cherry, and she moved her hips back and forth as he pressed his hand into her.
"I cannot believe what you turned me into," she said to him. "I should feel horrific, mortified, but why? I love the way this feels. I know you love this too. It just feels natural, more than anything."
"If it feels natural to you, then it is natural. Everyone is a part of this Earth, there is no such thing as unnatural, the way I see it," Baeden whispered to her, still running his hands under her lasting stream. Finally the waterfall ceased, and she released her dress. The entire front of it was soaked, and Baeden could not describe how beautiful she looked if he were the best poet in the Kingdom. "Obviously you cannot go back to the castle like this. Follow me."
Marina followed Baeden further into the garden, always glancing around for any sign of another person, but their solitude was total. They soon made it to the center of the garden, where a large fountain flowed fifteen feet in the air. Baeden wrapped his arms around Marina's shoulders and walked her along, kissing her the whole way. "I am truly sorry," Baeden whispered, as they reached edge of the fountain.
"For wha-AAAH!" Baeden shoved Marina backwards and she toppled over the stone, splashing into the cold water. She thrashed about, shrieking, and Baeden stood back as she climbed out of the fountain and sprawled out on the stone walkway. "Oh, you bastard," Marina cried, glaring up at Baeden, who was grinning down at her.
"I had to do it, Marina. Nobody can tell you wet yourself if, well, all of yourself is wet. Come on, we'll cut through the grass and get you in a warm bath and dry clothes." Marina got unsteadily to her feet and followed Baeden back through the garden. As they approached the staircase into the castle, a short guard jogged out to greet them.
"What happened, are you alright, my Lady?" he asked, looking over the drenched girl.
"Aye," Baeden spoke for her. "She had a bit too much wine this morning and got a little tipsy by the fountain. Keep your post, I will handle things." The guard saluted Baeden and walked back to the corner of the garden. The two of them quickly ascended the steps and made for Baeden's chambers, locking the door behind them.
***************************
Chapter Two - Perspective
***************************
Sabina slowly walked through the hedges of the castle garden, rubbing her throbbing, distended bladder through her cloth undercoat. The crotch of her leather pants was already damp, and more leaked out of her with every few steps she took. Damn this, how could I get lost in a bloody garden? She stopped again, glaring around and over the hedges, but it was just green in every direction, the only path out twisting and intersecting with other side paths. Just get some cabbage, I said. I'll use the chamberpot when I get home, I said.
Sabina fancied herself an adventurer, but her brain was home to one of the worst senses of direction in the Kingdom. She could get lost in her own house. Now, she cursed herself as she was forced to squat down, squeezing between her legs with all her strength to keep her waters inside. I have no choice, I have to do it out here. There's nobody within half a mile of me, It'll be fine. She hobbled around one last corner, and had to stifle a shriek as she saw two nobles sitting on a bench almost directly in front of her. They were distracted, staring into each others eyes. Sabina jumped sideways, collapsing into a large group of bushes that formed a small circle.
She crawled into the center and fell backwards, twisting her legs together and letting out a silent moan. The sudden surprise and movement had forced a decent spurt from her tortured body, and she could feel the wetness building around her backside within the waterproof pants. She pushed her pelvis upwards and let the urine drip free of her clothes. She had a good view of the two nobles through the greenery, and she watched them as she held herself and gyrated against her hands. Wait a minute, that's Prince Baeden. And is that Marina with him? The hair is right, but I can't see under that veil.
As if on cue, Baeden lifted the woman's veil, revealing that it was indeed Marina. Sabina watched, still desperately holding on, as Baeden lifted Marina onto his lap and began rubbing her belly under a loose corset. She was writhing on top of him, her face held in a combination of pleasure and pain. Soon she stood and got back on top of him, facing him. Sabina felt another spurt leak out of her as Marina lifted her leg and positioned herself over Baeden, and Sabina began feeling very warm as Baeden undid his breeches and lifted up her skirts, his face completely stupefied. Sabina had never seen one before, and she stared at it, dumbfounded.
She was violently returned to reality as a longer burst of pee shot out of her, and she realized that it was over. She ripped the rope of her pants apart, kicking them off her legs as quickly as she could without making noise. Sabina lay there, naked from the waist down, watching as Baeden began to make love to Marina just a few feet from her. She found her hand making its way back between her legs, but instead of the tight squeezing she had gotten used to over the past hour, she began to rub her slick, leaking flower, sliding two fingers into herself. Marina's moans could be heard clearly, obviously she and Baeden were completely sure of their solitude. They went on for a time as Sabina watched, thrusting her fingers inside of her body until she was overcome with uncontrollable pleasure. She bit down hard on her undercoat, silently moaning into the cloth, tears of pleasure sitting in the corners of her eyes, containing a squeal as Baeden pushed Marina off of him, and something white flew from his manhood and landed just inches away from her.
Sabina was still containing the majority of her water, and she squirmed as Marina stood up, walking ever closer to her. Sabina pressed her hand over her mouth, her breathing shallow. "I can't...it's coming now," Marina said, looking down at her feet. Sabina stared, eyes wide, as the soft hiss could be heard and Marina's flood started pouring from under her skirts. The path of liquid found its way to the patch of dirt surrounding Sabina's hiding place, all the while more and more sprayed from the tiny girl. Baeden had walked up to Marina and was rubbing her womanhood through her dress, soaking his hands. Finally she finished, and after exchanging some whispered words, the two of them walked away.
It was all too much for Sabina. She forced both hands between her legs, twisting them together and folding herself up into a ball, but it was over. Her waters found their way through her hands and flooded the grass beneath her, and she bit her lip as she felt herself orgasm once more. She dropped her hands and opened her legs, watching her pee shoot freely into the bushes in front of her. She found herself smiling madly, and she pushed down on her belly and giggled as the pressure of her stream increased. This is fun, she thought. A long time later, she slowed to a trickle and finally stopped. She lay in the bushes for nearly an hour, fingering and rubbing herself the entire time. Baeden and Marina's display was the most wonderful thing she had ever seen, and she wanted more.
*********************
Chapter Three - Ride
*********************
Queen Jenara was glad that the hard leather of her saddle pressed into her private areas, it always made it easier to ride for so long without relief. Still, the bouncing as her black mare trotted along caused the liquids within her to press down with great force. Every time she did this, she wondered how her horse would react if she were to wet herself while riding. Of course she would never do such a thing, but the thought still amused her. She sat up straighter, removing some pressure from herself, but it made the bouncing even worse. She squeezed her legs on either side of the animal, wanting to get back to the castle as soon as possible.
A few meters in front of her, the new stable girl Mary Estenna rode along on a small white stallion. Her horse was obviously young and untrained, swerving around the stone path with a rebellious attitude. She kicked at the beast's sides to keep it on the path, and soon she pulled it to a halt and gingerly dismounted. "Excuse me for a moment, my Queen," she said, starting to walk off the path into the trees.
"What are you doing, girl?" Queen Jenara asked her.
"I need to pee," Mary said simply.
"Oy, you...you wait right there," Jenara blustered. "What is the matter with you, saying that in front of Royalty?"
Mary looked confused. "You asked what I was doing, so I told you."
"Yes, but you will do that in your own home. Get back on your horse and ride on," Jenara ordered.
Mary turned to Jenara, bending one knee and placing a hand on her belly. "Are you in a hurry? Do you need to relieve yourself as well? I can handle your dress."
"WERE YOU RAISED IN A BARN, GIRL?" Jenara shouted.
"Yes."
Jenara sighed. "Of course. Listen to me, a woman cannot just do that out in the trees. We have to hold ourselves to a higher standard."
"That's bollocks," Mary quipped. "What true reason is there to keep myself uncomfortable? There are no men around us, we are the only ones for miles. You mean to tell me that in all your journeys, you've never had to empty yourself along the way?"
Jenara closed her eyes for a moment. Her memory flashed back to the woods near Olsha Fortress, where she once sat on a fallen tree, her legs and womanly area in the open air with her servant Marina pressing against her belly as she soaked the earth in front of her. It had been a special circumstance, she had been bound in a dungeon for nearly an entire day with half a barrel of wine in her belly and only ten seconds of relief the whole time. The memory made her current pressure increase, and she squeezed her legs even tighter. Her horse whinnied its displeasure. She opened her eyes and looked back towards Mary, who was now bouncing on the balls of her feet.
"Please, my Queen. If you do not let me do it now, I fear for my horse," she said with a dry chuckle.
Jenara sighed again. "It is not often that I get out-debated by a servant, but I believe you may have a point. I too could use a break. Come, help me from this animal." Mary stepped forwards and took Jenara's hand, guiding her as she slid off the tall horse. The pressure in her bladder immediately increased, but she remained still. "Where do you want to do it, then?"
"This is usually where I stop for it when I ride on my own. There's a nice spot surrounded by pines a couple dozen meters into the trees, nobody could see even if they were looking for us. Please come now, I don't know how much time I have left here..."
Jenara grinned as she followed the stable girl. She remembered her childhood, when she was still training for her duties as a Queen. She had wet herself countless times as she was forced to sit still for eight hours, the average length of a war meet or other council. This bit of training was once every week. Of course, it was all to prepare her for the real thing so the same would not happen at a time of importance. She could almost feel it, pushed to the front of her memory. She sat in a wooden chair with her handmaiden across from her, shaking her head with her hands over her eyes as her body gave out and she soaked her dress through. Every time she wet herself, the dress was shown to her mother just to humiliate her into holding it better next time. Eventually, she could make it through eight hours with ease. The training was considered complete after she could wait for an entire day without relief, a feat she barely accomplished just days before her sixteenth birthday. Now, she was thirty-seven, and could easily wait for over twenty-four hours with little difficulty.
Now, she had only been without relief for about six hours. She had wine and a lot of water with breakfast, plus a one liter water skin while riding. Of course she felt the desire to let it out, but there was no true need for it. In all honesty, she was worried about being left alone on the road, albeit for only a couple of minutes. She had been paranoid ever since her kidnapping, understandably so, and although Mary was only a small girl Jenara felt an illusion of safety with another. Soon Jenara was being led through a patch of thick pines, then she stepped out into a small, secluded clearing. A fallen tree lay a few feet away, and yellow and red flowers lined the perimeter of the clearing. It was obviously not a naturally-formed location. "Did you set up this area, Mary?" Queen Jenara asked.
"Aye, I did," Mary said. "This is pretty much my home. The stable house is smelly, dirty, old, and falling apart. I often sleep here, I stop here to relieve myself on my rides, and I..." She stopped suddenly, looking to her feet as she squirmed.
"You can tell me," Jenara said softly to her. "I promise you will not be judged for anything you say here." She watched as Mary bent her knees and squeezed her thin legs together. Jenara feigned interest in the girl's life, but in reality she was finding it amusing to watch her get more and more desperate as she talked. Mary reminded Jenara of herself at a younger age. Just enough respect to keep from getting exiled, but enough of a talk-back attitude to show her personality.
"Well, I've brought some friends here..."
"What of boyfriends?" Jenara asked with a sly smile.
"I've...no interest in boyfriends. Men are all...displeasing, to me."
"You mean women, then? Are you queer?"
Mary turned bright red. "I don't have to answer that. Such acts are not allowed under the word of-"
"Be calm, girl," Jenara whispered. "I...understand. Ever since my husband died, I have had trouble even looking suitors in the face. All men remind me of him, for he was like all other men. Loud, drunk, and mean when the latter. All I miss of him is the physical pleasure he gave me, and to be perfectly honest I have learned to do the same on my own."
"On your own?" Mary asked. "What do you mean?"
Jenara blinked, and she felt herself flushing, something very rare for a Queen. "Yes...I have learned over the years that I can bring myself to satisfaction using...well, my own hands. It has saved me the desire of finding a new husband, as in my right mind I have no need for him. My son is ready to take the throne."
"How do you do it?" Mary asked quickly.
"I couldn't possibly explain," Jenara sputtered. "It is a very private matter, I do not know what I was thinking to bring it up in the first place."
"Please," Mary said, in a voice very near to a beg. "Ever since I reached womanhood, I have wondered what it would feel like. When I was a child, my parents told me never to touch myself down there because God says it is wrong, but if you, the Queen, do it..."
Jenara sighed. "Many people say God forbids a thing, simply because they do not understand the thing. Why would God make us capable of such feelings and sensations if we were not supposed to take advantage of them? I cannot believe I am saying this, but if you truly want to learn, I would be willing to...show you. Be warned, however, that if word of this reaches the ears of ANYONE, I will have your head as a slanderer of Royalty."
Mary was not afraid of the Queen's words, as she knew that she would never make this known to another soul. She looked at the Queen, so beautiful even though she was a little over twice her own age of eighteen. Her long, shining hair was bunned behind her head and her breasts showed prominently from her corset. "I would never do any such thing, my Queen. You have my word, for what it is worth from a stable girl. Just let me finally release this lake inside me first..." Mary grasped for the bottom of her thin dress, turning to face away from Jenara. She pulled the dress up, revealing her backside. Jenara could see Mary's flower between her legs.
An idea suddenly formed inside Jenara's head just as Mary began to squat. She did not know why she thought of this, only that it was something she wanted. "Wait!" Jenara called out. Mary stood straight again, slamming her left hand between her legs and looking to Jenara, desperate and confused. "There is a condition," Jenara said. "I will only do this for as long as you hold your waters. If you release yourself, I will walk back to the horses and we will be done with this. But for as long as you wait, I will introduce you to pleasures you could have never imagined."
Mary dropped her dress, her eyes worried and her legs held tightly together. "My Queen, I do not know why you want this, but I really cannot wait any longer. I will soon soak my dress if you do not let me pee right now."
"I can tell from looking at you that you are not truly at your limit. You are bouncing around, holding yourself, twisting your legs together. I have been there many times, I know what it feels like to completely lose control. Your body grows tight, your womanhood quivers, you look to be some months pregnant and your belly feels as hard as a pumpkin." Jenara strode across the clearing to Mary, pressing her thumbs against the girl's stomach. She inhaled sharply and bent over, but Jenara felt the flesh give slightly. "You are not yet at your limit, and if I am to show you my most private things, you will do this for me."
Mary was breathing heavily. She felt moisture between her legs, but she did not believe she had leaked yet. She glanced down, the Queen's chest nearly in her face. "I...will do as you ask," she whispered. "I will wait as long as I possibly can. Show me."
Jenara smiled and stepped back. "Help me out of my dress."
***********************
Chapter Four - Pleasure
***********************
Queen Jenara was naked, now. Mary stood before her, her whole body shaking from both desperation and excitement. Jenara reached out and grasped Mary's dress, pulling it up to reveal the girl's most secret spot. It was obviously damp, her lower hair glistening. Jenara sat down on the grass, leaning against the fallen tree. Mary sat down in front of her, clinging between her legs with both hands. Jenara unfolded her legs from under her and spread them out, showing the girl what only her husband and closest servants have seen before. Jenara raised one finger and placed it between her legs, rubbing the soft spot at the top of her flower. Jenara was instantly hot, feeling herself grow slick. "Do what I do, girl," Jenara whispered.
Mary gingerly removed her left hand from between her legs. She felt her insides throbbing from fullness, more than she had ever felt before. The Queen's words rang in her ears. You are not yet at your limit. Mary placed the tip of her finger over the fleshy bit and began to press and rub at it. Sensations shot through her body instantly, a wave of warmness and tingling that engulfed her with each motion she made. She watched intently as the Queen's hand moved further down, pinching the lips between her legs and gyrating her fingers against the soft skin. The Queen began to moan softly through her tightly closed mouth.
"The main trick...is to relax," Jenara gasped out. "If you are anxious, or afraid, or stressed, you will never get all the way there. Let go of all your inhibitions, free your thoughts."
"Mmmph," was all that Mary could manage. Pulses of pleasure flew up and down her naked, sweaty, desperate body. Behind it all, her bladder cried out in torment as she refused it all it wanted. Could the Queen really be right? Can I really get more full than this? If I was truly about to lose control, wouldn't I have leaked by now? "My Queen," Mary panted. "I am trying to do as you say, but my belly throbs and my thoughts will not leave it. I cannot focus..."
Jenara looked down at the girl, twisting about in the grass, covered in sweat and with her slender belly protruding slightly. The Queen rolled over and knee-walked towards Mary, laying down next to her. "It hurts, doesn't it, girl?" Jenara said. "It feels as though your whole body is pushing down between your legs. But at the same time, does it not feel good for you?"
Mary thought about it. It really hurt, that was for sure. But at the same time, the pulses from her bladder and those of her flower combined caused sensations she could never have imagined in her wildest dreams. She had to relieve herself soon, her body would give her no choice. But she did not want the sensations to stop. Not yet. "I...think I like it," Mary said. "Usually when I need to pee bad, the pressure is just here," she placed a hand on the mound above her womanhood. "But now, when I have need greater than ever before, I feel it everywhere. It is an entirely new feeling."
Jenara reached out and grasped Mary's shoulders, pulling her close. They were almost embraced, Jenara's breasts pressing up against Mary's belly and hips. "And it will only get stronger the longer you hold on," Jenara whispered. "Let's try something new..." Jenara placed her right hand against Mary's thigh, and slowly moved it towards her quivering privates. Mary gasped and feigned quiet protests, but did nothing to stop Jenara as she slid her middle finger into Mary's body. Whatever the Queen was doing in there, Mary's legs instantly went limp and she leaned back into the grass, nearly screaming in pleasure. Jenara's left hand shot up and pressed tightly against Mary's mouth. "Be silent. If we are found, I cannot even begin to describe what would happen."
Mary squeaked her agreement and gritted her teeth, thrusting involuntarily against Jenara's hand. Mary squeezed her eyes shut, and in her pleasure, her thoughts began to focus entirely on this minute, this second. Her body still screamed for relief, but she no longer cared. All she could care about was this beautiful, powerful woman sending the lights of Heaven directly into her body. She grasped both of her breasts with her free hands and squeezed them, rubbing the half-inch long nipples with her thumbs. Before she could feel it coming, her body tensed up, going stiff and shaking like a naked farmhand in the dead of winter. An impossible feeling shot throughout her body, radiating from her belly, to her head, down her legs and arms, and back again. She went completely limp, breathing heavily and staring up into the cloudless sky.
A few seconds later, the Queen's voice rose softly to meet her ears. "I thought I was the only one who could squirt like that..."
Mary gasped and clamped her legs shut. "Squirt? Did I pee? Oh my Queen, I am so-"
"Ssshhh," Jenara hissed. "You did not do that. I can taste that it isn't...when a woman has her final pleasure, fluids can gush out regardless of if she needs relief or not. You had so much, though...maybe because this is your first time."
"Maybe-OH, NO," Mary cried out, twisting her legs tighter and stuffing her hands back down there. "Now that you've stopped, my need is much worse. If we are done, can I-"
"I never said we are done," Jenara interrupted. "One great advantage we women hold against men, is that we can feel this as much as we like. We need not wait. I think you need one more."
"I'm going to BURST," Mary spat. "You say I can wait, but I feel it, ready to come out."
"I have never told a single soul this before now," Jenara said suddenly. "But something extraordinary happened during my time in Olsha Fortress. The bandits had me chained up in a locked cell, on a stone slab. There was another women in the cell with me, an adventurer who was mistaken for myself. Before I was captured, at the feast the previous night, I made my home next to a barrel of wine, and I limited my intake of it in no way whatsoever. As I was chained there, I grew so full that it looked like a baby could pop out of me at any moment. Despite all my training, all my discipline, I was going to wet myself in front of those heathens. I would have had to flee the Kingdom. Anyway, this woman did something I could have never imagined. She crawled up next to me and asked if I would do anything to save my pride in front of my captors. I said 'yes,' of course. She climbed over me and placed her whole mouth over my privates just as I lost control. She drank me for over ten seconds, and because of it, I escaped the fortress with my honor intact to all but that girl and one of my servants."
"Why are you telling me this?" Mary choked out behind tears of desperation. Jenara did not answer. She grasped both of Mary's legs and wrenched them apart with surprising strength. Mary shouted out involuntarily, but went limp a third time as Queen Jenara shoved her face between Mary's legs. The feeling of a tongue entering her was unmistakable yet horrifically shocking. "What in the hell-" Mary's words were cut off by a wave of pleasure greater than any before. She just gave up and collapsed backwards, accepting the sensations that the Queen was giving her. It didn't matter how strange it was, it didn't matter that she was a stable girl getting serviced by a Queen, it didn't matter that her bladder was giving out-
Wait, no, I can't, not like this- But her body was having none of it. She exhaled her long-withheld relief as she felt pulses of pee bursting out of her with every breath. With what little strength she had left, she looked down, afraid of what she might see. The Queen was still between her legs, her mouth pressed against her. As she described a minute before, she was drinking everything that Mary put out. Soon she pulled back, gasping for air, and began to lick the tip of Mary's flower as her pee sprayed out across the grass. Mary simply did not have the energy to be shocked at this. She felt Jenara's arms wrap around her, and she fell asleep while her waters still poured out.
*******************
Chapter Five - Pain
*******************
Mary opened her eyes and let out a quiet moan as she felt a soft hand on her breast. She turned her head to her right and saw Queen Jenara, still laying next to her. The Queen was on her back, with her legs twisted together and her right hand on her protruding belly. "How long was I asleep?" Mary asked.
"I would guess a little over two hours, from the sun," Jenara answered. "I hope you don't mind, but I helped myself to your water skin while you slept."
Mary's mouth curled into a peaceful smile. "You really like it, don't you? The feeling of a tortured bladder? It's as you said before, you look pregnant."
"It makes sense, I suppose," Jenara whispered. "All through my youth and adolescence, all through my sexual development, I've been forced to hold my waters for my Queenly training. It's no wonder that I've formed a connection between fullness and pleasure. When I was held ransom, I got more desperate than I've ever been before, but I feared for my life, there was no room for pleasure there. But on my own, or with the...right person, it is...wonderful."
"Doesn't it hurt, though?" Mary questioned her. The stable girl's small hand had made its way onto the Queen's belly, and she was rubbing it gently, not applying any pressure.
"It hurts so much," Jenara responded. "It is a pain unlike any other, being this full. Why I love it, I will never understand...but when I touch myself like this, it is infinitely more powerful than when I am empty. I find almost no interest in sex or pleasure when I'm not bursting at the seams, it just does not feel right to me."
Mary felt herself getting damp again, despite her recent release. "You helped me earlier...is there anything you would like me to do for you in return?"
Jenara smiled at her. "Yes, something that hasn't been done for me since the night of my wedding nineteen years ago. As I lay here, with enough in me to overflow a chamberpot, I want you to climb over me and sit on my belly."
Mary instantly felt her face flush. "I-I couldn't," she stammered. "It might really hurt you."
"I want to feel the pain, Mary," Jenara moaned. "I cannot get enough on my own, you need to help me. Sit on my belly and ride me as you would a horse, do not fear for my safety." Mary started shaking her head, but Jenara reached out both of her hands, her soft, wet hands, and grasped the sides of Mary's head. Before she could even try to question it, Jenara had pulled her into a passionate kiss. Mary gasped and struggled slightly, but the Queen held her there with startlingly powerful arms. Soon, Mary closed her eyes and returned the kiss, feeling Jenara's tongue licking at her lips. "Do it, girl. I want to feel your weight on me, I want to feel the pressure of a person pushing down on it."
Mary just nodded and got onto her knees. She slowly lifted one leg and shifted over the Queen, until she was straddling the beautiful woman. Jenara slid her hands up Mary's thighs and gently pulled down, guiding the stable girl's weight directly onto her bladder. "Are you sure you want this, my Queen?" Mary asked once more.
"Stop teasing me and do it now," Jenara gasped through gritted teeth. "Just let your legs go limp and let me feel this again..."
And so Mary did as she was told. She lifted her legs and sat on the Queen's belly, and she was instantly greeted with an earth-shattering scream of pleasure and pain combined. The Queen's mouth was wide open, and she arched her back so her breasts fell back towards her chin. Mary leaned forwards and grasped the Queen's chest, thumbing her nipples and grinding her womanhood against the Queen's rock-hard bladder. Suddenly, the Queen's arms shot out and grasped Mary's shoulders, pulling her into a tight embrace. They kissed, and soon Mary was licking Jenara's chest as she gasped and shuddered at the weight on her. "Turn..." Jenara choked out. "Turn around and get a finger in me, and rub the inside of it towards the sky. Quickly, please..."
Mary did not hesitate, she placed a hand on the grass beside the Queen and spun around, sitting her weight on Jenara again, to another screaming gasp. Mary felt for the hole between the Queen's legs, and soon her right middle finger was inside and rubbing as fast as she could. The Queen started thrusting even harder, and with a final lurch, she went limp as a long stream of white liquid shot out of her and splattered into the grass under her legs. "Stay there, girl," Jenara whispered. "I've only relieved myself outside once before, it takes me some time." And so Mary sat there, gently bouncing on the Queen's bladder, until she heard Jenara sigh. As suddenly as a bolt of lightning shatters the sky, an absolute torrent burst out before Mary's eyes. She lost her balance from the shock of it, leaning back and falling against Jenara's breasts. The Queen wrapped her arms around Mary and held her there, as they both watched her stream of pee arch five feet through the air. After a minute, Jenara was inside of Mary again, rubbing her to completion before she even finished her relief. Jenara fell back, breathing heavily.
Mary climbed off of the Queen and lay back down next to her, embracing her. "When I lost control, I felt great pressure in my belly and in my privates. But there was no actual pain. I want to feel what you felt someday. Do you think you would be able to train me to contain it for as long as you do?"
Jenara smiled. "I can try."
*************************
Chapter Six - Remember
*************************
The door to Baeden's chamber flew open, crashing into the stone wall. A guardsman jogged in, breathing heavily from the effort of running in his armor. "My Prince, there is a...problem," the guardsman said softly. Marina looked up from the sheet she was pressed into, seeing the armored man standing in the doorway with a worried look on his face. Prince Baeden was leaning back on his bed beside her, but sat up at the man's words.
"What is it? Speak plainly," Baeden ordered.
"Knights Ryder and Finn were on a border run. When they reached the peak of Lom's Hill, Ryder spotted flags approaching from a vast distance away, from the south. Upon looking through a spyglass, they saw that it is a small army from Jarkan, and they drag siege engines along with them. There are no towns or cities between us and them...they come for Lunambra."
Marina saw the change instantly. During their first days together, she learned of Baeden's ability to transform between a sweet, loving man to an unstoppable crusader of wrath within the blink of an eye. He was on his feet faster than she could even track, and he stormed out of the chamber, slamming the door behind him. The guardsman looked awkwardly to Marina. She was stretched out along the bed, obviously on the receiving end of some very recent and energetic sex. Her right breast was hanging free of her loose burlap shirt, and her long skirt was pulled up, her womanly parts showing in the open air. She slowly closed her legs, never taking her eyes off of the guard.
"I will say nothing," said the guard. "Tis a Prince's right to bed who he shall, despite what some other royalty may think. If he means to continue having you, please tell him to remember that his door has a lock on it." He pulled open the door and stepped out, and she heard his clunking footsteps retreating towards the staircase. The moment the hall went quiet, she jumped up from the bed and pulled her shirt closed, letting her skirt fall over her legs. She slid out of the door and jogged down he hall and descended the stairs as quietly as she could. Following the wall along to the meeting hall, she flattened herself against the floor and placed her ear against the crack under the door. The muffled voices grew clear, now.
"-Think they have the element of surprise. We know they approach from the south, a simple but effective tactic to avoid our usual watch in the east. We will bring all of our ballistae onto the southern walls, as well as digging out trenches to slow the advance of their siege engines. Nathan, go to the mason immediately and tell him to completely seal off the southern gate with stone, and reinforce the northern gate, though we must still be able to open it enough to fit horses and carriages. You all know how to prepare for a siege, I do not need to say all this, it just wastes time. Get it done."
"Yes, Sir!" shouted numerous men at once. There was a clamor as they all retreated from the rear exit of the chamber and into the barracks. Marina stayed where she was, wanting to be sure they were gone before she moved. Just as she was about to stand, her eyes went wide as she felt something slam up hard between her legs. She screamed at the top of her lungs and flipped over, twisting her legs shut and scrambling backwards. Baeden leaned against a stone column, an apple in his hand and a proud grin on his face.
"You bastard," Marina started. "What do you think you're doing, frightening me like that?"
"I could ask you what you are doing," Baeden argued, "laying outside a private meeting with your skirt up and your cunt out for anyone to see. You already gave that guard a brilliant sight."
"I didn't know it was showing," Marina whispered, standing up and patting her skirt down. "You didn't have to kick me there, though..."
"Oh it was barely a tap, I've given you worse poundings than that in bed, all of which you seem to have greatly enjoyed."
"Well, you seem to be in good spirits now anyway," Marina said. "You are confident that we need not worry about this attack?"
"Aye," Baeden confirmed. "Their armies are weak, they rely on their technology and siege engines to claim small cities, and turn the civilians against their kingdoms with promises of great wealth. It's almost humorous that they think their tactic would work here, every civilian is fed and housed, and our army is greater than any in a thousand miles in every direction. Their siege will fail at the first trench as we rain ballista fire on them. Their engines broken, they will retreat before they risk losing too many of their already limited men."
"And the citizens will be safe?" Marina asked.
"Well," Baeden started, "there is always a chance of a stray catapult stone landing somewhere it shouldn't. But this is no problem, it is common knowledge that in the event of a siege, all noncombatants are to seek shelter in the treasury. It is buried under twenty meters of stone, nothing can ever penetrate it. You will be there, along with all the other women and children of the city, until I deem things safe."
"That many people in a small room cannot be pleasant," Marina said.
Baeden grinned and looked at his feet. "You could say that. When I was a child of twelve, I was kept in there for nearly a full day. As you know, we used to have a problem with natural gas explosions beneath the castle. One of them killed my father when I was only a baby. Anyway, when I was twelve, a series went off that sounded exactly like catapult fire. Everyone thought we were under siege, and all the women of the castle and many from the city were brought into the treasury by guards. I have a feeling that this event is the cause of my...er, quirks. My fascination with women holding their pee as long as they can, and so on. After a few hours down there, beautiful, noble ladies started wetting themselves on the floor with absolutely no other place to go. Watching them squirm about, watching how they chose to relieve themselves... Some went through their underclothes to preserve their shame, while others disrobed, squatted, and went freely to avoid wetting their dresses. Over the time I was in there, everyone in the room had lost control of their waters. I watched at least fifty different women and girls do it in fifty different ways, and by the time the treasury door was opened, there was nearly an inch of it on the floor and I couldn't feel my cock. Since then, I've been unable to get the thing out of my mind. Every Princess I've been with, I wished with all my heart that I could just tell her 'Hey, there's nothing I would love more than if you could drink three liters of water and stand here 'till you piss yourself,' but obviously I could do no such thing. This is part of why I love you so much, that you understand this about me and enjoy it yourself."
"Did you?" Marina asked suddenly.
"Eh?"
"Did you wet yourself, down there in the treasury. I find it hard to believe that you outlasted fifty adult women when you were just a child."
Baeden grinned. "You should know this by now, Marina. Men cannot relieve themselves when they're excited, and I was ever so excited the entire time. When I got out, I was in such pain that I was sure my bladder had burst and I would soon die from it. I somehow made it up into my chambers, and with the slightest touch, I got off for the first time in my life. And then I soaked the floor."
"The first night we made love, you lost control inside of me. Were you not 'excited' then?"
Baeden's face went red, which was a very rare phenomenon for him. "I, uh..." He frowned, absentmindedly pulling on the neck of his shirt.
"Tell me...please," Marina begged, staring cutely into his eyes.
"Bloody hell, fine," Baeden snapped. "Before the ride back home, when my mother pulled you away to scold you about her sword, I started leaking when I climbed into the carriage. I was not going to make it. I did the only thing I could think of, I..."
Marina was listening intently, and she squinted at him as he stopped the story. "You cannot stop now. Tell me what happened." She pressed herself up against Baeden, pulling the sides of her shirt down to reveal her breasts.
"You are a real vixen, you know?" Baeden sighed. "Alright. I was about to wet myself on the carriage floor, so I took my cock out and tried to get it hard so I couldn't let any out. I got a little too into it and ended up having to shove it back into my pants as I..."
"Oh, mmmmy God," Marina gasped, her mouth opening in an astonished smile. "You got off in your pants. Oh that is great."
"I pissed myself a good bit too. My underclothes held most of what I leaked out, and thank God it was dark by the time anyone else saw me. Men need some time between pleasures, and when we were making love, I was not all together yet. So now you know how I managed to pee while we were going at it."
"You've gotten me all hot now," Marina moaned, pressing her breasts up against Baeden. I know you must prepare for the attack, but you won't leave me like this...right?"
Baeden looked up, feigning uncertainty. "Mmm, we've got time." But first, do you remember what happened to you? What made you like what I like?"
"Well," Marina started. "I only realized it after I met you. But I think I might know where it started. The story is not very dissimilar to yours. Six years ago, I was only a girl, I was locked in a closet by another servant who was trying to get closer to the Queen by making me look bad. I had a water barrel in there, and I went at it generously. Obviously I was bursting in a couple of hours, and I was pressing my hands between my legs and rubbing at it when I realized that it felt kind of nice. I did some very unladylike things over the next hour after that, and soon I really couldn't hold it anymore. I was freaking out a bit, leaking in my pants, and in my squirming I accidentally knocked a stone loose in the floor. I managed to pull it out and I weed through the hole there, it just went into the dirt. Finally a guard heard my shouting and let me out. The girl who locked me in there was stripped, clapped in irons, and chained outside the castle all day. She pissed herself twice, in front of everyone, which amused the hell out of me..."
"Where was I for all this?" Baeden asked with a chuckle.
"I remember, actually. You were out on a hunt with the Senior Knights. Nobody told you about it?"
"No, I would remember that," Baeden said sadly. "I would have liked to see it."
"If you like, you can chain me up in your room and watch me do the same," Marina offered with a smirk.
"I would like that," Baeden agreed.
**********************
Chapter Seven - Name
**********************
Two days passed since the approaching army was spotted on the horizon. The city was prepared for war, and all able men were armed and armored in preparation. Lunambra did not draft soldiers, rather all men were soldiers, trained from childhood. Such a small city could not afford to have weak men.
Baeden awoke to a knock on his door. "My son, General Gaston calls for you. May I enter?"
Baeden cursed and quickly threw his thick blanket over Marina's naked form. She was still asleep, and she gasped as he shoved her towards the back of the bed. She caught on quickly though, and stayed still and silent. "Enter," he called, covering himself with a sheet. The door creaked open, and Queen Jenara stepped in, already wearing the ornate red and black dress that female Royalty wore during wartime.
"Are you prepared for today, Baeden? Your men stand ready on the walls, the ballistae are loaded, and the trenches are dug."
"That is good news," Baeden said. "What does Gaston want with me?"
"I've been told that an ambassador from Jarkan's army has approached the southern gate in the dead of night, and has been waiting there since. A woman who claims she is a sorceress, but you know how that goes. A bit of food dye in a glass of water and suddenly everyone thinks you're God's messenger. Anyway, she asks to speak with the military leader here. You had best answer her request."
"Send word to the wall that I will arrive inside of thirty minutes," Baeden yawned.
"Of course," Jenara confirmed. "Another thing, have you seen Marina anywhere? All the other serving girls are already in the treasury, and I had to put on my own dress, like an animal. I'll give her a thrashing for this..."
Baeden felt the blanket behind him shift uncomfortably. "Please do not be angry at her, I sent her down to wash my best shirt just an hour ago. It is my fault."
Jenara blinked and tilted her head. "She was in here? You are not even dressed."
Baeden barked out a fake laugh. "No, she woke me by calling through the door, like you did. I told her last night that I would want my shirt washed, but she was tending to you and I had already fallen asleep by the time she came to pick it up and I did not awaken to unlock the door...I was exhausted from training. She is not to blame."
"As you say," Jenara sighed. "If you see her on your way to the wall, send her to the treasury. I will be down there shortly as well."
"Aye," Baeden agreed. Jenara stepped out and he could hear her heeled shoes clacking down the hall before fading into silence. He reached back and patted the blanket, and Marina's straight red hair poked out.
"You are a bit too good of a liar," she chuckled. "Makes me wonder if anything you've told me before is horse shite."
Baeden ran his hand through her hair. "The only thing I could never accurately explain to you is how much I love you, because there are no words in the English language strong enough to describe it."
Marina moaned quietly and pressed her face against Baeden's shoulder. How he wished he could stay here with this amazing girl, but he had a duty. He rolled away and stood, and Marina stared at his manhood that stuck to his left leg. He strode to the chamberpot and held his member, ready to relieve himself in front of her. She stretched and stood, and began walking towards him to do the same. Suddenly, the chamber shook as a thunderous crash sounded from outside the walls.
Baeden grasped Marina's arm, eyes wide. "Catapult fire. I thought I was supposed to speak with an ambassador! Get to the treasury, NOW!" Marina gave a fearful nod, pulling on her burlap clothes and sprinting from the chamber. Baeden rushed to his wardrobe, throwing on an undercoat and leather pants, and his personal suit of chainmail over it. If the attack had already started, there was no time for plate. He rushed from the room and thundered down the stairs, bolting across the courtyard and up the wooden steps to the inner wall. He followed the wall over the city, and finally he stood over the southern gate, which had been completely sealed shut, although this was impossible to see from the outside. No catapult fire had followed the first shot.
Baeden leaned over the wall and saw her standing there, a thin, young woman in a green dress that draped over the floor beneath her. She was staring angrily at the top of the wall, leaning slightly forwards with her arms held in front of her. Baeden climbed onto the stone barrier, grasping Lunambra's flag for support. "MY NAME IS PRINCE BAEDEN, HEIR TO THE KINGDOM OF LUNAMBRA. YOU COME WITH SIEGE ENGINES AND AN ARMY, YET YOU STAND THERE AS THOUGH YOU SEEK PEACE. RETREAT, FOR YOU SHALL FIND NO PEACE HERE."
The woman continued to stare at him. "My name is Kaitlen Marel, though I should not have to tell *you* that. I am the most powerful and feared sorceress on this continent, and if you will not hear my words, I will burn this city to the ground with no more than a thought."
"If you could do that, why do you need the catapults, I wonder?" Baeden grinned as the woman's mouth curled into a frown. "Speaking of catapults, I heard one fire. What was that about?"
"A simple test fire into the dirt next to the castle," Kaitlen spat. "The rest will be far more accurate."
"Tell me what you want, witch," Baeden shouted. "I am a busy man, and have little time for games."
"This can come to a peaceful solution," Kaitlen yelled back. "All our Lord asks is that you return the hundred kilometers of land you claimed from us thirty years ago. We must expand our farmlands and open new trade routes, and your old King has made it very difficult."
Baeden went quiet. He was unaware that they had even claimed land from Jarkan in the past. He turned around and whispered to a guard; "Fetch my mother, she is likely in the treasury." The guard nodded and ran off. Baeden turned back to Kaitlen. "I must discuss things with my mother. Wait there until she arrives." Baeden blinked as she let out an exasperated sigh, leaning even further forwards. Baeden knew that stance, she was very desperate for a pee. He grinned even wider at this, but said nothing. It was twenty minutes until Queen Jenara stepped onto the wall.
Kaitlen watched as the two remaining members of Lunambra's royal family whispered in each other's ears. Ten minutes passed, and she rubbed her thighs together, unseen under her dress. Finally, Baeden turned back to her. "As I am sure you know, Lunambra is allied with Valdus. The current monarchy has no interest in expanding to the south, you may have your land back without a struggle. No need to be summoning no hellfires, milady," he finished in a mocking accent.
"This is great news," she said, ignoring his taunt. "I will inform our general with haste. But before that, and this is embarrassing to ask, but I wonder if I may be allowed into the city and given a private place to relieve myself. You have kept me waiting here since midnight, and I have had much water to fight off the heat."
Baeden feigned deep thought for a moment. "I apologize, milady, but the gate has been sealed from the inside to defend against your siege. Even if I wanted to, I couldn't physically let you in."
Baeden grinned even wider as her eyes suddenly grew fearful. "Is there no way in? I am in an urgent state."
"No way, I'm afraid," Baeden quipped. "There's a patch of trees right there, it worked for Adam and Eve."
"Where all your soldiers can look on my body? I think not."
"If you are a sorceress, you can do something about it, eh? Teleport into the lake, or close up your holes down there, how's that work?"
"Damn you!" Kaitlen shouted. "You are a...a shameful, embarrassing, menace! And I...I must be able to concentrate to use my magics!"
"Well, sorry!" Baeden choked out, trying hard to stifle a laugh. "This is the best siege ever," he whispered quietly to the nearest guard, who bent down to cough-laugh into his fist. "Guess you can try to make it back to your camp," he finished with an exaggerated shrug.
Kaitlen let out a loud huff and turned around, slowly walking back down the road towards the catapults. Less than ten steps in, she froze. Baeden lowered his shield in front of him to hide his 'amusement' as a dark spot began to slowly spread in all directions from under her dress. She stood there for over a minute, and the wetness had spread five feet around her. Despite all this, she kept her head held high and she strode away, eventually disappearing over a hill. Her puddle had spread even further, and a line had formed, dripping off the road and into the grass.
"Well, I guess that's the end of that," said the guardsman that stood beside him. "Should I send word for the women to be released from the treasury?"
"No," Baeden said, his face growing slightly more serious. "Agreements made with ambassadors have failed before, there is still a chance of an attack. They will stay in there until the catapults are out of sight of the city."
"Aye, as you say," the guard agreed.
*************************
Chapter Eight - Treasury
*************************
Marina jogged down the stone steps that led to the treasury. It took her a long time to get there, as she had only been through these halls once, and she lost her way a couple of times. A guard had pushed past her a minute ago, and she was following his lead. The guard showed up again just then, ascending the steps with Queen Jenara in tow. She gave Marina a quick nod and continued after the guard. Marina made it down the steps and saw another guardsman standing outside of the treasury door, and he unlocked it to let her through. She sat against the wall next to the door, and she waited for a long, long time.
*****
Five hours passed since the catapult had fired, but there had been no sounds from outside after that. There was certainly no war raging above her. So why am I still trapped down here? She looked around the room at all the other women and girls, all nobles, servants, and wealthy civilians. As Baeden described three days before, everyone in the room was shifting about, squirming, and some were even holding themselves under their dresses. Marina was very full too, having missed her morning relief. But unlike many of these women, she was good at holding it in, and it did not bring her displeasure. She knew that the Prince and city were safe, and that let her focus on her surroundings. She slid her left hand into her burlap pants and pressed a finger along her flower, putting pressure on it. After all this time down here, the water barrel was nearly empty. It was only a matter of time, now.
Twenty more minutes passed before the first victim showed herself. A young noble girl with long, jet-black hair and wearing an ornate gold dress grasped the arm of the woman next to her. "Mother, I truly cannot wait anymore. I am in such pain, and I...leak, with every breath I take."
"It is alright, Alyssa," said the noblewoman. "I've been down here before, chances are that everybody here will have made water before we are released. How do you want to do it?"
"I...I don't want people to see me down there," the girl whimpered. Her mother just nodded and grasped the front of her dress, raising it slightly off the stone floor. Tears formed in the girl's eyes as a loud hissing started from between her legs, and a large puddle spread under her. She moaned her relief and leaned back against the wall.
After that, the noblewoman started shaking her head. "Why bother," she whispered. She reached under her long dress and tore her underclothes off, stuffing them down into her breasts. She hiked up the dress and squatted down, spraying her surprising supply of urine into the stone.
"You are both disgusting," another noblewoman said, staring at her with her nose crinkled.
"Yes, and let us see how long you last in here, whore," the girl's mother snapped.
Ten minutes passed quietly, when Marina heard a soft cry beside her. She turned her head and saw a serving girl who tended to the kitchens, by the name of Layla. She had short blonde hair that was splayed against the stone, and bright green eyes that shone in the torchlight. Marina had met her before, but they had barely spoken beyond simple introductions. She was laying on her back with her feet against the wall and her spine arched with both hands on her belly. Marina shifted over and gently placed a hand on the desperate girl's leg. "Are you alright?" Marina whispered. Now that she was closer, she could see a very small wet patch on the crotch of Layla's pants.
"Mmno," she gasped out. "I have never been half this full, what am I going to do?"
Marina tried hard not to smile. She knew exactly how the girl felt. "Would you like me to help you?"
"What do you mean?"
"If you've never weed outside of a chamberpot before, I can help set you up so you do not get any of it on you," Marina answered.
Layla's face went bright red. "I can't do that here, what is wrong with you?"
Marina laughed out loud. "Two nobles just did it. Everyone else in here is going to, no matter if they want to or not. Trust me, when it's going to come out, there's nothing you can do to stop it. So you're better off letting go on your own terms and staying dry."
The girl began shaking her head. Marina sighed, reaching for Layla's waistband. She let out a quiet shriek and started to protest, and Marina saw the wet patch grow wider. With that, the serving girl bit her lip and leaned back again. Marina pulled Layla's pants down to about three inches below her womanhood, and then held the girl's knees, lifting them up and placing her feet right next to her rear. "Spread your legs," Marina whispered. Layla was crying now, but she did as she was told. "Now listen to me, you're going to want to let it burst out, but you can't do that. You have to release it slowly or it will splash back and hit you, and make a puddle. You need to let it spray gently against the wall, and it will drip between the cracks and make no mess. Start to let it out."
Marina saw Layla's hard belly start to move about, but nothing came out of her. "I can't do it, I'm so embarrassed," she said, pressing her hands between her legs.
Marina grasped those hands and pulled them away, holding them tightly. "Just relax...close your eyes and imagine you are in your own room." Ten seconds later, Marina saw a small stream start leaking out. She released Layla's hands and placed her own hands on the girl's belly, pressing down gently. The stream increased slightly, and soon hit the wall, dripping down through the cracks just as Marina thought it would. Looking around, Marina noticed that many of the trapped women had their eyes on the scene. A minute later, Layla was empty and had her pants back on. She was still beet-red and breathing heavily, but there was a smile on her face that could only follow such relief. Marina moved over and leaned back on her wall, squeezing her thighs together. To her amusement, over the next half hour, six women and girls had used her method to relieve themselves. One of them couldn't control it well enough, and she ended up laying in a puddle.
Marina stood up. The weight of her bladder immediately pressed down on her, and she crossed her legs and leaned forwards. After it settled, she moved slowly around the room to stretch her legs. All the way in the back of the treasury, the crates that contained the city's gold and gems were stacked up a few feet away from the wall, leaving a gap large enough for a number of people. None of the other women seemed to have noticed it, they were all sitting near the door, hoping for escape. At least I might be able to piss myself in privacy, she thought. Marina looked around to ensure nobody was watching her, and she stepped behind the wooden crates. And then she froze. There was already a woman back here, her long cloth skirt pulled up over her breasts and both hands going to town between her legs. Marina's mouth fell open as she watched the unknown person getting herself off. Feeling bold, Marina stepped in and collapsed to the ground next to the girl. It took her a moment to realize she had company, but her eyes quickly went wide and she immediately pulled her hands to her sides. She was biting down on a strap of cloth to stifle any involuntary moaning, and the piece of fabric fell to the ground. Looking at her face, Marina recognized her as the stable girl that often rode with Queen Jenara, though she didn't know her name.
"She told everyone to stay away from here," the stable girl whimpered, her face reddening.
"Who is 'she', I wonder?" Marina asked calmly. Putting herself in the girl's shoes, she knew that she wouldn't want a scene to be caused if she was caught doing that thing.
"Nothing. Nobody. Who are you, anyway?"
"My name is Marina. I'm a servant for Queen Jenara and Prince Baeden. I know you are a stable girl, but I fear I am unfamiliar with your name."
"It's Mary," she said softly. "Thank you...for not shouting, I mean."
"It's no problem," Marina offered. "I understand it."
"You do?" Mary asked.
"Aye, suppose there's no point in hiding it since it's obvious you have the same, er, interests, as I do. All these women, soaking themselves and going freely. My interest is in men, but I will not judge you for enjoying otherwise." Marina looked to the crates of gold. Two of them had been adjusted in such a way so people inside the small area could look out and get full view of the other women, but nobody could see in. "I hope you don't mind if I stay here. Seeing the other women lose control makes it harder for me to hold on."
Mary smiled. "That's alright with me-"
"Marina?" Both of the secluded women started and sat up, seeing another standing over them. Marina recognized her quickly as Sabina, the woman that she and Baeden rescued from Olsha Fortress months ago, and who also carried a striking resemblance to Queen Jenara.
"You're back," Mary gasped. "Wait, no," she sputtered, blinking up at Sabina. "What in the- Who are you?"
Marina squinted at Mary. Could it be possible that she was shacked up back here with the Queen before she passed her on the stairs? That's not even worth thinking about," Marina thought, shaking the mental image out of her head. "She's Sabina," Marina answered for her. "She was held along with Queen Jenara at Olsha Fortress. The bandits mistook her for the Queen...an understandable mistake, obviously."
Sabina just nodded, and she spread out next to Marina. "We have a bit of a crowd back here, huh? The Queen told everyone to stay away from here or be banished, but I saw you come back here, and I'm an adventurer anyway. I love my home here, but I never planned to stay forever. Banishment would just move me on my way."
So it is true, Marina thought. The Queen is having relations with this stable girl. And I'm worried about spending time with Baeden?
"What are you looking so mad about?" Sabina asked, staring into Marina's face. "Want me to get out of here?"
Marina blinked and shook herself out of it. "No, please stay. I have more incentive to hold my water if there's people back here. I was just thinking of a bit of injustice I'm facing outside of this room, it is no matter."
"So you're desperate too," Sabina sighed. "I knew that it might be a problem down here, but I wasn't expecting to feel like this so fast."
"Did you get to relieve yourself this morning?" Marina asked. "I did not, and I'm sure very few, if any, of the women here did either. Everyone was likely still sleeping when the catapult went off and the order to come down here was issued."
"I did not," Sabina confirmed. "I'm good at holding it, I often had to travel with men in my past and that made it hard to find privacy. But this is a bad spot." Sabina looked to Mary. "What about you? Are you full too?"
Mary nodded, her face growing red again. "Bursting," Mary said. "I'm glad you two are here, this is not something a girl should have to face alone."
Marina and Sabina both grunted in agreement. The three of them were pressed against each other in the small makeshift room, and Marina could feel the squirming of the two other women, and she was sure they could feel her's. I've never had any interest in women this way, and I'm not weeing myself quite yet, Marina thought, so why am I getting so wet down there? She reached between her legs and felt it, the sticky liquid that only resulted from excitement. Maybe...my enjoyment of holding it is not only limited to men. I know that I never wanted to lay with a woman, but their desperation is definitely turning me on. I know Mary is queer, but what of Sabina? Marina never planned on telling Sabina this. But if there was ever a proper moment, it was now. Marina rolled to her right and held her mouth close to Sabina's ear. "I know," Marina whispered. "A few days ago, in the garden."
Sabina tensed up instantly, her face growing stoney. "You did not tell anyone?"
"I did not," Marina said. "Baeden was too distracted by me to notice you, but I spotted your hair inside that bush, and I saw what you were doing. Don't play coy, tell me the truth. Do you get off to the sight of women weeing?"
Marina could feel Sabina's skin growing warm from embarrassment. "I never have before," she whispered. "But seeing you riding the Prince like that, and then letting go over his hands...I had never seen anything like it, and it would be a lie to say that I did not love it."
Marina smiled and rolled onto her back again. "So that's it then" she announced to both of them. "All three of us are freaks. All three of us are desperate for a piss. And all three of us love it. I say there is no point in trying to remain proper. There is nothing at all to do for fun down here, and God knows how long we must remain. I vote we let go of what little shame we've got left, and we have some bloody fun."
***********************
Chapter Nine - Contest
***********************
As soon as she finished her speech, she felt Mary's warm hand on her thigh. "That sounds good to me," she whispered.
"I don't have anything better to do," Sabina said with a chuckle. "What are we going to do?"
Mary lifted her head up from Marina's other side. "How about we have a contest? The last one to pee wins."
Marina smiled. "I like that idea. What shall the prize be?"
"I think it would be fun if instead of a reward for winning, the losers get a penalty," Mary said. If I start losing control, I'll step outside of the hidden area here, hike up my dress, and piss on the floor in front of everyone. If Sabina loses, since she's wearing leather pants and it wouldn't show either way, the winner gets to pee on her. If Marina loses, she has to stand and go through her pants so everyone on her way back to the servant's chambers can see what she did."
The two others thought for a while, before nodding in agreement. "What of other rules?" Sabina asked. "Are we allowed to hold ourselves? Can we touch each other?"
"We can do whatever we need to in order to hold longer," Marina said. "And touching is allowed, it will only add to the challenge and the fun. We are allowed do whatever we can to make the others lose control first."
"Aye," Mary agreed. "I guess we're ready then..."
Mary took no time in turning on her side and placing her left hand on Marina's chest. She rubbed her breast through the burlap, but Marina swatted her hand away quickly and tore the shirt off, placing it on one of the crates of coin. Mary leaned over and began licking at Marina's hardened nipple, pressing it into her breast with her tongue. Marina pressed up between her legs with her right hand, letting her left wander to the front of Mary's dress. She pulled the fabric up and felt her way to the girl's flower, gently rubbing her middle finger along the tight slit. Mary's legs slammed shut, but Marina simply maneuvered her finger to enter Mary, and she pressed against the rough spot two inches inside. "Oh God," Mary moaned, rubbing her thighs over Marina's hand.
Seconds later, Marina felt her right hand getting pulled from its spot. She closed her eyes and gritted her teeth, and felt Sabina slide her own hand under Marina's drawstring and into her burlap pants. Sabina tickled at the tip of her womanhood, flicking it with her thumb and rubbing the outside of Marina's vagina with her pointer finger. Marina returned the favor, pulling Sabina's drawstring loose and forcing the leather pants farther down her legs. Soon, all three of them were feeling the pleasure, and all thee of them were feeling their mounting desperation. Mary had her face pressed into Marina's breasts to stifle her sounds, and Sabina was biting down on a chunk of her shirt. Marina needed no crutch, as bedding the Prince had forced her to develop the ability to keep quiet no matter how much pleasure she felt.
Marina smiled down at Mary. The younger girl was writhing about, her protruding belly visible under her blouse. Marina gently slid her finger out of Mary and moved her hand up, pressing lightly on the girl's solid bladder. She bit her lip and scrunched up her face, but did nothing to stop Marina as she poked and prodded. Sabina saw what was going on, and took the opportunity to hold herself while Marina was distracted. Mary's eyes suddenly went wide, and she grasped Marina's arm. "Stopstopstopstop-"
Marina grinned wickedly and pushed through Mary's grip with her superior strength, turning onto her side to embrace the stable girl. With one hand on Mary's left breast and the other on her belly, Marina pulled in and held her there, kissing the side of Mary's neck. Marina heard Mary release a strained moan, and she felt a hard burst of wetness spray against her leg. "She's losing it," Marina whispered to Sabina. "You made the rules Mary, get out there." Marina stumbled to her feet, clamping her legs shut, and helped Mary up.
"I don't want to," Mary pleaded. "I thought I could last long-" Sabina stepped forwards and pushed Mary's shoulder, and the girl stumbled out from behind the crates with a yelp. She shoved her hands and the front of her dress between her legs and bounced in place, looking helplessly to the two other women who blocked the way back into privacy. All the other women in the room had turned towards her. "I can't hold it in," Mary whimpered seconds later. She opened her legs and pulled her dress up, and the flood found its way through her underclothes and splattered onto the stone floor. She exhaled in pure ecstasy and leaned on the wall as she felt the warm liquid surge out of her small body, spreading down her legs and heating her cold feet. The attention that Marina had given her, combined with the sudden relief, was too much for Mary's body to handle. The pulses started in the pit of her stomach, and she had to shove her hand over her mouth as she came where she stood. She managed to effectively disguise it as crying, and she barely made it back behind the crates before her legs gave out and she fell back next to Marina.
Sabina smiled at Mary, reaching past Marina and stroking her hair. Mary was sleepily kissing Marina's chest, but now that she had her relief, Marina had lost interest in the girl. Not wanting to hurt her feelings, Marina allowed Mary to continue handling her body as she looked over to Sabina. "It's just you and me now," she mouthed. "How do you feel?"
The older woman smiled. "I feel like I am about to give birth to a lake. My cunt is quivering and throbbing, and each breath I take is a battering ram besieging my womanly gate."
Marina would have laughed, if she didn't know it would spell defeat for her. "Very poetic," she said mockingly.
"How do you feel, then?" Sabina asked.
"It's hard to describe," Marina whispered. "It's as though I've gone beyond regular desperation. The throbbing pain is gone, the pressure no longer comes in waves. Holding myself doesn't help anymore, and neither does shutting my legs. It's just a constant, overwhelming fullness that has taken over my whole body and mind. My muscles are the only thing keeping it in at this point."
Sabina had started pleasuring herself half way through Marina's description. "Where did a servant girl learn how to hold her pee that well? I always thought you castle-dwellers had no worry of this."
"You saw me with Baeden," Marina said. "We've been engaging in this sort of fun since our little adventure at Olsha. Every few days he makes me hold on until I burst in my dress. Usually I just sort of...decide to let go, before the pain gets too great. But it seems to have strengthened me down there. Would you like to feel it?"
Sabina's face went red. "Yes, I would," she mumbled into Marina's ear. She felt Sabina's warm hand on her thigh, and soon it was pressing against her womanhood. She straightened her legs as Sabina's middle finger found its way in, and Sabina giggled as she felt the powerful contractions around it. "That's amazing," Sabina gasped softly. "I'm surprised how good you are at this, but you should not underestimate me. I still have some time left."
"Holding my piss is not the only thing Baeden has been teaching me," Marina whispered.
"What else, then?"
"A number of things. How to behave like a Lady when I need to, how to repair armor and weapons, how to fight with sword and spear. Also, he's taught me quite a bit of wrestling."
Sabina sensed that something was about to happen before she really understood what. She lurched a second too late as Marina's legs twisted around her soaking wet hand, locking it in place. "THIS IS CHEATING-" But Sabina had no chance as Marina rolled, pulling Sabina over onto her stomach. One maneuver later, and Marina was nearly sitting on Sabina's back, facing her backside and holding her legs in place. Spreading her legs a tiny bit further, Marina's full weight was on Sabina. "Oooooooohhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh GOD!" Sabina wheezed in agony, just before the hissing sound reached Marina's ears. Sabina stopped writhing, and Marina watched the woman's 'lake' flow freely from her privates, her leather pants still down past her knees.
Mary scrambled to her feet and moved away from the rapidly spreading puddle, watching the thick, nearly clear stream surge out of Sabina. Marina leaned forwards and found Sabina's hole, sliding her thumb inside the woman and pushing hard on that special spot. Sabina bucked like a horse, gasping and moaning freely into the open air. Everyone knows what's going on back here, no point in worrying about it now, Marina thought. They've all wet themselves too, I'm sure that they would rather forget this entire ordeal than complain about us. A few moments later, Sabina's legs started shaking violently as she still flowed, and Marina felt the tightening and wetness that only accompanied a powerful orgasm. Removing her hand from the woman's privates, she saw the slick white liquid coating her thumb. She washed it off in Sabina's stream, holding her hands there until she trickled to a stop after a total of nearly two minutes.
"You're a bitch," Sabina wheezed into the stone floor. "How did you do that without soaking yourself too?"
Marina slid off of Sabina's back, laying next to her. "Baeden taught me how to hold it in, and how to wrestle. There was quite a bit of both combined as well. The secret is to keep your back straight and not let your legs fold up and press on your belly. And now, I believe I get to pee on you." Marina already had her pants around her ankles and was lowering into a squat. Do you want it on your chest, or between your leg-"
KLA-THUNK
All three women froze as the sound of heavy wood hitting stone echoed around the treasury. Marina forced herself to her feet again, leaning forwards with her legs slightly apart. A man's voice rang out to them. Prince Baeden's voice. "The siege engines have moved away from the city, and we have come to a peaceful solution. You are all free to go home. I know that many of you must feel embarrassed, but I understand how things work down here, so I've brought a crate of thick, dry towels. Use them as you see fit before returning to the castle.
Marina stumbled out from behind the crates. Baeden's eye instantly caught her red hair flickering in the torchlight, and he smiled at her. Glancing around the room, she saw that she was the only woman who had stayed dry. All the others were still scattered about the treasury, some sitting in their own puddles, others were standing naked from the waist down, their wet pants folded in their arms, and still more were huddled in the corners, trying to avoid all the wetness. These must have been the women who chose to relieve themselves freely, as none of them were squirming or otherwise showing signs of fullness. Looking to Baeden, she saw a stance that she was very familiar with. He was standing with his legs at shoulder-width with his cuirass unbuckled, leaning back with his hands gripped in fists at his side and his abdomen protruding forwards. He was just as desperate as she was, if not more.
She started crossing the treasury as smoothly as she could, her legs together and her arms out in a strained, ladylike stride. Marina noticed that only a few of the women were using the towels to dry themselves off, most the others just wanted to get home as quickly as possible. She reached Baeden, and she stood beside him as the women filed out of the treasury. As soon as the last one was out, Baeden turned and slammed the heavy lock. Marina had noticed that Sabina and Mary were not among them, and she remembered how they could see out of the concealed spot through a gap in the crates. She smiled again, ready to give them the show of their lives. She turned to face Baeden, grasping his manhood through his velvet pants and kissing him passionately. He returned the kiss, then sniffed. "You smell like sex," he whispered to her.
"That should be no surprise. I've watched countless women pee themselves while I myself held on. I would be lying to say that I am not more excited than I have ever been."
"I am proud of you, Marina," Baeden whispered to her. "You have no crutch to fall back on like men do. You held it all in with your own strength."
Marina held herself against Baeden's chest. "It's all thanks to you." She fell to her knees and tore at his drawstring, letting the velvet fall to the ground. He was not soft, but not fully hard either. She watched it quiver and vibrate with his desperation, and she took it in her right hand, giving the tip a light lick. He moaned quietly, and she watched as a tiny drop leaked out of him. He caught himself and stepped out of the pants, grasping at his manhood. "You said you wanted to have me like you did our first night together," she whispered. "I am far fuller than I was back then. So let us get on with it, before we both add to this puddle."
*********************
Chapter Ten - Limits
*********************
"Grab the dry towels and let's go towards the back of the room where it's more dry," Marina said. Baeden nodded and slowly made his way to the crate, pulling the mass of thick towels out of it and throwing them around his shoulders. They gingerly walked across the silent treasury until they were just a few feet away from the wall of crates. Marina glanced stealthily at it, spotting the gap between them that Sabina and Mary were surely watching intently from. She stared right into it, and winked. She smiled as she heard a tiny giggle. "Enjoy," she mouthed.
Baeden was spreading the towels over the stone floor, layering them thick to create the best cushion he could manage. Soon he was finished, and Marina kneeled down on the towels. Baeden did the same, and they stared into each other's eyes. "Are you alright?" Baeden asked. "You are really still and quiet for someone so full. If you lost control down here, you can tell me. I won't be upset."
Marina reached out, taking Baeden's right hand and pulling it onto her belly. It was as hard as the castle walls, and as round as a guard's helmet. "I'm fine. Just too full to bother talking about it. It feels like my whole body has locked up."
"That's how I felt the night I met you, when we were resting under the trees. I never did thank you for that night, for allowing me to relieve myself with my pride intact. I was likely going to wet myself any second...I was really afraid."
He reached out his other arm and embraced Marina, holding her closer to him. She could feel his warmth, radiating out from his desperate body. "You don't have to thank me," she breathed. "I just wanted to see you do it so badly. You watched me wet myself, you took my clothes off, and I wanted to make it even." She slowly leaned back, and he helped her down into the pile of towels. He grasped the waist of her burlap pants and slid them down her legs, tossing them aside. He watched as she spread her legs, her huge bulging belly showing under her burlap shirt. She untied said shirt, pulling it off and wadded it behind her head like a pillow. Baeden's shirt was next, the royal red flashing through the air before it landed near her pants.
His organ was at full attention now, despite his desperation. She frowned, somewhat sad at the thought that she could never see him truly lose control like this. Was this even true, though? Surely if he was full enough, and if there was enough pressure, his body would surely have to let it out to save him from harm? She shook the thought away for now. He was leaning over her, breathing heavily, sweat gathering on his chin. "Take me now," Marina moaned.
Baeden did not need to be told twice. He grasped his manhood and guided it into Marina's soaked privates, pushing it into her to the very base of the shaft. He could feel her contracting and shaking from the inside, and he could even feel the weight of her bladder pushing down on his member. He stiffened his legs and thrust into her again, and she wrapped the blankets in her fists, squeezing them tightly. Each thrust rocked her backwards, and she could see her belly bouncing with Baeden's motions. She held it in though, timing her own movements so his body pressed right against her pee hole. They made love for twenty minutes, in every position they knew. He took her from behind, holding her bladder with his hands. She rode him for a long time, leaning forwards to kiss him as he held her breasts. She got off a total of three times, spraying sex over Baeden's legs with each quivering orgasm.
Eventually though, Baeden grasped her hips and lifted her off of him, laying her on the towels beside him. "I'm about to finish" he whispered. "I don't know how I've held off this long. I wish I could do it inside of you without the risk of pregnancy."
"It is alright, my love," she whispered. "It is better off this way, because there is something I wish to see."
"And what is that?" Baeden asked.
Marina grinned at him. She turned on her side, grasping his slick staff tightly with her left hand. She stroked it gently, blushing as it throbbed and pulsed in her hand. "You say that men cannot relieve themselves while they are hard," she said. "I do not believe that. You just have to be full enough. I think you are...I want you to push on your belly as hard as you can while I pleasure you." She wasted no time, tugging at him while she kissed and licked at it. He just went stiff. "Do it, my Prince," she begged. "Push in on it with all your strength."
He opened his mouth to argue, but let out a gasp of pleasure as she circled his tip with her tongue. His hands slammed onto his belly, and he pushed in, massaging it and pressing down with his large hands. Marina smiled as his cock immediately grew even harder, fighting against her hand. She kneeled up and began sucking on it, still stroking the base with her right hand. "I can't," Baeden gasped. "It just won't come out."
Marina let go of his rod, reaching her hand across both of his. She leaned to her right, putting half her weight on top of Baeden's own pressure. He screamed out loud, and she felt it happen before she could get clear. Her mouth instantly filled with the hot liquid, and she fell backwards as he burst all over himself. "Yes," she hissed, watching the golden stream spray high into the air. She only hesitated a second before she climbed on top of him again, forcing him back into herself. It was the best feeling in the world, his warmth spreading all through her privates and into her body. As this happened, it was like a switch flipped inside of her. The metaphorical 'lock' that she felt earlier split open, and all the throbbing pressure and pain returned full-force.
She screamed and sat straight, letting Baeden's manhood fall onto his belly. He cut off the stream as he watched her stand up, crushing her legs together and forcing her hands between them. She bounced and gasped, moaned and doubled over. Tidal waves of pressure crashed against her soaking, compressed flower. Her fingers grew slick as spurts started forcing their way out of her, despite her greatest efforts to hold on. Baeden grabbed his cock and started weeing again, directing it between her legs. It was the final straw, and her dam burst open. She came once more as she relieved herself over her lover. She went completely limp, sitting back down on Baeden, gasping at the ceiling as her body twitched involuntarily from the relief.
She could see her own liquids spreading across his chest and dripping down his neck, the pressure spraying her pee with great force. She took him into her again, rocking back and forth, their waters mixing in their bout of passion. He suddenly tensed up, thrusting further into her, and reaching up to grab at her arm. He tugged weakly at it, and she felt another jolt in her womanhood. She frowned, looking into Baeden's eyes. He looked drained and exhausted, but she could see concern and worry in him too. And then she understood. He had his pleasure inside of her. She had not given him much choice in the matter. She smiled as she leaned forwards and kissed him. "It is alright, my Prince. I want to leave here soon. If I grow with child, it will only move me on my way. You know I always planned on leaving."
Baeden just nodded as he continued to soak the towels beneath them. Marina stood up as she still relieved herself, and it fell onto Baeden's organ. It was an altogether beautiful sight, two beautiful people doing the most beautiful deed. They both finished at the same time, and Marina leaned against the wall, rubbing herself between her legs. "With all this pee, it would be a miracle if you actually got pregnant," Baeden said finally. "I'm sure it was all washed out of there."
Marina nodded. "Probably. We'll find out in about a week, either way."
"What happens in a week?"
"I get my...you know," she said, blushing. "Don't make me say it."
"Oh," Baeden coughed. "Yes, I suppose we'll know then. I put spare clothes in the bottom of the towel crate. Let's change and get back to the castle."
They stood up and changed, and they both left the treasury together. Marina glanced over her shoulder to make sure the outside lock stayed open, and soon they were on the staircase back to the castle.
******
Still laying in Sabina's puddle, red-faced and astonished, both with their fingers inside themselves, Mary and Sabina looked at each other.
"Holy hell," they whispered together.