I had sex with two boys during my first semester of college. I'm not even sure it could be called sex. Even growing up in small town Texas in a very conservative family, I had an idea of how sex should be, and that's what I expected. Boy was I wrong.
The two boys I'd let fuck me, were both so anxious to fuck, there was almost no foreplay and no variety. Both times, it was pretty much, 'wham bam, go get me a beer.' Neither of them went down on me, and even though I was perfectly willing to give them blowjobs, I didn't offer to. I stood on principal. What's good for the goose . . .
Needless to say, those experiences didn't do much to further my desire to try it again. I thought sex was supposed to be fun and exciting. I wanted to learn about it from someone who knew what he was doing. I just wanted to play and laugh and have fun with it.
In my fantasies, sex was chasing each other around, wrestling around, tickling, joking, teasing, and laughing. I hated that it was all serious in real life, at least it was the two times I'd done it.
Hell, I had more fun with the two girls I shared a dorm room with. I mean, we didn't have sex or anything, but there was a lot of teasing and laughing and even a friendly grope now and then.
I was extremely happy when the spring semester was over and I could go home for the summer.
* * *
A week after getting home, my older brother and I decided to go hiking at one of our favorite places, along the Canadian River. Of course, during the summer, it could hardly be called a river. Except for a few shallow pools, there was barely a trickle of water.
Mark was a year older than me, a real jock, on the college football team, and a very protective big brother.
After several hours of hiking in the hot sand, we came to a place the locals called Walnut Grove. There were a few dozen large walnut trees, a nice grassy area, and a half acre sized pool that was usually a foot or so deep.
"We should take a dip and cool off before we head back to the car." I suggested. Neither of us had brought a bathing suit, but as we'd often done, we settled for going in the pool in our underwear.
The pool wasn't deep enough to swim in, but we could lay back and relax while the cool water ran over our bodies. I chose that moment in time to seek guidance from my older (and I hoped more experienced) brother. "Mark, I need to talk to you about something."
He must have recognized the seriousness in my voice. He peeked over the top of his sunglasses and said, "Okay, shoot."
"It's . . . well, it's not something I feel comfortable talking to Mom about, but I really need-"
"So, it's about sex. Am I right?" He accurately guessed the topic.
"Yeah."
"Then you came to the right person." He said with a chuckle, "What would you like to know?"
"That's the first thing. I figure you, being on the football team and all, not to mention you being a good looking hunk, you've had more than your share of sex. Am I right?"
My brother laughed out loud, and when he could, he said, "Hum, I don't know. I guess I'll have to check the school manual to see what 'my share' is."
I shot him a scolding look, "Don't tease me now. I'm trying to be serious. How many girls have you had sex with?"
"Serious, huh? Okay, if you really want to know, more than five, less than twenty."
"Okay then. Now, I don't want to know who or how many times with each, just the first times with each. I've had sex with two boys, once each, and it was so disappointing both times, I never went out with them again. How did your first times go?"
"Before I can answer that, it would help if I knew what you found so disappointing about your experiences."
My brother didn't make a sound or interrupt me in any way as I described my two experiences to him. When I was finished, my brother was quiet for a long while. Finally, he shook his head, "Fucking idiots!"
"Mark, please tell me it's not always going to be like that."
He took off his sunglasses and looked at me, a tear running down his cheek, "I wish I could promise you that, Bev, but I can't—or at least I can't tell you how many fucking idiots you're going to have to go through to find what you're looking for."
"How was it for you—the first time with a new girl, I mean?"
"I'm afraid I'm not going to be much help. I've never had what you'd call a real girlfriend. Most of the girls I've been with have been at parties. There was nothing serious about it at all. As for the fun thing, it was all fun. Hell, I didn't even know some of their names."
I let that soak in for a few seconds before asking him, "How do you feel about them now?"
"What? I . . . I just remember having fun. Other than that, I don't think about them at all. They got what they wanted, and I had fun. That's all."
"What do you think they wanted?"
He shrugged, "To be able to brag about fucking some football players, I guess."
"Was there a lot of drinking and laughing and playing around?"
"Oh yeah." He responded with a chuckle.
"That sounds wonderful." I confessed
"No, Bev! Don't say that. You're not one of . . . them."
His words hit me like a sledgehammer, "You pompous ass!" I shouted at him.
"What?"
"I'm the little sister of a big bad football player. I can't be anything like the groupies he fucks at parties. I'm supposed to be better than that—on some kind of pedestal or something. Well, I've got news for you, big bad football celebrity big brother; I'm no different than those groupies. I am starving for some fun—sexual fun, and I don't give a shit who gives it to me."
Without anything else being said, and like we'd done a dozen times before, Mark and I got out of the water and stretched out on the grass to dry before getting dressed. I must have dozed off. When I woke up, my brother was lying on his side facing me, his head propped up on his hand. He was just looking at me.
I happened to glance lower and was shocked at what I saw. His cock was hard, the engorged head and perhaps two inches were protruding from under the top of his briefs. I had to tease him, "Thinking about your little groupies, or just perving on your baby sister?"
He followed my eyes down to his crotch, "Gezzz, sorry." He said while making a futile attempt to pull his briefs up enough to cover his exposed cock. He finally gave up and just covered it with his hand.
"You didn't answer the question." I teased him.
"I . . . uh . . ."
I giggled, "So, you were perving on your little sister, huh?"
"No . . . I was just . . ."
For the first time in my life, I felt like I had one up on my big brother. I laughed, "I'm going to get dressed and head back to the car. I'll leave the two of you alone."
I laughed to myself during the several mile hike back to our car, my brother trying desperately to catch up to me. I didn't know if he'd actually gotten hard while looking at my almost naked body, but I secretly hoped that was what had caused it.
I got back to the car well before Mark. During the hike back, I had become a little horny recalling the look of my brother's hard cock sticking out of his briefs, and I was feeling a little naughty.
My bra was still damp, so I decided to take it off. There was no one around, so I started to pull my bra off without taking my t-shirt completely off, but then I had a better idea. I waited until Mark was close enough to see me, but still a good distance away. Then I pulled off my t-shirt, and slowly took off my bra. I wasn't facing his direction, but I didn't have my back to him either.
When my bra was off, I stretched before reaching for my t-shirt. I never looked his way, but I giggled to myself, hoping his cock was noticing. I was sure he'd have a good view of my C cup tits. My t-shirt was fully in place when I heard my brother call out, "Flashing the wildlife, were you?"
"Oh, I didn't expect you so soon." I lied, "And the only wildlife I've seen lately was sticking out of your underwear. Were you perving on your little sister again?"
"I wasn't . . . shit, what did you expect? We were laying there practically naked and talking about sex. Oh, and by the way . . . you have awesome tits."
I giggled as I stuck my chest out, stretching my t-shirt tight, "Thank you for noticing, big brother."
"How could I not? You were showing them to the whole world."
"My bra was still wet." I explained.
"Yeah, I know the feeling." He admitted with a blush.
I giggled again, "Take them off. I promise not to look—not that I haven't already seen it anyway. Oh, and by the way, the term 'big brother' has a whole new meaning now."
Mark shot me a scowl as he tossed his damp underwear in the backseat with my bra, "Would you please stop? You're just having fun trying to make me hard again, but it's not going to work."
I raised an eyebrow, "Okay, I'll stop, but just so you know, I could if I really wanted to."
"I'm sure you could. Now, will you get in the car so we can get home? I need a shower."
"A cold one?" I teased him.
"Bev! Stop it already."
"Yes, sir, 'big brother'."
* * *
I'm not sure why I was enjoying teasing my brother so much, but I think it had something to do with his revelation that his sexual experiences had all been so casual . . . and fun, while mine were anything but. I was jealous of him for that.
* * *
"Wanna go for a marathon swim at Lake Meredith?" Mark asked me the next morning.
I showed him a naughty grin, "If you just want to perv on me in a bikini, we don't have to go all the way to the lake, 'big brother'."
My brother rolled his eyes, "Get over yourself. Do you want to go or not?"
"Okay, but only if you try to keep up this time." I teased him.
* * *
Along one side of the lake was a long stretch where the water was shallow with a rocky bottom. No boats would speed through there, so we could swim far enough from the shore to avoid fishing lures being cast from the bank, but close enough to be safe from boats.
Up and back was just under two miles, so each time we got back to our starting point, we'd take a short break, laying in the shallow water on a sandy bottom.
During our first break, while I was lying back on my elbows, I told Mark, "I've really missed this—the hiking too, just the two of us."
My brother agreed, "Me too. We need to do it a lot this summer."
"Maybe we can drive up to Colorado before the summer is over."
He chuckled, "Only if you promise not to sprain your ankle half way up a mountain."
I thought back to that incident three years earlier. Fortunately we hadn't been climbing. We'd stuck to the trails. Mark had to carry me on his back all the way down the mountain.
He was a large boy even back then, six foot two and two sixty—none of it fat. He seemed to have no problem toting my five foot six, hundred and twenty pound body, and my backpack. He was joking and teasing me all the way down the mountain.
Mark and I swam up and back twice more before heading to his truck. As was our usual routine, we went to opposite sides of the truck to get out of our wet suits. In the past, I'd always ducked way down to insure neither my brother nor anyone else could see me changing clothes. This time, I was feeling naughty, so I didn't bother. If he looked my way, he would have seen my tits clearly through the windows, but I didn't know if he looked or not.
We drove in silence for awhile, and then he said without looking at me, "You've never done that before."
"Done what?" I played coy.
My brother shot me a sideways scolding glance, "You know exactly what I'm talking about. The other day after our hike, I thought you just didn't know I was there, but with your little flashing today, I'm convinced both times were on purpose."
He had obviously looked. When I responded with only a giggle, he shot me another stern look, "Well?"
I giggled again, "Maybe."
"You're becoming quite the little prick teaser."
"I am not!" I defended myself. "I wasn't teasing a 'little prick', 'big brother'."
"You know what I meant." He scolded. "You shouldn't play that game with your brother."
"Oh, then who should I play it with? Do you have any suggestions?"
He tried to change the subject, "I have a date tomorrow."
"Oh, who are you going out with?"
"No one you know—a girl from school. Her name is Rachael."
"Oooooo," I teased, "One of your little groupies driving all the way from Lubbock to score with my 'big brother'."
"She lives in Canyon, so it's farther for me than for her. We're going to meet in Amarillo."
"So, I take it you won't be coming home tomorrow night. Doing the cheap motel thing?"
He laughed, "No, I reserved us a very nice place, room service and all."
"Wow! She must have made quite the impression. Is she that good?"
My brother grinned, "Better than good."
"Linda Lovelace, huh?"
"Something like that." He admitted while showing me a wide grin.
"Sweet. Tell her she owes me for keeping you all primed and ready."
"Yeah right—like I'm going to tell anyone my little sister has been making my dick hard."
I had to laugh out loud. "Oh, do tell. I know you got hard the other day at Walnut Grove, but did you get hard when I was changing clothes a while ago?"
"Pretty much." He confessed.
"Sweet! I'm glad to know that you like your little sister's girls." I said as I lifted my braless tits and giggled them.
"You're sooooooo baaaaadddd!" He said, shaking his head, but he still had a wide grin on his face.
* * *
An hour after our parents left for their weekly card game and Mark headed off to Amarillo, I was soaking in a wonderfully hot bubble bath. After a lot of reflection and a dissection of my motives, I decided that teasing Mark was simply fun. I was having fun doing it. And I saw it as great practice. Who better to practice on than someone so safe?
As much as I was going to hate going back to college, I was looking forward to using this experience at teasing to find a boy who I could actually enjoy having sex with. If a boy can't take the teasing and have fun with it and give as good as he gets, there is no way he is going to have a chance to bed me.
I didn't just want to tease, I wanted to be teased. Just the thought of it started my pussy tingling. In the short time Mark and I had been home, I'd already had more fun of a sexual nature than during the rest of my life combined. And the fact that my brother seemed cool with it just made it more fun.
While thinking back to the moment when he was looking me over at Walnut Grove, my hand found my pussy and began toying with it. Would my big brother be fun in the sack? By his own admission, he hadn't had to work very hard for sex. The groupies were anxious to have sex with him. I found it difficult to believe that he'd be a lousy fuck, especially with that oversized cock of his, but it takes more than a big cock—at least for me. I was sure of that, even though I hadn't yet experienced a big one—not even close to as big as the one I saw sticking out of my brother's underwear.
While thinking about it, my fingers continued teasing my pussy. I was feeling warm and nice, not needy or urgent. I was content to just lay there and enjoy the nice feelings. I wasn't trying to get myself off.
I giggled out loud and listened to the sound echo around the bathroom. What caused me to giggle? I was thinking back to the previous day when Mark admitted that he'd seen me through the windows of the truck, and that it had made his dick hard.
Hell, I know I'm not beautiful, but I am cute, and I have a killer body. I wear my very dark brown hair below my shoulders, but I love putting it up in a pony tail and wearing a cap. When I'm hiking or jogging, I love the feel of it swinging back and forth behind me. I'm told that it really brings out my green eyes. I have the high cheek bones of a model, but not the nose or chin.
It's from my neck down that gets the most attention. My C cups look much bigger on my slender, athletic body. I personally love how perky they are, almost pear shaped, with small dark areolas and long nipples that never pass up an opportunity to get hard. I moved one hand up to gently roll them between my fingers.
My butt and legs are commented on mostly by other girls who "would kill" to have them. It's difficult for me to judge, since even with two mirrors, I just don't see it. Still, I appreciate the compliments. Maybe I'll talk Mark into taking some pictures of my ass and legs in sexy poses so I can see what others do.
By the time I got out of the bath and dried off, I was in a very nice, warm, tingling place. I couldn't stand the thought of ruining it by going for an orgasm. I could do that anytime.
* * *
The next day was Saturday. Dad was off playing golf, and Mom was in the kitchen. I was at Mark's driver's side window before he even turned off the motor of his truck. "Well, how did it go?"
My brother chuckled, "I'm not going to give you a blow by blow of my night."
I giggled, "Interesting choice of words, considering you were in the company of Miss Rachael Lovelace."
"You'll just have to use your imagination. Now, is it okay if I get out of the truck?"
I laughed, "Mom's in the kitchen. Otherwise, I'd be dressed differently."
"I can only imagine." He said with a chuckle as he pushed past me.
"Oooooo, I hope you do." I teased him.
* * *
Over the next three weeks, Mark spent the night twice more with his groupie in Amarillo. Of course, I never passed up an opportunity to tease him about it.
I ran into Greg Haynes at the convenience store, and he asked me out for a burger at the local drive in. He'd asked me out several times during our senior year in high school, but I'd always turned him down. He was a little too much of a nerd for me. But after giving it some thought, I decided he'd be good practice, so I accepted.
I took a deep breath before walking out of our front door when Greg arrived to pick me up. I'd never gone out in public dressed like that—especially not in our small town. I'd purchased, just for this occasion, a thin, light blue halter that showed much more of my breasts than I'd dared do before, and matching tight short shorts.
I had to stifle a giggle when Greg first saw me. His reaction was priceless. I pretended that I didn't notice and slid into the passenger seat of his convertible Chrysler.
When we were sitting at the town's only red light, I looked over and caught him staring at my boobs. When he realized he'd been busted, he quickly looked up at my face. His face turned a beautiful shade of red, "Uh . . . sorry." He finally managed.
I forced a giggle, and then I put a hand on his arm and gave it a gentle squeeze. "Don't apologize. If I minded you looking, I wouldn't have worn this halter."
He finally found his voice, "It's just that I've never seen you dressed . . . you know."
"I know." I told him. "I decided I need to loosen up a little, and I thought today would be as good as any to start. I hope you don't mind."
"Mind? Hell no. I'm honored."
I laughed, "Just try to restrict your staring to those times when we're sitting still. The last thing we need is to be in an accident."
"Yes, Ma'am."
I was greatly disappointed in Greg. I'd given him several opportunities to engage me in some teasing banter, but he let them all pass right on by. He turned out to be more of a little puppy dog with his tongue hanging out. Sex with me was definitely not in his future.
The Dairy Mart was at the end of the town's "Drag", but it was much too early for the local teens to start making the drag. Still, there seemed to be a steady stream of guys who just happened to stop by our car to say "hi", and ask me about my first semester of college and so on. After four of those encounters, I turned to Greg and apologized, "It's the halter." I told him with a giggle
I saw Alan Range park on the other side of the building and go inside. I'd dated him a few times, and even went parking with him twice. He was a gentleman . . . for the most part. At least he took 'no' for an answer when he tried to feel me up. I chose that time to tell Greg I needed to run inside to the lady's room.
Alan noticed me the second I got inside. "Wow! Nice outfit." He told me as I was walking by his table.
"Why, thank you, sir." I purred in as sexy a voice as I could muster.
When I was finished in the lady's room and on my way to the door, he reached out and grabbed my arm, spinning me around. "Do you wanna join me?" He asked, pointing to the empty seat across from him.
I showed him a pout, "Sorry, I'm here with someone. I'll be free later though."
"What time?"
I leaned in closer to whisper to him, sure that he would have a great look at my hanging boobs, "I'm not sure. Do you have beer?"
Our county was dry, so one had to drive to the state line for beer. That place didn't care how old you were. If you had the money, they would sell it to you out the back door.
Alan grinned, "I can make a run."
"Why don't you do that and then pick me up around seven thirty. If you bring a blanket, we can go the bluff and watch the sunset."
"Okay, if you promise not to change."
I gave him a playful slap on the arm. "Am I going to need handcuffs?"
"Probably." He said with a chuckle.
"Seven thirty." I said as I spun and went out the door.
I was barely back in Greg's car when I saw Alan's GTO spin out of the parking lot and head toward the Oklahoma line.
* * *
When the doorbell rang, I headed out, but Mom saw me go by and called to me, "Beverly, a word please."
I opened the door and told Alan to wait in the car. I'd put on a shirt over my halter for just this reason.
"Those shorts are very tight. Are you sure-"
"I'll be fine, Mom. I'm just going to make the drag a few times with Alan and maybe grab something to eat. You remember him. He's not going to try anything."
She looked skeptical, "I thought you two broke up last year."
"We weren't going steady or anything, so we didn't break up. We just got too busy with school and things."
Finally, she let me leave.
"I got the third degree from Mom about how tight my shorts are." I told Alan when I got into his car.
"Is that the reason for the shirt?"
"Of course. She would never have let me out of the house otherwise. But don't worry, I'll lose it when we're out of sight.
"Sweet." And then fifteen minutes later, he glanced over at me and said, "I thought you were going to lose the shirt."
I giggled, "I thought it would be safer to wait until we get to the bluff. I don't want to end up wrapped around a telephone pole."
Alan laughed out loud, "Good thinking."
* * *
Twenty minutes later, we were sitting on a blanket on the hood of Alan's car, leaning back on the windshield on pillows. He popped open each of us a beer and asked me, "So what the hell were you doing with Greg the geek?"
"Just having a burger, that's all. Why do you care? You stopped asking me out, and I know why."
He turned his head and looked at me, "Oh? And why do you think I quit asking you out?"
"Brenda Shepard's tits." I said with a giggle, "It was no secret she let all you guys feel her up, and I wouldn't."
He chuckled, "Busted, but she did more than that."
"Hand jobs. I know. She bragged about it all the time . . . or was there more she didn't tell us?"
Alan shook his head, "Na, that was about it. I don't think she went farther than that with anyone. So, how was your first semester at Tech?"
I burst out laughing, and when I could, I looked him straight in the eyes, "Is that what you really want to know?"
He blushed and shook his head, "Not exactly."
"Then ask."
"Are you still a virgin?"
I giggled, "Are you?"
He grinned, "Nope. And don't ask. You don't know her."
"You must not have been very good if you're not still seeing her."
"You haven't answered the question." He pressed me.
"I'll think about answering it." I said as I took another sip of my beer.
It wasn't dark yet, and Alan was taking full advantage of the opportunity to stare at my boobs. He made no attempt to hide it, so I let out a giggle, "You like my new halter, huh?"
"No, I hate the halter. I love what's inside it though. In the past, you've done a great job of hiding those. I didn't have a clue."
"I'll consider that a compliment and just say, 'thank you'. I decided I need to loosen up a little."
"So, how's it going so far?" He asked me as I handed him my empty can. He drained the last of his beer and hopped off the hood. He returned a half minute later with two new ones. When he pulled the tab, it spewed all over my chin and chest. "Sorry. Hang on." He got a small towel from the backseat and tossed it to me.
He watched intently as I dried my face, neck and chest. "You did that on purpose, you little shit."
"I swear I didn't. I'm not a fucking idiot. I'm having too good a time to risk pissing you off with a stupid stunt."
I softened my look and tone, "I'm sorry. I overreacted. If you were that fucking stupid, I wouldn't be out here with you."
"Whew!" He said, wiping his forehead and pretending to shake the sweat off his fingers. "I'm glad we got that settled."
I giggled, "So, you're having a good time, huh? Other than staring at my tits, anything in particular you're enjoying?"
Alan crawled back up onto the hood and held his beer away from me to open it. He took a big gulp and then said, "You're different than before—the way you're dressed, your easy nature—hell, everything about you is different . . . in a good way . . . a very good way."
"I guess I was a bit of a prude, huh?"
"Yeah, maybe a little more than a bit." He said, and then he showed me a wide grin.
"Just because I wouldn't let you feel me up?"
He chuckled, "Yeah, that too. I hope you've loosened up on that as well."
"Oh do you now?" And then I giggled, "I have, but I'm not ready to let you go there . . . yet. You haven't even kissed me."
His face beamed, "We can fix that in a heartbeat."
"Then let's." I cooed as I leaned toward him.
To his credit, Alan didn't crush his lips to mine and jam is tongue into my mouth, which was how I remembered his kisses from before. Instead, he put two fingers under my chin and gently tilted it up. Next, he gave me a long tender kiss on the lips. It wasn't until I parted my lips that he eased his tongue in to find mine.
When we broke that kiss, I showed him a warm smile, "My, my. Someone's been practicing. You used to be a lousy kisser, by the way."
"I just needed a teacher, and since you never complained, how was I to know?"
Without giving it much thought, I put my hand on his and guided it to my left breast. And then I looked him in the eyes and purred, "That's your reward for giving me a really nice gentle kiss."
After only about fifteen seconds, I pulled his hand away. When I saw the look of disappointment on his face, I giggled, "Hey, it was only one kiss." I gave him a quick peck on the lips and then moved my mouth close to his ear. In as sexy a purr as I could muster, I said, "The answer to your earlier question is 'noooooooo'." And then I quickly sat back and took a long swig of my beer.
"The question about . . ." He had a look of shock on his face.
"Yeah, that question. And no, you don't know them."
"Them? More than one?"
I thought for a moment before being honest with him, "Two, to be exact, but only once with each of them. They were both fucking idiots. So, how many times did you do it with that girl who got your cherry?"
He shrugged, "Maybe half a dozen. It was fun at first, but I knew after a while that she wasn't for me. Why only once with each of them?"
Again, I decided to be honest, but I didn't want to be too specific. I didn't want to lay out a game plan for him. "They seemed fun and funny and all, but the minute our clothes came off, all that went by the wayside."
"Ah gotcha!" He said as if he understood perfectly. "My girl was the same way. That's one of the reasons I broke up with her. She was way too serious." And then he used his fingers to turn my face to look at him. I thought he was going to kiss me again, but instead, he smiled at me and said, "I have a secret."
"Oh, care to share it?" I asked him.
"You and I are destined to have sex, and do you know what else?"
"Go on."
"We're both going to really enjoy it."
"Oh, you think so, do you?" I said and then showed him a naughty grin.
Alan turned and sat back on his pillow. He took a big gulp of his beer, peered up at the sky with a wide grin on his face, "Yep."
I chuckled, "And when is all of this sex between us supposed to happen?"
He finished off his beer and crushed the can, "You ready for another one?"
"Sure" I said, finishing off mine.
He waited until we both had fresh beers to answer my question, "When? That's up to you. I'm sure you'll let me know when you're ready."
I sat my beer on the top of the car, straddled his lap and kissed him. This time, he pulled me closer, but not roughly, and gave me a kiss that curled my toes.
When he broke our kiss, he pulled back and grinned, "That should earn me at least another feel."
"Oh, you think it was that good, do you?" I teased him.
"Yep" he said in a confident tone.
"Okay, but only for one minute. You're on the clock." And I leaned back a little to give him more room.
Gawd! His hands felt so good on my tits, I almost decided to fuck him right there on the hood of his car, but I didn't. I wasn't finished teasing him yet. "Ummmm that feels really nice."
And then I felt his fingers slide inside my halter. I didn't stop him, and his hand was soon cupping my left breast without obstruction. "Hey, I don't remember that being part of the deal." I said playfully.
"You didn't specifically exclude it either." He shot back in the same playful tone.
"Your minute is almost up."
"Okay, then I'd better hurry." And with that, he withdrew his hand and slid it inside my halter on the other side.
I waited another fifteen seconds or so to announce, "Time's up."
Dutifully, he withdrew his hand. "Beverly Anderson, you have awesome tits. I'm really going to enjoy kissing and sucking them in the near future."
I giggled, "And I just may let you do that, but not today." And then my mood turned more serious, "Promise me something, Alan."
"I will, but only if I'm sure I can make good on the promise."
"The teasing, the back and forth banter, never stop that—not even when we're naked and having sex."
"That's easy. I can surely promise you that."
"I'm leaving on a hiking trip to Colorado with my brother the day after tomorrow. I'll be gone five or six days. Try not to catch any social diseases between now and the time I get back."
"I'll have my hand checked." He said with a chuckle as he raised his hand and made a jacking off motion.
I slapped him playfully on the arm, "Don't wear your dick out either. I want it to be excited to see me."
"Now you're asking a lot. I'll try to limit myself to three or four times a day."
I rolled off him and to the ground. "Hey, where ya going."
"I have to get rid of two beers."
"Oh, okay, I'll try not to look, unless you want me to keep an eye out for rattlesnakes for you."
I laughed, "I think I can manage."
* * *
I was able to get into my bedroom before eleven without having to face my mom. I had my shirt in place covering my halter, just in case, but I didn't want to risk her smelling my breath.
I wasn't in bed thirty seconds before my fingers were inside my pussy. I was so horny; it only took me a couple of minutes to get myself off. What was I thinking about? The answer isn't easy. My mind was whirling. I saw flashes of me with Alan on a blanket somewhere outside. I saw flashes of being with him in public, his hand on my ass, my arm around him, hugging myself to him, allowing him to fondle me in public. And then I saw his face. He was laughing while he was fucking me.
* * *
"You were drinking when you were out with Alan night before last, weren't you." My brother asked me while he was driving us to Colorado.
"How did you know?" I asked him.
"Damn, Bev, you were bouncing off the walls when you were coming down the hall. It's a good thing Mom wasn't up."
"We had a great time. We went out to the bluff and watched the sunset."
"That's it? You just watched the sunset?" He asked, shooting me a skeptical sideways glance.
I put my arm on my big brother's shoulder, "Oh, is my 'very big brother' jealous?"
"Do I need to go kick his ass?"
"No, no, not at all. He was the perfect mix of gentleman and horny bastard."
"He didn't put his hands on you, did he?"
"No more than I wanted him to. Remember, my 'very big brother', I'm not a virgin anymore, so get over it."
"I'm going to beat that little fucker within an inch of his life."
I laughed, "You're going to do no such thing. We didn't have sex or anything. We just made out a little."
He shot me another sideways scowl, "How little?"
"That's none of your business." I scolded him. "Besides, you're getting laid every week or so, and I'm stuck with just using my fingers."
My brother shot his head around and showed me a scowl.
I giggled, "What? You don't think you're the only one that beats off, do you? Girls do it too, you know."
His voice was firm when he said, "Enough, Bev! Change the subject."
* * *
During our time in Colorado, I took every chance to tease my brother. I'm not sure why I enjoyed it so much, but I did, very much. Most of the time, it was harmless banter and innuendos, but other times it was more blatant.
On our first day of hiking through the woods, I began feeling a little light-headed. I feared that it was the first sign of heat stroke. After all, it was very hot, and the uphill hiking was very strenuous.
When we came across a pond with a small waterfall, I told Mark I needed to rest and cool off. I made him turn his back while I stripped, and then, after admonishing him not to peek, I waded into the pond. I swam over to the small waterfall, climbed out and stood under the cool water for ten minutes or so. And then I swam back to where I left my clothes.
While I was getting dressed, I asked my brother, "You didn't peek, did you?"
"Of course not!" He assured me.
I'd seen him looking in my direction while I was under the waterfall, so I giggled and said, "You're such a liar. I saw you looking several times."
"Then why did you ask?" He shot back.
"I just wanted to see if you'd be honest about it."
"Okay, okay. I looked. What red-blooded male wouldn't, sister or not?"
I was laughing when I slapped him on the back and started up the trail. "I know. I'm not mad at you. I'm just busting your chops."
Our first night in the tent was fun too. When I started stripping, he asked "What are you doing?"
"Just getting ready for bed." I said in a nonchalant tone. And then I slid into my sleeping bag and fell asleep with a wide grin on my face.
I couldn't have been asleep very long when something woke me. When I looked over, Mark wasn't there. I figured he stepped out to pee. It came to me how much fun it would be to sneak up behind him and scare the crap out of him while he was peeing. So I snuck out of the tent and looked around. Sure enough, he was standing at the rear of the tent facing away from it.
I very quietly snuck up behind him. I was just about ready to goose him when I realized he wasn't peeing. He was beating off. I considered goosing him anyway, but I thought better of it. Instead, I turned and made my way back inside the tent.
When he entered the tent, I giggled and asked, "Did you have a nice beat off?"
He didn't answer. He just grunted and got into his sleeping bag.
While I was stripping the next night, I made sure he got a good look, and then I said in a mater-of-fact tone, "You don't have to wait for me to fall asleep to go outside and beat off."
His tone was irritated when he said simply, "Good night, Sis."
* * *
A week after Mark and I returned from Colorado, Mom called me to the phone, "It's Alan."
I picked up the phone on the upstairs hall table. "Got it, Mom." I said and then waited on the click of her hanging up the downstairs phone. "Hi, Alan. What's up?"
I listened to the reason for his call and then told him to hang on while I checked with my mother. I ran downstairs, "Some of my friends from school have rented two cabins down in Palo Duro Canyon. They're going to rent horses and stay the night. Can I go?"
"Two cabins?" She asked skeptically.
"Yes, Mom. One for the girls and one for the boys."
"Is there going to be alcohol?"
"Probably, but that doesn't mean it's going to turn into a drunken orgy. You went to parties out there when you were my age."
"Yes, that's the problem." She said with a chuckle. "Well, at least you were honest with me. You're old enough to make your own decisions about such things. Go and have fun . . . just not too much fun."
I gave her a kiss on the cheek and ran back upstairs, "Count me in."
* * *
Amarillo, Texas is located on a large plateau called "The Caprock". For miles and miles in any direction, the land is so flat; you can see the lights of a city or even a small town fifty miles before you get to it. It's as flat as a table top.
The only character to the land at all is a huge crack in the plateau. It's called Palo Duro Canyon. If you didn't know it was there, you could drive right by it and not see it. It's so large; there is an amphitheater in the bottom. Every spring, people flock there from all over the world to see the play named simply, "Texas". It's an incredible show.
A small river, a creek really, runs through the canyon. It provides tourist and locals a place to fish, wade, and picnic. However, farther up the canyon, it's very wooded with high, steep walls. Decades earlier, someone built a handful of cabins on that end.
On top, just at the edge of the canyon was a mock old western town named "Six Gun City", where actors performed gunfights and entertained tourist. The owners of Six Gun City also had a riding stable and rented horses out by the hour or day. They also owned the cabins in the bottom of the canyon.
You could buy a 'package', where you'd get horses and a cabin. The landlord would carry your beer, groceries and sleeping bags down to the cabins by jeep. Before dark each night, they would come down and retrieve the horses, returning them the following morning. Whoever rented the cabins and horses had to be over eighteen, but other than that, no IDs were required.
There were eight of us, four boys and four girls. We met up at Six Gun City and rode the horses down the narrow winding path that led down into the canyon. That part scared the shit out of first timers, so the landlord had to assure them that those horses had been down that steep path a thousand times, and "We ain't lost a horse or rider yet. Just hold on and let the horse go at his own pace." The jeeps had to take the long way down, but they beat us to the cabins and had our stuff waiting there for us.
"Are you going to change now?" Alan asked me, disappointed in the conservative attire I had to wear to pass my mom's scrutiny.
I laughed, "I would have changed in the car, but I knew I couldn't trust you not to peek."
"What makes you think I won't peek down here?" He chuckled, referring to the fact that the cabin's windows were just holes, no glass, no shades. They did have old rickety shutters, but they were a pain in the ass to open and close. It was supposed to add to the "rustic" nature of the place, as was the horse trough and old hand crank well, outdoor showers, and outhouses. They did have electricity though.
"I don't know. Are you that desperate to see me naked?"
"Nah, go ahead and change, I can wait a little longer to see you naked, but not too long."
I was laughing as I carried my things inside. I did however, keep my back to the window while I removed my shirt and bra and donned the revealing halter top I knew he loved.
When I came out of the cabin, I was greeted with several hoots and whistles from the boys, and gasps from the other girls. Alan had a beer open for me. When he handed it to me, he gave me a tender kiss on the lips, and intentionally ran his cold beer can over my boob.
The others mounted up and headed off through the trees to explore the deep end of the canyon. Alan held me back. "What?" I asked him.
"I want a better kiss than that."
"Just keep your beer can away from my tits this time."
He sat his beer can down and moved toward me. I held my arms out from my sides as if surrendering to him. A few seconds into our kiss, he pulled back and whispered, "May I?"
I didn't have to ask what he wanted. "Yes." I purred in his ear. A second later, he was kissing me again, but this time, he had one hand inside my halter. After about a minute, I pushed him away and giggled, "Don't expect me to let you do that every time you kiss me."
"Okay" He chuckled as he helped me mount up, "Every other time will tide me over."
I just kicked my horse in the flanks and left him standing there. "Catch me if you can."
* * *
"Watch out, it's probably pretty shaken up." Alan told me when handing me a fresh beer from his saddle bag when we stopped to let the horses drink from a small stream.
"And warm." I said, pointing it toward him when I popped the tab. Only a little of the spray reached him.
Alan climbed down from his saddle, pulled off his t-shirt and submerged it in the small stream. And then he rang it out over his head before wiping his face and underarms with it. "Need to cool off?" He asked me, offering me his t-shirt.
"Ewwww, not before you wash it out."
After he soaked it and rang it out twice, I climbed down and took it from him, washing my face and then ringing it out over my neck and chest. Okay, I did that intentionally just to tease him. I knew my wet halter would drive him nuts.
"I'm trying to decide if I should rape you now, or wait until later." He said in a matter-of-fact tone.
I bent down and soaked his shirt again, this time making sure to totally soak my halter. "I hope you wait until later. My fake screams of ecstasy might spook the horses, and then we'd have to hike back to the cabin."
"You think you're going to have to fake it, huh?"
I giggled, "I don't know. You tell me. Are you any good?"
He narrowed his brows and scrunched up his lips while he rubbed his chin, "I don't know for sure, but I don't think you're going to have to fake it."
I mounted up again, "Well, if the way you go all gaga at the sight of a wet halter is any indication, you'll probably shoot off in your pants before you even get me naked."
He scratched his chin again as he pondered my words, "You may be right. I should probably beat off first, just in case."
"Do whatever you have to do." I told him. And then I let out a loud laugh as I kicked my horse to a full gallop.
When Alan pulled up beside me a quarter of a mile later, I told him, "No, you shouldn't beat off. You should let me do that for you."
"Do you see that cliff?" He surprised me by changing the subject.
"Sure, why?"
"I'll bet these horses have never been taken up there."
I looked at the rocky cliff. I didn't think it was possible for a horse to make it up there. It was at least two hundred feet high, and almost straight up. "No way! Are you fucking crazy?"
"I'll bet you a blowjob I can do it." He dared me.
"And if you don't make it? What's my reward?"
"You get to attend my funeral."
I knew that Alan was an accomplished rider. I'd seen him ride bulls and bareback broncs in Junior rodeos when we were in Jr. High and High School. I could ride fairly well myself, but there was no way I would attempt going up that cliff. "Okay, go for it" I dared him, "But try not to kill your horse."
"One other thing." He said before starting up, "I get to pick the time and place."
"Like Main Street at high noon?" I asked him.
"If that's what I want. Do you want to back out?"
"It doesn't matter. You're never going to make it to the top."
"Skeeter." He called over his shoulder, "His name is Skeeter." And he kicked his horse and started up the steep rocky cliff.
* * *
My heart jumped up into my throat several times during Alan's journey. He would make it ten feet up and then slide five feet down, but fifteen minutes later, he was waving at me from the top. I couldn't believe he'd actually made it.
It was even worse on his way down. His horse would take one step and slide on the loose rocks for fifteen or twenty feet. But finally, he made it onto solid ground. Alan immediately led Skeeter over to the stream. He let him drink and used his shirt to dip in the water and cool him off. I loved the way he cared for that horse. It wasn't like it was his horse, but he treated it like he'd raised it from a colt.
How could you not love a man like that?
I removed my halter, soaked it in the water, and helped him cool down his horse. "Put your eyes back in their sockets." I scolded Alan. "I don't have anything else to use."
And so, for the next several minutes, we worked to cool Skeeter down. And then I rinsed out my halter one last time and tied it back into place.
"Awww shit. You should leave it off." He complained.
"We're not the only ones out here. Do you really want your girlfriend earning the reputation of being a slut?"
"You're my girlfriend?" He questioned me.
"Well, I'm going to be giving you a blowjob, and we're going to fuck at some point, so I'd better be your girlfriend."
"Good point." He said with a wink.
* * *
The shower arrangement was too funny. The boys went to the other side of a cabin, promising not to peek while we girls huddled under the very cold water. It went without incident, except when Debbie grabbed the busty Karen's boobs and exclaimed, "Damn, these are even bigger than they were last year. Are they never going to stop growing?" Karen just pulled her hands away and scowled at her. Brenda and I just laughed.
Dried off and dressed once again, we traded places with the boys so they could shower. Karen and I didn't peek, but Brenda and Debbie did several times. Brenda giggled, "There's a whole lot of shrinkage going on."
When the showers were all done, the boys started a fire in the pit and we cooked hot dogs. Afterward, we just sat around and talked, mostly about the canyon.
Alan was sitting on the ground and leaning back on a log, and I was sitting across his thighs with my arm around his neck. Around the group, there was some kissing and making out, but aside from a grope of a tit now and then, there wasn't anything overtly sexual. Alan did his share of that too. At one point, Brenda saw him slide his hand inside my halter. I just showed her a smile and went back to kissing him. I think it's safe to say that my reputation as a 'goodie two shoes' had flown out the window.
* * *
"I'll take that blowjob now." Alan told me during the ninety mile drive home.
I laughed out loud, "Can I trust your driving?"
"Yes Ma'am. There's a towel in the back for the mess."
"If I do it right, there shouldn't be a mess." I said, and then giggled when I saw the grin on his face. "But I don't want it just poking out of your jeans." I said as I unsnapped them and pulled down the zipper. He lifted his hips and helped me tug his jeans half way down his thighs.
"Ummmm, nice cock." I purred as I wrapped my hand around his already hard cock. Of course, it wasn't even close to being as big as my brother's, but it was a good deal longer and thicker than either of the two dorks I'd let fuck me at college.
"Why, thank you, Ma'am."
When I lowered my mouth over the head of his cock and began swirling my tongue around it, he slid his right hand inside my halter. I responded by sitting up and taking it off. And then I went right back to licking and sucking his beautiful cock.
Alan released my tit long enough to turn up the radio, and he started singing along with the music. I'm sure I would have laughed if I hadn't had my mouth full of his cock.
That was my first blowjob and I was really enjoying myself, so I made sure not to make him cum too quickly. In fact, I made it last most of the way home. We were only about ten miles from our town when I decided I'd better finish it. So, I tightened my grip and began sucking harder and faster. It didn't take long. He warned me, so I mentally prepared myself to take his cum in my mouth. There was a lot of it, but I managed to take it all. I kept gently sucking him and swirling my tongue around him until he was totally soft and I'd milked the last drop of cum from him.
"Wow! That was fucking incredible." He told me in a reverent tone as I was helping him pull up his jeans.
"No mess." I giggled. When I looked up, we were just coming into town, so I hurriedly put on my bra and t-shirt. "Gotta get decent for Mom."
* * *
"How was the canyon?" My brother asked me when I came through the door.
"It was fun. Where's Mom and Dad?"
"Amarillo, they left about thirty minutes ago." His words stopped me in my tracks. He noticed, so he asked me, "What's wrong?"
I managed to compose myself, and then I found the whole thing funny. "Nothing, it's just that I was giving Alan a blowjob on the drive back. We must have passed Mom and Dad while I was doing it."
My brother laughed out loud, "Good thing you were out of sight."
* * *
I lay back in a tub of hot water and closed my eyes. The water felt really good. As I reflected on all the things that had happened so far this summer, a pang of guilt washed over me. I'd just given Alan a blowjob—not to mention how I'd flaunted my boobs in that revealing halter and let Alan grope them in front of the group.
And then, that mood passed as quickly as it had come. I was having fun with my newly found sexuality . . . a lot of fun. And I was having fun with Alan. He wasn't a wimp or a nerd. He had a quick wit, and most of all, he hadn't once gotten all serious on me.
* * *
Alan wanted to drive out to Walnut Grove one day after work. He was disappointed when I told him he'd have to wait a few days, "Unless you'll settle for just another blowjob."
He chuckled, "Not that I'm one to turn down an offer like that, but I'd rather wait. Just let me know when you're good to go."
"I should be okay by Thursday."
"Thursday it is then. I'll pick you up at four-thirty."
When he rang my doorbell at exactly four-thirty, I told my mother we were going hiking at the river. That way, she wouldn't question me for taking a backpack. Of course, we weren't going to hike. There was just enough of a path off the county road to get down to the grove, if you knew where to look for it. I did.
During the drive, I took off my shirt and bra and donned a skimpy bikini top. "Is that better?" I asked Alan.
"It was better before you put on your bikini." He said with a chuckle.
I immediately removed my bikini top, "If you want me topless, then topless it will be. Just keep your eyes on the road." And then I snuggled next to him and pulled his arm over my shoulder.
His hand found my right tit, "Perfect!" He said with a laugh.
We stretched out a blanket in the shade, then immediately stripped down and got in the shallow pool. "Have you beat off today?"
"Uh, no, why?"
"Then you need to cum once before you fuck me. I don't want a 'wham bam'."
"I don't think that's necessary, but okay."
So I rolled over to him and began stroking him to hardness. "I love your dick." I said as I lowered my mouth onto him.
"He loves you too." He said with a chuckle, and then he moaned when I pushed down and his cock entered my throat. "Wow! You didn't do that the other day."
I giggled, "You were driving and I didn't want you to wreck us. Besides, that was my first time doing it."
His eyes shot open, "No shit?"
I looked at up at him, showed him a huge grin, "Yep", and then I went right back to sucking his beautiful cock.
When I started fucking his cock with my mouth, pushing it down my throat with each down motion, he grabbed the back of my head to hold me down on him. "Holy shit!" He exclaimed and then began shooting his load down my throat. I withdrew so that I could take the last half of his cum in my mouth.
When I was sure he was finished, I withdrew and looked up at him. I opened my mouth so that he could see his cum before I swallowed it.
"That is too fucking hot!" He exclaimed.
"So, how long before you'll kiss me." I challenged him.
"C'mere." He said, pulling me up to him. He immediately kissed me, sliding his tongue into my mouth.
When we broke that kiss, I leaned back to look at him, "You passed that test with flying colors. Now we just have to determine how good you can eat pussy."
He laughed out loud, "Now that's the kind of test I really love. Go get on the blanket, unless you want me to drown."
Alan was very good with his tongue. After he made me cum twice, I had him lay on his back and got into a sixty-nine position. I wanted to make sure his cock was fully ready before we fucked.
The next time I came, I flooded his mouth, but to his credit, he just clamped his mouth over my pussy and sucked it out. "Wow!" He said when he removed his mouth from my pussy, "That was a lot of cum."
"Did you like it?"
"Hell yeah. I love it."
"Sweet!" I said as I spun around and immediately lowered myself onto his cock. I was able to slide right down his length until we were fully joined. I was able to lean back on my hands and just rotate my hips. Alan loved that.
After a couple of minutes, I sat up and then leaned forward. Alan took my nipples in his fingers, so every time I rocked back, it stretched them to almost the painful point. I found I really liked that. "Pinch them harder." I urged in a raspy voice. When he did, I rocked way back and flooded his cock with cum.
"How many times is that?" He asked me in a reverent tone.
I giggled, "I'm not counting." And then, without warning him, I rolled off. "It's your turn. Get up here and fuck me like you mean business."
"Yes, Ma'am." He chuckled as he was crawling between my legs.
Holy shit! Alan fucked me hard and fast for at least twenty minutes before he asked me, "I'm close. Where do you want it?"
"All over me." I panted.
A few seconds later, he pulled out and stroked his cock until his cum splattered all over my tits and stomach. I immediately began rubbing it into my skin.
* * *
"I do like the way you fuck." I told Alan while were sitting in the stream sipping our beers.
He laughed out loud, "You're not so bad yourself."
"Not so bad?" I teased him.
"Well, if you're going to fish for compliments, you're fucking incredible. Is that good enough?"
"Much better." I said with a giggle.
"You also give awesome blowjobs. Not that I've had that many, but no one has taken it all before."
"I practiced on a cucumber." I lied.
"Sweet, but you can practice on me from now on."
"Oh, are you going to be enrolling at Tech next semester?"
"Why, are you going to be finding someone there to practice on—a new boyfriend?"
"No, you're my boyfriend, but you don't expect me to go a whole semester without sex, do you?"
Alan seemed to be mulling that over for a few seconds before responding, "As long as it's just sex and you don't get pregnant, I guess I can live with that. Just don't go finding someone you like better."
"So, who are you going to be fucking when I'm off at college?"
"Brenda." He said flatly.
"Brenda? She's going with Jake, isn't she?"
"Yeah, so?" He showed me a grin. "But don't worry, she can't suck a dick like you do."
I moved over and gave him a warm kiss on the lips, "You know, we could meet in the middle sometimes, just so I don't forget how much I enjoy fucking you."
"Yep, we can definitely do that." He agreed.
"But we're both here now. You're not done, are you?" I asked as I drained the last of my beer.
"Not by a long shot." He said as he crushed his beer can and threw it up onto the sand.
"Oooooo, I love the sound of that."
* * *
I didn't know quite how I felt about Alan fucking Brenda, but in the end, I knew she couldn't compete with me. And I wasn't worried about her wearing him out, so in the end, I was okay with it. After all, I'd just told him I was going to fuck other guys at college, and he was okay with that. How could I get jealous of him and Brenda?
I was rocking back and forth on Alan's cock when he asked me, "So, that's the way it's going to be, huh?"
"What?" I asked him.
"It's just sex, plain and simple. You're going to fuck other guys, I'm going to fuck other girls, and we're going to fuck each other. We have to leave our feelings at home when we're together."
I was blown away. I stopped moving and sat up with his cock buried deep inside me. "God no! I hope not." I told him. "I want to love you. I want us to be boyfriend and girlfriend. I just don't want us to be jealous of each other for pursuing physical fun when we can't be together."
He chuckled, "This is going to take some getting used to."
"We just have to be honest. If you fuck Brenda or whoever, just say so. I'll be just as honest with you. But I hope that doesn't affect how we feel about each other."
He chuckled again, "Like I said, this is gonna take some getting used to. Now, stop stalling and fuck me."
"Yes, Sir!"
* * *
The end
Please don't forget to vote and leave a comment.