I Love You, Dumbass; Take Off Your Pants:
Prologue
She surged her hips forward harder, then back again, and faster once more, forward, awash, as she was, in sensation. In the back of her throat she could still find the faint alkaline after-taste of the cranberry punch. Between claps, she could hear the uneven breathing of the room surrounding her and the gentle friction noises from cloth on flesh and from flesh on flesh. At each intake of stale air, she smelled sweat -- hers and theirs comingled: the strange and the familiar. She felt...everything. And she saw nothing there in the dark. Then the lights came on again, and to her great, great surprise, she surged her hips forward harder still, and then back again.
Chapter 1 -- Be Adventurous
"Why are we going to this?" he whined, as he came into the bedroom.
"We need to get out more - socialize."
"You're not selling me," he replied, flopping backward into the softness of the duvet while rubbing the sides of his forehead.
Nicole stood at the large vanity mirror, brushing hard against the wet resistance of her glistening strawberry blonde hair, and wondering if she had time to let it dry on its own or if she needed to blow-dry. She knew that his argument was moot. Caleb was already in his black khakis and untucked navy blue dress shirt, a definitive sign that she had already won this battle.
She was quite sure in fact that he wasn't arguing with her at all, just making up an excuse to be around while she dressed. He thought, as he often did, that he was being subtle in finding excuses to always be in the room whenever she first got out of the shower. He was, as he often was, quite wrong about that. She knew exactly what he was doing, and exactly what he wanted.
Years ago now, Nicole had committed to never calling Caleb on this and instead she sort of just lingered in the implied flattery, or even, on occasion, seeking to prod him just a bit with the command that she knew her body held over him. More elegantly than was necessary, she unwrapped the towel from around her breasts and glanced at the reflection of Caleb in the mirror to see that his eyes were on her, even during his child-like fit of complaint.
"OK, then, because Lucy invited me, and I like her and want to be nice to her," she said while sliding on a pair of black cotton panties and pulling them into place far more slowly than could have accomplished anything beyond further seizing Caleb's attention.
Caleb's eyes ran up Nicole's soft, supple body, the kind that models weren't allowed to have anymore but that everyone felt a stirring of the emotions to behold, a longing to caress. Where there might have been rigid muscle and the protrusion of bone against skin, Nicole was instead a symphony of graceful curves. In stillness, she was beautiful. When she moved, however, to see her was to know a mindless sort of desire. To his credit, Caleb recovered from the obvious pause he took fairly quickly, and acted as if nothing had happened, stating with a dry mouth: "Remind me who Lucy is again?"
"She does my nails."
As she tucked her large breasts into her matching black bra with a white lace trim at the top, and clasped it tight behind her, Nicole's effect on Caleb settled somewhat and he regained a more passable sense of composure.
"Have I met her?"
"Like five times."
"Ugh." His eyes rolled back to stare at the ceiling in dismay. Caleb was long and lean, and had a cyclist's build with the metabolism to support it. He was tall, at 6 '2, but not large, built for speed and endurance, rather than strength. His hair was dark brown, shaved close to his head, and his chin was almost blockishly square. He had a large wide mouth, and deep dimples emerged on his cheeks whenever he smiled.
"Quit your whining. Nicole said there will be good food and chess. That's two out of your favorite three things."
"What's the third?"
Nicole turned to face him and leaned her face in close with a wry smile. "Me," she said, her large blue eyes glinting in the light of the room, as if on cue, "and I'll be there too." Still performing, she stepped gracefully into her maroon, satin dress and dragged it slowly upward across the peaks and valleys of her silhouette. It was a knee length cocktail dress, cinched at the wait so as to maximize the shapeliness of her form. All told, it gave off an air of delicacy -- like a fragile curtain too easily blown by the wind to expose the vista beyond it.
Caleb's mind drifted in that space for a moment, before settling back to reality again. "I have so much work to do." Somehow his tone had grown poutier as she put on the dress. He always seemed less compliant the second that her clothes were all on. She was still, however, quite sure that he was bluffing.
"Just come to this thing," she said, tightening the spaghetti straps that held her dress aloft to their perfect measure. "I'll make it worth your while."
Magically -- the kind of stupid, simple magic that constitutes the male libido -- his tone changed again, as he sat up to face her. "What does that mean?"
"What do you want it to mean?"
A new possibility had entered Caleb's mind, and a new awareness of how beautiful his wife looked in her dress. Where at first he had only seen it as an obstacle to the familiar curves that he obsessed over, he saw it now as a sort of accentuation, and a reminder of how beautiful she was as an aesthetic beyond simply her body. The vision of her in this light felt profound to Caleb, and he immediately felt a deep sense of shame when his mouth opened, seemingly outside of his own volition, and stated something that was so, so far from profound.
"Take off your panties."
Nicole raised an eyebrow and her wry smile fell into a frustrated frown. "We don't have time for that."
Caleb was undeterred, rolling with the instincts of his voice and spurring the idea onward without retreating because his own earlier ineloquence. "That's not what I meant. Leave them here."
Nicole explored the possibility in her mind, not landing on one side or the other of it. "All night?"
Caleb sat up straight, his posture transitioning seamlessly from petulant child to confident, worldly man's man, as best he could muster. "Well, you're not going to come back and get them, right?" He practically winked at her, but had just enough sense to tone it down before reaching that point.
"Seriously?"
For a moment, the faux confidence that Caleb put on vanished behind something sincere and compelling. He looked up into her large, beautiful eyes and suggested "be adventurous."
Nicole met his gaze, trying to make sense of it in terms of both its implication and its promise. She loved him dearly, and she held in her hand something that could make him happy at that lizard brain level. In some ways, it was an easy concession. She wasn't stupid, however, and made sure she'd get back something else in return.
"And you'll come? And you won't complain?"
"Absolutely," he said, far too urgently. "Take them off."
"Come over here and take them off yourself."
Chapter 2 -- This Ditch Looks Romantic
In the depths of the winter season as they were, the sun was already set by the time they left the house. The potential for feeling despondent at the early darkness was balanced somewhat by the bed of white snow all along the ground and amidst the trees. It caught the light of the moon overhead, and of the street lamps that lined the road, and of the headlights of Caleb's truck as they drove along the road - the night was imbued, as a result, with an ambient glow.
"Is she taking us the right way? I didn't think there were any houses back here." Nicole sat rigidly in the passenger seat, all too aware of her missing underpants. She wanted, however, to appear free-spirited and unphased, so she said nothing on the subject whatsoever. Had the cabin of the vehicle not been so dark, and had her husband not been so dense on the matter, her posture would have completely given her away, however.
"I trust the robot," Caleb replied, referring to his phone's GPS and the steady stream of instructions guiding them through the small town of Ayr, then out past farmland, and forest, onto unfamiliar roads.
'How long 'til we get there?" she asked, unsure whether she was anxious to get out of the cold air of the truck, which may have been contributing to her awareness of the absence, or whether she was anxious about going to a party without being properly dressed.
Caleb peaked at the screen to his left. "8 minutes."
Nicole was a little surprised with herself for giving in to her husband's request. It was an out of character move for her, but she liked the idea of being sexy, of feeling sexy. She allowed herself to feel that through the anxiety.
Even so, her mind sought solace from anxiety in the familiar. Nicole was 19 when she first became physical with Caleb. They had met at a summer internship with a museum -- he got the job she had wanted, despite her stronger qualifications. She had resented him at first for that, but found herself spending more and more time around him, nursing the hatred through proximity, until, by the end of the summer, it was the proximity alone that she craved -- the hatred had vanished.
By October of that year, they had started dating. They took it slow -- both of them young and inexperienced. The December that followed was the coldest in a decade, but their hormones ran at an altogether different temperature. Living, as they did, in the homes of their respective parents, they were only able to indulge the yearning of their bodies in parked cars on the sides of lonely country roads, the kind of roads they were driving on now, years later.
The first time he truly touched her was on one such night and one such road. The temperature had fallen to thirty below. It was her car. She had parked along a seldom travelled gravel road not far from city limits and slid over to his lap in the passenger side of her old grey sedan. They had kissed as they always had but she wanted more, and he was all too eager to provide. When he'd reached for the button of her jeans, she permitted, and pivoted her body around to face the windshield, and the darkness beyond. She wanted to be clear with him, so she'd pulled down her pants and underwear herself.
She was remembering hard now, and the memories were making her feel the same sort of bodily rush she had that night when he slid his fingers down to receive her warmth, her wetness. She rubbed her knees together in the truck just thinking about it.
Back then it was a sedan, and he had pulled her shirt up over her breasts with his other hand, cupping and caressing until the barrier of her bra also felt grating, and she reached back to unclasp herself, elegantly sliding the bra through the arms of her sweater. The cold night air had felt shocking to her then, and she remembered it so vividly that she rushed her hand over her right breast in remembrance.
Caleb saw nothing in the dark.
She spread her legs apart, then closed them again, trying to keep control, but she only opened them up once more to feel the rush of cold air between her thigs. In her head she'd already decided. It was only the phrasing that she was still workshopping in her mind:
"Pull over and fuck me like when we were teenagers" she decided was way too aggressive.
"I want you inside of me" was classic, but maybe a little cliché.
"This ditch looks romantic" was objectively stupid.
Her hand was between her legs now. When had that happened? She remembered again the sedan at 19, the way the condensation on the windows had frozen solid on the inside and had to be scraped when she and Caleb were done, flakes of frozen lust falling like snow over their sweaty, naked bodies.
She told herself not to touch, but her fingers got away from her in the passenger side of the truck, eager, if nothing else, to confirm that she was still in want of underwear, that she had really done that. She told herself it was confirmation, but even when she had that, she found that her fingertips were still gliding around, almost absentmindedly, refusing to leave.
She was resolved now. Fuck this party. It was time, and even if the words escaped her, she would know her husband's touch within the minute or she would...
"You have arrived at your destination," the GPS declared.
"Shit," she thought. "Shit, shit, shit."
Chapter 3 -- So What Are You Then?
"Are you sure you put the right address into the GPS?" he asked.
"Yup 163 Malkin. That's what Lucy texted me."
"Yeah, your nail person does not live here, my friend," he replied while staring through the windshield at the massive three story red brick manor house whose front entryway, and double 8ft tall mahogany doors with wrought iron handles, was currently locked in the headlights of his humble 2010 Ford Ranger pickup truck.
"No," she protested, wondering if women could get some equivalent to blue balls. "This is it. Why do you think all the cars are here?"
"Text Lucy for the address again. There's no way."
"This is it, dude."
Caleb closed his mouth and turned away from the spectacle in his windshield to face her. He paused for a moment, hovering in that gaze. "Would you bet your panties on it?" He asked squinting his eyes at her in mock-seriousness.
She did not laugh.
"Hmmm," he at last broke the silence. "Seriously though, there's no way your friend lives here."
"This is it," Nicole asserted.
"Come on. Don't be stupid," Caleb replied.
"Park the car, asshole," Nicole stated bluntly.
Entering a party was always the worst part of going to one, and the panties comment had only served to remind her of one more thing that she might feel self-conscious about. She decided to put it out of her mind, reminding herself, as if such a reminder were needed, that boys were clueless. They had not made into the actual party yet and she already regretted being so accommodating to him with her choice of undergarments, or lack thereof.
The cold winter air rushed up her skirt as she opened the door of the truck and stepped outside. The chill air matched her mood and, without waiting for Caleb to properly park, she walked up the large red cobblestone pathway to the front door. Caleb, at last reading her correctly, rushed up behind her and was barely at her side by the time she grabbed hold of a large iron door knocker that she hit back against the wood, harder and louder than she had intended.
"Sorry," he said. "I get a little carried away when I'm nervous."
"I'm nervous too," she replied. "Don't be a dick."
"Deal."
Light split open the doors and streamed out into the dark night behind them like steam escaping an oven as a tall, red-haired woman in a short black cocktail dress pushed the doorway ajar. Nicole smiled and embraced her friend while Caleb took the opportunity to remind himself who Lucy was by looking over the warm, freckled face now resting atop his wife's shoulder. Vague recollections came back to him and he waved and said hello without leaning in for a hug himself.
"I'm so glad you could make it!" Lucy beamed, "I didn't think you'd come." She made eye contact with both of them while gracefully stepping back with her left foot and gesturing them inward with her extended right hand with the practiced grace of a game show hostess. Then with obligatory interest she passed a cursory scan over Nicole and Caleb's attire. "I love your dress," she exclaimed. "You always look amazing in red."
Nicole thanked her shyly -- even in circumstances of polite banter, Nicole was not comfortable receiving comments about her appearance. She didn't even like being looked at, apart from by Caleb, and even then not all the time. Caleb could never decide whether this paradox was the tragedy of her existence -- to be so beautiful yet unaware, or if it was some kind of grace that had spared Nicole's personality from being subjected to the kind of callousness and self-indulgence that comes with a lifetime of accepted flattery.
"Your house is unbelievable" Caleb stated.
"Well," Lucy replied with a laugh "I wish. This isn't my house. It's a rental."
"You rented a house?" Nicole injected. "Who does it belong to?"
"I'm not actually sure," Lucy replied. "The property is managed by a holding company out of London. It's mostly a corporate conference centre. They do all kinds of synergy exercises and presentations and business-y stuff. Every so often, they have gaps in their schedule, though, so our group rents it out for a night at a pretty good rate."
Every sight and every step they took deeper into the house confirmed Lucy's story even as she spoke. The house was enormous, and decorated in a style of generic excess. Everything looked new and just a little bit extra. They walked under vaulted ceilings 16ft high, and past 10 foot long leather sectional sofas, and past a downright gaudy marble staircase that had to have cost more than the average house in itself. Everything in the mansion seemed to be screaming with the intent to impress. As much as they were inclined to reject the insincerity of the house's style, however, they were impressed nonetheless.
Nicole was still adrift in awe at the building when her train of thought caught back up to Lucy's earlier words. "Your chess group rents out a corporate retreat?" she asked as Lucy continued to lead them through the labyrinth of hallways.
Lucy went silent for several steps, her hostess routine somehow derailed. The uncharacteristic pause lasted long enough for Nicole to pass a glance to Caleb that said "Are we about to be murdered?" Lucy's eventual response didn't help alleviate that concern. "We're not a chess group," she said as she stopped in front of a large glass door.
"You said we should come play chess with your group, though" Nicole replied.
"Oh yes, this is our chess event," Lucy shot back with a concerned look on her face. "But you read the email attachment, right?"
Nicole recalled the email well, but could not remember an attachment. Before she could reveal her ignorance, however, Caleb asked "so what are you, then?"
Lucy smiled and opened the door to reveal a small auditorium with a large stage at the front, backed by an enormous projector screen, and surrounded by approximately 100 seats, roughly seventy of them empty. The other thirty were filled with a bevy of couples - some complete strangers to Nicole and Nicole, some known to them as friends or neighbours or just vaguely familiar faces.
The crowd turned to face the door as it opened, staring directly at Caleb and Nicole, all smiles, all welcoming, just as Lucy stated "well, we're swingers."
Chapter 4 -- Always Read the Email Attachment
As if they were executing some sort of blood transfusion, Lucy's face turned white just as Nicole's flushed red. Caleb wasn't reacting at all -- he was only slowly putting together the complex social consequences of what was transpiring and he tended to sort of freeze up whenever he was in over his head.
Lucy and Nicole, meanwhile, hovered on the precipice of conflicting desires as each of them realized the extent of the faux pas that had carried them to this misunderstanding. With the entire group watching them, Lucy leaned toward walking everyone into the room, but then hesitated back to ushering her friend out of the building immediately in order to avoid making the error more outrageous and traumatizing. For Nicole the choice was flight or be polite, and decades worth of good upbringing couldn't tell her which was the right thing to do: to smile and say hello to a group of swingers, or to run from them, because they were a group of swingers. She didn't want to be narrow-minded, but she was deeply, deeply uncomfortable.
"Uh," she said.
"Same" Caleb chimed in from behind her.
Lucy forced a smile and ushered them into the auditorium. Instinctively, Nicole followed, but her eyes had grown wide and her movements were timid. Each step she took with her tiny feet covered merely half the distance that they normally would have and she clung to Caleb's arm for support, desperately trying to figure out what to do. The group, a mere 30 feet down the aisle near the front of the stage, continued to stare at them expectantly.
Lucy tried to mediate the situation as best she could, smiling and shouting down "we'll be right there -- just going to get them some punch." With that, the group mercifully, finally, took their eyes off of the couple and Lucy escorted them to the other side of the room to a table that featured a giant crystal punch bowl filled to the top and with an assortment of crystal glasses around it and a large crystal ladle stemming out of the bowl.
"Oh my God, I am so sorry," Lucy began. "I assumed you knew what this was. It's all in the email attachment."
"You should always read the email attachment," Caleb chastised before Nicole's icy death glare sent him retreating two steps backward.
Nicole reached into her coat pocket and withdrew her phone to pull up the email from Lucy which simply stated -- "Come hang out and play some chess with my friends. Caleb will love it." To her regret, she then noted what she had failed to note before: an attached PDF with a title "APS Introduction Event."
"I should have figured it out," Lucy explained "when you texted me for the time and location. That's all in the PDF. I assumed you had just deleted it already or something."
Nicole's face continued to flush bright red as she read the PDF:
"The Ayr Polyamorous Society invites prospective couples to come out for an information session and games night to be held at..."
"Yup," Nicole said to herself. "That makes sense."
"We're not swingers" Caleb offered as a way to clear the air. "I don't even like hugging other people."
Nicole held her hand to her mouth and fought back the urge to cry.
Lucy rubbed Nicole's shoulders and paused for far too long while trying to decide the best course of action. "Look," said Lucy. "Tonight is just an information session and games night -- strictly PG-13. You can leave if you want, but I really think you should stay and just hear what we have to offer. At the end of the night, you walk out of here with a new appreciation for some of your neighbours, including me, or, worst case scenario, you leave with a kind of hilarious story that you can tell your grandkids one day."
Nicole still wanted to cry. "OK" she said without making eye contact and in a high-pitched voice.
Caleb was already ladling out two glasses of punch. He drank the first down completely before he even passed the second to Nicole. "What's in it?" she asked.
"Cranberry juice and Vodka," I'd guess. He replied.
"Sounds right," Lucy interjected. Cheryl makes it.
"You hate cranberry juice" Nicole responded whilst sniffing at her own glass.
"I do, but I hate attending swinger parties sober more, so..."
Lucy tried not to laugh.
Nicole nodded and poured her beverage down her throat before they each poured another glass to take with them as Lucy lead them at last toward the group.
The introductions breezed past their respective mind-sets like a montage. Their bodies were smiling and shaking hands, but their brains were barely processing any of it. Mostly, they were both just thinking "Oh fuck, oh fuck, oh fuck, oh fuck."
Some names and some faces pierced through the veil of panic, however. Jonathon Prowster, a dentist, and his wife/assistant Jean. He was in his late 40s and she her late 20s. They had been the subject of much gossip in the town when Jonathon's first marriage had dissolved. It was therefore unsurprising, in some ways, to find them here. Caleb and Nicole had both sat in their dentist's chair on many occasions. Nicole became fixated on the memories of all the times Dr. Prowster had his hands in her mouth over the years.
Next were the pub owner Cheryl, and her husband Kyle; then Lucy's husband Gary who Nicole had met once when he brought Lucy and Nicole some Starbucks during a nail session; then Jackson who worked at the Ford plant and his wife Camilla. Then strangers - so many strangers. Then two more couples for whom this was their first night, though they had, obviously opened the email attachment. They seemed slightly less mortified than Caleb and Nicole, but still nervous, still uncertain.
The last couple they said 'hello' to were also quite familiar to the pair, though not under the best of circumstances. Darryl Wharton was a local mechanic that Caleb had taken the truck to a few times. They were on friendly enough terms, but any possible adulation between the two of them was prevented by the simple fact that he was a mechanic and Caleb a client. Their relationship had never been built on anything resembling trust. His wife, Sienna Wharton, was even less-appreciated, at least by Nicole.
Sienna shared a book club with Nicole and was the subject of nearly every angry rant and complaint that Nicole would come home with afterward. "She's the worst," Nicole would tell Caleb. "She's completely superficial," Nicole would say. "She says the dumbest things in the world and clearly doesn't even read the books and is only in the group so she can feel smart or superior or something and she talks down to everybody, even the smart people who actually do their homework. What the fucking fuck!!" Nicole might be heard to scream.
Caleb and Darryl shook hands and said polite hellos. Sienna simply looked at Nicole and put on a tone of faux concern. "It's okay, honey," she soothed "this isn't for everybody. Sometimes it's best to stay at your own pace."
The worst part was that Sienna looked very satisfied with herself after she finished speaking, as if she were waiting for somebody to hand her the nobel peace prize she deserved for her condescending sexual Mother Theressa bit.
With the pleasantries(?) out of the way, the group dispersed to their seats to await the information session. Outside of Sienna, the swingers all seemed like really nice people, actually -- open and friendly and outgoing in a way that contradicted the broader public narrative of what type of people participate in this type of culture. Nicole felt a bit bad for judging them earlier and, were it not for the whole "having sex with people other than your partner" thing (which kind of defined them), she thought she might have enjoyed being a part of their group.
Caleb and Nicole sat just a little further away from the others, enough to give themselves some space from the group, but not so much as to look stand-offish.
"Should we just leave?" she asked.
"Probably," he replied. "Want some more punch?"
Chapter 5 -- Hell Yeah
True to their promise of being PG-13, the information session was remarkably unsexy. A grey-haired fifty year old man, identified only as Jeff, talked, under a bright spotlight, for thirty minutes about the APS's organization and infrastructure, about membership dues and events and even the different forms of community outreach that the group contributed to. His talk was accompanied by a slideshow of charts and graphs and vaguely suggestive stock photo images of expressionless models (who looked nothing like anyone in the room) making bedroom eyes. Caleb went back to the punch bowl twice during the presentation.
"Are we swingers now?" he asked between sips of Cranberry/Vodka in the darkened audience section of the auditorium.
"What?" Nicole whispered back, not wanting to interrupt Jeff.
"We're at a swingers meeting, right? Doesn't that make us Swingers?"
"You're not a swinger until you sleep with someone other than partner," she stated flatly.
"I don't want that," he replied sincerely.
"Wouldn't work for you anyway," she shot back.
"Why? I'd make a rad swinger."
She turned to look him in the eye to remove the slightest hint of ambiguity from her statement.
"If you cheated on me, you wouldn't be a swinger" she enunciated very carefully. "You'd be a dickless corpse that somebody finds in a ditch."
He turned away from her and sipped his drink some more. "You're terrifying."
"Uh huh," she replied.
Jeff's slideshow had come to its end. Neither Caleb nor Nicole retained a word or figure of it, but it had left them with some re-conceived notions about the nature of the swinger sub-culture. The house lights came back up and some people moved up onto the stage to make some modifications, even while Jeff spoke.
"So, that's us, but maybe you can't understand this group without a sense of the kind of raw fun that the lifestyle, and the ASP in particular, can bring."
A smattering of applause emerged at this point and one woman made a large "woot" noise that was loud enough to make Jeff smile and point appreciatively in her direction. "She gets it," he said.
Half-sincerely, Nicole grabbed Caleb's knee and squeezed, as if in alarm. Jeff continued.
"People think that our lifestyle is primal and unsophisticated, but that notion runs contrary to a fundamental truth of the human mind: the irrefutable fact that the mind (intellect, creative faculty and imagination) is the greatest sexual organ we have."
More applause, and one "hell yeah" from Sienna. Nicole dug her nails into the knee.
"OW. Cut it out," he whined.
The impromptu stage directors had now brought out a table, two chairs, an ornate wooden chess board and a chess clock. All were positioned in the centre of the stage, right where the spotlight had shone. A camera was set up next to the table, and, instantly, the image it was pointing at (the chess board and pieces) came up on the giant projector at the back of the stage, like this was the jumbotron to the superbowl of chess or something.
Jeff pointed his outstretched hand at the board. "So let's play a cerebral game with a sexy ASP twist." More applause.
Caleb leaned in to whisper to Nicole "I think that means the Bishops get to fuck the pawns if they capture them." Nicole laughed hard enough to unclench her grip on his knee. Then she looked over his face a bit more intently.
"Are you drunk?" she asked, noting how red he had turned and the unique way that his entire head seemed to wobble, ever so slightly, on his neck.
"I doubt it," he replied.
"No more punch, OK?"
"You're not the boss of me," he replied. "OK, yeah you are. No more punch."
Jeff moved to the front of the stage and made contact with each of the three new couples. "Now, those of you who are new tonight, we want to start things out simple. You can rest assured that this will be an underwear ON event -- no sex, and nobody other than your partner will touch you, and that's only if you want to play. We'd love to have you up here to experience things first-hand, but you're more than welcome to sit things out tonight and just watch how we do what we do. Either way, I think you'll enjoy yourself."
Caleb raised his empty glass in a gesture of "cheers" toward Jeff.
"I can't wait to see that pawn get fucked," he whispered to Nicole.
The game was simple: speed chess. Each player was on the clock and given only twenty seconds to make their move or forfeit their turn. It was couple vs couple, with one member sitting in the chair at the table while the other stood behind them, advising their next move or, sometimes, simply standing and watching like an underdressed mascot. Nicole was having a hard time seeing what the sexy PG-13 twist was.
And then checkmate was called.
Chapter 6 -- Is this OK?
The losing player, a security guard named Robert, nodded his head in acceptance and looked back at his wife to say 'sorry.' The winning couple high-fived each other and went back to sit in their original seats in the auditorium. Robert pulled back his chair from the table and turned it to face the crowd. Jeff came on stage and shifted the camera to frame Robert, from a side angle, sitting on the chair, displayed in full on the projector.
"You know what that means," he announced to cheers and hollers from the crowd.
"I do not know what that means," Caleb whispered to Nicole.
"Me neither, and I'm kind of freaking out," Nicole replied.
Abruptly, as if someone had cut the power to the building, the lights in the auditorium went out.
"Uh oh," Caleb said, but he turned to look at the entrance to the auditorium and could clearly make out light coming in from the hallway. The outage lasted a mere thirty seconds. When the lights came back on, Robert was still sitting on the chair on stage. His wife, Lindsay, who had moments ago been fully clothed beside him, was now standing before him in a matched set of lime green underwear, a shimmering satin bra and a thong, the whole thing projected onto the giant screen behind them, which created the illusion of, essentially, a 20 foot tall half-naked woman.
The sight sent the crowd into a frenzied applause.
"Dance!" someone shouted.
They began a slow, rhythmic clapping to establish something of a beat. Lindsay smiled down at her husband who met her gaze, grinning back. She began swaying her hips, to the approximate beat of the clapping. There were more "woots" from the crowd as she approached her husband to straddle him across his lap as he sat still in the chair. The swaying continued as she brushed up against him, half-laughing at what she was doing, trying to have fun with it, but also moving with the familiar "sexy" motions of a soccer-mom who had definitely taken a stripaerobics class at some point in her life.
There was an unmistakable charm to it, however. They were having fun with each other, not taking themselves too seriously, launching, as it were, at the taboos surrounding them with a practiced ease and a shared affection.
"Uh," Caleb whispered to Nicole. "Is this OK? Should I be looking away?"
She had no idea herself, but wanted to appear confident and unphased. "Don't be weird," Nicole replied as on-stage Lindsay pulled Robert's nose into her cleavage. "It's fine."
Then the lights went out again.
In the complete darkness of the auditorium, the surreal spectacle of the post-chess public lap-dance became a surreal sort of silence. The slow rhythmic clapping continued, but between each beat they could hear other noises: the shuffling of the chair on the stage, whispers from the crowd, Robert's unrestrained grunts of pleasure and cheers of "yeah, baby!"
A minute later, the lights came on again. Robert and Lindsay were roughly where they had been before. Robert's clothes were just a little bit more dishevelled and one of Lindsay's bra straps had fallen off of her shoulder. They stopped as the light hit them, and the crowd applauded enthusiastically as they stood up, Robert handing Lindsay her dress, and together they quietly shuffled off the stage just as Jeff was coming back up (he gave Robert a fist bump as they passed).
"This is the weirdest fucking chess game I have ever seen in my life," Caleb whispered.
"Right?" Nicole replied.
"I need another drink," he added as he stood up and shuffled toward the punch table at the back.
"Last one!" she called after him.
Chapter 7 -- Holy Fuck
"Who's next," Jeff called out, and so the night's entertainment unfolded. Round by round, two couples came up to play a game of chess, and the losing team performed an impromptu lap dance to the delight of the crowd. It was a strange form of recreation. Caleb found himself wondering if they ever held seminars on either chess or lap-dancing, or possibly both.
By about 2:30am, one of the other new couples volunteered -- more accurately, the husband volunteered them against his wife's obvious discomfort. They played, he lost, and when the lights went out for her to undress, the crowd heard a slight sobbing noise. The lights came on, and she remained, fully clothed, beet-red in the face and obviously freaking out. The entire group was enormously supportive in response -- Jeff in particular was kind and considerate to her, helping them off the stage and assuring them that this was all perfectly normal and that she had nothing to worry about. Bravely, the couple sat in their seats while the next round began, but they left with their coats on halfway through that round. Nicole's heart swelled for the poor girl who had obviously just had one of the most embarrassing experiences of her life.
After a couple more rounds, the spectacle became less surreal, less terrifying, and oddly normal. With the camera projecting the chess board onto the projector, Caleb started whispering predictions in Nicole's ear.
"They've got the queen in three moves."
And, sure enough, they did.
"Bishop is exposed."
"Checkmate in six."
He was right every time. At the age of twelve, Caleb had been the under-18 chess champion of Ontario. He completed his undergraduate degree on a chess scholarship, and, when he could wrangle Fridays off at the University, he would come into Nicole's school and help her run their chess program. Nicole, long before she knew what this party was really about, had neglected to mention to Lucy that her husband was a chess prodigy. It was a bit petty on Nicole's part, but she loved the idea of bringing in a ringer, especially to a new party with new people.
She turned to him and asked "so do they just keep doing this all night?"
"I think it's escalating," he responded.
"What do you mean?"
He pointed down the aisle to the other side of the auditorium. The house lights were out while Lucy and Gary played on stage against a couple named Mike and Steve. The auditorium seats were dark, but even in silhouette Nicole could see what Caleb was pointing to. Dental assistant Jean was snuggled into her husband's shoulder somewhat innocuously, but her wrist had disappeared under his belt and was slowly, intermittently sliding up and down the pitched tent of Jonathon's trousers.
"That is definitely not PG-13," Nicole whispered.
"Good luck getting that image out of your head the next time your dentist asks you to spit," Caleb shot back.
"Ewww" Nicole replied, but she was staring too long, hypnotized by the slow deliberate movements of Jean's hands, and by the almost pained arching of Jonathon's back. What began as a compelling revulsion, quickly became something inoffensive, something appealing. By the time she pulled her look away, she was unable to gauge how long she had been staring, but it was immediately clear to her that Caleb had noticed her doing so.
"I mean, good for them, I guess?" Caleb suggested, sliding his hand over to Nicole's bare knee.
"Are...are you kidding me?" she asked increduously.
"I just need to check something," he smirked, sliding his hand up her thigh enough to bunch the fabric of her dress against her stomach.
"What's that?" Nicole asked sarcastically, yet clearly not stopping him.
"Just this," he said as his fingertips reached the familiar pubic stubble that surrounded her labia. She breathed in deep, shocked by the extent of her own body's response to the sensation. She had not expected to be so easily aroused. She wondered what the punch had done to her, what this night had done to her.
On the stage in front of them, Lucy took Mike's Queen.
"I just wanted to make sure," Caleb continued, gliding the back of his topmost knuckle across Nicole's labia, "that you weren't cheating."
Nicole shuffled in her seat and replied "Isn't cheating kind of the point with these people?"
"I meant," he added, penetrating her labia with the tip of his index finger to graze the very top of her clitoris, "that you hadn't cheated on our deal."
She muffled the shriek that was threatening in her throat, composed herself slightly, and asked, playfully now, "how would I have done that?"
"Can't be sure," he replied as he plunged his middle finger down hard into the soft padding of the auditorium cushion to get the angle he needed. "Maybe you had some panties hidden in the car. Or maybe you found some out in the hallway and put them on without me noticing." He slipped his finger into her warm, wet vagina to the depth of his second knuckle. She did not have a reply, but turned to stare at him wide-eyed. He smiled, and she leaned back her head in the darkness of the auditorium and closed her eyes while he continued.
"Checkmate" was called and Lucy applauded herself before hugging Gary and walking off stage after playfully giving a shame-shame gesture at Steve with her fingers. The camera was shifted to Mike in the chair and, right on cue, the lights went out.
In the complete darkness of the auditorium, Caleb leaned in and kissed Nicole passionately, all while his fingertips danced inside of her. In that complete darkness, she allowed her body to jerk and spasm with the shifting motions, and kissed him back. He pulled down the front of her dress with his other hand and kissed her breast overtop the lace trim of her bra, before returning her dress to position, just as the lights came back on, and the crowd applauded to see Steve, a physically fit, 32 year old firefighter, in a pair tight white briefs. Steve played it up and held his arms out to the crowd, gesturing them to applaud louder, and so they did. He even started the rhythmic clapping himself, before turning to an absolutely delighted Mike to begin dancing.
Nicole turned back to Caleb to see if what she was watching would make him feel uncomfortable. Before she said a word, he simply smiled at her and pulled back his right hand from her vagina. She nodded her understanding, and he smiled back at her anew before sliding his right hand down behind her, between the back of her seat and her dress. There, he hiked up her dress above her ass, hidden, as they were by darkness and by the large metal armrests aside each chair, and he ran his hand down and underneath her from behind, before reinserting his slippery wet finger into her vagina.
With his own hand now out of his way, he was able to bring his left hand across Nicole's front. First he plunged it into her vagina alongside the finger of his right hand in order to lubricate his dryer fingers so that they could comfortably rub her clitoris, all while his right hand swirled inside of her.
And that is how Nicole had what seemed to her at the time like the strangest and strongest orgasm of her life, sitting in the dark, watching a half-naked man grind on another man in an auditorium full of swingers, while her husband rubbed her toward ecstasy.
The lights were off again by the time she climaxed and the surreal silence of the auditorium was interrupted for but a brief second by her falteringly unhushed cry of "holy fuck!"
Chapter 8 -- I Get Excited
By the time the lights came back on, Nicole's dress had been fully restored to composure and Caleb was sitting calmly with his hands folded gently in his lap, effectively pretending that they weren't soaked in Nicole's juices. It was hard to tell in the dark of the auditorium section, but it seemed very much as though several people were looking in their direction and whispering. They ignored it - Caleb because he was committed to the deception, and Nicole because the wave of chemical euphoria that she was riding had sucked any and all cares from her perception. Temporarily, at least, she had no fucks to give.
The sex and the vodka had played havoc on her hormones and emotions. She had become positively giddy, out of nowhere, swaying, ever so slightly, to the music in her head that she was hearing, and intermittently waving her hands in hard-to-identify dancing gestures. When Jeff walked up the stage, she shouted out "Hi Jeff!" and Jeff waved back at her, a little confused. "That's my friend Jeff," she whispered to Caleb with a giggle.
"Wow," Caleb replied. "You've gone to crazy town."
"You did it," she chastised before turning her attention back to Jeff.
Jeff called again for volunteers and Sienna shot her hand up. Jeff invited her up on stage.
"Oh hell yes," Nicole said aloud.
"Don't..." Caleb started
"We got this," she interrupted.
"No, no, no, no, no, no..."
"We volunteer!" She shouted way too loudly.
"What the fuck are you doing?" Caleb whispered.
"Please, please, please, crush this woman. I need this so bad!" she replied.
"Alright, then" Jeff said, still a little concerned with Nicole's demeanour. "Come on up!"
The crowd applauded. Caleb couldn't tell if they were clapping for the new couple lured into their weird little sex trap, or for their pre-existing support of long-time members Sienna and Darryl. As he got up from his auditorium seat, however, Caleb quickly found that the gradual decline of the aisle was giving him trouble. Twice he fell and had to be helped up by Nicole.
"Are you drunk?" she asked.
"Obviously," he replied.
Taking no chances, she held his arm as they climbed the stairs up to the stage. She all but plopped him down in the chair at the chess board across from Darryl. As they shook hands before the match, Darryl recoiled at the wetness of Caleb's fingers.
"Spilled some of the punch," Caleb offered by way of apology.
"You're going down, bitch," Nicole taunted at Sienna, who also recoiled.
"What the fuck is wrong with you," she asked?
Nicole immediately fell into remorse "Sorry," she said. "I get excited."
Sienna nodded dramatically.
Nicole stared at her feet. "You're still going down, though," and she patted Caleb on the shoulder in support.
On his first move of the game, Caleb had to be nudged to make up his mind before the time penalty kicked in. Three moves later, she nudged him again, but he still couldn't make up his mind and lost both his turn and his knight.
"What are you doing?" she whispered to him.
"Having a hard time concentrating," he whispered back. "Don't worry, I got this."
When he lost his bishop two turns later, Nicole started to become concerned. Losing the match had literally never occurred to her and, as such, it had also never occurred to her that she wasn't actually wearing any panties, and that losing would therefore mean waving her genitals at a bunch of strangers and neighbours. The panic of these realizations sobered her from her earlier euphoria all but instantly.
Two moves later, Caleb forfeited his turn again. Nicole punched him in the back hard enough for the auditorium to erupt in laughter. "Sorry," she said to him. "I'm really nervous."
Nicole could feel Sienna staring at her now, just waiting to catch Nicole's eye. Nicole fought it for a while, looked at the board, looked at the projector, then finally gave in. The second their eyes met, Sienna's monologue began.
"Nicole," she said. "You don't have to do this. If you want, I can get your coat for you and tell Jeff and the others that you're just not ready. There's no shame in that at all, hon."
Nicole felt a fresh fury rising in her stomach. She was not about to be condescended by this woman. She gritted her teeth and replied. "It's not over yet, 'hon'!"
"Checkmate" Darryl called.
"Goddammit!" Nicole shouted.
The world kind of froze around her. In her anger and frustration and in the echoes of the wine and the ecstasy, she became only dimly aware of the things that were happening. Sienna and Darryl left the stage. The camera was shifted into position on Caleb by Jeff. Sienna came back to the stage with Nicole's coat, stopping only to say a few words that Nicole couldn't hear to Jeff.
Caleb started to get up from the chair.
"Sit your ass down," she threatened.
"Uh," Caleb responded with his usual eloquence.
Sienna dragged Jeff over to her. "We talked, Nicole. Jeff completely understands. Have a good evening, hon."
Nicole was past fury by this point. Caleb rubbed her gently on the back and with cat-like reflexes she swatted his hand off of her.
"Get off the stage." She said to Sienna.
Sienna's expression of faux sympathy seeped into something more contemptuous. She smiled. "Who are you kidding, hon?"
"Get off," Nicole replied.
Sienna wasn't finished speaking, but, ever the mediator, Jeff grabbed her by the arm and lead her off the stage in accordance with Nicole's wishes.
Nicole took two of the deepest, fastest breaths of her entire life.
"Hit the goddamn lights!" she shouted.
And they did.
Thirty seconds in the darkness felt like an absolute eternity. In her head she counted it down, but she held very little faith that she would be able to keep time accurately. Still, she tried.
30
29
"Could I," she wondered "get off the stage in the dark, grab my coat from Sienna (ideally by punching her and taking it) and flee to the car before the lights came back on?"
28
27
"Could I signal Caleb to come with me? Could I even find him in the dark? Would he come?"
26
25
"Too little," she told herself. "Too late."
24
23
22
"Is it better," she contemplated, "to show your vagina to complete strangers or to your neighbours? Which is more embarrassing? Which is worse?"
21
20
19
Her breath was getting faster now and she wondered how far she could push it before she slipped into hyperventilation.
18
17
16
She felt desperate for the seconds to last, yet she agonized over how long it was taking to complete her countdown. How could time be so slow and so precious simultaneously?
15
14
13
12
There was something else there as well, something with her in the darkness, a desire that contradicted everything that everyone thought that they knew about her. Alone and scared and with nowhere else she could go without hating herself, she decided to follow it.
11
10
9
8
Soon she was alone and scared and excited. She hitched her two middle fingers to either of her dress straps.
7
6
5
4
She allowed herself to feel, for one last instant, the sensation of fear, and then she closed her eyes and breathed her way beyond it.
3
2
1
She pulled each strap away from her shoulders hard. The rest was gravity.
0
Light.
As their eyes adjusted and refocused, the crowd found before them on stage the image of a beautiful woman, facing forward, directly at them, with her hands covering her face completely, her dress around her ankles.
Chapter 9 -- I'm So Sorry
The applause was thunderous, mixed and mingled with cries of "holy shit" and "wow" and though she couldn't see with her hands over her face, Nicole was pretty sure it was Sienna who remarked "what a slut," which was an odd sentiment for anyone to make, really, at a swingers party.
Caleb was perhaps the most bewildered by what was happening, but the sight of his wife's bare and beautiful ass in front of him took him back to a familiar place of comfort, even with the large crowd of people staring on the other side of her. He had never needed validation that his wife was sexy, but the applause made him feel good nonetheless. It was a body, he knew, that deserved applause.
As it died down, it was Lucy who called out "dance!" and the rhythmic clapping began. Nicole knew that she couldn't look at the crowd without losing all of her nerve so she pivoted to face Caleb (and the crowd applauded to see her ass in the process) before dropping her hands from her face and finding in his eyes the security that she needed to go forward. The way he looked at her made her feel safe, and eventually powerful, powerful enough so to sway her hips to the clapping of the crowd.
Nicole had her own secret to bring to the party. She was a ringer too. She had studied Egyptian bellydance for years, even dancing professionally as a side job while starting out her teaching career, and though she despised the association of that style of performance with striptease in Western media, she knew, at the same time, that it was a form of dance that worked very well with her body, accentuating the fluid movement of curves and hair and exhibiting a raw femininity that, in some ways, you couldn't blame Hollywood for associating with sex.
She leaned into it, rolling her abs backward and forward as she arched her back at the crowd, her black, lace-topped bra thrusting upward and outward toward her husband in the chair. She gyrated her hips while she straddled him, her still-wet vagina leaving a trail of dark moisture along his shirt and across his khakis.
The crowd was going wild now. If the extent of the evening's other activities had been foreplay to them, this was their climax. For hours, they had been titillated, just like every partner who had their turn in the chair, and the buildup of lust and excitement in the room had left them all uniquely vulnerable to the overtures of Nicole's exposed body.
Despite the absurdity of the whole evening, Caleb could feel his erection pushing harder against the zipper of his pants. Nicole noticed as well and responded with a smile as she thrust her vagina over top of it. Caleb was amazed he didn't cum that instant.
And then the lights went out.
"Did you cum?" she whispered.
"Uh, no," he replied.
"Take your pants off" she demanded.
"What?" he replied between the claps of the crowd in the dark.
"Fair is fair. Everyone's seeing my business. Get your dick out."
"Are you kidding?" he responded.
"Be adventurous," she chimed, and kissed him hard and long on his lips.
"But?"
"I love you, dumbass," she replied. "Take off your pants."
Caleb obeyed, sliding his pants and his boxers down to his ankles, and feeling the cold metal of the chair upon his ass. Before he could make further heads or tails of the situation he felt her hand guiding his erection into the warmth of her body and all of the blood left his head entirely.
Nicole surged her hips forward harder, then back again, and faster once more forward, awash, as she was, in sensation. In the back of her throat she could still find the feint alkaline after-taste of the cranberry punch. Between claps, she could hear the uneven breathing of the room surrounding her and the gentle friction noises from cloth on flesh and from flesh on flesh. At each intake of stale air, she smelled sweat -- hers and theirs comingled: the strange and the familiar. She felt...everything. And she saw nothing there in the dark. Then the lights came on again, and to her great, great surprise, she surged her hips forward harder still, and then back again.
The clapping all but stopped as the crowd came around to the light and saw Nicole fucking her husband raw on the chair in front of them. Her movements kept some of that dancer's grace, but it was mingled now with a primal need.
"Holy shit," she heard.
Soon the clapping stopped altogether, and the crowd, caught in Nicole's spell, began touching each other, touching themselves, collapsing all at once to the needs that they'd sought to repress. This was, after all, "only an information session."
Over his wife's shoulder, Caleb could make out the occasional figure in the darkness of the crowd, at least the ones closest to the stage. Jonathon had left his seat to kneel down in front of Jean, her knees upon his shoulders and her head hanging over the back of her chair. Camilla held Jackson's exposed penis in her right hand, stroking it madly. Her left hand performed the same action on Jeff, standing next to her. Darryl, sitting front row centre beside his wife (who still held Nicole's coat), was masturbating openly while Sienna sat with her arms crossed. Caleb was sure he heard her say "you're fucking disgusting" to her husband, who seemed to appreciate the suggestion and merely beat himself all the faster.
Nicole dared to look away from Caleb and stare at the projector in front of her, watching each thrust of his penis slide in and out of her in high definition video, watching the muscles of her thighs flex and release and flex and release, her skin red with friction, her ass glistening with sweat and with her own juices. She expected to feel embarrassed and she waited for the shame to kick in, but it was nowhere to be found.
Her body was like a jack-in-the-box, winding itself deliberatively, so slowly that you could barely identify the musical notes that would squeak out of it as the tension builds gradually in the crank, rising toward the inevitable eruption. She stared at the image of her body on the projector and the blood rushed to her ears and her innards even as the crowd behind her moaned, and cursed with blasphemous delight. Then it was that she erupted with a force she had never yet experienced and her whole body seized and twitched for what seemed like minutes in response. Those in the crowd with their hands free recognized it immediately and they applauded her orgasm.
Caleb kissed her gently on the neck.
"How have you not cum yet?" she gasped.
"I'm a total porn star," he smiled. "That or whiskey-dick." She kissed him passionately once more.
Then, with a strength and vigor that she had assumed her body would have exhausted by now, she thrust harder and faster on his penis, still infatuated with the image of it that the projector revealed. She heard more noises of ecstasy from the crowd and one unmistakable "Such a fucking slut" from the front row centre.
Nicole stopped. There was a smattering of groans from the crowd.
"What's up," Caleb asked politely, but his face conveyed nothing less than utter devastation that his pleasure was being interrupted, that it might have to be unfulfilled.
She stared at him lovingly, then reached behind her back to unhook and release her bra, letting her warm breasts splay across Caleb's eager face before reigniting her backward and forward movement again. The crowd cheered louder; one voice could be heard shouting "thank God."
Caleb was a healthy mix of confused and relieved, but he managed to utter "holy shit." Nicole didn't answer, but she thrust harder and faster yet, building her movements to a dawning climax. At full speed now, she fucked Caleb with everything her exhausted body could muster, feeling his muscles tense and clench, his eyes roll back, and the growing pulses of blood through his penis until...
Caleb ejaculated with a force and volume that sent quivers up Nicole's back, and left her feeling, for lack of a better term, full.
She kissed her husband longingly, then she laughed a moment before the emotions all overwhelmed her and she cried as well. She heard Sienna shout "fuck off, Darryl" in response to Darryl's orgasmic groaning. This too was oddly satisfying, as was the crowd of APS chess-playing, lap-dancing swingers, rising to their feet, whistling and cheering and applauding.
"Every orgasm should come with a standing ovation," Caleb said.
Nicole rolled herself out of Caleb's lap. With nothing left to give, she flopped herself down flat on her back, naked on the stage, cum pouring out of her, and struggling just to catch her breath.
Epilogue -- Yeah, Fine
Five minutes into the drive home, Caleb was resting his head on the passenger side window, his eyes closed. The evening had taken its toll.
Nicole was wide awake now as she drove, her mind naively trying to rationalize and categorize the unbelievable events of the evening that had transpired. She looked over at her husband and nudged him awake.
"Ten minutes until home -- no falling asleep," she commanded.
"Just resting my eyes," he replied without sitting up. "They've seen things this night."
She laughed. "Yes they have."
"Did we win?" he asked.
"You lost badly," she answered.
"Not chess," he replied. "Did we win at swinging? Did we beat the swingers?"
"Definitely," she replied, knowingly. "But we can obviously never see any of those people ever again." In her mind, she was already sifting through who she knew that might be able to do her nails in the future.
"Definitely," he echoed.
"I love you" she stated, matter-of-factly.
Caleb pointed his hand out in the shape of a gun and made a "click-click" noise in response.
The truck rattled forward through the earliest hours of the still-dark morning, leading them down through empty streets, past unlit homes and businesses, through the very heart of the village, and back to home.
"Yeah, fine," Caleb muttered. "I love you too."