-If this is your first time reading Chelsea's Last Day, I would suggest starting at Ch. 1-
Chelsea reached into her school bag and greedily pulled out the 12-inch pink dildo waiting for her. It was rubbery and very lifelike, with average size balls at the end. As she stood completely naked in the boys bathroom stall, she heard someone shuffle in. The boy was a first-year at the Catholic school Chelsea went to and a tingle ran down her pussy as she head him gasp. The reason was because Chelsea's skirt, bra, and shirt were all laying in a puddle of cum and her own cunt juices on the bathroom floor. She felt a tingle run up her pussy lips as she heard the boy start pissing.
"Hey there sexy..." Chelsea calmly said as she stepped out of the stall. The boy's eyes opened wide as he saw the beautiful naked woman before him. Her tits were still dripping with her brother's cum, not to mention the streams on her face, and her pussy and legs were still soaked with her own sweet juices. She slowly turned around and bent over, holding the dildo out between her legs.
"You don't think you could give me a hand?" She said, presenting a pouting face between her legs, "You see, I want you to stick this cock deep in my pussy..."
The boy was absolutely dumbfounded as he took a step towards the most sexy image he had ever beheld. The girl before him was bent over, offering herself to him, holding a 12-inch dildo to stick inside of her. This was the best day of his life. As he slowly grabbed the monster cock Chelsea was holding out, he couldn't draw his eyes away from the dripping cunt that was before him. Chelsea was beginning to get turned on by this, by today's standards, simple display of her body. She still had her brother's cum deep inside her ass and when she was bent over this way she found it hard to keep inside. It began to dribble out just as the freshman boy was about to shove the dildo in her waiting pussy. The boy sucked his breath in as he watched the white, sticky substance run out of her asshole and down her already soaked pussy. Although he was only a first-year, the school was for over-18 college prep students, and he knew what it was. As a small amount pooled up around her pussy, he took the huge dildo and shoved it balls deep into Chelsea's cunt. Chelsea gave a loud moan as she felt the full 12 inches of her pink dildo forcefully shoved up her hole. She could feel the warm cum of her brother coating the walls of her pussy as it acted as lubricant. She stood up slowly and turned around to kiss the boy on the lips, she squeezed his hard cock with one hand and his ass with the other.
"Thank you so much sexy, maybe you'll let me return the favor later," Chelsea winked and the boy watched as she pulled on her cum-soaked clothes.
"How do I look?" Chelsea seductively asked the boy, letting the boy examine her fully. What he saw was a sexy face, a stream of cum running out the side of Chelsea's mouth, a practically see-through shirt covering some of the biggest tits he had ever seen, which were also soaked with cum. Turning around and bending over slightly, the boy could plainly see the balls of the dildo still dripping with cum and pussy juice coming out of her pussy.
The boy didn't say a word and stepped out of the bathroom with a raging hard-on, he would remember this day forever. As Chelsea grabbed her school bag, she stepped out of the bathroom and walked down the hall to professor Smith's Geometry class. Every boy's head turned to watch this cum-covered slut as she walked down the halls.
"If they only knew what I had between my legs right now," thought Chelsea to herself, "and how much cum is up my ass." Just thinking about it turned Chelsea on. She began to feel shudders of an orgasm as she stepped into professor Smith's class. Only a couple students were already there for the first period class. Chelsea sexily walked up to her desk, in the front row directly in front of professor Smith's desk. The professor was sitting in his chair studying something very hard. As soon as he saw Chelsea, his dick started to get hard.
"Damn," he thought, "how does this girl keep doing this to me." He remembered the images from this morning of watching Chelsea's juices drip on the floor as she bent over. His cock twitched again as he tried to stop himself from thinking of a student sexually.
"Anything I can do you for?" Chelsea coyly asked the professor, placing her hands on his desk and leaning over slightly. Her tits squeezed together and were almost ready to fall out of her bra as she did this. The professor wasn't sure, but he could see streams of something on her cleavage, and he caught a faint whiff of... cum?
"Ummm," he stammered, "I really need some coffee this morning, I've got a raging hard, ahem, headache. You wouldn't mind slipping into the teacher's lounge would you? I've got to be in here when class starts."
Chelsea didn't say a word as she gave the professor a smile and quickly turned to go head to the teacher's lounge. As she did, the professor could just see the bottoms of her ass as she spun away, there was a white fluid leaking between her cheeks and was that something coming out of her pussy? Chelsea knew the view the professor had gotten, and found herself coming even closer to orgasm as she exposed herself. He scolded himself again for looking at his student.
Chelsea stepped into the empty teacher's lounge and found a thermos for the professor's coffee. She walked over to the brewing machine and poured him a cup. As she did, she wondered if the professor liked cream in his coffee, and suddenly a nasty idea came to her mind.
"What's wrong with the professor drinking some of my own special cream?" She said out loud to herself, smiling. The thought of cumming into the professor's thermos in the middle of the teacher's lounge sparked her already close orgasm.
"Fuck it, I'll do it right in front of the door." Chelsea thought to herself, "who's gonna stop this slut on her last day." She got up on the table and spread her legs wide. Her pussy was facing the door to the lounge. She moaned loudly as she started to pump the 12-inch dildo in and out of her sopping cunt. It only took a matter of seconds, dangerously exposed in this way, for Chelsea to reach an orgasm. She pulled the dildo out of her pussy as her sweet juices began to flow. She held the thermos underneath her ass hole as she stuck it out over the edge of the table. She couldn't stifle her loud moans as the juices flowed down her ass, mixing with her brother's cum, and dripped into her professor's thermos. She could feel her ass almost emptied of her brother's seed as she came to the end of her orgasm. She shuddered and laid back on the table, putting the lid to the thermos on. Her knees were up in the air, the dildo shoved back inside her pussy, and her asshole still dripping when the coach of the football team opened the door to the lounge.
"Holy shit," was all Chelsea heard, she simply didn't give a fuck. If they wanted to tell her to leave school, fine, it was her last day anyways. As the coach saw what lay before him, a sexy student laying on the lounge table, her legs spread wide revealing a shaved cunt, full of a huge dildo and still dripping, he couldn't stop his cock from hardening. Chelsea looked up to see who had stepped into the lounge, she was scared it would be someone important, but when she saw the coach she smiled wickedly. Chelsea had heard stories about the football coach and some of the cheerleaders from the team. She didn't know if any of them were true, but they made her more comfortable as she exposed her entire womanhood to this man. She noticed a bulge growing in his pants.
"Hey there baby, see anything you like?" Chelsea said in a seductive tone. As she did, she sat up and pulled her shirt over her head. If anyone was going to turn her in to the principal, the coach would be the last one to do so. The football coach watched as this sexy figure before him pulled off her shirt. Her tits bounced slightly, and he could see her nipples trying to poke out of the see-through fabric. He looked down her body and to her long legs. He could feel his cock reach it's full-length, and he knew this girl had chosen the wrong coach to fuck with. Chelsea's eyes could not be pulled away from the giant bulge that had now grown in the coach's pants. Maybe she believed the stories she had heard now. All she knew was that she wanted to see what her coach was packing.
"What's wrong coach? Doesn't the wife take care of you at home?" Chelsea got down on her knees and began to run her hands up and down the coach's legs. "I could show you how a real slut takes care of her man." Thoughts of first period ran through her mind, but she knew professor Smith wouldn't care if she was late. The coach didn't say a word and locked the door behind him. He undid his belt and let his pants fall to the floor. Chelsea could see his cock outlined as it attempted to burst through his underwear.
"Mmmmm, coach I had no idea that you were such a big boy. Is there anything that this little slut can do for a big man like yourself?" As Chelsea said this, she unsnapped her bra and let her tits bounce freely in front of the coach's eyes. The coach had been deprived of sex for many months from his bitch of a wife. This was the last straw for him.
"Suck my cock you fucking whore, I want to cum in your mouth," the coach gruffly said. "But that's not all slut, I'm gonna fuck your pussy too." Chelsea moaned as the coach talked so forcefully with her. She loved being forced to do things, more than anything in the world. And the dildo that was buried deep in her pussy started the sensations of an orgasm. Chelsea quickly pulled down his underwear and watched his monster cock spring out. She gasped as she stared at the monstrosity before her. It was the largest cock she had ever seen, hands down, and she couldn't wait to feel it inside of her. As Chelsea took the cock in her mouth, she moaned loudly.
"Take off your skirt you fucking slut." The coach ordered Chelsea. Chelsea stood up and pulled her skirt down in front of the coach. Her pussy was in plain view and the coach saw the balls of her dildo escaping her cunt.
"You are a little slut aren't you, I want you to fuck yourself while you suck my cock." Chelsea quickly reached down and pulled out the huge dildo, streams of her juice came along with it. She got down on her knees again and held the coach's cock in one hand and the dildo in the other. She compared them and they were practically the same size. She couldn't believe the coach had a foot-long dick!
"What do you think you're doing?!? Suck my cock slut!" The coach was getting forceful now as he grabbed Chelsea's head and rammed it into his cock. Chelsea couldn't fit the whole thing in her mouth, but as she tried to shove it down her throat, she took the dildo and ran it over her soaked pussy. As the coach rammed Chelsea's head back and forth on to his cock, she took the dildo and fucked herself in the same rhythm. She began to gag as she felt an orgasm coming on. The coach started to moan as he fucked himself with Chelsea's face, he was so close to blowing his load. As Chelsea's orgasm rippled through her body, she dropped the dildo and came all over the carpet in the lounge. The coach did the same as he pulled Chelsea's face off his cock and came on her face and tits. Spurt after spurt covered Chelsea's face, she opened her mouth to taste the cum. As the coach kept cumming, she could feel it run down her chin and neck onto her tits. She reached up and smeared it around her nipples as the coach grabbed her head and made her suck him clean.
"That's right slut, swallow every drop. I want the next load straight up your pussy." The coach grabbed Chelsea and threw her towards the table. "Bend over bitch!" Chelsea bent over and felt her cum-covered tits smear against the table, her nipples became rock hard. The coach grabbed Chelsea's dildo and stepped up behind his prize. He couldn't believe his luck, he was going to remember this slut forever.
"Spread your legs wide bitch, your gonna need all the help you can get..." the coach licked his lips as he savored the view of Chelsea's cum-covered asshole, along with her dripping cunt. As she spread her legs the coach wasted no time in shoving the dildo up her ass. Chelsea gave a loud moan as the dildo entered her tight asshole. She had never felt anything so big up there and it hurt as the coach shoved it in balls deep.
"That's right slut, take it all!" He started to enjoy himself as he fucked her ass harder and harder with the huge dildo. Chelsea began to scream as she felt him pump the dildo in and out at a fast pace. She felt like her ass was going to tear because of the size. She reached back with her hands to spread her ass as wide as she could. Her pussy was soaked in her brother's cum and her own juices when she felt the coach's giant cock penetrate her. The coach was relentless in his sexual assault on Chelsea. He kept fucking her harder with the dildo, while sticking his cock deep in her pussy. The feeling took Chelsea's mind off the pain as she began to savor the sensation of the coach's cock inside her cunt. As the coach fucked her ass and pussy, he looked at the sexy student in front of him. She had her mouth open, cum covering her face and lips. Her tits were smashed against the table and he could see them bulging out the sides of her body, smearing cum all over the table. He moved his eyes over her ass, which was stuck out over the edge of the table, it rippled over and over as he fucked her relentlessly. Her hands were squeezing each ass cheek, pulling them wide to make room for the two cocks inside of her. Her legs were spread out wide and dripping with all the juices of the day. He watched her as she came violently, her whole body shaking, screaming at the top of her lungs. He shoved the dildo deep in her ass, along with his cock, as he moaned loudly and shot his load inside her cunt. He had never cum so much in his life, it felt like he emptied his entire balls inside this slut. As he came to an end, he slowly pulled his cock out and pulled on his pants. He laughed to himself as he opened the door and stepped out into the hallway. As he took one more look, he could see the naked girl, bent over the table still, breathless from her intense orgasm, her pussy overflowing with his cum and hers, the dildo in her ass popped out and fell on the floor, landing among her clothes. He heard a small moan as the door closed. He would remember this day forever.