An hour later, we were at the resort in Khandala. It was almost 8 PM by then. It was perfectly located with hills in its front and hills on the back with the expressway passing right under the back balconies. Uday and I both got rooms with balconies overlooking the expressway. Uday had already gotten several texts from Sharma reminding him that we were meeting him for dinner in the continental restaurant in the resort at 9:00 p.m. That ugly old lecher was the only fly in the ointment.
"Let's meet the fat bastard for 30-45 minutes." Uday said as I opened the door to my room. "Then I'll come up with an excuse to get rid of him and continue where we left off."
I smiled, and then looked around to make sure the lobby was empty. Then I pulled Uday towards me and planted a long wet kiss on his lips.
"And remember..." Uday said as I stepped into my room. "You don't have to wear the dress I got you. Whatever you feel comfortable in is okay. I'll see you down in the continental restaurant at 9."
I closed the door and plonked my valise and my laptop bag on the bed. It was a well decorated room. I started stripping off my work clothes. Getting fucked by Uday in that remote meadow had gotten me even sweatier. I needed a shower. I got naked and went to the bathroom.
A quick shower later, I came out. Completely naked except for the towel wrapped around my hair, I walked to my valise and opened it. In it were several dresses I had packed as options for this "date night" with Uday. I picked up the first one, a dark blue dress knee length with a plunging neckline and overlapping diagonal patterns below the waist. Tried it on and looked in the mirror. It was good, but not quite perfect. Then the second one, a red backless evening gown that ended a couple of inches above my knee. Manish loved this one. The third was a jade colored figure hugging satin dress with a halter neck. The fourth was a stylish tank top with embroidery and a wrap-around skirt.
I tried all of those on one by one, but wasn't quite satisfied. Then my eyes fell on plastic bag with the dress Uday had got me. I had forgotten all about it. I took out the box, opened it, and picked up the black sequined tube dress. I held it against my naked body and looked in the mirror. Wow, it really was short. Considering my ample bosom, it would show a generous amount of cleavage at the top. And it ended just a couple of inches below my crotch. It's not like I had never worn such skimpy clothes. It's just that I hadn't worn such skimpy clothes in over a decade. No way was I wearing this.
I folded it up to put it back in the bag, when I noticed the smaller box. Oh yes, I thought to myself. There was a second box. I had seen it earlier in Bombay but forgotten all about it. I slipped it out and opened it. It had another velvet covered box inside it. I opened it and saw a beautiful necklace studded with small diamonds.
"Holy shit!" I said and dropped the necklace in shock. I bent down to pick it up, and examined it carefully. They seemed like real diamonds. Uday had spent a fortune on me! He was going all out!
I felt guilty about leading him on. He had told me on not one but two occasions that he loved me. And he had given me this super expensive necklace. And what was I doing in return? Just treating him like a fuck buddy plus sperm donor. No, it wasn't fair. I had to give it back. I could not keep it.
Then I thought a bit more. No, not about keeping the necklace. I couldn't do that. But about wearing the necklace for the night, and returning it to him only when we got back to Bombay. He had put a lot of thought and effort into these gifts. The least I could do was wear them on our special night. So yes, I decided, I would wear the necklace. And I would wear the sequin dress. So what if Sharma stared? Who cared? It would make Uday happy.
Make-up took just five minutes. I am blessed with a complexion that does not require much make-up. Some eye-liner and lipstick and I was set. I straightened my hair with the handheld iron I had packed, and made sure it looked smooth and silky black. Next came the underwear.
The dress looked snug and I didn't want even a trace of panty lines showing. So I picked up the only thong I had and slipped it on. I was not usually a big fan of thongs, but on this occasion, I had no choice. The bra came next. Usually, such a tube dress had some light padding in the bust and could be worn without a bra. But only by women with normal sized breasts. My DD monsters, if kept unshackled, would bring the dress down on their own. But an off-shoulder tube dress meant I could not wear a bra with a strap.
I rummaged through the bras I had packed and found a black half cup with detachable shoulder straps. I removed the straps and hooked on the bra. The cups covered about a third of my boobs, just about hiding my nipples. Without the straps, my jugs pushed hard against the half cups, but stayed confined.
Then I slipped on the dress Uday bought me. It was a snug fit, but not uncomfortably so. I pulled the dress up to cover the bra cups and left about an inch of cleavage on display - alluring and classy without seeming sluttish. The hemline was high for sure, but if I kept my movements elegantly restricted, I would be fine. I put on the necklace, its diamonds resting just above my cleavage. Finally, I slipped on black pencil heel shoes. I usually avoided wearing heels but this was a special occasion and a special dress.
I looked in the mirror and let out a low whistle at how hot I looked. Ketaki, you bombshell, I said to myself. Even at 32, you've still got it. My bust, encased in the strapless bra and the shimmering dress looked prominent and appealing. The necklace seemed to draw attention to the cleavage. I turned around to look at my butt. That looked great too, thanks to the heels! I hoped no random romeos tried to pinch it tonight. It was all for Uday. I stood there admiring myself for a couple of minutes more. Then reminding myself to dress up a lot more even when with Manish, I decided to get going. It was just five minutes to 9. I picked up a small black handpurse, put my cellphone and some other necessities in it, and walked out of the room.
As I walked to the elevator, I passed a busboy and two male guests, all of whom gave me lingering glances before politely looking away. Yes, I was turning heads! In the elevator, I rode with two elderly women, of whom one gave me a dirty look, and the other smiled at me and said I looked pretty.
Walking out of the elevator on the ground floor, I crossed the lobby and headed towards the restaurant. Every head, male and female, seemed to be turning to check me out. It was not an entirely unfamiliar experience. In my late teens and early college years, I had gone through a phase where I wore super short clothes. But once I got serious about my career, I started dressing professionally. I didn't want my looks to undermine my intellect and ability. I wanted to be a go-getter not a bimbo. So it had been almost a decade since I wore something this revealing.
The feeling was oddly empowering. I wasn't really insecure about my looks or my body. I was just.... I guess so secure that I had stopped thinking of it as an issue or something to flaunt. I dressed well and worked out to keep looking good. But the dressed-to-kill part of me had been devoted to Manish. This dress reminded me of how I still had what it takes.
I walked into the restaurant and saw Uday standing near the hostess with Sharma. He looked so hot with hair hair gelled, a thin gray shirt that hinted at his awesome chest, and black jeans. Uday, that is, not Sharma. Sharma was wearing nondescript shirt-and-trousers with what seemed like a new blazer. He looked as ugly as ever, but I noticed he has dyed the remnants of his hair.
The two men noticed me walk towards them. Uday's face lit up at the sight of me wearing the dress and the necklace. He smiled at me and nodded approvingly. I smiled back and stood next to him.
"Wow Ketaki! You look very beautiful!"
That praise was in Sharma's voice. I looked at him. Sure enough, he had elevated his lecherous look to stratospheric creepy heights. His mouth was open, his tongue hanging out a bit, and his wide eyes were focused firmly on my chest. Despite being used to his roving eye, I felt annoyed at how blatantly he was staring.
"Thanks." I politely said and turned my eyes back to Uday.
"Divine... absolutely divine!" Uday said, took a step forward and pecked me on the cheek. I smelled his heavenly cologne as his lips caressed my cheek, and involuntarily, I blushed. I wished Sharma wasn't there, so I could just take Uday back to my room and squeeze every living sperm out of him. Sharma had a meaningful, almost playful smile as he watched Uday and me. Suddenly, I wished Uday hadn't kissed me, even if it was on the cheek. I didn't want to get the rumor mills started.
"Your table is ready, Sir." a waiter approached us. "this way please."
"After you." Sharma extended his hand towards me. I followed the waiter, with Sharma and Uday behind me. I could almost sense Sharma's gaze burrowing into my ass as I walked. Instinctively, I made sure the hemline was down.
The waiter took us past some tables, a couple of fancy fish tanks, and a fountain. We then passed a jazz band playing in front of a small dancing floor. Past it, we walked into what seemed like the farthest corner of the restaurant. There, the waiter pointed us to a semi-circular booth. I got in, slid to the center, and immediately regretted doing it. It meant that although Uday would be on one side of me, Sharma would be on the other. If we had gotten a regular table, Uday and I could have sat on one side with the buffer of the table between me and Sharma. But now, he would be right next to me.
Uday sat to my left, and Sharma to my right. As soon as Uday sat, I slid as close to him as possible without being in his lap. For a moment, it seemed like Sharma would slide closer to me as well, but he didn't. He sat there, and addressing my cleavage, said
"So nice of you two to come."
"Thanks for having us over." Uday said and I nodded, wondering if the double entendre in Sharma's comment was intentional.
"I am sure the bosses will approve your pitch." Sharma said, still talking to my boobs. How shameless was this man? I was used to his gawking but this was getting too much. I threw Uday a quick disgusted glance.
I don't know exactly how Uday interpreted my look. He had noticed Sharma's leer too. So what he did next seemed like a "back off" sign. Uday put his right arm around my back and grabbed my right shoulder. I felt a tiny shiver as his fingers grabbed my bare skin.
"Both of us are very excited about the prospect."
Sharma noticed Uday's pull me closer and gave him a wide smile displaying his yellow teeth. The implication in the look was obvious. What Uday had just done wasn't something you do to a female colleague with whom you have a strictly professional relationship. Sharma's smile implied that he had concluded that Uday and I were having an affair. How dare he, I thought to myself. I mean yes, we were having an affair, but who was Sharma to chuckle at it?
If Uday's gesture was meant to assert some sort of territorial dominance, it didn't work. Even with Uday's arm around my shoulder, Sharma kept staring at me. He would have kept staring if the waiter hadn't interrupted. He introduced himself, handed us the menus, and rattled off the day's specials.
"Anything to drink, sir?"
I always find it annoying how waiters at even the fanciest restaurants in India treat the males in the party as the only decision makers. In my occasional travels to Europe and America, I hadn't seen this chauvinistic attitude among the wait staff. But in incredible India, it was always "Sir" who got asked such questions, not the "Mam".
"Champagne! We should have champagne!" Sharma almost leaped up.
"Great idea!" Uday said. "We should celebrate the beginning of a beautiful relationship."
As he said that, Uday gently pressed my shoulder. It did not escape Sharma's notice, who flashed that all-knowing smile again. He looked at the menu and ordered a bottle of some exotic sounding champagne. I checked the menu and saw it cost 11,000 rupees! Wow! This was going to take some justifying with the accountants in our company, no matter how big an account Zincorp was. As if reading my mind, Sharma said,
"Tonight's bill is on us at Zincorp."
"No way! You're the client!" Uday protested. "We'll take care of it."
The two of them had a short pleasant argument about who would foot the bill, which concluded with Sharma winning. He also ordered a couple of appetizers to go with the champagne and the waiter left.
"Sharmaji, why don't you tell us a bit about all the people we will be meeting tomorrow."
"Sure. Let's start with Mr. Winston, the Global VP for operations...."
As Sharma started talking, I felt Uday's right hand come off my shoulder. He put it under the table and soon I felt it on my left thigh. I almost jumped in surprise, because he grabbed my thigh hard. Sharma hadn't noticed it because the table hid it from his sight.
As Sharma droned on, Uday's fingers slowly moved up the inside of my thigh until they reached the hem of my dress. I struggled to keep a neutral impression as the fingers then reached under the dress, pushing the hemline up. In a few seconds, Uday's fingers were at my thong. He moved the fingers around the edges, and must have realized I had wearing a thong. He gently pressed his index finger against my clit, and then took his hand away.
Sharma was still talking, seemingly oblivious to what Uday had just done. He still threw the occasional glance at my face and my chest. I suppressed a coy smile as Uday ran the back of his fingers against my thigh again and took his hand away. Soon the waiter returned with the champagne and appetizers. The three of us clinked our champagne flutes and raised a toast to Zincorp. I took a couple of sips. It was very smooth and rich champagne, deserving of its price tag.
"The tequila shots." Uday said to the waiter and then turning to Sharma. "Tequila chasers are great with champagne."
I tasted one of the appetizers, a goat cheese bruschetta, and took another sip of the champagne. Sharma had already emptied his flute and the waiter rushed to refill it. As he continued to talk about the big bosses, I almost jumped out of my skin. Something really cold touched my thigh. I realized that Uday, without anyone noticing, had taken an ice cube out of the champagne bucket and was running it up and down my thigh. I squirmed a little, resisting the urge to giggle as the cold ice tickled my skin. And then Uday almost made me lose it as he put his fingers under my dress again and pressed the ice against the crotch of my thong.
I shivered visibly, and Sharma interrupted his monologue and asked,
"Are you okay, Ketaki?"
Uday immediately took the nice cube away from me and I felt relieved.
"Yes. Just felt a cold draft." I said. "Please continue. You were talking about the CFO."
Sharma stared at me, then at Uday whose face wore a coy smile. Sharma smiled meaningfully and then continued talking. The waiter returned with a tequila bottle, three shot glasses, ice and lemon. We each took a shot, and the tequila burned down my throat. It had been ages since I did tequila shots. These days I stuck to mixed drinks or wines.
"Refill!" Uday said, and the waiter complied. I took the shot again, and didn't suck on the lemon wedge this time.
In a couple of minutes, I felt the tequila's effects. I hadn't anything since lunch other than a couple of bites of the appetizers. And I always get buzzed very easily on an empty stomach. Sharma was still droning on, but with some alcohol inside me, I didn't find his voice as grating as I usually did. I just sat back and listened, looking forward to the time he would leave us alone.
"Oh I love this song." Uday said and slipped out of the booth. "Dance with me."
I took his hand and followed him to the dance floor, glad to be able to spend some time with him without Sharma hovering around. Uday put his arms around my back and I put my hands on his shoulders as we danced to the intoxicating sax number.
"Every pair of eyes is on you." Uday whispered in my ear. I looked around, noticed that indeed was the case, and blushed.
"You almost made me lose it with that ice cube." I said in mock anger.
"Haha, sorry about that." Uday said as he swiveled me around. "You have no idea how difficult it is to keep my hands off you tonight."
"I appreciate the sentiment. But could you try to keep them off while Sharma is around?"
"Oh, who cares about Sharma or anyone else? You need to stop caring so much about what other people think."
And then as if to make his point, Uday drew me close and planted a long wet hard kiss on my lips. The kiss melted my protests away. I hugged Uday and felt his muscular back with my fingers. A handful of people dancing around us noticed us amorousness and started staring. But Uday was right. Why should I care about them? I looked into the eyes of a frowning woman and kissed Uday even harder. Uday responded by putting one hand on my butt and cupping it gently. I realized I was actually feeling a bit turned on, making out in public like this.
Finally the song ended and Uday broke the kiss. We walked back to the table where Sharma was wearing an even leerier grin. He had obviously seen what Uday and I had been up to. It was now confirmed that we were more than just colleagues.
I slipped back into my seat to find a glass full of fuzzy liquid in front of me.
"I ordered us all some vodka and sprite." Sharma explained.
Not a bad choice. I wasn't a big fan of hard liquor, but vodka and sprite always agreed with him. I took a sip and was surprised at how strong it was. Must have been a double drink or as they call it here in India, Patiala peg. I had already had one champagne and two shots of tequila. This strong drink would get me beyond just buzzed and teetering on drunk territory. Which, I decided, was not such a bad thing. I always enjoyed sex a l more when drunk. Manish often commented how much more aggressive and responsive I was in bed when drunk. Maybe it helped lower the inhibitions soldered onto the mind of any attractive Indian woman raised by protective parents.
I had already gulped down half the drink when the waiter appeared for our main course ordered. I ordered poached salmon, and both the men ordered lamb chops. Uday also told the waiter to bring us three vodka martinis, his favorite drink, when our current drinks finished.
The conversation turned to the state of the industry and the economy. It was mainly Sharma and Uday doing the talking. I was sitting there, feeling the vodka strengthen its grip over me, fantasizing about riding Uday very soon. Uday must have guessed from my face that I was daydreaming about him. even as he kept talking about some upcoming IPO or other, he put his hand on my thigh. His fingers traced the familiar path under my dress and to the top of my thigh.
But this time, it went further. I felt him slide his fingers inside the side of my thong front and gently flick my clit. I let out a sharp sigh, and Sharma glanced at me. From where he was sitting, he couldn't see Uday's hand, but he clearly suspected something. Fortunately, he just threw me a curious look and resumed the mundane conversation with Uday.
Uday started gently rubbing my clit in a circular motion, and I was overcome with a feeling of arousal and panic. I tried to push his hand away but it stubbornly resisted and continued to do what it was doing. Uday's mouth seemed to have no inkling of what his hand was doing because it continued to talk to Sharma about boring stuff. I made a couple more attempts to push Uday's hand away but failed.
Oh to heck with it, I decided, took a large gulp of the drink emptying the glass, and just sat back to enjoy the fingering. He was working my clit at the perfect tempo, sending waves of pleasure up and down my body, but not quite threatening to bring on an orgasm. As this continued, I felt my cunt getting wet. Uday must have guessed that too, because after a few minutes, his thumb gently poked at the entrance of my cunt even as the other finger kept working the clit.
I inhaled sharpy as the thumb entered my cunt, and Sharma looked at me again. I smiled it him, the smile being powered mostly by bliss at what Uday was doing. Our drinks had finished so the waiter brought out the vodka martinis. I took a sip, wishing I could just close my eyes and completely relax as Uday fingered me. I reached for the olive in the drink and ate it.
"I love olives!" I said in a voice huskier than I intended, partly because of Uday's fingers.
"I don't. Here, have mine." Uday fished out the olive from him glass with his left hand and lovingly put it in my mouth. The booze had definitely lowered my inhibitions because I ate it with a very suggestive expression my face, like in some hokey porn scene, and sucked on Uday's finger for a second.
I guess Sharma loved what I did, because he clumsily fished out the olive from his glass.
"Have mine too."
Sharma slid across the semicircular seat in one quick motion until he was right next to me, his extended hand pushing the olive towards my mouth. My mouth had been open anyway, and before I could react, his stubby nicotine stained fingers had pushed the olive in.
Uh oh! Sharma had moved into a place from where he could see Uday's hand inside my dress. Uday realized it and quickly withdrew his hand, but Sharma's eyes notice the motion and saw the hand as it was retreating. I followed Sharma's gaze towards my crotch and noticed that while retreating, Uday's hand had inadvertently folded the hem of my dress up and my inner thighs, glistening with moisture, were visible. I quickly pulled the dress down.
I couldn't bear to look Sharma in the eye. He slowly moved away into his original position, and there was an awkward silence. My heart was racing with embarrassment. I took a few more quick sips of my drink to calm my nerves.
"I have to take a leak." Sharma slid out of the booth.
As soon as he was out of earshot I turned to ask Uday to not do that again,
"Uday please don't...ohhh...
Uday has swiftly put his hand inside my dress again and instantly found the old spots. Except this time, his thumb was on my clip and he slipped two fingers into my cunt.
"Don't what?" he nonchalantly asked as he started fingering me at a pace much more rapid than before.
"Thaaaaaaaat." I said, doing my best to keep my voice low.
"But you're clearly turned on. You like it. Maybe you don't realize it but you're an exhibitionist, turned on my being fondled and kissed and fingered in front of an audience?"
"Oh my god!" was the only response I could muster up as Uday's fingers now started working at a furious speed. I grabbed the table to stabilize myself and my hips moved in response to Uday's fingering. He still managed to retain his grip.
"Sharma is gone but I think that young lady there knows what's happening."
As I writhed under the assault of the fingers, my half-closed eyes followed Uday's gaze to a table where two couples of what seemed like college students were sitting. One of the girls was staring at me and nudging her friend.
"Uday please......shit!"
My hands moved from the table to Uday's arm, which I gripped, but didn't really try to push away. I was too deep in now. I wanted that orgasm he was dragging me towards. Eyes closed, I leaned against Uday, resting my head on his shoulder as his hand started pushing towards the finish line.
A few seconds later, I opened my eyes and saw that both couples at that college kids table were now staring at me, clearly aware of what was happening. I guess Uday had a point about me having exhibitionist tendencies, because far from being frazzled by the fact that they were watching, I felt turned on.
"MMMmmmmffffff!" I bit into the rolled up fabric of Uday's shirt sleeve to muffle the involuntary utterances that the orgasm, which had started, was causing. My hips bucked, shaking the table slightly and causing the silverware on it to rattle as a tsunami of pleasure washed over me. And I lost all sense of time and place, shame or dignity, and just rode that tsunami. Finally, the orgasm subsided, and my teeth released Uday's sleeve. I had just had the most powerful orgasm of my life in full view of at least four strangers, at a table in a posh restaurant.
"I'LL HAVE WHAT SHE'S HAVING!" one of the guys accompanying the girls loudly said, making an obvious Meg Ryan joke.
Joining in the laughter were not just his friends, but also people at two other tables, indicating that I had a bigger audience than I had realized. The pleasure of the orgasm was replaced by the shame and I stared at the table as I slid the thong's crotch into place and straightened my dress. I then emptied the martini, and felt the cool warmth soothe my nerves.
"Let's go to your room. Or mine." I said, struggling to keep my voice straight.
"We still haven't eaten."
"We'll order room service."
"But Sharma is with us."
"We'll tell him I feel sick."
I looked at Uday with pleading eyes. He just smiled.
"We'll go, but let's have another dance first."
Uday took my hand and helped me up. As I stood up, I felt slightly groggy. The after-effects of the orgasm combined with the drinks had made me woozy. That's when the waiter. brought two shot glasses filled with tequila.
"Compliments of the ladies and gentlemen at that table." the waiter said.
Uday picked up the tequila, looked at the college kids, smiled, and raising the glass to them, downed it without salt or lime.
"Come on Ketaki, don't be rude."
I picked up the glass Uday handed me and downed it, then smiled shyly at the table.
As Uday led me to the dance floor, again, all eyes seemed to follow me. I wondered how many were just admiring my looks and how many were curious to see what the skimpily dressed big breasted drunk slut would do next. As I thought those words, I blushed with shame but also arousal. This wasn't me. I was a successful well educated and well respected sales rep in a top company with a glorious career ahead of me. My manager had often said he saw me as a VP by 40, and a top executive by 45. It wasn't like me to be fingered in public, drunk, by some random colleague in front of a client. I had done by best to not do anything that seemed like using my looks or flirting to get ahead. If anything, I was known as a bit of a hard-ass ice maiden.
At the same time, this was me. Or used to be me. No, I hadn't exactly been made to cum in front of an audience before, but in my late teens and early 20s, I liked to have fun pushing the envelope. I was the first girl in my traditional middle class high school to procure a vibrator that a German tourist lady living near my house sold me. During a train ride to Delhi during college, I had dragged my then-boyfriend to the train bathroom, and fucked him bent over the rickety steel wash basin. I got drunk and had one night stands. Of course, all that had ended once I got married. I had "grown up". But maybe once in a while it was not be so grown up, I told myself.
Uday held me in a tight embrace and swayed to the jazz tunes the band was cranking out. He then started fondling my butt with both hands. I opened my eyes slightly and saw a small crowd had gathered around. One of them let out a low whistle as Uday turned me around so my back was touching his chest, and then fondles my boobs. I noticed Sharma was standing at the edge of the dance floor, drinking in the sight. By now, his presence had become peripheral to my concerns.
For the next five minutes, Uday and danced like nobody was watching. Or maybe like everybody was watching, because it was something we both clearly enjoyed. Uday held me, turned me around, kissed me, groped every part of my body, and on one occasion, even picked me up and spun my around. That made my legs kick involuntarily, showing a handful of onlookers my thong.
As the song was ending, Uday hugged me, and I felt the fingers of his right hand rubbing my back over my dress. His fingers seemed to be searching something. The next second, I realized what he was searching for. The hook of my bra. Very skillfully, Uday twisted the bra from over the dress and unhooked it. That made the weight of my boobs push the bra's half cups and the dress slightly forward. I immediately put one arm over my chest.
"Whh...what are you d-doing?" I slurred.
"Shhh." Uday said, then I felt his right hand go down the front of my dress. He reached for the bra and gave it a tug. It slipped out from my dress and soon it was in Uday's hands raised over my head. I felt a draft and realized, much to my horror, that this had made my boobs spill out of the dress. My massive jugs were on display to half the restaurant, erect nipples and all. Instantly, I pulled the dress up and covered them, but a few whistles indicated that even in that short moment, several people had seen my naked boobs. The look on Sharma's face standing in the distance showed he was one of them.
"Sir your food is ready."
A waiter stepped on to the dance floor and said to Uday. Uday nodded and started leading me back to the table, bra in his hand.
My boobs, now without the shackle of a bra, kept weighing down the dress. It would keep slipping down a couple of inches as I walked, and I had to keep pulling it up. even tried holding it in place by clamping down my arms to my side but the sequin on the dress made it difficult for it to counteract the weight of my boobs. Finally we reached the table and I swayed into the seat. That motion again made the dress slip down, displaying the top half of each breast, and I pulled the dress up and sat down, relieved that now it wouldn't slide down.
The plates were laid out in front of us and the waiter brought three more glasses. I don't even remember what the drink was. Uday picked up a glass and put it to my lips, and I, thirsty from the dance floor, took a couple of big swigs. I then turned my attention towards the salmon. I was ravenously hungry. I picked up the knife and fork and started stuffing the salmon into my mouth.
Uday took a couple of bites from his lamb. Then I felt his hand on my thighs again. This time, he didn't put it under my dress. Instead, he started rolling the dress up. I tried to resist, squirming away but he kept trying, and managed to pull the front hemline all the way up to my crotch.
"No, please." I whispered.
"What happened?" Uday said and then he put his left hand over my left ear and pulled me close until our faces were almost touching.
Before I could say anything, he pulled me into a kiss. As I leaned, the front of the dress started slipping down again. I raised my right hand to pull it back up, I felt Uday's left hand move from my head to my right hip, and pull the dress up from the side and the back. My hand was caught between my boobs and Uday's chest. I then felt his right hand go lower between our bodies and hitch up the dress from the other side. The dress was now snugly rolled up around my waist, and I felt the cold leather touch my buttchees, which were mostly exposed because of the thong.
Now, except for the flimsy thong, I was completely naked from the waist down. Uday whispered in my ear in a stern voice,
"Don't you dare roll in down. Finish your drink. And eat your dinner."
I felt like defying him, but for some reason, the edge in his voice made me obey. I took a couple of big swigs of the drink, picked up my fork, and started eating. Uday's right hand returned to my thighs. He pushed my right and left thighs apart, so I was sitting there, with my legs wide open. He then slid his hand inside my thong and started fingering me again, very gently.
I decided to just give in to the moment, and focused on the food, enjoying the pleasure Uday was generating between my open legs. Even as I ate dinner, the movement of my arms made the the dress keep creeping down, and I always had to make sure I kept pulling it up. I lost sense of anything in the room apart from the salmon in front of me and Uday's fingers on my clit.
Anyone watching me from a distance, with the table hiding me from the stomach and beneath, would have thought I was simply eating my meal, occasionally struggling with a loose dress front. They wouldn't know that below the table, I was almost completely naked, with even the flimsy thong now pushed to a side. This continued for ten minutes as I downed the umpteenth drink of the night and another shot of tequila. My head was spinning, and I tod myself I should stop drinking.
So far this time, Uday had just been working my clit. Then suddenly, he inserted two fingers deep into my wet cunt in one rapid motion. That gave me a start and I almost jumped. The fork flew out of my hand, bounced on the table with a loud clink, and fell down to the floor.
"I'll get it."
Sharma's voice. Shit! I had forgotten Sharma was even there. I watched as he put his lamb chop down in the plate and bent down to pick up my fork. The drinks were really having an effect on me, because it was only a couple of seconds after Sharma disappeared beneath the table did I realize what this meant. Below the table, I am sure Sharma got a perfect close-up view of my naked thighs and hips, as well as my cunt with Uday's fingers in it.
It was no surprise when Sharma stayed down there for much longer than it takes to pick up a fork. Then I felt his greasy finger on my shin and I yelped and tried to kick it away. But he kept fondling my shin and seemed headed towards my thigh. I reached down with my right hand to push him away. But he grabbed the hand and easily held it to the side. I felt his other hand on my thigh when,
"Excuse me, Sir. Ma'am." A distinguished looking man in a suit was standing next to our table. He bent in the waist, and addressed Sharma below the table. "You as well Sir. I am the manager of this resort."
Sharma reluctantly slid above the table and sat in his spot.
"Yes?" Uday said turning to face the manager, his but fingers still in my cunt and on my clit.
"Sorry, but this is getting too much. This is a family restaurant." the voice was polite but firm.
"Fuck you asshole." Sharma said loudly with a slight slur. "We've already paid over 20,000 rupees worth of food and drink."
"Please don't make a scene, Sir." the manager said politely. "We appreciate your business and the patronage of your company. But please understand my position. Customers are complaining, especially women."
"Fine." Uday took his hand away from my crotch.
"I am afraid I am going to ask you to go up to the room with this...." the manager shot me a contemptuous look and seemed like he was about to say whore or slut "....woman. We'll have room service send your food up."
"Okay!" Sharma shrugged and slid out of his seat.
Uday got up too, but I was unable to move. I wasn't sure which sentiment held a stronger sway over me at that time - not having my clit and cunt fingered any more or the utter shame of the manager kicking us out of the restaurant.
"Let's go Ketaki." Uday shoot me by the arm.
I slid out of the seat, feeling my head spin. I got up with some effort, stumbled, then fell back on the seat. Uday pulled me up. I looked around and realized all the tables were staring at us. No, at me. Not at my face. Not even my boobs. So then what...... oh shit! I looked down and remembered my dress was still bunched around my waist. The entire restaurant was getting a look at me almost naked from the waist down.
Quickly, I grabbed the dress by the sides at my waist and pulled it down. But I pulled it down too much. The hemline reached just above my knees, which was several inches below where it was supposed to be. So, you guessed it, my boobs popped out and swung side to side.
"Shit!" I said and pulled the dress up, finally putting it in place.
"Let's go." Uday held me up by the arm and led me away.
I was having trouble walking in the pencil heels, and kept tripping over them.
"Help me with her." Uday said.
Soon, I felt Sharma's greasy fingers grab my other arm, and with the entire room swimming in front of my eyes, I tottered along. Even in that drunken state, I noticed the looks of everyone in the restaurant as we passed by. Most of the women had shocked or disgusted looks on their faces as did some of the men. The other men were staring at me with their mouths and eyes wide open.
Finally we exited the restaurant and reached the resort elevators. Uday now took me in his arms and pushed me into the elevator. I stood in his embrace, back towards him, my head on his shoulder. My eyes were closed.
I felt some singers on my chest, going into my dress and pulling it down to expose my breasts.
"What're you doing, Sharmaji?" Uday said in an irritated voice.
"She has such amazing tits."
I felt his greasy palm on my left breast. I tried to push it away but my hand just went through air. God, how drunk was I? I couldn't even move someone's hand from my boobs without taking careful aim?
"Yeah, but no need to show them to whoever is watching the elevator camera." Uday gestured above his head and pulled my dress back up over my boobs.
Now even the elevator was spinning. I closed my eyes, because whenever I opened them, I felt like I was having a vertigo attack. The elevator came to a stop, and I felt myself being dragged through the corridor. After a few dozen steps, I heard the beep of a keycard and heard a door open. My eyes were still closed.
I was plopped down on a bed. I opened my eyes. It was a bedroom in a suite. This wasn't my room. Must be Uday's, I thought. Sharma gave me a long lingering look, then turned around and walked out the bedroom door. Ah good, finally alone with Uday.
"M....Uuday" I slurred. "Fuck me! Fuck me hard!"
I folded up my knees and opened my thigh. Uday started unbuttoning his shirt and said,
"You don't have to ask me twice!"
Wearing his just pants, he jumped on the bed and on top of me. He pulled my dress down to my waist and started biting my boobs. I ran my fingers over his abs and his pecs. He then pushed the dress up from my thigh and soon it was rolled up around my waist. With one swift motion he took off my thong, which by now was soaked. He then unbuttoned his trousers and took out his hard erect dick.
I reached down, grabbed his dick and pulled it towards me.
"Fuck me!" I said in a throaty voice.
"Yes. Just let me slip on a condom." Uday said, reaching into his pockets.
"Noooo! No condom!" Even in that drunk and horny state, I kept focus on what the basic point of this exercise was.
"What?"
"Don't wear a condom. I am on the pill." I lied. "I want to feel you inside me, skin not rubber. Come on, fuck me."
By now I was so horny, my hips bucking, begging for penetration like an animal in heat.
"Oh. But still, I prefer a condom." Uday said and took out a wrapper.
"No, please. Just fuck me like that!"
But he ignored me and slipped a condom on anyway. Ah screw it, I thought to myself. I had the entire night to convince him to fuck me bare back. I opened my thighs wide and waited. Uday put his arms under my knees, lifted them up and entered my sopping wet pussy in one motion.
to be continued