He stepped into the cubicle, shutting the door behind him, twisting the rotary lock so that the other side showed it as 'occupied'. Then, turning to face the receptacle in front of him, he unzipped, withdrawing his manhood and aiming it at the water. A few moments later, there was a soft tinkle as urination began, and he closed his eyes as the process played out.
The hand slipped around his mouth and nose first, cool fingertips appearing above both orifices, quickly stopping him from reacting to the sudden touch. A split-second later, he felt the warm presence of her body against his, hers pressing up against him from behind - he could feel the hotter, harder push of her two breasts in his shoulder blades, the warmth of her hips on his backside, the presence of her standing behind him, as tall as he was and every bit as alive. He froze, the sudden touch shocking him - in the meta-time in which the brain operates, he considered pulling away, shouting, thrusting his head back or perhaps spinning, still flowing member in his hand and all. But before he could decide on any one course of action, the second hand slithered over his hip and curled across the open edge of his fly, slipping around the base of his flaccid cock as her fingertips split apart, winding around him.
'Be quiet.' She breathed in his ear from point-blank range, her hushed, sultry voice warm and intense as it entered his head. 'Don't make too much noise. We wouldn't want anyone else to hear you.'
He nodded, aware of the implications behind responding to her after the command, making a rapid, fervent wiggle with his chin. Her hand remained over his mouth. 'Good boy.' She breathed again, and he huffed slightly, feeling his warm breath escaping past her fingers - not tight enough now to stop him from breathing through his nose, but close enough to pinch it off at a moment's notice, just far enough away to allow him some air. The lower of the two hands closed around him, and he could feel the stream petering out as he began to stiffen under her touch. He felt, rather than saw, her smirking, devilish grin, feeling the effect she was having on him and enjoying it immensely. 'Very,good boy...' She added, her voice minute and yet deafening beside him.
Grunting slightly, he moved a little beneath her touch, his hips adjusting his stiffening cock in her grasp as her hand slipped around his base, closing so that she was holding him in her fist as he hardened. He glanced down long enough to see his helmet rising to attention before him, feeling the jerk of the hand over his mouth pulling him back up to stare into the tiled wall, breathing more heavily now. He felt the ire emanating from the woman pressed up behind him as she held him from looking, knew she didn't want him to watch - and the fingertips pressing into his mouth and nose closed in for a few moments, reinforcing that knowledge moments later. He sucked against her hand through his nose until she released it, knowing that further argument or disobedience would result in disappointment and punishment, both things his rapidly growing manhood did not want. For a while, he simply stood there, his own hand moving aside as hers took over the job of holding for him. He grew until he was fully erect, and felt her cool fingers return around his base in reward, her soft hand rapidly warming from the heat of his member.
He could feel her breathing, feel her breasts pressing against his back, her chest rising and falling as she inhaled and exhaled right up close to him. He knew she was standing right in close, feeling the warmth of her hips and legs all the way down his body, and a thrill ran through him as he pictured her there, as close as they could be, save only for if he was up inside her body proper. His cock throbbed slightly as arousal began to build inside him, and he felt the soft hand begin to move, ever so slightly, just gently pulling his skin upward as it departed from his navel. He bit his lip.
'Don't make a sound.' She told him as her hand slipped upwards, dragging his loose outer skin with it, slowly travelling up his length as her free hand remained over his mouth, silencing him physically. He nodded briefly, focusing on her chest, her heat, her touch. The hand rose higher, the edge of her thumb meeting the base of his helmet. He twitched again, and the hand pressed over it, squeezing the bell-shaped thickness of his tip ever so slightly more as her hand maintained the same consistent tightness.
'That's it.' She said in a whisper, her hand drawing his skin together as it drew over his helmet, her fist as high up as he was long now. 'Just let it happen. Let me make you feel good.' She did make him feel good - he felt incredible already. He had no idea how she had gotten in here, how she had snuck up on him, but fuck was he glad she had. His only just erected cock already yearned for more stimulation so that it could reach ejaculation, and his breathing was quickening in time with the pounding heart in his chest. He thought he could make out hers through those two soft, warm mounds behind him, and he pulsated again as he re-focused on them, knowing her bosom was right there, pressed between them both. The hand stretched his skin as it began to descend once more, and he sighed softly as it drew gently downwards, every tiny ripple in his shape pressing differently into her skin and massaging him through her hand's motions as she went.
Slowly, the fist sped up. The first few pumps barely moved, taking long, dragging seconds to rise along his length and even longer to return, but now it had begun to quicken, squeezing ever so slightly tighter as it moved faster. He grunted as her hand pulled his skin tight at his base and once again the hand closed over his mouth, her other pausing where it was in punishment. When he had ridden out the teasing wait, the hand began to slide again, and he put his own palm against the tiled wall above the toilet cistern to stabilize himself as the motion stimulated him. He felt her moving on his back as he leaned slightly forwards, felt her warmth pouring into his own as the hands worked him, holding him compliant as she stroked him slowly up.
The hand sped up, up, and then up some more, minutes passing as it tantalizingly worked him. He had begun to rock gently into it, helping to pump himself in her grasp as the pace quickened, now moving at a teasing, if palpable speed, about as rapid as slow, early sex might go for the first few thrusts while things stretched and warmed. He glanced down again, saw the edge of his engorged cock, and this time took the silent treatment readily, nearly groaning again as he felt her grip not stop despite the punishing breathing reminder from the other.
All of a sudden, there was a bang and some footsteps, and the bathroom door opened. He froze, not moving, not breathing, not daring to even look around - but her evil, teasing little hand did not. 'Ssshhhhh...' She breathed nearly imperceptibly in his ear. His eyes went wide as he listened to the newcomer, hearing them walk through the room and enter a nearby stall, closing and locking the door. He prayed that they were not in here for the long run, and was relieved when he heard the familiar tinkle of a man peeing. Her goddamn hand never stopped, just sliding gently, softly along his length, teasing and working him as he stood trapped both by her and the other man in the cubicle. He wanted to kick her, to make her stop, to do something - but he couldn't. Any action at all would make noise, and what could he do anyway? Push her off him, hand still grasping his cock, her here only to do him a service at her own risk? Or perhaps grasp her arm and move her away, no doubt only so that she could reach for him again, or perhaps touch something else with the hand that now had at least a little of his lubricating pre-cum on it? He could hardly storm from the cubicle, pants down as he was, erect and slick cock swinging as a woman walked after him. No - like it or not, he was in the best place he could be, and the consistent, loving stroking surely reinforced that idea.
He held on as long as he could, listening in desperation for the other man to finish. He did, flushing and exiting the cubicle. Then, a few moments later, the tap turned on and the soap dispenser crackled.Of all the men to come in right now,he thought to himself as that goddamn hand slithered over his helmet once more and down again, twisting gently with each pull,it has to be a guy who actually bothers to wash his hands properly.Eventually, paper towels were pulled from the receptacle, and then footsteps rang out as the unknown man walked to, opened, and exited through the door.
The second it closed, the hand around him sped up, and he moaned meekly, muffled beneath her grasp. 'Good boy,' she soothed again, 'so good. Just let me control everything. Let me work you. Let me make you...' Her words trailed off as she stroked him, her hand going faster and faster. He could feel his own wetness now, feel his lubrication coating her hand and his shaft as it sped up, his arousal causing more and more to emanate from him, aiding the process. He didn't care; he felt too good. Panting into her hand, he stared into the tiled wall, his eyes focused yet not seeing as he gave himself into her touch completely. The hand sped up again, now working him rapidly, rushing from tip to base, pumping along his length faster and faster, working him harder and harder, vibrating as he built beneath her, his balls beginning to tingle as his load welled just beneath the surface. He glanced down - he couldn't help himself - and saw his cock, thick and red and thoroughly engorged as it began to pulsate, the first sign of the end. '...Cum for me.' Her soft, sultry voice ordered.
A few strokes later, his eyelids fluttered and squeezed half-shut as the slick hand rippling along his hard manhood drew him up to and over the edge, tightening around him so that he could feel the pressure in it as the first wad of semen rushed up inside him and pumped from his end. He shuddered, fingernails bending into the tile beneath his open palm on the wall as he came, his ejaculation in her hand glorious and intense. For a few moments, he just bucked gently in her arms, jerking as he came, his semen dripping down into the open bowl below. He squeezed his eyes shut, his mind wholly focused on the woman touching him, rapt in bliss as he unloaded. Then, he crested the peak and tipped into a rhythmic pumping, his cock throbbing gently as his load escaped him through her fist. She just kept stroking him, working him as he came, helping to milk him, her touch sensual and tender.
It took a few minutes, but eventually he rode down the high and started to soften, his now spent cock still gently pulsating as his orgasm subsided. Slowly, tenderly, he felt the pressure behind him lessen, the hands around his body slipping away, releasing his slick cock and dry mouth. When the hand over his face retreated, he let his lips part and sucked in air that way, moving his dry mouth about to loosen it. When the hand removed itself from his cock, part of him yearned for it back, not caring if her touch could make him harden and cum again or not.
Slowly, once his last drop had emerged, he put his hand down to collect it, wiping it onto a sheet of toilet paper and turning to see the girl who had held him so close and stroked him into blissful orgasm, a grin forming on his face and the idea of a chastising, good-hearted jibe rising in his mind.
Only there was no one there. He was quite alone in the toilet stall.
Ten minutes later, returning to his desk, a freshly-cleaned and once more softened penis stashed away in his pants along with a generous helping of absorbent toilet paper between it and his underwear, the spent man sat down at his desk and took stock of himself. It took a bit, but eventually he sucked in a deep breath and regathered himself enough to turn to his computer and type out his password, the intention being to get back to his work. As he did so, however, he noticed his phone, face-down on the desk by his keyboard. Pausing, he picked it up, unlocking the screen. His last-used application greeted him. It was his text messaging app, and on it was a text conversation with his girlfriend, his cute and tomboyish partner with fiery orange hair and abs bigger than his, a great set of tits and every inch his height to her - perhaps even more if she wore heels, though that was a rarity, if a sexy one.
He frowned; he couldn't remember texting her today. Although he usually did most days, often it was about something menial or average day-to-day conversation, and usually not something he kept in his mind or on his phone after he'd read it.
He looked at the texts.
Go to the toilets.She had said at the top of the visible page. She had sent several in a row.Be quiet. Don't make too much noise. We wouldn't want anyone else to hear you.
He blinked, his eyes widening as he read her texts.Good boy. Very good boy.That's it. Just let it happen. Let me make you feel good. Ssshhhhh...Good boy. so good. Just let me control everything. Let me work you. Let me make you. Cum for me.
And even as he was reading these, she was texting him again - one new message arrived as he reached the bottom of the page. Perhaps she had known he had opened his phone - or perhaps she just had fantastic timing.Good boy,her message said.So good for cumming at my command.His cock stirred, already hardening beneath his desk as he read her new messages, appearing before his eyes. By the time her next arrived, he was hard again, throbbing gently from the recent ejaculation but stiff enough to go for round two.
Scroll up, toy.Her message said.Read from the top again. From my message half an hour ago.
He did so, scrolling a little further up, past the place he had read from after sitting down just a few moments earlier. More of her texts appeared, until there was a gap - the pair hadn't messaged each other for a period of time before this, and so it had naturally spaced out their conversations so as to differentiate the different times.
It's time,she had said.I want you to read my messages below and obey me. Your body already knows what to do. Just let me guide you. Let me take control of you. Let me make you feel so good.His cock throbbed as he read, and he was glued to the phone even from the first few words. By the time he reached the bottom of this page, he could think of nothing but her words. He scrolled down slightly.
You're hard for me. You need me. I will touch you. I will help you. I will make you cum for me.He wanted that; needed that. His hard-on yearned for it. Distantly, he had begun to remember this - remember something just like this happening earlier, about half an hour ago, sitting here in his office chair, reading her texts. He remembered growing needy, remembered wanting to do as she said. As he read on, a vague memory of someone else disturbing him came back - something about running into someone in the corridor, or perhaps in the kitchen. He remembered softening as he walked, softening as he had farewelled the colleague, headed past them to the toilets. He remembered...Go to the toilets.
Blinking, he put down his phone and stood, suddenly feeling the need to visit the bathroom. Opening his office door, he left and strode towards the rear of the building, mind set on stepping into a cubicle.
He had no idea what effect his girlfriend's words had over him, and he wouldn't; not until she grew bored of using him in this way, programming him to respond as she wished to her commands. Perhaps she would change his orders, or make him do something different - that was for her to decide. She would make him do anything she desired - all she had to do was put him under her spell and say the word.
All he knew for the moment was that, as he stepped into the cubicle and closed the door, withdrawing his cock to pee, a ghostly set of hands was slithering over his body, wrapping around him, forcing him to be silent as she began to stroke him, her ghostly image filling his mind and encircling his cock, a hand that was not there stroking him faster, faster, faster still, until he once more ejaculated in bliss for her. Just as she desired.
END