CH1
One of the nice things about being a nerd is you usually don't give a shit what others think of you. You have heard it all from them and your skin has gotten fairly thick. I knew mine was. Oh, I'm David Lesore, yeah, a French grandparent or great or something. Anyway, so the name did not help, Sore Ass, Sore Shit, French Fuck, yeah, I've been called it all. After a while you just ignore it, or you go mad. And I'm not planning on going insane any time soon.
So, anyway, there I am minding my own nerdy business, looking at a game on my phone, while taking a break from entering in data at the company I work at, and this vision walks up to my desk. I mean total OMG fucking vision. She was at least five feet four, C, drooling saying this, maybe D cup, athletic build with strawberry blonde hair that looked natural, not out of a bottle. About 25 or so, a couple of years younger than me. And I was her target, my desk, me, she wanted to talk to me.
"Sir, can you help me with this issue I am having on my computer. I understand you do that sort of thing" came from the visions mouth. Of course, I barely was registering, since I was falling out of my chair as I was trying to stand up. Upon standing I realize that she was affecting me slightly, Mr. Wood was trying to make himself noticed, so I kind of had to hunch to hide his appearance, which made it look like I was about to hurl, leaning over, mouth open, drool coming from my lips, dazed look in my eyes. Yea, definite hurl look.
The vision quickly backed up a step to clear a path of the impending hurl she saw coming and squeaked out "Yuck."
Moments go by while I am trying to collect myself, remember nerd, doesn't know how to talk to anything in this league. Not saying I'm not a great listener, I just usually say stuff like 'that's fucking stupid bitch' after being told something about how a mother is treating a daughter wrong or something like that. Not proud of it, but I blame my peers. I heard that from them whenever I said something similar, so I figured that is what is said in all instances. EEEHHH wrong answer.
Finally getting it together in front of the goddess, I lean back and slowly ask, "How I may help you miss?"
Seeing that I was not going to hurl but still worried that it was still possible, the goddess again asked about helping with her computer. About that time, she saw I was trying to hide my rising Woody which caused her to make a face and begin to turn away as if this was a huge mistake.
"Wait, please show me what you have going on, I can help, but I have to go to your workstation."
Another squeak "Okay" and still keeping her distance and thinking I am now a leper or pervert, the goddess turns and moves towards her cubicle and the computer there, keeping an eye back at me in case I tried to jump her or something.
Woody slowly went away but it was still ready for instant action from watching that ass walk in front of me. It did not move, it undulated. It shimmied. It rippled with every step. I tried really hard to not stare. I knew my job was on the line here. I was also working on excuses for how I greeted her, anything to allow me to keep her there in the cubicle while I was helping her, versus her bolting for security or my boss, I'm not sure which was worse.
Arriving at her cubicle, I saw the goddess' name was Jennifer Warren and that she was part of the chemical analysis team here. The cubicles have the name plaque with the few letters denoting area they worked in. Once you had been there for a while it was easy to figure out where someone worked from their plaque. Asking her to sit down I began asking her what she had been working on when the issue came up. "Ms. Warren, can you show me what you were doing, and I'll try to diagnose what you have the issue with."
"Yes, it was in this excel file, I was adding in these equations when it started popping up all of these questions about translations and such and won't add the equations for me to derive the analysis I am working on."
"This file you have open now?"
"Yes"
"May I sit and try for a bit and see what may have happened? And have you saved your work; in case we need to go back?"
"Yeah, its saved."
"Okay, let me sit there for a bit and I'll see what I can find. It usually is a result a miss entry or something running in the background."
Working my magic, I quickly found the issue with the file and got her equations entered for her.
"Thank you, sir."
"David."
"David, you helped a lot. I was considering restarting from this morning and that would put me way behind on getting this done before five tonight. And I'm sorry about my looks earlier, but I thought you were distressed or something."
"Jennifer, I apologize, you caught me with gum in my mouth and I swallowed it standing up and had a bad reaction to doing that. If you have any more problems, you know where to find me. Have a nice day."
Lying is not bad, right? I mean it was only to keep me from crashing and burning. So, I hope lightning doesn't smite me as I am riding my bike home. Returning to my desk I finished up my work and left for the day. I usually leave around four because of needing to ride my bike, as in bicycle to work and home. Cars and bikes are still not friendly out there and beating the rush hour traffic is the way to go. It made it a drag getting there earlier than most people, but it also kept me in shape, three miles one way to work on city streets, not too shabby I thought.
What I did not know was that Jennifer showed up in my cubicle about forty minutes after I left. She had more problems and was hoping for more help and did not know enough people yet to give her a hand. The company we work for has an IT department, they try, but their main focus is the servers we have. They don't have computer support knowledge per se, they could talk you through how to install software and such, but getting into the programs we use every day, not too much. Hence the reason why my name keeps coming up around the area whenever someone's computer crashes. There have been a few times when I've had to talk to my boss about that, needing to make sure she let everyone know my priorities, whether it was fix computers that day or get the area data entered for the different projects we had ongoing. She was okay to talk to about that kind of shit and understood when I had to 'help' someone out. It was part of my unwritten job description. You know the one where you also need to get coffee for the boss or hold Joe blow supervisor's hand while he is working with a program because Joe can't tie his shoes but is the boss of twenty people. Yeah, those job functions.
Anyway, I get home and go about my normal Thursday night stuff, D&D online with some friends, watch a couple of shows and crash. Being to work by six thirty makes jack a sleepy person by ten. Arriving on Friday morning I find a note on my computer 'Please come back and help me on my computer when you get in, looks like same problem. Jen'. I wander over to her cubicle, but she is the normal eight to five crowd. I sit down and look around her cube. She really has not much here. Some charts and company shit on the walls. A picture of what looks like a sister on the desk. Nothing else. I don't remember anything on her computer screen, but really didn't have time to see much yesterday, so no help there to see who this goddess is. I touch her keyboard and her computer boots up without the normal login. 'What?' I ask myself. This is usual only when the person is not employed here, maybe an intern or such. But most interns don't get a name plaque, if any do. Curiouser and curiouser. I open the file and again find the issue quickly, fix it and save the fixes. I then go in and try to find out what is causing the issue and find someone had dumped a macro onto her excel file that with certain keystrokes, usually common ones in this case, it would load the macro and try to run it. I disabled the macro and checked my work. Finding no more issues, I resaved everything and then shut down her computer again and went to get to work on my stuff. I tend to get a ton done before eight, no one around to bug me. My boss loves it.
As I was in mid entry, I felt a presence again next to me looking over my shoulders. I froze and looked. The goddess Jennifer had returned. She was demurely smiling at me. "Thank you, David, I know it was you, right?"
"Yeah, sorry I wasn't around yesterday and that I didn't get it fixed completely the first time."
"No problem, it is fixed now. Right?"
"Yep, found a macro you were trying to run, that should not have been there."
"Okay, again thanks. Maybe I can get that analysis done before the weekend. I need a break."
"If you don't mind me asking, but are you an intern or something?"
"Sort of" she said and smiled.
I sat there smiling at her awaiting for the rest of the story, I can be patient now and then. I learned it in all the strategy games I play.
"Aren't you going to ask" Jennifer said after a few moments of awkward pause had drawn out.
I smiled and said, "yes" was all, again trying to get her to tell instead of me asking for the full story, again patient.
Again a few moments went by before Jennifer gave in and smiled wickedly at me like I had won the round, "I was an intern but was hired after my internship ended and work here in the chemical analysis lab. I have actually only been an employee about two weeks. But have been working here about six months, but most of the time in the fabrication area."
"See that was not so bad, now was it. I am happy you are working here Jennifer. Feel free to grab me anytime. I am the unofficial areas computer expert. And I apologize about not being here when you left the note, but I need to beat the traffic on my bike getting home. So, my hours are six thirty to four. Just something I worked out with my boss. She knows I'm here early and can help the floor, fabrication floor, early on getting their data into the system which then allows the management crowd to have the data they need before their morning meetings on production.
"No, David, I understand. And I really appreciate all of your help" changing gears slightly, she turns her green eyes and leans her head slightly, "you ride your motorbike here every morning?"
"No, sorry, bicycle, not motorized. Helps with my cardio."
"Really, I love biking. Do you do any trail riding or just road?"
"Both usually, whatever I can get away with on the weekends. Why"
"I love riding trails but have not found anyone to do it with yet. Would you be interested sometime?"
"Tell me where and when, I'm there. Except Monday through Friday, momma needs rent money" I flamboyantly tried to answer.
Giggling at my response Jennifer replied, "I'll keep that in mind. I have something planned for Saturday but am free on Sunday. I heard about the Wallace Hills trail and was wondering if I wanted to take it on."
When she said Wallace Hills, my eyes shot wide open. Those are for serious riders. Not amateurs. "That would be fine, but that trail is not for the faint of heart. You may need to work your way up to that" I said trying to warn her of the obvious issues in case she wanted to change her mind.
"You don't think I can do them; you don't think I am strong enough" she said sticking out her D, yes definitely, D cup breasts at me.
Throwing my hands up in surrender, "No, just offering caution for someone who may be unaware of the issues on that trail. It is twenty-five miles of undulating hills and lots of places to break down. Most people make sure they have more than two people when they go and lots of supplies for breakdowns and food and such. I've ridden it several times and made sure to take care when I do. That is all."
Deflating slightly, Jennifer looked away for a second and then looked back, "I'm willing to take the risk, if you are. I know my equipment and feel fairly competent that I can do that. I am still willing to try if you are. How about this, let's go look at it Sunday and if it looks like it is too much for me, we can find another trail. Fair enough?"
"Sounds good mademoiselle, I will await your arrival at my place on Sunday, let's say eight AM. That way we can get done and be back in time to rest up for next week."
"Wait, I'm picking you up?"
"Unless you want to ride your bicycle out there, yep. I don't have a car. I get around only on my bike. I usually either get a ride from friends or ride out there and meet them. Either way works for me."
Jennifer was beginning to raise her eyebrows at me now. She had never seen someone like this before, appeared to be a nerd, but quite obviously was into physical activity. I could tell that Jennifer was checking me out, probably rethinking her original notions, I hoped.
"Okay, I'll pick you up, but here. It is pretty much on the way for me to there on Sunday morning. Okay?"
Ah, the art of compromise. She does not want to know where I live. Fair enough. "Sounds good, see you here at eight Sunday. I'll lay out the grounds rules while we drive out there since I have been on the trail, and you have not. Like I said, some parts are almost expert level and need respect from anyone. Okay?"
"Sounds good. If I want to get out of here this weekend, I better get busy. See you later, David" Jennifer said, with an emphasis I thought on my name and a slight twinkle in her eye.
Now, don't get me wrong. I have dated before and had my fair share of women lovers; okay the count is on one hand, and you don't need to use your thumb. The idea that some dumb schmuck is going on sort of a date with a goddess, yeah rates up there on bullshit meter. I was still pinching myself. Like I said I was a good listener. That was the part which gained me one of those I counted on my fingers, I was discreet. You told me something in confidence, that is where it stayed. So, my going riding with Jennifer on Sunday was not a topic I brought up with my bros at work or at home. One; they wouldn't believe me and throw the bullshit flag. Two; I didn't really believe it. I figured I was going to get a call a little after eight with some excuse or other, Jennifer backing out. Three; she had to have a boyfriend, girlfriend maybe, out there who would promptly kick my ass if they found me playing around with her, even if it was purely innocent like this ride. Well, they would try to kick my ass, I did know a few things from growing up and having to defend myself and my name.
Friday ended with no visit or note from Jennifer. Saturday day, I hung out with friends and did typical nerdy things playing games and watching Sci-Fi or superhero movies. I went to bed thinking that I was going for a ride to work tomorrow just because I like riding and drifted off with thoughts of Jennifer causing me to have a hardon most of the night. I usually don't masturbate, not that there isn't stuff to do it to, just don't see the point.
Sunday morning, I am up and riding to work to be there at eight, the traffic is light, so I get there a few minutes before. I had brought my Bik-o-bag so I could have the supplies I knew we would need. Emergency medical, food, extra water, bike repair and such. I had gotten them cheap online and held everything watertight, which had saved my butt a few times, especially with work and the weather we get.
I am checking out my bike to make sure everything is okay, and a SUV pulls up next to me and the horn honks. "Morning David, you ready?" If I thought a goddess stepped into my cubicle this week, I was wrong, this was THE goddess of love and lust. Jennifer was wearing a tight bike outfit that left little to the imagination. I think I could have counted pubic hairs if I had the chance. I was hoping I would have a chance on the ride, as her oh so lovely ass undulated again up and down on the bike.
Snapping out of my shock, I say, "Wow. I want the name of your tailor, the person who picked out the outfit, and who are you?"
Jennifer broke up laughing, "silly, I bought it online. Let me help you getting the bike secured."
I dropped down and raised my bike with the bags which with the supplies weighed about 40 pounds and sat it on top of the SUV. Finding the latches, I locked the bike down and attached the tie downs. By the time I had finished Jennifer was at my side looking to help. "Wow, that was quick" she said looking at my arms. I am not Arnold, but after riding so much and having to do this frequently, I had developed enough muscle that this was nothing. I had a weight set at home that helped but I was not addicted to them like some people. I knew when to relax a little.
As we drove out to the trail, I explained to Jennifer the rules I expected of her. "If I say slow down, I mean it. We are reaching an expert area and you need to make sure of yourself. If you get too far behind me."
"Or ahead"
Smiling I said "Yeah, that too, if that happens, you or I will stop or slow down until the other is in sight and can reach each other in a moment or two. No going off on your own. When I say we need to take a break, we find a spot. That will be right before a real rough patch I know of, and I want us rested and had a chance at getting some energy and water. Other than those, I think we should be fine. Questions?"
"So, how far ahead is too far for me, I want to make sure I know when to slow down. And what pace do you usually set, average or hard?"
Pure unadulterated taunting. "Okay, Ms. Warren, I think you have it. I have total faith that you understand the rules and I expect you to follow them. Punishment will be swift and sure if not followed."
"Oh, you promise" Jennifer said pouting and then laughing. I laughed with her, really beginning to like this goddess. Again, I knew this was not going anywhere, but it was a fun ride while it lasts.
Arriving and setting up was done and we had started out. I set the pace to check Jennifer out, make sure she could back up the lip she had been giving me. It was my in-between hard and average pace which was a good one for the first part of the trail. After a few miles we reached a wide spot, and I offered Jennifer to take over and show me her stuff. She quickly sped past me and started hitting it hard. Her ass was again the only thing I was focused on, OMG was it perfect. I began to get hard again even though my bike was definitely not built for a hardon, which it quickly reminded me of, causing some pain. But I figured pain and pleasure were not bad now and then.
As we were beginning to get into one of more difficult sections I yelled out to Jennifer to slow down, which she did until we were past it. I then said, "okay, open it up" and that ass flew away from me. I had to puff a little to keep up with her, not even trying to catch. After a few minutes of this I saw her beginning to break, her breathing was somewhat labored but still it looked like she could go for a while longer. But I also knew there was a good spot, almost halfway, that we could pull over and get a quick break. "Jennifer, there is a wide spot up ahead, pull over there and we'll grab some water and a quick lunch."
I heard a "Okay" from her and shortly we were at the spot.
We rested and had water and I pulled out some energy bars. She had some in a fanny pack but thought mine looked better, "homemade. I make them up with fresh ingredients I either get at the farmers market or at one of the grocers locally."
Jennifer just stared at me as she ate and drank. "Just when I think I have you pegged; you say something else that blows me away. Everyone at work, and yes, I checked up on you, said you're a nerd. Every nerd I have ever met wears black and won't get his eyes above my chest. You look me in the eye when we are talking and talk to me, not mumble or throw expletives at me."
I smiled and realized that I had to raise my bar, otherwise I was about to show my nerd cred. "Jennifer"
"Jen"
"Okay, Jen, I am a nerd. Card carrying. I know Han shot first, how many different species inhabit middle earth, how much damage a good battle axe in D&D will do, and several other nerd qualification things. I also know how to fix most things on a computer and like my work. But I also have this side. I love riding. I love getting ready for these rides. If that means I need to take care of my body to do that, then I am all in. Searching the web to find recipes for organic energy bars, I am all over it. I... I don't know. I'll fall back on the onion symbol, man of many layers."
Smiling and chuckling at my nerd quips, Jen looked long at me. And I opened up my mouth. Too this day, I don't know why. That is the other side of me, I guess.
"So, what about you, my princess? Do you have layers? Or is everything out in the open, like what is below your eyes?"
"I'll tell you later" she whispered. "I think I want to just think about this for a while. And thank you for noticing what is below my eyes." With that she tore out of the break area we had stopped at and took off laughing. I had to quickly put stuff away and try to catch up, which worried me since I knew there was some rough spots up ahead.
"Jen, slow down" I yelled. All I heard was laughter. I yelled again, "JEN, SLOW DOWN OR ELSE!"
We had traveled a couple of miles by the time I began to see her again, several hundred yards in front of me just entering the hard part. I screamed "JEN!" as I saw she was going way to fast. I was pedaling for all I was worth. To try and catch up, I was using my gears like a pro, but I knew I had to slow down soon or else I was also going to be in trouble. Just then a dust cloud formed in front me, and a scream came back. Jen had tumbled trying to go around a corner and ran off of the trail into some brush.
I got to her as quick as possible and found her laying with her bike and parts of the bushes, kind of in a pretzel, all rolled in one. There was blood, but nothing spurting. I quickly did my best EMT imitation and helped her to get untangled and laid out on the forest dirt floor. "Okay, let me see what we have here." I said as I ran my hands over her skin, looking at the blood and bruises. I ran back to my bike and brought the bag with the emergency medical kit up to her and began using one of my rags that I wetted down with the water to wipe her down to make sure I didn't see any more damage.
Jen was moaning in some pain and was trying to hold her wrist. I told her to hold it in place and I'll get to it soon. Once I found nothing on her exposed front, I asked "do you feel anything under your shirt or pants that may indicate you are bleeding there?"
"My rib" she pointed to her side, in line with her breasts.
"Jen, I am going to have to raise your shirt to see it, okay?"
Shaking her head, she helped me to raise her shirt exposing her under boob and gash that was leaking fairly good. I dug into the bag and found some peroxide and iodine. I poured a little of the peroxide on the wound to help clean it and then sprayed the iodine to help with bacteria. Then slapped a compression bandage on it and found the tape and held the bandage in place.
During my ministration of the wound her shirt had rolled up exposing her breast completely, she had about a three-inch diameter areola and small finger size nipples that were flattened because of all of the pain she was in. Her breast was like a large orange, small grapefruit in size and look. I pulled her shirt back down and then asked her to roll over slowly so I could check her backside. I found some small wounds on her legs and lower back, but not anything that a band aid wouldn't handle. Slowly rolling her back, I began to check out her wrist, it looked either broken or severely sprained. I asked if she could bend it at all and she just whimpered. I began searching my bag to find anything I could make into a splint. I found my knife I kept in there for 'just in case' and figured that this was the time. I pulled some of the brush over and began cutting some straight branches into a makeshift splint. I first wrapped the wrist in an ace bandage and then began laying on the sticks of the splint before using my other bandage to wrap them to hold everything in place. I finished all of that up with some tape.
Leaving her with some water and more of my energy bars I went and looked at her bike. It was not totaled, just severely tweaked. I figured I could push it, once I fixed the front tire which had gone flat. She could ride on my bike as I walked us back to her car. I explained my plan to Jen as I fixed her tire. She nodded her head in agreement and then asked for something for the pain. I had some Tylenol but was hesitant. "Jen, I am worried about the drug interaction. I know you are in pain hon, but you need a hospital, and I am not going to get cell service out here until I get back to the car, at which point I might as well drive you to the hospital. They can give all of the pain meds you want. Do you think you are a tough girl, or not?"
Nodding her head, she looked at me and said, "I am your tough girl, David. Let me show you. And I have to tell you, thank you, oh my god, if I had listened to you, I wouldn't be here, I am so sorry." With that the flood gates opened up. I moved over and held her comforting her as much as I could, but I was also looking at the time because I knew I had several hours of walking to get to the car. Being over halfway I figured going forward was the easiest, it was more downhill. I already knew there was no shortcuts on this trail. Staying on it was the quickest and easiest path.
I gently pulled Jen up and helped her onto my bike and locked her feet in the pedals. She could sit up with me holding the bike and walking beside her. I put everything back away and we were off. I was hoping we would run into some one, this was a popular trail, but we must have hit the perfect weekend, no one passed us. Upon reaching the car several hours later, it was beginning to be late afternoon. I helped Jen into the passenger seat and put the bikes on top. I climbed in and tore out of there. I soon was trying to figure the best way to the hospital. Jen meanwhile was just sitting there. Every now and then she would wince at a bump or too sharp of a turn, throwing her arm around. Otherwise, she was a rock. She continued to cry, a tear every now and then, but no major blabbering of pain.
Upon reaching the hospital I helped her into the emergency room which is the same everywhere. We filled out the paperwork and waited a couple of hours. Once she was in a room, we waited a few more hours before seeing a doctor who quickly found she had a sprain and removed the splints and bandages and then began doing a complete examination of Jen. I figured I should excuse myself since I knew Jen was going to have to expose herself to the doctor, but she would not let go of my hand. I looked at her and she kept saying with her eyes, please stay. So, I did. The nurse came in and with my and Jen's help, we got her undressed and into one of those hospital gowns, with the nurse doing a more thorough examination, finding more cuts that needed cleaning and bandages. I found out that Jen had a landing strip above her pussy, almost blonde, so I figured she was a natural strawberry blonde.
When done, Jen had bandages on every appendage and the bandage wrap on her wrist. She also had had a drip in her arm for a couple of hours to replenish the blood they figured she had lost from the cut on her side that ended up needing a couple of stitches. When they looked to be done and we were sitting there, I asked, "Jen, who do you need to call? Your parents, siblings, friend, who?"
I found her phone and she called her mom, who began freaking out until Jen told her she was fine, she had a guardian angel help her, looking at me. I blushed and was unable to keep her eye. One of those 'aw shucks' kind of moments.
We were eventually checked out with notes for Jen to see her physician soon and to not go into work for a couple of days, let herself recover from the wounds and to take the pain pills they prescribed. I found a 24-hr prescription place and got those filled. I asked her where she lived so I could get her home. She told me but asked if I could stay the night, since she did not have anyone local, and she did not want to be alone tonight. I, of course, said "yes" and then had to text my boss that I was taking a sick day on Monday and that I would explain when I called her.
Arriving at her apartment, I helped her up the two flights and into her bed. I left her there to go grab the bikes and bring both of them up to her room to lock them up. I then got her prescriptions and let her begin to sleep. She said, "lay here with me until I fall asleep, please."
I did that and she held my hand until she was beginning to snore lightly. My goddess snores. I couldn't get the smile off of my face. I let go of her hand and began looking for some blankets and pillows to put on her couch. Once I had those set up and had made sure she was out and had the bedroom door open for just in case, I laid down and tried to figure out my feelings.
This goddess was really into me. I saw that. I was really into her, but I knew, KNEW, it couldn't be real. Or could it. I had never felt anything like this before and she seemed to be reciprocating it. Yeah, there was the Florence Nightingale affect but I think this was starting before then. I could not be sure, so I rolled over with lots of heavy thoughts and tried to sleep.
I kept waking up because of the unusual place and sounds and trying to sleep on a too short of couch. But somehow the morning came, I assumed so because I was awakened with a kiss on my cheek which kind of startled me and caused me to jump slightly, aligning my lips up with hers. She then proceeded to give me another kiss. This one had bells sounding and firecrackers popping without any open mouth tongue action. I reached up and began to pull her into me, extending the kiss. We finally came up for air and looked into each other eyes. A tear was forming in hers and I reached up and gently wiped it away with my finger, "No tears, mademoiselle, you are too beautiful for tears."
This caused her to chuckle and kiss me quick again before pulling back to a sitting position with her pushing me with her butt into my mid-section. The blanket I had found had fallen off in the night and I was in my boxers, and they were kind of disarrayed, my cock was sort of hanging out getting some open-air action. She glanced down at it and smiled and said, "you got to see my cunny, I deserve a viewing, I guess, and I like." She smiled.
You see the thing is, I know if you are reading this, then every character in these is porn star length, right. Well, I'm not. I'm not bad, just not porn star length. Now width, well, that may be a different story. I was about seven plus inches with about three plus across. I filled up the ladies I had slept with, not buried myself in them. But none, I mean none, complained about that. They actually praised me for reaching parts that no one had. Making them feel things that they had never felt before. So, they were not complaining about my package when they left me or didn't want to see me again. It was the rest of my life that they sucked.
Well, the next thing I know I feel some very delicate fingers stroking my cock while eyes that were beginning to fill with lust were burning holes into mine. What would you do? Yeah, I thought so. I proceeded to pull her down into a more passionate kiss and then things went sideways. You see, we both forgot about the little biking accident until Jen screamed in pain from me touching her bandage on her side. It was either that one or when she slammed her other wrapped injured hand that was not stroking my cock into my head to grab it to kiss me harder. Once either one of those happened, yep, all over she wrote.
I jumped back on the couch, and she fell off of the couch and that didn't help either. And then we were staring at each other and soon laughing or giggling or rolling with laughter, and screaming with pain, when Jen rolled wrong again, and restarting.
Not a bad way to wake up. Once we gathered ourselves, I helped her up and held her very carefully until we caught our breaths and then we really hugged. Not wanting to let the other go because of what that would mean. I wanted to feel her but was afraid to touch her for fear of causing more pain. She wanted to be hugged and to be intimate but couldn't be cause of pain. We slowly let each other go until we were only holding hands. Jen said, "I am going to try and take a shower. Will you help me put some of these bandages back on when I am done? I'll call when I need you in the bathroom."
I nodded my head and said, "I'll look for some breakfast food, and try to whip something up, okay?"
"Sounds good. I do have some omelet makings in the fridge, I like tomatoes and spinach."
Giving the thumbs up I walked towards the kitchen while she turned and went into the bedroom bathroom. I soon heard the shower running. I pulled together an omelet for her and was about to flip it when I heard, "David, can you help me?"
"Be right there, give me a sec" I flipped the omelet and set it off the burner until I got back.
Walking into the bedroom, I knocked on the bathroom door and she said "come in" so I entered and saw her sitting on the seat of the toilet naked, sort of, again. She had a towel around her head holding her hair. Otherwise, yep, D cups, three-inch areola, dime size nipples, landing strip, all hanging out and looking at me. I walked slowly to her, and she pointed to the stitches on her side and said, "its leaking, which I think is normal, can you put this bandage on along with the ointment they provided, please."
So, when your naked goddess asks you to move the mountain, you run find the bulldozer. I found the bandage and the ointment and began applying both. She then pointed to a few other that needed new band aids and I took care of those, until she pointed to a small scratch on her inner thigh, which she had widened her legs to show me. This of course opened up her butterfly to me which was slightly moist. Ah, who am I kidding, it was dripping its nectar. The seat had a puddle on it and was running down the outside of the bowl. I leaned in and looked at the scratch, rubbing it with my hand, which caused a moan to be emitted by my goddess. She then spread her legs more to give me a better view of the scratch where upon, I gave in. Remember, I am human, not a god, like her. I turned my head slightly and extended my tongue and lapped at her moist begging to be sucked lips. This caused Jen to lean back more on the toilet seat and just go rigid, she wanted more and was pretty much begging me to continue. So, again, only human here, I dove in, headfirst as it were. I began giving her a tongue bath like I was at a fountain after coming in from the desert. I don't know how long I was there, hour, two, don't care, neither did she. Her first orgasm happened within minutes, and it shook her to the core. Jen is not a screamer or a grunter, she loses control of her body when it is major. She began convulsing, almost, and nectar poured out of her cunt. I lapped like I was a dog at a water bowl. I needed that nectar; I needed it bad. I varied my approach and began attacking the clit and that only sent her into more convulsions and more nectar poured forth.
I was in heaven. The omelets, what omelets, forgotten. Her injuries, she'll get over it. I wanted nothing more than to eat my breakfast right there, right then. She was serving it up big time.
Finally, I felt my hair being pulled out, literally hair follicles were yanked from my scalp by Jen to pull me from my quest. I looked up to my goddess with questions, why my goddess, why. Let this lowly one serve you some more.
All I heard was "Fuck Me!"
Wanting nothing more than to serve my goddess, I picked her up off of that seat and turned and carried her into the bedroom, she had her arms wrapped around my neck and her legs crushing my abdomen, her cunt dripping onto my boxers. Laying the goddess down onto her bed, I extracted a few kisses while trying to reach down and get to my boxers, but her legs were still attached, holding them in place slightly.
"Jen, let go of me with your legs, otherwise I can't get my dick out and I can't do what you asked. Jen, Jen honey, Jennifer. Oh, my Goddess!"
The last bit was sort of yelled, which caused Jen to come out of her orgasmic induced trance she had been in, and her legs slammed open, exposing her cunt in all of its glory. Even her asshole was smiling at me, opening and closing in time with her cunt from all of the orgasmic convulsions still going on with her.
I dropped my underwear and grabbed them and threw them across the room and pulled my very hard cock up to line it up on the prize. Jen took a large inhale when she saw it fully engorged "Oh my god, get that in me now, I need it, I'll do anything to have it. Please get that in me. I'll be your slut, whatever you ask, Just Fuck Me with That Beautifully Large Cock NOW!" she screamed.
Not wanting to piss off my goddess, I moved forward, slowly inserting my wood into its new home. Jen just exhaled, her lungs pushing all of the air out of them, like my cock was pushing it out, until I hit full, my balls resting on her ass, our pubic areas smashed together. Where upon, Jen said, "now fuck me, please, I need it, please" and several other things, with other fucks in there and pleases. I did what my goddess asked and began my assault.
Now, I am normally a quiet fucker, meaning I don't talk dirty to the lady being fucked, I don't grunt and groan a lot, I don't do much other than the mission, pound my cock into that cunt. This time, I talked, not dirty too much, just questioning. "So, you like that do you?" which Jen responded with a nod and more expletives. "You want this cock? Well, you're going to have to earn it. It doesn't come out for just anyone and it especially doesn't cum in just anyone. You ready to earn my cum slut?" like I said not too many dirty words. Jen meanwhile was in hyper motion, grinding her pelvis and trying to move with me, shoving herself back into me when I eased on into her. I grabbed her legs to hold her in place.
"Don't move or this goes away."
"Yes sir."
"Sir huh, I think you can do better, or I walk out of here." And I stopped my motion, with just the head of my cock in her.
"FUCK! Anything sir, anything, please just fuck your slut. Please sir, fuck your slut."
"You know what to say, don't you slut?" Jen was really panting now, trying to focus but her cunt was taking over.
"Oh god, oh god, please. Huh, huh, what, what, fuck what."
"Who owns this cunt slut?"
"You do" Jen whispered.
"Who owns this ass slut?" I asked as I ran a finger along her rosebud, partially pushing into it as it widened again.
"Oh fuck, oh fuck, you do Sir" Jen was getting more desperate now.
I eased my cock slowly into her and said as I was doing this, "So if I own this cunt and this ass, do I maybe own..."
"Fuck, you own me, Master. I am your slut. I'll do anything for you, please Master, fuck your slut."
And I transformed. I don't know what exactly happened, but I knew this was right. I was her master, I owned her. I could ask her to do anything. I then began ramping up my pounding of her cunt, eventually all you could hear was butt slapping as we went to town. I would let out a "Yes" now and then as I slammed forward into my slut's cunt. I slowed and moved her legs along my chest to tighten up her already tight cunt and began slapping again. Again, all I heard was moans and expletives coming from Jen. One thing stood out though, more a whisper or a sigh than really saying it out loud, or not realizing she had said it out loud. "I'm owned, my Master owns me, he is my Master." Over and over a few times in between grunts and groans and moans.
I soon moved her legs again, pushing them back, opening her up wide. Jen's arms pulled her legs into a pretzel with her arms holding her legs almost behind her head. Her cunt and ass were pushed up, begging to be used. When I did this Jen in a daze told me, "Fuck your sluts cunt Master, take it, use it, own it. It's yours Master, no one shall ever have it again. I'm yours Master, tell me what you want. Anything Master" as I began really pounding her again. I was possessed. I was totally focused; I could not be denied.
Then something hit me. Was she protected? What if I came in her pussy, are we talking babies soon?
"Jen, honey. Are you on the pill or something?" I asked in between my slamming her cunt. I hoped I could pull out in time if she wasn't, or I was going to have to forgo too much more action where I was.
Jen nodded her head and tried to get out "I, uh. U, uh um. IUD."
"You have an IUD, Jen?"
"Yes, Mas uh, Master, I do."
I sighed in my head. I was not ready for the next step, but looking at my goddess, I wondered about it. It did not stop me from increasing my pounding. Soon all you heard was grunts, groans, moans, and fucks coming from both of us. I am not super-cock-man so I couldn't keep this up for too long. But it did seem like hours. We were both dripping sweat, Jen had puddles forming in her belly button, a nice one that had a hole in it for what I assumed was a belly ring or something similar.
After what again seemed like forever, Jen had had so many orgasms they were running into each other. Her bed was a mess from all of the bodily fluids she and I were creating. And I was getting tired, my back was going to feel this tomorrow. I knew I did not mind pushups but doing hundreds or similar in an hour was pushing my limit. Also, my balls were letting me know 'Yo, you ready? We are' so I began cumming buckets. It was soon running out around my cock as I kept slamming into Jen. This pushed Jen over again and she came as well, her nectar mixed with mine and we really should have thought of towels before starting this. She may need to replace the mattress from all of the fluid we created.
I collapsed onto her, still in her pretzel form. She was moving her head to try to kiss me. To force her tongue down my throat. She was now possessed with thanking me and moaning in my ear. I laid on her for a while but was soon realizing I was going to fall asleep if I did that. So, I rolled off and helped untangle her so she could stretch out.
Once she was laid out, I covered her because she quickly drifted off back to sleep. I knew if I laid down, I was done till tonight and I needed to get some stuff done if I wanted to go to work tomorrow. I found the bathroom shower again and got cleaned up. When I came out, my goddess was lightly snoring again. I was chuckling as I made sure she was covered and that not sleeping on the wet spot. I found a towel and tried to soak up some of it and left another there to continue its job.
I found my clothes from yesterday and got dressed. Then I went out into the kitchen and finished making her omelet, putting it in the refrigerator. I then wrote a note and left it on her kitchen table.
'Jen, I hope you are okay. Don't be afraid to call in tomorrow. I'll get word to your boss about what happened, I need to talk to mine anyway. I'll have her talk to yours. I had a wonderful time. It really, really was. Please call me tonight if you wake up and feel like before nine, a boys got to get his beauty sleep. If not, please come see me when you are back to work. I think we need to talk.
David'
I pushed my bike out and slowly rode home, navigating the noon traffic. I called my boss and asked her to contact Jen's boss. Giving her some of the specifics, bike ride, Wallace hills, accident, cuts bruises sprains, walk out, hospital until one AM, sleeping on Jen's couch since she had no one local to help with bandages. I thought I got what was needed out. I finished up what I needed to do around the house and went to bed around nine. No call from Jen, but was not too surprised, she was out when I left her place.