'Oh my God..' I gasped as I collapsed on my bed after a round of heavy masturbation. But unlike most college-going guys of my age, I was jerking off to my own Mother's pictures. I have several of my personal favorites. Currently, the one I was jerking off to showed her tight body in a skimpy red bikini. Her voluptuous enhanced assets jutted out. You can make out her erect nipples from the outside of her bikini. Her cleavage and whole body were well oiled for the shoot. The tattoo at the small of her back in between two dimples looked absolutely delicious.
For the past few months, this has become my favourite hobby. Not only her pictures or online content but other stuff too. We shall get to that later.
To begin with, my single divorced mother, Mrs. Alicia Austin is quite famous over the Internet. You may know her by her stage name: MILF Reyna Shaw, or simply, MILF Shaw. She also goes by the name of Goddess Reyna Shaw when she is shooting her dominatrix videos.
This is the story of how she got started in the business and how she kept on discovering her fetishes and continued to progress through the adult industry.
This started about 1 year ago when I was in the 2nd Grade of my College. My mother was then just a regular soccer mom, working in the local departmental store. I must admit here that I am not well endowed physically. I am just like a regular teenager. People often wondered if I was actually my mom's son.
She regularly practised yoga and went to the gym and already had a very well-toned body, considering she was 46. Her breasts were then a modest 34B and her butts were moderately large. Not really well endowed. But she had a very pretty face and seductive eyes.
Her straight jet-black hair accentuated her good looks. Enough to make any man fall for her. Needless to say, she has had many propositions but chose not to accept most. She did go on a few dates on and off, but none would work out.
A year ago, she opened her social media account on the website "Pictacity". In fact, I was the one who helped her open it. Once there, she would post some regular pictures of her. Initially, the profile went by her original name. She would hardly get around 80 to 100 likes per photo and had a modest following of 500 people, which was mainly a closed account. Most of whom she knew though.
I remember going to the beach with her during that time and I had clicked some good pictures of her. The sunset pictures perfectly captured her beauty and her bikini-clad figure. To be honest, she was quite shy wearing a bikini back then.
It just baffles me how fast time flies and how quickly things can change for someone.
Few days after she posted our beach photos on Pictacity, it garnered around 200 likes. But what happened next was she received a DM from a Professional Model Photographer who wanted to take her pictures.
Mother was very reluctant at first and extremely skeptical. She even discussed with me what to do. Probably that was the last time she asked me something she should do. Because after the shoot, it was a roller coaster ride for her and her career.
I don't know the exact details of that shoot, but I remember Mom coming back home that night very anxious. She poured herself a large glass of wine and sat down to talk with me.
I asked nervously, 'Hey mom, how did it go?'
'It went so-so honey. The photographer really captured all my profiles so well but he was not at all satisfied with the results.'
'Why, what went wrong?'
'Honey, how can I explain it to you. It's just that they feel I am not well endowed enough for the shoot. I mean, they said I am pretty and all, but I really don't make the cut.'
'What do you mean, mom? You look perfect.'
She smiled weakly. 'Anyway honey, today I met some really influential people. They were really impressed with my shoots and poses and wanted to give me a complete makeover. So, they have asked me to head over to Las Vegas for around 1 month. To live and work there in their company, called Dirty Angels. I suppose I will take the offer.'
Dirty Angels, hearing the name of it made my dick twitch. It was one of the foremost production houses of online adult content and their role was to make a simple regular woman into one of their busty bimbo angels. From plastic surgeries to behavioral training. Making a woman reach her true potential, they would say.
I gulped, 'Sure mom, whatever you say.'
She reached out and kissed me on my forehead gently. 'You shall do fine son. It is just a matter of one month. I really do not want to miss this opportunity.'
She left the next morning and that was the last time I saw my mother in her previous state. Because of what happened in the next 1 month in Las Vegas, stayed in Las Vegas.
I could talk to her very little. She had been so busy. I kept on calling her and she kept ignoring them. Once or twice did she pick up but she was either too drunk or partying at a club. The background music was too loud and I couldn't hear her properly. She did leave me some texts though from time to time.
Now comes the big reveal.
1 month after mom left, I happened to open the Pictacity page of Dirty Angels and was stunned at what I saw. The photograph had been posted few hours before and had already gained many likes and lewd comments.
It read, introducing our latest angel: MILF REYNA SHAW.
There were a set of my mother's current sultry pictures taken at Las Vegas outskirts.
My mother was barely recognizable. The pictures instantly gave me a raging hard-on.
She had at least undergone 4 to 5 plastic surgeries, including a boob job, a nose, and lip job, a butt lift as well.
Her lips looked so full and voluptuous. As if they were designed to suck on cocks.
her boobs looked so round and perfect. They were almost a size 34D now.
Her belly looked perfectly toned while the most distinguishing feature was her ass.
The butt lift had really made them perfectly curved. It looked so smooth. Anyone would love to put their face in them for hours.
She had dyed her hair blonde and you could still see the strands of her previous black hair which made her all the very sexy.
She was wearing one of the skimpiest bikinis ever, perfectly white in colour. It has the logo of her company Dirty Angels written all over it.
I found lots of other Pictacity thots with slutty pictures have shared her brand new profile link and requested to follow her. Her current following was 34k and I could bet it would increase exponentially. I quickly opened a fake Pictacity account and started to follow her instantly.
She had posted two photos yet. One of them was in a tight black mini dress, standing in front of the casino. The other was a group picture with other members of Dirty Angels. Each of the women and girls was busty bimbos. Their individual profiles were simple enough to make a man bust his balls. The girls hugged each other but the center of attraction was my transformed busty mom.
It also contained another photo as I swiped right. The Angels were having a crazy party by the pool. My mom was just laying there, half-naked, leaving little to the imagination while the other girls funnily tried to grope and ride her.
That night I jerked off at home letting my fantasies run wild. My own mother has been transformed into a busty bimbo MILF.
The very next day I opened the door in the morning to see my mother standing in the doorway. She came and gave me a tight hug. She was wearing tight shorts and a body-hugging tank top, again with the Logo of Dirty Angels. All of that really made her look real slutty.
She gave me the tightest hug and my face was almost smothered by her big tits.
'So glad to see you, baby!'
I said, 'Mom, you look so... different!'
'Amazing right, the surgeons really knew what they were doing.'
After she settled in, she told me bluntly, 'See son, I am going to become a full-time model for now. I already have been contacted by few agencies and have accepted a couple of offers. They are just going to be regular work, but it is so hectic that I had to keep Richard. He is my Secretary. He will handle all my dealings and payment and work from Las Vegas and San Francisco. We just get to make more money and I happen to get all the fun working right here at home.'
Suddenly the doorbell rang.
Mom excitedly jumped up, her boobs and ass jiggling simultaneously. 'Aaaand... that must be Dan, the photographer. Baby, I have a shoot today. Mommy will be late. Don't wait up for me.'
Things began to really take a turn from there. She did countless shoots with many
photographers there onwards. Bikini-clad, sexy cosplay, dominatrix, you name it, she has done it. My favorite ones are where she dressed up like Maleficent and Lady Dimistrescu. Really the features of a dominatrix go well with her get-up. When she wore the red and black latex and stood like a stern matriarch with a whip in her hand, my mind always went fuzzy with pleasure. The tight latex dress perfectly complemented her ass. Her boobs almost seemed to spillover from the tight dress.
Soon her Pictacity profile got filled with numerous slutty images of hers. All in different poses. Some highlighting her boobs, some highlighting her ass. The really tightly clad bikinis also showed off her cameltoe pussy. Her subscribers increased by leaps and bounds. There were so many DMs and so many requests.
Her pictures were so erotic. You can literally make out her perfectly shaved pussy underneath her tight bikinis. Her erect nipples literally stand out in the whole photo. Her ass shots are the ones I end up cumming on. Especially the small tattoo on her back makes me want to grab her ass, squish my face in and lick it clean.
Her big pouty lips would make anyone want to put their dick inside her mouth and forget about the world.
She finally opened up a paid adult website, where she would solely make custom videos for her fans. She would post snippets of the scenes in her Pictacity, teasing her fans but you have to buy the whole scene from her website. Little did she know that I was a faithful fan who literally bought and saw her every scene. I was doing it with her money anyway. The taboo of following Mom's paid adult website with her own money.
It was THE FIRST time I was seeing my mother naked. Although her Pictacity photos left really very little to the imagination, still this was out of the world. Her pussy was literally perfect. They were so pink and her clit was quite big indeed. So big that you can suck on it when it is erect literally. Both her pussy lips culminated perfectly into the big clitoris. I can bet she also got a pussy-job in Las Vegas. The ones where they make it pretty and tight.
As she rammed the dildo deep inside her every time, I could feel a shiver run down my spine. She moaned in ecstasy. And she was probably the best dirty talker ever. Pulling the wet dildo out from her pussy I found her sucking it dearly with her big blown-up lips. All her red lipstick got slathered over the dildo. As she smiled satisfyingly at the end of the scene and said in her seductive tone, 'Enjoying yourself, big boy?'
I could not help but cum thinking she was directly talking to me.
Each scene she shot was more lewd and raunchy than the previous ones. She performed solo mainly. She would wear a skimpy tight outfit and will do as demanded. Sometimes she would be submissive and drive a dildo up her wet pussy, sometimes she would dress up like a schoolgirl and talk dirty, sometimes she would give Jerk Off Instructions, sometimes she would do Small Penis Humiliation. Sometimes she would put on a fake dildo and try to humiliate someone. But she really had a thing for black cocks. Most of her dildos were black in color and while talking dirty she often mentioned how much a black dick would satisfy her.
Needless to say, MILF Shaw soon became very famous in a very short span of time.
Meanwhile, there was a huge change in our lifestyle. We moved to a stylish villa, I took the upper floor while mom decided to take the entire ground floor.
She would receive tons of packages from different companies. Most of them were for bikini tryout hauls, which she posted on her Insta account. Some were suspicious which I felt she was too embarrassed to open in front of me.
So one day while she was away I decided to sneak into her room. Of course, she left it unlocked. I was enthralled by her collection of lingerie and other outfits. There was a whole section for nylon stockings and pantyhose.
When I reached the last drawer, it was then that I literally almost cummed in my pants. There were almost a few dozen sex toys. Hitachis, different types and shapes of dildos, especially black ones, you name it. My mom really knew how to pleasure herself.
I picked up one of her dildos I recognized back from her videos and smelled it deeply. The smell got my head reeling. I just could not control myself. I got up on my own mother's bed, her used dildo in hand and I quickly grabbed some of her panties and latex dress. I wrapped the panties around my dick and put the latex dress on my body. I jerked myself off for hours thinking about her, smelling her pussy. Imagining what it would be like to savor her holes. I had the most satisfying orgasm ever as I cummed inside one of the lingerie. I disposed of it quickly and put everything back in place. Surely she wouldn't miss just one lingerie from her huge collection.
As I would soon realize, for mom, pleasuring herself with toys was not enough.
Since Las Vegas and her body transformation, her lust had also grown extremely. She needed to have hardcore sex with a minimum of a couple of men almost every day. I overheard this conversation from upstairs once when her best friend, Regina had come to visit her.
'You seem to be doing pretty good, Alicia. So tell me about those parties you attend after every shoot?'
Mom replied, 'Oh Regina, you would not believe how many simps are there online who would pay me just to see me naked and talk dirty to them. As for the parties, don't get me started on them really. They are so much fun. There is alcohol everywhere, the finest ones. And men, so many hot good looking men. They turn into full-on orgies, you know I feel like a Goddess in those parties. It is as if they all want to fuck me. And I allow them to. It has become an addiction for me. Like a craving. Ever since Las Vegas. I just cannot have enough of those cocks. I love how the men surround me at parties, sometimes I do as they ask. I get down on my knees and suck the hell out of them with these dick-sucking lips. Sometimes I let them suck off my feet while I have two other guys lick my pussy and asshole clean. But problem is that I need sex every day. I need at least two thick hard cocks to satisfy me every day.'
Mom continued, 'The thing is that I have a no guy policy at home with my son, and I also don't bring my work to home. Also, it is a little embarrassing for me to bring different men to our house on different days. No matter if mommy decides to use them as fucktoys, but my son probably will feel a bit ashamed. So I do all my sexual escapades and live my fantasies outside.'
I thought to myself, 'Now I realize why she stays out so late and returns home in the morning utterly exhausted.'
Regina jumped in excitement, 'Tell me more. Do you have any memorable experiences or so?'
'Tonnes. Getting doubly penetrated is a regular thing for me now. I like to stuff in as many dicks inside me as possible. The ecstatic feeling I get when all my holes are plugged. And men love this body. But I must admit, I am a real black cock lover. You know they say, once you go black, you never go back. That's how it is. Black dicks stretch my pussy so much, I orgasm every damn time. I love being a black cum bucket. Or else after every bukkake or sex with other small dicks, I cannot climax. I have to come back home and fuck my pussy sore with the dildos and hitachis to achieve the same pleasure.'
Hearing all these really made my cock erect and I wanted to jerk off right there above stairs. But I somehow controlled myself.
Regina was almost drooling by this point of time.
She asked, 'Can you please take me to one of your parties later?'
Mom giggled, ' Surely babe, imagine all the fun we will have milking those horny dicks.'
Regina asked, 'Any upcoming new projects you are excited about.'
'Sure there are. As you know I have been doing I am really planning to up the ante this time. I am going to film my first Girl-Girl sex scene. The young chick is really sexy and I shall be dominating the fuck out of her. Thinking about filming the scene has got me so horny already.'
Regina asked teasingly, 'Then when shall be your Boy-Girl scene be coming out Alicia?'
'I don't know. Maybe when I feel ready for it. But my real fantasies are doing an actual Gangbang and Bukkake on camera. I am already doing those plenty in real life, but filming it on camera and watching it, later on, is such turn-on.'
These scenes are the ones that I too shall be looking forward to, Mom.
Note to Readers: Please send me feedback and I plan to expand this universe. This is just the beginning of the journey of our social media MILF.