I arrived home a little after ten and stepped out on my balcony to have a smoke. The air was cooling and I was sure the next morning would be crisp and clear. Glancing down and across at Kay's apartment a warm glow of lights shown through her drawn drapes.
I thought about calling her but decided not since it was after ten and I figured she'd be turning in shortly. I was just about to drop my cigarette in the coffee can I used as an ash tray when I noticed her drapes move a little.
Kay slipped through the material and stepped to the railing of her balcony. Her hands moved up to her lips and for an instant the glow of flame reflected off her face. She was having a cigarette before bed.
I decided to have another. Kay tilted her head to expel the smoke from her lungs and as she did I lit my smoke drawing her attention to my balcony.
She didn't acknowledge my presence but I was certain Kay knew I was watching. It appeared that she was wearing a two piece pajama set pants and a button up night shirt. A full moon provided enough light that I could see it was a delightful floral print.
Kay took a second drag on her cigarette and then placed her hand on the railing holding the smoke between two sexy fingers. Her free hand slid up across her belly and cupped one soft breast.
Kay knew I was watching and I knew she was about to give me something to watch. Kay took another drag on her cigarette then reached out over the edge of her balcony and flicked it toward the street. I watched as it tumbled down and landed with a splash of sparks in the gutter. I'd have to remind her about littering the next time we met.
While I was distracted for a moment by the fall of her smoke Kay had brought her other hand up and was now massaging both lovely breasts through the fabric of her night shirt. Her finger tips tweaking tight nipples between slow circular motions of her palms around the complete breast.
Kay never looked up toward me but she knew that until she slipped back through the drapes I wasn't going anywhere.
Very slowly Kay unbuttoned her night shirt starting at the top and working her way down. As the last button opened she drew the material out and around the sides of her lovely full breasts. Her delicate fingers circled each warm orb making smaller and smaller circles until she could use just one sexy digit to draw tiny circles around her taut nipples.
The soft moon light reflected off her creamy flesh as Kay moved both hands to one lovely full breast and lifted the hard nipple toward her extended tongue. The moist tip flicked seductively at the hard flesh and I thought I heard a soft moan from across the street.
The other soft full breast received the same treatment and after she moistened that nipple with her tongue she dropped her arms and used them to press the pair together. Her flesh glowed in the soft moonlight and I stared intently as her little bed time show continued.
I watched as she moved one hand back up to cup a soft breast and the other slipped under the waist band of her pants. I knew that my imagination would have to provide the images of where that hand moved and what it touched but I was okay with letting my imagination run wild.
Her head tilted back as delicate fingers found the hard nub of her clit while she softly massaged one breast. I imagined her sexy fingers slipping beyond her vulva and dipping deep into her moist honey pot.
My eyes were glued to what they could see and my mind filled in the details of what I couldn't.
Her soft hand continually moved from one full breast to the other rubbing the fullness of each then sexy fingers tweaked each erect nipple.
I could see her pants moving in front but the fabric kept the details hidden. Judging from the way Kay tossed her head back and forth I imagined that the hidden hand was bringing her closer and closer to orgasm.
She eventually gave in to her lust and moved the hand that had been caressing her breasts inside her pants joining the other to pleasure her hot pussy.
I definitely heard a louder moan just before Kay turned around and leaned hard against the iron railing throwing her head back she groaned deeply as her soft delicate fingers brought on her orgasm. Her body shook with pleasure and she tossed her head side to side rich red hair flying everywhere. Her movement slowed and I knew the self induced orgasm was subsiding. I saw one delicate hand slip from beneath her pants but the other was hidden from my view. Without ever looked toward me Kay slowly walked forward and disappeared between the fabric of her drapes.
I stood there for a few minutes hoping she'd return but eventually the dim glow of light from behind her drapes disappeared and I knew she had retired.
I went back inside and did the same covering the huge wet spot on my bed with a couple bath towels.
As I suspected Friday morning dawned crisp and clear a preview of the autumn season that was just around the corner. My morning coffee tasted especially good as I relaxed sipping from my favorite mug on my balcony.
The events of the previous day ran through my mind. Francine had turned out to be an awesome lover sandwiched between an incredible morning blow job and the bed time exhibitionist show that Kay provided. I was certain I wanted to have these two lovely vixens at the same time.
Friday is casual day in our office and I slipped on a pair of jeans and a cream colored sport shirt before heading into work.
Francine's car was already in its assigned space when I pulled into the lot. I flicked my morning commute cigarette out the window and pushed the transmission into park. Not only is Friday casual day but it's also the one day of the week that I can guarantee not a single outside salesman would appear. Only the inside staff of six women and the other sales manager would be in the office today. I'd have ample opportunity to talk discretely with Francine about a possible menage a trios.
"Morning." I said as I stepped out of the elevator and walked by our receptionist's desk. "Good Morning Mr. Goodman." She replied.
There were seven phone messages on my desk the result of me taking the previous afternoon off. It took me a good hour and fifteen minutes to return the calls. Once I'd taken care of that I grabbed my coffee mug and headed for the small kitchenette where the coffee pot was usually at least half full. But this was Friday and with the small number of workers in the office no one had bothered to brew a second pot.
I had time to make a pot so I rinsed out the pot and dumped the old grounds in the trash can. While I waited for the brewer to finish I leaned against the counter watching the few folks there trying to keep themselves busy move past the door. Just as the coffee maker started making that funny gurgling sound it does when it's almost finished Francine appeared in the doorway.
"Did you make fresh coffee?" She asked with a broad smile on her glistening pink lips.
"Yep" I replied.
Francine was also dressed casual but her casual was still very sexy. She wore a pair of tight jeans with a perfect crease ironed into the front of the legs. A pair of black heels and a pale blue cowl neck sweater. Her hair just touched the pale blue knit covering her shoulders.
"Great I'm ready for a second cup." Francine remarked as she stepped into the kitchenette.
"Should be done in a couple seconds." I answered.
Francine stepped past me and leaned against the counter as I turned to face her. Her sexy smile reminded me of the incredible time we'd shared yesterday not that I needed a reminder.
I saw her look past me before she whispered. "You were incredible yesterday."
I grinned and replied. "We were incredible."
Just then Janice our receptionist stepped in. "Do I smell fresh coffee?" She asked.
I turned and leaned against the counter. "You sure do." I answered.
As Janice fixed her coffee I decided the kitchenette was going to be too busy a place for me to have a discrete conversation with Francine.
After Janice was finished I poured myself a cup then held the pot out toward Francine. She extended her empty mug and I filled it about three quarters full. "You like cream with your coffee right?" I asked.
Francine grinned at me then replied. "Yes do you have any left?"
I laughed knowing she was making a joke about the copious amount of cream I'd provided last night.
"Sorry this will have to do." I said smiling widely and holding out the jar of instant creamer.
"Thanks I suppose a substitute will have to do." Francine replied.
Marge was next to interrupt us. "Oh here you are Fran." She said extending her hand holding an envelope. "I didn't want to leave your pay check on your desk."
"By the way..." Marge started then paused when I interrupted her.
"Gotta go excuse me Marge." I said slipping past Marge and out of the kitchenette.
I didn't hear what the by the way was about but I assumed it would have to do with some report Francine was asked to write for Marge's department.
I returned to my cubicle and dove into some paperwork that I wanted to get cleaned up before the weekend. A minute later Francine walked past and whispered. "Later?"
I pushed my chair back and leaned into the walkway watching Francine walk to her work space. Her sexy ass moved seductively as each step seemed to be for my enjoyment.
From behind Marge's voice said. "I've got to talk to that woman about how tight her casual jeans fit."
What Marge meant was that she caught me watching Francine's ass as she walked away and that she wouldn't allow such things to happen in her office.
Marge walked past me without saying another word and for a moment I watched her walk away. Her spandex covered ass giggled as she walked and the baggy top she wore rode up over the storage shelves that used to be her hips. Talk about both ends of the sexual spectrum.
Having been caught gawking at Francine's ass I wondered if I should wait for the company picnic to have that discrete conversation with Francine. I'd play it by ear this afternoon and if the chance presented it's self I'd talk to her. If not tomorrow would work too.
As I was finishing up my paperwork right before lunch my phone rang. "Hello Allen speaking." I said into the receiver.
"Mr. Goodman it's Francine." She said.
I thought that was quite formal she usually calls me Allen. "What can I do for you Francine?" I asked.
"I was wondering if I could take a few minutes of your time this afternoon. Marge has given me a new format for our monthly reports and I wanted to run it past you."
I didn't have the authority to over rule Marge's decisions about this kind of stuff but I agreed saying. "Sure I'd be happy to take a look at it."
"That would be wonderful thanks Allen." Francine replied.
"I'm gonna run out for some lunch now so how about one thirty." I suggested.
"That'll be perfect. Give me a ring when you get back." She said. "Okay I will. Bye Francine." I said then hung up the phone.
"Going to lunch Janice." I said as I walked past her receptionist desk.
"See ya later?" Janice replied.
"Yep" I said as the elevator doors closed.
I grabbed a hot dog and coke from the sidewalk vendor at the corner of our complex and took a seat on one of the park benches that are positioned around the building. From my vantage point I could watch everyone who came and went from the building.
Marge and three other girls who work in our office all came out together and since they all got in separate cars I assumed some if not all of them were taking a half day. Could be a very quiet afternoon in the office I thought. Perhaps that discrete conversation with Francine would happen today after all.
The noon time sun was rather warm but a slight breeze kept it quite comfortable while I sat there thinking about having Kay and Francine at the same time. After about forty five minutes of fantasizing I figured I'd head back inside.
"Your back early." Janice said as I entered the reception area.
"Back early leave early." I replied with a grin on my lips.
"I put two phone messages on your desk Mr. Goodman." Janice said as I walked past.
"Oh thanks." I replied
I made short work of the two calls and then dialed Francine's extension.
"Francine speaking how may I help you?" She answered.
I looked around making sure no one was within ear shot before I answered. "How about a quick blow job?"
Francine giggled then replied. "Oh Mr. Goodman you're back from lunch already?"
I laughed figuring she didn't have the same luxury of being out of everyone's ear shot then said. "You ready to look over this new format that Marge came up with?"
"Surely Mr. Goodman." Francine replied.
"Okay meet me in the conference room in ten minutes." I suggested.
That'll be fine." Francine said before hanging up.
I waited eleven minutes then headed to our impromptu meeting. Francine was already there sitting at one corner of the long table and had a stack of papers sitting in front of her.
"Geez Fran is Marge trying to reinvent the wheel?" I said as I sat at the end of the table.
"You have no idea." She answered then added. "Marge can be a read ball buster."
"Yeah I'm finding that out." I said.
"She came down on me this morning for wearing these jeans. Told me they are far to tight for even casual Fridays." Francine explained.
"That could be partly my fault. She caught me leaning out of my cubicle this morning watching you walk down the isle." I remarked. "Sorry about that hun." I added.
"She just wishes she could get her fat ass into jeans this tight." Francine said.
"Not in this lifetime Fran." I replied.
"So she dumped this mess on you this morning because you have such a nice ass?" I asked.
Francine smiled then said. "Oh no she dumped this on me two weeks ago. Before she left for the weekend she said she wanted them prepared for her review by Monday."
"What a bitch." I said.
"She's just doing her job Allen. Besides I can always come in tomorrow and finish up if I need to." Francine said.
"Well let's have a look at them." I suggested.
Francine opened the top folder and spread out several versions. Some had bar graphs others pie graphs and another had a combination of both.
"Marge thinks a visual report like this would get the sales reps attention better." Francine said.
I had to agree the graphs did show a quick summary of the ups and downs of sales over the past six months. "I like these." I said.
Francine smiled knowing I was giving initial approval of her design. "We can explain to the reps that we wanna get away from a roller coaster looking graph to one that looks more like a flight of stairs." I suggested.
"So you like the bar graph best?" She asked.
"Yes." I replied.
As she gathered up the examples I looked at her eyes. While they still sparkled there was a business like appearance I'd not noticed before.
Francine started to open the second file but I placed my hand over her's. She looked into my eyes as I asked. "You really like your work don't you?" "Yes I do." Francine replied.
"I have total confidence in you Francine. You've done an excellent job redesigning the format of our reports. I'll let you decided what will look best and if Marge questions that tell her to check with me." I suggested.
"So you don't need to review the rest of these changes?" She asked.
"Nope they'll be perfect as long as its your work Fran." I said.
Francine smiled widely knowing that I was confident her redesign of the reports would be perfect.
"Now I have something I'd like to talk to you about." I said.
Francine got a worried expression on her face and asked. "Your gonna dump me aren't you."
"No way!" I exclaimed.
Her expression instantly changed and she relaxed completely. "I've been worrying all day that because I told you about the other men in my life that you wouldn't want to see me again." Francine explained.
"Not to worry babe I'm seeing other women also." I said.
"Good cause last night was just about the most incredible experience I've ever had with a man Allen." Fran admitted.
"That good?" I questioned her.
"Oh yea and better." Francine answered.
"I hope I can live up to your expectations the next time." I said.
Francine slipped her hand under the table and lightly placed it on my leg. "I'm absolutely certain you will."
Remembering how Marge caught me watching Francine walk I moved my hand to her's and lifted it back to the table top. "We need to be very careful in the office."
"I agree Allen but there's only two other people plus Janice out front in the office this afternoon." Francine commented.
"I understand but if we're going to keep our affair discrete it's best that we don't touch each other while we're in the office. The last thing I want babe is to have a bunch of office gossips talking about us it would certainly get back to your husband and cause you all kind of problems." I explained.
Francine smiled and said. "I'll do my best to keep the my urges under control but look out when I get you alone. There's gonna be a lot of pent up frustration if I can only look and not touch when we're in the office.
I smiled knowing we both would enjoy having all that anticipation build.
"You wanted to ask me something earlier Allen and I interrupted you with my question about dumping me." Francine reminded me.
"Yes I did. This goes against everything I just said about keeping our affair out of the office but since we're here alone and as you said there's only three other people in the whole office this afternoon I suppose it's okay to talk." I said.
Francine turned her chair a little toward me and crossed her denim covered legs. Her hand slid up to play with the neck line of her cowl neck sweater.
"Do you remember yesterday at lunch when we were talking about taboos?" I asked.
"Yes." Francine answered tentatively then asked. "You don't want to give me a golden shower do you?"
"No no nothing like that." I replied.
"Okay go on." She replied knowing she wouldn't have to endure being urinated upon.
I continued. "I've always had this fantasy about a menage a trios. There's this really wonderful woman I've been seeing who shares the same fantasy and she's asked me to try and find someone to join us."
"And you just assumed that I'd be the perfect third for your little menage a trios?" Francine said with a kind of unpleasant tone of voice.
Her tone made me think she wasn't interested and I immediately apologized saying. "I'm sorry Francine forget I even brought it up. It's just that yesterday you seemed to be telling me that threesomes or more interested you."
A smile came across her lips as she leaded forward letting the cowl neck line of her sweater fall away from her chest. She whispered. Why are you apologizing baby I'd love to be part of your menage a trios fantasy."
"That would be great." I instantly replied.
Francine straightened up and held a finger up as she said. "But first I want to meet this other women to see if she and I find each other hot. No sense putting two women together if they can't enjoy themselves too."
"I never thought of that." I admitted.
"Is this other woman married?" She asked.
"Widowed." I answered.
"Really she's not some old wrinkled grand mother type is she?" Francine asked.
"Oh no she is a little older than me but believe me when I say she's probably the most passionate women I've ever met. I remarked.
Francine smiled and said. "Until yesterday."
"Trust me Francine you two are equals when it comes to passion." I said.
"Well set up a meeting babe and lets see what happens." Francine suggested.
I thought for a moment then suggested. "I could bring her to the picnic tomorrow and since we won't be able to do much anyway you and she could get to know each other."
"Allen I'm not sure I'm going to the picnic. Jim is giving me such a hard time about attending and I don't want to show up alone. Everyone of the single men will have a half a snoot full and be hitting on me all day." Francine remarked.
"Tell ya what I'll make a call to Kay later and see if she's able to come along with me then before we leave today you'll know that much. If Jim changes his mind or if you just want to hang with Kay and me all afternoon we'll keep the drunk guys off your back." I suggested wanting to get the get to know her meeting out of the way so I could plan when we'd enjoy our threesome.
"Okay but I'm not making any promises Allen but I do want to meet Kay soon." Francine said.
"I'll give her a call and talk about it." I said as we both stood up.
Francine reached down to pick up the stack of files and her cowl neck sweater fell completely away from her chest. I jumped at the chance to look down her cleavage. She was wearing a sexy black lace bra with a very deep vee in the front her soft milky white breasts and cleavage pressed firmly together.
Francine realized I was sneaking a peak and said. "I thought we were going to have none of that in the office."
I grinned and replied. "It was just a quick peak babe."
"And did you like what you saw?" She asked.
"Oh yea!" I instantly replied.
"Good cause almost all my bras are cut like that." Francine answered.
She turned and started walking toward the door from the conference room. I followed enjoying watching her hips sway side to side and that gorgeous ass move as she walked. I followed her all the way to her cubicle wanting to reach out and give her ass a quick squeeze. I was learning quickly that keeping our affair out of the office was going to be more difficult then I imagined.
"Call me." Francine whispered as she turned into her desk.
As soon as I got back to mine I dialed Kay's shop. It rang twice then went to the answering machine.
"Hi thanks for calling Junk to Jazz I'm either away from my desk or assisting a customer on our sales floor but if you'll leave a message I'll be sure and call you back by the end of the day." As second later the machine beeped.
"Kay it's Allen can you give me a call when you get this message?" I said.
Hanging up the phone I glanced at the clock. Five of three I hoped Kay would return my call before Francine and I left for the weekend.
With nothing much to do paperwork wise I spent some time thumbing through the recent catalogs our suppliers had sent me. It's funny how time seems to slow down when you're waiting for something to happen. I must have looked at the clock ten times between three and three thirty.
I was on my third catalog and it was nearly quarter after four when my cell rang. Lifting it from the belt clip I looked at the tiny screen. Kay's name was flashing at me.
"Hiya Kay." I said after flipping it open.
Kay replied "Hi babe sorry I missed your call I was with a customer for the last hour and a half."
"Hope you made a big sale." I said.
"Not as big as I'd hoped." Kay replied then added. "Did you see me last night?"
"I sure did and I enjoyed it immensely ." I answered.
"My AC is on the fritz and I stepped out on the balcony to cool down a little." Kay remarked.
I giggled then said. "That didn't work out too well judging from what I saw."
Kay laughed and replied. "I saw you out on your balcony and instantly thought about our time together the night before and well you know one thing leads to another."
"Well it certainly did last night." I said.
"So are they getting your AC fixed today?" I asked.
"I sure as hell hope so." Kay answered.
"Well if they don't you welcome to stay at my place." I suggested then added "And if they did your still welcome to stay at my place baby."
"I might just take you up on that." She said then asked. "So what were you calling me about."
"Our company picnic is tomorrow and I was wondering if you'd like to go with me?" I asked.
"You mean like a date!" Kay exclaimed.
"Yea. I think we'd make a great potato sack race team." I replied.
"Allen I'd love to but I have no one to cover the shop." Kay said kind of sadly knowing she would be missing a chance for an actual date.
"Oh darn I forgot you're open until five on Saturday." I said.
Saturdays are Kay's best sales days and I couldn't ask her to close up shop at noon time.
"What time does the picnic start?" She asked.
"It's from noon til six or so." I answered. I'd never stayed until the end before cause I usually had to deal with a bored wife all afternoon and she was always ready to leave by three.
"Tell you what Saturday afternoon isn't all that busy. I do most of my sales while the yard shoppers are out early in the morning. I'll make you a deal baby. I'll close up at two if you promise not to enter us in the sack race." Kay suggested.
"It's a deal." I agreed.
"Okay babe I gotta run just had a customer walk in." Kay said.
"Call me later at home." I asked.
"Will do." Kay replied then added a quick "Bye baby."
She hung up and I was all smiles. Now all I'd have to do is convince Francine to either come alone or talk her husband into joining her.
Rather then calling Francine I took a walk to her cubicle.
Just in case any of the office staff was listening I said. "So Francine are you going to the picnic tomorrow?"
"I'm not sure yet. It looks as if I'm going to have to come in here tomorrow morning to get these revisions Marge wants finished for Monday." Francine explained.
"Working on Saturday?" I said.
"Besides I talked to Jim and he has tickets for a ball game tomorrow evening. He's going with his brother and nephew. So I'm not sure." Francine replied.
"I'm probably not going to get there until after two. My date has to work tomorrow morning too." I said letting Francine know that I'd spoken with Kay and we'd be there together.
Francine smiled knowing that I'd set up my end of the deal and then asked. "Do you think you and your date could give me a ride home if Jim and I come and then he leaves early for the game?"
"I don't see why not." I replied hoping that would work out.
"That might work. I was so looking forward to going to the company picnic." Francine said. "Well hope to see you and Jim there." I said smiling at her.
"Me too." She answered then continued. "I should get back at these revisions so I won't be tied up all day here tomorrow."
"Okay if we don't see you tomorrow have a good weekend." I said just before turning and returning to my desk.
So I'd done all I could to get these two vixens together. Time would tell if my plan worked out. I did feel a little bad about not filling Kay in on the details but I could explain that to her when we talk later.
It was quarter to five when I wrapped things up and headed out to my car. Francine's car was still in its space and I wondered how late she'd stay on a Friday night to get Marge's revisions finished.
I stopped at the wine shop on my way home and picked up a bottle of Chardonnay just in case Kay came by later.
As I rode the elevator up to my apartment I wondered if my plans worked out tomorrow and if Kay and Francine hit it off how soon I'd be able to get the two of them alone with me. I shrugged my shoulders and figured that sooner or later I find out.
I tossed my keys on the table beside the door and walked into the kitchen to put the wine in the frig. It was a little after six and I decided to go out on my balcony to see if there was any signs of Kay.
I was just finishing a smoke when my cell rang. It was Kay calling.
"Hiya darlin." I said answering her call.
"Allen." Kay spoke sounding a little upset. "They couldn't fix my air conditioner they have to order a part or something I'm gonna be out of ac until at least Monday." Kay explained. "And it's hot as hell over here." She quickly added.
"Calm down Kay." I said trying to make her feel better. "Just pack a few things and stay with me this weekend." I suggested.
"Really baby." Kay said with a more relived tone in her voice.
"Sure I certainly don't want you sweltering all weekend when my place is available." I said.
"Thanks so much." Kay said. "I'll gather a few things and see you in thirty minutes. She added.
"See you then. Bye darlin." I said before flipping my phone closed.
So my dance book was filled for the weekend. I'd have more than enough time tonight to warm Kay up to the idea of meeting Francine at the picnic and after that she and I could play house until Monday morning.
Just then I remembered that I hadn't changed the sheets on my bed. I was certain the blue satin was severely stained from the tsunami of fuck juices that had overflowed Francine's pussy the night before. I quickly stripped the wet bedding from the mattress and checked to see how wet it was. It felt a little damp but I was sure a clean dry bath towel would absorb any remaining moisture. Carefully spreading a towel over the spot I dressed the bed with a white satin fitted sheet and top sheet. Switching the pillow covers took no time at all and I finished up my chore with the same fluffy comforter that Francine had flipped off last night. Gathering all the soiled bedding I stuffed it into a laundry bag and hid it in my spare bedroom.
"Whew." I said out loud thinking how awkward it would have been trying to explain that mess when Kay and I finally make it to the bed later.
My door buzzed sounded and I walked over and pressed the intercom button.
"It's me baby." Kay's voice came over the tiny speaker.
"Come on up." I said then pressed the unlock key and heard the buzzing sound through the intercom.
In a few minutes Kay softly knocked on my door. I opened it and invited her in. She stepped past me and I closed the door and turned the dead bolt. No sooner had I turned to face her she dropped her overnight bag and stepped forward to give me a huge hug.
"You're a life saver." She whispered in my ear.
I smiled and replied. "Glad to be of assistance ma'am."
"You have no idea baby. The service guy told me that the problem is in a relay or something. He said the system doesn't know if it should be putting out cool air or hot air. It must be ninety degrees in my place." Kay explained.
Kay looked somewhat disheveled. Her normally perky hair hung rather loosely around her face and her clothing seemed to cling to her form.
"You look hot." I said not wanting to embarrass her by telling her the truth about her looks.
"I was sweating like a pig for the last hour and a half. Even my balcony was hot baby." She explained.
"Want me to turn the ac up some?" I suggested.
"Actually what I need is a shower." Kay said.
"Make yourself at home." I said.
She smiled and gave me another hug. "Give me fifteen minutes then I'll be fine." Kay whispered in my ear.
"Want some wine?" I asked.
"After my shower." Kay answered.
"I think you know where everything is but if you need some help give a shout." I said.
A quick kiss and she was off to the bath room.
While Kay showered I went to the kitchen and popped the cork on our wine poured myself a glass and walked out on my balcony. It was still a little warm but certainly not hot. I was reminded how lucky I was to get this apartment that didn't get the late afternoon sun.
I figured Kay would only be interested in the cooler air inside and returned to the living room and dropped the temperature on my thermostat a couple degrees. Besides I was fairly sure things would be heating up soon enough.
I heard the shower water turn off and a minute or so later I heard Kay exclaim. "Oh shit!"
Thinking the worst I called out to her. "You okay?"
The door opened a little and Kay said. "I forgot my blow dryer!"
"I don't own one." I answered.
The bath room door closed again and I just sat on the sofa waiting for her.
Five minutes later Kay emerged from the bath. She was wearing a gold satin lounging outfit which looked rather comfortable but did little to accentuate her shapely body. Her hair still very wet was brushed straight back along her skull. She was bare footed only the bright amber color of her toe nail polish showing.
I stood up and rounded the back of the sofa. "You ready for some wine?" I asked.
She smiled brightly and replied. "Am I!"
I watched as she approached from the bath room doorway. While her satin lounging suit did little to accentuate her shapely body it did everything to enhance her sensuality. As Kay walked her lush ripe breasts swayed gentle side to side and as they did her nipples reacted to the feel of satin and quickly turn hard giving her twin points that poked at the golden fabric.
I shook my head from side to side and said. "How sexy is that."
Kay smiled knowing I'd already noticed her arousal and followed me into the kitchen.
"Here we are." I said as I handed her a full glass of Chardonnay.
In the bright light of my kitchen I noticed just how lovely her facial features were. Not having the wisps of stunning red hair surrounding it the full beauty of her looks shown clearly.
"You look fantastic." I commented.
Kay placed her glass on the counter then reached for mine placing it beside her's. Her arms circled my neck and she pulled her warm lush body against me. "I'm so grateful Allen. You've given up your weekend just so I would be comfortable. I truly appreciate that baby." She lifted her heels from the floor and pulled even tighter against me rubbing her full ripe breasts against my chest. Her long sexy fingernails ran through my hair and then drew my mouth to hers.
Our parted lips barely touched and her tongue darted toward my mouth. She smelled incredible a mix of strawberry shampoo body wash and vanilla perfume. I inhaled deeply drawing her fresh scent into my lungs.
My hands circled her satin covered body and pulled her even tighter against me. Kay wiggled her shoulders causing her hard nipples to slide back and forth under the satin fabric.
As our kiss intensified I slowly moved my hands up and down her back slowly massaging the smooth flesh under her lounging top.
Her scent was intoxicating making me giddy with lust for her. Kay broke our kiss then whispered in my ear "Let's enjoy each other all evening." I understood what Kay meant. She wanted to take time to arouse our sexual senses letting the anticipation of what we both knew would happen build through the evening and peak at just the right moment.
"I couldn't agree more baby." I replied.
Kay moved away from me letting me take in her incredible looks. Her taut nipples pressing against the satin her lovely smile and sparkling eyes inviting me. "Join me." She said as she turned and headed for the living room.
As I followed her into the living room I realized I was still dressed in my work clothes and I was certain that I wanted to be as fresh and clean for her as she was for me.
"Kay I'm gonna take a quick shower." I said.
Kay smiled knowing exactly why I wanted to shower and replied. "I'll be here waiting for you."
I set my wine glass on the end table next to where Kay was now curling up on the sofa. Her legs pulled up and to one side her feet against the side where those long sexy fingers rested comfortably on the arm rest above her toes.
This was going to be the quickest shower ever.
I quickly went into my bed room and pulled the closest thing I have to lounging pants a pair of dark blue draw string silk pajama bottoms from my dresser drawer. I fumbled through the drawer trying to find the matching shirt but gave up thinking silk pants and a naked chest should entice Kay very well.
The shower was short and sweet. Lathering my body with unscented bar soap and cleansing my loins well. I wet my hair and in a few seconds was rinsing the shampoo and soap from my body.
I dried my body paying particular attention to dry my loins completely. Towel drying my hair was normal and I combed it back as always.
Slipping my legs into the silk pajama bottoms I tied the ends of the draw strings loosely at the front. The one button which closed the front was already secured. A quick brush of my teeth and I was ready to rejoin the sensual mature vixen waiting in my living room.
"That felt great." I said as I walked the short distance from my bath to the living room.
Kay had opened the vertical blinds and the sky above her building was aglow in rich orange pink and red colors as the sunset provided us with an incredible back drop to our evening of pleasure.
As I rounded the sofa and Kay first saw me she smiled widely and said. "Very sexy. Very sexy indeed."
I smiled back at her and replied. "Inspired by the most lovely woman I know."
Her eyes slowly surveyed my form from the still slightly wet naked flesh of my chest down to the dark blue waist line of my bottoms and the soft bulge extending toward one leg.
"Come sit with me." Kay asked patting the sofa next to where she was curled.
As I sat down Kay reached toward the end table and retrieved my wine glass. Handing it to me she turned slightly to face me more then lifted her arm and placed it on the back of the sofa behind me.
Her luscious firm breasts held the satin fabric away from her belly below their erect nipples showing perfectly as satin nubs. An incredibly sexy image and one I'm certain this lounging outfit was purchase to portray.
As I sipped from my glass her fingernails slid up into my still wet hair sending tingling through my skull and raising goose bumps on my arms.
"I love arousing you slowly." She whispered.
Holding my wine glass in my left hand I softly placed my right on the satin fabric covering her thigh.
"What an incredible feeling." I uttered as the warmth of her flesh was instantly transferred by the satin to my palm.
Her nails continued the slow sensual motion through my hair and I slowly began moving my hand gently along her thigh.
My fingers remained motionless just the palm slid along her firm thigh. I understood that Kay wanted to lead our slow sensuous arousal and I was more than happy to follow her lead.
She leaned close to my ear and whispered. "Allen I want to thank you again for inviting me into your home. You are my knight in shining armor and your valor will be justly rewarded."
I turned my head and stared into her eyes. Those incredible pools of passion that hypnotize me every time I stare into them. Her entire being oozed sensuality
Kay moved her right hand to my chest arching her fingers she used just the sexy nails to softly caress my flesh. Sliding her nails through the patch of hair and circling my hard nipples.
Her hand slowly dropped to my stomach and gave the twitching muscles the same treatment. I moaned softly as her delicate hand reached the waistline of my silk pajama pants.
She looked into my eyes and asked. "Do you want me to touch it?"
I smiled and replied. "Please."
Her fingers slid across from naked flesh to silk fabric then she flattened her palm on the silk.
My cock had already begun to swell and when her palm first touched it through the slinky material it surged noticeable against her hand.
"Twitching already?" She asked.
"Getting rock hard for you." I replied.
Her flat hand slowly moved down the length of my growing cock shaft until she reached the head.
Turning her face to mine again she whispered. "I can't wait to taste you."
Her nails drug across my cock shaft as she drew her hand back up toward the base.
This time she cupped her fingers and pressed them on either side of my surging cock. Slowly she moved her hand down the length until her delicate digits found the smooth corona and flaring cock head.
She spoke again. "I can't wait to feel this gorgeous cock between my lips and sliding across my tongue."
I was hoping she wouldn't wait too much longer to do just that.
My erection nearly complete Kay began massaging the hard cock slowly and very softly.
"I can't wait to feel this rock hard cock pulsing in my hand." Kay whispered.
"Take it out please." I uttered.
Her deft digits unbuttoned the one button that kept my surging erection from her grasp. Once the opening was there her soft hand slipped through and found my now totally hard cock.
She stroked it once then again before bringing the flaring head to the opening exposing the object of her desire to her lustful stare.
"It's such a beautiful cock." Kay whispered.
It's pulsing shaft covered with a matrix of blood filled veins extended up from the dark blue silk that had imprisoned it only a moment before.
"Look how it pulses in my hand." Kay said.
I didn't have to look I could feel it pulsing in her hand.
Her hand slowly slid up from the base stroking its rock hard length then paused when her index finger first touched the smooth corona at the base of the head.
"I love how silky smooth it feels right here." Kay whispered as she moved her hand up and her finger slid over my corona.
"God you're such a turn on for me." I said.
She smiled and said. "I love it that I turn you on so much."
Kay looked up at me again then asked. "Do you want me to lick it?"
"Oh yes please." I replied.
She repositioned her body so she was kneeling on the sofa beside me. Her mouth just above the throbbing cock she held in her soft delicate hand.
I lifted my hand and placed it in the middle of her back, then slid it toward her satin covered ass.
Still holding the cock head softly in her hand she lowered her mouth until it was hovering just above the flaring head.
She exhaled deeply over my cock her warm breath sending a charge through my loins.
Very slowly Kay began to move her hand down the pulsating cock it held and as her hand moved so did her head.
"Oh god." I exclaimed as her soft lips first touched the smooth flesh of my cock head.
She kept her lips spread wide until the head was inside then circled the corona twice with her moist tongue. The warmth of her mouth sent another charge through my loins.
Her lips closed to circle my shaft just below the smooth corona and she sucked lightly on just the head.
My cock rewarded her with a tiny droplet of pre cum which quickly mixed with the warm saliva in her mouth.
"Hmmmmm." Kay moaned as her taste buds sent a sensual message to her brain.
Very very slowly she began moving her head down licking each inch of throbbing cock that slipped beyond her soft warm lips and into her moist mouth.
My hand gently massaged both ass cheeks through her satin lounge pants.
Kay's mouth engulfed nearly all of my cock leaving little room at the base for her delicate hand. As her lips pushed her hand away she slipped it into the silk opening and onto my scrotum where she used sexy fingernails to tease the flesh of my ball sack.
Her hand flattened and cupped both nuts in the warm palm.
"Oh god yes." I exclaimed when she gave my balls a gently squeeze.
Her head began to lift and inch by inch my cock now shimmering with the warm saliva of her mouth was exposed. She kept her soft hand under my pants and continued rolling my ball in her palm every once in a while squeezing them gently.
My cock shaft now exposed her mouth clamped down on the surging head and she suck hard again trying to illicit another drop of tasty pre cum into her mouth.
As she moved her head up again my cock slipped from between those sexy warm lips and a tiny string of spit extended from the tip of her tongue back down to the surging head of my rock hard cock.
"I just love how it twitches in my mouth." Kay remarked.
She squeezed my balls one last time and my cock lurched toward my naked abdomen.
Kay slowly slid off the sofa and knelt beside me. She moved her head down to rest it on my thigh turning her face toward me and the raging cock that stood exposed before her lustful stare.
I was a little surprised that she only dropped her wet mouth over my cock once but I was soon to discover that was only to coat it with slippery saliva.
Her free hand moved up and slowly started stroking my cock. I stared down intently as she slowly massage the entire length over and over her eyes glued to the raging shaft and flaring head.
"I love how it looks sliding through my hand." Kay remarked.
She released it and used one long sexy fingernail to circle the smooth corona.
"I love this part most I think." She said.
She drew circles around my cock head with her nail until the circles became very tiny. Each time her sensual touch sent swirling spikes of pleasure through my loins. Her nail pressed into the tiny slit at the tip.
"I love when hot thick cum explodes from here." Kay whispered.
I could only shake my head from side to side, not in disagreement with anything she had done or said but in utter disbelief of how incredibly sexy she can be.
I smiled and told her so. "I love how absolutely sexy your are baby."
She smiled widely at me having been told something I think she already knew.
This seduction was all about her showing me exactly how sexy she is and she was ready to kick it up a notch. As slowly as she had slid off the sofa Kay now seductively crawled between my legs and straightened up. Kneeling between my thighs her lustful stare was concentrated on my hard cock.
Her eyes drinking in the image of it's glistening throbbing shaft the smooth flaring head and the heavy cum filled balls that still hung beneath silk.
Her full ripe breasts swayed gently as Kay lifted her fingernails to her scalp. With the expertise of a hair dresser she fanned out her fingers and combed her hair front and around her lovely face. It was still a little damp but the image kneeling in front of me was highly erotic.
"You are so incredible." I whispered.
She ended her sexy styling by pulling red shards of hair down onto her forehead then dropped her hands to my thighs.
"Give my your hands baby." Kay asked.
I moved mine to cover hers and squeezed them softly in my fingers.
Her delicate fingers slid from under mine as she said. "Don't move them from here."
I nodded my agreement even though I want to reach out and caress her lovely breasts through the satin fabric that still covered them.
Her hands slid up between my thighs and around my raging erection. She captured one tiny end of silk string that held the waist line of my silk pajama pants together then pulled it straight up. The silk slipped easily open and Kay dropped it as her finger moved down to pull the knot completely apart.
A soft grin came to her face. I wasn't sure if the grin was because she was having so much fun teasing me or if it was because she knew that shortly I'd be completely naked in front of her.
Using both hands Kay grasped the silk fabric just where the strings disappear into the waist band and lifted the garment open. Her eyes stared intently at my raging cock and I watched as Kay slowly slipped the silk pants off my hips. I lifted enough to allow her to pull them from under my ass then relaxed and watched her slid them down my legs.
She smiled and tossed them aside.
"Aren't you going to undress." I asked.
Kay smiled and replied. "In time baby."
Her hands moved between her legs the up to the bottom hem of her gold satin lounge shirt.
Kay smiled again as she unbuttoned the bottom button.
Her skillful digits move up and undid the second, then the third. Her shirt now open to the bottom of her soft heaving breasts. I could see her nipples rise and fall with each breath their tight hardness poking at the satin begging to be exposed to my lustful stare my soft caresses and tender kisses. But this incredibly sexy mature minx had other ideas.
Kay straightened up even more then moved forward until my balls touched satin.
With one hand she lifted my cock off my abdomen and drew it to her soft belly. My cock disappeared between the opening at the bottom of her satin shirt.
I could feel but not see my throbbing cock press into the soft flesh of her belly.
Kay smiled again then whispered. "I want you to only feel how good it is to have your cock between my breasts."
I smiled finally realizing her incredibly sensual plan.
Kay lowered her torso and I felt my cock slide between her soft spheres of pleasure resting in the deep cleavage.
She moved her shoulders side to side causing my throbbing hard on to slap against the inside flesh of her ripe breasts.
"That feels incredible." I said.
Her hard nipples poked at the satin covering my view of her tits and as she moved side to side letting my cock brush against her warm flesh those points of hardness moved side to side across her lounge shirt.
"I love watching your nipples under that shirt." I remarked.
Kay smiled and said. "My nipples get so hard when their touched by satin."
She slid her hands up over the outside and lightly pressed the fabric covering her luscious breasts engulfing my quivering cock between her wonderful tits.
I could feel the hard shaft smear her saliva along the warm flesh lubricating her cleavage. Kay slowly moved her body up dragging my smooth corona down into the slippery flesh.
Pausing for a moment to let my cock head soak in its slippery confines Kay whispered. "I can feel it pulsating through my skin."
She began a slow sensual slide down my slippery cock and I could feel the head pop out from the top of her sexy cleavage the tip coming in contact with the satin fabric hiding the image from my view.
Her nipples piercing at the satin the entire time. I wanted to reach out and tweak them between my thumbs and fore fingers but resisted the urge for now remembering her request to keep my hands on my thighs.
I was happy she hadn't requested my silence and said. "That feels so wonderful."
Kay just smiled and continued her awesome tit massage on my rock hard cock. She repeated that same movement several more times slowly plunging down until my cock head popped from her warm cleavage then lifting up to draw it down into the soft slippery flesh between her breasts.
Not being able to watch as my cock slip through her cleavage I stared intently at her face. Her expression changed each time she plunged down almost as if she was feeling the throbbing cock between her tits plunge deep inside her quivering pussy.
This incredible tit fuck was having the desired effect another droplet of pre cum oozed from the slit and soaked into the satin fabric above her breasts leaving a tiny wet spot where it touched.
Kay's hands had been firmly pressing her soft breasts inward the entire time but she release the pressure and slid on hand in and undid another button.
I could now see the very bottom of her luscious breasts and the hard shaft of my cock extending up into her cleavage.
She stroked up and down three or four times then whispered. "Wanna see more?"
"Absolutely!" I exclaimed.
Her fingers slid in and undid the top button leaving only one button still holding the satin fabric over her lovely breasts. When she returned her hands to the sides and pressed her tits together. The satin spread at the top exposing the sharp crease of her cleavage.
She dropped down and my shimmering cock head slipped from the warmth of her breasts it's smooth flesh a rich blood red color.
Kay glanced down at the throbbing head then looked up into my eyes. "Doesn't that look sexy?" She asked.
"Awesome!" I replied.
Lifting up again my cock disappeared into the soft wet confines between her breasts.
Kay tucked her chin into her neck and let a long slippery string of saliva drip of the tip of her tongue. It stretched down until the end touched her cleavage exactly where my cock slide out. Pursing her lips the string broke and filled the top crease with wet spit.
An instant later my cock head rose from that crease and was coated with warm saliva. She plunged even deeper until my cock slipped over her lip the sensitive circumcision scar on the bottom sliding along her wet slippery tongue.
As she lifted her face to again look into my eyes she kept her tongue extended almost as if she were giving me a preview of where my pulsing erection would next be pleasured.
Kay released her grip on the sides of her tits and slowly moved both hands into that one remaining button. She smiled her expression almost asking if I wanted her to unfasten the tiny clasp that kept her beautiful breasts from my view. I whispered. "Yes." to her unasked question.
The button slipped through the hole and the satin parted finally mercifully allowing me to see what I'd only felt before. Not a complete view but the deep cleavage with my cock resting between those twin spheres of pleasure.
Kay's fingers hooked under the opening in her satin shirt then slowly almost too slowly pulled the material back. Finally after watching two perfect points of hardness slip and slide under the satin her erect nipples were exposed to my lustful stare.
She held the shirt open then whispered. "Touch them."
I instantly reached out finally given permission to move my hands and captured the erect nubs of pleasure between my thumbs and index fingers.
Kay cooed with delight as my digits rolled and lightly pinched her hard sensitive nipples.
My cock remain motionless resting in the warm slippery flesh between her breasts.
As my fingers continued playing with her nipples Kay pressed her cleavage firmer against the throbbing shaft then said. "Push my tits together."
I found it difficult to release the toys I'd waited so long to play with but followed her instructions moving my fingers away and flattening my hands on the outside of both ripe breasts.
As I pressed inward enclosing my cock in warm slippery flesh Kay moved down and my searing cock head slipped through the top of her cleavage.
"So sexy!" I exclaimed.
Kay moved up drawing my head again into the warmth of her slippery flesh then stopped. She looked into my eyes those passionate pools of lust piercing mine.
She softly whispered. "Fuck them."
Her hands moved to either side of my thighs coming to rest on the edge of the couch. Kay now wanted me to control the tempo of this awesome tit fuck. I began by keeping the same slow pace. Lifting my hips slowly my cock slipped out the top. Further then before but at the same slow speed.
Kay moaned softly feeling my curly patch of pubic hair brush against the bottom of her soft orbs of pleasure.
I dropped my hips slowly drawing my aching cock back into the soft tunnel of flesh letting it soak in the warmth between.
My hands held her breasts firmly together not pressing so hard as to distort their perfect sphere like shape but hard enough so I could extend my thumbs and slide them over her rock hard nipples.
My hips lifted and again the rich blood red cock head appeared from between. My thumbs moving twice as fast as my hips tweaking her nipples two times for each stroke my cock made through her cleavage.
A thick slippery patch of moisture coated her flesh just above the cleavage and each time I thrust up that patch got a little longer.
Kay smiled knowing she was giving me more pleasure than even a knight in shining armor deserved and then whispered. "Faster." wanting me to increase the pace of my thrusts between her soft tits.
My hips rose and fell at the same speed of my thumbs as they continued slipping up and down over the sensitive hard points of pleasure.
"God Allen my nipples are tingling so much!" Kay exclaimed.
"Please don't stop playing with them." She added.
I had no intention of stopping my play. I'd waited so long to see her beautiful nipples and now that they were exposed to my eyes and touch I wasn't about to let them alone.
Kay tilted her head back and closed her eyes. Through clenched lips she uttered. "Fuck my big titties baby."
My tempo increased and my thumbs now moved slower over her nipples then my thrusts up between the soft warm flesh they capped.
"That's it fuck them faster." Kay urged.
I knew that if I continued this incredible tit fuck I'd soon be shooting thick wads of cum all over her chest.
"Harder baby." Kay pleaded.
Her hands moved to cover mine and she pressed hard against them squeezing her cleavage tightly around my thrusting cock meat.
The increased pressure and tight hot slippery flesh I was fucking had the desired effect and my loins began to tingle signaling the start of my orgasm.
"I'm gonna cum baby." I exclaimed.
"Oh god yes!" Kay replied loudly.
She pressed even harder and I thrust up off the couch even faster my thumbs now just pressing in on the taut flesh they had been toying with moments before.
"Shoot that load." Kay exclaimed.
The tingling in my loins spread extending to the throbbing cock head that appeared then disappeared faster and faster above her cleavage.
"Oh god oh god!" I repeated when the tingling was replaced by the incredible numbness felt just before I explode.
My cock filled with searing hot cum the bulging urethra pressing into her soft slippery flesh.
"I feel it baby!" Kay near screamed as the throbbing cock we held tightly between her incredible tits swelled.
In an instant I exploded the first runny fluid of my orgasm coating the hot flesh between her tits. I thrust up exposing my raging cock head just as the sperm thick wad of cum shot from my cock. It splashed against the bottom of Kay's chin.
"YES!" Kay exclaimed when she first felt the fiery heat of my cum on her skin.
I pulled down then thrust up again my cock head just popping out as another wad of thick gooey cum shot out and landed on her chest above the deep cleavage.
"God damn." I uttered.
With each successive surge a little more creamy thick cum was deposited on the soft flesh of Kay's chest. I dropped my hips to the sofa and Kay moved her shoulders down a little so only the very tip of my cock was exposed above her sweet cum coated cleavage.
"It feels of fucking good having your cum on my skin." Kay admitted.
My cock oozed the remaining drops of cum and as I tried to relax my muscles Kay began making short little strokes teasing my cock head with very slippery cum coated flesh.
As she moved the thick string of my first shot hung down from her chin and swung back and forth like some kind of sexual vine.
Eventually that vine broke and dropped onto my cock head its contents joining the millions of other squiggly microscopic sperm trying to find a ripe fertile egg to pierce.
My cock twitched and jerked involuntarily as Kay softly massaged it with her cum coated flesh.
She released my hands and I let them drop to my thighs. Her soft breasts parted revealing the gooey line of cum I'd deposited between their soft ripe fullness.
"That was incredible." I whispered.
Kay reached between and drew my cock from its sexy scabbard and used the twitching shaft to smear my cum load across her tits. She slapped the head against her erect nipples then pressed one hard nub into the tiny slit at the tip.
"Ooh it's so hot in there." Kay exclaimed as she felt the searing tissue just inside the end of my urethra.
I moaned softly feeling the erect nipple probing my cum tube. Kay moved my cock to the other nipple and pressed it hardness into my slit moving the cock head in tiny circles massaging the membranous tissue with her erect nipple.
She giggled then said. "That's kinda like fucking a cock."
I nodded my approval chalking that sensation up to another first she's pleased me with.
Kay pulled my cock off her nipple a tiny string of cum extending from hard nipple to twitching cock meat.
She leaned down and pursed her lips kissing the sensitive circumcision scar with her lips then said. "Let me clean up and then we'll continue."
"Sit tight baby I'll bring a moist towel for this mess." She remarked moving my softening cock side to side.
I just smiled and lay my head back against the sofa.
Kay rose from her spot and held the satin lounge shirt apart so it wouldn't be spoiled by the mess she'd just caused between and over her tits.
"Back in a flash." Kay whispered as she moved away and headed for the bath room.
To be continued...