I opened my eyes and looked at the green numerals of the clock glowing on the bedside table, it said nine thirty and the curtains were closed, it was nearly dark outside, I sat up quickly and then wished I hadn't, my head felt like the hangover from hell.
BIG MISTAKE!
Resting back down on the pillow I reached for the switch on the lamp, I groped around with the twisty stem and pointed it down to reduce the brightness, I was in a bedroom.
MUST BE MY ROOM I SUPPOSE.
It was very neat and tidy and my suitcase was beside the chair, but how it had got there I didn't quite know, I was lying beneath a single white sheet on a very warm evening and I was buck naked, had I gone out drinking and been helped into bed by a friend?
COME ON.....THINK.
My head felt fuzzy and I searched my memory for an answer.
I REMEMBER A BEAUTIFUL BLONDE GIRL IN A RED DRESS, SHE WAS FLASHING HER BOOBS!
Suddenly, I broke through the foggy barrier, I recalled the sight of this lovely woman with raven black hair bent over an office desk in front of me and I was ejaculating all over her backside....!
JUST ANOTHER WET DREAM LAD.
NO NO.....MORE THAN THAT!
YOU WISH.
THAT'S IT.....MISS SMITH.....SHE'S BLOODY GORGEOUS!
There was someone else, another woman, blonde and equally stunning, she was giving me a blow job.....
THE NURSE.....PENNY WHAT'S HER NAME?
PENNY CHIVERS.....THE ACADEMY.....YES I'VE GOT IT NOW!
I remembered turning up on Saturday morning for my induction into the new job I was taking, I'd expected blood pressure tests and needles and stuff, but instead I'd had to give a sperm sample for their bloody computer system.
OH YES, THEY PUT SOMETHING UP YOUR BUM AS WELL DIDN'T THEY?
Apparently I was now fitted with a sensor, a tiny tracking device up my rectum which allowed the computer system to monitor my movements around the establishment, the Academy of Sexual Studies, or ASS for short, I was their newest recruit and wondering if I'd made the right decision in joining.
TOLD YOU DIDN'T I?
NO YOU DIDN'T!
SOMETHING DODGY IN A PLACE WHERE AN OLD GEEZER LIKE YOU GETS TO FUCK GORGEOUS YOUNG BIRDS.
I'M HERE TO TAKE NOTES MAINLY.
YEAH.....THE'RE PROBABLY SAVING THE OLD SLAPPERS FOR YOU MATE.
SOD OFF, LET ME THINK!
Miss Smith was fondling Penny's arse as the nurse sucked me off.....Miss Smith yes.....Valerie was getting dressed to go to a meeting.....she was my new boss.....I remembered.....Penny gave me a guided tour in the afternoon and filled me in on more of the details.
Green lights and red lights had some significance.
Yes, I asked about the curious light panels fitted in the rooms, apparently they were linked to the system to warn people about various conditions, green lights were good apparently and red lights meant - stop what you're doing and stand by - but for what exactly I didn't yet know.
KNOCK KNOCK.....KNOCK KNOCK.....
Someone was tapping on the bedroom door and Penny's lovely face came into view as it opened.
"I see you're awake then David, can I come in?"
I snapped out of my daze and sat up, still feeling confused, my eyes spotted the light panel high up on my bedroom wall, both lights were off.
"I can come back in the morning if you prefer, I just thought I should see how you were, I am the nurse here remember."
"Yes it's okay, please come in."
Penny Chivers entered the room quietly and turned to close the door, giving me both a front and then a back view of what must be her night attire, it was a small white cotton chemise with thin straps and a low neckline, the hems were edged in pink, it reached down just about to the tops of her thighs and her white panties peeped from under the hem, her thick blonde hair was down loose across her shoulders and she looked lovely, suddenly I was very conscious of my nakedness beneath the sheet, I smiled as she came over and sat on the edge of the bed with her long legs primly together.
"My head hurts like hell."
"Yes, the Compound X sometimes has that effect I'm afraid."
Penny took hold of my wrist and checked my pulse, she had one of those tiny watches dangling from a thin silver chain around her neck, she pursed her full lips as she counted off the seconds.
"That seems normal enough, you gave us a bit of a fright earlier."
"What happened to me?"
"You passed out in the office, just after we'd finished looking round, I was showing you how to work the laptop you'll be using and we accidentally went into the wrong files, don't you recall the pictures?"
I blushed as some of the memories started to come back, all kinds of pornographic images had flashed across the screen in rapid succession, Penny had great trouble interrupting the flow of it and although I didn't realise at the time, I was getting a quick flash of everyone who worked in and visited the Academy, a lot of the shots were pretty raunchy and not for public consumption I guessed, shortly after that I must have passed out.
"Yes, I seem to remember you were having trouble stopping the slideshow, I don't expect I was meant to see all that was I?"
WHY DIDN'T SHE JUST CLOSE THE LID?
"No, that wasn't planned, I'll have to ask you to try and forget most of it David, confidentiality is our watchword here."
I sat back against the pillows and shifted my legs, I raised one knee slightly, like a good nurse will always do, Penny leaned forward to adjust the pillows behind my back and I got a good view of her pink pillows when her neckline gaped.
YOU'RE A RANDY SOD!
I CAN'T HELP IT.....LOOK AT HER....!
"Why did I pass out Penny?"
"Don't worry, you just had a reaction to the stimulant that we used in the orange juice, the Compound X, it can have slightly unusual side effects on some people, especially those who are new to it."
I DON'T LIKE THE SOUND OF THAT.
"Don't worry David, it's marvellous stuff and it's been tested extensively."
"But it makes some people black out and gives them raging headaches?"
"Well yes, as I say, reactions can happen, but they will soon fade as your body gets used to it and you'll then appreciate the full benefits, just like the other guys, don't you remember coming all over your chest after I'd fitted your sensor?"
I DO REMEMBER THAT BIT.....I WAS LIKE A BULL.....SHE SUCKED MY COCK SO WELL!
I felt movement under the thin sheet between my legs.
OH NO.....
"Please trust me on this one David, the benefits of using Compound X far outweigh the drawbacks I promise you, sex is wonderful with it."
"Shame about the hangovers though."
She smiled and stood up, she was a tall woman even in her slippers, her body was fantastic and I thought back to how she had looked in her white underwear and stockings.
"Let me get you a drink of water, that will help."
Penny went to the sink to fill a glass, while bending forward she showed me her brief panties again, not exactly like a thong but the lace edges were cute, speaking of drawbacks, there was something of a drawback going on with my foreskin under the sheet just about then.
"This will perk you up."
YOU ALREADY HAVE LOVE!
As Penny turned to offer me the glass she stubbed a toe on the bed post, making herself grimace and jerk her arm at the same time, half of the water spilled down her thin cotton front, the wetness spread quickly, revealing rapidly puckering nipples.
"Silly me, just look at that."
I'M LOOKING, HONESTLY....!
She refilled the glass, giving me another flash of bum and this time when she turned she noticed me shifting my legs again, not quite managing to hide the bulge under the sheet before she sat down again.
"Oh my, I suppose I'm responsible for that?"
IS THIS ANOTHER TEST, ARE WE ON CAMERA RIGHT NOW?
"Sorry Penny, I can't help it."
"No, don't worry, you're just normal, I'm flattered really, the Compound X also perks up a man's sex drive."
Penny offered the water and I must have looked wary.
"It's only water, I promise."
I took a drink and hoped it would ease my pounding head quickly.
"Don't worry, I'm not going to exert you again tonight, you need to rest, you did well today."
"Did I?"
"Oh yes, don't you remember very much?"
"It's all a bit fuzzy."
"Well firstly, your sperm sample was excellent, the system accepted it straight away which doesn't always happen, then you gave a good strong signal during the sensor test in the afternoon."
"The sensor test?"
WHAT TEST?
"You know, when you had to connect with me."
"Aha....?"
"Then Valerie checked you over as well, just to make sure."
"She did?"
"Most certainly she did, don't you remember?"
"Not really, no I don't."
"What a shame, you seemed to enjoy it."
"Enjoy what exactly?"
"Sensors have to come into close contact with each other to trigger a system alert, that's why we have them mainly, to stop unauthorised sexual intercourse, actually they nearly always detect orgasm, even one brought on by masturbation, so think about that next time you fall to temptation."
I gave Penny my best - who me look - and let her carry on.
"We have a regular weekly session to prove the sensors still work properly, every Monday morning at seven thirty sharp, I told you all this earlier before you fucked me.....and then of course you did Valerie too because we'd made her so horny, don't tell me you can't remember?"
My mouth fell open, I strained my brain but nothing came.
BUGGER BUGGER BUGGER BUGGER, I FUCKED BOTH OF THEM?
AND YOU CAN'T REMEMBER ANY OF IT!
I tried to look cool in front of her but I felt really cheated and Penny could sense it, apparently I'd had sex with both of them this afternoon, but exactly what happened was just a vague blur, I wondered how soon I might get another chance, if at all.
SHIT.....BOLLOCKS.....ARSEHOLES.....IT'S NOT BLLODY FAIR....!
"Well if you're okay then I'd better go and change this, then it's an early night for me, sleep well David and I'll walk you down to breakfast in the morning to meet the others, they're a good bunch, I'm sure you'll like them, we generally get on well together, which is just as well really considering how closely we have to interact during our work."
Penny stood up and leaned in to give me a peck on the forehead and I was gazing down between her fabulous tits again.
NIGHT NIGHT LITTLE PUPPIES.....
"My room is right across the hall from yours, so if there's anything you need, anything at all, you know where to find me, night night David."
With a cute little wave she left the room quietly.
"Night ni........"
Resting back on the pillows, I made a big effort to let my lazy lob subside, I needed time to think, I'd learned a lot in my first day.
YEAH.....FUCKED TWO OF 'EM AND CAN'T REMEMBER IT.....WHAT A PLONKER!
SHUT IT!
So far I'd only met two of the staff and they were both gorgeous, the girl in the pictures with the red dress had been top shelf material too and I wondered whether the females would all be of such high quality, how many men worked there, did they all have to take turns performing like prize bulls, surely that wouldn't include me would it?
WHAT A LIFE, WHAT A JOB!
WHAT A TOSSER!
It was Saturday night, a funny day to start a new job really and the new week was looming, I wondered how easy it would be to fill my free time stuck out in the Hampshire countryside, I would be living in with the other full time staff and I'd been told they had lots of facilities to make life more comfortable, yes, working at the Academy could be good, but what about those checks on Monday mornings, I wasn't sure I liked the sound of those?
SHE DIDN'T SAY HOW THEY DID IT.
YOU SHOULD HAVE ASKED.....NOW GO TO SLEEP!
I drifted off, thinking of Valerie in the black corset.....on my way to the land of nod my mind started to wander.
THE CORSET.....I REMEMBER THAT.....AND THE STOCKINGS.....BUT NOT THE REST.....BOLLOCKS!
I wondered what those two got up to when they were in the office together with the door locked.
I CAN IMAGINE.....
SOMETHING GOING ON THERE I RECKON!
IN YOUR DREAMS PAL!
THESE ARE MY DREAMS, GET OUT!
GO TO SLEEP!
PISS OFF!
VALERIE.....VALERIE.....SHOW ME THE CORSET AGAIN PLEASE......
WANKER!
My mind was across the hallway, listening in at the door to Penny's room, was Valerie in there, helping Penny out of her wet slip?
YEAH, YOU WISH!
"Be still darling, let me dry your front with this."
"Ooh, that's lovely Valerie."
"You naughty girl, how did you get so wet?"
"Just a little accident."
"I'm not talking about your top darling."
"Ohhhh.....Valerie.....yesssss.....
My mind was racing out of control.....I had to stop thinking about sex.
GO TO SLEEP.....GOT TO MEET THE REST OF THEM AT BREAKFAST.
I WONDER IF IT'S THAT COMPOUND X STUFF?
YEAH OKAY.....VALERIE.....PENNY.....ALISON.....
The birds were making a hell of a noise outside the window and the curtains were too thin to keep out the morning sun, I gave up trying to get back to sleep, I'd had a peaceful night and I was in the countryside after all, the clock said 7.20 and it was Sunday morning!
7.20.....CHRIST ALMIGHTY!
I got out of bed and opened the curtains.
LOVELY MORNING.
I used the tiny en suite toilet cubicle and then brushed my teeth at the sink, I was going to have a quick wash when I noticed the fishy pong coming from down below so I decided a shower might be a better idea, I wrapped a towel round my waist and set off down the corridor to look for the bathroom.
IS THIS IT?
Finding a door with a picture of a mermaid on it I looked around for any other clues, putting my ear to the door I could hear the sound of running water, so I cautiously opened it and poked my head in, someone was having a shower.
GOD IT'S STEAMY IN HERE!
The bathroom was quite small really, with a patterned glass partition with some hooks half dividing the right side from the left, it was badly fogged up from the steam but I could see what looked like a man's shaving kit by the right hand sinks, plus a very large pair of flip flops and a towel hanging from one of the pegs, I stepped inside and closed the door, going to the right side I slipped off my towel and hung it up, the only sink not in use was the one closest to the shower stall, so I started my usual shaving routine there, the mirror was badly steamed up and I had to wipe it off to see anything.
"Anything on today Erica?"
"Sure Brian, I'm going out for a long run before lunch, want to come along?"
"Might just do that babe."
THERE'S TWO OF THEM IN HERE?
The shower curtain next to me swished open as the water was switched off and a giant of a man stepped out right behind me, the guy slipped a little on the wet floor and his outstretched hand came into contact with my bare bottom.
"Whoa there, sorry about that sport, we need some better mats in here."
"No worries, I'm David Banks, arrived yesterday."
With my face half covered in shaving foam but otherwise stark naked, I turned to offer a hand for the big bloke to shake, which he did like he was pumping a car jack.
THIS GUY IS HUGE!
"Brian Palmer, hey Dave, good to meet you man, we need some new blood around here."
As Brian stepped back to reach for his towel I couldn't avoid looking at the guy's enormous penis, it was a good eight or nine inches just hanging loose, a pair of heavy looking danglers went with it.
HE MUST FAINT WHEN HE GETS A HARD ON!
Turning back to the sink quickly and wondering if my gaze had lingered for too long on his startling equipment I continued to shave, then I realised I could still hear water running, there was someone else in the other stall.
"That's right Dave, boys on this side, girlies over there."
INCREDIBLE!
"Yeah, they actually trust us to share one bathroom, but we are all wired up of course, I suppose you've had yours done?"
Brian's nod gestured down towards my privates as I finished shaving.
"Oh yes, I was done, err, when I arrived yesterday."
"Not a bad way to start a new job, hey Dave?"
I smiled sheepishly under his casual scrutiny and turned to step into the shower stall, just as I switched mine on, the water went off in the other side.
"Look out, here comes trouble."
"Stand aside, I want to introduce myself."
I stood rooted to the spot in the open shower stall as a wiggling, giggling pink vision of wet loveliness scampered around the partition, she had medium length chestnut hair plastered to her beautiful face and neck and she was clutching a towel loosely to herself, it just about covered her breasts and hung down her front, but she was swaying about a lot as she dodged past Brian who was swinging his dick from side to side lewdly, making it slap wetly against the tops of his thighs with a meaty sound.
"Come on then sweet cakes, you know you want it."
"Keep that monster away from me, I'm all clean."
"Dave, say hello to Erica."
The wet beauty calmly offered her hand for me to shake as though we were at a garden fete, even though I was buck naked and she had the big guy ogling her bum.
"Hi David, Erica West, so nice to meet you."
Her big eyes travelled down my body, assessing me in a lingering sweep.
"Erica's from the USA, somewhere in the Mid West I think."
"Wyoming Brian, you know that."
"Yeah that's right, she's a good old country girl."
"With honours in Chemistry and Human Biology, remember?"
"Oh yes, that too and she does make a good cup of coffee."
Erica turned on Brian playfully and used her towel to try to flick him, he protected his precious parts with both hands as the well stacked woman presented the most vibrantly firm derriere towards me and jiggled about, the side glimpses of her moving breasts made my eyes stand out on stalks and my dick twitched as she horsed around playfully with Tarzan.
"Enough wench, stop, before I put you across my knee."
"You wouldn't dare, especially not in front of the new boy."
HELL.....IT'S BEEN A LONG TIME SINCE ANYONE CALLED ME A BOY.....
"Be careful, he might like to watch me do just that, how about it Dave?"
I searched for something clever to say.
"Err, I'd better get washed, I want to get down to breakfast, I'm starving."
I reluctantly closed the shower curtain and tried to ignore the rest of the friendly banter between Brian and the lovely Erica.
IS THIS ANOTHER TEST, HOW CAN ANY CAMERA SEE THROUGH ALL THIS STEAM?
"Come on now honey, you're embarrassing the poor guy, give him a break."
"You don't often ask me to cover up Brian, I'm surprised."
I soaped myself up as they chatted.
"Yeah, well it's been a hectic week, everyone needs a rest sometime."
"True enough, we had fun trying to control that food fight though, didn't we?"
"I'll say, the chocolate mousse chair was a great success."
"Mmmm, I think I've just got rid of the last traces this morning."
WHAT THE HELL ARE THEY ON ABOUT?
"Anything special on next week?"
"The fathers and daughters thing could be interesting, Wednesday I think."
"Ooh goody, I think incest is so interesting."
"I know you do Erica, you're always up for the kinky stuff."
"Can I help it if I have a curious nature?"
"Okay Dave, I'm all done here, see you at breakfast I guess."
"Yep, see you down there."
"Me too David, nice to.....see you."
The door banged shut as Brian and Erica left together, Erica was still giggling about something or other, she wasn't such a tall girl but she was really built, wide hips and pneumatic tits, there was a certain kind of girl next door quality to her beauty, her face also had a mischievous look to it.
They both looked younger than thirty, as did everyone I'd seen so far, apart from the lovely Alison of course who was obviously much younger, as were all the other teenagers I'd accidentally seen in the picture gallery, as I soaped myself and washed I tried very hard not to start thinking about Alison too much, I wondered if I'd actually get to meet her and I felt the start of a lazy lob coming on just at the thought of her in that red dress, but I was determined not to give in to temptation so easily.
KNOWING MY LUCK THE SYSTEM WILL SPOT ME IF I HAVE A WANK!
I started to wash my hair and had my eyes screwed tight shut against the shampoo, so I didn't see the door open but I heard stuff being put down and someone padding around in bare feet, I opened one eye to movement on the other side of the glass partition and then someone went over to put something in the refuse bin, it was this gorgeous slender lady who I later learned was from the Czech Republic, she had a perfect but petite figure and she was stark naked, a slighter build to Valerie and the others but beautifully proportioned, she had short very pale blonde hair.
"Morning!"
SAY SOMETHING.....ACT CASUAL.....AS IF YOU'RE USED TO THE UNISEX BATHROOM THING!
"Oh, hello!"
She'd already stepped into the other shower stall.
"Just switching on this side, stand by in there."
THEY ARE ALL SO CHEERFUL IN THE MORNING!
"I'm Jana, Jana Gudova, you must be David?"
"Yes, hello Jana."
"Valerie told me you had joined us, she asked me to look after you today."
"Really, that's nice, I'll try my best to pick things up quickly, I promise."
"Good.....ooohhhhh....."
"Are you alright?"
"I know we've only just met David, but could I ask a big favour of you?"
"Sure, what is it?"
"Well I pulled my shoulder playing tennis yesterday and this morning it's really tight."
"Oh?"
"Yes, do you think you could be a hero and give my back a rub down?"
HERE WE GO AGAIN.....ACTION STATIONS DAVE.....WHERE'S THAT BLOODY CAMERA....?
"What, you mean right now, in here?"
"Well yes, just walk round to my side, it's okay, really."
"Well, if you say so."
Hesitantly, and with my hands shielding my privates, I walked round the partition, Jana was well soaped up, standing just out of the water flow with one arm over her breasts and the other hand covering her groin like a shy young virgin.
YOU'VE GOT TO BE JOKING!
"I'm ready, come on in, I won't bite."
I stepped forward, this blonde bombshell wanted me to rub her down.....what else could I do?
"Should I err.....get in there with you then?"
"Yes of course, we don't want to flood the bathroom floor, come on, I'm all soapy for you."
I smiled as I stepped carefully into the stall with her, there wasn't tons of room for two people and Jana couldn't easily avoid the spray with me there, a lot of the soapsuds started to wash off and a pink nipple appeared by her forearm.
"Perhaps we should turn off the water for a while?"
"Yes, good idea, I'll do that."
I turned off the shower as Jana lathered herself up again, she stood with her back towards me as I looked down at her cute butt, my penis started to thicken and twitch and I really wanted to kneel down and bite those perfect globes but I had a task to perform and my sensor was active.
YOU ARE GORGEOUS WOMAN.....UGAH UGAH UGAH....!
"I can't reach my back, would you do it David?"
She passed the soap over her shoulder and half turned, showing the swell of a perfect breast as she smiled.
"I play a lot of sports, tennis, swimming, stuff in the gym, I like to stay in shape."
"You have a lovely shape to stay in."
"Why thank you kind sir, that's nice."
I ran my soapy hands up across her shoulder blades and neck, then down her slender back, there was not an ounce of fat anywhere, she moaned with appreciation as I worked on her.
"Oh, that's so good, you have the touch, firm but tender."
SOMETHING ELSE WILL BE FIRM IN A MINUTE!
"You can reach a little lower if you like."
"Okay, like this?"
"Yes, that's wonderful."
My hands were roaming up and down her back freely, I included the top half of her buttocks in the movements, her soapy skin was glistening and alive under my touch, Jana put her arms up and held back her hair, her modest tits would be thrusting proudly, I so wanted to slip my hands around to cup them, it would seem like the most natural thing to do.
"Are you okay back there David?"
"Yes.....I'm fine."
"You don't sound too sure."
The fact was that I had a full blown hard on by this stage and I was trying desperately not to bring it into contact with Jana's cute backside, if she was to just bend forward a little I could shuffle closer and slip it right up there.....
"That's lovely.....oooh yesss.....just there, that's marvellous."
"No problem."
She half turned and looked at me over her shoulder.
"I feel better already, thanks, would you like me to do you now?"
"Err."
Quickly I turned around before she did, my dick was throbbing as her soapy hands touched my waist and started to move in small circles.
"Ummm, you are quite trim yourself."
There was a slight pause.
"For an older man you nearly said."
"Nothing wrong with maturity, it's good not to let yourself go and get all flabby."
"Well, I try to stay in shape, I like cycling."
"It's good to be fit, you'll need to be healthy to work here David."
She kneaded my shoulders and the back of my neck with her slick hands, I felt myself relaxing under her warm touch, she was pretty good at this too.
WHAT A WAY TO START THE DAY!
Jana suddenly stepped close enough for me to feel her hard nipples touching my back and she very gently nuzzled my shoulder with her soft lips as her arms encircled my chest.
"You've been a perfect gentleman David, I'd love to reward you properly, I know all about this....."
She reached down for my iron hard cock with a soapy hand and I sucked in a sharp breath as she found me.
"You did so well not to touch me with it, some men would have taken me for granted and tried it on straight away, it's such a shame we can't go any further just now."
As she held my erection and peeled back my hood, I pressed back against her warm body.
"I'll make a point of selecting you in the morning if you like, for the tests."
OH YEAH, THE WEIRD TESTS AGAIN.
"That'll be nice of you Jana....."
NICE.....IS THAT ALL YOU CAN SAY TO HER.....NICE?
"I don't suppose we can do anything more just now then?"
"I'm afraid not David, this isn't a free day you see."
"What's a free day then?"
"Oh, sometimes the system gets shut down for maintenance, usually at the weekend and we get some time to relax however we like, with whoever we like."
"The green light thing?"
"Not exactly, but we are free to do things.....if we want to."
"Having sex you mean, isn't there enough of that during the week?"
"Some of us can never get enough darling, you'll find that out."
She kissed my shoulder again and stroked my raging hard on.
"I'm going to leave a trace on the computer if you keep doing that Jana."
"I know, I'd better stop now, let's both rinse off and get down to breakfast, save it for Monday."
WHAT CRUEL LUCK....!
"I didn't mean to lead you on but I did want to meet you properly."
"It's okay, just try to pick me on Monday, deal?"
"Deal, now come on, let's get moving."
I finished showering and went back to my room to get dressed, I'd now met four of the women who I'd be working alongside, I'd seen them all practically naked and they were all stunning, this place was certainly different, no doubt about that and after the little spell with Jana in the shower I was starting to look forward to Monday morning after all!
Breakfast was an interesting time, the food was great, thanks to Gwen the cook, she was a rosy cheeked lady well into her fifties who had been cooking in schools and colleges all her life, her old fashioned outlook on life was linked strongly with her Welsh origins, a bit puritanical on the surface but she knew the score about what went on at the Academy, as she served me with a groaning plateful of bacon and eggs, fried bread and mushrooms she gave me a big wink.
"You'll need to keep your strength up around here boyo, tuck in now."
As well as Valerie, Penny, Erica and Jana, there was Brian and two other male staff members at the table that Sunday morning, one was an older guy called Hugh who looked about forty or so and then there was Steve, young and fit looking and obviously a ladies man, they all welcomed me warmly and soon there was some rather smutty banter going around the table, mostly to do with the rigours of induction days, they'd all had to go through a similar routine with sensors being fitted and the rest, but in a way it made them all feel like part of a special family.
THEY SEEM A HAPPY BUNCH, AND WHY NOT, THEY GET MORE SEX THAN MICK JAGGER JUST BY BEING AT WORK!
Apart from those present, there was talk of two other female staff members who were not due back from leave just yet, Sylvia was from Sweden and Kumi was Thai, there was also talk of a young chap called Leslie who was off sick at that time, so it seemed they were going to be a little short handed for the week ahead, but Valerie was confident they would all do their best to keep the full schedule rolling along, she and Penny would both be helping out with sessions where needed.
After breakfast, Jana wanted to take me for a tour of the premises and I said I'd already had a look round with Penny yesterday but she insisted we go for another walk to burn off a few calories from Gwen's good hearted efforts, so we started with the three lecture rooms which were all fitted out like small film studios, lots of props and lighting and a wide variety of furniture lying around, I asked where the formal classrooms were and Jana told me they didn't really have any, most of the work was hands on stuff, photography and moving images playing a large part of what went on, which explained the props and the racks full of costumes.
"We also do sessions in other places like the library, the gym, the pool area is especially well used and we even work outdoors when the weather is good."
I was starting to realise how varied the activities would be and really liked the sound of it.
Jana was dressed in a pale yellow sports top and skirt, as all the women had been at breakfast, the guys were wearing white shorts and polo shirts, not exactly a uniform and not all the same style but everyone looked fit and sporty, ready for a game of tennis or something similar.
EASY TO GET OFF CLOTHES MATEY.....
It all seemed rather too good to be true and they all looked so incredibly happy, I began to wonder if this idyllic workplace could actually be as nice as it appeared.
As we were out walking around the grounds, I lamely tripped over the edge of a flower bed and a booming voice yelled out from behind a nearby bush.
"Oi yer clumsy wee begger, I'll mind ya to tak a bit o care roond here mon."
"Sorry, I slipped, I'm alright though, don't worry."
"I wasna worrying aboot ya ma lad, keep yer big clod hoppers off ma roses that's all."
"Yes, yes of course, sorry."
Jana tugged my hand, pulling me along the path, I could just see the top of someone's half bald head, a curly red ring of hair in true Friar Tuck style above the bushes, I turned and asked quietly.
"Who's that charming creature?"
"Oh, that's Angus, Angus Duff, gardener and handyman, bit of a pig really but good at his job, keeps the place tidy."
"Angus.....hey man, nice to meet you, I'm David."
I shouted this across the bushes and the unruly red hair became an ugly, irritable face with a scruffy matching beard and a big nose.
"What the.....oh aye, well mebbee, we'll soon see aboot that laddie."
"Come on David."
Jana led me away as Angus scowled, he was staring at Jana's lovely legs and the short skirt, he rubbed his crotch as he watched her hips swaying.
"Like two wee rabbits in a sack, I'll make you squeal one of these Mondays my wee girlie."
Jana explained that Angus was a dirty old sod, always creeping around with a mop bucket or a tool roll, he had a liking for young girls she said, and because he was always roaming the premises with access to everywhere, he too had to have a sensor fitted to keep an eye on his movements.
GOOD IDEA BY THE SOUND OF THINGS!
She explained how Angus wasn't required to partake in the scenarios, they hardly ever asked him to join in with the classes unless there was a particular need for a fat, smelly old Scotsman, and it seemed like Angus resented that, but then he had his job and that was that.
NOT QUITE AS GROSS AS THE FAT BASTARD IN THE AUSTIN POWERS MOVIES.....BUT NOT FAR OFF!
Jana was clear in her own mind that Angus was basically an old lecher, that much was obvious from what she said about him, but I could understand how frustrated he must feel, being surrounded by all these sexy people and having to ignore the proceedings could not be easy for anyone.
"You mean Penny had to fit one of her little gadgets to that ugly sod?"
"Yes, God knows what it was like getting a sperm sample from him, he makes me shudder every time he looks at me."
"Is he there on Monday mornings?"
"You can bet on that, he's never missed one yet, he'll be ogling all the girls as usual, hoping to get to grips with one of us, ugh, he's disgusting."
Jana actually shivered at the thought and I realised she was really quite worried about the prospect of it being her, I slipped an arm round her shoulder protectively and she didn't pull away.
"Nobody's seen fit to tell me yet what these tests actually involve, how about letting me in on the secret Jana?"
"Certainly, I thought you knew, we all have to pair off and you know.....make contact.....with our sensors."
"Make contact....?"
She looked at me with wide eyes.
"What are the sensors for David?"
"To track our movements and to register unauthorised sexual intercourse, so I've been told."
"Exactly, so to verify that they still function you'll have to put your penis up me.....and to do that you'll need an erection, which I'll take care of, think you can manage all that David on a wet Monday morning?"
I'LL GIVE IT A GO....!
"Yes.....yes I'll try, it will be you and me won't it?"
"Let's hope so, come on."
LET'S HOPE SO.....WHAT DOES SHE MEAN BY THAT.....LET'S FUCKING HOPE SO?
The tour continued, I was impressed with the gym and all the modern exercise machines, the lovely pool had an indoor aspect with some lush pot plants and a couple of tasteful statues, it also had wide doors which could be opened to the outside, and connecting the pool area with the gym was a unisex locker room, complete with an open fronted communal shower, it looked big enough to take about six people!
"Only one changing room?"
"Yes, just like with the bathroom, we are expected to behave ourselves, exercise self control, though that's a bit easier for the staff than some of the visitors we get, the camera in that locker room must have seen some interesting sights."
Eventually we had been just about everywhere and I mentioned to Jana that I'd been given my own personal laptop for company use, Jana kindly showed me how to log on to the staff roster and a few other vital things and it was soon time for lunch, we headed for the dining room, it was big enough to seat about twenty and immaculately clean, we walked over to join the queue at the serving counter, the gorgeous smell of roast beef was tantalising.
"Here you are at last, we were starting to think you might have left."
"No chance of that Penny, I think I'm going to like it here, mmmmmhh, that smells wonderful!"
"Yes it does, Gwen is a real kitchen wizard and she's taken a liking to you David, that's obvious."
"Me?"
"We saw you chatting her up at breakfast."
"Can I help it if she wants to mother me?"
Erica spoke over her shoulder to Jana.
"She'd soon have him if he went into that kitchen without permission."
"I heard that young lady, no dumplings for you today."
"Oh go on Gwen, just a little joke, what's a girl to do without her dumplings?"
Hugh nudged me playfully.
"She's got the loveliest dumplings I've ever seen."
"I know, the bathroom was busy this morning."
"My God, you're a fast worker, keep it up old son."
"Oh I'll try Hugh."
Hovering behind Gwen was Angus Duff, he had a leery look on his face and he stood quite close to her back, I guessed they must be about the same age.
WONDER IF HE STOKES THE OLD BOILER NOW AND THEN....?
We sat down to a delicious meal and as I was tucking in, Penny told me they usually tried to burn off some calories on Sunday afternoons, especially if lunch was a feast, they had tried to get Gwen to tone down the big Sunday lunches but she was so used to cooking them up like that and it seemed a shame to let it go to waste, I said I would try to turn up in the gym later but I got the distinct feeling it was more or less expected that one joined in, whether one wanted to or not, the roast beef was fantastic, with crispy roast potatoes straight from heaven and fresh vegetables from the garden plot at the rear, courtesy of old Angus.
HE'S GOOD FOR SOMETHING THEN.....JANA SAID HE WAS GOOD AT HIS JOB.
After tucking in well with the others, to much better food than I was used to because cooking for one is so boring, I headed for my room to study for the week ahead.....I soon got comfy on the bed and within minutes the laptop slid aside and I was fast asleep.
VALERIE.....PENNY.....ERICA.....JANA.....OOOHHH JANA!
MMMMMMM.....THAT'S SO NICE JANA.
SYLVIA.....KUMI.....GWEN.....MORE POTATOES PLEASE GWEN.
BRIAN, HUGH, STEVE, ANGUS.....FUCK OFF ANGUS YOU FAT BASTARD!
Hugh looks like a right old pervert.....Kumi is from Japan.....she likes to dress as a schoolgirl and get tied up.....
Sylvia.....from Sweden.....gives a good massage.....
Erica.....rosy cheeked farm girl who looks like a centrefold.....likes a good roll in the hay.....
"David.....wake up David?"
Valerie's black corset is so fucking tight.....
"Look, he's got a stalk on under there."
Penny.....Penny.....Penny's big tits.....show me your tits Penny, don't keep your bra on.....Penny's fingers were creeping up into my shorts.....
THEY REALLY ARE YOU DOZEY PRAT!
I opened my eyes, Penny and Erica were crouching next to my bed, they were looking up the leg of my shorts at my growing erection.
"Oh hello sleepy head, come on down to the pool, the water will help with that."
I tried to cover my crotch with my hands and Erica winked at me.
"Too late for that sugar, I've seen it twice now.....hope I get you in the morning."
The ladies stood up, still in sports gear but now carrying rolled up towels as well.
"Last one in the pool has to do lifeguard duty, that's not half as nice as a swim, so move it David."
"What should I wear?"
"Just come like you are, but get a move on.....roast potato man."
They left my room giggling like a pair of silly schoolgirls and saying something about a plum, I leapt off the bed and reached for my towel, not being a strong swimmer I really didn't want to be lifeguard for the others, my erection had just about gone down by the time I walked through the gym and into the locker room.
"You made it then."
There were discarded clothes lying around on the benches but the only person was Erica, she was standing in the open doorway to the pool, wearing only her polo shirt and sheer white panties, she was doing that amazing trick that some women know of undoing her bra without taking off her top, then with a few fascinating moves she drew the bra out from her sleeve and threw it on the bench, a girl built like Erica would need to wear a bra most of the time for comfort.
"Quick, you'll just beat Hugh if you hurry, clothes are optional."
I was flustered, I was undecided but I quickly made a choice and stripped down to my white shorts, then I followed her through the doors just as Erica slipped into the shallow end, she dunked herself right under and came up soaking wet, smiling up at me with her shirt clinging to those gorgeous tits like a second skin, as she bobbed up and down I stared at her loveliness and she splashed me, I was still standing on the side and my shorts instantly turned see through, Erica giggled at me and pointed.
"Look everyone, David's happy he came now."
The others were all in the pool except for Hugh and they moved towards the shallow end and stood around Erica looking up at me, the ladies all wore wet sports shirts and looked fantastic, hard nipples were everywhere, but I couldn't really tell if they had knickers on or not, Brian was grinning hugely and then he pointed at my shorts and shouted out.
"On or off then sport, decision time?"
I was rooted to the spot as they leered up at me, I'm not exactly a natural exhibitionist.
DO SOMETHING DICKHEAD....!
I dropped my hands to the waistband and Erica whistled loudly, I wasn't ashamed of my package but this was still a big challenge in front of a bunch of near strangers, with her big tits straining the wet shirt, Valerie shouted out playfully.
"Show him the way somebody."
Brian turned towards Steve and said.
"Shall we?"
"Why not."
In unison they both shucked out of their clingy shorts and threw them to the edge of the pool, as they landed on the tiles near to my feet I looked down at them and then back to the faces watching expectantly, just then the door swung open and a bleary eyed Hugh appeared, he was still fully dressed and carrying his towel.
"Quick David, last one in remember!"
Making a decision and bravely not turning my back, I struggled the wet shorts down and off, my penis was in a kind of half mast condition due to all the bobbing breasts in front of me, I wasn't properly erect yet, but not flaccid either, there were more whistles.
"You have to be in the water for it to count."
I looked towards Hugh, expecting a last minute rush perhaps?
"Don't worry old boy, I'll take the whistle."
With that Hugh went back into the locker room to get ready, the ladies all watched carefully as I sat down on the edge and then slipped into the water, literally cock first, I gave them a good show and tried to smile, they seemed satisfied with the performance.
NO POINT BEING SHY AROUND THIS PLACE!
The group all broke away and started to spread out in the pool, I watched as Valerie turned and headed away in a strong breast stroke and I thought I caught a glimpse of pussy, then her legs opened again and I got another glimpse through the bubbles, Jana came to stand closely beside me in the waist deep water with her nipples boring through the fabric of her little top.
"Now isn't this better than slouching around in your room all afternoon?"
"I suppose so yes."
"Come on then, let's swim."
We did a couple of widths together and then there was a burst of catcalling and laughter, I looked up to see the cause of the rumpus and there was a grumpy looking Hugh, just returned from the locker room in his lifeguard's gear, which seemed to consist of a whistle hanging round his neck on a red ribbon and two tiny squares of red material, each about the size of a small napkin, they were held round the waist by a strap and hung down front and back to just about cover his genitals and bum, in white lettering on the front was a message.....
IN AN EMERGENCY LIFT FLAP.
OH MY GOD.....IT COULD HAVE BEEN ME.
As I've already said, Hugh is fortyish.....looks and acts like a retired army officer and is a bit red faced and podgy, probably drinks too much port.....but without his clothes on it became very obvious why he worked at the Academy, he had a big wanger, it was pushing out the tiny red flap and he didn't even have a hard on, he gave us an obscene gesture as we catcalled from the water and then he lifted the flap and thrust his hips a couple of times, his very thick penis was amazing, with a big plum like head that was almost purple, it wasn't terribly long but that big bulbous glans would surely give any woman a hard time.
PARDON THE PUN.....THAT WAS AWFUL.
He came to stand by the edge of the pool where we could all see him clearly, I stared in amazement and Jana surfaced next to me.
"Just a bit of silliness to shame whoever turns up last."
BLOODY GLAD IT WASN'T ME!
Jana stood beside me and everyone enjoyed Hugh's discomfort, whistling and asking him to give us a twirl, of course he obliged and he was smiling as he did it, I couldn't help wondering if Hugh turned up last on purpose as he bent over and showed us all his hairy arse, he also had a massive pair of dangling bollocks!
"Is that it then, I can't see a seat anywhere, does he have to stand up all the time while we enjoy ourselves?"
"Yep, keeps you more alert that way."
Hugh didn't seem to mind too much, he folded his arms and watched the swimmers, I wondered if they all had to do it now and then, I tried to imagine Valerie parading around in the same silly outfit up on the edge as we all looked up between her legs.
STOP IT RIGHT NOW.....
Just a bit of fun to them maybe, they all seemed so comfortable with nudity, but I was new to all this and found it a bit awe inspiring to be honest, there I was, stark bollock naked, swimming around with a bunch of other nearly nude people all about half my age, the women were all ravishing and the men were generally rigged like donkeys, Erica did a big splashing plunge, as she went under she displayed her lovely arse to everyone and her white knickers were totally see through, just like Valerie she had such a vibrant butt.
"Come on you, don't get distracted so easily, we're here to exercise, let's go down there."
We set off for the deep end side by side, Jana was like a fish in the water, completely at home, she soon sensed I was less comfortable though and commented not unkindly on it when we reached the far end and I held onto the rail with my breathing all over the place, Jana was treading water in front of me comfortably.
"Don't you like swimming very much David?"
"Yes, it's okay, I'm just not very good at it that's all."
"I love it, I try to swim every day, I can help you improve your technique if you like."
"Well, if you think......"
"Of course, I'd love to help, we seem to get on so well together."
"The truth is, I've never been all that confident in the water."
"I can tell, come away from the rail, come towards me, that's it, now start treading water with me, kick hard, that's it."
"This is what I always find.....so damn tiring, I feel like I'm going to.....get a leg cramp at any minute."
COUGH.....SPLUTTER.....
"You need to relax more, you're too tense."
I kept trying to do it calmly, but my head went under the surface and I bobbed up again streaming water from my nose and waving my arms rapidly.
"Take my hand David, here.....that's it, now stop panicking, I'll help you."
I was struggling far too much for comfort, so Jana led me to the side again and I held onto the rail, eyes very red, nose streaming, not a pretty sight I imagine.
"I know what you need, ever tried using goggles?"
"No I haven't."
"Wait here a minute."
Like a slender mermaid, Jana ducked under and then shot up out of the water, she landed with her midriff on the edge and hauled herself out smoothly, her trim body looked so sexy in the wet shirt with the tiny panties trapped between her perky buttocks, she scampered a few feet over to a small rack on the wall, Steve and Penny were just arriving on either side of me, they gave me a broad smile and then turned to head off comfortably for the shallow end again, making me feel even more useless.
THEY MAKE IT LOOK SO EASY.....
I watched Jana as she came back to stand above me, I studied her svelte body as she adjusted the small yellow goggles over her eyes, the see through panties revealed no sign of pubic hair, but then she was so blonde it might be hard to see it even if she had any, her crack was well defined by the damp pants and I got time to appreciate her overall beauty, I didn't really get chance to do that in the shower earlier on, I think I must have been taken aback by her asking me to get in and rub her down.
DELIGHTFUL.....
"Put these on and stop staring, it's rude."
Handing me the other pair of goggles, she dropped into the water beside me feet first and disappeared for several seconds, I got the goggles into place just as she bobbed up very near to my face, she leaned in and gave me a quick kiss which took me completely by surprise.
"Do you like the feel of swimming in the buff?"
"Yes, I think I do."
I felt a delicate hand grasp my penis and squeeze.
"Whoa, Jana!"
She backed away from me a few feet into the deep water.
"Come towards me David, be brave and I'll reward you."
My cock had responded to her touch and I paddled towards Jana hopefully, like a puppy dog after a treat, we were soon treading water again.
"Now this time, before you start to tire, take a deep breath and hold it, hold your nose too if it makes you feel any safer, then just let yourself drift under the water and don't panic, I'll be there, with the goggles on it will seem very different, I promise you.....all you have to do is hold your breath and keep calm."
"Okay Jana."
PUFF.....PANT.....BLOW.....
"Okay, on three then, one.....two.....three....."
I did as instructed and we slipped under the water together, it was deep enough to submerge fully and stay upright, I did all the things she'd told me to do and then suddenly I felt Jana tapping my goggles, I opened my eyes which I'd had screwed tight shut as usual despite the goggles and there she was, her face close to mine, smiling and nodding at me, giving me the okay signal as I'd seen divers doing in movies.
WOW.....SHE IS A MERMAID.....
Being able to see properly added a new element to the way I felt under the water and she was right, it did feel safer somehow, Jana pointed upwards and I watched her body rising in front of me, I followed her seconds later and burst out smiling and gasping at the same time.
"Wow, that was amazing, I didn't know it could make such a difference just being able to see."
"Losing one of your senses is vital, let's go down again, you'll gain confidence if you tell yourself you're enjoying it."
Jana took a big breath and then her head slipped below the surface and this time I felt her hands sliding down my body as she descended, her fingers dug into my buttocks and I felt her face nuzzling at my groin, then she was gone and I followed eagerly, eyes open this time to find my mentor quickly and there she was, about two meters away, turning underwater loops for my amusement, I got to see her lovely shape from all different angles as she displayed herself for me and she pulled her shirt up to show me her perky tits.
SOME FUCKING MERMAID....!
Jana pointed up and we surfaced again, this time she came very close and she felt my hardening penis nudging her flat tummy, she smiled and gave me another brief kiss, I wanted more, but she held me off.
"Ah ah, such public displays of affection are only permitted at certain times."
I stared at her serious face.
"Are you kidding me?"
"No I'm afraid not, today isn't a free day, you'll have to be patient."
She pointed to the light panel above the door, green and red were both off.
"What, after that performance?"
"I had to get you down there somehow."
I grabbed her and tried to pull her closer but she slipped and wriggled free like a wet fish.
"No, it's Monday tomorrow, save it for then."
I pushed my lower lip out in a big sulk.
"Not fair."
"Oh come on then, one more time."
Slipping underwater together seemed more natural by now and we were just in time to witness Steve and Penny turning to start yet another lap, Penny still had a top on and some knickers but I enjoyed the way her large breasts rolled around in the water, and it was obvious that Steve had plenty to show off down below, though not quite as much as Brian maybe.
Jana and I watched them swimming away and then it was time to surface again, I was grinning broadly, I was really enjoying it by this time.
"It's like being in an underwater documentary, I've only ever seen this in films before, all we need is a few fish."
"Come on flipper, let's head for the shallow end."
We did just that, then stood in the waist deep water and chatted for a while, every time one of the ladies came near I found my eyes following them but it's hardly surprising really, they were all so beautiful.....
WHO'S A LUCKY BOY THEN?
I didn't notice the time passing but all too soon the whistle blew, everyone grouped within a few meters of the little ladder as Hugh looked down at us all like some kind of stern headmaster with his arms folded, he would have looked the part quite well if not for the ridiculous thing he was wearing over his privates, and by the look of that he had enjoyed watching the swimmers.
"Okay, that's your lot people, it's time to hit the showers, ladies first of course."
I looked around at the group, everyone had swum quite a bit and there were heaving bosoms everywhere, Erica was going to be first and she boldly took off her top and draped it round her neck as she walked to the steps with her fantastic tits on show, she climbed the steps and paused at the top for effect, Brian actually applauded and gave a wolf whistle, Erica's mound pouted from between her shapely thighs in the wet panties and I stared, just like the others did, Hugh was sideways on to us as he looked at Erica and his little red flap was well extended.
Jana spoke quietly in my ear to tell me that Erica had been a Playboy model once, a couple of years previously, but she got so sick of the exploitation in the business of adult entertainment that she decided to do something different with her beauty, she heard about the Academy and offered her services in return for on the job training as a sex therapist, she should qualify after about another year according to Jana.
WOW.....GOOD GIRL....RESPECT!
Penny applauded roundly.
"You show them Erica, I'm with you girl."
Erica looked over her shoulder and spoke.
"Funny how the men are always so polite, so eager for us to get out first, hey girls?"
Erica went through the doors and Valerie moved next, she'd kept her top on but was without pants and as she climbed the steps in a stately, hip swaying fashion, her gorgeous pussy was framed by her perfect ass cheeks, just like I'd seen it in the office yesterday, she paused on the top step and squirmed out of the clingy shirt then looked round with a forearm cradling her amazing boobs.
"You boys behave now, we've a busy schedule this week and I want you all ready to go."
Brian stood there holding his massive tool in his hand above the water level, he was only half hard, as all the men were, the cool water temperature helped to dampen the men's spirits I supposed, but Brian's cock was simply incredible even in that state, after Jana's teasing and now looking at the ladies climbing out I was sporting a full blown erection and trying to hide it with my hands.
"Sure you don't need any help in the shower Valerie?"
"I'll manage Brian, save it for the morning darling."
She didn't seem in any great hurry, we all had time to study her beauty, Hugh got the best view of her tits, being so close and his little flap thingy was bulging clearly, the expression on his face said it all.
"Come on ladies, we shouldn't tease them any more."
With one final shimmy of her lovely wide hips the boss lady headed for the locker room to join Erica in the showers, there was plenty of space under the three shower heads and moments later all four of the gorgeous women were in there, rinsing each other down, getting rid of the chemical smell.
As they bent and stretched under the warm water, washing hair and soaping each other, having a playful tickle with some good humoured fondling they didn't know they were being watched closely by old Angus, he was tucked away on the other side of the wall, his little hideaway was the service room, right behind the showers, it contained the equipment that kept the pool filtered and some other noisy plumbing, all of which helped to stop the computer system from picking up signals from his sensor and right at that moment, he was masturbating heartily with a pair of Erica's panties wrapped around his smelly cock.
They all thought Angus Duff was just an ignorant old fart, just about fit to tend the gardens and fix the plumbing, but he was actually quite intelligent under that rough exterior, he was also very very sneaky, using gear he'd sent away for in a catalogue, he'd rigged up a couple of his own cameras in the locker room, one was set into the shower wall at a low level and the other was up above the lockers, both were remotely operated and fully trainable in true snooper style, the colour pictures he was watching on his little monitor were good quality and he wanked furiously as the ladies started to play around together.
"What do you girls think of our new find then?"
"Quite a dish actually, turn around Val."
Penny and Valerie were soaping each others tits.
Angus wanked.......
"Jana, you two seem to be getting on well?"
"He's nice, quite good looking really, considerate nature as well I think."
"He's a man darling, keeps his brains in his boxers."
Erica giggled.
"Yeah, like Brian you mean Penny."
"No, he's not a bit like Brian, or Hugh."
"Jana sounds quite interested in our David."
Erica stood close behind Jana and slipped her arms around her trim waist, she hugged Jana tightly and reached up on tiptoes to nibble the blonde girl's neck lovingly.
"You're not falling for him are you baby, he's old enough to be your father.....and what about us?"
Her voice sounded husky and she slipped her soapy hands up to fondle Jana's breasts.
Angus wanked even faster.....
"Go on girlie.....do it to her good and proper.
Valerie and Penny wanted to play too, so they squatted down on either side of the slim blonde girl and as Penny ran her hands up and down Jana's right thigh, Valerie did the same to the left one, when their fingers met high up between Jana's legs, they diddled her cunt lips from both sides, making her moan, Jana pushed her head back towards Erica and gasped.
"No fair, three against one!"
"You've got the hot's girlie, we can fix that for you."
"Ooohh, this is so.....why me?"
"Shhhhhhhh, just relax and enjoy."
"What about the boys?"
Erica massaged Jana's modestly sized boobs and pinched her nipples.
"They can wait, this won't take long, will it Valerie?"
"No, this naughty girl is well primed, we saw you cavorting with David in there."
"I was just helping him to.....oh god, that's lovely.....don't stop....."
Angus was glued to the screen, he dropped Erica's panties and scrabbled frantically in the little pile of pilfered ladies underwear he kept beside the stool, his hand came back up with a tiny blue bikini top he'd taken from Jana's locker a couple of weeks before and he focused on the hands working over the blonde's lithe body, he wrapped it around his fat dick and started pumping again.
Hugh's red face suddenly appeared in the pool doorway.
"How long are you ladies going to be in here for heavens sake?"
Valerie shouted out through the steam.
"We're just about done, two more minutes."
Valerie's finger had found Jana's clitoris and rubbed vigorously.
"Hurry up ladies."
Penny pushed two fingers into Jana's warmth from behind and kissed her hip at the same time.
"Go away Hugh, we're nearly done."
Hugh backed out meekly, he really wanted to get in there and ram his cock into one of the little fillies, any one of them would do, the other guys were chatting together and waiting patiently but Hugh was a randy old bugger and always ready at a moments notice, he didn't know that Jana was close to orgasm under all the soapy fingers, she had a fairly short fuse most of the time and three sets of hands were working on her tender parts, she was panting and straining between the girls.
"That's it baby, specially for you, a Sunday treat in the shower, let it all go honey....."
Angus knew Jana was getting close to orgasm because he was watching her squirm in glorious detail, he could see fingers slipping into her, the boss and the big nurse bitch were both doing her and she was loving it.
"Oh God yessss....."
Jana parted her legs more to allow better access and Penny ran her soapy hand hard between Jana's legs, backwards and forwards in a sawing action, letting her fingers and her wrist mash wetly against Jana's delicate parts and threatening her bum hole with a soapy thumb.
"Oh fuck, yes.....please.....yessssss, like that....."
"That's right lassie, don't fight em, show uncle Angus your pretty wee pussy, that's good yes, I'll get you one of these days my sweet and when I do I'll fill you up, och aye my wee girl, old Angus will make you squeal with his fat cock, he'll fill you up with spunk, he'll stretch your tight wee bum as well, he'll....!"
Earlier, when Angus was cruising the kitchen for tasty morsels he'd trapped Gwen in a corner and given her a good old grope, she didn't have time for anything more with lunch to serve, but she gave him some Compound X in a glass of fresh lemonade as a little treat, she knew he liked to creep around on Sunday afternoons, spotting whatever action he could find, Gwen was trusted with her own small supply of Compound X because it sometimes needed to be administered to patients on the sly and mealtimes were a good time to do it, she had a soft spot for Angus even though he behaved like a pig most of the time, she'd grown up on a farm and liked her men with a few rough edges.
As Jana reached a climax under the probing fingers, the obese Scotsman behind the wall filled her cute little bra cup with his hot muck and there was a lot of it due to the Compound X, he shot stream after stream of sperm into the soft material, his orgasm was tremendous, but the computer failed to detect it as he watched them cavorting on the monitor.
"Yes.....yessss.....yesssssssss.....oh Goddddd....!"
"That's okay baby, that's good, let Valerie do the work."
Jana moaned as she rode Valerie's fingers and the waves of orgasm swept through her, Angus squeezed the last couple of drops into the bra cup and some of it spilled down his hairy leg, he vowed that one day he'd fuck the arse off the blonde tart, she was so stuck up and she'd been teasing him for far too long, he swore that one of these Monday's he was going to let her have it good and proper.
"I'm gunning for the Swedish bitch as well.....I'll av'em both!
A few minutes later the women had dried off and wrapped themselves in fluffy towels, they left the locker room to the men who were next into the shower, including Hugh for some reason, even though he hadn't been in the pool!
"What were they doing for so long do you think?"
"Don't know exactly Dave, but I could have a good guess, one of the little crackers just got lucky I reckon."
Brian soaped his half hard cock as he spoke, even like that it was enormous and I stared, my erection was still rampant and I kept my hands over it instead of getting washed, it was so embarrassing if front of the others like that.
"Don't worry David, it's the Compound X, you're not used to it yet."
"We won't take it personally Dave, relax."
I moved my hands to rinse my hair through, knowing they were checking out my stiffy, but they seemed okay about it.
"So if they were.....you know, would it be tracked by the system."
"Well, if the boss says it's okay, then, you know, a little afternoon delight is fine sometimes.....I wonder who it was, what do you think Steve, Erica or Jana?"
"I reckon Erica, she's always hot after a swim."
Hugh was still fantasising about the women with his back towards the others, he wanted to have a good wank, but the system would probably catch him, his hard on was gradually fading at last and he couldn't wait for the morning, he'd make sure to get some release during the system test, facing the wall, his cock was only inches from the hidden camera and Angus liked to look at men as well as women, his biggest turn on was for them not to know he was looking.
I felt a little uneasy sharing a shower like this with a bunch of guys who were sexually charged, I didn't feel any gay tendencies usually, but there was something different here, sex was so much a part of everyday life at the Academy that I wondered how I'd feel as the situations developed in front of me.
Behind the wall, Angus was still glued to the monitor, he studied the new bloke's cock carefully, he was getting hard again, they were taking ages in there and the Compound X was kicking in again, he wanted to do it all over again and took a big swig from his bottle of beer to top himself up, he knew how the stuff worked.
"That Angus character looks a right old duffer, he was lurking around as I was taking the tour with Jana."
"Yeah, he would be, Jana gets to him something rotten, but wait till you see Sylvia man, she is something else."
"All the women are gorgeous, no wonder you lot are always smiling."
Hugh turned to face us then and I noticed his cock was still tumescent but he didn't seem too embarrassed, I got a closer look at that very bulbous head of his, it was one that would please any woman, especially up the back passage.....
STOP THINKING LIKE THAT, YOU'VE GOT COMPANY HERE!
I didn't want to show myself up in front of the guys, so I tried to think about something other than the women, but it wasn't easy, the sights in the pool had been mesmerising.
"You ready for the morning then Dave, you know, the tests and all?"
"Yes, yes I suppose so, how hard can it be?"
"Marvellous choice of words old boy, you'll find out in the morning."
Hugh chuckled and stepped out of the shower, they were all grinning broadly and I felt like a simpleton.
"So what will it be like then?"
Steve turned off the water and looked around furtively, as though we were being spied upon.
"Well it's good after a while, you have to put your dick in one of the girlies to register a contact, the question of who gets who is always the key to the whole thing, sometimes it's pre-planned and sometimes we get to choose, we even have a kind of lottery to spice up the whole thing occasionally, stops it getting too boring."
BORING HE SAYS!
"Mmm, sounds fun."
"Oh it can be, I can think of worse ways of clocking on to start the week."
I HOPE I GET JANA.....PLEASE GOD?
"Why did you say.....after a while Steve?"
"Well that's the only snag Dave, you see, when you've just joined you have to do it slightly different for the first couple of weeks."
"Oh really....?"
Steve got to the nitty gritty and everyone was looking serious.
"Yeah, you see the computer has to check your.....output"
"My output....?"
"Yeah, the system is capable of detecting an orgasm as you know by now, but the event also has to be verified in front of witnesses."
"Verified....?"
I DON'T LIKE THE SOUND OF THIS.
"Sorry to tell you this mate, but they make you masturbate into a sample cup in front of everyone, you know, to prove it's really yours."
"What....!"
Steve's voice took on a more worried tone.
"Yeah.....and if you can't get it up then you have to use a glory hole in the screens, somebody with no teeth gives you a good gumming to get you hard, now who do you think could possibly have false teeth around here?"
I thought about that and gulped.....
"Gwen, the cook!"
"Who else?"
"Oh my God no!"
"Oh yes David, she's got some serious suction, I can tell you!"
"Uuurrrghhhh."
"Of course we're not meant to let on that we know who it is, we wouldn't want any awkward moments in the queue at supper time now would we?"
"No, I guess not."
The other guys were keeping straight faced as I considered this with a worried look, then Hugh took it further.
"Don't look so troubled old boy, old Gwen has a lovely mouth."
We were getting dried and dressed as the banter continued and my hard on was rapidly diminishing, I was dreading the idea of having to wank off in front of everybody, that was too much to expect really, I wasn't at all sure if I could face it, maybe this job would be too much for me, I just wasn't that uninhibited.
OH WELL, IT WAS FUN WHILE IT LASTED.
Brian patted me on the back.
"Don't worry sport, it's not that bad, we've all done it."
OH YEAH.....DON'T WORRY MATE.....OKAY MATE.....NO PROBLEM MATE.....
I thought of watching Brian handling that monster cock of his, it would be quite an event with everyone gathered round, any guy rigged like that would have to be an exhibitionist!
Steve came to the rescue......
"We're pulling your chain David, don't listen, what we really do isn't half as bad as that."
"I wish someone would tell me exactly what to expect."
"Don't worry mate, you'll find out soon enough, just hop out of bed in the morning and throw on your dressing gown, then muster in the office by seven thirty sharp, don't be late because Valerie can get snappy, oh, and make sure you brush your teeth, might get a better welcome from the ladies that way."