How a watcher from across the street is invited by my wife to join us and spent the afternoon.
"Someone's watching us."
I was too engrossed to hear her. She was perched above me, on her hands and knees and my face was buried between her legs. My tongue was working on her aroused clit and then sliding between the swollen lips of what she always called her cunny. Her clit was hard and getting harder and aroused. And she was getting wetter and wetter as I used my tongue. My tongue slid between her lips and probe deeper inside her, tasting her arousal, which was such sweet nectar. I tried to extend my tongue deeper inside her seeking to tease her and increase her wetness and arousal. Margaret pushed her sex down on my face, grinding a little and urging me.
Margaret loved oral sex and would quickly get wet and aroused, which she was now. She, in the meantime, had been using her lips and tongue on my cock, sliding her tongue up and down and then taking me in her mouth, sliding her tongue around the head of my cock and teasing the opening from where pre cum was emerging. She's always been a great cock sucker during our more than 25 years of marriage. Indeed, the first night we met at a business get together she had taken my in her mouth when I finally got her alone in a quiet part of the office. I had fucked her as well that night. From then on we were together, marrying a year later.
"I said someone is watching us," she repeated a little louder. This time I heard her.
I'd been so consumed with what I was doing to her that I hadn't realised she'd stopped sucking my cock. That got my attention. My cock was wet and with the air conditioning cooling the room her warmth was gone and a faint chill enveloped it. It was sticking straight up pushing slightly against the side of her face.
My head dropped down onto the bed. "Where?" I asked.
"From across the street."
We were back in one of our twice yearly visits to San Francisco, staying as usual, in one of the small boutique hotels on Sutter Street, a couple of blocks up from Union Square. The hotel was reasonably quiet, very clean, friendly and familiar and the rooms were bigger than most boutique hotels. We're visitors from Australia and she's a well-toned and fit 60 while I'm reasonably fit and a couple years older. We had a daughter back home at a regional university, which allowed Margaret and I to not only get back into travelling as a couple but to rekindle a lot of the active sex life we'd had when we first got together.
It was early summer and the light was streaming through the wide street facing windows and along with the bedside lamps the maid had left on when she'd serviced the room, there were no shadows across the bed. It was a bright and open room and, as Margaret now discovered, more open than usual.
"In the hotel across the street," she said when I had been silent. "Must be the same floor as us. "He's at the window," she added.
Margaret and I (Bill) had been out all morning and, when we came back mid-afternoon after a long and casual lunch where we'd split a bottle of delightful Oregon Pinot Gris, she'd been in a playful and sexy mood, which led us to be spread across the bed in slow and sensual oral sex. It was a perfect way to spend a late afternoon before getting ready to go out to dinner.
"You forgot to close the curtains," I said, laughing. It was a joke between us that when something was wrong or amiss I would be the first to tell her she hadn't done something about it. Her reaction was to slap my leg, with a succinct "Bullshit."
"He's gone," she said, still propped up on her elbows and her mouth disconnected from my hard and still slightly chilly cock. Her voice was slightly concerned.
"You sound disappointed, Margaret," I told her. "I think you like an audience."
At times on our previous trips she had shown how more uninhibited she could be away from home, wearing more revealing clothes, lower cut tops, a tight skirt she'd bought with a slit down one side and heels and black fishnet stockings. My favourite was a short sleeve rugby top, which had a deeper than usual opening in the front. She would leave the buttons undone and with a push up bra would show off her 36" C cup tits. She knew I liked seeing her wearing the top and she always had it with her when we left home. It was usually worn with tight, colourful training bottoms that showed off her tight, rounded ass. In that combination she always a lot of glances, some very obvious, which she wouldn't admit she enjoyed.
More than a few times she would lean over when looking at things in a store when a male employee, usually a mature one, was standing in front of her. I chided her on how she liked to flash her tits at men and she always smiled back, agreeing with me. I did enjoy her exhibitionist streak. But while she flirted with men in different situations and would flash her tits and sometimes stockings tops, the Margaret I'd first met was, for the most part, no longer there. She no longer sought sex with a number of men nor showed them her talent as a cock sucker. She would fantasise and roleplay when we were having sex and I would bring other men into our bed conversations, laced with the explicit language she enjoyed, but she always said that my cock was now enough for her. This was exacerbated when our daughter was born and growing up.
We were never averse to having sex in more open and public places, usually initiated by her. On hikes she would stop and drop her shorts and panties and with a cheeky grin say: "Let's play." That would result in sex on the ground or, on one memorable occasion, her lying legs raised and apart on a huge rock and me thrusting my cock into her so wet cunny. On a beach where we sometimes stayed she would have skimpy shorts without panties and my cum dripping from her cunny, dampening the shorts and sometimes dribbling down her legs. "I'm no prude," she'd tell me when I roleplayed other men "but your cock is enough for this cunny." Many times, I wished she would revert to the old days and enjoy another cock.
"Huh," was all she said to my audience comment about our watcher and resumed sucking, licking and teasing my cock. I lay back enjoying her undoubted expertise, looking up at her swollen lips and protruding clit.
"Don't worry, my sweet," I said to her as she heightened my arousal, "he's a man, and he'll be back."
That she hadn't left the bed to close the curtains stuck in my mind as I felt her mouth and warm breath on my cock. Perhaps she liked being watched. There had always been an exhibitionist streak in her, which always made me horny.
"When he does come back you'll have to put on a show for him," I said, hoping to reinforce my increasing arousal.
"What?"
"Show him how good a cock sucker you really are."
She ignored me and slid her tongue up the side of my cock and licked off the pre cum that smeared the head. I used my tongue on her clit, licking and teasing it and pushing upwards a little so I could use my teeth gently on it. I alternated between my tongue and teeth and could feel her getting more and more aroused. When Margaret gets fully aroused a real hint of being slutty comes to the fore, something that turns me on even more. I'd always had a little bent for slutty women, which Margaret was aware of and when she was hot and horny she got into being slutty.
In less than a minute I heard her say: "He's back."
"Told you. Now you have to put on a show for him."
Margaret said nothing but her movement on my cock increased. She had her audience now and she was playing to him. Her mouth was on and around my cock and her tongue was licking and teasing and sliding up and down my shaft. She was really into it and I had to strain to stop my climax. This was too good to be over quickly. While she worked on my cock, I resumed my attack on her clit and cunny. She was getting wetter and wetter and my tongue was lapping it up. I let my head slip back on to the bed.
"You're loving this, Margaret," I told her, almost panting. "I can tell as your cunny is getting wetter and wetter. You love him watching don't you?"
"Mmmmmm," was all she said, and let my cock slip out of her mouth. Then she added: "It's horny isn't it?"
"It is."
I took a chance and asked her to kneel at the bottom of the bed and show off her tits and cunny. I wasn't sure she was prepared to go this far as, although we'd talked during sex of playing with other men, I figured she'd hold back. But she didn't, which showed how horny she was. She got off me and knelt at the base of the bed, looking straight out the window at our watcher. As I also watched, she began playing with her tits, holding them up, cupping them, massaging them and pulling at her now hard nipples. Then she reached down and her two hands began to play with her cunny. She hadn't had a full Brazilian but almost and there was just a line of hair above the lips she was obviously now opening and rubbing. I couldn't see exactly what she was doing as I was lying, propped up, at the head of the bed. I was getting so turned on as she performed for her watcher.
She turned her head towards me, smiling and said: "I feel like such a slut. I'm so wet."
She knew I liked her when she got into a slutty mood. Then I made a decision to increase her pleasure, and mine.
"Wave to him," I said.
"What?"
"Wave to him as you've included him in our fun. Let him know."
She didn't answer but I saw one of her arms lift up. She waved her arm backwards and forwards several times while at the same time using her other hand to massage and play with her cunny.
"He's waving back," she said. She paused and the added: "He's playing with his cock. He's showing it to me."
Margaret was still propped up on her knees, her legs slightly apart, looking across the street at the man who'd been watching us and was now showing her his cock. She seemed to be a little transfixed by what she was watching. She was watching the watcher.
"It's turning you on him watching you suck my cock and showing off, isn't it, Margaret," I said as a statement. "You're giving him a little porn show."
"Maybe," she answered, "but it is fucking horny."
When Margaret was really aroused she slipped naturally into direct language, which she liked two ways.
"It is and your cunny would surely tell me how horny you are." Then I added to add to the eroticism I was feeling: "What's his cock like?"
"Hard and thick," she said with a sigh and added: "Nice."
I was so horny by now that I decided to play to one of my exhibitionist and wife-sharing fantasies and to try and rekindle her past. It would be a gamble, but I was so horny and I knew she was too that I went ahead.
"Would it be better, Margaret, if he was sitting in the chair by the bed here rather than across the street looking in our window?"
It was now out there and hanging for her response. It was also something that made me hornier thinking of the possibilities.
"What?"
"You heard."
She hesitated.
"Well," I said, "you're horny, I'm horny and he's, from what you say, horny, so maybe we bring it all together."
"Invite him over?"
"Yes," I said, "we're away from home and let's have some fun."
"You're serious?"
"Yes."
Before she could say anything else, I told her to wave him over. I knew she was more than tempted. Her body had given her away. Do it a couple of times, I said, so he knows what you mean.
"Are you sure about this?" she asked me, turning around to look directly at me. I thought for a few seconds and nodded.
"What about you?"
Like me she thought for a few seconds and then told me slowly and softly that there'd been times in the last few years where she'd imagined seeing what it was like again to have another cock in her mouth or cunny. Seeing the guy watching and then him showing her his cock had rekindled those thoughts. I was surprised that she had wanted, unspoken, what I did.
"I'd never do this at home," she said, now looking across the street again, her back to me. "I'd never do anything there that might jeopardize us or our family. But, being away makes things different."
She hesitated and turned her head around to look at me, saying: "Somehow, I think you want me to do it." She paused before adding: "And I think I want to as well."
"I know you're always are more uninhibited when we're away. You dress to show of your great body and you know I like that. And involving someone else is so fucking horny and something I've imagined more than once but never thought you'd go ahead with it."
She shrugged her shoulders, looking away from me and across Sutter Street.
I had imagined many times watching her take another cock in her mouth and then open her legs and cunny for his cock. Never really pictured the guy. Just her. Looking sensual and slutty, dressed to show of her tits and ass and playing up to the man. It had always made me so hard and I had wanted to share my desires with her but had never had either the courage or the opportunity. Now the opportunity had been presented, unexpectantly, to both of us. And, after watching her play with her tits and cunny especially for him, I was so aroused and I could see by how she was moving and talking that she was too.
That's when I came back to the present. I said that if he looks interested and waves back, then first hold up her hand with four fingers showing to indicate our floor and then both hands with ten fingers to show our room. Margaret did hesitate for a few seconds and then I felt her stand up off the end of the bed. Then there was some arm movement. As I looked down, I saw the one hand go up with four fingers and then the two hands with ten fingers outstretched. We both waited and I was a little unsure about what had been set in train. She did it a second time just to be sure he saw.
"Excited, apprehensive?" I asked her after she'd told me he'd disappeared from the window.
She nodded. "But you know, Bill," she said softly, "if he knocks on the door he's going to fuck me."
It was my turn to nod. "After the show you put on for him Margaret, I don't doubt that at all." The I added: "Do you want to fuck him?"
"Yes, I do," she said simply. "Can you handle that?" She looked a bit sheepish.
That it was someone we didn't know, had never met, somehow to me made it all the more erotic, sensual and slutty. Margaret playing the slut was usually only at home when we were alone. But now she was doing it for another man. It was a new experience and not only one I had fantasized about but also now realizing it may be about to happen.
"Yes," I said with just a little hesitation, "after all it was my suggestion to invite him over. For some reason, I think I've wanted it for a while."
It seemed that the desire had been there for some time, in both of us. All it took was an opportunity and that desire flourished.
I smiled at her and took her in my arms and kissed her, tasting both her and my arousal. "Just remember, I love you so much and you are the most exciting and sensual woman ever. What I've seen in the last few minutes reinforces that. You're magic and you make me feel so horny."
While I held her, I slipped my hand between her legs and she was so wet, almost dripping her arousal. The lips of her cunny were swollen and inside her she was so warm. Margaret pushed against my fingers and with my thumb massing and teasing her clit, two fingers slipped inside easily. She opened her legs a little more and my fingers explored the inside of her cunny, finding the little ridges and the sides. She pushed hard against my fingers, savouring what I was doing. She was so aroused. My hard cock was pressing against her, leaving a trail of pre cum across her stomach. My mouth kissed her ears and my tongue played with her ear lobes.
"You want to see his cock up close, don't you?" I whispered in her ear.
"Oh yes," she replied, "I want to see it, touch it, hold it and see how hard it is."
"You're such a wanton slut, Margaret," I said, adding, "And it's so good."
I broke the embrace as she murmured and, smiling a bit ironically, I closed the curtains and switched on the floor lamps to produce some subdued lighting. She stood there, naked, watching me. I slipped on a pair of briefs, pushing in my hard cock, and suggested she put her little thong back on as well as the transparent cape-like robe she'd worn earlier. The robe came down to level with her ass and with a thong made her look very sexy and more than a bit slutty. The was so much sexual tension in the air as we waited to see if there was a knock on the door. The hotel did not have all the security systems of newer, more modern hotels so I knew if he came over he could easily get to our room. It was just a question of would he?
The minutes that we waited, silently, in our room seemed to drag. Maybe he wasn't going to take up the offer and invitation? Would our previously repressed desires remain unfulfilled? I hoped not but was uncertain. The sexual tension was increasing along with the waiting.
"What if ... ," Margaret started to say, implying he may not come over at all. Before she could finish, however, there was a quick but firm knock on our door.
Margaret and I looked at each other. Was this what we wanted? She slowly went to the door and looked through the peephole. Turning towards me, she nodded. It was him. Then she took a breath and opened the door. Dressed in well-cut casual trousers and a polo shirt, the man walked in with confidence rather than any swagger. He looked quickly around the room, noticing the now closed curtains.
He smiled at me and said in a friendly and relaxed voice with a slight Midwestern accent: "I see no one else can now see what I saw."
"No," I said, standing near the bed in only briefs, "that was an accident."
"An accident I enjoyed," he said and introduced himself as he studied Margaret in the transparent robe and small black lace thong.
He was Chad, 58, an architect from Missoula, Montana, in San Francisco for a conference. He said he eschewed the conference hotel ("Why do I want to talk shop 16 hours a day?") for the smaller hotel on Sutter. He looked about 200 pounds and a few inches above six feet. Clean shaven with a tanned face. His hair was lighter brown with some streaks of grey. He was good looking and well built, with no hint of excessive weight. The gold band on his left hand indicated he was married.
I, on the other hand, was four years older, less fit, grey haired, just on six feet and 170 pounds, a few of which I should have lost. Wearing just briefs highlighted that I needed to get fitter and more in shape.
Margaret, at 60, 5'6" and 110 pounds showed some post-menopause waist thickening, which she endeavoured to keep under control with the gym, exercise bike, weights and walking. The exercises and weights also helped reduce the excess pounds on her arms. Through the transparent robe her tits had obviously sagged a little but her legs and ass showed the benefits of being toned. She did have a great and sexy ass, as I told her a lot. Streaked blond hair was cut in a bob, showing off her angular face with bright blue eyes, a cute nose and a natural mouth, now highlighted with the red lipstick she'd just applied. Chad made no secret of appraising her and looked her straight in the eyes to show he liked what he saw.
"You've dressed since I last saw you," he said to her with just a touch of irony.
"Can't invite someone in naked," she responded with a warm, almost laughing, smile.
"What you're wearing," he said, "makes you look even sexier and so much more desirable. And you're even more attractive up close."
Chad explained that he'd been doing some work at the desk in front of the window and had glanced up to see Margaret sucking my cock. He had been drawn to watch her and admire the erotic show in front of him. He said he'd jumped up when she looked over and saw him and moved away from the window. But when he saw that we hadn't closed the curtains he moved back to watch more. And, he added, get more aroused. Then after she'd waved he'd slipped off his trousers and boxers and started to stroke his hard cock and show her the effect she'd had.
"It was that the curtains stayed open," he said, "that I figured you guys didn't mind an audience and there was no problem with me watching."
The surprise for him came when she waved again, but this time indicating for him to come over and held up her fingers to show him our room number.
"That was my idea," I said. "By then Margaret was so horny that I decided to take a chance."
"I'm glad you did," Chad responded. "Margaret is so sexy and so publicly horny."
"And we thought you'd be more comfortable up close rather than at the window," Margaret said, with her hand showing him the large chair while she obviously enjoyed the close attention he was giving her with his eyes.
"I'm, or we're, not like this all the time," she added quickly. "It was something that just happened this afternoon."
"What?" he asked, "the show or the sex."
"The sex," she responded. "The show started off, as Bill said, as an accident but it got me so horny and, I must confess, a little slutty."
"I'm glad it did," Chad said and then added: "Now that I'm here, are you going to continue?"
He'd brought the banter to an end and stated the real reason he was now standing in our room. Chad had taken some control and, as neither Margaret nor I resisted, he began to slip off his clothes and hang them over the chair by the small desk. He stripped down to his stretch cotton boxers and turned around. Both of us could see his hardening cock pushing against the tight cotton fabric of his boxers. He openly adjusted it, just to ensure Margaret was focussed on it.
"What do you two have in mind?" he asked, placing the onus on us.
Looking directly at Chad's cock, Margaret slipped of the thin robe and stood still. I came up behind her and kissed her neck and ears and then slipped my hand down to her thong. She was so wet when I eased a finger into her cunny.
"You're feeling slutty again, my love," I told her with my mouth right next to her ear but loud enough for Chad to hear.
She said nothing but pushed her ass back into me. Gripping the band on each side I slowly pushed the thing down. She opened her legs just a little to let the skimpy garment slide down her legs and when it was below her knees let it slip off and then used one of her feet to kick it away. She was acting so hot and wanton. I slipped my briefs off and lay down, lying across the bed so my feet were pointed at Chad. Margaret slid onto the bed and was on her hands and knees above me, looking straight at Chad. That's when she ran her face against my cock, rubbing it on her cheeks. She let her tongue slip out of her mouth and began to lick my shaft up and down. I lay back enjoying the sensations she was giving me.
Chad had moved the armchair so he was facing Margaret as she used her mouth and tongue on my cock. Before he sat down, with something close to a leer on his face, he slipped his tight cotton boxers off, freeing his now hard cock. It was, as Margaret had said, thicker than mine and, from what I could see, a little longer than my 6 inches. He lightly stroked it as he watched the scene unfold before his eyes and the direct looks Margaret was giving him as she sucked. I had now buried my tongue in her wet and aroused cunny, using it as a weapon to get her to an even higher state of arousal. As she sucked my cock and displayed her skills for Chad, she kept pushing her pubic bone against my face to get more of my tongue inside her. I could tell she was as aroused as I hadn't seen her for many years. Not since the first couple of years that we were together, when the norm for us sex was slow and sensual lovemaking or, alternatively, raw and urgent fucking.
Now she was sucking my cock while I used my tongue to tease her clit, thrust inside her and begin what was our usual prelude to sex, sensual and slow or raunchy. Except this afternoon on a bed in a San Francisco hotel room she was focussed on another man. For a few years that had been my fantasy and the subject of raunchy talk during sex . But now it was actually happening and the man was only a few feet away from her, naked like her, stroking his hard and thick cock and I knew that he would soon fuck her. She knew it and he knew it. In fact, as he had sat down to watch her oral skills he had said to her quiet directly: "You know I'm going to fuck you."
She had stood as he faced her from across the street and played with her tits and cunny, teasing and arousing him in an almost private porn show. Once she waved at him and signalled him to cross the street, both at my suggestion but with her agreement, I was going to see my wife of 25 years opening her mouth, legs and cunny for another man's hard cock. And I knew that that was what she now wanted. It was what I wanted too.
Chad wanted it as well and he must have figured he'd waited long enough. I saw movement as he rose and stood right in front of her with his rampant cock pointing at her face. When I felt my cock slip out of her mouth as she pushed up on her arms to come closer to him I knew the first steps had been taken.
"Must be my turn now, Margaret," I heard him say.
My tongue was no longer in her cunny as she moved down the bed, closer to Chad. I rolled over on my side so I had a perfect view as she got just on her knees in front of him. As I watched, my wife was slowly stroking his cock, rubbing his balls. Then she wrapped her hand around it. He moved a step forward and is cock was an inch from her mouth. He stopped and I realised he was going to make her come to his cock as his way of taking over. I felt Margaret move forward again and saw her tongue begin to lick the head of his cock and swirl around it and then push against his small hole to savour his pre cum.
"Mmmmm," she said, even with her lips and tongue circling his cock.
"Show your husband how much you like sucking my cock, Margaret," Chad said to her.
She twisted her head a bit so I could see his cock inside her mouth and she really started sucking it up and down and then using her tongue all along his shaft.
"You like working on that cock, don't you? Using your tongue and wet mouth to get it harder."
Margaret nodded and didn't stop sucking his cock as I watched. I was getting so hard watching her, realising that it was my unspoken fantasy come true. Her head was bobbing up and down and Chad had his hands in her hair urging her on and indirectly directing her when he wanted. She was totally under his control.
"You want that cock inside you now, don't you?" he said stopping her head from moving and just leaving his cock as deep as possible inside her mouth. "You want to open your legs and feel it in your wet cunt?"
She pulled her head back and looked up at him. "I don't like that word. For me it's my cunny."
Without hesitation Chad said: "Cunny is for respectable wives. For slut wives it's always their cunt. Don't you agree Margaret? At the moment you're a slut wife."
Then she surprised me and showed a side of herself I hadn't seen for over 20 years. The slutty Margaret I'd once enjoyed was back and now she was lying on the bed. Another man's cock had been in and next to her open mouth, her wet open mouth.
"I am being a slut," she said to Chad, "and I like being a slut."
"Then what am I going to fuck, Margaret?"
"You're going to fuck my cunt. You're going to put your hard cock in my slutty wet cunt."
"You think your husband will like that?"
She looked over at me and saw me stroking my hard cock and looking at her and Chad. She looked back to Chad and nodded.
Chad then turned to me: "Bill, go and get some towels from the bathroom as I think Margaret is so horny that she'll cum an awful lot and we don't won't the bed too messy."
Without thinking I walked over to the bathroom and grabbed a large towel. I had followed his instruction without question. It had seemed natural. I spread the towel over the bed and Chad told Margaret to lie on her back in the middle and spread her legs. Like me, she did it without hesitation. Chad got on his knees between her legs and slowly lower his face, seeking what she now called her cunt. I stood level with her tits and watched, intrigued, almost mesmerised. His tongue reached her clit and started to tease her in much the same way as I often did and had just been doing. She arched her back trying to get more of his tongue but he kept a distance so just the tip of his tongue teased her.
"Be patient, Margaret," he told her, knowing she wanted his tongue working over her clit. "Just be patient as we have a long way to go."
He then resumed teasing her clit with his tongue and then slowly used his tongue to part her now swollen lips and add his wetness to hers. She was pushing up and down as Chad kept pushing his tongue inside her cunt and sighing and moaning softly as she gave in to the sensations.
After more minutes getting her close to a peak, he stopped. He lay there just looking over her public mound towards her head. She was lying back and her eyes were closed.
"Margaret," he said softly in his Midwestern accent, "you want me to fuck you now while Bill watches?"
"Oh yes, Chad" she said almost panting, "I want to feel your cock inside me."
"You want your husband to watch you taken by another man's cock?"
Before she answered (and we all knew the answer), Chad looked up at me. I could do nothing but nod as I so wanted to see him have his cock in her cunt. I was totally sexually enthralled by what was happening right next to me. The sight of Margaret first sucking his cock and then opening his legs for his tongue had made me so aroused. I didn't care that my wife of 25 years was going to take another cock. I just wanted it to happen.
"Up on your hands and knees, Margaret, and face towards Bill" he directed her and, like before she did exactly what he told her to. She opened her legs so her ass and cunt were presented to Chad. She got a surprise when he slapped her ass, not too hard but enough to make her jump.
"Sometimes sluts need a little discipline," he told her and then did it again. She murmured, almost a whimper.
Chad then knelt up between her legs and took his cock in his hand and teased her swollen cunt lips. I couldn't see exactly what he was doing but from the position he was in and Margaret's reactions I knew. Then I saw him push forward and I knew his cock was inside her. Margaret moaned loudly and pushed back to make sure he was deep inside her. Then slowly using his cock like a piston and holding her hips he made her feel all of his hard cock. The full length. I could see her face and her expression, which was sheer bliss, as he fucked her. Then she closed her eyes and I could see she was totally consumed by the feeling of his cock inside her. Strangely, I had no jealousy about what Chad was doing to my wife. Indeed, watching her she was almost serene.
"Bill," Chad said, breaking my train of thought, "why don't you get in front of her and ease your cock into her mouth so she can have us both."
I did, again without hesitation, and Margaret greedily took my cock in her mouth, sucking strongly as Chad kept thrust in and out of her cunt, which was now happily how I was calling it. He and I got into a rhythm, pacing our thrusts to be complementary. He kept going for abut 10 minutes when I felt his pressure ease back.
"She's getting so tight that I really have to push," he said, and both he and I knew she was fast approaching her first climax. "When she cums, Bill, I don't want you to cum as well. I've got something else in mind for when you and I cum in her."
Chad thrust in and held his cock deep inside Margaret's now tightening cunt, something I had experienced many times. He stayed stationary, leaving his cock imbedded, waiting for her to cum. She did quickly and her body shuddered as the orgasm hit. Chad kept hold of her hips and I held her head still as she came and came. Although my cock was still hard inside her mouth she was whimpering over and over as the orgasm flowed through her, outward from her now used cunt. Both of us stayed still and let her peak and then slowly come down.
My cock eased out of Margaret's mouth as I let her relax and Chad did the same easing his still hard cock out of her cunt. She flopped down on the bed, sated and her face so relaxed. I glanced over at the clock on the bedside table to see that it was nearly 45 minutes since Margaret had opened the door for Chad. That I was still hard and had not cum surprised me. Except in our first year, 20 minutes was my normal time at keeping hard before cumming.
Chad only let her lie for a few minutes. He was ready for what he told me the climax of the afternoon, when he and I would come inside her. He eased her slowly over to one side of the bed and lay down on his back with his knees at the bottom edge of the bed. He slipped a pillow under the towel, propping up his hips up so his cock was pointing directly at the ceiling. He asked me a question that I first thought was strange. He wanted to know if there was any lube handy. I nodded as Margaret always used lube in her ears to seal ear plugs so she could sleep when I began snoring. Get it, he directed and have it handy.
Then he told Margaret to lie on top of him and open her legs wide. "Slide my cock into your cunt," he directed, and she did, perched on top of him, impaled by his cock. Her ass was lifted up by the pillow under his lower back. He let her lie there for a few minutes, telling her to: "Fuck me, like I fucked you." I watched her go up and down as she took the dominant fucking role. He pulled her down by her shoulders and began kissing her deeply as she continued to use her cunt on his cock. Her actions told me she really into fucking Chad on top of him.
"Lube your fingers and play with her ass," he told me. Now I knew why he wanted me to get the lube. "Use a lubed finger to tease her hole."
Years ago, Margaret initiated using her fingers in my ass with me as we fucked and I had returned the pleasure, which got both of us to experience heightened orgasms. It became a regular feature of sex, but in recent years had dropped from our repertoire. From the tube of lube, I spread the solution across several of my fingers and then ran my hand down the divide between her ass cheeks. I found her puckered hole and teased it with one lubed finger. She broke her kiss with Chad when my finger probed her, the feeling from between her cheeks getting her attention. Chad leaned up and put his mouth on hers and resumed kissing as I probed more with my finger.
"Use a second one," he told me, breaking his kiss. From what was now becoming normal, I followed his direction. "Get her ass open," he added, and again I followed, using two lubed fingers the push in and move in circles to open her puckered hole, which was quickly becoming open.
"Margaret," he said, moving his mouth away from hers, "you've had cocks top and tail from us and now you're going to feel two cocks between your legs and the sensation will tip you over again."
Before she could say anything he resumed kissing her and had total control over her. He didn't have to tell me what he expected of me. We were going to doubly penetrate her. I removed my fingers for her now opened hole and stood right at the base of the bed, between her legs and straddling Chad's. I rubbed more lube on my cock and I parted her cheeks, exposing her ass fully. I brought my cock to her now less than puckered hole and the head of my cock teased the second opening of her body. I pushed it in just a bit so Margaret could be accustomed to its presence. The up and down movement of her body as she took Chad's cock actually helped my cock get deeper into her. Then I encountered her sphincter and knew I had to push harder to get past it and fully get my cock inside her as Chad had directed. Just before I was to push my cock further, she pushed her ass up as part of fucking Chad and, with a push from me, my cock was past the minor obstruction. Now like she was fucking Chad I could fuck her ass.
"I can feel your cock inside her, Bill," Chad said as he held her head against his neck, somewhat soothing her. "Can you feel mine?"
I could feel it hardness, separated from mine by thin membrane. To have your cock inside someone and to feel another cock almost rubbing yours was a sensation I'd never had and it was so good.
"Feeling this, Chad," I said, "I'm not going last long."
"What about you, Margaret?"
A soft "no" was all him and I heard as she kept pushing up and down on his cock and, at the same time driving me rapidly towards orgasm.
Chad started kissing her again and even thrusting up a bit as she pushed down on his cock. I kept thrusting from behind pushing my cock deeper into her. I figured he wanted us all to cum at the same time. It was almost like a foot race, trying to work out the right timing strategy to ensure the desired result was achieved.
"Oh fuck," said Margaret loudly, "I'm cumming." My cock felt the first of her spasms as she climaxed.
I came just after her and my cum flowed into her ass. The I felt Chad's cock twitch a lot as he came as well. We were maybe a few seconds out from simultaneous orgasms but it was so close and my ejaculation was stronger than I'd had for many years.
As we lay there, Margaret on top of Chad and me on top of her, all savouring the feelings, I had to say out loud: "That was fucking awesome."
I was the first to move. I slid off Margaret and lay on my back beside her and Chad. She kept kissing him in that post orgasm bliss and then she leaned off him a bit and kissed me, her tongue sliding in my mouth. I kissed her back and our tongues played with each other. As she kissed me, Chad slapped her ass, making her jump and breaking our kiss.
"I have to go," he said. "I've got a meeting in about an hour and I need to shower and change."
Margaret rolled off him and lay on her stomach beside him, questioningly. He got up.
"Can't go the meeting reeking of sex," he said as an explanation as he stood by the bed. "If I did and they knew what we'd been doing then I think a few of them would love to meet you two."
He gave a friendly laugh and went to the bathroom. We heard the water turn on as I moved over to lie next to Margaret. We stayed there as the water ceased and Chad came back into the room. He gathered his clothes, dressing quickly.
"That was so fucking good, Margaret," he said when he was dressed. "I'll be finished around 7.30 if you guys want to go out to dinner and we can get better acquainted. If you are we can meet in the foyer of my hotel and there's a great restaurant I've tried and I think you'd like it.
He came over to the bed and lightly massaged Margaret's ass and kissed her on the top of her head. She turned over on her side and he kissed her slowly and deeply. After a long kiss he stepped back.
"I do hope you'll join me," he said and moved towards the door, opening it and leaving.
For a minute or so after he left, Margaret and I lay on the bed silent. The I leaned over and with one arm I drew her towards me. Then I kissed her, lips and tongue which had just kissed Chad. As I pulled her in tight, her left leg over mine, one of my hands slipped down and was massaging her ass. I kept kissing her, massaging her and holding her. I slipped my middle finger to its usual place when I was caressing her, right at the top of where her ass cheeks parted. The rest of my fingers were splayed, feeling most of her cheeks and the delightful soft skin of her ass.
"I love you so much," I said breaking the silence. "That was the most erotic experience I think I've ever had."
She wrapped her free arm around me and held on. "It was, wasn't it," she said ever so softly. That was something totally new for us," she added.
"I love you, Margaret," I repeated, reassuring her of my feelings towards her.
She propped herself up on one elbow, looking into my eyes. "I love you too," she said, "and always will."
The she rose. "I have to have a shower. I've got so much cum in my cunt that I'm dripping."
"Your cunt?" I asked.
"Yes," she said, "Chad was right. Cunny is for when I'm a respected married woman. When I'm a slut wife it's my cunt. And, right at this moment I'm a slut wife." She paused for a bit, then added: "I might stay a slut wife for a while."
"And that would be great as I love my slut wife," I said, smiling.
On her feet, she turned back to me: "Are we going to go out to dinner with Chad?"
"Your call, my love," I said as she turned and walked to the bathroom without answering.
I lay on the bed reflecting what had happened, how she had enjoyed the sex with first Chad and then both of us and how I enjoyed it as well. I guess I knew we'd be meeting Chad for dinner. The idea of that started to get me hard again.