(Dee wrote this one!)
I love Crown Casino in Melbourne. It's full of life, fun and atmosphere. The gamblers, the party people, the security staff, it's all fun. Shops, restaurants, the cinemas, the river -- there's something for everyone.
This is a story about one particular adventure I had when I visited Crown recently. I hope you like it.
Georgie, my best friend and I, went into town to go shopping. We had both dropped our kids off at friends for the night, and our husband's, Steve and Chas, were meeting us for dinner after work, and we were staying the night in the Crown Promenade hotel. Our rooms were next to each other and we arrived just after lunch so we could do some serious shopping, and relax with a swim in the hotel pool before dressing for dinner.
We decided to check out the new DFO outlet at the Southern Cross Station. It's massive, and there are literally hundreds of bargains to be had. We laughed, shopped, browsed, bought and then headed back to the Casino with our arms laden with great bargains. We even bought new teeny weeny bikinis and a few sexy lingerie outfits to surprise the fellas later that night.
Arriving back at our rooms, we decided to put on the new swimmers and head down to the pool, planning to order some nibblies and have a few cocktails as we relaxed in the luxury of the pool deck. If you've ever been to the Promenade, you'll know what I mean. The pool is set under a gorgeous rooftop, and surrounded by private decking areas where you can sunbake, relax, read the paper and order food and drink. It's just the thing for a couple of women shagged out from a morning's shopping!
In my room, I put on the new black bikini I had bought. It was very brief, just the way I liked it. I knew that I would cause a few heart rates to rise around the hotel pool, and I loved knowing that a few women would also be pissed at me wearing a thong in front of their hubbies. I didn't care! You all know I love to tease, and I also believe that men love to be teased, so I put it on, whacked on my stiletto heels for added effect, made sure no bits were hanging out, and grabbed my towel, and headed next door to pick up Georgie. In the hallway a man in his fifties or so saw me coming down the hallway, my towel draped over my shoulder.
"Hi there" I smiled, giving him a flash of my eyelids as I did so.
I knew that as he passed he would look back and notice that my bikini was actually a thong, and I wanted to make sure he got full effect, so as I knocked on Georgie's door, I leaned forward and stuck my mostly exposed bum out, before glancing back at him and smiling once more, his eyes agog at the buttocks and legs on show before him. I loved it!
Georgie opened the door and noticed I was giggling. She stuck her head out and saw the man down the hall. Reaching out to me, she pulled me inside. "You're hopeless Dee!" she cried. "We've only just got back and already you're teasing strangers?"
"Can I help it if he wanted to perve?" I asked -- smiling and flitting my eyelids the way I love to when giving an obvious answer!
"Come on, let's go" I said, and ushered Georgie out of her room.
She was also quite a sight. Her suit was a one piece, and was bright red. It had a brazilian bottom which barely managed to keep her hot bum in control, and was a halter style which plunged to the waist, showing off her nice boobs and flat tummy. On her feet she wore her favourite wooden clog sandals, and a towel also over her shoulder. Putting my arm around her waist, we headed to the pool for a much needed swim, feed, drink and sunbathe session.
We pushed the button for the lift, and as it arrived, we were almost bowled over by a group of men in suits, obviously on a convention of some sort.
"Sorry ladies" spoke the youngest of them, his eyes not even making contact with anything other than Georgie's boobs as they struggled to remain in their red lycra covering.
"No problem" said Georgie, "Just heading to the pool for some R&R".
We entered the lift to the stares and murmurs of the men, and Georgie pressed level 3 and we headed to the pool. The day was warm, and the sun shone through the glass walls of the pool deck. Out on the patio area, we found two lounges unoccupied, and made ourselves at home, before heading into the water for a quick dip to cool off from the morning's shopping.
In hindsight, I guess we made quite a sight as we both dropped our towels, took off our heels and made our way the forty metres or so along the pool courtyard to the deep end where wen entered the warm water. Diving in, I knew my butt crack would be displayed if I allowed myself to surface slowly whilst still swimming breaststroke. I'd caught sight of a few men with their wives at the far end of the pool, and wanted to give them a show. Georgie on the other hand, swam a strong length of the pool, and then, right in front of the group I was teasing, climbed out of the water, pushed the water from her hair and heaved her breasts against the now soaking wet material encasing her clearly visible breasts. It was sensational! Teasing at it's best, and she was very good at it too. After all, she was my best friend!
We swam around a while, before deciding it was time to eat and have a cocktail. We slowly walked up the steps, making sure to let the water cascade slowly off our bodies as we left the pool. Walking along the edge of the pool back to our lounges, I made sure to reach back and wipe the excess water from my exposed ass cheeks, the thong buried well and truly inside my now quite hungry ass crack as the small band of material wiggled it's way between my anus and my sphincter muscles.
Reaching our towels, I took mine and wiped the water off my body, making sure to dabble the area between my boobs in my black thong suit. Georgie too did same, before we put our sunnies back on, grabbed some tanning oil and took it in turns coating each other in the slippery, coconut smelling sunscreen. I love the way coconut oil smells, and also find the way it makes my body glisten in the sun very erotic.
Covered in oil, our bodies shimmering, we relaxed until a waiter came over, and we ordered pina colada cocktails to get us in the mood. We also ordered a platter of dips and crackers, not wanting to drink without getting some food in our system. We spent the next half hour chatting, eating and relaxing, enjoying each other's company. We talked about the night ahead, when our husband's would arrive and we would enjoy an evening of fun together in the gaming rooms, before dancing in the clubs and then heading back to our rooms for some private fun.
As I nibbled on a small stick of salami, I noticed the men we had run into at the lift earlier were arriving at the pool. They must have been English, because they were very white. They appeared to be about our age, although one or two were considerably older, and two were equally younger than the rest.
I was content to just sit and watch a while, but Georgie was clearly in a more randy mood. She always gets horny when she drinks, and whilst it was our first cocktail, it had started to have en effect on her already.
"Girl needs a pee" she said to me, standing and putting her heels on.
I noted with interest that she ignored the nearby change room, preferring to walk the length of the pool towards the far end bathrooms past the recently arrived group of men. Several of them had jumped into the water, and were splashing around, whilst the remainder were sitting on lounges and enjoyed the view of my good friend strutting her stuff as she walked past. Her ass was gorgeously wiggling as she made her way towards the bathrooms, and I watched her as she smiled to one of the men who was giving her a particularly long, hard stare.
I looked away a moment, distracted by a ball that splashed right near me, followed immediately by one of the two younger men who had just arrived. Scooping to pick up the ball, my boobs almost fell out of my skimpy top.
"Sorry ma'am. Hope we didn't make you wet?" he said with a delightful cockney accent, the emphasis on the 'make me wet' comment making me smile in response.
"On the contrary" I smirked as I tossed him the ball, "I was already quite wet before you arrived."
I turned away, knowing I'd got a reaction and pretending to ignore him! I glanced back and noticed he had quite a nice tight little butt, despite his lack of tan.
Returning my attention to where Georgie had been, I noticed the man she had acknowledged was also missing. He must have followed her, I thought to myself. Smirking, I imagined the poor bugger as my good friend was surely teasing him wickedly, making his balls blue.
I waited a while, snacking away on my nibblies, before deciding I should perhaps go looking for my best friend, who was taking way longer than it should take for one to have a wee!
I put on my heels, and walked along the pool, smiling and welcoming the attention of the men from the elevator as I made my way towards the bathrooms at the far end of the pool. I made sure to give my butt a little extra wiggle as I passed the young man who had collected the ball a while earlier.
As I turned into the entrance of the women's bathroom, I stopped. I could hear a familiar sound. It was a muffled groaning, combined with a suction like noise I knew to be only one thing. A man having his cock sucked. Sure enough, I snuck a peek around the corner to find my best friend, Georgie, on her knees wearing her red one piece swimsuit, her boobs out and being fondled by a man whose cock she was eagerly sucking for all she was worth!
I remained hidden from view, but enjoyed the show they were putting on. The guy was starting to pinch Georgie's nipples as she blew him, her eyes wide open as she engulfed his shaft with each new bobble of her head. Georgie is an excellent cocksucker, and I was enjoying her performance so much, that I reached down inside my black thong and found my clit. I leaned against the wall as I masturbated, and the man opened his eyes and saw me. He smiled through glazed eyes and moaned, which spurred Georgie on to greater throat action on his very stiff cock.
Behind me, I was suddenly aware of a body pressing against my ass cheeks. At first it was a hand, and I turned to see who it was. It was the young guy from the ball episode, and he momentarily took stock of the scene before him. His older work colleague was enjoying a head job from a hot looking babe in a red swimsuit, whist pinching and playing with her gorgeous tits. Immediately in front of him stood me, a tall woman of forty, wearing a tiny black g-string bikini, playing with her cunt in front of the other two, as he pushed his hand slowly lower on the firm ass cheek in front of him.
I moaned a little as he touched me, giving him the ok to continue his exploration of my ass as we both watched my friend Georgie sucking the cock of the stranger in front of her face. My head tilted back slightly, offering the stranger behind me the chance to kiss my neck, which he did. His warm breath hit my neck like an electric charge, and my left hand dropped to find his cock as my right hand continued frigging my own hot cunt.
There I stood, my hand tugging a cock of a young man as his own hands explored my ass in my bikini. In front of me my girlfriend was about to receive an oral dose of love as the cock in her mouth began to convulse. Georgie's eyes looked at me and her facial contact, along with the cumming cock that began to spurt into her hungry cock sucking mouth, send me over the edge into my own orgasm. My left hand tugged desperately at the cock in my fist, and the man behind me did his best to hold on to my ass as my own climax matched that of the man cumming in Georgie's mouth.
Suddenly the dick in my hand also started to spurt, and hot sticky cum splashed across my bare ass cheeks, narrowly missing my g-string suit thank goodness. The guy behind me just kept thrusting his hips as my hand pumped and pumped his cock until it could give no more seed. It was a wild scene, and the only one who hadn't cum so far was Georgie, whose cum covered chin and face made the perfect dish for me to lick clean. I finished wanking off my man, then gently approached Georgie, kissing her deeply on the mouth, the taste of the stranger's cum deep in her breath. I indicated that our two lovers should join us, and so we all three began to excite Georgie. I kissed her with my tongue snaking it's way inside her mouth, licking the excess cum from her tongue and lips as I did so. My hands explored the breasts I knew so well, encased loosely in the red swimsuit. Behind her the older guy was licking her ass, and my young man had positioned himself so as to finger fuck her with his own right hand as his left hand flickered her clit. She didn't last long.
Three minutes of this multi partner assault sent Georgie crashing over the edge into her own orgasm as we all stood there in the doorway of the ladies bathroom. It was intense and I managed to keep my mouth locked on hers as I squeezed her tits hard and guided her through her climax at the hands of the two men.
As she began to relax and her cum subsided, I released my grip on her boobs, and kissed her passionately.
"You naughty, naughty girl. I thought you just needed a pee!"
"I swear I did! I had no intention of doing anything more, but this handsome man followed me in and, well, I just couldn't help dropping to my knees and sucking him off baby!" she said, an almost pathetic smile hiding her lust for cock only for a moment.
We all giggled a little, and introductions were made.
"Hi boys, my name is Dee. This little tart is Georgie" I said.
"Nice to 'meet' you girls" said the older man as he cleaned the moisture from his face that had been buried in Georgie's ass. "I'm Tom and this young stud here is Richard. We're here for the technology convention and are staying upstairs."
"Well" said Georgie, "We're staying here too, but right now I need a swim and something to eat, so we'll catch you later on ok??"
With that, we all straightened our appearance, and as we both dived in the water to clean off and cool down, the boys returned to their co-workers, no doubt to tell the tale of their little conquest!
In the water we both cleaned the sperm and sweat from our bodies without letting the others around the pool know exactly what we were up to. My ass was covered in spunk from Richard's climax, and I smiled wickedly to myself as I recalled the feeling of his cum splashing all hot and sticky across my thong clad ass.
We spent the rest of the afternoon chatting and eating, and managed to consume three cocktails as we enjoyed the warmth of the sun on our semi-naked bodies. Throughout the day the guys and a few other guests walked past and checked us out, noticing the briefness of our swimsuits. I also knew that my ass was no doubt getting a lovely thong tan that I knew my husband loved so much. I always felt totally erotic when I knew a man saw my g-string tan lines on my ass for the first time, and was wondering if my husband would be the only one to see it later that night.
At about five, we decided to head back to our rooms to relax a little indoors. Both rooms had a spa in them, and so Georgie came into my room and we ran a lovely warm, bubbly tub and removed our swimsuits. Studying ourselves in the full length mirrors to the side of the bed, we checked out our tan lines. Georgie had a wonderful outline of her one piece suit, with a plunging dark section between her boobs, and my ass had a sexy little triangle on it from the tiny black thong bottom I had been wearing all afternoon. Georgie ran her hand across it, and we kissed passionately, the way friends and lovers do, before climbing gingerly into the warm water, as the sting of the slight sunburn took effect.
In the water, I soaped up my boobs, and washed them thoroughly, before washing under my arms and washing Georgie do the same as she soaped up her breasts and teased me, shaking and fondling them sexily in the tub across from me.
We shared a bottle of champagne in the hot tub, and after about an hour of relaxing, we were both totally tipsy and relaxed, our bodies starting to get that shrivelled grandma look!
I suggested we climb out and so did just that, towelling each other dry as we sat, then laid on the king size bed in my hotel room, watching a movie on the bed as we cuddled. I closed my eyes and attempted to drift off to sleep for a while, but was woken wonderfully by a tongue between my legs snaking it's way towards my still engorged clitoris. I splayed my legs apart and moaned loudly as my hands went to Georgie's head and gripped her by the hair as she ate me. I knew I was in for a wonderful time, as my girlfriend is a wonderful oral lover, for both men and women. It is her specialty, as the guy by the pool had found out hours before.
Before long her tongue was flickering my clit as two of her fingers were slowly pumping my pussy, fucking me in tandem with her tongue as it made me rapidly approach my second orgasm for the day. I raised my hands to my own boobs and began pinching my nipples the way I love them being done when I am about to climax. It worked once more, and I crashed into a thunderous lesbian orgasm thanks to Georgie's talented clit licking as she made me cum once more with her mouth. She kept going until I started to stop my thrashing motions, and her tongue then slowed to nibble and suck at my swollen love bud that was still in her hungry mouth, her fingers continuing to fuck me slowly until she withdrew them and licked them clean from my hot juices.
I decided to return the favour, and reached down into my make-up bag to retrieve my dildo that I had bought with me just in case. It's my favourite one, made of jelly and with fabulous small ribs all the way along it's length. I licked the full shaft of my toy and made it wet, before asking Georgie to lay back on the bed and spread her legs. As she did so, I reached forward and began to lick her clit and suck on her puffy little cunt lips I knew so well. Reaching forward with the dildo, I eased the first inch or so into her pussy, continuing to lick and wet the shaft with my spit as I flicked her clit with my tongue in the way only us girls know how to do.
We established a lovely rhythm of fucking and licking, with Georgie's hand back over her head, her legs and hips slowly starting to fuck the dildo faster and deeper as I licked her pussy. Soon I was really jamming the jelly toy into her cunt, my tongue going crazy with it's flicking motion, until she screamed out and began to thrash and writher all over the bed, almost breaking my jaw as she dislodged my tongue from her clit in the midst of her climax!
We must have both dozed off, because the next thing I knew, Steve, my husband, was standing over us both as we lay asleep cuddling on the bed! I looked up to see him smiling, a large bulge in the front of his pants betraying the fact he thought we must have looked pretty horny, laying there naked and entwined.
Waking slowly, Georgie also smiled and stretched as she saw Steve. She was completely naked, but my horny girlfriend made no attempt to cover her sexy body from my husband's eyes. She gradually got up, and then cool as you like, excused herself, left our room, totally naked, and returned to her own room next door, saying she would buzz us when Chas, he hubby, arrived for dinner.
Smiling to each other, Steve came to me and we kissed deeply, a lover's kiss.
"Seems like you've been enjoying yourselves?" he asked.
"OOhh, we were just snuggling up watching a movie baby! We must have both dozed off. You know shopping always makes me tired. Now let's get ready for dinner."
An hour later, the phone buzzed and we headed for dinner with Georgie and Chas. Steve was wearing a nice pair of black trousers with a tan shirt and shoes. I was wearing a black spandex gown, full length, with no underwear at all underneath, and thin spaghetti straps on my shoulders. In front, it plunged slightly between my breasts, but was more classy than sexy.
Dinner was lovely, and the four of us enjoyed lots of good food, warm laughter and much conversation. Georgie was wearing a gorgeous pair of pants with a silver singlet top that housed her ample bosoms nicely, and Chas was wearing new jeans with a spunky muscle t-shirt, which highlighted his well toned arms.
After dinner we adjourned to the club upstairs for a dance and a few drinks, not that I needed anymore! What with the cocktails during the day, and a few wines over dinner, I was well and truly lubricated with alcohol by the time we hit the dance floor. I just can't help it, but the combination of dancing and a few drinks makes me totally horny, and desperate to fuck. Steve knows this well, and I am certain he was in the mood to tease me a little before fucking the absolute shit out of me later on that night.
I grabbed Georgie by the hand and we both headed for the dance floor, whiles Steve and Chas grabbed stools by the bar and ordered a couple of beers, happy to watch their wives dance for a while.
On the floor, we giggled and laughed as we shook to the beat of the music. I kept feeling bodies brushing against my skin inside my dress. Without any underwear, every movement felt like I was being fondled naked, and the constant touching was getting me aroused to the point where I know I need to do something to make myself cum!
There was a couple behind me, and the husband was bumping his ass into mine on purpose I'm sure. I looked round to check him out, and he winked at me, his wife unable to see what he was up to. I decided to turn the tables on him for some fun, and so I wandered off, before coming up behind his wife from behind. She was wearing a nice flowing skirt, some heels and a lacey top which showed off her back sexily, and also indicated that she was without a bra.
I moved in closer to her and put my hands on her hips, and gently pushed my hips to meet hers from behind. Her initial reaction was to move forward, as if to give herself more room. However, when my hands pulled her backwards, she turned and smiled at me. I took this as a cue to continue, and my hands raised upwards, cupping her boobs in her top right in full view of her husband who had been trying to rub my ass a short wile earlier.
I fondled her boobs for a while, then she turned and looked me in the eye and we kissed. Right there, right in front of the crowd, we kissed longingly. I was so fucking horny it got the better of me, and my hands raked their way all over her boobs until her hubby stepped in and took her off the floor by the hand. He seemed upset, the double standard bastard!!
Anyway, by this time I was ready to fuck, and I scanned the room for Steve. I looked over to where he and Chas were siting by the bar and noticed that Chas and Georgie were nowhere to be seen.
"Where'd they go?" I asked Steve as I approached the bar.
"You know Chas" he said sarcastically, "He needed to fuck so they've gone back to their room. He said he'll drop in later if we're still awake to say goodnight."
"God, the horny bastard! Couldn't he let us have a few dances at least before he got his dick out?" I asked exasperated.
Anyway, Steve and I decided to hit the roulette tables at the casino for a while. I adore the fun and challenge of roulette, and Steve always enjoys watching me get buzzed by a little gambling.
We found a spot at one of the ten dollar tables and I managed to win a few chips early. Steve was at the bar nearby, keeping en eye on me at the same time as watching the American footy on the big screen of the sports bar. I watched with interest as a nice looking older woman approached him and sat down on the stool next to him. I smiled, knowing that shortly I'd be fucking his brains out, and returned my attention to the table.
As I reached forward to place my chips on number 33, a man joined the table opposite me and our eyes made contact. He smiled. I returned the favour, noticing the expensive watch on his wrist.
The next thing I know, 33 came up and I collected 35 to 1! Excited, I failed to notice that Mr Wristwatch had assumed the position in the seat next to me at the table, and was eyeing off my boobs as they hung free inside my black dress.
"Well done. Win often?" he asked confidently.
"Not really. I just love the fun and the atmosphere" I replied, smiling and wiggling my boobs just a little.
"What excited you the most?" he asked me.
"The challenge and the risk I think" I replied, taking interest in his sparkling eyes as we conversed.
"Mmm, me too. I love a good challenge and adore a risk. Want to make it interesting?" he asked.
I wasn't sure what he meant.
"How do you mean?"
"Well, are you up for a challenge with a little bit of a risk?" he smiled naughtily.
I liked that.
"Tell me what you have in mind" I said, as I put two more 10 dollar chips on number 36.
"Well, we'll both put one chip on a single number, until one of us wins. The winner then gets whatever they want from the other. Sound fun?"
I must admit, I was intrigued. I suspected he wanted a dance, or a drink or something, and with Steve, my husband, sitting a few metres away, I figured it might be fun to play a little with him.
"Ok, you're on" I smiled.
As he smiled back, number 36 came up and I won another 35-1 on my ten dollar chip! I was excited, but also bummed that it happened one roll to early to win our little side bet!
Anyway, by this time I was still $600 up since the start, and I was about to have some great fun with a stranger for the second time in the one day!
"Well, before we place our chips then, how about we introduce each other?" he asked.
"I'm Jason. Pleased to meet you."
"Hi Jason. Nice to meet you. I'm Dee."
Then, to make sure he understood the ground rules, I said, "And that is my husband Steve," pointing to Steve sitting by the bar chatting with that woman still.
"Hmmm, well, Dee. It seems that Steve is making his won fun, so shall we get started?"
"I'm in. Ok, my other lucky number is 11."
I placed my $10 chip on number eleven.
"Well little lady, mine is 27," said Jason, reaching forward to place a chip on the number.
As a waiter went past, Jason grabbed him and ordered me a champagne, and a scotch for himself.
The first roll went by with no luck, and so we placed again.
Steve came over to see how I was going, to which I replied that I was having fun and noticing that he was doing ok with his 'girlfriend' by the bar too!
"Jealous?" he asked, whispering in my ear as his hand went to the small of my back, outlining the crease of my ass sans panties.
"I trust you baby" I said. "Besides, if I lose this little game, it may just be YOU who needs to be jealous!"
"Oh? Explain baby."
"Well, this guy next to me here and I are playing a special game. Whoever's number comes up first gets any favour from the other. I'm not sure what he might want if he wins, but I'm guessing it's not a handshake!"
"OOoh, you wicked, wicked thing! Ok, well I'm off back to my 'girlfriend' at the bar, and I'll be watching you two VERY closely!"
With that Steve left us to our game as the second roll also missed both our numbers. Our drinks arrived and a sip of refreshing champagne was exactly what I needed.
"Is your husband ok with this?" asked Jason.
"Of course. He said he'll watch with interest from the bar" I told him, smiling back and allowing my hand to brush his thigh as I adjusted my position at the table.
This was getting fun.
Two more rolls went by without luck.
"Want to change your number?" I kidded him.
"Nope. You?"
"No way. I've already won twice and nothing's going to change. You just better be prepared for the consequences if I win!"
I grinned and licked the rim of my glass as I eyeballed him sexily, wanting to tease for maximum effect on his cock.
As the dealer called last bets, I reached my left hand under the table and patted his thigh, giving him a small squeeze. He jumped a little, not expecting me to be physical with him I guess, given that my hubby was only metres away and watching closely.
As the next roll was completed, and number 32 came up, I decided to change numbers. I moved my 11 and placed my chip on my hubby's lucky number, 17.
"Changed my mind" I smiled, my hand once more squeezing his thigh under the table.
The next roll pissed me off. Sure enough, number 11 came up. Just my luck.
"Bad luck baby" Jason smiled, as he laughed at my misfortune.
"Bloody hell" I said, my face contorted in frustration.
It was my turn for a shout, and so I ordered another champagne and a scotch for him, before the next roll produced a 30.
I felt a hand on my thigh, and realised Jason was slowly lifting my gown from my leg so as to gain access to my thigh.
I played along a little, and parted my legs, allowing him easier access to the hem of my long dress as it slid up my leg slightly. Then, just to play the tease, I publicly slapped his hand away and told him off, right in front of all the other players!
"Excuse me?" I quipped.
He looked at me with daggers in his eyes.
"24" called the croupier as we eyeballed each other.
"You beauty!" shouted Jason.
"No way" I replied.
"Yep. And you know what baby? A bet's a bet, so you best be telling that hubby of yours that you're about to grant me a favour so he knows not to expect you back for a while."
"Huh? Why? What's the favour you have in your mind?"
"Well my dear, I want you to be my lover for the night."
I was sipping my drink and almost spluttered the contents of my glass across the roulette table.
"You what?" I asked incredulously, expecting maybe a kiss or a round of drinks or something.
"You heard me. Now either you tell him or I will, and you need to gather your chips and come with me."
"I'll cash in my chips, you tell him yourself."
As I walked across to the cashier window to cash up my chips, with still well over $500 in winnings, I watched Jason approach Steve, the men shaking hands and introducing each other.
Two minutes later, Jason scooped me round the waist with his strong arm and guided me to the elevator, presumable up to his hotel room to collect on our bet.
I was excited, nervous, slightly scared, but totally horny.
This was not a first for Steve and I, but I always had butterflies as I knew I was about to fuck another man, and this night was no different. My pussy twitched, my head spun and my tummy rumbled as the anticipation rushed through my body.
I'm not sure what Jason and Steve spoke about in detail, but Steve raised his glass and winked at me as he watched us walk off towards the elevator.
In the elevator up to his room, he pressed the top floor. The Penthouse! I knew he had a nice watch, but I had no idea he was THAT well off. Steve and I live a very comfortable life with our real estate business, but to stay on the top floor of the Crown Promenade means you have serious money.
I was standing excited but almost shyly in the lift, and we spoke not a word until we arrived at the top floor.
"This way my dear" announced Jason, escorting me from the lift to his room, where he opened the door and ushered me inside.
It was wonderful. It was also big. Full length glass windows surrounded the room, which had a 180 degree view of the city of Melbourne from the MCG to the Arts Centre. It was beautiful, and for a minute I soaked up the view, forgetting the circumstances under which I had come to this room with the stranger.
"Make yourself at home, Dee" said Jason as he prepared drinks for us both from the fridge. I was a little confused, as he set out three glasses.
"Why three?"
"I invited a special guest to join us. Thought you might enjoy some additional company, and seeing as how this is my favour, I figured I would enjoy it too."
I was about to protest, when there was a knock on the door.
"Ah. That'll be him now."
Jason went to the door, and lo and behold, Steve was standing there, together with the woman who had been chatting him up at the bar!
"Hi babe" he said, kissing me on the cheek, the look of complete bewilderment on my face revealing my confusion.
"Jason. Good to see you again. Nice room!"
"Thanks, Steve. Company perks you see. Now, what can I get you and????"
"Oh, pardon me. This is Selena. Dee, Selena. Jason, Selena. We met a few hours ago downstairs. I told her about what was going on with you two, and she wanted to 'observe' if that's ok with you both?"
"Well, actually Steve, it's fine with me, and seeing as how I won the bet, Dee is fine with it too, aren't you dear?" he asked sarcastically!
I just smiled, patted my hubby on his cute tush and said, "Fine by me". We gathered together and shared some small talk getting to know each other better. It turned out that Jason was here on business from Sydney, and that his company often used this room as a pad for it's execs. Selena was also married, and was down from Sydney on business for the same conference the guys I had met earlier at the pool were here for.
Once pleasantries were exchanged, Jason went and put on some music to dance by, and then took me by the hand and lead me into the middle of the room, as Steve and Selena sat on the couch watching us.
We danced slowly, our bodies gradually melding into one. I felt his cock stiffen against my hip as he pulled me in close, and we kissed. Lightly at first, then more forcefully as his hand found the cheek of my ass and he cupped my butt in front of my husband. I returned the favour, my tongue sneaking into his slightly open mouth, finding his, then sliding up and down it's length slowly and sensually. He was a wonderful kisser, and quite the stud on the dance floor too. We moved to the beat of the music, and he certainly was in no hurry. I lowered my own hand to his crutch as we turned away from Steve on the couch. I wanted to feel his cock, and was pleasantly surprised to find him hard as a rock. He was not overly large, but I knew I had him fully aroused as I gave it a good long caress and another firm squeeze.
In response he raised one hand to my breast, feeling me openly in front of my hubby. He kneaded my boobs slowly, making my nipples respond nicely. Without a bra, they clearly were now visible through the thin, black spandex material of my long gown.
As we danced, his hand began to trace it's way up my leg once more, just like it had done at the roulette table. This time however, he did not stop. His hand went completely under my gown, and his soft but firm grip found my butt cheek, completely naked under my dress. I moaned into him as his fingers explored the soft curves of my cheeks. I glanced over to see Steve's reaction, and was greeted with Selena's hand buried inside my husband's trousers, his cock showing stiff and erect in her grip.
Meanwhile, Jason now had both hands well under my dress and was cupping and squeezing both my ass cheeks. I felt totally hot as I pushed my pussy against his erect penis as we danced there in front of Steve and Selena.
On the lounge, Selena now had my husband's dick freed from his trousers, and was busily sucking him like a lollipop. Steve looked at me and smiled as Jason began to remove my dress. Slowly, he lifted the black spandex gown from my body, revealing first my knees, then my thighs. I moaned as he revealed my bare pussy for the first time, and marvelled as he bent to inhale it's aroma before lifting above my waist, exposing my boobs and then taking it off altogether. There it was. I was naked in front of this stranger, apart from my stiletto heels, as my husband had his cock sucked by a woman he had met barely an hour or two prior.
Now fully naked, I relaxed and enjoyed being worked over by Jason. His mouth was divine as he sucked, nibbled, licked and kissed my nipples, making my whole body shudder with delight. He certainly knew what he was doing as he sucked my tits, his fingers exploring my hungry pussy. I allowed my legs to part slowly, and squealed a little as his fingers found my clitoris, the combination of my boobs being sucked and my clit being played with delightful. I stood there with my head thrown back, thrusting my bosoms into his mouth time and time again as I totally melted into sexual abandon. His fingers on my clit were amazing, and the way he managed to keep playing with it whilst also sucking the nipples on my breasts kept me near orgasm for what seemed like ages. Then, suddenly, he stopped.
"Well young lady. I seem to recall that it was me who won our little bet at the roulette wheel. I think it's time you paid up and pleasured me don't you?"
I smiled wickedly, knowing exactly what to do.
I glanced once more at Steve, who had Selena in a firm hold by the hair now as he pumped his ample cock in and out of her accepting throat. I winked at him, indicating that I was indeed enjoying the evening, and in particular the show he was putting on for me as I prepared to fuck this stranger right in front of him.
I gestured to Jason to undress, and he did so in a flurry. It was such a contrast to the slow, measured way he had removed my clothes! In a few seconds he was buck naked in front of me, his penis already well and truly erect. It was an attractive organ. Not overly large, but a nice shape, and the head was shiny in it's aroused state. Perfect for sex I decided.
I dropped to my knees in my high heels, and reached upwards with my hands, allowing myself to feel the smoothness of Jason's stomach before taking his erection in my hand and guiding it to my hungry cock sucker's mouth. I licked the tip first, teasing him a little, then bit the rim of his penis head, teasing him some more, before engulfing his entire length in one go to show off my talent for deep throating cock. He moaned. I sucked. It was wicked to fellate this man in front of my husband, but I wouldn't have swapped it for the world.
As I squatted on my knees sucking Jason's cock, I suddenly felt a second pair of hands on my buttocks, caressing them and squeezing them. I turned momentarily and was surprised to see Selena. She smiled, then sunk her teeth into the soft flesh of my right cheek! I yelped, dislodging Jason's dick from my throat, but was soon 'encouraged' back to the job at hand by Jason's own hands on my head guiding his erection back between my lips.
I dropped my tongue to suck on his heavy hanging balls, and as I did so, I felt the warm wetness of Selena's tongue slip into my anus and slurp up and down my butt crack. It felt wildly erotic to suck a cock as a woman pushed her tongue into my asshole, and the fact that my husband sat metres away stroking his wonderful cock as he watched made it even hornier!
The tonguing of my bum hole was working wonders, and as I continued to give Jason a special, slurping blow job, two fingers found their way into my hungry cunt. I was sopping, and the fingers being pushed inside me proved the fact. They slipped in easily as Selena continued to suck on my anal opening, wetting the back passage with her skilled tongue work. I was being finger fucked as I sucked Jason, my right fist now working his shaft into a slippery pole as I gobbled on his knob, dying for him to cum in my mouth or fuck me. The erotic arousal of having my asshole tongues as my pussy was finger fucked driving me almost to the point of climax once more.
Just as I anticipated crashing into a wonderful cum, Selena removed her fingers and Jason withdrew his penis from my mouth!
It was as if they had choreographed the action, because Jason lay back on a few cushions, his penis lewdly poking skyward, and Selena guided my pussy to his erection, easing him inside me as I began to fuck this wonderful stranger on the floor in front of Steve. I eased myself down ever so slowly, enjoying the swelling feeling in my pussy walls as I adjusted to the invasion of Jason's dick inside me. Selena dropped her head to suck my nipples once again, and the erotic waves began washing over me once more.
I threw my head back in ecstasy, the feeling of dick in my pussy slowly pumping, combining with the tongue and lips playing havoc with my bosoms. The only thing lacking was stimulation of my clitoris, and, as if on cue, Steve approached from the couch where he had been watching his wife fuck, and joined the growing orgy on the floor. His hand dropped straight to my clit, and his talent found the large, swollen button instantly, eliciting a gasp from me as the triple stimulation of fucking, boob sucking and clit tickling took over my life.
I closed my eyes and immersed myself in pleasure. I rode the delightful cock inside my pussy up and down. I thrust my breasts to meet every suck of Selena's mouth, just as my hips rolled forwards and backwards to meet Steve's ministrations on my love button. It was wild, and intensely erotic.
Again, just as I was about to cum, my lovers all stopped in one combined action -- leaving me high and dry (well not really dry, but you know what I mean!!) once again.
This time Jason was once more positioned on his back, but I was turned around by Selena, who once more lead my body to fuck him as he lay below me. I rested my legs either side of his legs, and inserted his shiny cock straight into my hot, wet pussy, facing him so that his hands reached up and grasped by boobs as I bobbed up and down on his cock in a wonderful fucking motion.
Next, Selena squatted over Jason's face, and we kissed deeply as his tongue slid into position on her clit and lapped at her pussy. It was a truly erotic scene, with two women fucking the one man, and passionately kissing and tongue pashing at the same time.
Behind me, I was suddenly aware of my husband, Steve, fingering my already wet anal opening. I knew what he wanted, and I wanted it more than ever too.
"Do it, baby" I said, moaning sexily, "Stick your fat cock up my arse and double penetrate me NOW! I want two cocks inside me, and hurry up cos I need to cum badly!"
He did not need any further encouragement.
A finger eased in my sphincter past the first rim of muscle, and I felt him wiggle it a little before he withdrew to add a little more spittle. Jason must have known what was going on, and probably felt Steve's finger rub against the fine membrane between my cunt and my asshole.
Steve pushed in further this time, then pumped in and out as Selena sucked my tits once more. I held her by the hair as she sucked my tits, grimacing as my husband removed his finger and replaced it with the head of his wonderful cock that had anally fucked me so many times before. The difference this time was I was already being fucked by a complete stranger in my pussy, and a mystery woman was also face fucking him as she sucked my nipples. It was sensational.
Steve eased his dick inside me, and the skin between the two men's cocks was stretched to the limit as I was finally double penetrated. I leaned slightly forward, allowing Steve better access to my asshole, and the two cocks inside my pussy and anus then combined to work into a wonderful motion of fucking. I loved it. The mouth work by Selena took effect also and suddenly I began to climax on the two invading cocks inside me. I shook, before starting to thrash my hair and head about wildly, as the waves of sensuality overtook me completely. The hands of my husband gripped my shoulders forcefully as he realised I was cumming, and he jammed as much of his long fat cock inside my ass as he could. Below me, Jason too was shoving his cock upwards to meet every convulsion I was experiencing. Selena just mashed my boobs with her hands as I climaxed, making me cum and cum and cum until I actually must have blacked out for a moment.
When I woke, Jason and Steve were standing over me, their lewd cocks stiff as boards as Selena sucked both at once, pumping with her hand at the same time. I barely regained consciousness when she moved he head back and pumped for all she was worth, causing the two cocks to spurt cum all over my face, neck, boobs and hair at the same time. I opened my mouth and closed my eyes, relishing the occasional splash of cum in my mouth and onto my hungry tongue. I gulped a few times as I heard the men almost laughing with pleasure. Selena slurped her way along both men's shafts until they were licked completely clean. She was amazing.
Dazed, covered in sperm, double fucked and with a mouth full of cum as well, I swallowed what man seed was in my mouth, before moving into position to lick Selena's pussy. After all, this wonderfully generous lover had yet to cum!