I went to pick up Carol the next morning. She greeted me cheerily. She was wearing her kimono and bright red thong panties. I went into her bedroom while she finished getting dressed. The room smelled of sex, and her black dildo, Jake, was on her nightstand.
When I kissed her I felt some reluctance so I stood back. She said she didn't need a ride tonight and that she was going to dinner with Ralph.
I said, "Ralph, the marketing director?"
She just shrugged and told me she had gone out with Ralph a few times.
I was in a funk all afternoon. She did stop by my cubicle and flashed her red panties.
I got home and that night I got drunk. Very drunk.
I got up in a bad mood and thought about not picking up Carol, but I was caught in her web.
I went to her apartment and she opened the door naked. I looked at her with an open mouth, astonished.
She had bright red bite marks and bruises on her tits and neck. Her nipples looked like they had been bitten and bruised. Her cheeks were bruised and her eyes looked battered and she had a large red mark on her pubic bone. When she turned around her ass was covered with red paddle marks. On her dresser there were nipple clamps, Jake her black dildo and and a spanking paddle. On the floor were a tiny black leather skirt, leather halter top and her red panties were ripped apart. The room reeked of sex.
Carol shrugged and said, "Sometimes Ralph likes it rough."
I asked, "Do you like it rough?"
She said, "Sometimes it hurts so bad it becomes pleasure. The nipple clamps are especially erotic and when Ralph spanks me I cum all over his lap. I keep the paddle around for him. He makes me cum so hard I feel like a sex toy."
She continued," When he fucks me I feel like I'm at a whole new level of orgasm." "When he bites me I feel like he's devouring me."
"When we got back from dinner he made me change into the leather skirt and halter. Then I had to give him a lap dance and he tore my red panties off. He pushed me against the wall ripped off my skirt and halter top. He kept telling me I was a whore while he fucked me. When he tugs on the nipple clamps my tits feel like they're on fire. When he fucks me in the ass I feel completely full of cock." "When he fucks my mouth he jams his cock down my throat."
She went on, "You must know I love sex. I want sex every day and every way I can get it. I've loved cock since my first fuck at 18. He knew how to make me cum and cum. I've fucked a lot of men since then I'm addicted to sex."
As she was telling me all this she had a faraway look in her eyes and a smile on her face.
I was shocked. The woman of my dreams was tearing my heart apart.
I said you can't go into work looking like that. But she said a little makeup and a scarf and I'll be fine. Besides Ralph wants me to go to his office this afternoon for some more sex. He's going to bend me over his desk, spank me and fuck me like an animal. I don't do this a lot, but when I do, I love the sex.
I couldn't believe I was hearing this from Carol. She looked at me and saw I was in shock. She said there was a lot I didn't know about her. She pulled me to her and gave me an open mouth kiss and I could taste the cum on her tongue. She put my hand on her cunt it was steaming hot and slippery.
I was falling into a vortex of sex I had never imagined. My mind was swimming, how could I love someone like that but my cock was hard as steel. Carol groped the tent in my pants and smirked.
She said, "Dick we don't have time for sex right now but tonight we will. My cunt will be full of Ralph's cum and my ass will be beet red. You know he isn't the only other man I fuck.
I drove Carol to work. She spent the morning working with her team on a new application. She went to lunch with most of the senior management and came back a little tipsy.
She came to my cubicle, giggled and sat on my desk. She opened her legs and flashed her cunt to me. She had taken her panties off.
Mid afternoon I saw her go into Ralph's office and close the door. I was in agony. I went by the door a few times and I swear I could hear some muffled groans. I looked around and no one else was paying attention.
One of the guys on my team took me aside and said, "Do you know what's going on in there?"
I was humiliated. They knew I had fallen hard for her and she was still fucking other men. I went back to my cubicle and my cock was hard as steel and my breathing was shallow.
Carol didn't come out of Ralph's office until nearly everyone had left. She looked flushed, her hair a mess and freshly fucked.
I drove her home in silence. I went up to her apartment.