This story contains male submission, female domination, female submission, exhibitionist, erotic and BDSM themes. If you don't like these themes, please skip this story. If you're looking for a lot of detail about sexual acts, this is not the story you're looking for.
This story is a work of fiction. All the characters and events portrayed in this story are fictional. Any resemblance to actual people or incidents is purely coincidental.
Characters:
Bill Howard, 65, Retired, Widower. Diane is his deceased wife. He has discovered that he likes being submissive.
Alison Spencer, 62, Single, Primary Care Doctor, and Next-door Neighbor. Has been a close friend of Bill and his family for decades. She is a dominatrix.
Betty, 42, Single, Head nurse at Alison's practice. She is a switch who has served Alison for years.
Bill and Diane's adult kids. - Jenny (Eldest), Anne (Middle Child), and Randy. They consider Alison their aunt. All are married with kids.
Samantha, 54, Widow. Alison's neighbor on the other side. She is discovering she is a switch that leans submissive. She has a college-age daughter Pamela who is discovering kink sexuality.
======
The sun was streaming through the window when Bill woke up feeling good about how Alison had turned his world around. A week ago, he'd been in a deep depression grieving his late wife's death. Then his wife's best friend and neighbor shocked him out of his listlessness by awakening his submissive desires.
And now he was lying naked on his back with Alison's nude body resting against his. Her head was on his chest, her bare leg wrapped around his body, and her right hand slowly massaged his cock and balls. He could feel her groin pressed against his thigh. He was enjoying the feel of her soft skin against his. The warmth of her body and her delicious scent caused his cock to become hard.
He realized that her cock massage must be what had woken him up.
He felt her face turning up toward his, and they locked eyes as big smiles erupted on their faces.
Alison said, "Good morning, lover boy."
"Good Morning to the wonderful woman who brought me back to the land of the living. The flame of my soul had gone out, and you relighted it. Thank you!"
"My, aren't you philosophical this morning? It's nice to see you smile again."
"It is nice to smile again. I thought happiness would never be mine again."
Alison squeezed his balls, and Bill winced, "Even when I abuse your balls?"
"Alison, even when you take pleasure in abusing me. Without you awakening my submissive side, I don't think I would have come out of my funk."
Alison shifted her body, and they started to kiss. She jerked her head back and said, "Go brush your teeth and then get back in bed."
Bill jumped out of bed, followed by Alison, and after brushing their teeth, they returned to bed.
Alison said, "Now, where were we?" A long session of passionate kissing, hugging, and fondling commenced. Bill's morning wood only got harder.
After about ten minutes, Alison said, "Lay on your back and put your arms against your sides."
Bill complied.
Alison then straddled his hips, facing him. As she lowered her pussy onto his stiff cock, she used her knees to pin his arms against his own body.
As she started to rock her hips, she grabbed his nipples and twisted them.
Bill yelped in pain.
Alison giggled at his discomfort.
She asked, "Are you okay, Lover Boy? Is that too painful? Should I stop?"
Bill replied, "Oh god no!"
"Good, because I didn't plan to stop even if you asked me. I want you to cum for me this morning, so start thrusting harder. Don't make me do all the work." She twisted his nipples again, and Bill yelped.
She sped up her thrusts, and Bill enthusiastically joined her. They were both already so aroused that their urges quickly peaked. Bill and Alison orgasmed together; the pulses of his cock and her pussy drove their pleasure higher.
Alison collapsed onto Bill and delivered a long deep kiss with her hands on either side of his head.
After she was satisfied, she rolled off Bill, freeing his arms, and embraced him from the side.
She said, "I love how your balls go from being pulled into your cock right as you come but quickly drop afterward. It is so sexy."
Bill replied, "I'm glad you enjoy them."
Alison placed her index finger and thumb around Bill's scrotum. "I wonder how many fingers I can get between your cock and balls?"
She added her middle finger around his scrotum, which pushed his balls further away.
"Two fit easily. Now for three."
Alison squeezed her ring finger next to her index finger, and Bill's balls continued their journey away from his cock.
"I think my pinkie will easily fit in."
Bill felt slightly uncomfortable when Alison added her pinkie to her grip on his scrotum.
"Wow!" Alison said, "With my fingers around your scrotum, the result is about the thickness of your cock. And your nuts are just a little larger than your penis head."
She played with his scrotum for a few minutes and then said, "I wonder if your scrotum and nuts could be used as a dildo. The shape would be almost the same if I added some cord where my fingers are. It would be shorter. Ooo, I've got a Kinky idea. Stay here, don't go anywhere. I'll be right back."
Alison returned in a few minutes with a short length of 1/4 cloth cord and a condom. She wrapped the cord tightly around Bill's scrotum, starting at the base of his cock and working along his scrotum until she had pushed his balls as far from his cock as she had done with her fingers. "Now, Bill, hold these cord ends in place while I slip this condom over your nuts and the cords."
Bill replied, "I'm not sure I like this idea."
"Bill, you just need to follow my directions because I want to do this."
"Yes, Mistress."
"Oh, Bill, you are such a perfect sub. I love you so much."
"I love you too, Mistress."
Alison directed Bill's hand to hold the cord tight as she rolled the condom over his balls and the cord-wrapped scrotum. Bill moaned in pain as the condom pressed on his balls. He repeatedly wrapped his hands around his scrotum to protect them from the pain. Each time Alison carefully moved them aside and reminded him to hold the core ends tightly as she rolled the condom down.
When she was done, and the condom was holding the cords in place, Bill's hands were still trying to protect his nuts.
Alison commented, "Oh, this simply will not do." And grabbed one of his wrists and buckled it to a cuff attached to the bed's headboard.
Bill struggled with her a little. He said, "I don't like where this is going."
She put one hand on the side of his face, kissed him, and said, "Bill, do you remember your safe word?"
"Yes, I do."
"Do you want to say it and stop this?"
After a long pause, he replied, "No. I know you're having fun, and I like you having fun. Even at my expense."
"Good, but please keep on protesting. It makes this even more arousing for me."
"Shit, please don't do this!" He pleaded.
Alison laughed and restrained his other wrist while Bill continued to plead.
"Oh Bill, I get so wet knowing you don't like this."
She then put a strap around his ankles, forcing his legs together. She then tied that strap to the foot of the bed. Bill's cock was getting hard again.
Alison admired her work. "Your scrotum cock looks like a shorter version of your cock. It's just as thick. I wonder if it can get me to come."
She lightly tapped his nuts, and Bill reacted with an ouch.
She lubed up his scrotum cock and his real cock. "This should be fun. I will stroke your cock while I ride your scrotum. I need to get a picture of this. It's so unique. No one at the club will believe me."
She took a picture that included his face and another that showed only his cock and balls.
She climbed onto Bill and lowered her pussy on the scrotum cock.
Bill screamed, "Oh god, that feels like you kicked me in the nuts." He then continued his protests.
Alison put her hand around his well-lubed cock and stroked it slowly while rocking her hips.
Bill felt his nuts being lightly hit each time. It wasn't as bad as being kicked in the balls, but it wasn't a walk in the park. It hurt.
Alison, however, was having a marvelous time. Watching Bill experiencing pain was causing her arousal to ramp up quickly despite the unsatisfactory friction of the short scrotum cock against her pussy walls. She knew watching Bill was enough to enable her to come this way. It took a while, but eventually, she had a small orgasm. Bill's cock has gone soft despite her stroking it because of the constant hits by her pussy against his balls.
Nevertheless, she laughed at the whole kinky situation, but it was more like getting fuck by a short dildo.
With Bill's scrotum dick still inside her, she asked, "So how was it for you, Bill?"
He moaned and replied, "My nuts feel like they have been kicked a hundred times. It's okay when you don't move, but each thrust is a new hit."
She lifted her pussy off his scrotum cock and lay next to him. "I could tell you weren't enjoying it as your cock got soft, but it was super kinky. Are you hungry?"
"Yes, famished."
Alison replied, "Okay, I'll bring you something." And she left the room.
"Wait! Aren't you going to release me first?" He yelled, but she had already disappeared.
Time passed slowly as he lay there with his balls hurting. With his scrotum still wrapped in a cord and his nuts and scrotum covered with a condom, he got no relief.
Eventually, he could smell bacon cooking and fresh coffee being brewed. Not long after that, Alison walked with a tray with two plates containing scrambled eggs, crisp bacon, and sliced melon. Plus, two mugs of coffee and two glasses of orange juice. She was still nude, which Bill appreciated.
Bill remarked, "That smells great, thank you!"
Alison put the tray down, lifted Bill's head, and placed two pillows under it.
Bill was puzzled, "Aren't you going to release me to eat?"
Alison kissed him and said, "No, for several reasons. One, I want to feed you to show how much I care for you. Two, I may never form your scrotum into a cock again. It wasn't very satisfying. I googled it, and there was very little porn about it. There is much about binding up a scrotum but little about using it as a cock. Third, I talked to Samantha, but I will tell you about that after you eat."
Alison got a fork full of eggs and carefully placed it in his mouth. She anticipated his wants and slowly fed him and herself a delicious meal. She's even salted his eggs the way he liked them. It drove home how well she knew him and loved him. They carried on a delightful conversation. Bill realized there was something very satisfying about being bound up and being lovely taken care of.
When they finished, he asked, "So tell me about Samantha. What's up?"
Alison replied, "I'm sure you remember last night we discovered that Alison's daughter, Pamela, had broken up with her boyfriend. The reason is that the boyfriend wanted her to tie him up and spank him. It freaked her out. It turns out that Pamela has wanted to dominate men for a long time but thought it was an immoral thing to do. Samantha assured her it wasn't. They spent hours talking about kink and Samantha's enjoyment of it. They watched some BDSM porn, and it was clear that Pamela liked the FemDom porn the most. She is interested in learning to be a dominatrix before she goes back to her boyfriend, but there is a problem. Well, maybe not a problem but an opportunity. You see, she is a virgin. She doesn't want her boyfriend to know she is a virgin, but she does want to have sex with him while he is tied up. Anyway, long story short, she knows about you and would like to be deflowered by you while you are under the control of three Dominatrixes; Pamela, Samantha, and me. Are you up for it?"
"Alison, you should know by now that whatever you want is what I want. I'll do it only if you want me to."
Alison kissed him and said, "You are so sweet. I am never letting you go. Samantha is coming over now to plan how we'll do this, and then in an hour, we'll get Pamela ready to be a Dominatrix."
Samantha arrived almost immediately after Alison finished talking. She was dressed in jeans, a button shirt and sneakers. She looked at Bill and exclaimed, "That is so hot. You made a dildo out of his scrotum. I've seen dildos that can be attached to testicles, but never anything like this."
Alison said, "Strip, and then try riding his scrotum. It's a different feeling than a regular dildo. For Bill, it's more like being lightly kicked in the balls. It's fun hearing him react to the pain."
Bill screamed, "Oh, please don't, Samantha."
Samantha looked at Alison and asked, "Should I not?"
Alison replied. "Samantha, Bill has the same safe words as you. Did you hear him use a safe word?"
"No."
"His pleading is just part of the game. Go ahead. Lose the clothes. Try out his scrotum cock. It doesn't do much, but it's unique."
Samantha shed her clothes and lowered her pussy onto Bill's scrotum cock.
Bill let out an ouch.
Samantha said, "You're right. It's not even a decent dildo."
She rocked on it a few more times and then stopped. "Can I sit on his cock instead?"
Alison replied, "Not yet. I've got a kinky idea. He has two cocks, right? Let's get them into our pussies."
Samantha agreed, and Alison climbed in front of her. She tried lowering her pussy down onto Bill's cock, but that pushed Samantha off the scrotum cock.
Alison said, "That's not working. Let me bend all the way forward."
After much maneuvering and laughter, they finally managed to get both their pussies filled. They started to thrust, and Samantha popped off the scrotum cock.
All three laughed.
Alison said, "If the scrotum cock was longer, it might work. You'll need to show me where you saw the scrotum-attached dildo. I think I want to try that." She got off Bill's cock, which had softened.
Samantha replied, "It's something like ball, or is it cock dildo, or maybe just dil at the end. No, wait, I know it ends in do. By the way, since you're off Bill's cock, could I use it now?"
Alison said, "Go ahead. Just don't let him cum. We need to save his cum for Pamela. But with his balls pulled down by the cord wrapped around his scrotum, he probably won't be able to orgasm."
Samantha stroked Bill's cock a few times, and it quickly got hard.
Samantha began a vigorous thrusting. She was seriously aroused, and it did not take long before her body rocked with an orgasm. She collapsed onto Bill's chest. Bill could not come as his balls were pulled down by the cord wrapped around his scrotum.
Alison unhooked Bill's cuffs and then helped Samantha off Bill. She pulled off the condom on his scrotum, and the cord came off quickly.
Bill released a long breath of relief as the strain on his balls was released.
Alison addresses Samantha. "Samantha, tell Pamela to be in your bedroom and look out the window."
Samantha picked up her phone and got her daughter to go to her bedroom window. Samantha told her that she'd know when she could leave the window.
Alison kissed him and said, "Thank you for the unique experience. Now go over to your house, shower, shave, and put on some clothes you wouldn't mind being cut off. Be in the dungeon here in thirty minutes, and we'll prepare you for Samantha's daughter Pamela. Don't bother putting on your clothes that are here. I want you to go through the backyard nude. However, I do want some things on you."
Alison cuffed his hands before him and put a hobble chain on his ankles.
Alison said, "I haven't locked these cuffs on as you'll need to remove them to dress. Put them back on when you are done."
Bill replied, "Yes, Ma'am."
Alison smacked him in his ass and said, "Off you go."
Bill shuffled off.
Pamela wondered about her Mom's direction to go to her bedroom window. So much had changed for her since her Mom got home last night. She now realized that her boyfriend wanting her to spank him was precisely what she wanted. Her Mom had introduced her to the world of female domination. They had watched hours of FemDom porn. Her mom told her she liked switching between being dominant and submissive. They had also watched some female submissive porn that her mother enjoyed but didn't appeal to her. She saw a whole new world opening up to her, and today she would get to dominate her neighbor's submissive male and lose her virginity.
The bedroom window had a great view into Alison's backyard. She saw the back door of Alison's house open, and a naked Mr. Howard came shuffling out. He had a chain between his legs which limited him to tiny steps. His hands were cuffed in front of him. She observed that his hard dick was bouncing as he moved. She appreciated his body. He was in excellent shape. She felt herself getting aroused as she anticipated dominating and using him later that day.
She put her hand down her pants and rubbed her clit as she watched him struggle to get across the lawn, limited to small steps.
Her phone rang. It was her Mom. She answered it. "Hi, Mom. I'm enjoying Mr. Howard's nude shuffling."
Samantha replied, "Honey, while he is a sub, you must call him Bill, Slave, or Sub."
Pamela giggled, "This is so hot. Bill's body is delicious. Is he really going to let me use him as you and Dr. Spencer teach me how to be a dominatrix?"
"Honey, You're 21. You can call her Alison. You only need to call her Dr. Spencer in her office, and yes, Bill feels honored to help you."
She saw how hard it was for the naked Bill to open the gate and giggled. "I love your idea to dominate him before I lose my virginity. I find it hot that I will first fuck him. Thank you and Alison for arranging this."
Pamela smiled as Bill made it through his back door. "That was fun. It's got my motor running for today's activities. Thanks, Mom."
"I'm glad you liked it, Pamela. Now, get over here so Alison and I can dress you. You're going to love the outfits we have picked out."
Pamela quickly made her way over to Alison's house.
Alison greeted her with a big hug. Alison said, "Pamela, I am so honored that I will help you learn to be the dominatrix and then make losing your virginity a positive experience. It wasn't for me. I wish I had had your opportunity."
"Dr. Spencer... I mean Alison... wow, it is strange to use your first name."
Alison replied, "You're 21. You're an adult. I prefer you call me Alison. We are going to prepare you from your skin out. We'll make you into a beautiful, sensual, unforgettable dominatrix. To start, you need to strip so we can inspect your body."
Pamela removed her clothes.
Alison said, "Turn around slowly."
Samantha and Alison studied her nude body as she turned.
Alison said, "As your doctor, and someone who cares for you, I want to check your vagina before we proceed. Sit on that chair and lift and spread your legs up. I have a chair with stirrups in the basement if you want me to use that."
Pamela said, "No, I can give you access here." and sat down, leaning back in a chair.
Alison shined a light in Pamela's vagina and said, "You still have a hymen. You may feel some pain when it breaks, but the pain won't last long."
Pamela responded, "I'm looking forward to that confirmation that I am no longer a virgin."
Alison asked, "Have you ever had an orgasm?"
Pamela replied, "Yes, I enjoy playing with my clit and tits at the same time. I love the feeling of release that it gives me."
Samantha asked, "When did you discover masturbation?"
Pamela replied, "My friend Sue had a girls-only party in eighth grade. During that party, she shared how wonderful it was to have an orgasm. She demonstrated how easy it was, and then one by one, all the girls tried it. I could not believe how good it felt. However, the next week some of the girls were saying it was a perversion to masturbate. So I pretended to agree with them and hid that I was doing it as I didn't want to be known as a pervert. Even Sue said she'd stop doing it.
But I didn't stop masturbating as it felt so good. Ever since I've masturbated a couple of times a week, I love that I only need a finger and privacy for a fantastic release. There are no toys that someone can discover and out me. I like controlling the process. I guess that's why I never let a boy fuck me. It would give him control, which I don't want to do. But after watching all the Female Domination videos last night, I realized I want to be a dominatrix. I want to fuck a tied-up man where I control the process."
Alison and Samantha whispered to each other. They nodded, and Samantha said, "Pamela, would you let Alison and I remove your body hair? It will increase your enjoyment of female domination and help you control a male. Seeing a shaved pussy makes guys lose control, and they'll submit to you."
Pamela thought for a few moments while Alison removed her clothes. She noticed that Alison had no hair below her neck. She thought it looked hot. She replied, "Sure."
Alison took her hand and said, "Follow me into the shower."
Pamela saw her Mom removing her clothes and noticed she was also completely shaved.
Alison turned on the shower and adjusted the temperature. Pamela noticed there were many heads and two shower wands. Samantha and Alison soaped up Pamela's body and had her sit on the built-in bench while they shaved off her body hair. Alison had her lean back against her Mom as she carefully shaved her pussy.
They had her stand and ensured they had removed all her body hair. When they were happy with the results, they washed each other's hair. After the soap was washed off, the water was turned off, and then Alison and Samantha applied a lotion to Pamela's and their bodies.
Meanwhile, Bill had showered and shaved and selected some old clothes. He wore a T-shirt, a buttoned collared shirt, slacks, briefs, socks, and old tennis shoes. He grabbed a quick breakfast and texted his kids, saying he would spend the day with Alison again. He got replies almost immediately from all three saying they were glad it was going well with Alison.
He laughed and wondered how they would feel if they knew the depths of his submission to her and that he was about to deflower Pamela, whom they had known all their lives and had even babysat.
After eating, he put the restraints back on and shuffled his way to Alison's house. He heard hair dryers going on upstairs. He figured it would be a while before the play started. He headed down to her dungeon and sat on a bench.
When her hair was dried, Alison grabbed a robe and said, "Samantha, please start dressing Pamela. I will prep Bill and then come back and help. But first, I need to turn on the monitor."
The TV screen flickered to life, showing Bill waiting in the dungeon.
Alison said, "I'll be right back."
Before Alison entered the dungeon, she dropped her robe and walked in completely naked. She greeted Bill with a passionate hug and kiss. She felt Bill's cock rise and tent his pants against her bare pussy.
Alison said, "Thank you for doing this."
Bill replied, "You know I will do whatever you ask."
"I love you, Bill."
"I love you, Alison."
They kissed again, and then Alison put padlocks on his cuffs. She attached his wrist cuffs to a hoist chain hanging from the ceiling. She pushed the up button, and his hands were pulled up. Before he was pulled onto his toes, she stopped the hoist.
She kissed him again and did, "I'll be down in a while. Please do me a favor and stay here."
They laughed, and he promised to stay here as he was a little tied up.
Pamela and Samantha enjoyed watching them on the TV monitor.
Alison went upstairs, and Samantha and Pamela commented on her prep of Bill.
They started getting dressed. Alison had them all wear identical black corsets with built-in garter belts and removal cups. Their legs were covered with sheer black stockings that had a seam and what Alison called 'black four-inch fuck me shoes.' On top of that was a short leather pencil skirt and a white silk blouse.
Pamela asked, "Are we going commando?"
Alison replied, "No, we'll put these on." And reached into a drawer and pulled out three sheer black thongs. "If you put on your thing first, with the straps holding up our hose, you wouldn't be able to remove your thong unless you unclip the hose. You'd have to pull them aside for sex or using the toilet. Having the thong on top of the straps makes it easy to remove. Trust me. It will help you capture a submissive guy."
They worked on each other's makeup, and when Alison was satisfied that they all had the appropriate sultry eyes with bright red lipstick matched to their red nail polish, she said, "I have some rules for what we are going to do. The first is that Bill is not to be humiliated, put down, or verbally treated in a derogatory manner. He is my lover and has agreed to be used today to teach you to be a dominatrix. He is giving us a gift, and you need to appreciate it.
Second, if he uses his safe word 'red,' all action stops for a discussion. If he uses 'yellow,' you slow down whatever you're doing. If you need help figuring out how to do that, please don't hesitate to stop, and we'll give you directions.
Third, You will cause him pain as part of this training. You will thank and praise him for suffering for you and for how well he is doing. Questions?"
Pamela asked, "I'm worried I might hurt him."
Alison replied, "You will hurt him, and he will love it as long as the hurt you cause does not cause a permanent injury. Your Mom and I will give you directions on what to do. We'll make sure you don't permanently hurt him."
Samantha added, "Honey, we want this to be a wonderful experience of you embracing your dominant urges and giving away your virginity as a thank you to Bill."
Alison asked," Did you text your boyfriend?"
"Yes, I told him I am sorry I freaked out when he asked me to spank him, but after thinking about it, I've decided I'd like to, but with some conditions."
Samantha asked, "Did he reply?"
"He did. He said he'd meet whatever conditions I set."
"That sounds perfect, Pamela." Said Samantha.
"I told him I would give him the conditions."
Alison asked, "How did he respond to that?"
"He said, "I await your pronouncements, knowing I will meet them. So I sent him my conditions, and he agreed."
Samantha exclaimed, "On Pamela, that is delicious. Alison will be a great teacher for you. She helped Bill to embrace his submissive urges and roped me in as a collateral effect. I am amazed at how much I have enjoyed this."
Alison laughed, "It did not take much to rope you in. "
Pamela said," I'm still slightly surprised you're a submissive sub."
Samantha said, "I'm a switch that leans submissive, unlike Bill, who is a straightforward submissive. However, from our conversations and your reaction to the porn, we watched last night, I am pretty sure you are a dominatrix."
Alison Asked, "If you don't mind me asking, Why are you still a virgin?"
Pamela replied, "I didn't understand why until watching the FemDom porn last night. No guy offered to let me control my deflowering. They just wanted to take my cherry. I now know that I need to control what goes on, plus I want the guy to experience being controlled by me ... and also be pegged by me before his cock gets into my pussy."
Alison said, "I envy you, Pamela. I didn't understand what I wanted from sex for years."
Samantha asked, "I'm curious; what are the conditions your boyfriend has to meet?"
Pamela replied, "First, he is to be naked while I am fully clothed. I loved those CFNM videos we watched last night. Having him naked while I am fully clothed establishes that I am the boss. Second, he is to be restrained, and third, I can use my hand or any item I want to spank him."
Alison said, "That gives me some ideas for our play today."
Pamela replied, "I truly appreciate you doing this for me. I have always looked up to you, Dr Spencer...I mean Alison." She laughed and continued, "Now I will look up to you as the model Dominatrix, Mistress Alison."
Alison said, "Thank you for that kind comment. It's time to start. I will also start the camera recording so you can have a video reminder of this glorious day. Follow me."
Pamela replied, "Okay, I'd love that. I am ready to get this party started."
They left the room.
When Alison got to the dungeon, she kissed Bill, who was fully clothed, standing on flat feet, with his hands comfortably secured above him.
Alison pushed the button on the hoist until Bill was on his tiptoes.
Alison then pulled tools and toys out of drawers and off wall mounts, placing them on a table near Bill.
Alison grabbed a ball gag and handed it to Pamela. "Pamela, check that he knows his safe words and will submit to whatever you do to him."
Pamela walked in front of Bill. She could tell Bill was enjoying her outfit as his eyes went up and down her body. The black heels, sheer stocking, black pencil skirt, and white silk blouse over a black corset were having their desired effect. She hesitated.
Alison walked over and grabbed Pamela's hand, and placed it over Bill's trouser front. "Can you feel the effect you are having on Bill's cock?"
Her confidence restored, Pamela replied, "Wow, he is hard. Bill, do you like our outfits?"
Bill answered, "Very much, Mistress."
Pamela giggled and asked, "What are your safe words?"
Bill replied, "Red means stop. Yellow means slow down. Green means I'm okay with what you are doing. If I can't talk, grunting three times will pause the action as you figure out what I'm saying.
Samantha instructed, "Put the ball gag on him now. Make it tight,"
Pamela placed the ball in Bill's open mouth and pulled the strap tight.
Alison said, "Before removing his clothes, you should punish him for thinking he is worthy enough to take your cherry. Start with this." and handed a paddle to Pamela.
Pamela tentatively used the paddle on Bill's ass.
Samantha laughed and said, "Honey, you can do better than that."
The next hits were more substantial, and Bill's body moved in response. The ball gag muffled his yelps.
Alison handed Pamela a pair of EMT scissors. "Take your time. Cut a little, paddle a little. Focus on making him indecent instead of just naked. Also, try out different tools. I've put a flogger, a buggy whip, a bullwhip, a riding whip, and a couple of different types of paddle. Try them all so you can pick the few you want to use on your boyfriend."
Pamela took the EMT scissors, pulled on the back of Bill's pants, and cut the seat out of his pants and briefs so that his butt was exposed. She picked up the flogger and used it on his butt.
Samantha said, "Notice how his butt is turning red?"
Pamela replied, "That is a lovely color."
She then pulled on the front of Bill's pants and cut it so that his cock and balls hung out. She slapped Bill's hard cock back and forth a few times. Bill yelped, and the three women laughed.
Over the next thirty minutes, Pamela cut off more of Bill's clothes, exposing more of his bare skin. She got instructions on how to use the different whips and practiced on Bill's body. Finally, all of Bill's clothes were cut off, and he hung nude. His body was slightly red from all the abuse.
Alison said, "CFNM is the ultimate statement of a female's total control. Do you want to peg him now?"
Pamela smiled and said, "Yes! I am so wet from all this."
Samantha picked up a strap-on and said, "This is a standard strap-on. It is a dildo with a knob on the base to stimulate your clit. Later, when you've removed your hymen, we'll show you the two-sided feeldoe we like using. They go into our pussies as well as his ass. One fun thing is to put your wet panties in his mouth before fucking him, but have him get your strap-on wet first."
As Pamela pulled her thong off, she replied, "Now I understand why my thong is on the outside of my straps. This is fun."
Samantha helped Pamela get the strap-on adjusted to her body.
Alison had brought over a fucking bench and had secured Bill face down on it with his ass and cock fully exposed. She then installed a ball stretcher on him to keep him from cumming.
Alison said, "Now have Bill get your dildo ready with his mouth."
Pamela removed the ball gag and pushed her dildo into Bill's mouth. Samantha stood behind Bill and squeezed lube into his ass.
Alison instructed, "Now thrust slowly until you feel the build-up to a climax, then stop and fuck his ass."
With Pamela's thrusts, it did not take long for her to feel the sensations start in her body. She removed her strap-on from Bill's mouth, picked up her thong, and stuffed the thong into his mouth.
Alison said, "Keep that in your mouth."
Alison said, "Bill has had this done to him before, so you're using a full-sized dildo. The ball stretcher will reduce his ability to cum. That way, we can all enjoy him. Later, we'll teach you how to train an ass to accept a dildo. For now, squeeze more lube into his ass and slowly push your dildo in."
Pamela used the lube applicator to add another generous amount to Bill's ass.
Alison instructed. "Now place your hands on his hips and use your arms to help push the strap-on into his ass."
Pamela was tentative at first, but with encouragement from Alison and her Mom, she got the strap-on deep into Bill's ass.
Pamela exclaimed, "Wow, I am fucking him."
Alison instructed, "Start with long slow thrusts, and as you feel the sensual sensation rising, speed up."
Pamela queried, "How will I know how fast to thrust?"
Samantha and Alison laughed, and Samantha said, "Honey, you'll know. Just do what your body tells you."
Bill grunted with each of Pamela's thrusts. As Pamela's thrusts increased, her moaning kept pace. Samantha and Alison removed their thongs and donned their Feeldoe strap-ons, inserting one end into their wet pussies..
Suddenly she exclaimed, "I'm coming!" And put a more substantial effort into her thrusts.
When Pamela's ecstasy passed, she pulled her strap-on from Bill's ass, pulled her pencil skirt down, and said, "Look at the bulge in my skirt. It's like I've got a hard-on."
All three women laughed.
Alison pulled up her skirt to expose her Feeldoe. "I think you'll find that these double side feeldoe strap-ons will give you a bigger orgasm."
Alison moved behind Bill and inserted the other end of her Feeldoe into Bill's ass. "Thank you, Bill, for being our fuck toy today. I love you."
Bill managed a muffled "I love you too." Through his thong-filled mouth.
Alison reached forward and pulled down on Bill's nipples. With Bill's increased moaning as a stimulus, she quickly orgasmed.
Samantha noticed that Bill's moans of pain had morphed into moans of pleasure. She said, "It is normal for a guy to orgasm from his prostate being stimulated by anal sex. Since we want to save his cum for later, I will add some weight to his ball stretcher to keep him from cuming."
Bill winced as the weight was added to his ball stretcher. He moaned in pain.
Samantha placed the end of her feeldoe against his ass and roughly thrust it in.
Bill's yelp was loud, even with Pamela's thong in his mouth.
Pamela exclaimed, "I get it. Seeing a clothed woman peg a naked man is so hot. I can't wait until I get my boyfriend to strip while I am clothed."
With the verbal encouragement of Pamela and Alison, Samantha quickly came. She pulled out of Bill and pulled her skirt down to cover the feeldoe.
Bill lay motionless He was breathing slowly, and a low moan could be heard.
Alison said, "That was fun. Bill will need some aftercare. When he has recovered, Pamela, let's work out how your session with your boyfriend will go."
Samantha removed the weights from the ball stretcher. She rubbed Bill's ass and said, "Thank you, Bill. You were magnificent." She removed the ball stretcher. Bill moaned in relief.
Pamela removed her thong from Bill's mouth and stroked his hair. "Bill, I appreciate what you are doing for me." She kissed him passionately.
The three women then released Bill from the cuffs that bound him to the fucking bench. They helped him stand and brought him to Alison's king-sized bed. After laying him down in the middle of it, Alison and Samantha got on either side of him and rubbed their hands along his entire body while kissing his cheeks. Pamela rubbed his feet. The three women kept up a steady stream of praise for what a great guy he was and how much they loved him. Bill fell asleep exhausted.
When Bill woke, he immediately realized that Alison and Samantha had removed their clothes. Their nude bodies embraced him on either side. Their hands massaged his body,
Alison kissed him and said, "Well, hello, sleepy head. Ready for more fun?"
Bill noticed Pamela sitting on a chair across the room, still dressed, smiling.
Samantha said, "Are you ready to fulfill Pamela's request to practice how she'll dominate her boyfriend?"
Bill drowsily replied, "I think I already did the first step, as I am nude, and she is not."
Alison said, "We'll get you dressed so she can practice the whole scenario."
Alison and Samantha helped Bill to his feet. They walked him to Alison's large shower. Pamela watched as Samantha, Alison, and Bill got in and cleaned each other's bodies. After toweling off, Alison handed Bill a stack of his clothes to wear. While Bill dressed, Alison and Samantha put their outfits back on.
Pamela felt herself getting aroused as Bill was preparing for her.
Once dressed, Samantha said, "Bill, you will play the part of Pamela's boyfriend, who has already agreed to be nude and restrained while spanked. Alison and I will observe and offer Pamela advice afterward. Let's go down to the living room and have you two make out to get started. After a short while, Pamela will remind her boyfriend of his agreement. We'll have the restraints for him by the couch. When he removes his clothes, have him look into your eyes and smile big at him as he strips."
When they reached the living room, Samantha placed the restraints next to the couch. Bill and Pamela sat on the couch and began to make out Alison and Samantha sat on chairs across from them.
Pamela rubbed her hand on the front of Bill's pants and said, "I'm so sorry I freaked when you asked me to spank you. I just had never thought about doing that before."
Bill replied, "It's okay. I should not have asked you so suddenly. I'm so glad you're back."
Pamela said, "Do you remember the conditions I set?"
Bill smiled, "Yes, I do. When do you want me to start?"
Pamela, in a commanding voice, said, "Stand up."
Bill and Pamela stood. Pamela said, "Look into my eyes while you remove all your clothes."
Pamela smiled large as Bill removed his clothes. When he was nude, she said, "I like what I see. Are you ready to be spanked?"
Bill replied, "Yes."
By now, Alison and Samantha had pulled up their pencil skirts and rubbed their clits.
Pamela grabbed the restraints and cuffed Bill's ankle together and then his wrists in front of him. She pulled up her pencil skirt to expose her naked pussy, sat on a straight back chair, and said, "Bend over my knee. Get your magnificent cock between my thighs."
Bill positioned his body over her knees, and when his cock was in place, Pamela squeezed her knees together. Bill moaned because of the pressure on his cock.
Pamela instructed, "Bill, you are to count each spank, thank me for it, and then ask for another. After every ten hits, you will ask me to hit you with something else."
Alison looked at Samantha and said, "Oops, I forgot the paddles and whips." She jumped you and hurried to the dungeon to get them.
Pamela laughed, "We'll start with my hard."
SWACK.
Bill yelped and said, "One Thank You, Pamela. May I please have another?"
SWACK.
Bill yelped, "Two. Thank You, Pamela. May I please have another?"
On the tenth hit, Bill yelped and said, "Ten, Thank You, Pamela. May I please have another with something different?"
Alison had just arrived with a handful of items and had placed them next to Pamela.
"Pamela rubbed his butt and said, "Since you asked so nicely, I will grant your wish."
She picked up a paddle.
SWACK.
Bill yelped and said, "Eleven. Thank You, Pamela. May I please have another?"
SWACK.
Bill yelped, "Twelve. Thank You, Pamela. May I please have another?"
On the twentieth hit, Bill yelped and, with a slight sob, said, "Twenty; thank You, Pamela. May I please have another with something different?"
Pamela remarked, "I hope you are having as much fun as me." She reached between her legs and felt Bill's cock. "You're getting harder. You love this, don't you?"
Bill replied, "Yes, Pamela, I do."
She picked up a wooden spoon.
SWACK.
Bill yelped and said, "Twenty-One. Thank You, Pamela. May I please have another?"
SWACK.
Bill yelped, "Twenty-One. Thank You, Pamela. May I please have another?" Bill began to cry.
On the Thirtieth hit, Bill yelped and, through sobs, said, "Thirty. Thank You, Pamela. May I please have another with something different?"
She picked up a riding crop.
SWACK.
Bill screamed and sobbed, "Thirty-One. Thank You, Pamela. May I please have another?"
SWACK.
Bill sobbed, "Thirty-Two. Thank You, Pamela. May I please have another?" Bill began to cry.
On the fortieth hit, Bill yelped and, through sobs, said, "Forty. Thank You, Pamela. May I please have another with something different?"
She picked up a cane.
SWACK.
Bill screamed and sobbed, "Forty-One. Thank You, Pamela. May I please have another?"
SWACK.
Bill sobbed, "Forty-Two. Thank You, Pamela. May I please have another?"
On the fiftieth hit, Bill was sobbing uncontrollably. He said, "Fifty. Thank You, Pamela. May I please have another with something different?"
Pamela looked at Bill's butt. There was some blood on it where the cane had broken the skin. She looked at Alison, and Alison shook her head.
Samantha brought Pamela a tube of healing gel.
Pamela rubbed the healing gel into Bill's butt and said, "You did such a great job. Let me take care of you, and then there will be a reward."
When Bill had stopped crying and the soothing gel had been rubbed well across his butt, Alison came over and kissed him. "You are the best thing in my life."
Alison then addressed Pamela, "How does it feel dominating a man?"
Pamela replied, "I think I was born to be a dominatrix. I am so aroused. I want to feel a cock in me."
Alison laughed, "I think that can be arranged. Bill, get off Pamela's lap and lay on the floor."
Bill complied.
Samantha tied a rope to his ankle restraints, while Alison did the same to his wrist restraints. They stretched the ropes to hooks on either side of the room in the baseboard. They pulled in on the ropes to stretch Bill out.
Alison said, "Pamela, your mom, and I will help you and Bill have a massive orgasm But to do that, we need you to remove your blouse, skirts, and the cups from your corset."
Once Pamela had removed the items, Samantha said, "Sit on his face to get yourself ready Bill knows what to do When you feel the first stirrings of an orgasm, move to his cock, and we'll coach you from there."
Pamela stood over Bill, facing his feet. She lowered her naked cunt to his lips. Bill immediately worked his tongue and lips around Pamela's vulva. She enjoyed watching Bill's cock quiver as he serviced her. Alison and Samantha worked their mouths on her nipples. With their hands, they stimulated Bill's nipples. Pamela soon felt the first tingling of an oncoming orgasm. She stood up and stood above Bill's rigid cock.
Samantha said, "Homey, as you lower yourself on Bill's cock, you'll feel a moment of pain when your hymen is breached. Just rest for a short while and then continue the process. In the meantime, we'll give Bill more visual stimulation."
Samantha and Alison removed their blouses, skirts, and the cups of their corsets.
Bill drank in the sight of the three women with their breasts exposed above their black corsets. Their legs encased with black sheer stockings held up by straps attached to the bottom of their corsets, framing their naked pussies. Their black high heels gave them the final sexual goddess look.
Bill said, "I think I have died and gone to heaven."
The women laughed.
Alison replied, "This is your heaven on earth."
Pamela lowered herself onto Bill's cock. Alison kneeled next to Pamela, kissed her, and stimulated her breasts with her hands. Samantha bowed down and touched Bill's nipples to play with them softly. She engaged Bill in a long passionate French kiss.
Pamela let out a small yelp as her hymen was ripped open Alison looked Pamela in the eyes and said, "Congratulations, You're not a virgin anymore. Are you okay?"
Pamela exclaimed, "That was nothing. I'm ready to rock the world!" She lowered herself entirely onto Bill's cock.
Alison said, "Just rock and thrust back and forth. Your body will give you all the feedback you need."
Alison returned to massaging Pamela's breast and kissing her.
Bill quickly met Pamela's movements with corresponding thrusts. Pamela's and Bill's moans of pleasure filled the room and quickly grew in intensity.
Pamela screamed, "Oh my god, I think I'm coming."
Bill's cock began to vibrate as Pamela's vagina spasmed.
A surge of emotion racked Pamela's body as her orgasm hit her, and Bill's cock began to shoot loads of cum into her love channel.
Pamela felt she now knew what water felt like when it went over a waterfall. The uncontrolled hurtling into space. The feeling of free fall while rushing downward to a violent but satisfying end. Nothing could interrupt her orgasm's progression.
Bill's hips thrust upward with each new eruption from his cock. The walls of Pamela's vagina used the energy from Bill's ejections to drive her orgasm higher. All she could do was scream in pleasure.
Pamela felt that her orgasm had gone on forever, but it was only for a few minutes. Her body stopped rocking, and she sat motionless as Bill's cock went from hard to soft.
When Bill's cock had gotten so soft that it slipped out, she said, "That was fucking amazing Is a penis orgasm always that good?"
Bill quipped, "It is with me."
Alison shook her head and said, "Bill! What am I going to do with you? You are such a brat."
Samantha giggled, "No, it will not always be that amazing. Alison, Bill, and I worked hard to ensure that your deflowering would be one of the best experiences of your life."
Alison and Samantha removed Bill's restraints, and they helped him and Pamela to the couch.
Alison brought four glasses of margaritas from the frig and passed them out.
Alison asked, "How was the whole experience, Pamela?"
I look forward to seeing my boyfriend when I return to school tomorrow. I am going to turn his ass red and fuck him senseless He'll be begging for more, but for the rest of the day, could we have lots of regular sex with you all and sleep together tonight?"
.
Alison replied, "That could be arranged." And that is what happened.
========
I hope you enjoy this story. Comments and suggestions are appreciated. It will be a while until I write another chapter on this story as I have to continue 'A Covid Journey.' I also have two other stories I'm working on. I plan as least one more chapter of this story when Alison takes Bill to her BDSM club,