I got on the same train at the same time every day, going the same way. Today was different. I was the only person in the coach I was in and I almost fell asleep, but the conductor tapped me on my shoulder and I shot up to my feet, ready to mace him. When I had calmed down and he had pierced my ticket, I fell into a lull again. I was so grateful that it was a holiday for most people and I had the normally crowded coach all to myself. There was a noise at the door and then he stepped in.
Of all the available seats in the coach, he chose to sit directly across from me. He was at least six foot tall, a foot taller than my five feet. He had eyes the color of a forest, a dark, dark green. Actually I'm not sure they were green and not some deep gray. The stubble on his chin told me he had not shaved for several days and when my eyes met his he smiled a brilliant smile, exposing teeth that had definitely been whitened. He was no bum. He sat opposite me with his hands in the pockets of his tan coat. I immediately thought he was one of those weirdoes who wanted to flash his cock at me.
Unfortunately for him, a few of us had stopped at the pub after work which had ended early, due to the holiday. I had quite a few drinks behind my back. Scratch that, I was as horny as hell. I wanted a good fucking. I was hoping he was a weirdo, because he was about to get lucky. I gave him a 'come hither' look.
"Do you want to flash your cock at me?" No sense in wasting time on small talk and politeness, we were on a schedule here. He looked gobsmacked, then he recovered.
"Would you be offended if I did?" He asked.
"Hell, no, I'll suck it if you do." His expression changed to shock.
"That's not the reaction I'm used to."
"Don't care, I'm horny. Do you want it or not?"
"Fuck yes." He didn't have to think about it. He spread his coat and zipped his pants open. His cock jumped out, completely erect. Yummy. I got down on my knees in front of him and sucked that delicious meat into my mouth.
"Jesus." I heard him mutter. Not quite dear, but I'll get there. I fucking love cock sucking, that cock so hard in my mouth. I love sucking in as much as I can all the way down in my throat. I love the taste of man cum. I sucked harder, I wanted that man cum in my mouth. I wanted it in my face and on my tits and down my throat. My pussy was wet for him already. I sucked his balls into my mouth and he actually lifted his ass, it was so nice for him. I grabbed that big boy around the base and pushed as much as I could into my mouth and down my throat. I desperately wanted him in my cunt, pounding my pussy, I was so wet for him. I let his cock out my mouth reluctantly.
"Can I sit on you? I want you to fuck me. Do you want to fuck me?"
He grabbed me and pulled me onto his lap and then turned me around so that we faced the same way. I felt his cock push into my cunt and I felt his hands touching my pussy and my clit. He bounced me hard on his lap and my cunt responded by squeezing his dick for him. We went faster and faster and as everything started to fade out behind my eyes, I felt the pressure between my legs explode and I felt him squirt inside me, I was riding a high and I had run a million miles and all I could do to finish this beautiful feeling was jerk and jerk and jerk. I finished sitting on his cock.
"My stop's coming up." He said, the thought of his big cock not being in my pussy anymore almost made me cry.
'Happy fourth of July." I said. I felt a kiss in my neck.
"Better than any other." He said. I got up and pulled my panties back on, feeling happy and strangely sad at the same time. I sat down on my seat again and looked out the window. He went to the door and the train pulled into his station. I didn't look as he got off. It was too painful.
The train pulled away again and I considered masturbating and rethinking it. Nah, some things are perfect like they are. I would remember this every fourth of July to come, the thought made me smile.
END