Unlike previous stories I have posted here, this one is not entirely factual. The events unfolded as described here up until a certain point, but did not go quite as far as the story takes them. Wish they, had, tough. Names, of course, have been changed to protect myself. Note: This story includes male and female homosexuality/bisexuality, so if that isn't your bag, please move on.
* * *
Things were different then.
We were all younger, and more energetic, and more willing to explore and experiment. We had grown out of the stage where we were all intimidated by the new and the unknown, and hadn't yet grown into the stage where we knew precisely what we liked, and don't vary from it much.
A bunch of us -- pretty good friends -- all hung out with each other. Every Saturday night, we played games. Board games, card games, role-playing games, and we had found that the games were (mostly) an excuse for us to hang out together. Of course, the RPG's were the majority of our gaming -- they allowed us almost unlimited creativity, and made us use parts of our minds that we didn't get much excuse to play with in real life. And we meshed pretty well as a group.
There were six of us in the group -- our 'leader' (less because we had elected him than his just being a natural leader and a complete game fanatic) was Andy, who was openly gay, but not blatant. He could have fit in with any military force I'd ever been in (several during my tours), and the only way anyone knew he was gay was by watching him and his boyfriend, or by asking. He was almost 6 feet tall, with sandy blonde hair and grey eyes and a ready smile.
Spence and Patsie were a married couple. Spence was smart but quiet, and Patsie was vivacious and energetic, and if Andy was the brain of the group, Patsie was its heart. She figured out things she wanted to do, and Spence made them work. He worked out the practical aspects of the things we had to do -- making sure there was enough food and drink for everyone, mostly, but also looking after paper and pens and rule books and that kind of thing. He was about 5'9", with dark hair and eyes, and had some sort of office job. She got us into gaming conventions. She planned cookouts. She was about 5'7" with red hair (whose shade changed constantly) and green eyes. She and I had intense chemistry, but because she was married we were fighting it ... though we still flirted outrageously. And he put up with it because he wanted to keep her around.
Chrissy was the other female in the group. She was Hollywood starlet beautiful, raven haired and dark eyed, andveryself-conscious about it. She was about 5'4" with a curvy but firm shape, and legs that went on fordays. She'd made it clear from the start that she was in the group for the company and the mental stimulation, and was not even vaguely interested in dating anyone there.
Danny was Andy's polar opposite. He was the only one in the group who was not in decent or better shape, and he was blatantly, flagrantly gay. He was a little over six feet tall, but about 25 pounds overweight, and often scruffy, with dark stubble. His RPG characters were always bizarre or extreme in one way or another and he loved to flaunt how he broke the rules, but deep down he was always a coward -- he wanted to look bold, but never took the steps needed to really step outside of the box.
And I was the newcomer. I'd been with the group for only a year and a bit. I'd learned RPG's in the service (several different definitions of them), and once I got out, I looked around to find a group I could continue play with, and found these people. I was, at that time, 5'10", on the thin side, with shoulder length black hair (my reaction to getting out of the navy after 10 years) and hazel eyes.
So one weekend, Patsie said she had a friend who had a cabin up in the desert near Palm Springs, and she'd asked him if we could use the cabin for a weekend. Get out of our rut. Do something different. She also mentioned barbecuing and running around naked, and the only one of the group that even flinched at that was Danny, but he laughed it off as a joke.
So the second Saturday afternoon after that, we all met up at Danny's place, as it was our gaming central, and piled into two cars to caravan up to the desert. It was a drive of about two and a half hours, and we used Danny's car and Spence's, as they owned the cars that ran the best, and we reached the cabin at about six PM. As promised, it had a barbecue grill, a kitchen (with very little in the fridge) and one bedroom, but it also had a large, open-plan living room with a fireplace. While Danny and Chrissy and Andy tidied the place up and opened the windows to let in a breeze to cool it down (one thing it did not have was air conditioning), the rest of us drove into town and visited a grocery store to get food and drinks and ice and that sort of thing. We'd all brought beach towels and swim suits and sun block and a change of clothes, but not food, which would have cooked in the trunk of the cars anyway.
By the time we got back to the cabin, it was cool enough that we all changed into swimsuits. The grill had been fired up, so we cooked some burgers and chicken and made salads and stuck some ice cream into the freezer in the kitchen, and when we were done with the food we sat at the picnic table in the back yard and watched the sun set and marveled at the stars, which were almost invisible back in the city.
And then we went inside to get our game back on track. On regular weekends we generally met at around sunset and played until midnight, and I'd begun running an adventure two weeks before, so I'd brought my laptop computer along with my rule books, character sheets, dice, M&M's and all the rest. We set up our map board on the coffee table in the living room, topped off our drinks and bowls of munchies and resumed play where we'd left off the week before, shipwrecked on a haunted coast.
It didn't take long before we were doing battle with a variety of coastal monsters (giant crabs - Patsie commented that they probably went well with giant butter, and it was too bad we'd only grilled burgers), and apparently I was doing a fair job of keeping it active and exciting, because a half hour into play, Patsie looked across the room at me, dressed only in cutoffs and sandals, with my computer on my lap, and declared "Look at [me]! He looks like he's naked!"
Well, to be honest, all of us were lightly attired -- though cooler than it had been before, it was still in the mid 90's -- we were all wearing shorts, and the girls and Danny were wearing t-shirts, and I have to admit I had been taking advantage of that to picture the girls nude, but I hadn't imagined that anyone else had been doing the same thing to me. But everyone commented on my apparent nudity with laughs and cat-calls, and Danny said "Ooh, baby! I can see everything!"
Well, I was more than a bit warmed up by then anyway, so I reached down and slid my cutoffs off while keeping my laptop on my lap, and tossed the shorts across the room to Patsie.
"Here you go!" I said, and she cheered and squealed and waved them like a captured battle flag, scattering the contents of my pockets to the four winds.
The others laughed and cheered, except of course, for Danny, who felt I'd stepped over the line, and demanded that Patsie give me back my shorts. He grew very red in the face and very loud and did his best to kill the buzz, but we were having none of it.
"This is wrong!" he kept shouting. "We shouldn't be doing this!"
But Andy shut him down cold. "If you don't like it, you don't have to be here. But the rest of us are having fun, Patsie has been talking about running naked in the desert for the past two weeks, and the rest of us just don't have a problem with that."
Danny just sputtered and flailed around, and the rest of us laughed at him (including, I was happy to see, Patsie), and when we didn't knuckle under to him, grabbed his overnight bag and keys and stomped to his car and drove away.
"Well, that's better" said Andy.
"Can we kill his character off?" asked Patsie.
"I can do better than that" I answered. "I can have him captured by Ogres or something ... but none of your characters would let hat happen. That's the down side of not allowing evil characters in the game."
"Then what can we do? He is the only cleric in the game, and we need his healing skills."
"We can play some other game" volunteered Spence.
Everyone looked at Andy, as he was the real Game Master in the group, but he just shrugged. "I didn't bring anything else -- I thought we'd be headed up the coast, and didn't want to bring a heavy bag."
"I have a deck of cards in my bag" I said. "We could do something with those."
"We could," cooed Patsie. "Why don't you go over there and get them?"
She was obviously trying to get me to put my laptop away, but I wasn't quite ready for that yet. Though I have some very strong exhibitionist tendencies, I didn't want to be the only one in the group without clothes. I'd been taken advantage of before, and played for a fool, so I just looked around the room at the others, who were still mostly grinning. I turned off my computer, but kept it on my lap.
"All righty, then -- cards are out. What other games can we play?"
"Twenty questions?" suggested Patsie.
"Trivia?" suggested Spence.
"Truth or Dare!" suggested Andy, which got an almost universal "oooooooh!" in response.
"Strip Truth or Dare!" announced Patsie, to universal laughter and applause. The mood of the room had set since Danny left, and the party was determined to end up going where we had not even imagined before.
"Then please give me my shorts so I have something to bet with!" I laughed, and Patsie tossed them close enough to me that I could snag them, though not without leaning far enough to the side that all could see that I was still wearing my skivvies.
"Cheater!" she yelled, but I just smiled back.
"How do we start?" asked Patsie.
"It's usually done with spin-the-bottle or something, isn't it?" asked Spence, and then he looked around the room and saw that each of us was drinking from a can, none of which were empty yet.
"We could just roll a d20" suggested Andy. "Low number goes first, and then clockwise or counterclockwise around the room by who gets the next lowest."
Like he had to worry -- he was one of those guys who could roll -- legitimately -- any number he wanted. It made him great at D&D, but I wondered how he'd be at craps. Would casinos block him?
Anyway, we all rolled a die on the table, and I rolled a 3. Chrissy, to my left, rolled a 5. Andy rolled a 20, of course.
"Who asks?" I inquired of Andy.
"Me, me, me!!" squealed Patsie.
Andy looked at me and I shrugged. It was going to get down to this sooner or later anyway. "OK" I said, "but ... who determines if a ... what's the word? If a default is called? Who says when you lose an item of clothing? And do shoes count?"
"Shoes count, jewelry doesn't" said Patsie. "Otherwise it'd be over too fast."
I looked around and it looked like everyone was wearing (nominally) 4 or 5 things, unless the girls were wearing bras. And Chrissy definitely wasn't.
"Hit me with your best shot" I said, looking Patsie directly in the eyes.
"Truth or dare?"
"Truth."
"Why don't you have a girlfriend?" she asked.
OK. Starting out with a softball. "I haven't found the right girl yet" I replied, with just a hint of emphasis on 'yet' and a look right into her eyes.
Everyone nodded, accepting my answer, and Andy looked at Patsie. "Truth or dare?"
"Truth."
"Why do you always play Halflings?"
Everyone in the room groaned except Patsie, who laughed. "I like something that challenges me. Halflings are so limited that you have to be at your best to survive as one."
It had been a pretty lame (but very Andy) question, but the answer had been revealing.
Then it was my turn, and Spence was my subject.
"Truth or dare?"
"Truth."
"How old were you when you lost your virginity?"
"Fifteen."
I'd known Spence in high school (one of the things that got me into the group), and he'd been dating a chunky southern belle then. I raised an eyebrow and gestured, and he nodded, blushing, but I took it no further.
"Truth or dare?" asked Patsie.
"Dare" said Patsie.
Patsie was taken aback -- this was pretty early for dares, but... what the hey. "Roll a d6, and kiss the person that many spaces away for a minute" was the dare. Patsie rolled and laughed out loud when she rolled a 4, and then turned and kissed Spence long and deep, with more than a bit of moaning and groping. I was once again very glad I had my laptop in place.
"Time!" shouted Andy after a good minute had passed, and the broke up the kiss to much laughter, even if some of it was nervously aroused.
Then Spence, after he caught his breath, and looked at Andy, who simply said "Truth."
"Have you ever been with a woman?" asked Spence.
"No."
"Have you ever wanted to?"
"One question per round" laughed Andy.
Then Patsie looked me deep in the eye, and we both cracked up. The silliness in the room was almost up to the level of sexual tension, and we had to break that.
"Dare." I said, and she gave me the same dare Patsie had given her.
I rolled the die, and rolled a five. Everyone looked at each other in surprise, and I went with the silliness of the situation, and put my arms around myself and extravagantly and noisily kissed the inside of my elbow, moaning and groaning as Spence and Patsie had not a minute earlier, but while it got a lot of laughs, it also got called by everyone in the room.
"Default! Default!"
I laughed with them, and took the cutoffs that I'd kept sitting on top of my laptop and tossed them onto the coffee table in the middle of the room.
Andy looked at Chrissie, who said "Truth."
"When did you lose your virginity?" he asked, trying to maintain the spirit of the night.
"When I was 12" she said, "but it wasn't voluntary."
All of us stopped laughing at that one.
"Well that explains a lot" said Spence.
"Aww, honey!" said Patsie.
I felt helpless, so I just nudged the bowl of M&M's closer to her.
Fortunately, Spence was more understanding of how to break tension that we deserved, and he said "Dare" when I looked at him.
"You're a slab of bacon in a frying pan" I said. "Show us what it's like."
The others looked at me like I was nuts, but Spence and I had done this before, in an improv class in high school. Another guy did the frying bacon bit, but it was a guaranteed crack-up, and by the time Spence was done, we were all laughing, and laughing hard, including Patsie.
"Truth or dare?" she asked Patsie.
"Truth?" Patsie sounded almost afraid, remembering how Patsie's question had turned out.
"Have you ever been with a woman?"
You know, I'd never seen Patsie blush before, but now she blushed right up to her hairline. But she brazened it out.
"Not yet" she purred, and wiggled her eyebrows in what might have been an invitation or a very bad Groucho Marx impersonation while giggling madly.
Then Spence looked to Andy, who just said "Truth."
"What's it like, being with a man?"
Andy took a breath, paused, and stopped. "I don't have the words" he finally said. It's something you have to do to fully understand. You'd probably say the same if I asked you what it's like to be with a woman."
Everybody nodded. Everybody agreed. Everybody called "Default!"
Andy nodded, and removed his flip-flops and tossed them on the table.
I looked at Patsie, and said "Truth."
"What's the kinkiest thing you've ever done?" she asked.
"Well, depending on your definition of kinky ... I guess sex on a bar in front of an audience would count?"
Her eyebrows went up to her hairline.
"Hey -- it was in the Philippines, back in the navy. It's part of why I don't drink" I said, and I could see the others trying to picture it, or not. "I tell you what -- you spend a few months out at sea with only guys aboard when you're 25, and let's see if you don't get a little bit ...sillywhen you have a chance."
Andy raised his eyebrow a bit, obviously liking what he was imagining, and then turned to Chrissie.
"Truth or dare?"
"Truth."
"If you had a super-power, which one would you want to have?"
We often switched to a game of Challengers when our DM's were building D&D adventures, so we'd all given this some consideration, but even I was surprised when she said "I think I'd want to be a shape-changer."
"That could be fun, I guess" I said. "Being able to be anyone you wanted could be a lot of fun ... especially if you wanted to be a spy or something."
And then everyone pitched in with their own ideas of what they'd want to do. Patsie chose invisibility, Andy super-strength and Spence chose flying. I wavered between transmutation and super-intelligence.
And then Spence chose dare. So I gave him the same dare I'd gotten, and he rolled a 2.
The look on his face was enough to get us all laughing outrageously.
"Hey, man -- If I can do it, you can do it!" I said, and while that might have unfairly highlighted the simmering competition between us over his wife, it was also a relatively safe dare, having been used before, and having gotten him the advantage of a good minute of making out not long before.
But he chickened out, and just gave Andy a peck on the lips before retreating to his side of the couch to cries of "Default! Default!"
Blushing, he took off his sandals and tossed them on the table. So far, all of the males had lost once. It was time to step up the game. And remember -- we were all serious gamers. Very competitive and determined to win, whatever the game.
I chose truth on my turn, and Patsie asked "Have you ever been in love?"
I started to quibble, asking her to define what she meant, but I could tell that nobody was buying my bullshit.
"I don't know" I ended up saying. "There was a girl in high school and right after -- we though we were serious -- we'd decided where we'd live and what to name our kids, but she 'dear John'd' me when I was in "A" school. Since then I haven't been around enough eligible women to start a relationship. There are women I like a lot, but ... maybe some day?" I said the last words looking her right in the eyes.
And then when Chrissie also said "Truth", Andy asked her the same question.
"I'll willingly default on that one" she said, and looking around at each of us, she pulled her T-shirt off, She was an easy "C" cup, with firm, pink nipples that stood high and proud in the warm night air, without any sign of a tan line. Every jaw dropped to the floor, and I had to reach twice to get my soda from the table between us. She sat proudly, head up, and didn't even pretend not to be showing off. Even Andy was in awe of her perfect shape.
The game was well, if not a foot, at least eight inches by now and I was very glad I still had my computer on my lap. So glad that Andy had to nudge me enough to remember that I had to ask the question of Spence.
"Truth" he said.
"Do you feel safe with everyone here?" I asked.
"I'd better!" he said. "I wouldn't go even this far with people I didn't trust."
I noted the qualifier, and wondered how much planning had actually gone into this weekend. Had they actually intended this from the start?
Patsie chose "Truth" again, and Chrissie asked what was the kinkiest thing she had ever done. And when she started to object, we all said turnabout was fair play.
"But ... I haven't done much!" she objected. "I've thought about it a lot sometimes, but ... " she trailed off, looked around the room, and pulled off her T-shirt.
Where Chrissie's body was astounding, Patsie's was ... inviting. Her breasts we not as rounded, but stood up higher. A "B" cup and maybe a bit more, but with very firm and pronounced nipples that were very hard and slightly darker, and just begged for a tongue. My mouth was watering again, so I grabbed my soda, and found it almost empty. Sooner or later I'd have to stand up.
"Spence" I asked before he could talk, "would you mind grabbing me another soda?"
He said OK and looked around and then he and Patsie stepped into the kitchen and grabbed new drinks for all of us, giving us very nice views of Patsie's firm backside (and I suppose Spence's too, but I didn't bother to look), and I thought I could see a hint of dampness in the center of her bikini bottom. But she brought me my drink, and our hands lingered just long enough when she handed me the soda that I was very tempted to lean forward those last few inches and lick her nipples just before she retreated to the couch. And she definitely saw the temptation in my eyes, because that retreat was very well engineered.
Spence asked Andy, and for a change, Andy asked for a Dare. Spence, not being any braver than the rest of us, gave him the same dare he'd been given, and Andy rolled a 2. He looked almost as intimidated by it as Chrissie did, but when he moved in front of me to go to where Chrissie was sitting, I could almost swear there was a bit of a bulge in his shorts. It was entirely possible that I'd be found out soon at this rate. But Andy was evidently much more flexible than Spence, and kissed Chrissie long and well, and held her just tight enough, without being squeamish or rough, and when they were done, she was breathing almost as heavily as I was.
And then I chose Dare.
"Put your laptop away" she told me.
"Are you sure?"
"Definitely."
So I took my laptop, and put it on the floor between me and my side table.
Now I'm not the biggest guy in the room, most of the time. I'm no John Holmes or Matt Hughes, but I do all right. And I was wearing briefs -- your basic standard issue 'tighty-whities', which had a slight moist spot over toward my left hip, and a fairly clear view of a large and enthusiastic bulge from there to the middle.
"I'm pretty sure that's no default" said Andy.
"No -- it's their fault" I said, nodding toward Chrissie and Patsie. And then I took a cue from Chrissie and sat back in my chair, shoulders squared, and didn't even try to hide. If they wanted to see, well, I had no objection.
Andy looked as flustered as anyone there, and when Chrissie said "Truth", he asked "What do you think we should do next?"
"I think we should change the order" she said. We all know what the people doing the asking will say, more or less -- this game needs a sense of surprise."
We all agreed, and reversed the order, but not the direction. Each person would shift their target one place. Which left me the next question, and I got to ask it of Patsie.
"Truth or Dare?"
"Dare!"
"Roll a d10, and you have one minute -- sixty seconds -- to arouse that person without leaving your seat."
Damn me if she didn't roll a 10, and when we stated to say "Default!" she held up a hand. When we quieted down, she licked one finger of that hand, and rubbed it down the front of her bikini bottom (which I can see very clearly even now -- it was a vivid green), while using the other hand to gently rub her nipples. Her lower hand got more and more insistent and the damp patch on her bottoms grew larger until Andy choked out "Time". He'd actually looked at his watch while the rest of us were holding our breath.
When Andy stopped her, Patsie flushed, sat up straighter, licked her fingers to clean then and then grabbed a piece of cloth from the table to dry her hands. That cloth turned out to be my cutoffs, and I was very jealous of them.
Chrisie then gave the same dare to Andy, who rolled a three. Andy looked at Spence, they both shook their heads, and Andy pulled off his shorts and tossed them onto the table. He was wearing simple plaid boxers that left everything to the imagination.
Alas, next in line was Spence, who, as I said before, I'd known in high school (and not seen in the over 10 years until I joined the group), and he knew my history. When I chose Dare, he said "Dance!"
Now I have to admit that, while I have some skills, dancing is not among them. In high school, Spence and I were in the school theatre club and did several plays together, and he knew that in our senior year I was given the award for being the worst dancer in the county. But I had a dare.
"There's no radio or stereo here -- what am I going to dance to?" I asked.
And friendly, helpful, sweet Patsie started, in her own key, to sing the theme from "Ghostbusters."
Thank goodness for Andy's stop watch.
We all got a good laugh out of it. And it moved a few things in awkward directions, but at least the embarrassment of it all removed much of the blood from what had been threatening to become a full-on hard-on, and let me sit, physically comfortable (if not emotionally so) at the end of my sixty seconds.
And it gave everyone else a great laugh.
Then Chrissie called "Dare" and Patsie gave her the same dare she'd been given. We all watched the die as it spun on the table, and when it finally landed on a 9, I almost had a heart attack.
Andy picked up his watch and called start and then Chrissie looked me right in the eye, licked her lips and ran one hand slowly around the back of her neck and down her shoulder to her breast, tweaking the nipple and then moving to the other nipple, then she licked her fingers and began to slowly massage both nipples and breasts, and then ... Andy called "Time!"
Chrissie looked at the tent in my shorts, and said "Well, I guess that wasn't a default." I just fumbled for my soda, ran the still cold can over my sweaty brow, and tried to remember to breathe.
Then it was Andy's turn to ask Spence. Did I mention that Andy was a master gamer? Well, Andy had noticed that Spence was the only one who hadn't had a Default. So when Spence called for a Dare, Andy told him to walk on his hands. Kind of a cheat, but everyone understood -- it was as fair as his asking me to dance - and everyone watched as Spence peeled off his shorts. But what we hadn't expected was that Spence was 'going commando'. So our first nude was the one we thought would be the last.
Spence was in decent shape, as we all were, but nothing outstanding unless he was a serious 'grower'. But he was, at best, only half-up, which surprised me. I was having a hell of a time staying under any sort of control. Well, there were ways to cure that, I thought.
Patsie called Dare (of course), and I gave her a variant on the previous dare. "Spend 60 seconds arousing the person you roll. You cant use your hands or speak."
She rolled a three, and we all turned to watch as she slinked across the room, knelt in front of Chrissie and then clasped her hands behind her back. The she leaned forward and kissed Chrissie fully on the lips, pretty much like most of the rest of us wanted to do. When they separated, Chrissie asked "Onlysheisn't allowed to use her hands, right?" We all agreed, and Chrissie held Patsie's shoulders (partly to keep her from falling over) as Patsie slurped and licked her way lower and lower, kissing down one earlobe and across the collar bone to one nipple. She was just working her way down Chrissie's stomach when Andy called "Time!"
As Patsie made her way back to the couch, her step unsteady, we looked to Chrissie, who was slumped back in her chair, breathing heavily. I picked up one of my rule books and fanned her with it and she laughed, smiled and said "thanks!"
Then she looked at Andy and pouted a little bit. "Poor Andy" she said - this game isn't great for you, is it? Well, we're just going to see if we can help with that. Same dare."
Andy grinned a little bit and then we all remember his skill with dice. I figured a 1,3,6, or 8 might get him something to deal with that he was used to, and I wasn't entirely sure what number I wanted him to roll. But Spence looked more scared than curious, and seemed very relieved when Andy rolled a seven. On the other hand, I noticed his cock twitching while he was waiting for Andy to roll.
"Maybe his mind isn't as made up as I thought it was, or maybe he split the difference". But he crawled around my chair to Chrissie, handed me his watch, and then continued where Patsie had left off. Tits were apparently not his thing, but he started out licking at her navel, and then worked his wayupfrom there, straight up between her tits to her neck, where he nuzzled around both sides to nibble on both earlobes and then kissed her just as he had before, but perhaps a bit deeper and more passionately, and she kissed him back until I called time.
I didn't even wait for Andy to get back to his chair before I said "Dare!" Spence and Patsie laughed at my eagerness, but that laugh was more than a bit sympathetic. When Andy picked up a shirt to wipe his face, Spence looked at me and said "Same dare -- but two minutes."
I knew they were instigating this, and wanted to see how far it would go. I was still not sure if anyone would chicken out before someone went all the way, but if it depended on me, I'd help keep things move.
I grabbed my favorite d10, looked around the room and tossed it towards the table, but instead of looking at the die, I looked at the people. Chrissie smiled, Andy chuckled, Spence's face stayed blank, and Patsie laughed outright.
"Poetic justice!" exclaimed Patsie, and when I looked down I saw a seven. Lucky seven, at least for Spence. Well, at least I was pretty sure that this would break a boundary. And from the look of him, so did Spence -- his face was blank and his body was rigid, but his cock was also becoming rigid.
So I got up out of my chair, pulled my briefs off and dropped them on the table as I walked around it, my eight inches leading the way. When I got to the couch, I nudged the coffee table back a foot or so and knelt between Spence and Patsie.
"Got the watch ready?" I asked, and Andy nodded, craning his neck for a better view.
It turned out Spence was more of a shower than a grower. Putting my hands to either side of him, I moved forward and took Spence's cock into my mouth. Using my tongue carefully, I licked all around the head before I started bobbing my head, but even so, it only took a half-dozen bobs before I took it all the way to the root.
When I started picking up my rhythm, something bumped my hand and made me almost lose my support, so I pulled my head up and looked to see Patsie scooting very close so that she could see better, with one hand on my back between my shoulder blades, urging me on. So I lifted my hand, scooted her as close as she could be and then went back down on Spence, planting that hand between Patsie's legs, and rubbing her clit and pussy with it nwhere only she and I could see. Spence didn't appear to notice, as he had tilted his head back and closed his eyes. So I Just set a good rhythm, using my tongue as well as I knew how on Spence while I kept my right hand busy on Patsie.
In what seemed like no time at all, I heard Andy call "Time" very quietly behind me, and when I raised my head to see, Andy nudged me out of the way and took my place blowing Spence, and I took the hint and dove down on Patsie, burying my face in her muff and my tongue deep in her pussy. I used a trick I'd discovered at a party a couple of years earlier and snaked my tongue in and up to find her "G" spot, and was rewarded by a moan that transmuted into a squeal that quickly rose up into the pitches that only dogs can hear.
Hearing the probably familiar sound, Spence tilted his head forward to discover that it wasn't my mouth wrapped around his cock any more. He started to protest, but then Andy deep-throated him, which left him immobilized long enough for Patsie to finish her orgasm.
As soon as she came back to a relatively normal state, I scooted up and kissed her as deeply and passionately as I could. I had never imagined I'd actually get a chance to kiss her at all, much less do so after eating her pussy, but she kissed me back, and I probably (almost certainly) would have slid further up and tried to fuck her had I not felt a hand and then a mouth on my cock.
I looked down and saw Chrissie lying on the floor between Andy and I, alternately jacking and sucking our cocks. I hesitated, not knowing what to do, until Patsie pulled me toward her, kissed me hard, and then pushed my head back down between her legs.
I was amazed and overjoyed at how good Patsie tasted. I could have stayed there forever, and have to admit I wanted to, but Spence rolled out from under Andy and towards Patsie, and I only had time to look and see him coming my way before I had to dodge his knee. I rolled away from him and looked back to see Chrissie on the far side of the coffee table, Adam's cock firmly implanted in her mouth. From the look on his face, she was at least as good as any guy he'd ever known. I, on the other hand, had an opportunity ahead of me to replace the lost one behind me, so I crawled over, moved one of Chrissie's legs out of the way, and buried my face in her pussy.
Chrissie tasted different from Patsie, but not bad -- just different, and even though I was not in love with her, I still gave her my best. I used every trick I knew on her, licking nibbling, going for the clit and alternating that with ignoring it entirely while licking around her outer labia until she took a break from what she was doing and said "Enough of that -- fuck me!"
And I did.
I scooted up her torso, licking and nuzzling those amazing boobs as I went, until our torsoes were even, and then, both of us lying on our sides, I slid my rigid cock into her steaming pussy and began to rock in and out of her.
I wanted to kiss her too, but she was still busily going to town on Andy's cock and not wanting to get in the way I held back until she slipped it from her mouth and offered it to me.
"I saw you doing Spence" she said, "so I know you know how, and don't mind." And she smiled a genuine smile as she said it, so I felt safe enough that I knew it was all right.
Chrissie and I alternated sucking Andy off until he tried to pull away. Knowing what was happening, I pinned him down and took him as deep in my mouth as I could without taking him into my throat as he came in seemingly endless spurts -- so much that some of it leaked out of the corners of my mouth.
When Andy finished cumming, I pulled off of him and would have swallowed it, but Chrissie pulled me toward her and kissed me deep and hard, and took most of the cum into her mouth. That was so erotic that I kissed her as hard as I could while I came deep inside of her.
And that gave her a look of panic.
Ah. That made sense. "Don't worry" I told her - " I'll take care of it." and I slid back down her body and dove into her pussy again, eating as much of my load out of her as I could. And as I cleaned her up, she swiveled around and cleaned me up, licking and sucking our mixed juices off of my cock. And when we were both done, we kissed deeply again and mixed our loads in our mouths.
"Wow, that was amazing!" I heard behind me, and pivoted to see Spence and Patsie on the couch, him just finishing up his last thrusts. He was completely into her (more than just physically), but she'd been watching us, and her expression was almost as much one of jealousy as of satiation.
And then Spence grunted and groaned and said "I'm cumming!!"
But Patsie pushed him away and gestured with her head toward me. I caught the clue right away and jumped to the couch, taking Spence's first spurt across the forehead, and the rest in my mouth. He may not have had a giant cock, but his load was one of the biggest I've ever seen in or out of the movies. Then again, wed' all been aroused for hours, and that always givesmea bigger load. Once I'd taken it all, I looked up at Patsie, but it appeared she wasn't into that kind of thing as much as I was, so I rolled back over and shared it all with Chrissie.
By then it was nearly midnight, and we all staggered into the bedroom and collapsed onto each other to sleep. I woke once in the middle of the night to see Patsie and Chrissie making out, but they didn't give me any sign that I was invited, so I went back to sleep until morning.
The next morning we all showered and had a light breakfast and drove back to town, oddly silent.
The next week. We arrived at Danny's as usual for the game, and Patsie said that Chrissy had called and said she would not be coming back, as she'd found a better job that required her to move out of town. Danny was suspicious and asked questions, but we just told him that we'd played card games until we were tired.
Now that was a trip to remember!