Naked Hubby is at it again. If you haven't been following. I am an exhibitionist and I love being naked and hard. My wife doesn't like being naked as much as I do, but she loves living the CFNM life with me. She has put me in lots of situations where I am naked for her pleasure (and mine), even photographing many of the events so we can enjoy them later. Many times we have been very close to getting caught or actually got caught. It is both terrifying and exhilarating at the same time.
This time we had driven to Chicago for a weekend getaway. We had reservations at an upscale hi-rise hotel, one known for large rooms, great city views and in-hotel night life.
Chicago is about a five hour drive and we took off as soon as we both finished with work, so it was dark soon after we got on the road. Of course, once we got on the road I had to spend most of the trip riding naked, (I even had to sneak into the rest area bathroom naked. I'll tell that story separately later).
Anyway, we get into the city and pay the valet to park the car and head to the check in counter. Recently my wife had upgraded my wardrobe (another Naked Hubby adventure) and on this trip I was wearing a pair of shorts and shirt she had picked out for me. These shorts were white and borderline see through, and loose enough that I would tent them any time I had an erection.
Well guess what? My lovely wife made sure I had an erection as we walked through the lobby.
She hung back a little behind me to see the reactions of others and my condition didn't go unnoticed by the girl behind the check in counter. A second later my wife was at my side with a huge grin on her face.
We gave the clerk our name and she provided us with our room keys. After the typical banter about the room amenities and restaurants and bar hours, she pointed us to the elevators.
Then, looking down at my crotch she says, "I hope you kids have a great time."
"Oh we will!" My wife says looking over her shoulder.
We get to our room and get everything unpacked and my wife suggests. "Let's go get a drink."
"Sounds good to me."
There is a rooftop bar here, so we head up to that. The bar is crowded, but we are able to find a couple seats overlooking the city. We enjoy some wine and the cool night air is refreshing.
After my second glass I announce that I have to pee, my wife says, "Just a sec" then reaches between my legs and massages me just enough to start a tent in my shorts. "Ok, go ahead."
Just as I stand up, I run smack into the waitress, hard on first. "I'm so sorry" I utter.
"Not a problem." she says, she gives me a once over and she pauses while looking below my belt, then looking to my wife they both giggle a little.
I try to make my way through the crowd, but it's kinda hard (pun intended). My hard-on tenting my shorts and leading the way like a search light. Bumping into everyone is embarrassing and stimulating at the same time. I finally get there, do my business and return to our table.
Looking directly at my crotch, my wife frowns and says. "Aww, it went away."
"Sorry, I'm sure you'll fix that soon enough."
We had a couple more glasses of wine, and talked about our weekend and what we wanted to do, basically just enjoying the warm night. All this time my wife is casually caressing my thigh, occasionally moving to my cock, usually when the waitress happened by, much to both their enjoyment, and mine too, let's be real. Deciding we were both sufficiently relaxed, we settled up our check and head back to our room.
We were only three floors below the bar, so my wife suggests "Let's take the stairs to get our blood flowing."
We locate the stairs at the end of the hallway and enter the door to the stairway. As the door closes behind us, my wife pins me to the wall and lays a big sloppy kiss on me, forcing her tongue into my mouth. Obviously I'm not the only one horny as hell.
Breaking off the kiss she grabs my hand and pulls me down the stairs, stopping at the first landing.
Looking at me with that mischievous twinkle in her eyes, simply commands. "Drop' em!".
"Here?!?" I protest.
Truth be told, that command always produces the same result and since I was already hard I throb in my shorts.
"Yep, you can make the rest of the trip to our room naked".
I drop my shorts there in the concrete and steel fire escape, step out of them and hand them over to her. She stuffs them in her bag and looking at me expectantly I realize she wants my shirt too. I hand that over and she adds it to her bag.
I am now standing in a fire escape stairway naked except for my shoes. Hoping (kind of) that no one else feels like 'getting their blood flowing'.
Satisfied I am sufficiently hard and embarrassed, my wife grabs my engorged member and continues walking down the stairs leading me on like a pull toy. I watch enough TV to know that there are cameras everywhere, so I am sure the security folks will get a good laugh if they ever view the tapes.
I am positively dripping at this point, and several times my wife stops, wipes the head of my cock with a finger and has me lick it clean for her.
We finally arrive at our floor. I was a bit apprehensive about what would happen at that point, however, my wife opens the door and peeks out.
"The coast is clear." she says, "Come on."
At that we enter the hallway and I can see that we are not too far from our room. But it still feels like it's miles away. My senses are on high alert, I'm constantly looking for places to hide and listening for any sounds that may indicate someone else in the hallway.
We finally make it to our door and as we stop my wife looks at me and asks "Where's the key?"
"Oh shit, it's in my shorts, where's yours?" I ask her.
"In the room, I knew you'd have yours with you." She responds.
We are standing so close to the safety of our room and my wife has the biggest smirk on her face knowing how nervous and excited I am. Slowly and making quite a show of it, she pulls every item out of her purse and hands them to me one by one saying. "Don't drop anything."
This further ensures I won't be able to cover up should someone come out of their room. Finally pulling out my shorts, and making a show of it, she feels around in my pockets as if looking for the key card.
After an eternity she finally produces a key with a flourish, "It was right here the whole time." Pulling her key out of her purse. "Silly me, I thought I left it in the room."
Agonizingly slow, she takes each item from me and returns it to her purse. I'm standing in a hotel hallway naked and achingly erect.
I'd love to yell "hurry up!" But I know from experience that would cause her to go even slower.
Once everything is back where it belongs, she looks at me asking. "Ready to go inside?"
"Yes please" is all I can muster.
Just as she is inserting the key in the door, the elevator 'dings' alerting us that someone will soon be exiting on our floor.
We are about 10 rooms from the elevator, but that's still close enough for someone to recognize a naked human being. My wife hesitates just long enough to see a couple exit the elevator. She opens our door and allows me to scramble in. I am sure that both people are asking each other what they just saw.
The "almost" getting caught is one the most exhilarating parts of these games. If we could be sure we wouldn't offend someone or get arrested, I am sure we'd take the game even further.
Once inside I attempt to push my wife towards the bed.
"Slow down big boy, we'll get there soon enough." She scolds me.
She saunters over to our luggage and pulls out another bottle of wine we had brought. Handing it to me to open she walks over to the window and opens the curtains as wide as they will go.
We are on the 25th floor, while not the tallest building around us, it still offers magnificent views of the city.
"Come look" she calls out.
I had just got the wine poured into glasses and handed her one as I approached. I can feel the coolness from the window on my naked skin as I get closer. It feels quite nice as I am feeling warm both from the wine and the excitement heating up my blood. I stop about an arms length away, but my wife is having none of it.
"Come closer" she says grabbing my hand and pulling me to her directly in front of the floor to ceiling window.
Putting her hand on my butt, she pushes me forward so that I am almost making contact with the window. With one last little nudge, the head of my cock makes contact with cool glass, causing me to shiver. Simultaneously we both notice that I have left a little smear of fluid on the window.
"Think housekeeping will know what that is?" I ask.
At that, my wife reaches down lifts my erection and pushes me tight to the window, when she releases me, we can see that there will be no doubt what made that stain.
Giggling, she looks back out the window and says. "How many people do think are working tonight?"
I reply. "Based on the lights on in the building across from us, there appears to be quite a few late shift workers."
"Good" was all she said.
Continuing to look out the window and drink our wine, we can see people milling about in different office buildings going about their lives. Scanning the floors, my wife notices what she thinks is someone looking out one of the office windows,
"Look there, I think you have an audience."
Finding where she is talking about, I have to agree with her, someone is standing there looking around. We are just across a city street from the adjacent building, at best 50 feet away from each other. Close enough that we can tell it's a woman, and it won't be long before she sees us.
I start to back away, but with a firm smack to my ass, I am told to "stay put!".
"As a matter of fact, put your hands behind your back." she adds.
I do as I am told and I am completely exposed to anyone who wants to look.
The excitement is palpable as my wife wonders aloud, "I wonder how she'll react? Think she'll like the view or call the cops?"
A few seconds later we have our answer in the form of her putting her hand over her mouth and turning away. She then turns back towards us as if trying to make sure she isn't seeing things. Her second reaction is a positive one as we can see her give a thumbs up to us. We can also see her doing something with her cell phone.
My wife says, "You're getting photographed."
"Oh shit." I respond.
I desperately want to run away while at the same time stay and see how it plays out. Our voyeur must have summoned her co workers, suddenly there were 3 more women at the window. More phones came out, I assume to take more pictures. My wife is loving this and so am I.
"Turn sideways for them" my wife directs, grabbing my hips and turning me to the right.
I am now showing my profile and of course my erection is jutting out as well. The group of women is now exaggeratedly clapping their hands to show their approval. What a sight it must be, a man standing naked and hard in a window for all to see and a fully clothed woman standing beside him.
One of the woman seems to be motioning but we can't tell what she is doing. She herself turns sideways and again in an exaggerated manner, mimics a man jerking off.
"Well looks like you have a request, give them a show." My wife instructs me.
"I won't last long" I say to me wife.
"Well make it last as long as you can."
I don't dare actually touch myself at this point, so I keep my hand open and mimic as if I were jacking my dick. My wife reaches under my arms and begins to tweak my nipples, they are extremely sensitive and at this point I could probably come just from her attention to them.
I close my hand a little and lightly caress the shaft, which causes me to noticeably shiver. My wife then tugs on my nipples, pulling them taught and away from my body.
She then leans in and whispers into to my ear. "Cum for me, cum for them."
I can't hold back any longer, I grab my shaft and begin to vigorously stroke. It only takes about a minute and I stiffen up.
My wife is still playing with my nipples and this time she whispers. "Cum, shoot it on the window so they can see".
That does it, with a jerk, my cum flies out and hits the window with an audible smack. It is followed by two, three, four more spurts. All of them landing on the glass.
My audience is whooping it up, although we can't hear them we can feel their excitement as they clap and jump around. I am physically leaning back on my wife for support, my legs having gone weak on me. We are watching the women across the gap and my wife gives them the "wait a minute" sign, she then reaches to the window and catches some of my come that is slowly running down the glass.
Scooping up a bit of my spunk, she brings it to my mouth saying. "You know what to do."
I open my mouth and when her finger enters my mouth I close down and lick my cum from them. Another round of applause and cheers erupt from our voyeurs.
"Wave to them." She tells me.
I raise my hand to wave, but she says, "no, wave your cock at them."
I grasp my softened member and wag it at them, getting a return wave from the group. Then, pulling my hand away I wag my hips causing my dick to flop up and down.
"Show off" my wife laughs.
She then grabs my shoulders, turning me around while pushing me to my knees. Even though she is fully dressed, she pushes my face to into her crotch. I push my face deep into her sex and inhale deeply. It is evident that she is excited and ready for her own release. I look over to the window and see that our audience is still intently watching, so I over exaggerate as if I am eating her out.
My wife then pulls her skirt up and over my head, allowing me unencumbered access to her bare pussy. Her clit is swollen, red, and begging for attention. Knowing how close she must be, I zero in and suck her engorged button into my mouth and begin to buzz saw my tongue over it.
Almost immediately she stiffens, pulls my face deeper into her, and begins to convulse in her own orgasm. She is terribly sensitive after she comes, so I gently run my tongue in and around her lips until she finally pushes me away.
Pulling her skirt over my head I stand back up. Looking out the window I see we still have an audience and they are still clapping. Well would you imagine that, my erection has fully returned.
"Say good bye to our friends." she tells me.
We turn and give them a wave, then grabbing my growing erection, my wife gives one last wave, pulls the drapes shut and drags me over to the bed.
Stripping off her clothes in record time and laying back with her legs spread wide, she pulls me between her legs and I drive in deep starting another series of orgasms for her. I drive hard and fast the way she likes it.
Even though I just came minutes ago, the feeling of her hot and slippery cunt has me ready to burst again. With one final hard deep push I unleash another torrent of come. Feeling me swell and unload in her sends her further over the edge. Grabbing tight to my back, her hips are uncontrollably bucking and twitching.
Eventually we come down and relax, she loosens her grip on me and falls back on the bed, I roll off her and collapse by her side. Shortly we are both fast asleep, me spooning her from behind.