Sometimes a person can make a decision without really knowing that its life changing, the ripple of that single choice spreading outward so quickly and far reaching that no one person could ever track all the ways it affects the world. One can only see the effects right in front of them. I made the kind of choice that changed my world and my closets friends profoundly.
My name is Madison and I'm an online porn star.
Not a single person who knows me from before would ever suspect I could or would ever do something like have sex on camera, but I do. And I love it. Two of my friends know. They know because they are who I have sex with, and I'm so grateful.
Let me back up.
It started when I was working my ass off as a professional dancer, but just wasn't making enough to pay rent. I used my credit card to pay rent one month and then had a freak out as my card was suddenly now needing big monthly payments on top of my normal budget. I was sinking and I didn't see a way out.
I did what lots of other people do and I smoked a joint, put some porn on my phone and started masturbating just to feel something good. Then I saw an ad for girls to work webcams for money and my stoned, horny brain thought of something I would never have considered if I weren't desperate and high.
I thought why not me? I look as good as any of those girls; I'm petite, really fit, and everyone says I'm cute. When I wasn't working so hard and stressed most of the time I got hit on everywhere I went. Men and women. I love sex,,but I hadn't been with anyone for a while when I saw that ad, which may have been a factor.
Once I signed up, I fooled around making a profile and did one session where I danced in a bra and panties, getting off on the risk of it, but only two guys joined and I made less than thirty bucks. After that I didn't put too much effort into it until one evening when I was feeling the anxiety of rent looming and not having enough to pay my bills. I decided to go on my web cam again.
For whatever reason more men than ever showed up and I was making some money all of a sudden. Unable to believe how much money was racking up on the counter, I made kissy faces at the camera and danced seductively for my paying customers. Excited by fourteen pairs of eyes seeing me through my camera and the climbing dollar amount in the corner, I showed my body to anonymous strangers on the internet. A weird mix of avarice and lust were fighting for supremacy as I teased myself and them by touching myself.
Thrusting out my chest and reached behind myself to undo my bra, the counter jumped from $40.88 to $81.76. All of them were still watching. It was the first time I'd had more than ten men watch me, and it felt sensational to be seen by so many and to earn so much.
The idea of being able to pay off my credit card spurred me to turn on my bed, facing away from my laptop, to show them my fingers undoing my bra. Waggling my firm ass at the camera every time I heard the chime of money coming in, I undid the clasp and let my bra fall open.
Peaking coyly over one shoulder, pretending I was looking each man in the eye, I glanced at the dollar counter. $140.16. I felt my nipples getting hard. A tingle in my clit made me squirm, a pleasant need burgeoning there. Allowing my passion to show on my face, no acting nor artifice, only a willingness to be seen, I dropped one hand and caressed my ass cheek.
Did the idea that all those people were watching me, make me horny? Oh yes it did. Very much. I rubbed my ass because it felt good knowing they could see me do it. The fact that the more I showed them the more money I made was equally thrilling. I had finished a dance degree, which meant I was thousands of dollars in debt with a very bleak future in the arts ahead of me, every dollar sign on the screen freed me from debt slavery, and I don't use that term lightly.
Not to get too political, but I want to talk about life as a dancer for one moment. Skip this paragraph if you want- The year after I graduated I earned $12,365 as a dancer. That was in professional productions, tours, in film, as a teacher, an understudy, or a hired dancer for workshops of future productions that I have no guarantee of being cast in. I also have a part time job in a flower shop, where I earned $5236.78 last year, but I was on tour a bunch so I wasn't there all year.
So I was overjoyed, and getting giddy as the indicator climbed over $200. It was the highest single payout I'd made so far doing cam work. I hadn't really put my heart into it, like being on Tinder, it was disposable joy masquerading as productive enterprise. That evening though, the sight of a climbing dollar count and more viewers inspired me.
Dancing for them with all my years of skill, I cupped my breasts with both hands and spun on my knees to face the camera. Trained to make each of my turns graceful and elegant, always playing coy and seductive, I felt confident that I could move better than most of the other girls on that site. My plan was to tease these guys and do a professional burlesque show in my bedroom.
Massaging my breasts, I tweaked my nipples, glad to finally be paying them attention. With half closed eyes, unable to stop watching the money grow, I fondled my breasts, teasing myself and those unseen people. There were more of them now, the money growing exponentially. I was approaching $500 and a jolt of delight went through me.
Leaning back on the pillows I'd piled up earlier, I was able to lay back and expose myself fully to the camera, my laptop was at the foot of the bed, on top of a briefcase. I watched myself in the browser window, proud of how sexy I looked. While one hand continued to grope both my breasts, I let the other hand sneak down my belly to my damp panties.
With my thighs wide open, I rubbed my pussy through the silky material. I remained in that position for a while, stroking my pussy over my panties and played with my titties. Content to writhe on the bed and tease myself, I watched the dollar signs grow. For two minutes I stroked my happy muff and the number of people watching jumped. I couldn't believe it. There were over forty people watching me, and my dollar amount had climbed to $689.08.
Excited by the amount of men watching me, I pulled my panties off as I lifted my legs and dragged my panties up them. I loved showing off for them. In little ways like this, I took pleasure in exposing my body, thrilled by my nudity and the money it brought.
Languidly, I allowed my legs to fall wide open, exposing my smooth, bald sex to dozens of remote viewers. My numbers continued climbing; I was gaining viewers and retaining them. Gratefully I slid my fingers into my burning snatch. With the fingers of one hand I held my lips wide-open, showing as much pink as possible, with the others I delved in and got my fingers slick.
Dipping in and out, I fucked myself slowly. It felt great to finally be appeasing the ache in my slit to be filled. With my eyes hardly focusing on my numbers, I squirmed, sensation enlivening my body. Panting, overcome with passion, I wriggled and moaned when I finally started rubbing my clit with my slippery fingers. Knowing they could hear my whimpers I made more noise than usual
Electric shocks charged along my nerves, my clit burning where my fingers brushed against it. I began grazing my fingers rapidly back and forth across my clit approaching orgasm, giving my growing audience a show, allowing them to see my raw lust and carnal need.
As the chime went off showing me $849.68 I felt the onrush of an orgasm as powerful as any I could remember. Groaning as my body clenched in preparation for a massive climax, I frigged my clit frantically.
Then I heard my name shouted by a man, concern in his voice and a knock on my door. Wrenched from the brink of euphoria, I tried to form words, but I made garbled guttural noises that, I admit I would have thought sounded like a person in peril from the other side of a door.
One of my roommates, Stig a big Nordic looking filmmaker, burst into the room and saw me curling up around my arms, naked and trying to cover up.
"Oh shit! I'm sorry!"
He began to leave, but I called out "Wait!"
Another life changed decision.
I lived with two other people in a run down rental house. Stig was a camera assistant in the film business, he wanted to be a director of photography someday. He loved cameras, movies and his Nordic heritage.
All three of us were close. So close that almost two months before, on New Year's Eve Esme, a visual artist, Stig and I had all taken MDMA and wound up having a threesome. For real. It had been amazing, but I hadn't fooled around with Stig since. I'd been busy and preoccupied, but now that Stig was there I wanted his cock and to make even more money.
Stig tried not to look at me, but he couldn't help himself. I relaxed and dropped my arms and legs, exposing myself. I resumed playing with my clit, not wanting to lose any viewers as well as to coax Stig into joining me.
"C'mere a sec. Look. I'm on a webcam. I'm a cam girl. I have 55 viewers right now."
I pointed with my pussy soaked fingers to my screen. Stig's wide blue eyes followed from where they had been riveted to my exposed sex to the computer propped on the briefcase.
The rooms in this old house were small, in two strides of his long legs Stig could peer at the screen. The shot was of my wide spread legs straight up the hoohah, and he could see where 55 viewers were spending $2.92/min, the indicator showing $1010.28.
"Holy shit. What the fuck?" Stig was clearly having his mind blown, so I opted to blow him and thus it even more.
"Let me give you a blow job and I'll split whatever we make. What do you say?"
"You want me to be in a porno with you?"
"I want your cock to be..."
I smiled up at him sweetly, once more masturbating for my viewers. I really didn't want to lose them. I have a pretty endearing smile and I used it with malicious intent, wanting his cock and more money.
"I can explain this later, I swear, but I've never had this many viewers and I would love to grab as much cash as possible while I have them."
"Oh man, I don't know."
"Dude, trust me, the minute I'm sucking your cock you'll forget all about the camera." I looked him in the eye using as much of my sex appeal as I could wield. "Stig. Think about it. I'm offering to suck your cock. And let you cum on my face. Seriously what's the problem?"
"Aw fuck, that's not playing fair."
"What? You're getting paid to have one of the cutest women you know blow you? What the hell is unfair about that?"
He cocked his head and thought about it for one nanosecond and nodded. "You're right."
Unzipping his shorts, Stig pulled out his fantastic member. I hadn't seen him naked since our threesome and I'd forgotten the exact details. Seeing it, I remembered his long, thick cock and smiled nervously. Long for me is bad. I'm only 5'3" and pretty wee at that, but that didn't matter right then, I had viewers to please. Stig pulled down his shorts and stood beside the bed. I shuffled the laptop around until I framed just his cock and the hint of a man standing there.
With most of the screen left to play with I crawled over and arranged my body for the maximum exposure that still allowed me to give Stig my attention. Laying on my side, leaning on one arm, I used my other hand to stroke his prick to attention. I parted my legs, lifting the top knee high so my smoothly shaved pussy was exhibited and I leaned forward to begin sucking Stig's cock. My orgasm had abated during all that negotiating, but it was thrilling to be naked in front of him again.
Quickly, Stig became hard in my mouth. The feeling of having his cock grow under my tongue, the heat increasing steadily, felt marvellous. Once I'm horny, I can't help but think cocks are fascinating. They are delightfully absurd, totally male, strong and muscular, yet soft and fragile.
Letting my mouth coat him in drool, I slavered over his whole shaft, running my lips along it like a corn cob. Peering over his girth, I saw the dollar signs reach $1200. Delighted I watched my face on screen looking like a porn star. Hell I was a porn star.
Instead of the money, suddenly I couldn't stop looking at how massive Stig's cock looked in my small hand, my face, cute as a button, peeking over him. Pumping him with my little fist, I ran my mouth all over him, up and down, over and under, putting on a show, but mostly, simply delighted to feel his smooth skin under my lips and tongue.
Caressing his firm, hot manhood, I lewdly allowed myself to be forever immortalized on the internet as the total slut I was. I was worked Stig's cock for all I was worth, trying to make him cum, hoping it took a while. I'd really missed having sex.
I opened my throat to him and shoved in as much of Stig's long cock as I could. I swallowed him deep and then pulled back, beginning to move in and out slowly, using my entire mouth to pleasure him. I couldn't take anywhere near all of him, but I could take a lot. Stig grunted and moaned his gratification to be so far inside my mouth. Relaxing, allowing him greater depth, I tried to take him deep, drool spilling out of my mouth as my gag reflex kicked in. The sense of almost choking was sordid and sexy, the wetness spattering my chest depraved and smutty.
Spreading my tongue out along the underside of his shaft I took him in and tried to caress his girth with my lips. I wanted as much of him in my mouth as possible. I yearned to taste more of him, to be able to lick more, but I was too small.
I heard the counter ding as another minute went by and more dollars rolled in.
Pulling back, Stig began to stoke his cock himself, lifting it and offering me his heavy, full balls. Happy to oblige I began to caress his scrotum with my tongue. With long seductive swipes of my wet organ, I bathed his heavy sack with my willing mouth.
I stroked my tongue all over his big balls, then I kissed them, lovingly. As Stig jerked off, looking down at me, I smiled up at him and sucked his balls. The look on his face was priceless; he looked shocked, hopeful, and worried as he stared at me happily worshipping his sex.
Feeding me his knob once more, Stig still stroked himself, but allowed me to slurp on his sensitive tip, making him wince and hiss with pleasure. I loved it too, the slippery knob was hot, big, and wonderful to taste and feel.
Years of conditioning meant I could hold this awkward position for a long time, but Stig was not up to the challenge. Feeling his balls tighten under my fingers, I suspected he might cum soon. Moving my hand from his scrotum to my slit, I started to rub my dripping pussy, shocked at how wet I was.
The tingle in my clit erupted back to life once my fingers made contact. The orgasm of before paled in comparison to the one I felt cumming now. Tiny spasms convulsed my body as ecstasy bloomed along every nerve.
Gasping for air around the long pole moving between my lips, my body strained toward release, my climax rushing onward encouraged by the sordid situation. Stig started humping my face, jacking off faster, his knob still between my lips, my tongue swirling around his tip.
Slurping his knob wantonly, with my mouth I did to his tip what my fingers were doing to my clit. Driving us both to climax, I squirmed on the bed, my body thrumming with building energy. Pleasure grew so intense that I stopped breathing, my body using every resource to achieve climax.
Then Stig popped his knob from my mouth and shot a thick jet of sperm onto my lips and chin. The hot, wet splash felt salacious and sordid, making me delight in my achievement. I had made him cum. It always makes me feel so happy to make a man cum.
My orgasm began then, my fingers frantically rubbing my tender button as my face was spattered with gouts of jism. Convulsions of carnal bliss detonated all through my body, making me shudder from the power of my climax. Ecstasy ravished me. Well aware that the entire internet would be able to see my brazen display, I came harder than I had in a long time. Glancing up at Stig as his orgasm erupted over me, I was amazed at what I was doing. My roommate was cumming on my face for paying strangers to witness, and it was making me climax powerfully.
I was sick and shameless and I totally loved it.
When he finished cumming on my face, Stig began popping his knob in and out of my mouth. While I was quaking with climax after climax, he coated his knob in his sperm and pushed it between my lips, feeding me his load. Like a depraved harlot, I scoured my burning clit with my juice soaked fingers as I devoured his sperm.
My climax went on and on for as long as Stig smeared his cock around my face and pushed it into my mouth. When he stopped, however long that was, my orgasm subsided in juddering waves, my body spent and languid. I collapsed back onto my pillows, exhausted and out of breathe.
Stig did something then that only a filmmaker would do. He lifted the laptop and, using the camera, he filmed me, sprawled across my bed, panning up my lean, toned body to reveal my face in sperm soaked close-up. Blissed out from my climax, I smiled feebly at the camera and saw that the numbers $2534.52. I felt an aftershock, a mini-climax as I looked from the money to my cum stained face on screen. Both filled me with delight.
Lingering, holding the camera for me, Stig encouraged me to show off. Using the fingers of both hands, I used the window on screen as a mirror and cleaned the last dregs of sperm from my face and licked it from my sticky fingers.
A slutty porn star through and through, I allowed my pleasure at being so sleazy shine through as I happily finished the last drops of cum. The viewers were dropping off now. It was time to say goodbye. The total was $2957.92 and I was completely satisfied.
I blew a kiss to the camera and my viewers, grateful for all the money, and with a little wave goodbye from me, Stig closed the laptop and stared at me, messy with his jism, and flush with euphoria.
"Madison, what the fuck just happened?" He sat on the end of my bed, his cock still hard as he looked at me, bewildered and gentle.
"Ok, look. I was getting desperate, I had to pay rent with a credit card a couple months ago, it was shitty. Then, one night I was surfing porn and a webcam thing came up. It just clicked in my head, y'know. I dance, I'm sexy, I could do this."
"Yeah, I get it. I'm just surprised, I guess. You're so middle class."
"Hah. What fucking middle class? I live way below the poverty line. So do you."
"Yeah..."
"Well, my friend, you just made $1400 in a few minutes."
I watched that number sink in.
"Really?"
"Less a 30% site fee, so around $1000. The site recorded that and will probably reuse it. You'll get paid for that if it ever makes any money again. I'll print out a contract for you."
"Ugh." He seemed reluctant about that.
"But... how about that blowjob? Huuuuh?" I tried to let my enthusiasm woo him, mugging an overly gleeful expression, forgetting the sperm glistening on my skin.
Nodding he grinned. "That was pretty great."
"Right? Think about it. That could happen again, pretty much anytime you like as far as I'm concerned. I'm hooked. The money is too good!"
I saw him process that. I was pimping myself out to him. Sex anytime he wanted as long as I could use the web cam. My stomach felt fluttery and nervous as I waited for him to answer. Was I being too aggressive, too corporate? Did this make me repulsive, whoring myself on camera?
The post-orgasm shame started to whisper in the dark of my brain. It nagged at me for being nude in front of him, and I had to resist the temptation to cover up, my exposed body was the lure to get what I wanted.
Ashamed of my sperm stained face, I licked my lips tasting his seed. The voice whispered about how degenerate I was to enjoy the taste of my defilement. I knew better than to listen to it. Sex produces chemicals in the brain that lower inhibitions, everyone does or thinks things during sex that they feel guilty about afterwards.
"Ok. I don't want my face on there, ever, but I'll do it." I whooped out loud. "Madison, you are the sexiest chick I've ever known. (Don't tell Esme) I'd love to... do... whatever you want. But, we should do it right, on a good camera..."
I had him. As his brain switched into work mode, I realized I had recruited a film maker to become my porn partner. Instant fear and lust washed through my whole body. I couldn't believe I was going even further into my debauched new career.
After we spoke a little longer, I had a shower.
Stig was in his room listening to music when I got out, I could hear chunky guitar riffs. I'd had some fun, sexy ideas in the shower that I wanted to share with Stig. Actually, I'd started masturbating and got myself off a couple times thinking of different ways we could fuck on camera.
When I stepped out of the bathroom, lost in thought, wearing only a towel, Esme was walking by and scared me. I screamed and scared her, she screamed and then we both screamed with laughter, instantly hysterical. We cracked each other up a lot. We were really close. We'd lived together in a place before this and decided to get a place with Stig after meeting him at a music festival and loving his vibe.
That had been a year ago, but none of us had fooled around before New Year's. The sexual tension was there, but for dozens of reasons none of us had made any moves on anyone else. Since New Year's Esme and Stig hooked up once in a while, but they also both slept with other people.
Esme and I had slept together once after the threesome.
Two weeks before Stig walked in on my cam session Esme had knocked on my door late at night, high as fuck on MDMA, which we usually only did once every couple months. As she sat on my bed, naked, talking a mile a minute, she stroked my skin, any skin she could touch. I had been asleep, so I was naked. I had been warm and cozy under my blankets, the light off, until Esme had brought in a fucking candle with her. First she took my arm and caressed it gently as she spoke.
"Madison, I love you."
She kissed my arm, and I smiled into the pillow, hiding from the light, but happy to have the attention. I crave affection. It's probably a problem, but I've surrounded myself with loving people, so it works.
"Madison. I was at an opening tonight. Some paintings. It was fucking smut and I loved it. I have some ideas. I need you to pose nude for me, okay."
She kissed my arm some more. I giggled into my pillow. I hadn't told her about my web cam gig. I hadn't gotten a paycheck yet at that point, so it still didn't seem real, and I was embarrassed.
"Please pose nude with me. Stig said yes. I want you too. I want you two. I want you to..."
She pulled my blanket down and her kissing mouth went searching for my breast. I was happy to feel her kisses, my body rousing, my mind returning to specific intimate moments with Esme while Stig was recuperating on New Year's.
That wonderful mouth found my nipple and I rolled onto my back, languid, willing, already seduced, but not doing anything. Esme began sucking my other nipple, her warm, wet mouth making me writhe under my sheets, instantly, magically horny.
Back and forth her soft, glorious mouth moved from aching nipple to aching nipple. Dark, purple-streaked hair fell long and wavy over my skin, teasing me. Amazed at her femininity compared to being with a man, I'd been salaciously thrilled by being made love to by a woman. Just that one other wonderful time on New years had I felt aroused while touching and being touched by a soft, smooth person. Esme's touch was light, less possessive, but equally arousing. A hand crept down my belly, stroking my warm skin with cool fingers.
A shudder of delight ran though my body. What a wonderful way to wake up. With one hand cupping the small mound of my breast, pointing a nipple at her suckling, nibbling mouth and the other stroking my lower belly and upper thighs Esme drove me wild. Curious fingers moved closer to my eager clit and when she found my smooth groin she paused, running her soft fingertips over the freshly shaved skin.
"When did you do that?" she asked, clearly intrigued.
"Today, but the first time was two weeks ago."
"Let me look."
Esme threw off the blankets, exposing my nudity to her drug widen gaze.
"That looks sexy. Turn so I can see in the light."
Where I might have been shy about this sort of thing two weeks before, at that point, after six sessions in front of a camera, I had lost my false modesty and loved having people look at my pretty, pink slit.
"That is so cute."
"Really?"
"YES!"
And with that, my best friend lowered her beautiful, sexy mouth to my vulva and wonderfully began to lick me. Still groggy from being awoken, I lay back, perfectly content to let her have her way with me. Esme nuzzled, slurped, teased and fingered my pussy until my body exploded in a fantastic climax.
Left panting the word "Oh!" over and over, I came down from a fabulous orgasm as Esme cuddled alongside me, stroking me, easing me back from that special place. Turning to her I kissed her wonderful mouth, musky with my cum, slippery and salty.
"Thank you, thank you, thank you." I murmured as I kissed her, getting aroused again.
"Shhh shhh. Lie back." I followed directions, submissive and eager to please. "Go back to sleep. I have one more stop to make. The blow job fairy flitting through the night."
Naked and gorgeous, Esme took her candle and left my room. Still out of breath, I relaxed my trembling muscles and listened as she padded down the hall to Stig's room. I laughed to myself and sighed happily.
I love that woman.
As we cackled laughter in the hall after I'd showered Stig's cum from my face, Esme and I leaned on each gasping at how ridiculous scaring each other had been. Stig came out of his room, curious, smiling at our antics, our laughter rekindled by being witnessed being such idiots.
"What so funny?"
Exactly the kind of thing that makes giddy people laugh.
"Nothing at all."
"I don't know." We cackled like idiots.
Gaining control, I asked Stig to come to the living room and I pulled Esme along with me. Just in my towel, my hair still wet, I sat on a chair opposite the couch where I placed them side by side.
"Esme I have a few things to tell you." She cocked an eyebrow while Stig looked guilty. "I'm a web cam girl. I masturbate on the internet for money..." Her mouth fell open and her eyes popped wide. "Yeah. You know I need the money, so I said fuck it. It's this or stripping in a club and fuck that sleazy shit."
"Ho. Ly. Fuck! Mads!"
"I know, I should have told you sooner, but it didn't seem like a big deal... until today."
Esme intuited Stig's involvement and looked at him. Knowing I didn't confide in him like I did her, she knew there was no reason for him to be here if he wasn't involved.
"Stig didn't know why I was being so loud in my room. I was... um..." I blushed. "Working... and got carried away and he burst in and caught me red handed."
"Red fingered." Esme said.
"Red pussied." Stig joined in, then looked chagrined.
"Esme... I had more viewers at that moment than I'd had since I started."
"Which was when?" She asked archly.
"A month ago." She cocked an eyebrow again. "Anyway... I was right on the edge of cumming when he rescued me from my orgasm. I wasn't going to let that big crowd go to waste and I was horny as fuck. Plus, Stig I would have done that before- be with you- if I hadn't been so preoccupied. I was really stressed about money. But I think you are sexy as fuck."
Stig was 6'4", maybe 220, I guess. He is thick, not chiselled, but his waist is narrow and his belly firm. We all love dancing, and being naked at raves so we keep in excellent shape. There are lots of group yoga sessions in the mornings, we eat vegetarian most of the time and none of us drink very often, so we look pretty good.
I suppose we're hippies, but we're simply poor artists who have a frugal life style. We try really hard to practise compassion and gratitude as we move through the world. It isn't about religion, it's about being kind. We would frequently smoke a joint and talk about our lives, and more often than not the conversations would lead to some shared moments of vulnerability. When this happened we generally would end things off by telling the person why we thought they were good at something. Just celebrating our dear friends when they felt low. It felt natural to take turns saying something sexy we saw in Stig.
"I love how flexible you are for a guy so big" I added.
"It's fucking sexy as shit that you are such a great cook" Esme gushed.
"I think your cock is amazing." I felt very lovingly about Stig then. "Even though it scares me, you never hurt me."
"Wait what?" Esme exclaimed.
"I blew him on my web cam today. I was deep throating him, but he never gagged me too much."
"Well that's kind" she laughed, "You guys are fucking crazy!" Clearly she was humorously jealous of our adventure.
"I had to catch up. You've fucked him more than me."
"Yes she has. Thank you again." He smirked, finally playing along.
Stig was still a little sexually hung up. He was a bit of an introvert, classic of photographers. MDMA had opened his mind and his heart, as it had for all of us, and now he was able to flirt and play without falling helplessly in romantic love. He was simply openly in love with both of us all the time.
"So..." I got both their attentions. "I have a business now. Stig and I made a lot of money today. We made about $1000 each." The numbers clearly stunned Esme. "That took less than ten minutes. If we slow it down, stretch it out more we can make so much more money. All of us." I looked pointedly at Esme.
Intrigued, but nervous, she looked back at me, comfortably holding my gaze while she considered it.
"I can print you off contracts and walk you through all the steps. We can all register under my account, you would be hired performers. It basically untraceable. You are employees of a talent management company. They take 30% of the money. $2.92 a minute. The longer we are on the more money we make."
"What about taxes?" Stig was always worried about being audited.
"They report our earnings, but it doesn't say what we do."
"I really don't think I want to show my face." He repeated. "Can I shoot it so my face is never seen." Stig asked. "I have too many brothers. They consume enough porn they would see me for sure."
"Of course!" My relief at not being judged flowed out. I had been scared they would think this was a terrible idea. "Oh my god guys! I'm so happy you're going to help me! This is going to save me from bankruptcy!"
"How much could we make?" Esme wasn't particularly fiscally minded so this was a stall tactic, I could tell.
"It will vary, but I was trying to work it out. We made a few thousand in a few minutes today, but I don't count on repeating those numbers. So if we were online two hours a night, five nights a week we should be able to get a following. Like twitter, but masturbaters. I guess a guy will watch about ten minutes, long enough to get off... that's $30. If a hundred guys visit over two hours, a big if... that's $3000 a night. Less 30%, that's $2100... divided by three is $700 for two hour of time. But we can do whatever."
"I was hoping we could be at least a little artistic with it..?" Stig offered. "I figured we would be doing the best fucking porn anyone has ever seen. That was the plan right?"
"It's a web cam. It has to be live." I informed him.
"Well, we'll make the best fucking webcam porn then" he retorted.
"Yeah. I'm happy with that. The better it is the longer people will watch."
"Are you guys serious." Esme asked. We all looked at her. "I sometimes can't tell. I mean this is starting to feel like a set up. Like you're just improvising and I think it's real."
I went and knelt in front of her, taking her hands and looking deep into her eyes.
"You don't have to do anything you don't want to, love. I'm doing this crazy thing and I don't want to railroad anyone into it... but I could use the help. I honestly sucked Stig's cock today on the internet. No lie. I did that on a controlled website that saves all that shit and redistributes it to other websites they own. My face is out there forever with Stig's cum splashed on it. It's insane. And it makes me wet just saying it."
I stood up and paced around looking at all of them and gesticulating excitedly as I made my points.
"I love you guys. I'm the freest, bravest and happiest here in this home, with you, than I have ever been in my life. I trust and love you both. And I'm broke as fuck and feel desperate. This will save me from feeling that way. I already have more positive energy just knowing that money is on its way. I want to share that freedom with you, my favourite people, who I know need money too. We're young, sexy and broke. Let's enjoy ourselves, fuck like crazy and make a shit ton of cash!"
"Fuck yeah!" Stig exclaimed.
"Oh my god, alright already." Esme exhaled. "Fuck! I'm acting like we're pulling a bank robbery. We're just doing what we want to do anyway. I love fucking you guys. I'm so sorry we all didn't keep going after New Year's. I tried to get it going again..."
"I know. I was too stressed." I said.
"I can't believe this." Stig said. "Are we like some polyamorous porn studio now?"
We all paused.
"I think we are" I answered.
"Cool." Stig smirked.
"Ok, so let's get those contracts filled out."
I signed my best friends up as sex trade workers that evening. I have no doubt we all would have had sex right then and there if the paperwork hadn't taken so long. I got dressed, we all ate food as we filled out things, found ID numbers, scanned void checks, invented names, and all the non-sexy bureaucracy involved in fucking for a living. With me jumping back and forth between them helping figure out the forms I'd already done, we all slowly worked our way through them in about half an hour. Sufficient time to kill the sexy mood we'd gotten into.
We all talked about the money and how we were going to dedicate ourselves to being professional about our time commitment. Two hours a night, five nights a week. It took at least fifteen minutes to figure out a schedule that worked. That left the three of us musing about what our videos would be. It didn't take long before we started getting the urge to film. We had done all the adulting we needed to do, now we could play.
"So..." I purred hoping someone would nibble.
"Mmmhmmm...?" Esme inquired.
"What are you guys doing for the next little while..." I asked coyly.
"I've had a few ideas nightly for the last two months" Stig offered, making me laugh. Esme smiled, but she was in think mode.
"I think we can kill one bird with two stones. May I take photos as you guys do your webcam thing?" Esme asked sidestepping the issue of being on camera for now.
"For your exhibit?" Stig asked.
"Yes. I want to paint from them, but I need these to work off of."
"It makes no difference to me, one camera two... it's all captured" I said, grinning at the idea of being painted.
"Great!" Esme jumped up and ran off to her room. I looked at Stig, suddenly shy.
"Do you need to do anything to get ready?" I asked, trying to push past the awkward.
"Actually I might." He jumped up and ran to his room.
So I ran to mine. I made my bed, took care to arrange all the things on tables and surfaces nearby to be as pretty and artistic as I could. Then I opened my laptop and logged in to my webcam site. As it was booting up, Stig came back, followed a moment later by Esme.
My room felt cramped with two more people than usual, but I was starting to feel nervous anticipation of what we were about to do. Stig had brought a camera and a bin of auxiliary cables from which he began finding a match between his camera and my laptop.
Meanwhile Esme moved around the room adjusting lamps and checking light levels with her camera, two professional artists were working on this project with me now, I looked around my little bedroom and tried to see it with an artist's eye.
I'm a dancer, my body is my artistic palette, but I have been in enough productions to have an appreciative eye for set decoration. As Esme created a lighting design, leaving to return moments later with more and different lamps from around the house, I changed what could be seen around the bed, making it look as nice as possible.
Testing the camera, making sure it worked on my website Stig did technical things I could never dream of in the settings of my computer and or website. Selecting an outfit to start in I changed in the bathroom from my post shower cozies to a pantie bra set an old boyfriend had bought for me and I'd only worn once.
They were filmy, gossamer white, with silk ties that hardly held anything in place, but made removing them very easy. I covered them with a red kimono I'd found at a thrift store and only wore when no-one else was home.
I brushed my hair and put on a little makeup, which I rarely did. When I returned my room looked like a film set. It was noticeably hotter in there, and my roommates were focused and intent.
Stig looked up as I entered and then froze. I blushed at the intensity of his gaze, his face expressionless. Somehow it made me feel a sexy thrill knowing I made him speechless. When Esme noticed him, she glanced at me and smiled.
"You look adorable" she said.
"I was aiming for sexy."
"You got there" Stig interjected, earning smiles from us both.
"Are you guys ready?" I asked, not sure myself. Even though I'd already blown him on camera the stakes had gotten higher. I'd promised a lot to my friends, risking their reputations.
"Yes" Stig said, sounding professional.
"I'm going to run the webcam as you guys... do.. whatever..." Esme smiled embarrassed. "And I'll take photos as I see things I want to paint."
"Sounds good" I replied. Then I moved past them both to get to the bed. "I thought I could start out alone, as usual, but now with all this looking so professional that should draw in some guys. Then when I've done a solo show, Stig you can join me if you want."
"Oh I'll want, don't worry."
We smiled at each other. I was starting to get aroused now that we were so close to starting.
"Great. I say we keep the sound off and that way we can talk to each other and give each other direction" I offered.
"I kind of disagree" Stig said carefully. "The sounds you make are worth having them hear us chat some times. I hate it when there is no sound."
"Oh. I hadn't thought of that."
"I agree with Stig, sound is better."
"This camera has a pretty good mic built in" Stig bragged.
"Alright. Sound it is. I'll turn down the notifications on my laptop." I did it, wondering if I'd miss the chimes of money coming in.
And then it was time.
Putting on some chill EDM music we went live. Standing on the bed I showed off my fancy outfit. Stig held the live camera while Esme took some pics. I mugged to them both, eager to be the perfect porn star. I began a strip tease, dancing on my bed to the music.
Stroking my hands over the silky red material of my kimono, I waited for any surfing men to visit my webcam while playing photo-shoot with Esme. With the chimes off I didn't know if I had any viewers, but when Stig began moving the webcam around getting better angles I presumed there was someone watching.
The laptop wasn't facing me now, Stig was using it as a monitor, so I trusted I looked good and did my dance. I dropped the kimono slowly, revealing the bra and panties coyly. Giving in to the music and rhythm easily, I caressed my body seductively.
Pulling ties, I let my bra fall from me, showing my back first, then exposing my breasts as I danced gleefully, getting hotter by the moment. Titillated by showing my friends my bare breasts I felt my nipples get hard and pulled the hard nubbins, making myself sigh.
Dancing like Salome for the King, I pulled off my revealing underwear completing my strip, but not done my dance. Showing my toned body in every way, playing with my damp sex, I masturbated as I danced, making my clit the focus of the movement.
Giving in to my lust, I dropped to my back and proceeded to work toward a climax. Allowing my closest friends to witness my intimate pleasure I rubbed my clit, delved into my slit, pinching my nipples, seeking release and doing whatever it took to get off.
When my climax arrived, I trembled and shook as my lust exploded delightfully on camera. I glanced at either camera periodically. Being witnessed firsthand, with no one touching themselves or behaving sexually at all was perversely intoxicating. I felt like such a deviant being the only one giving in to hedonism.
My climax was short and intense, leaving me hungry for cock. I hadn't been fucked by a stiff penis in too long. Already understanding, Stig was stripping when I looked for him. Smiling I beckoned to him, eager to have him in me.
Esme took the live camera and she kept it close to Stig's side, pointed at me. Crawling over to him on hands and knees, I offered him my mouth once more. With Esme moving the camera in close, recording my lewd behaviour, I swallowed Stig's erection again.
With a cock that big, I couldn't immediately take him deep. I had to work up to it. Slurping him in a bit at a time, I looked right up into the lens of the camera giving my viewers the impression I was sucking their cocks.
After a whole evening thinking about sex, but not having it, I was happy to finally have a cock to pay attention to. Taking my time, delighted to feel my mouth around his manhood, I lavished him with attention. Slathering his balls with my tongue, I found it harder and harder to pay attention to the camera, I was thoroughly distracted by how much I was enjoying sucking Stig's cock. Bathing him lovingly, I coating every inch of him with my saliva, rubbing my pussy with one hand and stroking him with the other.
Esme moved around the bed, showing what I was doing with my fingers. Exposing my body and the debauchery I was using it for, Esme catalogued my actions. Stig moved his hips to an inner rhythm as I slurped on his knob once more.
Pulling back, I flipped onto my back with my head hanging off the edge of the bed. I touched my clit, my legs wide open as Stig squatted over my face. Esme, filming from behind him, showed him feed his long thick pole into my open, upside-down head.
I felt the blood rushing to my brain as his cock filled my face. The feeling was different, my tongue now touching the top of his cock not the bottom. The ridges and bumps were different and I explored the new spots I could reach with my nimble organ.
Stig reached forward and began to knead my little titties, making me moan around his knob. Passively, I let Stig fuck my mouth, my tongue writhing all over what I could reach, but my hands on my pussy and his hands on my tits were driving me crazy. I felt another orgasm approaching.
"$785.48!"Esme whispered excitedly.
Panting and gasping, my head swimming as it filled with blood and my orgasm robbed me of air, I spat out the accumulating drool gathering in my mouth so I didn't choke. The mess slid up my face and I had to turn my head to avoid it going up my nose.Once my airway was clear, I let my climax go, and my body trembled and shook as I came. My hands worked my clit fast, but then Stig moved one hand from my breast and started driving a pair of big fingers deep into my drenched cleft. The fingers fucking me caused my body to clench as sensation ignited all through my pelvis. I was certain I was peeing myself as I came harder with every plunge of his big fingers. I ceased touching myself, helpless in the throes of my passion.Taking over rubbing my clit, Stig used both hands mercilessly on my poor sex. I gripped both his hands with my thighs, seeking to stop the overwhelming sensation. Crying out, I pulled my head from his cock and wailed as my body exploded with ecstasy. Struggling to find reprieve from his fingers, I squirmed and begged him to stop until my body bucked hard enough to dislodge his groping digits.“Holy fuck! I can’t!” I panted and gasped, my face wet with spit, my thighs wet from whatever had happened down there.“You totally squirted.” Esme grinned and held the camera up to my blushing, messy face.“I did?” I gaped. “I don’t squirt.”“You do now” Stig observed showing me the wet spot on the bed. Esme moved the camera to show the dark, wet spot on my bedspread. I felt humiliated and proud all at once.Stig continued touching me, his big hands stroking my back, side and then my breasts. I trembled with the aftershocks of my climax, but was still eager to get fucked. Taking his erection in hand I stoked him.“I can’t wait to shove this fucker all the way in. But start slow okay?” I pleaded with him, nervous.Stig smiled a reassuring smile. “I’ll be gentle.”Leaning in, I slurped as much of him into my mouth as possible, soaking him with spit for a moment, making him slippery. Then I lay down on the bed, on my back, my legs wide as I held my greedy pussy open for him. Still terribly sensitive, I quivered in anticipation as Stig positioned himself between my thighs, aiming his massive cock at my opening.Esme found an angle that pleased her and filmed Stig’s cock as it parted my pink lips. Watching as eagerly as anyone else, I held my legs with both arms, lifting them out of the way so Esme could film our joining sexes.As his pink knob parted my lips opening my hole, I felt another orgasm threaten. I was so sensitive even the parting my inner muscles could set me off. As Stig’s big knob opened me wide and popped past my opening, I climaxed again.Holding myself still, frozen in the extremity of my pleasure, I huffed and panted as my tiny body accommodated its first cock in months. Normally this might have been uncomfortable, but I was way too aroused not to be able to take him. Once he got past my tight outer ring of muscle, Stig slid all the way in, hitting my cervix with his tip and making me gasp as an explosion of delight erupted from that amazing new sensation. My eyes were wide open and staring at his huge member spreading my tiny slit wide open.When Stig pulled back out, my body violently shook with need. A whole new orgasm seemed to overlay the one still exploding in my small frame. I wailed animal noises as my body emptied of that most welcome invader.The Stig plunged back in, most of his cock, but not all, disappearing inside my body. Watching it avidly, my mind swam from the euphoria I felt being completely filled up, I was both the centre of- and observer of- what was happening to me.Settling into a rhythm, Stig fucked me, shoving his huge cock deep inside, opening me more and more. With a couple inches of his long dick still outside my body, I lay back and accepted the fucking I had been waiting for.Giving over to my bliss, sprawled on the bed under him, I had a series of tiny orgasms, one every few moments as Stig drove in and out of me repeatedly. Settling into a slow, steady rhythm, Stig fucked me sensuously.Using his strong core, he held his bulk over me and only shoved as much of his cock into me as I could take. Easing in and out, in no hurry, Stig ground down into me at the bottom of each thrust, and then retreated, dragging his cock along my vagina, deliciously.My orgasms subsided, but I was still panting and vibrating, my body powerfully stimulated by this sexy love making. Releasing my legs, I wrapped them around Stig’s waist, urging him deeper. Lifting myself up, my arms around his neck, I pulled myself off the bed to kiss him.Dangling from his massive body, his arms much longer than my own, I kissed Stig deeply. I felt enormous gratitude for him. Pushing way beyond his normal comfort zone, Stig gave me his body, his talent, and his privacy. Sure he was earning money too, but this was my insane plan and he was making it possible.Kissing him, while his erection plunged in and out of my tingling pussy proved too much. I dropped back down to the bed, my legs still around his hips. I was overstimulated, my body restless and electrified. I writhed on the bed, grinding my hips up to meet Stig. I wanted more of him inside me.Huffing and puffing I humped up at his dick as he drove down into me. We were getting pretty athletic and it felt wonderful to be sweating and straining together. I couldn’t get enough of him. I kissed his flesh where I could reach it, always looking for some new muscle to lick and kiss. My hands groped his body, or braced against his thrusts.This was more intense and animalistic than last time. We weren’t high and there was pure lust in our eyes. Straining toward orgasm, we held it off as long as possible to keep our audience paying. Sensing he was drifting into the point of no return, I disengaged from Stig, surprising him. Squirming under him, I wriggled up the bed, inelegantly, and Stig sat back on his haunches.“Lick my pussy. Please!”I opted to take one for the team and have my own orgasm, while his subsided. When his mouth found my clit, I nearly jumped out of my skin trying to escape. Wrapping his strong arms around my thighs, he held my hips and rode my thrashing pussy as I juddered helplessly under his excellent tongue.The intensity of the sensations he was giving my clit were so strong there was no way I would cum. It was too painful, but the pain was utter delight. Tormented by his mouth, I undulated on the bed, clawing at the sheets. Whimpering like a wounded animal, I thrashed my body, anguished from pleasure.Then Stig gave me reprieve and began to suck on my pussy lips, once in a while plunging his tongue deliciously into my slit. Shuddering, I tried to calm my overwrought nerves. My whole body was tingling and I thought I might faint, but I didn’t want anything to stop.Opening my eyes I gazed right onto the lens of the camera, Esme capturing my agonizing rapture. Pleading with my remote viewers, I beseeched them for I don’t know what. Suffering ecstasy, I mewled and panted into the camera, delighted to be seen in my extremity.Still looking into the camera as if it were my lover not Stig, I rolled onto my side and lifted my top leg in the splits. Resting my leg along my torso, I hugged my calf, licking my shin as my smooth pussy gaped for Stig to return.No point wasting my years of stretching. I could hold the splits for ages and this was only one side of a split. As Stig fitted himself back inside me, I curled my lower leg in, tucking it out of the way so he could kneel beside me. Sighing as he stuffed himself back in, my body grew warm and languid, happy to be full of him once more.Resuming his slower rate from earlier, Stig moved that massive cock in and out of me. I loved the sliding ooze of movement deep inside me, it was utterly gratifying. Still hugging my top leg, giving him absolute access to my pussy, I took even more of his length now, almost stretched enough to take him all.Deep inside, I could feel his knob pressing into my cervix whenever he drove in deep, and it made me flinch with the intensity of the sensation. After a few dozen of those proddings I had to switch positions, it had become too painful to be truly pleasurable. Lifting a hand, I pressed his chest and he stopped.“Fuck me from behind” I begged him.Stig withdrew making me shiver as he left me once more. Scrambling onto all fours, I thrust my ass up at him, excited by the new position.“$3650.00.” Esme sounded like she was in awe.Doggie-style feels lewd and animalistic to me, which it is since it’s literally how animals have sex. The disconnect from the other person, the lack of eye contact does weird things to my head. My mind wanders and I fantasizes about sexy scenarios. I’d usually to try and stay present with my partners, but doggie-style gives my imagination free rein.In this case however, I was able to look at Esme, to imagine the people masturbating to my body and that was very enticing. As Stig fitted himself back into my snug grip, I let those unseen men see how good it felt with my expressions. It felt absolutely gratifying to have his prick crammed deep inside and I growled my delight wantonly. I began to grind my pussy over him, rubbing every nook and cranny inside with his erection. Grunting my lust into the lens of the camera, I fucked myself with his manhood, moving back and forth over his length.Shamelessly, I squealed and whimpered as I attempted to ease the last bit of his cock inside my pussy. I simply wasn’t tall enough. No matter how much I wanted to, I couldn’t get the satisfying thud of his belly hitting my ass when he was nestled all the way in me.“$3985.80!” Esme hissed.As I strained to take all of him, Stig began to grope my body. His big hands cupped my breast for a time, squeezing them possessively. Kneading my tender mounds roughly, driving me wild with the tantalizing strength of his hands, Stig succeeded in making me feel irresistible. As I struggled to take more of him, humping against him frantically, he ran his massive palms over my flesh, exploring my body, pinching, groping and squeezing at will. Tugging my nipples with one hand he got me to mewl desperately. Pulling my hair made me hiss with satisfaction. Prying apart my ass cheeks made me shudder with deviant lust.“$4307.00.” The running tally every few minutes got me even more aroused.When his big fingers encountered my clit, I jumped, my little button still supercharged. As I tried to maintain a regular rhythm, Stig diddled my button and made my task much more difficult. My body clenched as the beginnings of an orgasm slithered to life.Trying to focus on getting more of him inside, his fingers distracted me. As bliss began to radiate out from where his cock and fingers so beautifully pleasured me, I lost my concentration. When the inevitable moment came that his fingers pressed on my clit at the same time his knob hit my cervix, I couldn’t fuck him anymore. My body lost motor function as delight seared along my nerves.I went still, trembling with my oncoming climax. Stig’s big hands took hold of my hips once more and he began to fuck me in earnest. Held still by straining muscles, I braced against his impacts as Stig drove himself into me aggressively. It didn’t hurt much, but once more my pussy was battered by his knob.Hardly able to breath, I withstood his assault on my tiny body. An orgasm hovered at the ready, building but not releasing as Stig sought his own orgasm. No longer driving all the way into me, Stig took much shallower strokes, our bodies slippery with sweat as we strained toward ecstasy.My climax began first, lights danced behind my eyes as his beautiful erection danced across my receptive nerves. My hand reached back and rubbed my clit, deepening the pleasure, adding sensations to the wash of rapture.“Yes! Yes! Yeeeeessss!” I screamed. “Oh baby give it to me. Cum for me!” I beseeched him. “Cum on my face you fucking stud!” I was shouting random filth, not knowing what I said, but needing to give voice to the powerful elation streaming through my body.Even as my climax gripped me in its powerful talons, tearing sanity from me, Stig withdrew, hurting my bruised vagina. Pushing my helpless body to the bed, tossing me like a doll, Stig positioned me where he wanted me. I lay on my back trying to gather my wits, shocked to no longer be fucking.Stig lifted my head, by a fistful of my hair as he straddled my torso. With his cock in hand, pumping his length, Stig aimed his throbbing knob at my slack-jawed visage. Hardly able to help him, my body quaking with ongoing orgasmic spasms, I opened my mouth, all I could do.Hot, wet splashes of sperm cascaded down over my face. I closed my eyes against potential pain, and as I rubbed my clit reflexively, I relished the sizzling droplets painting me. With my tongue extended to catch the salty treat, I gloried in my vulgarity, extending my climax as long as I could.I’m supposed to feel a guy cumming on my face a degrading, I hear, but I don’t. I find it fucking hot. I watched too much porn growing up, I suppose, but it feels nice on my skin. I know it looks hot, having seen it so often and I know guys like it.That said, I prefer it when a guy cums inside me. But on camera the face looks so much better. Esme was hovering right beside us, recording everything, making me cum even more. Having our hedonistic conduct recorded by my best friend was mind-bendingly erotic.Wracked with euphoria, my body clenched with each powerful wave of pleasure. Spasm after spasm, my body seized tightly as my orgasms detonated. As Stig deposited the second load of the day on my face, I trembled in ecstasy.Needing there to be more, when he finished spilling himself, I reached up and took hold of his glorious cock. Utterly grateful for the fucking he had just given me, I kissed and licked his cock, nuzzling it appreciatively. I smeared his sticky spunk all over my face as I eagerly thanked him.Wanting his cum everywhere, yearning to touch every inch of his cock with every part of my mouth, I made a mess humbling myself before him. Bathing his balls, kissing his thighs and belly. Licking long strokes up and down, I cleaned his manhood, deeply happy to have been so well fucked.When Stig’s cock was as clean as I could get it, I used my fingers to scoop any cum I could into my mouth, licking my fingers greedily as the camera watched. Glancing into the lens, I felt embarrassed by my state, but knew it would look great.“$6394.80” Esme said in hushed tones.Finally back on earth, my orgasm abating, my depravity over, I smiled shyly at the camera, not sure what to do. Then moving like she were in a trance Esme handed the camera back to Stig and came to me. My gorgeous best friend began to lick Stig’s sperm from my face. I shuddering with renewed passion as her soft wet tongue bathed me, greedily slurping up every drop of jism she could and then kissing me with a tongue full of cum. It was powerfully slutty and I absolutely loved it.When she had cleaned all the cum from my face and we had kissed until the flavour was gone we both look at each other and, typically, laughed at our outrageous behaviour. Stig turned off the camera as Esme and I laughed and held each other.“Holy fuck!” Esme exclaimed. “That was hot as fuck! Goddam!” She started pacing in the small space on that side of the bed. “I gotta go rub one out. I can’t believe what just happened.”“If you want to, we should film it…” Stig offered quietly. I would have said the same thing, but I was dizzy and out of breath still.Esme looked dubious, still shy, but Stig continued.“That was a work out. I was only in there about thirty minutes and I am tired. If we are going to keep up the pace we talked about, two hours a night… we are going to need content. I don’t think any of us should masturbate any more. If any of us gets the tingle to get off we should film it.”We all looked at each other, Esme blushing under our eyes.“I think he might be right.” I said. “I’m spent. I guess we’ll get in great shape from all the exercise… but my poor pussy is sore.” I admitted. “If we can keep viewers by just rubbing one out… that’s a good thing.”
Esme nodded. “I know… I just… I’ve never done it. I’ve never masturbated.”“You’ve never masturbated even once?” Stig asked, his voice gentle, curious not accusatory.“No. I was both a late bloomer and an early starter. I wasn’t interested in sex until I got a boyfriend in high school and we stared fooling around pretty quick. We learned to get each other off and I never bothered doing it myself. I have always sort of just slept with someone when I wanted to get off.” Esme shrugged.As tired as I was, having had countless orgasm, sweat and cum still drying on my skin, I offered“Let me teach you. On camera.”Smiling her relief, Esme nodded, her expression indicating she had hoped I would offer.“Let me wipe my face while you get the website up.”I called out my password as I skipped down the hall to the bathroom. As I washed my face I thought about the money, the viewers and how sexy my friends were. This was a pretty awesome job.When I returned from my quick wash in the sink, feeling ready to let Esme touch me, I saw the laptop open, and Esme on the bed in her bra and panties. Stig was already recording her as she lay on my bed. Thinking it would be better to introduce me later, I waited near the door, watching.Esme looked at Stig’s face, not the camera lens. Not looking shy-she isn’t- but not her usual confident self, Esme stroked her fingers along her flesh, teasing herself and the audience. Smiling to myself, I watched her discover the pleasure of being seen in such a vulnerable way.Esme, caressed her arms, with opposite hands, and allowed one hand to slid up her neck, then over her chest, while the other trailed over her belly. Exploring touching herself for the delight of others, Esme watched Stig closely for signs of approval, but he was focused on making beautiful images, not on what she was feeling. I stepped forward.“You doing okay?” I asked her.“I’m not sure… is this… right?”Looking at me, she sort of sagged, giving up trying to seduce the camera.“Don’t think of it as right or wrong. Right now its about your pleasure. Take off your bra.”Glancing at the camera, Esme hesitated a moment, then undid her bra and tossed it aside, baring her full, firm breast to the eyes of her viewers. Of their own volition her arms covered her breasts and I saw her will her arms down and away, but soon, as she turned her gaze to me seeking advice, her arms floated back up to hover near her bared breasts.“Relax, even close your eyes for a moment and focus on sensation. Touch your breasts, but think about your hand being someone else’s. Concentrate more on being touched, not touching.”As Esme’s fingers caressed the soft skin of both breasts, I watched the tension in her face soften. Esme has pale, porcelain skin so white the blue of her veins was visible underneath. She is taller than me, but that is saying nothing. I think she is about 5’5”, about 115 pounds. Soft and curvy, she is also fit, our diet and yoga giving her body tone. To me she looks like a perfect hippy angel.Esme’s coral pink nipples were hard, and as her fingers teased and pinched the little buttons I saw her hips begin to wiggle. Staring, fascinated, I witnessed my best friend learn how to masturbate. Naturally it went quickly for a woman who was sexually active already; she simply hadn’t done this herself yet.Caressing her breasts, she moved from light, flirty touches through gently strokes to squeezing, massaging and kneading them. My own breasts grew warm and yearned to be touched like that. Idly I began petting my own breasts. I was aware I was doing it, but my focus was on Esme.Gracefully she rippled, undulating her body as she squirmed under her own touch. One hand slipped down her belly to cup her sex. Rubbing up and down, Esme touched herself sensually for what she said was the first time.If it were the first time she was nailing it. Both hands massaged her body and from the way she was writhing and starting to breathe heavily, Esme was getting horny. Next, she lowered a second hand to her crotch, the fingers of that hand disappearing beneath her silky panties. Esme’s mouth fell open and she moaned a tiny sound as she touched herself.Abruptly she sat up and pulled off her panties, ignoring the seduction of her viewers, she was all business. With her panties cast aside, now wearing nothing but socks, Esme lay back, legs spread and she began to explore pleasure with her own two hands.It seemed as though she was starting carefully, trying out pressures and stroke styles, but naturally someone who knew what felt good to her, she quickly settled into a steady, back and forth over her clit, while the fingers of her other hand fucked her pussy.I watched closely, learning what she liked. Soon I would be joining her on my bed and tasting a woman’s sex for the first time. My body thrilled thinking about it. I’d fooled around with women a few times, but I’d always been the bottom, so to speak.Tonight I wanted to take control, to please my friend who was being so brave for me. My mouth began to salivate watching her fingers dancing around her pussy, it looked deliciously, pink and pretty. I wanted to join Esme on the bed, but I wanted her to have this experience first.Rubbing my own pussy as I watched her, I jacked off as my best friend brought herself to her first self-induced orgasm. It was incredibly sexy seeing her body squirm in lust as, bit by bit, she edged closer to a climax. Stig captured all of it, moving constantly, showing the viewers her body from every angle.I looked at the screen on the laptop and saw she had 23 viewers, and $195.64.Esme looked amazing on the screen, Stig’s camerawork adoring her body. Distracted I gazed at her on screen for a while. Stig showed her fingers working the glistening folds of her sex, then slowly panned up her flat tummy as she flexed and strained toward climax. Passing over her gorgeous breasts as they heaved from her breathing, he landed on her face in tight close-up, her beautiful features twisted in tormented delight.As the numbers changed in the corner of the screen to $262.80 it piqued my curiosity as to how well we had done on the last session. I opened the history and looked for it. Stunned I saw $6394.80. Later on, once I had figured out the website better I was able to go back and look at a few of the metrics the site measured. That session had peaked at 123 viewers for at least part of it. We each cleared $1492.12 after the site fee.At that moment however, I just knew it was a lot, and I was thrilled. Tearing my eyes away from the numbers and Esme’s gorgeous face, I looked at all of her fabulousness right in front of me, in the delectable flesh.“I did it!” She said gleefully. If she remembered she could be heard by the audience or not I have no idea. “I made myself cum!”“My turn!” I called and dove onto the bed shoving my face between her legs.Twice she had gone down on me and I’d had dozens of men do it so I thought I’d have a good idea what to do. Being face to face with her pretty vulva I fell in love with all the intricate soft pinkness. Using my fingers to pull her lips apart I kissed her clit and began to lick and suckle her tiny inner labia.The soft petals of thin flesh felt delicious as they slipped between my lips and over my tongue. The musky flavour was metallic and clean like an exotic fruit and the warm wetness felt sensational. As Esme wriggled her hips beneath me, I smiled over her belly up into her wide staring eyes.For several minutes I passed my tongue over her whole vulva, under her clitoral hood, and into her vagina. I explored everything I’d felt done to me a hundred times and my mouth enjoyed doing it just as much as my pussy loved receiving it. My sweet friend bucked her hips at me and I held on for dear life, desperate to keep my mouth clamped to her sex as she sought escape or more stimulation in alternating urges. I think I gave Esme three or four orgasms before my tongue grew too sore to carry on.Esme pulled me to her face and she began to kiss my mouth hungrily, urgently needing to show me how much she appreciated what I had done. After a few feverish moments of making out we settled on the pillows and smiled sleepily at the camera, saying goodnight.Once again, Stig shut things down and then joined us on my bed. I had a queen sized bed and it was a tight squeeze, but none of us wanted to be away from the others just then. The website registered over two thousand dollars and we laughed at how rich we had all gotten in one glorious, sexy evening together.And that’s how I seduced my friends into being porn stars with me. That was a few years ago and we all still love performing together. I don’t know how long we’ll do this, but at some point I’ll make another life changing decision and, if its as sexy, I’ll come back and tell you all about it.