My first go at writing, go easy on me.
***
My wife of 5 years, Rebecca and I have lived in our apartment for around 6 months. It's a new complex in the centre of London. On one side it over looks the river Thames while on the other side the 2 bedrooms over look a small courtyard and the opposite apartments. In every room we have floor to ceiling windows but with privacy glass meaning you can't see in if the light outside is brighter than inside. We learned this from looking out of the bedroom window on one of our first nights in the place and seeing straight into the opposite flat with the lights on.
We had spotted Stacy, the neighbour in the flat opposite a few times in various states of undress but always with some sort of clothes or rarely just underwear on. She looks younger than us, in her mid 20's, we are in our early 40's. Stacy lives in the apartment alone and seems to work long hours. Most of the time the apartment is empty, so when the lights are on it's more noticeable.
Stacy reminds me of a young Rebecca. Becky, who in my opinion has got better with age has shoulder length blonde hair, 5'8". Full round 38d breasts with nipples that stick out at the slightest breeze and legs up to her mind blowing arse. Stacy on the other hand has long brown hair, small breasts maybe a b cup, a slim frame but a lovely little round bum. She's around 5'6". Myself, I'm an ex rugby player that has drunk a few to many after game pints. I'm 5'11", a larger man in the wrong places. An average sized man in the other places.
Becky and I have a great sex life and have enjoyed experimenting with various toys and roll play. We do, or have tried most things in the bedroom. Some we like, some one of us likes more than the other. I had tried to introduce porn into our lives recently which I watch, but Becky just isn't into them, calling them fake or story lacking, so we seldom watch them together.
It was Saturday evening and I had been working all morning. Then I'd been dragged shopping in the afternoon with Becky trying on every outfit from every shop we ventured into, or so it seemed. So being tired, I had decided to grab an early night. I got changed into a pair of shorts and fell into bed around 9:30. I didn't even think of shutting the blinds knowing no one could see in with the lights off. I must of dropped off to sleep quickly because I didn't wake up when Becky came to bed.
I was however woken up by her soft hand slowly bringing my erection to life. Becky was lying next to me, eyes wide open staring out of the window. One hand rubbing my cock through the material of my shorts and the other hand inside her knickers jilling her clit.
"What's got into you?" I mumbled, still trying to focus on her in the low light coming from the en suite.
"Look at Stacy's apartment, she's been like that since she came into her bedroom 15 minutes ago."
I looked over into Stacy's apartment. She was standing against her bedroom door with her short black dress lifted up at the front with a stocky bloke eating her pussy out. She was obviously enjoying it as her head was thrown back and her spare hand was holding his head buried deep in her cunt.
"Lick my pussy too" Becky said. I wasn't going to argue with that request, I love giving her oral. I started to move between her legs, "wait, I won't be able to see if you go there. Lie down and I'll go above you."
With that I laid in the centre of the bed and Becky stripped off her underwear and straddled me in a 69 style position. I put my tongue on her clit sending a shiver up her spine. Becky was wet. Her pussy was as wet as I had ever known it. I could feel her getting my erect dick out of my shorts, she started giving me a slow hand job.
"She's going down on him" I heard Becky say excitedly. With that Becky put her lips round the head of my cock and took me into her mouth. I was still licking gently over her clit, up over her pussy lips and into her cunt. I repeated this again and again with the occasional flick of my tongue up to the bud of her arse which I know drives her wild. Becky was expertly running her lips up and down the side of my cock, flicking her tongue over the head. She went back to wanking my shaft not taking her eyes off of Stacy's bedroom.
"Fuck me from behind" Becky said. Again I didn't need telling twice, I shot up and got behind her in a doggy position. I could now see into Stacy's bedroom too, it felt so wrong to be watching but it was so sexy.
The stocky man had undressed, Stacy was kneeling in front of him, going at his huge dick with her mouth, taking it deep in to her throat. He was in his late 20's, muscular build, around 6' with dark hair. I couldn't believe I was watching our neighbour sucking a cock, along side my wife getting ready to fuck her.
I rubbed my cock over Becky's pussy pressing the head into the entrance. As I pushed in to her, stocky said something to Stacy, she stood up and lifted her dress over her head, it became apparent she had, had no underwear on. We got a full frontal view of Stacy as she walked round the bed. Her tits though small were perfectly round with the smallest pink nipples. Her pussy was completely bald unlike Becky's which is topped with a trimmed square tuff of blonde hair.
I worried Stacy was about to close the blinds but she stopped at the control and just stood for a second before she walked over to her bedside table to retrieve a condom. She passed it to her lover and took up the same position Becky was in but at the edge of her bed. Her lover now with a covered cock approached her from behind and took her roughly.
Becky moaned as she watched Stacy getting fucked hard. I grabbed Becky's short hair tugging it towards me as I thrust into her. With my other hand I wrapped it round her throat gently choking her. She was now begging to be fucked hard, almost screaming on every thrust.
Becky screamed out "Fuck my pussy Matt, fuck me hard like Stacy's being fucked." She had moved her hand down to her clit and was rubbing it hard.
Watching Stacy and her lover, he was power driving into her and I was not keeping up. I was now taking long strokes into Becky when I noticed them changing position. Stocky man went to a lying position and Stacy put her leg over him lowering her pussy down on to his large member. She was now facing us and we could see her facial expressions as she dropped down on it. Her face was complete bliss, she seemed in ecstasy as she rode it.
Becky's pussy was dripping with her juices. Every now and again I would slip my cock out and along her lips over her clit that she was still rubbing, this drove her mad. Or up over her arsehole fucking up between her arse cheeks and back deep into her pussy. I put my finger down to her bud and pressed slowly on her rim using the pussy juice as a lube, Becky moaned in appreciation as it popped into her arse. Slowly I fucked her in turn with my cock in her pussy and a finger into her arse. "I want to have you in my arse Matt" Becky said. "Are you sure Becks?" She snapped back sounding possessed "fuck my arsehole Matt, I need your dick in my arse." I slipped out of her pussy and thumbed my cock slowly into her puckered arsehole. As my cock went in I gave Becky a second to adjust to it in there. I gently started a rhythm into her arse and could feel her fingers fucking her pussy. Every thrust into her tight arsehole, Becky slammed herself back on to my cock! Groaning every time she reached the base.
Becky had stopped watching the show now and was concentrating on her own pleasure. I would have a look up every now and again to see Stacy's pussy engulfing stocky mans cock at a fast pace as she bounced on his lap.
I was getting close to cumming and told Becky that. "I want it when Stacy gets it".
Thankfully I didn't have to wait long before Stacy jumped off and kneeled on the floor, I watched as she sunk her fingers into her pussy where her lovers dick had been moments before, Stocky man stood up and ripped off the condom, wanking his cock towards Stacy's chest, he shot his load over her pert little tits, Stacy looked as if she was cumming, her head again thrown back in pure lust.
I couldn't hold it any longer, I pulled my cock out and shot my cum over Becky's arse. She screamed out as her orgasm hit her causing her to collapse down onto the bed. I laid down next to her stroking her back, still in shock at what just happened. Becky looked up at Stacy's apartment saying "I'd watch that porno again" giggling to herself. I looked up to see Stacy stand up walk over to the blind controls, she waved and smiled at us as they closed shut...