Last time on "An Ex Marks Her Spot" Pip(a small, shy, freckled redhead) was coerced into letting Emma(a hot, buxom, tan, older blond) have her way with both her, and her boyfriend Mark (a squareish, hard working gentleman). How scandalous!
Because Mark seemed to love it(as did she), Pip has allowed this strange relationship to continue. But what will happen when Emma decides to really put her to the test? This time on "An Ex Marks Her Spot", you can expect romance, danger, anal sex, reluctance and coercion, tears, showgirl costumes, exhibitionism, humiliation, shopping, pretty dresses, and more!
*****
"Thanks for this." Pip murmured. "I don't really get out much."
"No problem." Emma smiled back. "I think we should get to know each other better. Besides, I know the manager here, so we can get a discount."
Pip had been nervous before, but was beginning to open up more. The mall was relatively crowded so she wasn't expecting Emma to do anything too bad to her. She had all sorts of dreams after that night. She hoped none of them would come true.
"How about this?" She asked, pulling a dress off from the rack. It looked a bit expensive.
"I don't know..."
"Speak up."
"I..."
Emma turned to her, "Lift your arms, lets try it." Pip looked around, embarrassed, but did so. Emma slipped it on over her t-shirt and shorts. "Looks cute." She moved out of the way of a mirror by a nearby wall. Pip liked it, even if it did make her look like a banana. "Lift your arms again." She did so, the fabric coming off made her paranoid for a moment, but she only a bit of her shirt came up and she quickly pulled it down. "Oh, how about..." She turned and showed a tight, form-fitting blouse. Pip was embarrassed just looking at it. "It may be a bit small, but lets try it."
"Um, Okay..."
"Shit." Emma cursed. Pip looked to where her eyes pointed. "Never seen lines that long for the changing rooms."
"Oh, okay..." Pip was slightly relieved.
"Hey," Emma gave her a naughty glare. "How about changing here?"
"What?" Pip failed to understand.
"Just take of your shirt and put this on. Right here. I'll stand watch. My friends and I do it all the time. And I'm not going to waste all day in line."
"N-No!" Pip shook her head. "I don't think I'm comfortable with that..."
Emma raised an eyebrow and smirked. She looked around and quickly lifted her own shirt and bra. Pip was shocked as Emmas perfect breasts poured out into the open air. She looked around quickly to see if anyone noticed. Emma quickly took out her phone and snapped a picture before putting her clothes back on. No one seemed to notice.
"What are you doing! Someone could have..."
"And, send." She pressed a button on her phone. "Told your boyfriend we are having fun over here."
Pip froze. She just sent that to Mark? Pip felt that knot reforming in her stomach again. Did she do that a lot? Did Mark get pictures from her like that all the time? It seemed so casual...
"Now come on!" Emma urged her. "Off with the shirt. Lets get this over with. I'll snap some pictures for Mark too if you like."
"No thank you!" Pip assured her. She scanned the horizon carefully and hid behind a rack of clothes as best she could before putting her fingers around the seams of her shirt. She pulled it off quickly, revealing her pink bra on her pale, freckled skin and quickly gave it to Emma. She was then given the blouse and carefully put it on.
Her heart was racing. Did anyone see her like that? It didn't look like it. The closest shoppers were turned away from them. That was... exiting, and nothing bad had happened.
"Good...Good!" Emma looked over Pip. "Really sexy!" Pip didn't know how to accept that.
"Really?"
"Yes! Oh! Hold on..." Emma produced another piece of clothing. "Here, try this with it."
"A skirt?" Pip asked. "Can, can I put this over..."
"Nope. Come on, off with the pants." Emma demanded. Pip could only imagine how red her face was.
"But everyone will see my panties!" Pip whispered.
"Not if you're quick about it. What? This turning you on?"
"N-No!" she lied.
"Then come on! I don't have all day." Emma lent a sense of urgency that silenced Pips rational mind. She looked around again and waited until a family passed by before pulling down her shorts. She stepped out of them and handed them to Emma, but Emma paused before giving her the skirt. "Pft, what are those?"
Pip covered herself, "P-Panties..."
"No, those things on your panties... Ponies? On your underwear? What are you five?"
"Just give me the skirt!" Pip realized with horror that a man had turned his head her way.
"Ha, okay..." She seized it and stumbled into the skirt as fast as she could. "Jesus, lighten up." The man turned to her several more times before being pulled away by some other woman. Pip tried to calm down. "Look at yourself in the mirror, let me get some other stuff..."
She left Pip alone and in distress. She obeyed Emma and realized that she hardly recognized herself. The clothing really did wonders. She could see how red her face had become though... damn her pale skin. She swished the skirt and gulped. It was very short she'd be happy to have her shorts back. This was become less exciting and more scary by the second.
"Nice?" Emma asked. Pip nodded with hesitation. "Told you so, now lets try this!" She showed a tight, short dress.
Pip was horrified by the implications. "I have to change here again..."
"It's worth it. Now strip!" Emma egged her on. Pip took several deep breaths and looks around the building first. Only when she thought she had a good ten seconds did she begin. She took of the skirt, then the blouse. She was so scared that it stuck on her elbow for a moment and she panicked, getting stuck for a few, too long seconds. Finally she removed the blouse safely and with adrenaline in her veins grabbed the dress. "Here, I'll get something else..." She left as Pip found herself half naked and alone in a frenzy. She put the threw it on head first but found it to be far too small around her chest she struggled for several second before realizing the horrible truth, then she took it off and looked around for Emma. She was still gone.
No. No, this was terrible. She covered herself and looked around for her clothes, but Emma had taken everything with her. She saw, across the large room, eyes that had found her. There was a group of young men, one was pointing. She tried covering herself with the dress as she began to feel nauseous and lightheaded. A pit formed in her stomach. If they said anything...
"You little slut, you like being in your underwear don't you?" Pip saw Emma coming back. At her words a nearby couple turned their heads. Pip was mortified.
"It didn't fit!" she tried to make herself as small as possible while hissing.
"Huh, I must have misjudged your bust size. Anyway, are you ready to try out something else?"
"Where are my clothes?" Pip realized Emma didn't have them.
"Hmm? I put them in a cart by the exit. I didn't want to go back and forth. Anyways, here... Oh, wait, this dress is the same size. It probably wont fit." Pip was on the verge of tears. The couple whispered to each other and the gang of boys were peeking through the racks of clothes.
"P-please, could you..." She noticed someone walking towards them and hid herself as best she could.
"What are you doing here?" The woman looked like she worked there. The other party of boys skedaddled guiltily "You aren't allowed to... oh, hey Emma." The woman seemed to know her.
"Hey Madison." Emma smiled at her. "Yea, this is Marks new girlfriend Polly. The one I was telling you about before."
Pip felt like she was about to die. Madison looked down at part of her revealed panties and chuckled, "Oh. Well, in that case we actually have a sale if you are interested."
"Sure thing!" Emma elbowed Pip "What did I tell you?"
"I want to go home. Could you get my clothes..."
"The day is still young!" Emma argued as Madison left to retrieve the new clothes.
"This is embarrassing, I really don't like this. You said you'd look out for me but then you left..."
"I am." Emma looked at all of her. Pip shivered. "Also, you are going to wrinkle that this." She took the dress before Pip realized that it was the only thing she had except her underwear. Her hands tried to cover her chest and groin, but it was obvious how naked she was. Another pair of eyes found her, a mother with her child, and Pip felt her heart beat even faster. She was sweating. The mother pulled her child away and looked at her with judgment. Pip looked away in shame.
"Here" she heard Madison. Pip was desperate to put something on until she discovered the small parcel that Madison had retrieved. It was black, lacy underwear. She looked to Emma for help but only saw delight and sadistic glee. "Come on, let's try this."
Pip snapped. This had gone too far. "No! I'm not taking off my underwear out here!" She shouted and covered her mouth. That was loud. Everyone had heard that. Eyes all over stopped to look. "I, I mean..."
"Wow, you really wanted to make a scene didn't you?" Emma commented. Some shoppers continued on their day, but several began making their way over to see what the commotion is about.
Pip felt her bra suddenly loosen and realized Madison had unclasped it. "No!" She tried to whisper forcefully, holding onto her bra with all her might. Then she felt her panties ripped down as Emma knelt. Pip screeched, bringing more attention to herself and covered her groin. Madison exploited this and went for her bra, pulling it down her arms. Pip felt her eyes water. She didn't understand what was going on, but now she was buck naked in front of half a dozen people.
"Hey, why is she naked?" She heard a voice.
"Is this a publicity stunt?" asked another.
"She should be ashamed, this is a public place. I bet she is getting a rise out of this."
She stepped back and found her underwear completely gone. Emma smiled, brandishing her panties, and Madison with her bra. She desperately tried to cover herself but found people at all angles around her. This must be a nightmare, but why wasn't she waking up?
"Whoops." Madison glared at the black, lacy underwear she had in her hands. "Looks like it's the wrong size. Don't worry, I'll be back with something else." She took Pips bra with her. Pip found the nearest rack to put her back to and waited in a panic, trying not to cry.
"E-Emma..." She saw Emma take out her phone and aim. "N-No!" She squirmed. "Please, could you give me my panties back?" She begged, Emma still holding on to them. "Don't don't take any pictures..." Her chest heaved, she couldn't hold back her emotions.
"Oh, honey, don't cry..." Pip couldn't take it anymore her vision was getting blurry. "...Look, I'll let you put on some clothes on one condition." Emma spoke like a mother to a child. "Pose for me. One picture and that's it."
"No!" Pip shook her head "No! No! No! Please..." She looked around at the confused faces all around her.
"One picture I swear!" Emma asked. "Madison is coming back with something in your size. You can put that on and we will go home okay?" Pip sobbed. "Okay?"
"Oh-Okay..." Her voice cracked.
"Good. Now show me the goods."
Pip looked around. "But everyone is watching!" the most troubling was a butch looking woman making eyes at her, but the worst was a mother attempting to vainly control her family as her husband and son seemed mesmerized.
"Hands on your head and spread your legs." Emma squatted in front of her, her phone pointing up.
"Emma, please..."
"Pip, stop wining." Emma rolled her eyes. Tears came down her face. "Okay, Fine." Emma shrugged. "I don't have time for this. Here I was helping you get a discount, trying to help you impress Mark, but you are just wasting my time. I'll just go then. You can leave once you get your clothes from the front of the store..."
"No!" Pip wined. "No please..."
"You are the one making a scene here." Emma pouted. She advanced on Pip and put her hands on her wrists. "If you are going to act like a child, I'm going to have to give you a spanking like a child. In front of all these people. I think that might improve your attitude. Or then again, maybe that's why you are being so difficult, because you want me to punish you. You really liked it last time didn't you..."
"Please, Emma..." Pip begged. She was wet. She couldn't let anyone see that. "I just want to go home."
"You want more than that..."
"Found something." Emma looked to Madison with disappointment when she came back. "Here." It looked like a one-piece swimsuit as first. Pip gulped and tried her best to slip her legs into it as she heard wolf whistles in the background. She hoped none of them noticed how turned on she was.
It was a Los Vegas "bunny" suit, with some important missing components. She felt one being placed on her head, two bunny ears. The other was the tail... she realized too late that not only was that missing, but there was also a small opening where her rear end was. She covered it up as best she could. Her position stuck her chest out, her nipples almost coming out the front.
"Adorable!" Emma chuckled. "Looks like we have to buy it now..." Pip noticed a damp spot between her legs. She was dripping wet. "Just one thing left, I hope you have been practicing..." Pip saw her holding a white ball of fluff, but the handle was a narrow, black piece of rubber.
She recognized the shape and shook her head. "N-No. No, please, not in front of everyone..." Emma took out some lotion from her purse and lubed up the toy. "Not there. Not... Not my butt."
Emma came to her and pulled on her suit, revealing her nipples. Pip reached up to covered them before realizing the trick to late. Emma reached around to adeptly put the head of the plug through her the opening and pressed it against her flesh. She wriggled and slipped the plug into her faster than Pip could react. She yelped as it filled her, stretched her, and vainly stood on her toes. Her hands went back to her rear, but she quickly found her wrists bound to her back by Emmas strong hands. "How do you like that butt bunny?" she felt a slap on her ass and shivered. She sobbed out a moan of discomfort and arousal. "Butt fuck bunny?" another slap. "If I didn't know any better, I'd say you were getting used to this."
She let go and stood back. Pip covered her wet crotch with one hand and held up the top of the suit with the other. She felt the plug in her pulsing with her own heartbeat. She heard murmurs in the crowd around her. She saw someone pull out a smartphone...
"Can we go please?" She asked, new tears welling up inside her.
"Hmm..." Emma thought about it. "Yea sure lets go checkout..." She looked at her own phone to check the time.
"In this!?" Pip asked in horror.
"Well, you can change again if you want..." Pip shook her head in submission and followed Emma in shame as Madison shooed off the lecherous audience. She drew attention everywhere she went. The plug inside her felt unnatural, just like the situation she was in right now. It was surreal but also so mindkillingly wrong that her confused body continued to turn her on. She imagined kneeling to the floor and rubbing herself to orgasm in front of the crowd around her and felt a new wave of emotions come over her.
"Oh, you are buying... that?" The man at the register paused, looking over the shivering woman. "And these? Okay, that will be..."
Pip gawked at the price. "I, I don't have that much..." She was about to cry again over so simple a thing. Her hormones had complete control now, "I thought there was a discount..."
"This is the price with the discount." Emma explained. "If you don't have it, we will have to return everything. Well, except this thing you soiled. dirty girl..." Emma grabbed her tail and twisted it Pip groaned in pain and pleasure and humiliation. "I'll pay for it." Pip looked to her in surprise. "but you owe me."
"What?" Pip was scared to ask. Emma took that as an agreement and gave her card to the cashier.
"A favor." She shrugged. Then she led Pip out of the store, trailing a few gawking consumers. Everyone was looking at her, Pip hated it, but also, she realized, it was new. She was rarely noticed before, but now she caught everyone's eyes. It was terrible, but at the same time she had never felt so sexy before.
Emma led her outside, but kept walking past where both of them had parked. "Where are we going?" Pip asked. Hundreds of people looked at her as she passed.
"On an adventure." Emma smiled. "Come on bunny." Pip felt her body betray her with that name. Emma saw the surge on her face and grinned, "Butt fuck bunny... has a ring to it." Pip realized that this was going to be a trend and whimpered. They continued until they reached the end of the lot.
"Pip?" She froze. It couldn't be. She turned to the voice and saw Mark, wide eyed, coming out of his car. "I was on my lunch break when I saw Emmas message... wow, uh..."
Pip hid her face awkwardly. Emma spoke for her, "Like it?"
"I... Yea, you look great." Pip put her hands to her sides and swayed, just as happy as she was mortified. "Are you okay? You look like..."
"She was nervous." Emma went to Mark and pressed herself against him. "But she really liked trying on different things for you. You can see how turned on she is right now..." Pip had forgotten about that. She felt her body enter yet another phase of shame, her eyes watering... "She didn't want me to tell you this, but she want's too..." she whispered in Marks ear. Pip had no idea what she was saying.
Mark was wide eyed. "Really? I didn't think..." He gulped. "So that tail really is..." Pip looked away from him, her legs trembling. "Well, I have some time before I have to get back to work..."
What was he saying? What did she tell him? Emma opened the door to the backseat of Marks car and motioned for Pip to come closer. She did so. Emma said, loud enough for Mark to hear, "Do you want to feel Marks cock inside you?"
Pip nodded, looking at Mark with anxiety. "You want him in your ass?" She looked up to Emma with surprise. "You want him to fuck you right here in this parking lot?" Pip was horrified when she found her head nodding. Emma sat down in the car and beckoned Pip to lean over her lap. She did so, her rear end hidden on one side by the open door. "Wiggle your butt for him bunny." Emma pet her head as she did, wave after wave of shame piling up. She felt the plug moving and gasped. It was pulled out carefully and Pip moaned uncontrollably. "Oh yea, lube it up Mark..." Emma slapped her ass and she shuddered again. "She wants this."
Mark seemed nervous, "Pip, I really thought you were more... I don't know..."
"Tame? Boring? Normal?" Emma completed the sentence. "Aren't you glad she isn't?"
"If you really like doing this in public..." She heard Mark unzip his pants and found herself anticipating him. She felt Emma's hand caressed her head and move down her spine as the tip of something touched on her asshole. It pushed in as Pip moaned, tears falling down her face again. She wanted it in her pussy so bad. She wanted to scream at him that this was wrong, it was all wrong. It stretched her out more than the plug did. She felt his slippery, lubed girth and knew how turned on he was from all this too. She had to be strong for him. He slowly thrust in deep and she found herself enjoying it far more than she expected, But she needed something on her clit. She needed it badly.
Emma made sure Pips hands couldn't touch anything and pulled her hair back, bending and arching her back and slipping her nipples of the low top of the suit She met eyes with Emma as she bent down and grabbed and twisted one of her nipples. Pip whimpered again in pain and pleasure as she felt the cock inside her ass twitch. Emma licked Pips lips as she moaned, and her salty cheeks. "Hey, here is something for your hands to do..." She felt something between her fingers and grabbed a hold of it. She could not see it as her head was still tilted up.
Emma forced herself inside her mouth and Pip hummed her discontent. There was one hold she needed filled and all it had was the soft suit to rub against. This extra stimulation drove her into madness. Her mind craved climax. After the long make out session she felt the cock pull back and knew a thrust would follow. She hissed to cover her screams and was finally allowed to look at what was in her hands. She was in shock when she realized it was Emma's phone, presumably set to video record.
The cock rammed into her like a thick iron bar and she moaned at the recorder, the pleasure overwhelming the pain, but not enough to get her closer to satisfaction. She was so close. She was on the edge.
"Tell the viewer what's going on?" Emma ordered, caressing the helpless girl on her lap.
"I..." She gasped at the next thrust, "I... I'm in Marks car right now... With Emma, and Mark..." He began increasing his speed. It was harder to control her composure. "Mark is inside of me... inside of my ass..." Her face went down to the seat when she found it too hard to keep her head up. She felt Emma pull her hair so she could face the camera again, "It feels good. I love you Mark. I love you Emma..." Why did she say that? "Fuck me Mark. Fuck..."
"And introduce yourself." Emma ordered. "What are you?"
"I'm..." her ass was relaxing now. The thrusts became smoother. She could feel Mark enjoying himself now. That made her enjoy herself more too, "I'm his bunny... his butt fuck bunny, and I love it. I love getting fucked in public. I love being naked around people..." She was getting closer, closer and closer she could feel herself tipping over but not quite reaching her peak. "Can I come please? Please, Emma, I want to..."
"Really?" Mark was close, she could tell. Pip wanted to cum before he did. She wanted to cum with him inside her. "I guess you'll have to owe me another favor..."
"Anything." Pip didn't care She imagined everyone outside watching. She imagined the video was streaming to a million people. "Anything, please..." She felt a single finger over her suit find her clit and begin strumming her like a guitar. "Ahh..." She felt Mark pound her ass faster and harder as Emma lightly, mercifully touched her. She had never come so close this quickly after touching herself before.
"Ahh," She bucked against Emmas fingers, her face smiling and crying into the phone recording. A second before she came Emma stopped, the waves of pleasure reverberated inside her. "No, Don't... Don't stop, I'll..." With surprise she realized she didn't need it. That was enough to push her over, she felt herself creeping over the precipice like an unbalanced boulder at the edge of a ravine. She came hard. In anguish she had one of the most intense orgasms she'd ever experienced, there was pain and shame and humiliation, but also so much pleasure that it was all worth it. She moaned into seat as Emma slapped her ass again sending her into another mini-frenzy of quakes within her waves of pleasure. Her spine bent back again and her envious pussy rubbed against the slick fabric that bound it with greed and desperation. It was unlike any other pleasure she had felt and she felt simultaneously sickened and full, but hungry for more. The climax continued for longer than normal, each stroke of the cock pushing it forwards, keeping it moving, keeping her cumming.
She felt her ass fill up with Marks cum and relief flowed through her. It magnified her last pulses of passion, almost bringing her over again. Her lungs twitched out a series of light moans as he continued thrusting past her peak. She wished it would never end, and for many moments it felt like it wouldn't. She felt him shrinking inside her and knew that it was over. He removed himself from her and with a last gasp she found herself empty again. She'd been filled up for so long, it now felt strange to have nothing there. She was panting like a dog, her tongue out and on the seat.
"You... you really did enjoy that!" Mark was surprised. Pip was too exhausted to be embarrassed. "I mean, no other girls I've been with... even Emma wasn't into it."
Pip felt Emma scratch her above the ears, "...She sure is a keeper..." Emma said. "...I guess..." was that sadness? From Emma? Pip could not believe it. She was delusional. The sex had addled her mind. She was exhausted. "Welp, can't have you leaking everywhere..." Pip moaned as the plug was reinserted slowly and carefully. "You can clean up once you get home, okay bunny?" Emma pet her down her back.
"Y-Yes. Emma." She agreed.
"And you are going to keep training that butt aren't you?"
She felt another slap and moaned "Yes Emma!"
"Are you going to be a good bunny from now on?" She moved the plug around, she felt the juices trapped inside of her swish around.
"Yes. Good bunny. Your bunny. His bunny." She couldn't form sentences anymore.
"I'll see you on the weekend then." She pushed Pip off of her and she stumbled, her legs unsteady. She had dropped the phone at some point, and Emma was now on it again. "I'll send you the video." She handed Pip the bag of clothes and went to her car. "Tootles!"
She stood there for a moment, still in shock and feeling an irrational bubbling happiness despite her anxiety about the past hour and her bodys aches.
"I have to go now, but see you on the weekend!" She heard Mark and turned to see him advancing to her. He kissed her on the lips. "Anything special you want to do?"
"...Yea." She nodded. "More."
Mark chuckled. "Wow, Emma sure has made you more open."
"...Mark..." She stopped him from leaving so soon, holding his hand, "... What is Emma to you?" She asked. "I mean," She let go. "Never mind. Forget about it..." she didn't want to know.
"No, Hey, Pip..." She felt him embrace her and felt the aches beginning to melt away. "Say the word and she's gone." He told her. "She's nobody."
"She's hot." Pip didn't know what she was saying. She was going to regret this later, she could tell. "Hotter than me. If she turns me on, I know she turns you on too. Every time I see her I wonder why you're with me, and I know you do too..."
"I don't..."
"I just want you to be happy. I love you Mark but I don't want to weigh you down just because you feel guilty." Pip felt the tears coming back. When would she run out of them?
"Pip, look at me." She did, and sniffed. "I'm working so hard every day because one day I want to be able to support you okay?"
"Support me?" Pip sniffed in confusion. "What do you mean..."
"I mean I love you. Is Emma hot? Sure. But she's no one to start a family with."
"A... Family?" Pip asked. "You want that?"
"Well... yea."
Pip imagined being a mother. "That's... I don't think I could. I'll probably just screw it up..."
"But do you want that?" He asked.
Pip smiled, "Yea... yea that's sounds..."
"Do you trust me?" He asked.
"Yes."
"Then believe me when I say you'd be a great mother. You always want to help people, and it makes you feel good to care for them. I don't want to you to hate yourself because you don't like doing anything else. Me? I like working. I can't stand cleaning or getting people drinks or anything, but even though I'm sure you're pushing your comfort zone, I've never seen you happier, and I like that."
She hugged Mark around the chest. "...Do you think it's weird that hearing all that made me really horny."
"I'm sure that plug has something to do with it too."
Pip squeezed him harder. "I love you Mark"
"I love you too Pip."