Fun with my uninhibited wife
I met my wife, Brenda, over five years ago at a retirement bash for a co-worker. My co-worker's wife did the introductions. Brenda was standing next to me in the receiving line. When it was my turn to greet my co-worker, his wife exclaimed, "Larry, have you two met?" She was looking at Brenda and me. I shook my head no and met the very attractive woman standing next to me. Our eyes met and I felt heat radiate throughout my body. "Care to dance?" I was able to stammer out. From that time on, we were together, a whirlwind courtship and then marriage. She has given me the happiest days of my life.
Brenda stands about 5' 5", has auburn hair, hazel eyes, with a great figure she works hard to maintain. Her breasts are perfect for holding and kissing. She was happy that she could wear high heels with me since I towered over her at 6' 3".
I had been divorced for several years and Brenda had been a widow. "He was a good man, but he was pretty set in his ways," she remarked one evening. "We never did much and he refused to travel. I dreamed of traveling the world, dancing under the stars, swimming with the dolphins; you know, living life large."
Brenda was overjoyed when I told her we shared the same goals and dreams. The best part was we had the financial means to make it come true. Early in our marriage, we still worked so our vacations were spent visiting her family or mine. One year we were able to take our first cruise and we were hooked. Cruising began initially as an annual event.Then when we retired, we were doing several each year.
Brenda quickly adapted to her "new" life with me. We did the things she had dreamed about; we danced, played, and traveled. In the bedroom, a whole new woman blossomed. Her repressed feelings disappeared, replaced by the desire to explore her sexuality. So much to experience and she didn't want to waste any time. With my encouragement, she sought information to be a better lover; to give pleasure and how to be pleasured. She quickly discovered it was ok to enjoy sex. It was quite a step for her to feel comfortable touching herself and even masturbating in front of me.
Brenda discovered erotic stories and we would take turns reading them aloud. When I read, she would lie naked across my lap, brushing her pussy with her fingers. She liked to set the mood in the room with romantic music, dim lights and lots of scented candles. The stories were definitely a turn on and many times we would act out a scene we had just read.
Interestingly, it didn't matter if the story was about a couple, MMF, WWM, or a group. We found them exciting, and provocative. Some just made for a good fantasy discussion. Over time, Brenda became comfortable with the graphic language used in the stories and began to include it in our love making.
One evening, however, she surprised me by proudly displaying her newly waxed pussy. This time when I read the story, she used both hands to masturbate. It was all I could do to read while watching her hands at play. She really enjoyed the way I licked and kissed every part of her and so did I.
I was so inspired by the look and feel of Brenda's naked pussy that I took her to the bathroom and handed her my razor. She gently and carefully shaved my cock and balls. A first for both of us and so erotic. Now shaving me is a regular ritual she performs when we shower together.
All of this, I guess you could say, set the stage for a chance encounter that would change our lives.
It started simply enough. We were headed to the Caribbean on our favorite cruise ship line. We chose this cruise because it was hitting islands we had not visited. As we looked at the itinerary, I noted that one of the islands was St. Martin, French West Indies. I looked at Brenda and with a grin, remarked, "They have the famous Orient Beach."
"So?"
"It's a clothing optional beach."
Brenda gave me a blank look. I waited and let her think about it. Then suddenly a big smile spread across her face. "I'm game if you are." I gave her a big kiss and she started laughing. "Never in my wildest dreams did I ever think I'd be doing what we have been doing or in this case, about to do."
"I love you Brenda."
We've cruised often enough to know what to expect and how to pack. "Packing for a nude beach should be easy," I said teasingly to Brenda.
"Think you'll get an erection walking among all those naked women?" she countered.
I laughed and said, "Sweetheart, I hope I don't get a boner after I apply sunscreen all over your body, especially to your breasts and pussy."
"I'm getting excited about our trip to the beach. I still can't believe we're doing it."
During the days leading up to the trip, Brenda looked for stories involving nude beaches. Most of those stories involved other couples engaging in a foursome. "I know it's just a story," I said light heartedly, "but what would you do if the opportunity really arose?" She looked at me mischievously, came over and held my dick in her hand. We both could feel it grow and press hard against my slacks. With a coquettish grin she asked, "Do you think you could handle your wife acting like a slut and watch me fuck another man?"
I closed my eyes and took a deep breath and let it out slowly. "The thought of you acting like a slut is an image I find very exciting."
"I can tell."
Looking directly in her eyes I retorted, "So, my slutty wife, would you like to see my cock in another woman's cunt?"
I smiled and wondered where this was going. Brenda closed her eyes. I could see her mind processing that image. She gave my cock a firm squeeze and after a few moments said, "I know turnabout is fair play and, honestly, I think it would be exciting, too." She gave me a kiss and continued, "Pretty unlikely to happen but still fun to fantasize. In the meantime, shouldn't we take care of our friend here?" With that, she dropped to her knees and relieved me of my slacks, my erection pressing hard against my briefs. She traced my hard-on with her fingers before gently freeing it from bondage. She kissed it on the tip before taking it in her mouth.
I sucked in my breath, closed my eyes, and savored the incredible sensation of my cock in her warm and wet mouth. I was already pretty turned on from our chat and when she added her hand in a slow rhythm, I knew I wasn't going to last. I began to moan and I was matching her stroking with my hips. "Oh, baby I'm going to cum." She took all I had to give and milked every drop.
She stood and kissed me, sharing the taste of my cum. "I love it when you fill my mouth."
"It feels so incredible for me, too. I dropped to my knees and returned the favor. Jeans were quickly removed. My fingers slid under her wet panties and brushed across a swollen clit. The sound of sighing and moaning were music to my ears. I kissed Brenda's clit through the fabric and then pulled off the remaining garment. She adjusted her legs to give me better access to her lovely pussy. I placed my mouth back on her clit and inserted two fingers deep in her. She gasped and grabbed my head to steady herself. My fingers were rubbing the G-spot and my mouth was licking her. Within moments, her heart was pounding as her orgasm rolled like a wave through her body. I stood and kissed her deeply and passionately, our tongues dancing and probing. She took my hand to lick her cum from my fingers.
My mind kept returning to our conversation about a foursome and I wondered if Brenda was serious. What if it really could happen? How would I feel and could I do it with another woman. Brenda is the love of my life and I don't want to jeopardize that. But still, just talking about it was very erotic. Clearly we need to be in agreement on this. For my peace of mind, I need another conversation.
That evening, when we climbed into bed, before turning off the light, I turned to Brenda and said, "After we talked about the possibility of a foursome, I couldn't get it out of my mind. You're probably right, the chances are small. However, if the situation was right, would you really want to do it?"
"I've given it some more thought, too. If it's ok with you, then it's ok with me."
"I love you sweetheart. If it's right, I think we'll feel ok with it." I went to sleep with my arms around my lover. I had a restless night filled with dreams of one of the foursome stories with Brenda and me in the starring roles.
The days went quickly enough and soon we were in the air heading to Florida. Brenda was as giddy and excited as a youngster on Christmas morning. I love seeing her this way. Such a contrast from the shy woman I met not that many years ago. She is a wonderful partner and lover.
We arrived at the ship's terminal to start the check-in process. We were greeted at the door and it wasn't long before we were checked in and ready to board the ship. It was at that moment that our lives would change. I saw a room with VIP above the door. I pointed it out to Brenda and asked aloud, "I wonder how you qualify for that?" No sooner had I said that when a former co-worker and his wife walked out.
"Don, is that you?" He looked up, took a moment to process, and then with a big grin ran over to shake my hand. "Larry, you old so and so! It's been years! How have you been?"
"Great! I want you to meet my wife, Brenda." By that time, Don's wife was standing at his side.
"This is my wife, Teri." In all the years I had worked with Don, I had never met his wife.
Attractive was my first reaction and then it occurred to me why I thought so. Brenda and Teri were so similar in appearance they could have passed for sisters. Height, shape, hair color were all within a "gnat's eyelash" of identical. The major difference was in personal style. Brenda's new found confidence was reflected in her choice of neckline and length of her shorts. By contrast, Teri obviously had a fitness routine. Toned and striking, her outfit hugged her firm, well defined curves and dictated her wardrobe of choice. My guess was that Terri and Don's work-out regimen was a lot more rigorous than ours. "Don, I must say, you look terrific and it is a pleasure to meet your lovely wife."
We headed to the ship, exchanged room numbers and picked a time to meet later. Don's handsome appearance was not lost on Brenda, with his silver gray hair, piercing blue eyes, beautiful smile, and broad shoulders. "He's quite a hunk isn't he sweetheart."
"Yes he is, and Teri cuts quite a figure too. I saw you staring at her breasts. Don't worry, it's ok with me," Brenda said with a smile as she squeezed my hand.
I told Brenda that years ago I worked with Don. He was in purchasing and often served as my buyer. We had a good working relationship but never did anything outside the office. Purchasing was always in turmoil for one reason or another. And I remember Don saying one day that he was tired of it all and was looking at a new job in Florida. A few weeks later, he was gone.
We met Don and Teri at one of the many bars on the ship. We played some catchup about what we had been doing over the years, and my marriage to Brenda. I mentioned this was our first time on this particular ship which we picked because of the interesting itinerary. Also, since we had seen them coming out of the VIP room, I asked how many they had done.
"Several dozen," Don simply replied.
"Dozens," I said with surprise.
"Oh yes, when you live in Florida, you get some great deals. This is our tenth trip on this ship because we like this particular route."
"Why?" I asked.
"We like the nude beach on St. Martin," Teri volunteered without hesitation.
I was pretty shocked by that revelation. Wow, I thought, this is taking the conversation to a whole new level. I liked the idea of seeing Teri naked. I'm sure Don will also enjoy seeing Brenda.
"My wife's a bit of an exhibitionist," Don replied with a smug grin. "You might say a real 'Southern Belle'. It's a nice beach plus she enjoys displaying her body and I enjoy the lovely scenery, too."
"Not that you don't have a terrific body," Teri countered.
I looked over at Brenda and she met my eyes. We both started laughing.
"What's so amusing?" Don asked.
"We've never been to a nude beach and we are excited about trying it out," Brenda replied. "We don't know what to expect."
"Don't worry, you both look great and you'll love it," Teri responded reassuringly.
"We didn't think we would know anybody," Brenda observed.
"We've been coming here for ten years and we have never come across anyone we knew, so this is a first for us, too. I find the freedom amazing and the atmosphere scintillating. Some bodies are better than others but all the gazing is still a lot of fun. Relax and enjoy. That's our motto."
"Trust me," injected Don, "There aren't many as lovely as my wife."
"What do you think sweetheart?" I asked, looking Brenda in the eye and giving her hand a squeeze. "Still want to do the beach?"
"Actually, I'm looking forward to it. I bet you boys are also?" Brenda asked with a giggle.
Don and I exchanged smiles and a wink. Seeing our wives in the buff together would indeed be a feast for our eyes.
Over dinner, we chatted more about our past and the variety of trips Don and Teri had taken. In addition to the cruises, they enjoyed going to places that had nude beaches.There were a few resorts in the Caribbean they enjoyed that were clothing optional.
"I like a day or two on the beach. I can't give you a good reason, but, when we did our first nude beach, I found I was really hooked. I don't mind showing off my body and I'm real proud of Don's physique also."
"Just to answer a question you might have in the back of your mind, Larry," Don said with a grin, "No matter the scenery, you won't get an erection."
I just about choked on my wine; the girls started laughing. "Thanks Don, I needed that."
That night, as we lay in bed, I asked Brenda how she really felt. She hugged me and told me that she was happy about the trip and very comfortable with Don and Teri.
The ship was not scheduled to dock at St. Martin until the second day. Meanwhile, Brenda and I spent most of our time with Don and Teri. To be more accurate, the girls chatted as girls do and Don and I did the guy talk. We worked out together with them. They gave us some good pointers and routines we could incorporate when we got home.
The hot tub was fun and Teri definitely wore some itsy bitsy bikinis. Watching her climb in and out of the tub was enough to bring a hard-on. Teri would sit on the edge, spread her legs wide and enter one leg at a time, giving me a wonderful view of her barely covered pussy. Don caught me staring, gave me a playful elbow in the side and said, "Quite the sight isn't she?" I winked and nodded my head. Brenda shocked Don and me by reaching over to my crotch and in a low voice said, "Don't worry sweetheart, I'll take care of this tonight."
With a grin Don countered, "Looks like we'll both have fun tonight."
Don wore a very small Speedo. On just about everyone I know, that would be gross; however,on Don, it worked. He had the body for it. Flat abs and good muscle tone. A lot of women stared, including my wife at a package that was clearly visible for all to see. When Don stood up in the hot tub, his wet swimsuit gave a clear outline of his dick. I glanced over at Brenda and I could see she was mesmerized by his physique. I reached over and gave her upper thigh a squeeze and she directed my hand onto her pussy. Don and Teri enjoyed repeatedly putting on a show for us. They had us so turned on that we couldn't wait to fuck back in our cabin before dinner.
The sexual tension was building and finally the day came for "the trip" to the beach. It truly is a lovely beach and is quite large. One side is for swimsuits including topless. The other is nude and as Teri stated, if you want to stick out, wear clothes. It had a nice crowd but not packed. We found a space for our blanket and stood there for a moment. The day of reckoning was here. Not surprisingly, Teri was quick to start removing her clothes. I looked at Brenda, gave her a wink, and peeled off my clothes. In a moment, we all were standing au natural, and I must say, Teri looked as sexy as I had imagined. I stared at Teri's small strip of hair on her pussy. Don was getting an eyeful of Brenda's body, too.
Teri was first to break the silence, "I need a volunteer to help me with my sunscreen. Some areas are just too hard to reach on my own." Before anyone could answer, she tossed the tube to me.
Following Teri's lead, Brenda turned to Don who already had a tube in his hand. "Start with my back," she said as she lay down on the blanket.
As I started applying the lotion on Teri's back and working my way down a very lovely tush, I wasn't sure about Don's assurance that I wouldn't get an erection. Teri didn't stop me as I moved my hands over her butt cheeks and even down her crack. She even spread her legs slightly as I did her thighs. I closed my eyes as I ran my fingers along her pussy. It was all I could do to move my hands down her legs and away from such an inviting love nest.
I looked over at Don and to my surprise, he was spending a lot of time applying lotion to Brenda's cheeks. I could tell she was really enjoying it, too. He looked at me and we both just smiled. I had a feeling the foursome Brenda and I had talked about might be coming closer to a reality.
In one smooth move, Teri rolled over to a sitting position, took the lotion from my hand and pulled me down to sit in front of her. She took my hand, squirted a dollop in it and helped herself to a portion of her own. Her hand went to my chest as she took my lotion filled hand and placed it on her breast. "We need to protect exposed skin," she said with a coy smile. Fondling her tits was giving me a hard-on. So much for Don's statement about not getting an erection.
If I hadn't had "growing interest" before, I definitely did when Teri's slippery hand moved to my groin. The feelings in my crotch had me transfixed until she moved my hand to her crotch. For several minutes, we explored each other. Her hand on my cock and my fingers on her pussy had us purring. If we had been in a private setting, we would have surely fucked. I had no idea at that point what Don and Brenda were doing and, actually, I didn't care. There could have been a crowd watching and I would have been oblivious.
I watched Teri's face, she closed her eyes and her breathing was shallow and quick. Suddenly, she stopped pumping my cock, gasped, shuddered, and quietly climaxed. While she recovered, I looked over at Don and Brenda. Brenda was panting and I knew from experience she was on the edge of her orgasm. Within moments, she let out a soft moan and collapsed in Don's arms. Don and I exchanged grins and a nod. I was ready to do a high five but thought better of it.
Teri suggested Don and I lay on the blanket for a few minutes until our dicks were soft and then we could join Brenda and her in the water. After the girls left, I looked at Don and said, "Damn, that was more than I expected or even hoped for."
"We have some pretty hot wives, Larry."
"I can't help but hope there is more to come, so to speak."
"I'm with you."
We joined the girls in the water and engaged in some playful splashing. It started with boys versus girls but soon became everyone for themselves. After we settled down, I took Brenda in my arms and kissed her. "Did you have a good time on the blanket?"
"Oh Larry, it was incredible." She paused a moment, "How about you? It looked like you were."
"My head is still swimming from all of this. It was mind blowing watching you and touching Teri at the same time."
"It appears we have found our foursome."
"I'm game if you are, Brenda."
"I'll let Teri take the lead and we'll see what happens."
The time came for us to head back to the ship. We had a few hours before dinner for a much needed shower, and some play time. As we showered, I asked Brenda if she had any second thoughts regarding what we just experienced.
"It was naughty, decadent, exhilarating, wonderful, and more. I understood Teri's feeling of freedom when she was nude. I felt that way, too. I hope we will do another nude beach someday soon. You?"
"You said it and I agree. A nude beach is worth repeating. I was surprised by what also happened."
Brenda started laughing, and then she confessed the lotion scene had been carefully orchestrated.
"Teri asked me yesterday if I would object if we swapped spouses for the sunscreen application. I liked the idea. She went on to describe in detail her plan. We both were pretty sure you guys wouldn't object. Even though it was all planned, the reality was better than I had hoped. Gosh, I'm getting horny just recalling what we just did."
"I love hearing that." I knelt on my knees, images of Don rubbing her to orgasm flashed through my mind and that really turned me on. I took my hard cock into my hand and jacked off as I licked and sucked her swollen clit. Horny was an understatement. She was begging for release and pulled my head in hard to her very wet pussy. Within a few moments, she was rocking and moaning as her orgasm was building. When she climaxed, her whole body quivered, her knees buckled, and she collapsed to the floor.
"Your pussy is a great dessert but we need to get dressed for dinner."
Don ordered some wine as we all sat down to dinner. "We need to celebrate your first nude beach and the fun we had sharing it with you. Teri and I have never engaged in a sexual adventure with another couple like we did today. My understanding is you haven't either. Definitely calls for a toast: here's to more days like today and more adventures in the future."
"And to dicks!!" Teri giggled.
"Amen!! Piped up Brenda.
"And to pussies!" Don and I responded in unison.
We all laughed, clinked glasses and I gave Brenda a wink and a nod. She returned a smile.
"We have champagne on ice in the room ready for our enjoyment," Don announced.
"And more fun," Teri quickly added.
Before dessert was served, the girls adjourned to the ladies room to "fix their lipstick." I quickly guessed and mentioned to Don that they are probably doing another planning session for everyone's delight. "I like the way your wife thinks not to mention, how hot she is."
"Your wife is a looker, too, and a sexy accomplice. I really enjoyed this afternoon. This has been a 'win-win for everyone."
We clinked our glasses and waited for the girls.
After dinner, we headed to the suite with a lilt in our steps. The elevator provided the girls an opportunity to sneak a feel. Considering our close proximity, I wasn't sure which girl had her hand on my dick. Either way, I was appreciative and so was my cock.
Once in the room, the girls disappeared into the bathroom. "The champagne is in the sink," Don said.
The girls re-entered the room, Teri holding the bottle, Brenda carrying the glasses, and both totally naked.
"Aren't you boys overdressed?" Brenda said teasingly.
We didn't need any more encouragement. The clothes were off by the time the glasses were filled.
There was no time for a toast. The girls dipped our dicks in the champagne and savored the combination in their mouths. The tongue action Teri gave my dick had me craving a blow job. All too quickly the girls moved to the edge of the bed. They leaned back, spread their legs invitingly, and dribbled a little champagne on their pussies. "Brenda informed me that you love to eat pussy, Larry. Want to do mine?" Teri offered seductively. "Brenda, check out Don's technique. Variety is definitely the spice of life."
Don and I didn't hesitate for a moment. We were on our knees with our mouths all over two lovely cunts. I licked all around Teri's pussy before moving down to insert my tongue deep into her. She moaned and pulled my head in tight. I tongue fucked her with wild enthusiasm. What an erotic cocktail of champagne mixed with her juices. I moved my hand up to play with a hard nipple. I ran my tongue up and down her slit. How soft and sweet it felt and tasted. I knew her clit was eager for sucking and I couldn't wait any longer. One touch with my lips on her clit yielded a sigh. This was heaven. She met my increased tempo with matching pelvic thrusts. Her rapid panting let me know she was ready to climax. She tensed, arched her back, then with a loud groan, her whole body trembled with her orgasm. I moved my tongue down to her cunt to taste her sweet cum. She pulled my head up and said, "I want you inside."
Teri took my semi-erect cock in her mouth and quickly brought it back to a hard erection. She guided my dick to her pussy and slid it up and down between her wet lips. She moved my cock to her and I slowly entered her love hole, wet with her cum. My whole day had been one long foreplay and my balls were begging for relief. Surrounded but her warm, tight cunt, I knew I was near my edge and hoped she would cum with me. We moved together, our bodies slapping against each other in wild abandon. When I reached the point of no return, I slammed my cock deep into her and I felt her orgasm meet mine. Breathing hard, we collapsed together, exhausted and spent.
It was then that I became aware of the activity next to us. Don had Brenda's legs on his shoulders and he was pumping her hard. Her eyes were closed and she was pinching her nipples. He grunted, "I'm gonna to cum!"
"I want to feel your cum on my tits!!"
Don quickly pulled out and I watched him shoot his milky seed all over Brenda's breasts. When he finished, she took his cock into her mouth and drained it dry. I was surprised at how exciting and erotic it was to watch Brenda fuck and suck another man. I looked at Teri and she was rubbing herself as she watched them, too. I kissed and licked her nipples as she rubbed her clit. I inserted a finger in her cunt and started rubbing her G-spot. Within a few moments, her orgasm moved through her like a shockwave.
We all lay on the bed, enjoying the afterglow of sex that up to this point had only been a fantasy.
Brenda was the first to sit up. Acting on instinct, she retrieved Don's shirt from the floor and dried her chest. She came to the bed, snuggled in my arms, and said, "Swapping is great and I'm so glad we did this. I'm still horny, why don't I take you back to our cabin and we can fuck some more."
"I know what you mean; I could use another round or two or...," Teri said as she reached for Don's cock, and gave it a kiss. "Tomorrow night, Larry, I want you to cum in my mouth."
"Same for you, Don. I love giving a blow job," Brenda said, looking at him.
"It's a date."
We sorted through the clothes to figure out theirs and ours. Somewhat rumpled but none the worse for wear, we reassembled ourselves. Brenda gave me a kiss and placed her panties in my hand. I put them to my nose and inhaled her scent. She gave my arm a gentle squeeze, "You silly boy. I love how you make them wet."
As we walked out the door, Brenda turned to Teri and said, "Good night you two, and thank you for an incredible day. We need to talk tomorrow about how we'll spend the rest of our time on the ship plus future erotic adventures."