Good Neighbors Don't Want Fences

At the back corner of our land, we have a fire pit and canopy nestled into a small clearing in a patch of small pines and scrub trees. It is far enough away from the neighbors and screened with the trees to safely have sex by the fire with my husband on regular occasions.
I also like to pet my curvy body and bathe nude in both the sun and moon light. Feeling the breeze wrap around my body and either the warm sunlight flushing my pale skin or the silvery moonlight making me glow as I finger my pussy into an orgasm makes me feel incredibly sexy. Sexy enough to want to show the world what it is missing.
One mild autumn afternoon, I had a quiet hour to spend out back alone. As a small fire crackled and kept the air warmish, I moved my chair to a shady spot and began reading a sci-fi novel. To keep things interesting, I took off my bra and shirt so I could fondle my big soft 38D breasts as I read. After thumbing my pink nipples until they were hard, I started to gently twist and pull them. Letting the book slide to the ground, I moaned and squeezed both breasts hard.
That's when I heard a spray of water hit metal. My neighbor had his truck parked at the back of their property where it bordered ours and was just getting started on washing it. Unsure about whether or not he had heard or seen me, I decided that it didn't matter as I was so horny that I was going to keep going.
As I watched him through the thin screen of small pines, he filled up a bucket with suds then worked on hosing off the truck. He moved the hose back and forth, and I followed his rhythm with two fingers shoved into my leggings and underwear. Working my fingers into my wet pussy, I leaned back and played with my left breast as my right hand hit deep in my slit. Pausing to remove my leggings and undies, I went right back to work. Sunlight made shadows on my pale skin as the blue sky watched my naked curvy body flush and thrust. Getting closer to orgasm, I added a third finger to my snatch and worked it hard. Getting it hard and deep in my stretched out pussy pushed me into a wet squelchy squirting orgasm. It was more than I expected, and I couldn't control the "Fuck me" that escaped.
With cummy fingers spread on my soft brown muff, I let my head roll towards the neighbor's yard. Instead of washing his truck, my neighbor was staring in my direction with the hose just running in his hand. OK-he heard something, but he probably couldn't see me...at least, not clearly.
Bringing my hand up to my mouth, I licked off my cum and squirt. Then I stood up and raised my arms with fingers knotted and stretched slowly in the sunlight, jumping gently a few times to bounce my big tits around. Instead of sitting back down in the chair, I faced it and grabbed the arms, bending over with my big PAWG ass in the air. Using my hand to fondle my wet tender lips and clit, I started working my ass up and down like I was riding a hard cock or a cum-hungry tongue. Or both. Daydreaming about my husband fucking some curvy slut hard in her big tight ass while she licks his cum out of my pussy, I gently slapped my sensitive clit and pushed the same three fingers all the way in.
Right before cumming, I glanced up in my neighbor's direction. He was pretending to clean the windows of his truck with all of the doors open. That allowed him to pull his shorts down and stroke his cock while he looked in my direction more than the windows of his truck. Never one to disappoint an audience, I finger-fucked my twat hard again and again until hot piss and cum poured out of me and onto my legs and the ground.
I half-fell into the chair and slowly rubbed my messy hot juices all over my shaky thighs and tingling breasts and licked it off my nipples as I watched my neighbor spill his cum into the grass. Slowly, I got dressed with some licking and sucking of nipples and fingers sprinkled in and a little ass shake as I pulled up my leggings.
He collected his shorts and Windex and started to work on his truck windows again. Good fences ruin a beautiful view. I doubt any will be going up soon. My neighbor got a good show because I am MILF slut who loves to show off, but I walked back up to the house knowing that my husband would be the one drinking my cum and fucking me hard tonight.