To fully enjoy this chapter, please read chapters one and two first. This installment is a continuation of the other two and things will make more sense after doing so. Thank you and I hope you enjoy the third chapter of "Cassie Gets Some Overtime"!
*****
I wanted Mr. Decker again. Badly. All I could do was think about that man's hands on my body and it was making me excruciatingly horny. The whole situation baffled me. I had never been a very sexual person in the past- I mean, I thoroughly enjoyed sex and I was certainly no stranger to getting myself off, but it was low on the priority list. Now it was all I could think about. It consumed me. He had awoken something in me that I hadn't even known existed. I constantly thought about being fucked. Hard. Mostly, I fantasized about Mr. Decker fucking me, but I also caught myself checking out random men and thinking about what their cocks might feel like buried balls deep in my pussy or stuffed down my throat. I was ashamed of these feelings, but I didn't know how to control them. If anything, they seemed to be controlling me. After I had come down from the euphoric high that I experienced from being taken by two men at the same time, I felt embarrassed. I still had trouble making eye contact with Adam. So I tried my hardest to be strong and not give into the burning desire that threatened to overcome me. I didn't want to become a slave to my own animalistic urges.
Eventually, I broke down. The need was too strong and I realized it was useless to try to resist the inevitable. I needed to be fucked by Mr. Decker again.
I got up for work earlier than usual; I wanted to make sure that I had ample time to shave my legs and my pussy for what I had planned today. I wanted it to go perfectly. I got out of the shower, toweled myself off, and massaged every inch of my body with some lightly fragranced lotion. After blow drying my long auburn locks, I slipped into a black lacy g-string and a matching black lace push-up bra, I checked myself out in the mirror. I thought I looked pretty damn good. The push-up bra made my large tits look even bigger and I could see my nipples through the sheer fabric. I ran my hands down my collarbone and over the mounded creamy flesh. My nipples puckered in anticipation and I could feel my pussy moisten. I desperately wanted to get myself off, but after looking at the clock I realized if I didn't get moving, I was going to be late for work. I pulled on my normal jeans and a t-shirt, threw a few things into my bag, grabbed my keys, and rushed out the door.
The entire work day was agonizing. I was incredibly turned on by what I was going to do after everyone had left for the day and I was extremely self conscious about anyone noticing. I sat behind my computer as much as possible, hoping no one could see my rock hard nipples poking through the front of my shirt. I was so aroused that it felt palpable in the air around me. I did get some odd looks during the day; not only just the normal ogling, but also some looks of confusion like there was something different about me, but they couldn't figure out what. I couldn't wait for the day to end.
The only positive note for the day was that Mr. Decker seemed to be in an uncharacteristically good mood. The blinds were open on the windows that separated his office from the rest of building, as was his office door. If he was one of his normal dark moods, he would shutter himself up in there when he wasn't driving around the site berating the guys.
The day finally came to an end and the guys slowly started filing out. Mr. Decker was out on the site doing his end of the day inspection, as I knew he would be. On a normal day, I would usually be gone by the time he finished it, so I knew it took him at least 20 minutes to a half hour to complete after all operations had ceased for the day.
After about 10 minutes, most of the guys had punched out and were pulling out of the parking lot. I picked up my purse and tried to slip inconspicuously into Mr. Decker's office. As I was slinking over to the door, I saw Adam out of the corner of my eye. He was the last one to punch out. When I briefly glanced over at him, he gave me a knowing half smile and a wink. I blushed, ducked my head, and rushed into the office.
Upon entering his office, I looked out the back window to make sure that my car was the only vehicle remaining in the lot. I was starting to feel very nervous, so I began stripping down to my bra and panties before I chickened out. I wheeled his office chair out to where it would be seen immediately when he walked in the door. I set my purse on his desk and rummaged through it to find my small bullet vibrator, then left my purse open to reveal the 8" neon pink cock shaped vibrator I had brought with me. I knelt on the chair facing the back of it, bending at the waist as much as possible so that my ass was thrust outward.
I turned the small vibrator on and began massaging my clit with it through my already damp panties. A small gasp escaped from my lips when it made initial contact and I felt my pussy gush with wetness. A whispered "Oh God" slipped out and I began to grind it harder against my clit. All of my nervousness evaporated, replaced by sheer lust. All I could think about was the paralyzingly pleasurable sensation on my clit and the need to make myself cum.
It didn't take me long. Within minutes I was shuddering and moaning, my empty pussy spasming around something that wasn't there, but I desperately needed. My legs didn't seem to want to support my body any longer and I struggled to stay upright in the chair. It gradually subsided and I could somewhat compose myself, even though my legs still felt weak.
I heard a noise behind me and when I turned, I saw Mr. Decker standing in the doorway, his eyes dark with desire.
"Please," I gasped. It was barely audible to my own ears, but he entered the office, shut and locked the door, and was on me in seconds.
He pulled my g-string off and I waited for penetration, but instead of his cock, I felt his hot tongue flicking across my wet slit. I whimpered as he reached up a pulled my slick folds apart, his tongue teasing the entrance of my pussy. Seconds later his tongue was replaced by a thick finger thrust suddenly into me. I grunted and then moaned as he began to roughly thrust his finger into me, over and over.
"You are so fucking wet," he growled in my ear.
I turned to look at him. "I want your cock so fucking bad," I panted. "Please! Fuck me!"
He continued to assault my pussy with one hand and with the other, he reached for my hand that was still clasping the small vibrator and guided it back to my clit. I could feel another orgasm beginning to build inside of me and I rubbed the small vibrator hard against myself.
"Oh god! Don't stop! I'm so close!" I shrieked.
He inserted a second finger and continued to pump them furiously into me. That was all it took. I exploded on his hand, my hips bucking wildly.
"Ohhhh God, yes! I'm cumming!" I cried as wave after wave of pleasure washed over me. My pussy was now dripping with my own juices. When it finally subsided, I looked back at him and was shocked when I saw Adam and two other guys I didn't know watching through the window!
"We have an audience," I murmured.
Mr. Decker looked behind him. "No, you have an audience! I don't think they're here because of me! Do you want me to get rid of them?"
I thought about this for a second. I looked back at them and even though I could only see them from the stomach up, their arm motions definitely indicated that they were jerking themselves off. Because of me. That thought turned me on. If they wanted to watch me get fucked by Mr. Decker's huge cock, that was fine with me!
I gave Mr. Decker a sultry look. "No, they can watch," I answered in a low voice.
Mr. Decker gave me a devilish grin and pulled the dildo out of my purse. He turned it on the lowest setting and pressed it to my pussy lips.
I groaned. I wanted it inside me so badly.
"Fuck yourself," Mr. Decker growled.
I didn't hesitate. I dropped the bullet vibrator, grasped the base of the dildo, and thrust it into my pussy. Hard. I was so wet that it slid in easily. I moaned and slammed it in again.
"Oh God yes!" I cried out. I looked over my shoulder. The guys in the window looked like their eyes were going to bug out of their heads, their arms furiously jerking their cocks. I smiled to myself and picked up the pace with the dildo, fucking myself hard and fast. If they wanted a show, I'd give them a show!
I felt pressure on my asshole and felt one of Mr. Decker's fingers, still wet from my pussy, slide in. I pushed back onto it. I was used to this sensation by now and the feeling was more enjoyable than uncomfortable at this point.
He began to slowly slide his finger in and out of me. The different sensations, one humming slightly and pounding into me, the other warm and fleshy with languid strokes, were going to drive me over the edge in no time.
"Oh fuck, that feels so good!" I whimpered.
He took that as a cue to begin thrusting his finger harder and faster into my ass. I leaned back on it, grinding my teeth and still frantically fucking myself with the dildo. I was so close to cumming again!
But then his finger was gone and he was pulling the dildo out of me. He handed me the bullet vibrator and guided my hand back to my clit. I was hypersensitive and yelped when it made contact. Then I heard him turn the dildo up to the highest setting and felt the tip of it pressed against my asshole. The sensation surprised me and my pussy instantly gushed with wetness.
I looked back at him and whimpered. He slowly began to push it forward, sliding it into me. Hot, searing pain ripped through me. I tensed and began to pant. He stopped, reached down with his other hand, and began to grind the bullet vibrator hard on my clit. I moaned and he pushed the dildo a little farther into my ass. I took a deep breath and tried to relax. He moved the bullet to the sopping entrance of my pussy, using the blunt end to make small circles just inside of me. I let out a long moan and involuntarily thrust my ass towards him, spreading my legs as far apart as the chair would allow, inviting him to fuck me. Instead, he thrust the dildo the rest of the way into my ass.
I cried out sharply, my eyes flying open. He left the dildo buried in my ass while he used that hand to unbuckle his pants, letting them fall to the floor. His enormous erection sprang out in front of him, it's massive purple tip glistening with precum.
He continued rotating the bullet vibrator just inside my pussy with one hand, and once again grasped the dildo with the other. He slowly slid it a short way out of my ass, then slowly slid it back in. The next time he pulled it a little farther out and pushed it back in with a little more force. He continued progressively fucking me harder, with longer strokes, until he was sliding the full length out of my ass and slamming it back in.
The pain I had felt initially was replaced with the need to be filled in a way I hadn't experienced before. I wanted it. All of it. Whatever he wanted to show me or do to me, I couldn't say no. I didn't want to say no.
"You like this rubber dick in your little virgin ass, Cassie?" he growled.
"Oh yeah, Mr. Decker! It feels so fucking good! I want you in my pussy soooo bad! Fuck me with your fat cock!" I screamed.
He removed the bullet from my pussy and I felt the soft, firm tip of his cock nestle between my pussy lips. He thrust the tip into me and pulled back out, still slamming into my ass with the dildo. I wailed. I needed him!
"You want this cock, you little slut? Let me hear you beg!" he roared.
"Please Mr. Decker! I'll do anything you want, just please, fuck me! I want your big cock filling my pussy!" I felt like crying I was so frustrated!
He slammed the dildo into my ass one last time and left it there, buzzing away. With one hand he spread my pussy lips and he used the other to guide his cock into my wet hole. I was so soaked that he met no resistance as he slid the length of his cock into my eager pussy, it's walls stretching to accommodate his generous girth.
"Fuck yessss!" I hissed through clenched teeth. I felt all of my tension fade away. This was what I had been waiting for.
He thrust into me in long, hard strokes, grabbing my hips and pulling me back toward him each time he thrust forward. This made his abdomen slam into the end of the dildo, jostling it in my ass and making me cry out in ecstasy each time he hit it.
I let out and inhuman wail as I came hard all over his cock. I felt as floppy as a rag doll when it was over and I could feel my wetness running down my inner thighs.
"Oh God..." I groaned and rested my head on the back of the chair. I felt the chair spin sideways and when I looked to my left, I saw Adam and his friends staring through the window. In all of my excitement, I had forgotten about them watching us.
The tall one had slowed down his jerking motions, so I assumed he had already came, but Adam and the other one were still pumping away. Adam had a strained look on his face, however, telling me it wouldn't be long for him.
I gave them a sexy half-smile and licked my lips. Mr. Decker, while still plowing into me from behind, unclasped my bra and slid it off, freeing my tits from their restraint. I turned my body towards the window to face them and lifted my leg so they could see his huge cock hammering into my hairless pink pussy. Mr. Decker held my leg up, knowing what I wanted them to see. I began to tease one of my nipples with the hand that I wasn't using to support myself, rolling it between my fingers and pulling at it.
Adam lost it. I could see his body go rigid and then shudder, spewing his cum all over some unseen spot on the other side of the wall. Two down, two to go, I thought as I looked from the guy at the window, back to Mr. Decker.
I gripped his cock hard with my pussy, wanting to feel every vein on his thick shaft. I squeezed him tightly, wanting to make him cum the way that he made me cum.
He let out a groan. "Fucking Christ! How're you doing that?!"
I reached behind me and grabbed the hand he was gripping my right hip with. I guided it to the end of the dildo; with me turned the way I was and with my leg up in the air, he wasn't hitting it with his abdomen anymore. That needed to change. He grabbed the end of it and began to fuck my ass with it. Hard.
"Fuck me!" I screamed, "Fuck my ass with that dick!"
I had meant the dildo, but he obviously had other ideas in mind, because he slid it out of my ass and set it on the desk. He dropped my leg and positioned his huge dick on my asshole.
I was nervous. He was much larger than the dildo. He started to push his way in, stretching my asshole. I took a deep breath and tried to relax. He wanted this and I wanted to give it to him.
As he slid forward more, I gritted my teeth; even with though his cock was lubricated with my pussy juices and my ass had been loosened up by the dildo, it still hurt like hell. I had to force myself to breath. Finally I felt his balls hit my pussy and he was completely in.
He stayed like that for a second while I panted and tried to get used to the enormity of his cock in my ass. He reached up and fondled my breasts, pinching my nipples, which sent jolts to my now empty pussy. Then he found the bullet vibrator and began gently massaging my clit with it, which elicited a small moan from my lips.
He began the way he had with the vibrator, his strokes progressively getting longer- except this time he didn't increase the force of his thrusts, they were gentle and easy. It didn't make much of a difference, I didn't think the pain would ever dissipate into a pleasing sensation like it had with the dildo, he was too big. I didn't get the chance to find out though, because by the time he had gotten to the point where he was fucking my ass with the whole length of his cock, I felt him stiffen and pull out. He grunted and cursed as he shot his hot load, spurt after spurt, all over my ass and lower back. I smiled to myself as I felt some of his cum leak down between my ass cheeks.
He straightened up and grabbed an article of clothing- his shirt- off of the floor to clean me up with. After wiping his cum from my body, he lifted me up, turned me around, and sat me in the chair. I looked at him through hazy eyes and smiled lazily. I looked over at the window and saw that the last guy out of the trio must've cum at some point also, his face looking much more relaxed as he casually stroked his cock.
"I'm going to go get cleaned up," Mr. Decker told me as he made his way to the office door, his softening cock bobbing lazily in front of him. He opened the door and walked out, not bothering to close it behind him.
He said something to the guys as he walked away, but I didn't hear what was said. I was mostly just focused on the open door. Did he want them to come in? Did he want them to fuck me? Did I want them to fuck me?
I quickly made up my mind. I looked over at the window at the guys' dumbfounded faces and gave them a coy smile, crooking my finger to beckon them in. They filed in, their semi-erect cocks leading the way. I crossed my legs in the chair. I was completely in control. I was the one calling the shots and if they got out of hand, I knew Mr. Decker wasn't far. I trusted that he wouldn't let them do anything to me that I didn't consent to.
I chewed on my bottom lip as I sized them up. First, there was Adam. He was a good looking guy of average build with a slightly larger than average cock. I felt my nipples harden when I remembered the smoothness of it on my tongue the last time I was naked in this office. I ran my tongue across my upper lip and checked out the next guy.
He was the guy that was the first to cum when they were watching me get fucked by Mr. Decker. He wasn't bad looking; he was tall and very thin with sandy hair and light blue eyes. His cock was exceptionally long and slightly thinner than average, but he wasn't fully hard yet. He looked flustered and maybe a little embarrassed.
I turned to the last guy. The one with the most stamina. He was gorgeous with dark hair and smoldering dark eyes. He had a well developed body, but wasn't too bulky. His cock was a little larger than my dildo. I had a feeling he had no problems getting laid regularly.
I stood and walked over to Adam, standing close enough that my nipples grazed his chest. "What are you doing here, Adam?" I asked him. "Did you think you could just show up with all of your friends and I'd suck all of your cocks? Is that what kind of girl you think I am?" I wasn't really pissed, but I also didn't want them thinking that I was open to fucking just anyone that came along.
"I-I-I... N-n-no!" He stammered, clearly taken aback by my accusation.
I raised my eyebrows and looked at the other two. "What did he tell you guys?"
The tall one remained silent and looked extremely uncomfortable, but the dark one spoke up. "He told us that there was this really hot chick who gave amazing head and, if we were lucky, we might get to have some fun with her."
He was smart. I'd give him that. I'm sure whatever Adam had told them was much more sordid than what he had just told me, but he was trying to win me over with flattery. That didn't usually work on me, but I also wasn't used to getting fucked in front of an audience either. There was a first time for everything, I guess.
"And?" I asked.
"He was right about you being hot," he said, "and I don't know about the head, but that show you just gave us was amazing!"
I smiled. "I'm glad you liked it," I said as I got down on my knees in front of him. "And I guess you'll have to find out for yourself if Adam was right." I reached for his cock and looked up at him as I wrapped my lips around the tip of it.
At seeing this, the tall one finally found the courage to speak. "You were fantastic!" he said in a hushed voice. "I've never seen a girl look like she enjoyed getting fucked so much!"
I lowered my eyelids and turned to look at the tall one, the dark one's cock still in my mouth. I maintained eye contact with him as I leaned forward and swallowed half the cock. I pulled back and engulfed it again, taking more of it this time. I swallowed it a few more times before pulling off of it with an audible pop. I lowered my head and gently sucked one of his heavy balls into my mouth, caressing it tenderly with my tongue for a few seconds before releasing it.
"What the fuck are you waiting for?" I asked the tall one while I began using a hand to jerk off the dark one.
He hesitantly moved closer, holding his cock out in front of him. I opened my mouth and he slid it past my lips. I bobbed my head, taking as much of the long cock as I could. He groaned quietly and rested one of his hands lightly on the back of my head. He started gently thrusting his hips. Too gently. This wasn't how I liked it; I wanted it much rougher and I knew how to get what I wanted.
I pulled off of his cock, still jerking off the dark one, and looked up at Adam. I licked my lips hungrily and looked at his cock. He stepped closer and I grabbed his cock with my free hand, guiding it to my lips. I sucked at the tip, then slid my lips down the shaft, using my tongue to massage its underside.
"Oh yeah!" I heard him groan as he put both hands on the back of my head and began to push his cock down my throat. I stopped jerking off the dark one and grasped Adam's hips with both hands, pulling him in.
When he was buried balls deep in my throat he paused to let me take a noisy breath through my nose before he began his assault. He thrust into my face, fucking it hard. I dug my fingers into his ass cheeks, spurring him on. He reached down and pinched one of my nipples and I moaned the best I could around his thrusting cock.
"Holy shit!" I heard one of the other guys say. I pushed at Adam's hips, prompting him to pull out of my mouth. I was hoping the other two had gotten the hint. Sure enough, after taking a few gasping breaths, I had the dark one's hand on the back of my head and his cock head pressing on my lips. I opened my mouth and let him slide his big dick down my throat.
"Oh shit that's good!" he exclaimed as he began pumping furiously into my face, his balls slapping against my chin. I looked up at him through watering eyes and he smiled at me. "Adam wasn't wrong! You're a good little cocksucker!" He thrusted a few more times before using my hair to pull me off of him. I whimpered, not wanting him to stop.
"Your turn, Jordan." he addressed the tall one.
I turned to the tall one- Jordan- and licked my lips.
"Uhhh I don't know, Mike. That didn't look like that could've been much fun for her..." he protested.
He was sweet. I didn't have much use for sweet. But instead of explaining to him that it made me incredibly wet having my face fucked, or completely writing him off all together, I decided to find another use for him.
Before anyone else could respond I looked up at him, smiling kindly. "I actually have another idea for you, Jordan." I told him. I stood up, noticing that at some point Mr. Decker had returned and was seated in the office chair, languidly stroking his half erect cock.
I took Jordan by the hand and led him over to the couch in the office. Standing in front of it, I guided his hand to my pussy, letting him feel how wet I was. He eagerly began rubbing my clit and thrusting a finger in and out of me. I shivered at the sensation. I was right, he was a giver.
"Ohhhhh yeah, I'm soooo wet Jordan!" I moaned. It was a little over the top, but I knew he was timid and would need encouragement. "That feels soooo good! Ooohhhhh! Do you want to taste me? Do you want to lick my pussy, Jordan? Please?! Please eat my wet pussy!" I cried out.
"Oh God, yeah! I want to lick you!" he said eagerly.
I smiled inwardly, laid him down on the couch and straddled his face. I looked over at Mr. Decker. He smiled a knowing smile and continued to lazily stroke his cock. Jordan reached up and spread my pussy lips with his fingers, probing my clit with his tongue. I cried out with real pleasure and began to caress my breasts, rolling my nipples between my fingers. He was good at this!
Adam and Mike came over with their cocks in hand. I leaned forward and sucked one of their cocks, then the other. I couldn't get them down my throat at this angle, but it still felt good having them in my mouth. I alternated back and forth between the two, making sure I was generously applying my tongue to make up for the lack of deepthroating.
With the two cocks alternating in my mouth and Jordan's tongue talentedly lapping at my pussy, I was close to cumming again, but I really wanted my pussy filled first. I stopped sucking the cocks and slid down Jordan so that I was sitting on his stomach. "I need you to fuck me." I whined to him, looking down at him with eyes full of need.
Mike handed him something and he began fumbling around behind me. I realized he was putting a condom on.
"Your boss told us we had to," he mumbled.
I looked over at Mr. Decker who nodded almost imperceptibly. I slid farther down Jordan until I could feel the head of his cock at the entrance to my pussy. I reached behind me and guided it into my waiting pussy.
I watched Mr. Decker's reaction as I sank back onto Jordan's cock. His eyes looked like two hot coals in his face. I couldn't tell if they were burning with desire or jealousy. I didn't care. He had allowed this to happen and it was too late to turn back now anyway. I kept eye contact with him as I began to ride Jordan's cock, slowly at first, but gradually increasing the pace. He returned the stare.
I was broken out of my trance when Jordan reached up and began to play with my nipples. I cried out in ecstasy and leaned forward so that he could suck them. I felt a hand on my chin, tipping my face upward and the head of Mike's cock pressing on my lips. I opened my mouth and he pushed in until he was once again balls deep in my throat.
With Mike's cock buried in my throat, Jordan's cock filling my pussy and his hot mouth manipulating my nipples, I came. I screamed around the cock in my mouth as my pussy spasmed around the cock inside me. I reached down with one hand, rubbing my clit and trying to draw out the orgasm as long as possible as Mike began to violently fuck my face.
When the orgasm subsided, I felt weak and couldn't time my breaths in conjunction with Mike's thrusts. I pushed him away so that I could catch my breath, but continued lazily riding Jordan's cock.
"Oh fuck yeah, that was good!" I exclaimed hoarsely as soon as I could breathe again. I leaned forward, taking Mike's cock back into my mouth. I had cum, it was time to work on everyone else.
Mike had just slid back into my throat when I felt the blunt tip of Adam's condom covered dick pressing on my asshole. I started to pull my mouth off of Mike to protest, but his hand on the back of my head prohibited me from doing so. I took several noisy, deep breaths through my nose and tried to relax, holding perfectly still.
Adam grunted as he slowly entered; he was much easier to take than Mr. Decker's massive cock. I let out a long moan around Mike's cock when Adam was fully inside of me. I was completely filled. Mike remained still, allowing me to get used to the cocks filling my pussy and ass. I slowly began to rock my pelvis on Jordan's cock while Adam began to gently thrust into my ass. The sensation was unlike anything else I had ever experienced. I closed my eyes, relaxed, and gave into it.
Mike started fucking my face in slow, even strokes, matching Adam's thrusts into my ass. Jordan was still licking and nibbling on my nipples while I rode his cock. I began to pick up speed, setting the pace for everyone else. I rode Jordan's cock harder and harder and soon Adam's cock was slamming into my ass and Mike was fucking my face in earnest. I was going to cum again.
I stopped sucking Mike's cock so I could lean back on Adam while he pistoned in and out of my ass. He began to rub my clit with one hand while roughly pinching a nipple with the other. Jordan began to thrust up into my pussy, his cock hardening- he was about to cum too.
"Oh God, I'm gonna cum!" I screamed. "Fucking fill me! Fuck me harder!"
At that moment, Jordan came, his cock twitching inside me, filling the condom with his hot load. I continued to ride his softening cock until it slipped out of my sopping pussy. Then, I bent over doggy-style so Adam could have a better view of his cock pounding into my ass.
"Mmmmm do you like fucking my ass with that hard dick, Adam?" I purred, pushing back into him when he thrust forward.
"Shit, it's so fucking tight!" His voice sounded strained and I could tell he was getting close.
"Fuck my tight little ass, Adam! Fuck it harder!" I demanded.
I looked up at Mike and opened my mouth. He slid his cock in as Adam pounded into me with all that he had. Shortly, Adam released a guttural groan and I felt every jerk of his cock as he emptied the contents of his balls into my ass. I smiled inwardly and then focused on Mike, who was pumping his cock into my face. I wanted him to cum, but after several minutes of deepthroating his cock, I realized that wasn't going to do it for him. I pulled my mouth off of him, climbed off of Jordan, and stood up.
"Maybe you want more than just my mouth?" I said coyly.
"Move you two!" Mike ordered Jordan and Adam, his eyes never leaving my body.
They got up and left the room, presumably to clean themselves up. Mike sat down on the couch, his cock jutting up into the air. He rolled a condom onto himself and slapped his thighs, indicating that he wanted me to straddle him.
"Okay," I thought, "I'll give you what you want, but it'll be on my terms!"
I spun around so my back was to him and I was facing Mr. Decker, who's eyes were looking darker than I'd ever seen them. Maintaining eye contact with him, I knelt on the couch, positioning my pussy directly above Mike's eager prick. As I sank down onto it, I heard Mike let out a long, low groan from behind me. I began rocking slowly, tilting my head back and closing my eyes, savoring those dark eyes on me. I ran my hands through my long hair and down the side of my breasts, cupping them and twisting my nipples into hard points. I moaned and opened my eyes to once again meet Mr. Decker's. He was jerking himself off harder now, clearly enjoying watching me take Mike's cock.
"Show me," he growled.
I lifted myself into a squatting position over Mike's cock, spreading my legs wide so Mr. Decker could see it entering my wet pussy. I reached back and held onto Mike's shoulders with both hands for balance and effectively thrusting my tits out at the same time. I began to ride his cock harder, my tits bouncing with the motion. Mike's hands gripped my hips and he started hammering his cock upwards into my pussy, hard and fast.
"Oh! Oh! Oh!" I cried out at each thrust. I felt my pussy clench as I was about to cum. "Ohhhhh yeahhhhh!" I groaned as I felt my pussy gush all over his hard cock. After the last few waves of my orgasm subsided, my legs felt weak and they couldn't support me in this position any longer.
"I'm gonna fuck your ass until I cum," I heard Mike say in a low voice. "So if you want to show him, turn around and face me."
I lifted myself off him, turned around, and straddled him, kneeling again. He took one of my hands and wrapped it around his cock. He then pulled me towards him, my tits in his face, and reached behind me to pull my ass cheeks apart. I guided his cock to my asshole and, looking over my shoulder at Mr. Decker, slid onto it.
"Oh fuck!" I heard Mike whisper hoarsely, his hands still spreading my ass cheeks.
I panted softly as I began to ride his cock. He was bigger than Adam and although it was a little uncomfortable, it wasn't painful and I knew I just needed to adjust to his size. I again looked over my shoulder at Mr. Decker who was still stroking his big dick.
"Fuck her harder," he barked while staring into my eyes.
Mike squeezed my ass cheeks tightly as he thrusted hard into my ass. Well if that was what Mr. Decker wanted, that's what he was going to get! I took a deep breath and matched Mike's thrusts, slamming his cock into my ass over and over until finally with a loud, shuddering groan, he came.
Mr. Decker stood up, he still erect cock jutting out in front of him. He helped me off of Mike and sat me down on the office chair where I slumped lazily. Mike looked like I felt, exhausted.
"You've had your fun," Mr. Decker growled at Mike, "now find your friends and get the fuck out."
With Mr. Decker's tone of voice, Mike obviously knew he didn't want to be told a second time and he pulled himself off of the couch and left.
"Do you have enough in you to take care of this?" Mr. Decker asked, gesturing toward his massive erection. "Or are you too tired from fucking those little boys?" He looked thunderous.
"Of course I'll help you with that!" I said, smiling up at him. I wanted his big cock again, even if I wasn't sure if my body would cooperate.
I slid off the chair and onto my knees in front of him, wobbling slightly. Grasping his cock and sucking the tip into my mouth, I looked up at him. His glare had softened and he now looked at me almost tenderly.
He took his cock out of my mouth, pulled me to my feet, and gently laid me down on the couch on my back. He lifted my legs onto his shoulder and slowly slid his enormous prick into my drenched pussy. The feeling of his flesh touching me instead of a condom made me gasp.
He looked at me with concern and asked, "Are you ok? Are you too sore to do this?"
I smiled at him and grasped his hips urging him forward. "Oh God, no! You feel so good!"
He started slowly, like he was still afraid he was hurting me. With these long, languid strokes, I could fully appreciate the enormity of his cock as I got the chance to slowly experience every inch. I closed my eyes and moaned, the sensation bringing me to a low simmer. I lifted my ass off of the couch slightly and began to rock my hips against him. When he reached down and started to rub my clit, I exploded- my body convulsing into the most powerful orgasm I'd had all night.
"Ohhhhh Goddddd!" I wailed uncontrollably, my toes curling and my fingernails digging into the flesh of his hips. I was incoherent after that, drifting in and out of lucidity, rolling on wave after wave of pleasure.
He bent over me, my legs still draped over his shoulders, essentially folding me in half. Reaching maximum penetration, he took me in long, deep, powerful thrusts. I wasn't sure how much more I could take, my vocalizations were limited to moans and I was totally incapacitated. I felt like I was losing my mind; all that I could focus on was the spot where him and I connected and sensations emanating from that area.
"I'm gonna cum." I heard him growl somewhere close to my ear. I gasped for air as I felt spurt after spurt of hot liquid flood my pussy. The intensity of the moment left me breathless.
"Shit! I shouldn't have done that!" he said, looking worriedly down at my face. "I just couldn't pull out fast enough... You felt so good... Fuck, I'm sorry!"
I mumbled something about being on the pill and, while it made no sense to my ears, he seemed to understand what I had said and looked relieved. That was the last thing I remembered before drifting off.
When I awoke, I was still naked and I was now stuffed into the crack of the couch, the rest of it being inhabited by a bear of a man. My thighs were sticky and I was sore. All over. Then, I heard the noise that must've woken me up. A vacuum cleaner! I propped myself up and looked out the window. Shit! It was daylight! And it was Saturday, which meant the maid service was here to clean the offices. Sure enough, I saw the back of a blond head gliding around the in the conference room. I leaned back down and shook Mr. Decker.
"Mmmm," he moaned, not opening his eyes and reaching for me. "You want more, you little slut? You like this big dick don't you?"
I did actually want him again and I could feel my pussy moisten, but this wasn't the time. "No, Mr. Decker, we have to go! It's morning and the maid service is here to do the offices!"
He eyes opened and I could tell he was just now registering the sound of the vacuum in the other room. He chuckled softly. "Well, I guess we'd better get dressed and get out of here!"
"I don't know what's so funny!" I hissed as I scrambled over him to find my clothes, being careful to stay low to avoid being seen in the office windows.
"Well, if it was a weekday, it could've been the whole crew of guys instead of one Swedish woman and her vacuum cleaner." he replied. He had a good point. He stood up and stretched, apparently not caring if anyone saw, and proceeded to swagger over to his pants. After pulling them on and assessing his cum covered shirt, which he deemed unwearable, he exited the office bare-chested and rang out a cheerful good morning to the cleaning lady. The man was impossible.
I dressed and gathered my things, ensuring that all things vibratory were tucked into my purse out of sight, and I crept to the door, hoping I could sneak out without notice. It didn't happen. Mr. Decker and the cleaning woman were standing near the door to the parking lot. The slender blond woman looked bewildered to be speaking to a shirtless Mr. Decker, and looked even more shocked to see me walk up. She was much younger than I had expected, with clear blue eyes and high cheekbones, her wide mouth parted in an "o" of amazement.
"Ummm, good morning," I mumbled, looking down at my feet. "I'm going to be heading out now," I said glancing up at Mr. Decker before pushing my way out the door.
"I'll walk out with you!" said the chivalrous gentleman who had gotten me into this awkward situation. He said good bye to the cleaning woman- Anna he called her- and exited with me.
I hurried over to my car, fumbling in my purse for my keys when I felt his hand on my arm. I turned to look at him. He looked oddly bashful. It wasn't a look that I was used to seeing on him.
"So I was wondering if maybe you wanted to go out with me sometime... Maybe tonight or next weekend?" He looked unsure of himself and vulnerable.
I smiled. "I can't tonight, I have a date with my tub to try to combat this soreness, but next weekend should be fine."
He face broke into a grin. "Ok, I'll pick you up next Saturday at 7?"
"Sounds good," I replied, sliding into the driver's seat and starting my car. As I drove away, I eagerly anticipated whatever I was getting myself into.