Most of the time I'm dressed as a girl. I am a crossdresser. I only every wear girls clothes even when I appear to be a guy. A black t-shirt and jeans looks male even if the label says size 14 or has a designer name. I normally like relationships with other girls like me. However, I do like sex with men. I call it 'Afternoon Delight'. No commitment, no strings and often no names. This experience is definitely in that category.
There is a sex club in San Francisco that I love to visit. They have an early bird special rate and so I get there at 12:00 noon. I go everywhere dressed as a girl and so I go there fully dressed. I spend as long as I can in the locker room taking my clothes off. I stand there in my bra and panties taking forever to take my watch & jewelry off and packing my locker. I love being seen like that by other customers. Finally, I have to strip. In the playroom, you have to be naked. The only things you are allowed to wear are flip-flops and a towel. Some customer wrap the towel around their waist but I keep it around my neck. I love walking around with my cock on display.
I take a quick shower and then start out in the steam room. Since I took so long undressing, there are usually two or three naked men in there already. We are all semi-erect and looking at each other. The only significant rule is to ask before touching. Now, this does not have to be a full spoken request. It can be as little as a raised eyebrow and a tip of the head, 'Yes' is moving closer, 'No' is turning away. However, as you will come to see, there are situations where the 'Yes' is implicit.
If I get a 'Yes' from someone, I get on my knees and start sucking his cock. The other guys just watch us although sometimes I have felt someone have a feel of my cock but with my butt in the air and giving head is one of the implicit 'Yes's. I love giving head and have been told that I'm good at it. The first guy I sucked started out bosting how he could hold back but he came for me. From there on my destiny was set. I think guys give the best blowjobs because we know how it feels and what feels good. My first girlfriend just sucked it as if she was sucking a Popsicle. Nothing like the way a guy does it.
I love it when a guy wants to suck me. I am careful not to cum. I want a lot of 'Afternoon Delight' before I am ready to cum. I love the feel of a man's warm mouth around my cock. I stroke his hair as he sucks me.
Most people spend a couple of hours at the club and so don't want to cum in the first twenty minutes. It's like wine tasting, going around and sucking and being sucked by multiple guys. So after a few minutes the guy I'm sucking usually gets up and moves on. Sometimes, one of the watches liked what I did and wants some; he will spread his legs as an invitation. I move over and get back to sucking. I love sucking cock. Although I am naked, it still makes me feel like a girl.
After a while, I move on. Next door is a sauna. I look in the window to see if there is anyone in there. Sometimes a couple of guys are doing what I just did. There is no such thing as privacy in this place. I can go in and watch if I feel like it, sometimes I do. After they finish, maybe one of them will want a little more attention. My opening question is usually, 'Would you like a little attention'.
Next, I go upstairs. My towel is around my neck and my cock is semi-erect leading the way. Upstairs are a collection of various couches. But, what I love is the swing. It has chains that could tow a car. I lay back and put my feet up on the chains, with my legs spread wide. I feel totally exposed, which I am. I put the towel over my eyes. I love the anticipation of not seeing what's coming. I lay there and wait. This is another implicit 'Yes'.
I hear people coming and going. Not being able to see, I become more aware of my other senses. I can feel the air move over my naked body when someone walks past. I can hear the tinkle of the locker key as someone approaches. I can tell when someone stops in front of me to look, sometimes I feel a touch. Maybe someone strokes my cock, sometimes I feel lips around it. Afterwards I will never know who did what.
The lube is in dispensers in the same way as soap in restrooms. When I hear the lever being used I know that something good is about to happen. Suddenly I feel someone touching my arsehole. Maybe, I feel a finger being inserted into me. I feel so girly, I'm on my back, being entered by a guy. I am very tight and so starting out with a finger is always a good way to start opening me up.
Sometimes I feel a cock pressed against me. As it slides in, it hurts at first but as I relax, it slips all the way in and I have become a girl. I have no say in the matter. Being on my back with my legs spread wide is an open invitation, the 'ask first' rule does not apply. He can do whatever he likes to me. I love it when he speeds up until I feel him cum. He pulls out and walks away. Later, in the steam room, I could be giving him a blowjob but I'll never know if he fucked me but he knows. My long blonde hair is quite distinctive.
Sometimes I'll lay there for an hour or more. It's intoxicating never knowing what will happen. When I have been fucked a couple of times, I get up and move on. I go to one of the couches and watch porn. There are usually two or three other guys there. We all lay back, casually masturbating, not trying to come, just playing with ourselves as we watch gay porn. Sometimes I smile at one of the guys and tip my head, if he moves closer I lean over and give him a casual blowjob. He doesn't want to cum but likes having his cock in a nice warm mouth. The other guys half watch us between the porn.
Then I go back to the stream room. By now, some guys are ready to cum. As I suck them, I can usually tell if they want to cum. They put their hands on my head and fuck my mouth in earnest. I can feel their climax building. I always try to get it in my mouth. I regard it as a waist if it goes straight down my throat. I love the taste of cum. It stays in my mouth for hours.
Finally, I decide that I need to leave soon and it's my time to cum. When the next guy wants to suck me, I relax and let go, filling his mouth with my cum. Usually, it doesn't take me very long. If I'm lucky he likes to kiss and we deep French kiss sharing my cum.
I shower off and go back to the locker room. I dress slowly to display my panties and bra and then my dress.
Another wonderful afternoon, definitely 'Afternoon Delight'.