Paula was drawn from her approaching orgasm by a thumping on the door of the medical centre. A muffled voice was saying they needed to see someone so open the door. Naturally the idiot knocking was oblivious to the notices showing the place had closed fifty minutes ago, at the same time it always did.
Vince kept thrusting his cock deep into the nurse's pussy bent on filling her with cum as they shagged on the floor behind reception.
Both stark naked they were in no shape to help the drunken fool with the scraped knee and elbow anyway, and would be unable to return to the staff room where their clothes were until the drunk had left.
"If only he could see you now eh?" Said Vince, ploughing on firmly. "Nurse Paula buck naked and fucking a young, black stud, on the floor, in reception, about to get a quim full of cum, and Loving it, the filthy tart."
At that the cleaner had to place his hand over Paula's mouth as she was about to scream out her orgasm and give the game away. Paula screamed into his grip and had one of her better cums. A minute later she came again as Vince shot his cum into her as deep as he could, enjoying the games they played. They had to wait five more minutes for the idiot to leave.
Back in the rest room, Vince idly played with Paula's body as she sat crossways on his lap. "So Eileen wants to know if I have a mate to fuck her does she? What's she like?"
"Like that Victoria Coren-Mitchell but with a sort of serious face, and a wee bit slimmer. She called me and was quite serious about getting laid, and not overly fussy. But like us, no mushy stuff, just sex. She can be a bit, erm, sort of, one of the lads, sometimes."
Not promising, Vince said he would look into it. It seems Eileen was a little rougher round the edges than Paula, less of a lady, but got looks from guys like any big breasted good looking woman. Even in uniform she looked pretty good.
Joe and Marcin, both of Polish decent, were twenty one, tall, fit and scruffy. Both vehicle mechanics, they were nice guys, but as horny as one would expect them to be.
"Coren-Mitchell? That smart bint off the telly? Oh I'd love to give that a few lengths an' make it squeal!" Affirmed Marcin.
"Fuck yes, bit plump but built for good hard shagging. Yes please, sign me up." Agreed Joe. Vince set things up.
On the night, Paula and Eileen met up in a busy pub, and awaited Vince and the candidate. One glass of wine later, and in walked Vince, with a few nights off work, followed by two healthy looking, white young men. Vince nodded and led the others to the bar.
"Fuck Paula, he brought them both, I said one at a time, how can I turn one down and not upset the other one? That might mean trouble."
"No need to panic, I expect there's a reason. Trust Vince." Paula said, defending her man.
After two drinks and some bland intro type chat, Vince delicately leaned toward the touchy subject at hand.
"So Eileen, who are you going to have poke you then?"
"Vince you blundering great pratt, have a modicum of style will you? God you sound like a pimp!" Paula said a bit loudly.
Vince had very much not tactfully spoken to his mates together, four of them. Two were not into granny sex as they put it, so they were out. The other two were in for a look, and so Joe had received the invite a few days later, and, assuming it was for them both, got together with Marcin to share a cab. Subtlety was not the forte of horny studs on the hunt, and an embarrassing situation was a "Them" thing, they just smelled free pussy.
"Don't worry, at least their keen, that makes a change." Claimed Eileen, not really much put out. Since the lads had arrived and were both good specimens, well, maybe...
Paula knew her friend had been popular at college but unaware of her slightly wilder predilections. In the years since becoming single again, and now aged fifty three, Eileen had developed needs, wants.
"So what you need is somewhere to meet and a knowledge of availability," Said Paula, apparently now an expert on secret liaisons. "And, I don't know how you're set, but maybe a code?"
"I have a bed sit in a quiet road, so as long as we don't get too obvious we should be good." Marcin told them. It had been agreed that there was no need to advertise what Eileen was doing as her job may not like the idea of her being a 'loose woman' and bringing scandal into the work place. As for the lads, it would most likely be high fives and well done all round.
A few drinks later the decision was awaited and Eileen was ready to answer.
"How do you guys feel about performing in front of each other?"
By now Vince was taking sneaky strokes of Paula's thighs even though, like the other two fellas his eyes spent a lot of time on Eileen's tits. Well displayed with a tight flared low opened blouse, they had an effect on the lads decision.
"I think I can live with it?" Said Joe. "I'll try not to embarrass him." Marcin came back.
"Alright then, both!" Announced Eileen, a little pink cheeked and warm, and truth be told, a bit moist in a certain area.
Paula gasped, she had never thought of threesomes or whatever. It would give her some thought over the next few days.
Working on the premiss that there is no time like the present, after another drink, (For courage?) the group split up and headed off. Although the temptation was to sit in the back of the cab with the boys, Eileen sat up front and the driver assumed she was the boys mother.
Vince had not drunk any alcohol so he could drive. Paula had briefly mentioned a spark of daring would be good fun, like naked on reception at work, so Vince set off for a nearby motorway and when asked what was going on, told Paula; "Daring, the service station car park looks like a good place to screw you on the back seat. Now undo a few buttons on that frock and show the world Eileen doesn't own all the breasts."
Timidly, Paula opened the top three buttons of her summer frock and then Vince said to take off her bra. While deciding if she should, Paula realised her nipples were rock hard. She removed her bra.
At least two drivers took a good look at Paula as they cruised the motorway and it gave her a tingle. They soon pulled into the services and found a quiet, dark corner.
Vince quickly set to fondling and groping, opening all the buttons on Paula's frock and got his hand in her briefs. She moaned sexily.
"Why bother with knickers and bras Paula? You know it would be easier for me without them."
"You like unwrapping presents don't you? Anticipation an' all that."
"Fair enough, so how about some sexy undies, you can carry that off." He now had three fingers in his nurse's quim and a thumb on her button.
"Oooh, maybe, talk later, screw now!"
Embarrassingly Vince insisted on getting out of the front doors and walking to the rear, a moment of outdoor nudity for her, he still had a t-shirt and trainers on, his shorts in the foot well. All this made Paula wetter than ever. She lay on her back on the back seat and waited to be filled with cock.
"If you wanna get busy boys, take off the clothing and get going. I'm horny." Eileen told them.
Marcin undid the blouse and dropped to his knees to remove the loose skirt. Joe, a little taller than Marcin, reached round from the front and, eventually, unfastened the strong bra and freed the massive breasts into the wide world. Marcin pulled Eileen's panties down and she stepped away. Naked.
Marcin moved in to bury his head in her snatch and tease her mercilessly, noting how wet she already was. Joe plunged into a massive cleavage while twirling both nipples firmly. The plump nurse had an orgasm seconds later.
Paula heard them first. Three voices, one was female, laughing and chatting as they walked past the car. If they saw Paula with her legs wide apart being shafted by a tall dark skinned man, they gave no sign. Paula thought of them looking into the car and watching them and that pushed her into her second cum. Vince had to put his hand over her mouth to stifle the cry.
Eileen sucked hard on Marcin's meat stick as she knelt on the bed while Joe knelt behind her ramming his own meat in as hard as he could. Her first sex in forever and she came hard three times in five minutes. Later she realised the boys would need to be taught some style but for now rough and ready was great.
Within ten minutes both boys had cum too. Marcin gave no indication of cumming until his cock swelled up ready to fire. He grabbed Eileen's head and kept his cock as deep in her mouth as he could. He gave no thought to Eileen at this time, it was his first time cumming in a woman's mouth and it was fantastic. She managed with just a small cough as Marcin cried out;
"Oh fuck yes, swallow that you dirty little nurse you, take my spunk. Yeeeeeess."
Seconds later Eileen came again as Joe also came without any thought for the woman, growling as he filled the best cunt he'd ever had with cum. Both lads knew Eileen had had a hysterectomy after her first and only daughter was born, so for the first time neither had used a condom.
Eileen decided some sex manners would also need to be taught. But later, she had two cocks to reenergise right now, and she needed her tits groping and sucking.
Vince took a minute to breath after he shot his cum into Paula. She had really been turned on with the experience, sort of dogging she supposed, and would definitely do this again. Now if she could just get out of the car without pulling any muscles, or being seen, she wanted a drink.
The following morning the lads were knackered, worn out having come five times each between half eleven last night and nine this morning. The nurse was a demon. The last two cums each were under her as she rode them as if she was on a bronco. Her chest was almost mesmerising as the big breasts leapt about, the power from her gyrations moved the bed and neither lad would ever doubt the sexiness of the plumper woman as long as they lived.
"So it was a good night all in all then P." Eileen confirmed with her friend. "I need to train them a bit but they have stamina and promise. I'm knackered in the best possible way, I needed that. We should get that from the NHS I reckon."
Paula smiled. "Or do you mean give it on the NHS?" They chuckled. "I nearly died when those people walked past but it made me orgasm so much more deeply thinking we were seen that I want to do it again. Even leaving my frock open on the way home was hot, I loved when lorry drivers saw me so much I had to stroke myself until I came. We had almost as good a shag when we got home. You must try it."
Both nurses had lots to think about.