7:00 couldn't come fast enough. Becky and I were going to Fort Worth again. There was only one reason we had for going out of town, flashing.
I had started it. One night there were some boys driving next to us and they were trying to get us to pull over and ride with them. We yelled back and forth for a while but there was no way we were getting with them. They were just ok looking. So I'm on the passenger side and it hit me, flash them and run away. How funny would that be?
I reach back and undo my bra, Becky didn't really notice or I guess she thought I was scratching my back. Next thing you know, I pull my shirt up to my neck and holler at them. Their eyes go wide.
They're yelling back "Pull over. Pull over!"
I tell Becky, "Go, go, go!" and she floors it. I'm dying laughing and she's laughing too. We're both screaming. Finally we pull over and we get to talk about it.
"OMG, their eyes! That was awesome Kelli! I can't believe you did that!"
"Oh Becky, it was so fun. You've got to do it."
"No way! No way!" and she's screaming at me and laughing. We're at the Sonic and people in the cars next to us are staring. I guess we are making a scene. Like it's the first time they've seen loud girls... We start to leave and I figure, why not, I'm on a roll.
I pull up my shirt and do a little wiggle not that I had much to shake, but they appreciate the effort! They honk their horn and give me a thumbs up. Becky is dying over there, she can't believe I did it again.
"Becky, seriously, you've got to try it." We go back and forth a few times, and you can tell she's thinking about it. It's already decided, now I just have to let her argue enough she feels good about it being her idea. A little later, she pulls over and we switch seats.
I'm grinning from ear to ear as we drive around. Fort Worth is about 45 minutes away from Dallas but it's a world apart it seems like. I don't think there are two cities in the world so close together physically but so different socially. We never go there so it was a real wild hair to be there tonight. But here we are in a town where no one knows us, and the night is young.
Her shirt is more fitted, like a dress shirt, so she has to unbutton it and flap it open. She's nervous as hell and keeps arguing with me.
"Do them"
"Nah, maybe the next one."
"How about these guys?"
Everyone I point out she has a problem with. Finally I pull up next to a guy in a mini-van and honk my horn. When he looks over at Becky, she reacts. Whoom, there's the twins!
Her breasts are big and full, and topped off with nice hard nipples I can't help but notice. I don't like girls or anything, but this is my first time to really see her breasts so I notice a few details. I don't know, maybe I like girls a little. Anyway, her boobs were big and jiggly, so when she did her little dance, it was something. His jaw dropped then his face lit up in a big smile. "Go, go, go!" Becky was yelling. I floored it and we lose him in the traffic.
"You see? I told you it was fun!" We spent the next hour rolling around F.W. flashing people before it got too late. We drove back home but promised ourselves we were going back. Since then, we've gone back 3 times and each time has been more fun than the last.
When she finally arrived, I had curled my hair and put on a lot of makeup. My mom noticed of course and started yapping about it. I kind of ignored her and rushed out. "Let's get the party started!"
We had the music up loud and were singing along on the drive over there. Becky was wearing a stretchy shirt like me. She didn't have on a bra and her shirt looked a whole lot different than mine did. Big juicy curves stretching and wiggling every time she moved. It would have been scandalous if we had stopped anywhere. We had decided on doing it this way last time because it was such a hassle messing with the bras.
I could get away with no bra in public if I could keep my pokies down. I wasn't having much luck with that right now though. My nipples were tight and pointy and sticking straight out. It felt really good. I couldn't wait to show them to someone.
We had fun on the way over. We pulled them up and slowly passed a trucker. He gave us three big honks on his horn. Heh, I bet that wasn't all he wanted to give us. When we got past him, we drove a few more miles and another trucker pulls up next to us and stares. I guess the other guy had spread the word with his radio.
We kinda rolled our eyes, it was different to have someone expect it, but what the hell. Flash! There they are!
He gave us a big honk too. We rolled on that way for a while, but it was kinda creepy with all of them expecting it. Half the fun was the surprise it gave people when they saw, so we pulled off at the next exit to get some gas.
The pumps were greasy and messy and it wasn't modern at all. There aren't many places that don't have pay at the pump anymore, but this was that kind of place. We notice the small hand-lettered sign on the corner of the pump, "Cash Only." They had a few cars they were working on but that didn't keep them from checking us out when we walked in. Gross. There was no way we were using the bathroom here.
The guy was flat-out staring at Becky's boobs. He was hypnotized. She was probably 38DD with no bra so yeah, it was noticeable.
He was deeply tanned and rugged in a "working man" kind of way. He'd probably clean up ok, but who really cares? Just give us our change and let's go. I wish we hadn't stopped but it seemed silly to pull off the highway and not fill-up. "You uh, want to give me your phone numbers while you're at it?"
"As if" I said while Becky said, "Ok."
He gave me a mean look but then turned to Becky with a smile. She rattled off some numbers that weren't even close to her phone number and smiled back at him as she turned to leave. We barely made it to the car and shut the doors before dying laughing. She scolded me for getting an attitude with him and she was right, it was a lot easier to just make up a number.
Becky starts the car. I see them all looking up from their work, staring at us and I had to do it. I quickly raised my shirt, pressed them up against the window and wiggled them around, making this "I'm having an orgasm face."
Then the car died.
It started. It died again, and again.... I'm screaming at Becky and looking back and forth at her and them, her and them, while the car just sits there. The air in the car smells funny, like stinky gasoline. Enrique, or whatever his name is, starts a slow walk out from the office.
"Go Becky, go, you've got to go!"
"It won't go! I don't know what's wrong."
Tap tap tap on my window. He's standing right next to the car.
I refuse to roll down my window or look his way. He waits a while as Becky cranks and cranks on the starter.
"You put diesel in it." I hear from outside. "It's not going to run."
I look up at him in horror. He looks down and smiles. I shrink down in my seat and cover my eyes. "Call someone!" I say out of the corner of my mouth.
We both start speed dialing friends to get them to save us. Of course, no one is anywhere near. That was the idea. We were going someplace far from our friends.
Most make up some excuse about why they can't come help us. I finally force a guy to cancel his plans and come get us, but he's at least 30 minutes away if he leaves now. And he's not leaving now.
The guy starts tapping on my window again. "There's no need to be unfriendly. Come out and be as nice as you were a minute ago. Well, you, you could be even nicer." he says, looking directly at me. I still have my hand over my eyes and try to ignore him, but out of the corner of my eye, I can see him standing there.
Becky breaks. "Is there any way to fix it?" she asks.
"Oh sure, that's what we do here. We fix things, but I'm sure you remember it's cash only."
I guess I ran through the implications first but Becky wasn't slow to follow. I could tell when she got there by the way her face went white.
She knew we didn't have enough cash for a car repair and she knew what the only other currency was that they might accept. Us.
"We don't have enough cash." she said, starting the dance.
He smiled down at her. Jamon, the name tag on his shirt said. "Perhaps you could pay us the way your rude friend paid us."
Becky looked over at me, horrified. "You didn't."
I shrugged and hung my head.
"Oh yes, she was quite friendly when you tried to leave. It was rather surprising considering how rude she was in the office earlier. A less friendly man might think she was teasing him."
Becky looks at me, at him, at me and makes a decision. She pulls her top up.
This wasn't a fleeting hurried flash at 60 mph or a quick lift of her shirt, this was a "Here they are, stop and stare a while" look.
I looked too, it was impossible not to. Her dark nipples were taut and you could see each little bump on them. They moved with each breath and for a moment, no one said a thing.
"Beautiful, te amo" he says. The guys from the garage are rising from their places and wiping hands on greasy rags as they walk over. Becky's eyes are shut as she endures their scrutiny.
I can't help but feel bad for her as she pays the price for my crime. I hear the muttered approval of the guys as they examine Becky much more carefully than I do.
"And how about your bitchy friend?" My heart drops. This is going from bad to worse. I look at my watch. 3 minutes have passed. It's going to be a long time until someone arrives.
I look over at Becky and mouth, "I'm so sorry" to her.
I lift up my shirt and feel a betraying rush of wetness and tingling into me pussy. It was like a zoo in reverse, with the animals on the outside staring in at us. My hard nipples told them I loved it.
I felt so disgusted with myself for the thrill I received from showing myself to them. The knowing smirk of the leader as he watched me surrender to his will. He was used to having his way with women. He had something about him.
I saw growing throbbing penises stretching the zippers of all the guys. The formed a loose semi-circle around the front of the car and they watched us.
My nipples were like rocks as I watched each heart beat send blood into them, watching them pulse and grow. One reached down and adjusted his, freeing it to spring straight up in his pants. One on Becky's side stroked his through dirty jeans, priming himself for pleasure.
And outside my window, Jamon looked down on me patiently. "Anything you would like to say, my little one?" I looked up into his eyes.
"I'm sorry" I said.
"Sorry for what?"
"For teasing you. And for being a bitch earlier."
"Then you are forgiven, my dove."
He is smiling down on me. "No one touches this one. She is mine." he says and looks from man to man getting their nod of agreement. Becky's heart leaps into her throat but he soon says, "Or her. Do not touch her either."
"Unless she asks you to."
Becky had felt relief when the leader included her in the "no touch" group, but she had to admit, she also felt something when he mentioned her asking them to touch her. They were so damn manly and hungry for her.
Disappointment fills the face of the other men, but after looking hesitantly at Jamon, one guys unzips his pants. He pulls out a raging hard on and gives it a slow pull, then another. Jamon looks at them and shakes his head, but boys will be boys.
Two men walk around to Becky's side of the car and jack off looking at her big pillowy breasts. My breath is catching since you can't help but watch. They begin to say words we can't understand and soon big white globs of cum are arcing across the windows, windshield, and across the car. Their bodies heave and buck as they cum and cum. My pussy spasms in response and I feel a new wave of shame roll across me. Desire fills me.
They slowly subside and begin breathing again as they tuck their softening penises back into their dirty jeans. The leader has patiently remained at my window all this time.
I reach over and hit the window button. Cool air rushes into the car replacing the sex-filled hot air we hadn't realized had filled the car. Jamon leans down and whispers in my ear. I whisper back.
Becky unrolls her window and begins a soft conversation with the two men at her window. I see them reach into the car to touch and squeeze her tits. Soon, their phones come out and they all type. She gave them her real number.
About 20 minutes later, a familiar car rolls up behind us and my friend Garrett steps out. He doesn't have any idea how to fix it but calls a wrecker and says he'll give us a ride home.
He opens Becky's door and frowns, wiping his hand on his pants. "What the hell is all of this?" he says looking at the cum on everything. Neither of us says a word but just gather up our stuff to leave. Garrett stares openly at Becky, or Becky's braless boobs, but we're beyond shame at this point. We just want to go home.
Jamon is staring at me but I don't say a word or look his way. As we drive away, I ask Garrett to take me home first. I say it's because Becky's dad may have questions about the car, the wrecker company, where it happened and all that, and I just need to get home.
It's not a big deal so he does it, then takes Becky home. As soon as his tail lights go round the corner, I get in my car and drive back to Fort Worth, to Jamon. Just like I had whispered I would do.
I'm sure Becky will try calling me soon but she'll believe I turned my phone off. After all, we've had a very unusual night.
Maybe someday I'll tell her how the night ended.
*
(Maybe someday I'll tell YOU how the night ended. If you liked this story, leave a comment and I'll write more!)