I'd like to thank you all for the reception this story has been given. Glass Houses is a retelling of my first erotic story I post years ago on another site. To the best of my knowledge that version is no longer out there, but if this seems familiar, you might have run into it back then. All mistakes are mine. All people, places and institutions are made up, this story in no way reflects reality and any similarities to it are coincidental. Enjoy.
*****
Chapter 06
Kimberly didn't stop running until she reached the back door of her house. She avoided the front one, not wanting to get stuck talking to her grandpa. He would be in the living room watching tv from his wheelchair, and while she loved him, she needed to be alone right then. Bones was waiting for her, crowding the other side of the door so hard she could barely get it open. Then taking off toward their room, looking back impatiently to make sure she was following.
Closing her door, she threw herself down on the bed, Bones flopping down beside her almost before her body settled. Throwing a leg across him, she hugged his neck while he did his best to lick her face. "You won't believe what I just did." She told him, she couldn't believe it herself. She had sucked Samuel's cock! It had been a day of interesting things, but she had been dreaming about him for almost a year, since that first day when Bones dragged her over to meet him.
Kimberly didn't know that many people, her home life had made it impossible for her to make friends when she'd been in school. She loved her grandparents, but she'd known that anyone she brought home with her would run right back to school with tales about them being pot smoking nudist. And high school had been hard enough without getting teased about their lifestyle on top of all the other crap that was dished out. So she'd been quiet and kept to herself.
But Samuel was different, he always had a smile for her. And he was so good-looking, a real man. He was the one she thought about when she rubbed herself at night. Just having him wave at her from down the street made her feel warm inside, so she liked to walk Bones when she saw him out in his yard.
Then the girl had shown up. She'd seen her over there at his house all this last week. It had been horrible. She'd had to stay away, afraid they would be introduced. Something that couldn't happen, she would never be able to keep the girl from discovering all her family secrets if she was staying right down the street. So she had kept her distance, praying for her to go away.
Then today, she'd seen how the girl was teasing him, and it had hurt. Yet she hadn't been able to stop watching, wishing she was the one doing it. But the girl was really pretty, and girls like that could tease men. Kimberly didn't have any tits to use, her grandmother could tell her she was just unfinished all she wanted to, but it was small comfort when there were girls like this one around.
When they had gone inside, she'd figured the show was over and had dared to take Bones passed the house. But the girl had come back out, and it was pretty obvious she was trying to be sneaky. When it became clear what she was up to, Kimberly hadn't been able to help it, she'd just known that Samuel was in there naked, and it had drawn her closer before she could stop herself.
The girl hadn't even noticed her and Bones standing right behind her, watching as she began playing with herself. And she'd noted with interest that the girl hadn't had any panties on. The nudity hadn't been anything new and she masturbated quite often herself, but seeing someone else do it, that had been different. Fascinating even.
Almost without thinking about it, she had taken a seat in the yard and watched, torn by the realization that the girl was even more beautiful than she'd let herself admit. Bones had been happy to chew on his leash as she had struggled to keep her breathing quiet, the girl's fingers stirring the delicate little pink lips between her legs, making Kimberly wet as well, making her wish for the second time that day that she could take her place. That it could be her fingers that glistened and slid so softly over the frilly pink folds.
Then the girl had dropped from the ladder and caught her and Bones watching, her green eyes huge with shock that had quickly turned to fear. Kimberly had tried to think of something to say, but she'd only paused for a moment, before running and disappearing into the house. While Kimberly had had to dig in her heels as Bones tried to chase her, and it was over.
Still sure that the girl had been watching Samuel, she had climbed the ladder hoping he was still doing whatever had caused her to masturbate so openly. And there he was, her fantasy lying on the bed naked, no, better than that, he had been lying there with a huge cock all covered in cum. She had stared at it, wishing she could taste it, she had often imagined having his cum in her mouth while watching videos on the internet. Had wondered what it would really feel like to have his cock in her mouth, that cock, so long and thick, way better than what she had always pictured.
He'd been wiping himself off with a towel when Bones had decided he was bored. He wanted to go, so he'd just yanked her off the ladder, and for the first time she could ever remember, she had been mad at the dog. But he'd had enough of being in one place and she had little choice but to go with him. She'd pretty much just let Bones drag her around for a while, lost in the memory of Samuel naked and covered in cum, while the dog found and marked all his favorite spots.
In fact, the whole episode had kept repeating in her mind, and she couldn't blame the girl for peeping on him and playing with herself. She would have had her hand in her own pants if Bones hadn't interrupted her. And he had such a nice cock. The memory of it made her feel dizzy with need, and she'd wanted to burn the image into her mind, to make sure it would be there the next time she dreamed of him.
Whoever the girl was, she'd felt a connection to her after witnessing her act. A strong attraction she had never felt with anyone else her age. Maybe it was because she knew something secret about her, something as damning to her as Kimberly's own secrets. For the first time, her desire to know someone seemed stronger than her fear. To have someone her own age to confide in, to share things with, the idea had made her ache inside, made her eyes tear up. Maybe she could have a friend.
About the time Bones had dragged her home, she'd seen Samuel come back out in his yard, and when he'd looked in her direction she had waved. Feeling an inner glow as always when he'd waved back, that ever-present smile on his face. Sighing, she'd taken Bones in the house and let him off his leash, planning on going to her room.
"Is that you Kimmy girl?" She'd heard her grandpa call from the front of the house, and though all she had really wanted to do was go to her room and rub one out, she'd turned and slipped back out the door. From the smell of it, he had just gotten stoned, and there had been a real danger of getting stuck listening to his stories for the next hour or so.
She'd gone back out to the road, knowing Bones wouldn't settle down until he sensed she was gone, her mind trying to grasp the idea of having someone her own age to talk to. And the more she'd thought about it, the more urgent the need had felt. The girl seemed to be open sexually, the way she'd flirted with him all morning, so surely she wouldn't judge Kimberly just because her grandparents were a little strange.
Samuel had been carrying the ladder around back when she'd made up her mind that she needed to talk to him. She needed to find out more about the girl, maybe she was only there for the summer. That thought hadn't suited her needs any longer, but it had bolstered her resolve, so she'd ducked through their car port in search of him, knowing from past observation that he had a small work shed where he kept his tools.
She hadn't seen him at first, her attention focused on the shed. Only when he'd made a little grunting noise had she swung her eyes in his direction. Then he was there, his cock exposed to her for the second time in less than an hour and it had all just seemed so unreal. She had spent months imagining him in a hundred different scenarios, knowing there was no chance of any of them coming true, and yet there he'd been again, and his cock, the target of all her speculations and longings.
There hadn't been any window between them then, no dog pulling her away. Before she had even considered what she was doing, she'd been beside him, her hand wrapped around the exposed head of his cock. It had been just like in some of her dreams of him, taking him by surprise. Her voice had come out sexy, the practiced flirtation of a hundred rehearsed encounters with the man seeming to flow from her mouth. Now as she thought back on it, she couldn't believe the things she'd said.
He'd been startled, and she'd felt a brief surge of power at the fear in his eyes. Then she'd seen the hole, and she'd known even before she looked that the girl was in there, that he was the one peeping that time, it was almost poetic. She had teased him about it, made him squirm, had felt like she was in control for the first time in her life. She'd told him to return to his entertainment, just to feel that control, thrilled when he'd obeyed her.
The idea of him watching her through the hole had made her wish for it. Even as she'd started stoking him, marveling at the feel of his cock, the length of it sliding through her hand. She'd done just that many times in her dreams, and had had many fantasies of sucking on it. So with it in her hand, she'd had to know, had to feel it in her mouth, and she'd dropped to her knees and had done it.
She'd expected it to be harder, more intrusive, but while his shaft was solid in her hand, the head of his cock was soft. It had seemed to mold itself to her tongue like a big marshmallow. It had been warm and salty, like sweat from her upper lips on a hot summer day, and it had been him, the memories of his smile filling her heart as she'd let herself get lost.
Too soon he'd tried to take it back from her, to pull it from her mouth, but she had held him tighter. Had protested, and he had cum. She'd felt him swell, then her tongue had been bathed in thick fluid. And the realization of what had happened had galvanized her, all the times she had dreamed about that instant, about him, about her Samuel cumming in her mouth, it had happened.
The taste hadn't really changed, there had just been more of it, the sweaty flavor filling her mouth, but it had been hard to swallow, so thick she'd had to work it to the back of her throat before it would go down. She had loved the way his head had swelled and the feel of it pumping the cum on to her tongue. There had been the sense of power again as she'd heard him sigh, felt him drain into her.
Then he had lifted her, handled her like a child. He had stripped her of her power in an instant. His mouth had been demanding, his big hand covering her nipple. It had been too much, she hadn't wanted to feel that way with him, he'd always been her safe one. Her gut had clenched when he'd said he needed to see her naked, that he'd wanted to have her. She'd been ready just moments before, but he had scared her, so she had found herself pleading with him.
It had been a close thing, she had seen it in his eyes, there was a moment when he had been going to do it, to use her. But then he had been Samuel again, the man who always had a smile for her. Though now that smile would never be the same.
She'd run home after that, after telling him again that she wanted to meet the girl. Too many things, too many sights crowding her head for her to make sense of it all. She realized too late, that she hadn't even found out what the girl's name was, let alone if she was going to be there for long.
***
From what she could see in the mirror, Misty was going to be happy with the three-inch platinum extensions she was having done to her hair. She knew she should have just gone with a less expensive weave, since she would probably change hair style or color long before a weave became a problem. But there was just something she hated about those, and she was feeling like being pampered, so extensions had seemed like the ticket.
For the most part she was happy with the current blue-black color and the cut of her hair. What she didn't like, was not being able to wear dark clothing without looking goth, and goth made her feel like one of those woman who tries desperately to feel young by dressing young. She had no problem with her age, in fact she was damn proud to look as good as she did at twenty-seven.
There was something restful about being in a salon, it always seemed to sooth her spirit. The racy banter tossed around was usually good for a few laughs, even if most of it was so outrageous you knew it was made up. The temptation to tell them about her run in with the deputy was giving her a wicked little thrill, but she'd decided to keep quiet as a red-haired woman started telling everybody about a cruise her husband had booked for their anniversary.
Enjoying the whole atmosphere of it, but not really caring about the current topic. Misty let her attention drift out into the food court. That was one of her favorite things about this particular salon, the way it looked out on the endless bustle of the food court. In a very real way, you could experiences most of what the mall had to offer by watching the people clustered around those small tables. Watching as families came together and showed each other the treasures they found. The latest fashions of every age group paraded through that court, displayed on every body type imaginable.
As she watched a group of young girls around one table stealing flirting glances at a group of boys from another, their excited giggling obvious even from her seat in the salon, Misty relaxed. The familiar routine helping to bring her out of the dark mood she had felt trapped in. Well, it could also be the two glasses of White Zinfandel wine she had sipped since starting the extensions.
It wasn't the young man that caught her eye, it was the three teenagers that were harassing him. The biggest of them had grabbed his book away and was obviously ridiculing the owner about it, while his two cronies laughed. The whole thing played out like it had happened a dozen times before. And it was obvious the trio didn't expect any retaliation or even real effort to be brought against them, nor did they get any.
Misty was just beginning to squirm and thinking about pointing the three of them out to the salon manager, when they got bored and tossed the book into the nearest trash can, then headed deeper into the mall. She watched as he retrieved it and settled back at his table, noting that he didn't look fazed by what had happened, and despite herself, she felt a kind of kinship with him. There was something in the way he shrugged what had happened off, that spoke to her inner need to move on, to except what life gave her moment by moment.
She studied him for a while, he was tall, but it was hard to fix his height now that he was seated again. His face wasn't too bad either, he had a nice square jaw, and big dark eyes. She decided that it was the long straight hair that made him seem so thin, it was hard to look past it and see the potential. Hard to see the way those features would fill in as he matured. Having seen it before, she was sure he would grow into a very handsome man. It just hadn't happened yet.
From the length of his hair, it was obvious he hadn't had it cut since he'd been a young teen. It reached almost to the small of his back and was probably a matter of pride for him, but the more she studied him, the more she wanted to see what he looked like with a short cut.
"All done." It took a second for those two words to register on Misty's mind, and her focus on the young man in the court must have been obvious, for as she looked at Ashley, the salon manager slash stylist who had spent the last hour on her hair, she found her looking at him too. "I see you've noticed Simon." Ashley said, a slightly rueful smile on her lips.
"You know him?" Misty asked, eying the petite blond in surprise.
"Every girl in here has tried to cut that hair," She laughed, "he won't even consider it. I've offered to do it for free more than once, but he just kind of grins and shakes his head." Shaking her own, she went on. "To tell the truth, I'd pay him to sit for me at this point. There's just something, I don't want to say innocent, because that's not it. It's more like there's a calm strength about him that masks some great passion that just needs to be set free." And she sighed, a look that Misty could only interpret as frustrated longing on her face.
Misty turned back to look at him again, the obvious lust of the stylist shining a different light on her earlier opinions. She could see it, he had that whip cord leanness that usually lent itself to good stamina. And he was just awkward enough that he might still be a virgin, an untapped well of young male testosterone, the idea made her just a little wet. And that hair, she supposed it proved he could commit to something, but it didn't fit him as well as he apparently believed.
"You have time to cut it now?" She asked Ashley, glancing at her and receiving a nod. "Is there anywhere a little more private than this?" Misty asked, a rather naughty urge making her damp pussy tingle.
"We have two rooms for special appointments, I can do a cut in one of them if you want." She answered, looking a little puzzled at the question.
Misty looked her over, she had sat for the girl many times and felt a certain amount of openness from the stories shared about Samuel and the various boyfriends Ashley had spoken of in the last two years. She had virtually no tits, just small dark nipples that Misty had seen glimpses of at almost every sitting. It didn't take a very big gap in the neck of her shirt to display them. It was actually something Misty was a little envious about, as she would love to be able to flash people so subtly. To make up for this lack of bosom, she had a very nice rounded bubble butt. All in all, Misty had always found her quite sexy.
Deciding she wasn't ready to start exorcising her impulse control again quite yet, she fished her visa out of her purse. "Settle the extensions and book one of those rooms," she told the girl, "I'll be right back with your client." and she winked at Ashley, taking her skeptical look as an added challenge.
Standing, Misty took a quick look in the mirror and decided the new extensions were just what she'd hoped for, and nodded at Ashley's raised eyebrow. Grinning, she stepped out of the salon and headed toward his table. She had decided she wanted to push things a little, see just how far the lust she had seen in Ashley's eyes would allow her to go. She was feeling reckless and hungry again.
"Hello Simon, I'm Misty, can I ask you a personal question?" She asked him as she slid into the seat across from him. His eyes were startling up close, almost a gun-metal gray with just a hint of surprised interest in them. He's an old soul she thought, and knew she was going to do whatever it took to light those eyes up with need.
"Sure." Was all he said, closing his book and setting it aside, she glanced at it and wasn't really surprised to see the Jimi Hendrix story Electric Gypsy. It kind of fit the picture of him she had already formed.
Looking him dead in the eye, she asked her question. "Has anyone ever sucked your cock?" and felt a surge of triumph as his cheeks colored nicely.
He looked at her for a long moment, as if trying to decide if he should take her seriously, then shrugged, "Not yet." he admitted. He did have an air about him like Ashley had described, but it wasn't unshakable. She could see the tension in him now, like he was afraid to hope but couldn't help it.
Toying with the top button on her blouse, she nodded towards the salon where she could see Ashley standing in the doorway watching them.
"You let Ashley there cut your hair," she told him leaning closer and dropping her voice. "and I'll suck your cock while she's doing it." He swallowed and she could see the brief battle rage within him. When he nodded, she felt her panties flood. Smiling, she took his hand and led him to the salon. Almost laughing at the surprised look on Ashley's face.
"Simon has agreed to let you cut his hair," she told her, and pushed the little blond gently into the salon ahead of her. A hush fell over the place as Simon entered, and Misty saw naked lust in more than one of the looks directed at him. She squeezed his hand reassuringly, and Ashley seemed to get control back as she re-entered her environment.
"First things first." Ashley said, steering them to one of the sinks and motioning for Simon to take a seat. Leaning him back she began wetting his long hair. "Just how did she get you to agree to this?" she asked him, and Misty was impressed by the way she hardly even blinked at his answer.
"She promised to...," he started to tell her, then stopped, his cheeks flushing bright red as he looked at her like he was afraid she would spoil the deal for him.
"I see." She said, running her fingers through his heavy hair, making sure it was thoroughly wet, before wrapping a towel around it and sitting him up. "I guess we better move this into one of the private rooms then." and she motioned towards a short hall at the back of the shop.
The room was larger than Misty had expected, with a chair that would be right at home in any gynecologists exam room. Having Simon take a seat, Ashley threw a drape over him and fastened it around his neck. Then pulled the towel loose and started fluffing his hair.
Misty watched this for a minute, trying to gauge how to approach without being too much in the way, then just settled for kneeling on the floor between his legs. He stared at her, the cool front he had worn in the food court gone, the inexperienced young man about to get his cock sucked for the first time staring down at her. She slid her hands along his legs, going up under the drape to rub him through his jeans.
Damn, she thought as she found his growing bulge. It felt like he was big. She traced the shape of him as it continued to inch along his leg and felt her stomach do a little flutter. She gripped him as well as she could through the jeans and slid her hand along his length a few times, feeling it swell and straighten for her.
Glancing up at Ashley, she found the stylist watching, one hand holding a lock of Simon's hair, a comb poised in the other, any thought of starting the cut forgotten as she watched Misty's hands move under the drape. Wanting to see the girls reaction, Misty undid his jeans, and being careful to hook his boxers also, she drew them down his legs. She didn't have to watch his lap to see when his long cock sprang free under the drape, the way Ashley jumped and the look of wonder in her eyes and the way she leaned toward it were enough.
Finding the pants to be in her way, Misty pulled then all the way off, taking his sneakers with them. The light cloth draped over his lap was tented obscenely as she settled back into her place between his legs. And reaching under it, she wrapped a hand around his cock, or actually almost around it, as her finger didn't meet. She stroked it a couple of times, watching both Simon, who had his eyes closed, and Ashley who was still frozen in place. The idea of torturing the stylist by keeping the cock covered with the drape, warred briefly with her own need to actually see the prize she held, and lost.
Taking hold of the edge of the cloth with her free hand, she flipped it back to expose one of the nicest cocks she had ever held. It was at least nine inches and thick enough she could barely touch her middle finger and thumb together if she squeezed it. It had a prominent vein running along the side of it and was circumcised. The swollen head of it looked almost too big to fit in her mouth. If the deputy had Yoda in his pants, Simon was packing Vader around, she barely managed to not say the Luke I am your father line out loud, but couldn't totally stifle the giggle it caused.
She placed her other hand around it, and was amazed to still see several inches left uncovered. "Well shit." She couldn't help exclaiming, then leaned in to take as much as she could in her mouth. His head filled her, her lips only an inch or two down the shaft before she bottomed out. She could manage to get Samuel's cock into her throat, just. But there was no way this one was going to fit, the head was just too massive.
Working her tongue around the huge crown, she started stroking his shaft, and looked up at him as he jerked in the seat and let out a groan. It seemed that Ashley had decided to play too, for when she looked she found the petite blond in a furious lip lock with Simon, the hand that had been holding the comb now resting on his stomach.
The wanton passion that radiated from every quivering inch of Ashley made Misty's own lust surge in response, and she took Ashley's hand, guiding her fingers to his shaft. Giving her room to stroke him as Misty concentrated on fulfilling her part of the deal, while watched the two of them connect. Misty milked at the head of his cock, sure that she was seeing two people who had been longing for each other for a long time. She was tempted to leave and let nature take its course, but the size of Simon's cock was just too much temptation to pass on. Besides, none of this might ever have happened at all without her, it was like they were marionettes at the end of her strings.
The idea of being the puppeteer, of orchestrating things again, sent a new thrill down her spine. Unable to resist the idea, she let him slip from her lips and stood, stepping around behind the two of them as the blonde's hand naturally lengthened its stoke on his cock. Sinking her fingers in the girls short blond hair, Misty took a firm grip on it and pulled her head back, pressing herself up against her as Ashley let out a gasp and tried to look at her.
"You want that cock?" Misty breathed into her ear, her free hand going to the top button of Ashley's shirt and popping it open, followed by the next and the next. "it's Simon, and it's your chance. Look at it, so fucking big, can you handle it?" with that her shirt was open, the last button released and Misty grabbed Simon's near hand, sliding it up Ashley's front until it rested over one of her nipples.
"Oh God." Ashley cried softly, her hand redoubling its pace, making Simon respond with a grown of his own.
"You know you wanna suck it." Misty told her, reaching around and taking a grip on Ashley's free nipple, tweaking it. "Say it, tell him you want that beautiful cock in your mouth."
Simon's eyes were wide now, staring at her hungrily as his finger plucked at the small nipple Misty had given him.
"Yes." Ashley gasped, her breathing pained and ragged as Misty continued to pull on her hair and the other nipple.
"Yes what?" Misty asked quietly, her lips right against the petite blond's ear.
"Yes, I want his cock," She panted, turning pleading eyes towards Misty, "I want to feel this cock in my mouth, I want to taste his cum and feel it coat my fingers as I stroke him."
"That's better," Misty told her, sliding her hand up to grip Ashley's jaw as she leaned in and kissed her, finding an eager tongue thrusting back at her advances. She held the kiss for a dozen heart beats, then pulled back to look into Ashley's half-shut glazed eyes. "Do it." She commanded her, releasing her hold on her hair and watching along with Simon as the stylist took her place between his legs.
"Tell her to suck it Simon." Misty told him, slipping in behind the chair and leaning in by his ear. "Don't be so quiet," she whispered, "Let her know what you want, she's at your feet, a beautiful little slut that's hot for your cock, tell her what you want her to do." and she trailed her nails down the side of his throat to the fastening of the cloth, peeling the velcro open and pulling it from him.
Ashley was crouched between his legs, both hands wrapped around him, her tongue running lightly across the underside of the head, a feral hunger in her eyes as she waited for him to comply.
"Oh God Ashley, please" His voice was husky and soulful. "Suck it, I wanna see it in your mouth, I've imagined it so many times." His voice dying out as she did it. For a petite woman, Ashley had a wide mouth that normally lent itself to a devastating grin, but now Misty watch in envy as she engulfed the massive head of his cock with ease.
Misty slid her hands down his torso, feeling the lean muscles flexing as Ashley worked on him. In reverse of what she had done to Ashley, she unbuttoned the bottom of his shirt first, slowly working her way up, spreading the shirt to show a cut six-pack of abs. His chest was hairless and beautiful, his nipples so small and light in color they almost didn't exist.
Dragging her nails lightly up his belly, she nuzzled against his ear again. "You see that little slut?" she breathed in his ear. "See how she loves your cock, how does it feel?" he groaned in answer, but that wasn't good enough, "Tell her." She insisted, nipping his ear gently with her teeth. "Let her know how good you feel, are you close? Are you going to feed her a big load of your cum? Tell her damn you." and she raked her nails a little harder across his chest, leaving faint pink welts behind.
"Oh God Ashley," He groaned. reaching down to stroke her hair like a prized puppy. "So good, it feels so good," Misty grinned and stepped back, he would learn, with a body and cock like that, he would be a lady-killer soon.
Feeling entirely over dressed, Misty heeled out of her sneakers and slid her shorts down over her ass and off, the air-conditioned chill in the room feeling refreshing on her wet cunt. Letting her shirt fall on top of her shorts, she circled around behind Ashley, her hands cupping her own breasts and pinching her nipples as Simon spotted her and the corners of his eyes crinkled along with a goofy grin.
Moving in behind Ashley, she gripped the collar of her shirt and peeled it back, pulling until Ashley let go so the sleeves could slip loose. Dropping it, Misty knelt behind her, her tits mashing against the slim back of the smaller blond. Sliding one hand around to reclaim the tiny nipple, she slid her other down into the elastic front of Ashley's Capri pants, finding her so smooth she had to have been waxed recently.
Ashley's clit was a hard little pebble about the same size as her nipples, and her slit was positively sopping. She shuddered and groaned around the cock in her mouth as Misty slipped two fingers easily up inside her, pumping them as she used the edge of her hand to rub her clit.
"You're a wet little slut, aren't you?" She whispered in Ashley's ear, her fingers pulling hard on the nipple and Ashley began to tremble in her arms. "Grab his balls, are they heavy? Are they full of cum for you? Can you taste it? Are you going to swallow it?"
Ashley's breathing was raspy and labored, Simon's balls in one hand and her ass grinding back against Misty in urgent need. Tears ran down her face adding to the fluid coating her fingers around his shaft, as her tight little box began contracting on Misty's fingers and a high-pitched cry tried to burst passed her sealed lips.
"That's it you bitch, cum for me." Misty hissed into her ear, working the two fingers even faster inside her. "Suck that nasty cock and cum all over my hand, I can feel you milking my fingers, you're so tight and wet, just think what Simon's big cock would do to such a tight little hole, stretching it as his long thick shaft drove that beautiful head deep into you, as he ripped you apart." Ashley's head jerked and she made a gurgling sound in her throat, and seeing a flood of thick cum escape the corner of her mouth, Misty realized that Simon had lost it.
She watched as Ashley clutched Simon's cock, her mouth-watering as she saw the petite blond letting all that cum run down his shaft to coat her fingers. Simon's hips jerking, lungs huffing like bellows as he continued to pump his cum into her mouth. Her little pussy was gripping Misty's fingers so tightly, that she was afraid to move them, worried she might injure the smaller woman.
Misty felt her own orgasm hit her out of nowhere, it was so spontaneous she didn't understand what was happening at first. It was like a flood gate opened and a bucket of cum splashed the floor beneath her. Her head went fuzzy for a second, a cold chill running up from her toes and adding to the dizziness she felt. It was like the hand of God, a baptism of pure lust. Falling backwards to the floor, her rigid arms drew the small blond down on top of her.
They both lay there panting and shivering for a time, then Ashley rolled over and locked lips with her. It was a lazy lovers kiss, an 'Oh God, that was good but now I just want to hold you' kiss. Misty could taste the cum on her tongue and sought to trap it for a second.
"You two okay?" Simon asked, and Misty realized he had repeated it at least twice, turning her head toward his voice, she found him kneeling beside them, a hand hovering just short of touching either of them. Taking the hand, she drew him down with them, Ashley rolling to the side a little to include him in their huddle.
"Perfect." Misty purred in answer to him then kissed him for the first time. Her hand sliding down his body to grip his semi hard, cum covered cock.
They lay there for a while, each of them exploring and kissing the others. Simon taking Misty's nipples between his lips, nursing at each for a long moment, then moving on to Ashley's. Misty stroked his cock, thrilled as it quickly got hard again, her fingers gliding easily along the shaft as his cum worked into the skin. Squirming out of the bottom of the pile, she left the two of them kissing as she knelt over his cock and took it in both hands. His size still amazed her, and after seeing how much cum had come from it, she needed to feel it, needed it to fill her aching cunt.
Throwing a leg across his body, she wedge the head between her lips and slowly sank down on it. "OH Fuck!" Simon cried as his head popped through her tight opening. And she had to agree with him, he was so big, not just long, but thick. The head of it felt like she had a whole peach wedged inside her. She had to stop for a moment, to get used to it.
Opening her eyes, she found both Simon and Ashley staring up at her, "OH Fuck indeed." she gasped at them, and tried to grin. She let herself settle slowly and they both dropped their eyes to watch as his shaft disappeared inch by inch. She had about half of him when she had to stop again, and she already felt full. Samuel had a nice cock, better than average and he was good with it, but this cock, it could ruin a girl.
"So big." she panted, "Your fucking cock is so damn big Simon." blowing out all her air just trying to make room, she let herself go, the last few inches of his cock reaching up and bumping her heart, or at least it felt like it. She froze again when she settled on his thighs, knowing she truly had the monster all the way inside her, and concentrated on getting a few ragged breaths while her vaginal walls tried to adjust to him.
The last time she had felt this full, it had been her uncle Peter's cock. She knew Simon was way bigger, but the comparison still struck her, and like then, she felt herself get lost in it, let the cock buried in her tight cunt take command of her every sense. It was the center of her world for a time, like she only existed to shelter it with her body. Slowly she began to rock on it, a low tuneless humming building in her throat as she loosened up around it and felt more of it begin sliding through her lips.
Teeth on her nipple brought her out of it. Her eyes popping open to find Ashley in front of her, gripping both of her breasts, her mouth latched over the right nipple as she suckled and nipped her. Feeling a moment of confusion, Misty glanced down to see that Ashley had shed her Capris and was straddling Simon's chin, her hairless little mound grinding on his mouth.
When she knew she had Misty's attention, Ashley sat up and slid a hand behind Misty's neck to draw her down for a hungry kiss, the girls wide lips all but engulfing Misty's own. Then drawing back, she locked eyes with her.
"Your so beautiful Misty," Ashley told her quietly. "I've wanted to feel these tits for years, you have no idea how many times I have loosened my collar so you could see my nipples and just maybe reach up and cop a feel. I've prayed that you would come in for a wax, so I could see you, so I could have a reason, any reason to touch you." the sincerity and longing in her eyes filled Misty's heart, and she leaned in to give her a tender kiss.
"Any time you want me." Misty told her, "In fact, I'd like you to meet my husband." and she realized it was true, the idea of sharing this sexy little blond with Samuel was very exciting. Then she was clinging to Ashley, her head on her shoulder, as Simon took her hips in his strong hands and started pounding his huge cock up into her.
It was pain and pleasure, the way he filled her, he seemed to leave her hollow as he pulled out, only to stuff her again and again. It felt like he was a yard long as it rode over her swollen clit. Her thighs burning from the strain of holding her balance as he pounded into her, her lips stretched thin around his shaft.
Then everything stopped. As he drew her down one final time, his beautiful cock buried to the balls in her tortured cunt. He froze, his fingers gripping her hips painfully as she felt the cock in her swell, the massive head lodged somewhere around her lungs seemed to double in size then the whole shaft jumped and she felt a flood of warm cum wash through her.
Throwing her head back, she started to groan, but it quickly grew to a wail that just got louder and louder until Ashley clamped a hand over her mouth. The orgasm that swept through her, turned her insides to jelly, so much cum, hers and his was flowing from her that she absently wondered if he had split her open. Maybe she was going to bleed out impaled on him, she really couldn't care right then, as she rode out one of the hardest orgasms of her life. It was almost painful as her muscles wrenched at her insides.
If it wasn't for Ashley, she would have collapsed long before it was over. But the blond had hugged her body to Misty's and held her tight, one hand covering her mouth as Misty's trembling body shook through the waves of painful bliss.
"Oh lord honey, I gotta try that." She said into Misty's ear as she finally sagged against her spent. And Misty started giggling, feeling on the brink of hysteria as Simon shrank inside her, a flood of liquid running from the junction of their bodies. "Oh yeah, you do." She assured the little blond.
They both climbed stiffly off of Simon, his soft cock pulling from her, then lay down to either side of him, cuddling and laying their heads on his shoulders.
"That was beautiful Simon." Misty told him, kissing him on the neck. "You have no idea how many girls are going to want to ride that cock of yours." and she sighed.
"I know I do." Ashley chimed in, stretching and reaching down to take hold of his now limp but still impressive appendage. Simon let out a grown, but he was grinning from ear to ear.
Looking over at the stylist, Misty pointed a finger at her. "Don't forget you have to cut his hair." and she grinned as Simon groaned a little louder. "Unfortunately, I have to get going," She continued, doing a little groaning herself as she sat up. "I have an hour drive to get home and I think it's time I got started." Ignoring their protests that she should stay, she leaned down and kissed first Simon then Ashley one more time, then climbed to her feet and went looking for her cloths, praying that Samuel wouldn't want to fuck her before she had a chance to shower.
Using the drop cloth as a rag, she cleaned herself as well as she could, then pulled on her shorts. Looking back from the door, she saw that Ashley was on top of him, his semi hard cock in her mouth once more as he gripped her fine bubble butt and had his face buried in her crotch. Misty was still doing up her shirt buttons as she left the salon.