The last of the water circled the shower drain, pulled inevitably into the opening at the bottom. The hot, dry summer evening made using a towel almost unnecessary. Nevertheless, Dean dried his hair and face, then left his bathroom naked, his long, thick penis bouncing off his thighs as we walked to his bedroom.
The afternoon he had spent installing the gate between his and Andrea's properties had been invigorating. He smiled and shook his head with incredulity, barely able to believe what had happened, or what he had done. Andrea had been sunning herself in her small backyard as he worked, her tiny bikini top barely clinging to her breasts.
Dean walked to his desk and picked his phone up, scrolling through the pictures he had taken. There she was: her breasts exposed, the loose strings and cups of her bikini sitting loosely across her tummy. Her nipples poking out obviously in the open air, capping the soft swells of her pale breasts. His engorged cock was in the foreground of the next photo, hanging above her vulnerable body like a flesh baton, pointing at her pretty, serene face.
He felt a thrill as he recalled almost cumming on her as she lay there. He would certainly have been caught if his hot cum had splashed down on her tits and face. How in the world would he have explained that?! But he suspected she knew. That she watched him the whole time, making no objection, no move to indicate that she was awake. "You did handle your tool quite well. I enjoyed watching," she had said. Yes--she must have known.
When he was leaving, she had kissed him, pressing her topless body against his. He had felt the hard nubs of her nipples on his chest. Smelled the tanning oil on her skin. And when she touched his lips with her fingers, he had smelt and tasted her musky, womanly aroma. The same fingers that had been inside her only moments before. Andrea knew exactly what she was doing. It was a tease. And it had worked.
The master bedroom of Dean's house was at the back, with a small balcony. He was pleased when he had discovered that Andrea's bedroom was also at the back of her house, facing him. He fished a clean pair of boxers our of his dresser, put them on, and walked onto his balcony, scanning the back of Andrea's house. It was dusk now, and the light was falling fast. He noticed two windows on Andrea's upper floor were lit: her bedroom, and her bathroom. He couldn't see her in either.
Frowning, he returned to his room and picked his laptop off the desk. He sat in a chair on his patio and opened a browser window.
The first day he had met Andrea he had noticed that she was a member of the same erotic fiction website that he was, and had written her a private message. He had told her that he liked her stories and would like to chat with her some time to exchange ideas, or just have a casual conversation. His profile gave nothing away that might tip her off to the fact that it might be him.
When he logged into his account, he saw to his delight that she had replied to his private message. Hastily clicking into the short message, he read.
'Hey there! Glad you enjoyed my stories. Would love to have a chat sometime. Come and find me...''
Below her message she had given her email address and username where he could reach her on instant messenger. Dean smiled and rubbed his hands together, then logged into his email and im, adding Andrea and writing a quick message. 'Hi sexy, thanks for adding me. Hope we can chat soon.' At the same moment, he saw movement in the corner of his eye. Across the way, a light went out in Andrea's bathroom. He watched intently, then saw her slender form enter her bedroom. She had floor to ceiling windows, like him, but no balcony. Her curtains were wide open, providing a fabulous, unobstructed view of her bed.
Dean set his laptop down and scrambled into his room, turning off his bedroom light and fishing through his closet to find his binoculars. He sat back out on his balcony, put his laptop on the table, and peered through the binoculars into Andrea's room.
She was dressed in a thin white tank top and pink cotton shorts. She strode across her room to the window, looking out. The distance between his place and hers was not far, and even without the binoculars Dean would likely have an excellent view of Andrea's young, lean body. With the help of the binoculars though, he could see the faint bumps of her nipples poking through the thin material of her top, the smooth skin of her thighs, the white trim on her shorts.
She raised her hands to tie her hair back in a ponytail, her firm tummy being briefly exposed. Her eyes looked straight out into the evening. It felt to Dean like she was looking straight at him. He lowered the binoculars and stared back, motionless. After a moment, he waved his hand. No response from Andrea. He waved again. Still nothing. He decided it was probably too dark for her to see him. Was she looking for him? he wondered.
Eventually, Andrea turned and walked to her desk. She picked up her laptop and sat on her bed, reading the screen. She began to type. Dean's computer alerted him to an incoming message.
'Hi there, you around?' it read. What luck! Dean thought. He quickly replied to her.
'Hey! Yeah, just chilling out at home. What are you up to?'
'Same, just relaxing on my bed.'
They chatted for a short while, just casual conversation; what brought them to the adult literature site, about their stories, small facts about each other, physical descriptions--becoming friendly, building a rapport. Soon, the conversation veered to things more sexual.
'I noticed some exhibition/voyeur themes in your stories. That must be a turn-on for you.' Dean wrote.
'Oh definitely. I'm actually a fairly shy person, but the thought of watching and being watched really gets me going.'
'Have you ever done anything like what you write about?' Dean asked.
'Maybe ;)'
'Oooh really? Do tell :)'
'Haha, well... there's this new neighbour that moved in near me. He's singe, and very attractive. I've been showing off a little for him.'
'Naughty girl,' Dean replied, chuckling to himself. He wondered how much she would tell him. After all, he thought, as far as she knows I'm just a random stranger.
'I haven't really done anything like that before. It got me really worked up. In fact, my room faces his, and my curtains are open right now. For all I know he could be watching me right now, lol.'
'Oh my god, what a lucky guy! And what might he see right now, if he was watching?'
Dean felt his cock stir in his boxers, and looked into Andrea's room again. She was smiling, and turned to look in his direction for a moment, before looking back at her computer screen.
'Cheeky! :P Well, he'd see me sitting on my bed, wearing a tank top and short shorts. It's quite warm this evening, no need for too many clothes. And since it's just me in my room, no need for a bra either.'
'Mmmmm, I like that visual,' Dean wrote, then enjoyed the visual first hand. 'I'm getting turned-on just thinking about it.'
'Me too, hee hee'
'Maybe you could give him a little show,' he suggested.
'That's so naughty! Practically the whole neighbourhood would see me!'
'I think that's kinky. Imagine all your neighbours... young men, old men, watching you take your clothes off'
'Omg... '
'What? Doesn't that turn you on?'
'Yeah, of course it does. I've just never actually done something like that.'
'There's a first time for everything, darling ;)'
'Haha Ok, what would you have me do?'
'Oooh, I get to command you? Hmmm... why don't you stand up and turn around. Start by showing off your ass.' Dean's excitement grew. Was she actually going to do it?
'Ok, just a sec'
He saw Andrea slide the laptop to the edge of the bed closest to the window, then stand up. She bent over to type.
'Ok, I'm standing now. Bending over to type, showing off my ass.'
It was a fine ass indeed. Her short shorts just revealed the soft curves of the bottom of her buttocks. Dean pulled his waistband down and released his penis, softly stroking it a few times.
'Mmmmm, nice. Now pull your shorts down. Do you have panties on?
'Yes, a thong. Ok, here I go.'
She hooked her thumbs in her waistband and very slowly slid her shorts over her sweet ass. As her perfect bottom was revealed, she looked over her shoulder as if watching him ogle her tight ass. She pulled her shorts down her toned thighs until they fell to the floor, and she stepped out of them.
'Shorts off. Omg... I'm so nervous! My heart is beating so fast.'
'Damn, honey, that is so sexy. I bet your neighbours are all watching you intently now. Why don't you tease them a little more? Take your top off.'
'Hmmmm... ok.'
She stood straight and crossed her arms, taking the bottom of her shirt and pulling it slowly over her head. She shook her ponytail free of the top and tossed it aside, running her hands down her sides and over her bum.
'Topless now. Just my panties left.'
'Oh wow... is it getting you hot? Showing off for everyone to see?'
'Mmmm, yes. My heart is racing, and I'm so wet!'
Dean gripped his cock more firmly and stroked it, catching glimpses of Andrea's side-boob, loving the way her panties disappeared into the crack of her perfect ass.
'That is so sexy. I'm nice and hard right now picturing you as you display yourself in your window.'
'I hope you're stroking it.'
'Of course, baby. Now how about you take those panties off?'
'Omg, yes. I'm going to peel them down over my ass.'
'Wonderful. Don't bend your knees, just bend at your waist. Let everyone see your beautiful ass.'
'Mmmm, yes baby'
Dean looked through his binoculars for the spectacular reveal that was to come. Andrea hooked her thumbs in her panty waistband as she had done with her shorts, and began peeling them down over her bottom. Dean stroked his cock as it enlarged further, throbbing with the inflow of blood. He watched the thin material come loose from between her ass cheeks as her asshole and pussy came into view. Andrea was smoothly shaven, and Dean swore he could see her moisture glisten on her pussy lips through the binoculars.
The panties finally dropped to the floor, Andrea's hands clasping her ankles as she revealed herself. She held this position, giving him a divine view. He ached to fuck her like that. He groaned as he jerked his cock faster.
'Are you naked now, baby?' he asked.
'Completely naked. I bent over nice and low so everyone could see my ass and pussy. God... I feel like such a slut!'
'Oooohh yes, hun. I bet it makes you feel so horny, acting like a little slut. Spread your ass cheeks for everyone. Show them what they're craving.'
'Yes honey, I'm so turned on. Ok, I'll spread my ass for them like a little slut. I'll make their cocks throb for my tight pussy and ass.'
'Oh fuck yes.'
Her fingers splayed across her buttocks, she pulled them apart, spreading her legs slightly, to give Dean a marvelous view of her tight little rosebud asshole and cute, smooth pussy. He moaned.
'Oh god baby, I want it. Now turn around, show them a full frontal view of your hot body.'
'Yes sweetheart. I'll do as you ask. I wonder if the men watching are stroking their dicks like you are.'
'I can guarantee it, babe.'
'lol. Ok, I'll do a little show for them.'
She turned around and ran her hands over her body, caressing her breasts, sucking her fingers, stroking her thighs, touching between her legs. She was swaying and gyrating as if doing a strip tease, her hips rotating, her shoulders rolling. Dean's cock was so hard it felt like it would burst. He was consumed by thoughts of being with Andrea. He moaned again when she pressed her breasts up against the window and began fingering her pussy.
'Those lucky bastards. It's not fair that I don't get to watch. But my imagination is going crazy.'
Andrea stopped her dance and opened a drawer in her bedside table. She retrieved something from it, then moved her laptop to the floor next to her as she sat down right in front of the window, her legs spread wide.
'I'm glad, honey. I hope you're jerking off thinking of me. I think I'll have a little fun too. I got my vibrator out.'
'Mmmmmm wow, you're going to masturbate for your audience? Many men would happily pay for that privilege and you're giving it to them for free!'
'Yes, that's because tonight I'm the neighbourhood slut.'
'Indeed you are, baby. What sort of vibrator do you have?'
'It's a big long one. What would you like me to do with it?'
'Mmmmm, fantastic.... I think you should start by sucking on it a little.'
'Mmmm yes sir ;)'
Dean brought the binoculars to his eyes again and watched as Andrea turned the vibrator around in her hand, tipping it up toward her face. She kissed the tip several times, then swirled her tongue around it. She then turned her head to the side and held the vibe up pointing at her face, her hand tightly gripping it. She slowly slid her lips over it and began sucking, her head bobbing with a steady rhythm as her hand simultaneously stroked it in and out of her mouth.
He squeezed his cock and sighed as he admired her bobbing head in profile. Her other arm was behind her for support, and her b-cup breasts jutted out invitingly, her nipples appearing hard as diamonds. She pulled the vibe from her mouth and traced it over her chest.
'Too bad this isn't your cock in my mouth.'
'You really are a naughty tease, darling. Now, turn it on and rub it on your nipples for me.'
'Ok.'
She twisted the bottom of the vibrator and moved it across her breasts, then traced circles around her small nipples. Dean saw her body twitch as the vibe passed over them. Andrea's mouth was open as she watched her own chest rise and fall. She began typing again.
'Oooooh, my nipples are so sensitive. The vibrator feels wonderful on them. It's making me twitch.'
'I hope it's making you wet, too.'
'Already there, hun.'
'Well, no need to stall. Give the perverts watching you what they want. Put that vibe against your clit.'
'Mmmmm yes baby. I can't wait to feel this.'
She parted her legs wide, her knees bent, looking down at her bare, glistening pussy. She traced the vibrator down between her breasts, over her stomach, across her abdomen. Dean swore he saw her body shiver as the tip of the vibe reached the spot just over her slit. Andrea's mouth opened and her eyes closed as the vibe touched her clit. Her body jolted and Dean saw her titties jiggle. Andrea's chest rose and fell rapidly as she slowly leaned back and stroked the vibe along her slit. She began to type with her spare hand.
'Oooohhhh god... fuck, this feels good.'
'I bet you're enjoying it. Showing off like an exhibitionist. I wonder if anyone's taking pictures of you right now.'
'Omg... what if they are?! I'm totally exposed, hun.'
'Then give them a good show. Something they won't forget. I know it's getting you off... just go with it, darling.'
'Mmmmm... yes sir. I'm stroking my vibrator along my slit. I'm very wet... my nipples are so hard... my whole body is tingling.'
'Pretend I'm watching you. Imagine me in my room watching you masturbate in your window while I stroke my cock.'
'Yes, baby... ok... I'm going to put the vibrator inside my pussy. I'm going to suck on it first. Get it wet so it slides easily inside me.'
Dean nearly knocked his laptop off the table as he scrambled to put the binoculars to his eyes. Andrea raised the vibrator to her lips and gave it several long, deep strokes into her mouth before positioning it at her bare pussy lips. She used her other hand to spread her labia wide as she guided the tip of the vibe inside her velvety depths. Very slowly she eased the toy into her pussy, her mouth open and her eyes closed. She stroked it in deep, then out again, glistening with her juices. She began a slow rhythm as she fucked her pussy.
The strokes of Dean's hand unconsciously matched the strokes of Andrea's vibrator into her opening. She put her hand behind her again as she arched her back, her eyes fluttering as the pleasure overtook her. It seemed her whole body moved and writhed with the stroking of her toy. It was clear she was enjoying the stimulation. Her eyes peered out into the darkness, undoubtedly seeking a glimpse of the men who may be watching her. More than once, she seemed to look directly at Dean, as if she could see him. It made him slightly unnerved, but it did not stop him from ogling her as she got off on her toy, nor did it cause him to stop jerking off.
After a few minutes, Andrea turned to her laptop and typed.
'I'm going to turn around now. I'll bend over and fuck my pussy with my toy as if I was being fucked from behind with all those hungry cocks of my neighbours watching me out there. I hope you're still jerking off, baby.'
'Mmmmm, yeah, show them your beautiful ass. And yes, of course I'm still masturbating for you!'
Andrea withdrew her toy and turned so she was kneeling, facing away from the window. She put her one leg up as he saw the vibrator appear below her pussy. She wasted no time in re-inserting it deep into her cunt, and Dean saw her buttocks flex as it penetrated her. She looked over her shoulder as she quickly stroked the toy in and out of her wet hole, biting her lip and flicking her ponytail as her body jerked, enjoying the pleasure her toy and exhibitionism was giving her.
After another few minutes, Andrea wrote to him again.
'Baby, I'm so close to cumming. I want you to cum with me.'
'I will, hun, just keep fucking that toy and I'll cum with you. Fuck it deep and hard for your audience. Show them what they all wish they could be doing to you.'
'Aaaahhh yes, omg... so hot!'
Andrea put her face down against her carpeted floor. Dean could see her rosy cheeks and lips in the shape of an 'o' between her legs as her hand became a blur, fucking her pussy hard and fast with the vibe. He saw her other hand stroke across her buttock and spread her ass cheeks. He could even see her pussy juice that had dripped down onto her asshole.
He was now stroking his cock as hard and fast as Andrea was stroking her toy into her juicy cunt. It would not be long before he came. Andrea's body writhed and bucked, her ass bobbing in the air, looking so sexy and inviting. He wished he was there. He wished that toy was his cock. He wished Andrea would invite him over and they would have wild, passionate, unbridled sex all night, right there in her window.
It was a quiet night, and Dean swore he heard... very faint, barely audible... yes, it was a woman's high-pitched moans of ecstasy. He could hear Andrea!
This was enough to put him over the edge. Dean grunted and gasped as his cock spurted a huge load out onto his patio, just missing the table and laptop. He watched Andrea as her body seemed to become rigid. He saw her toes curl and watched her mouth open. Faintly, he heard her scream. She was cumming too. Dean jerked several spurts of thick, hot cum from his cock as he watched Andrea's orgasm, her legs trembling, her hand pushing her toy inside her pussy a final few more times.
Eventually, her body relaxed and she removed the vibrator. She moved until she was sitting up, kneeling on the floor facing the window.
'Oooohhhh fuck that was good :)'
'Mmmmm, it was for me too, baby.'
He saw her smile and put the vibe into her mouth, sucking her juices off it in a slow, lascivious manner. Dean squeezed the final few drops of cum from his softening cock as they dripped over his fingers. Andrea turned to her laptop on the floor and picked it up, carrying it to her desk. She was typing again.
'I hope my neighbours enjoyed the show. Especially you, Dean ;)'
His jaw dropped. He froze, not daring to breathe.
Andrea appeared in her window again, naked in all her glory, her cheeks still aglow with post-orgasmic rouge. She smiled and put her hand to her lips, then blew a kiss and winked. She turned and--still smiling widely--closed the curtains.
It was long before sleep finally reached Dean, whose mind was still going in circles wondering: how did she know?