Yuri smirked. "Hey, cutie! It took you a while to get over here, didn't it?"
Alex stood in the doorway of the cottage, still covering himself, embarrassed. Yuri had her dress back on, and Alex felt humiliated being the only naked person in the room. "Please let me get dressed..."
Yuri laughed. "Fine, fine, come on in."
Alex stepped inside and put on the clothes laid out for him- some cozy boxers, shorts, and a plain t-shirt. He then looked around. Cozy wooden walls, some furniture, a stone-and-brick fireplace, shelves, a small dining table for two, a door leading to a bathroom, and a small TV screen... a pretty modern cabin, yet with a rustic feel.
Alex sighed happily, plopping down in a plush-looking seat facing the table. "Now THIS is a vacation..."
Yuri sat down across from him and set down a deck of cards. "Wanna play a game?"
Alex smiled. "Aw, you know I love games, but I always win! It's no fun like that..."
Yuri shrugged. "Since you're so confident... how about we make it more fun? Strip poker, and the first one naked loses- the loser has to do whatever the winner says all week..."
Alex paused. As good as he was at card games, Yuri seemed awfully confident, and he knew that she got VERY horny when she got control in the bedroom.
Not that he minded that at all...
Alex shook the intrusive thought out of his head. He wanted to win! Getting to have his way with his stunningly beautiful girlfriend would feel so good... He dealt a hand for himself and for Yuri, and looked at his cards.
Alex sighed internally. A terrible hand- no starting pairs, low numbers, etc. He didn't let it show on his face, though- He had an idea.
Alex smiled. "Man, what a great hand! You'd need at least a flush to beat this! I won't trade in any of my cards."
Alex hoped that would convince Yuri to take a big risk and exchange a lot of cards.
Yuri shrugged. "I'll keep all my cards, then. I have a flush!"
Yuri revealed her hand- all clubs.
Alex cursed, revealing his terrible hand.
Yuri clapped her hands gleefully. "Heehee, alright! Take off that shirt!"
Alex looked down, blushing. "Do I have to? I just put it back on..."
Yuri smiled. "Take it off."
Alex sighed, slowly lifting it off of his body. He wasn't muscular or chiseled at all- he was soft, girlish, and lithe. He covered his chest, embarrassed.
Yuri teased him. "Aww, feeling shy?"
Alex muttered, "Shut up- next hand."
Alex was considerably more lucky during the next round, and was easily able to defeat Yuri. Alex pumped his fist in triumph, and Yuri just giggled as she lifted her dress over her head, proudly revealing her perky C-cup breasts, now covered up by a lacy pink bra.
Yuri smiled. "Like what you see?"
Alex couldn't stop staring. As beautiful as Yuri was in real life, her dream body was utterly stunning. Her hair seemed to playfully caress her body as she rested her hands on her hips.
He was so distracted that he accidentally discarded a winning hand in the next round.
Before Alex could say anything, Yuri crawled over the table, jumped on top of Alex and ripped off his shorts. Alex's eyes widened as Yuri kissed him- on the lips, on the neck, on the chest, on the shoulder...
Alex managed to sputter out. "A-ah... we have one more hand- ahh, ah...!"
Yuri's hands wandered down towards Alex's boxers, where his penis was straining against the fabric.
Yuri kissed the bulge. "Aw, what a cute lil' tent... too bad I can't take off your boxers..."
She stroked the bulge gently with her fingers, making Alex squirm and moan.
Suddenly, she stopped. "Welp! Back to the game~"
Alex couldn't think straight. He wasn't covering up anymore- his mind was in a fog, and his hand was idly playing with his dripping cock...
Yuri giggled, playing her hand. "Full house! How about you?"
Alex barely registered the question, staring at Yuri's chest. "A pair..."
Yuri looked deep into Alex's needy, hazel-colored eyes. "You know what that means, right?"
Alex nodded dreamily, taking off his boxers.
Yuri laughed. "Gotcha."
She swiped all his clothes, opened a hatch in the floor, and climbed inside. Confused and surprised that he didn't notice the hatch before, he hurried and climbed down after her.
Alex gasped in shock as he saw the basement. It was a fully equipped sex dungeon- manacles on the walls, a St. Andrew's Cross, shelves full of every sec toy you could imagine...
Yuri tossed Alex's clothes in a chest and locked it.
Alex protested. "Wha- gimme back my clothes! You're not gonna keep me naked all week, are you...?
Yuri pinned Alex to a wall. "No talking back. You're mine all week. Your clothes, your body, you mind, even your needy little dick... all mine..."
She took out a collar from behind her back- a black leather collar, with Alex's name embossed on a good heart dangling from it- and clasped it around Alex's neck.
Yuri whispered into Alex's ear: "Behave, Kitty."