This is a continuation of my "Lioness" stories. I had intended a one off when this started. But a request for more got me thinking. Enjoy.
__________________________________________________________________
There are several things that excite me. Sailing on my Sailboat, eating fine food, a beautiful sunset or sunrise, soul moving music, and of course my Lioness. When I can combine any of those together then it is wonderful. Some days there is a wonderful conjunction of several of my "favorites" in life, Sailing, Sunsets, and the Lioness.
I am steering the boat in the light breeze. The 10 knot winds move us along briskly. The Sun is shining but the air was comfortable and relaxing. The motion of the boat is gentle. You come up out of the cabin. At the sight of you I glance around the horizon to make sure no one is near us and flip on the autopilot. You were wearing soft billowy harem pants and no top. Your breasts were proud and alluring. They swayed as you step up and move toward me. You straddle my lap and sit down. We hold each other close. Your body is so amazing and perfectly molded to mine
As we hold each other, the water races along side the boat. The wind rustles in the rigging. You take my face in your hands looking deep into my eyes. You mouth forms that seductive smirk and you kiss me. Not a light peck. Not a soft brush of lips, but the hard passionate kiss of ownership and desire.
I am lost and drowning in your heat and passion. In this moment I would do anything you asked. I am surrendered to your hunger, enraptured by your desire, lost in your beauty and passion.
You pull back from the kiss, my lips feel the cool breeze on them as you stand up. Your left hand braces yourself on my shoulder and your right hand lifts your breast. You hold it up as my eyes follow your movement. Your sultry smile dances in your eyes as the wind plays through your glowing hair.
Your index finger slowly circles your hard nipple. Teasing and playing with it as much as you are playing with me. "You want this, don't you." It is more a command than a question. I nod yes as my eyes are locked on your turgid nub and the finger lazily tracing circles around it. The moment seems to drag out. I am focused on you. I see your chest rising and falling with your breathing. I notice how your skin is flushing with your rising excitement. I can almost taste you in my mouth. I am hungry, I do so want you to offer me the ripe delicacy you are wantonly displaying before my lust filled eyes. "Look at me," you say and I glance up at your face, tearing my eyes from the two perfect breasts I have become lost in.
Your eyes hold mine in their smokey gaze, and I feel like we are seeing deep into each other. I feel you hand slide from my shoulder to the back of my head, and you pull me to you. You guide your hot flesh into my mouth, and my heart races. I close my lips over the delicate offering and gently suck you into my mouth. My tongue circles your nipple. My lips kiss your areola, and I pull as much of you as possible into my mouth. I hear a moan escape from your mouth. Both your hands grasp my head and hold me on your breast. It isn't like I am trying to get away, but it is wonderful to feel you guiding and directing me. I look up and see your head thrown back, hair streaming in the wind, eyes closed, and a look of pure satisfaction playing across your face. You shift with out looking down and pull yourself from my mouth and turn slightly to offer me your left nipple. I greedily lock onto it and devour it's succulent goodness. I love the taste of your skin, the firmness and softness, the heat of your body. I am consumed with the desire to service you and bring you all the pleasure you want.
You lean back as now I am holding you around the waist as I continue to worship your body with my mouth. I cover you with kisses. I lick under your breasts slowly dragging my tongue over your sensitive flesh. I turn from one to the other lavishing them with love and adoration. My teeth gently drag across your sensitive nipple. I playfully nip and nibble. I feel your body responding to my supplications. Your breath becomes labored and your hands pull me closer to you.
You pull your nipple out of my hungry mouth and squat down on my leg. Your hungry mouth returns to my lips as you crush me in a passionate kiss. Our tongues dance and spar as we share the desire burning in each of us with the other. Your grind your sex down on my leg. I feel your heat on my bare leg through the soft, diaphanous material. My own sex groans and stretches against my shorts in response. Your body is riding me as it builds itself. Your breasts damp from my kisses brush against my chest. Your nipples are tickled by the hair on my chest as you push yourself forward. We are lost in each other's embrace and desire.
As our passions rise, my body responds to yours. My cock aches to be released and plunged into you. My hands run up and down your back. My left hand slides up your neck, and my fingers tangle themselves in your lustrous hair. I love the feel of it between my fingers as I twirl it around. I gently pull you close as you continue to hump against my leg. I enjoy knowing that you are using me for your pleasure. That I can please you and satisfy you. Your hunger flows through your body and out onto me. You suddenly pull away and stand up. Your moisture has saturated your pants, and they cling to your mons. You step away and turn your back to me, dropping your pants in a quick, subtle move. You bend over, grasping the cabin top and exposing your damp, flushed pussy to my hungry eyes. You look over your shoulder at me. "Take me, fill me with your cock. Fuck me!"
I rise and drop my shorts to the floor and step behind you. My hard cock bobs in front of me and leads me to its desire, you. I step up close behind you, grasping your hips. I rub my cock against your glistening vulva, coating it with your juices. You groan and push back against me. You move your hips, trying to sink onto my cock. My throbbing head slips between your swollen folds and catches on the entrance to your grotto of passion. I thrust forward and slide into your waiting pussy. The heat of your sheath surrounds my rod as your lubrication allows me to slid all the way in. I bottom out and my balls, heavy and full swing forward slapping against your clit. We both cry out in relief and desire as I settle deep within you.
My hands hold onto your amazing hips as I begin to thrust into you. My cock fills your pussy as I push deep inside you. Each thrust brings a grunt as I go deep inside you. You push back against me driving me deeper. Our thrusts back and forth settle into a rhythm. I can hear our bodies smacking together and the sound of your juices sloshing around my cock as it slams into you. You dip your arm down and begin to rub your clit. Your fingers fly back and forth pushing you towards the climax of pleasure. I feel your fingertips brushing against my shaft as I continue to pound into you. "Fuck me," you breath. I reach up with my left hand and grasp your billowing hair. I gently tug you back towards me in time with my thrusting. I grunt as I push deep inside you. You gasp, "Yes, that's it, fuck my pussy. Fuck me."
I plow deep into you on each thrust, "take my fucking cock," I pant. Oh I love to fuck this tight little pussy. I continue to talk, "Take it baby, take all of it. Cum on my hard, thick cock!"
"I'm going to cum baby," you cry as your body begins to shake. "CUMMING!" you wail as your orgasm overtakes you. Your fingers have driven you to the edge and over. I feel your pussy clamp down hard around my shaft. You hand presses down on your clit holding the orgasm out. I feel you shake and release your hair, grabbing your hips to keep you upright as a spasm causes you to jerk and your leges start to lose the ability to hold you up.
Your climax pushes me over the edge into my own orgasm. My cock swells in the tight grip of your velvety walls and jerks as it erupts inside you. I hold myself deep inside you filling you up. My balls empty themselves in jet after jet of hot cum. My body twitches like yours does in the throes of pleasure. I collapse onto your back as tremors of pleasure wash over us.
"Don't move" you say as you reach back holding me inside you. Our bodies slowly relax together as we linger at the back edge of our climax. We bask in the afterglow of perfect pleasure. The sun warms us and the wind plays across our bodies. Our breathing slows down as we gently slide down from the peak of pleasure.
You push up from being bent over and my softening cock slips out of your pussy. Our mingled juice drips out. You reach between your legs and gather some of it up in your fingers. You turn and look at me, locking me in your gaze. You lift your fingers to your mouth and suck them clean. You reach down again and fill them and offer them to my lips. I suck your fingers into my mouth tasting our mingled cum together. As I lick them clean you smile. We wrap each other in a full body hug, and you nestle your head into my shoulder. I sigh as we hold each other and let our heart rates slow together. Bliss...
The sound of the ship horn deafens us as it blares close by. I jump and turn towards the sound. A power boat about 20 yards away flies past. The people on the boat have a clear view of our naked bodies and know what we have been doing. They laugh and wave. The captain driving the boat salutes. All I can do is throw a salute back to Him. I glance at you as you wave back as well. There is no shame, in us, just the joy of living.