Disclaimer: All the characters in the story are above 18 years of age.
Deepa woke up in the morning of the third Monday of the lockdown, stripped off all the clothes from her body and threw them in the laundry basket which was overflowing with her previous dirty clothes. She had a strict rule of wearing one set of clothes per day and never repeat it unless they were clean.
Deepa was alone in her two bedroom flat in Mumbai. She had been in Mumbai for the past two years working in an IT company as a consultant software engineer. As soon as the government announced the nationwide lockdown due to the Covid-19 pandemic, her other three flatmates had left for their respective hometowns as quick as possible. But Deepa belonged to a different state, not like her other three flatmates who got easy transportation to their hometowns. Before she could plan to go back to her hometown, all the interstate movement was restricted only for goods and medical emergencies. She was left with no choice but to live alone in her flat.
Deepa had always been too lazy to wash her clothes and that's why she kept a wardrobe which could last for a month without washing, even if she didn't repeat a single item.
"You just have to put the clothes in the washing machine and add the detergent powder and let the machine do the washing," her roommate Rima used to say.
"Yeah, but the real pain is when you have to take out the clothes and hang it on the rope to dry," Deepa would say with a sigh.
That's why she had her clothes, including her underwear, washed by a nearby laundry service.
But she didn't have enough set of underwear to last a month, so when she ran out of clean underwear within the first few days of the lockdown, she simply didn't bother wearing them.
"After all, I am alone in this house now," she thought when she had no clean underwear left.
This also led her to masturbate frequently, as she had one less layer of clothing to get to her private parts. Sharing a two bedroom flat with three more people gave her limited privacy for anything, and she used to touch herself only in the bathroom.
After taking a bath that Monday and drying herself with the towel, which she had two of them and the only clothes that she washed in the machine, she opened her wardrobe, and to her utter shock she found that it was empty. Well not exactly empty, the unkempt wardrobe had her discarded cosmetics products, some books and other electronic items like hair dryer, iron box and phone chargers. But not a single piece of clothing was found except some handkerchiefs which wasn't of much use during this lockdown.
She tried hard remembering where did her other half of the collection go. That's when she realised that she had given away her clothes to the laundry service, a day before the lockdown. Usually the service returned the clothes at the doorstep after a couple of days. But maybe because of the lockdown, they didn't have enough staff or they were not allowed to deliver back the clothes.
Now she had only one option remaining, put all the clothes in the washing machine. The thought of taking out the clothes from the machine exhausted her.
"What the hell? I am alone in this house. No one is gonna see me naked," she thought.
With that thought she spent the entire day in her towel, working from home on her laptop. Her towel occasionally slipped off from her smooth body and she wouldn't care picking it up or covering herself at all. She actually masturbated that day while working on her laptop, with no layer of clothing covering her perfect curvy breasts, her light brown nipples and her perfect round ass - she would explore her whole body while sitting in front of the laptop.
During the phone meetings she would double check to keep the phone mute, to not let out any moan, while she fingered her pussy slowly while pinching her nipples. No one in the meeting would know that she was sitting stark naked in her chair. No wonder that day was not much productive for her. She even cooked her lunch and dinner naked. It was a different feeling altogether. Standing naked near the kitchen gas stove, cooking the food while her perfect breasts and her ass jiggled, she never thought that she would ever do this at all. She would occasionally wrap herself with the towel.
The doorbell rang.
For the first time that day she was worried about her lack of clothes. She realised that she had ordered some groceries online - some green vegetables, bread, eggs and milk. She involuntarily wrapped the towel around herself tighter.
"Why didn't I think about the groceries?" she said to herself.
She looked through the peephole to confirm if it was the grocery delivery guy. It was the same regular guy in the same uniform. She opened the door slightly and just peeked out her head from the door.
"Please keep the deliveries on the floor," said Deepa.
The delivery guy was puzzled. Deepa had always opened the door fully and let the delivery guy somewhat inside the doorway to keep the groceries. He was wearing a face mask, but his eyes showed the confusion he was having.
"She might have taken a bath," thought the delivery guy.
But he didn't wanna question anything further and kept the two plastic bags containing the groceries down. As soon as he turned around to walk towards the lift, Deepa opened the door a little wider and picked up the grocery bags. The delivery guy turned around one more time to look back at Deepa's door and was delighted to see her in a towel. Deepa faced straight and stopped breathing for a second. Somehow that caused the towel to slip from her breasts and it fell to the floor, exposing her smooth curvy body in its full glory to the delivery guy. The delivery guy opened his mouth in shock and only after that did Deepa realise her naked state. She quickly tried to cover her boobs and pussy with the two bags she held in both her hands.
"Sorry," shouted the delivery guy and quickly rushed to the lift.
Deepa slammed the door shut after stepping backwards and dropped the bags on the floor. She jumped to her bed in her room and violently began to rub her clit and squeeze her breasts. She was thinking of the pitch tent that had formed inside the delivery guy's pants. She could have invited him inside the apartment and lost her virginity to him. Yes, at 24 years of age, she was still a virgin.
After an exploding orgasm, she remained still, relaxed on her bed. After few minutes she took out the groceries from the floor and the bags and kept them inside the fridge. Fortunately, the eggs were unbroken inside the packet. She began to feel cold as it was almost dark and then she remembered she had left the towel outside the door. She again opened the door slightly to peek out her head and was shocked to see her towel was vanished!
"How is that possible?" she asked herself.
She began to wonder if the delivery guy felt it kinky to take her towel later. But she soon found out where the towel was - the dog from the opposite door had made her towel his mat. The dog used to remain outside his owners' house most of the day. She couldn't walk across the lobby to get to the opposite door and get back her towel. Later that night she wore an apron while washing the dishes. She had never felt the need to wear an apron before that night. It was worn only by the cook who had stopped visiting the house once the lockdown started. She did feel sexy wearing nothing but an apron which covered all the good parts in the front, but the back fully exposed. She even stood in front of the mirror to take a photo of herself in profile, the beautiful knot of the apron resting just above her cute curvy ass, the smooth sides of her hips and the sideboob visibly exposed - Deepa never knew she could look and feel so sexy. She spent the night in the nude, orgasming one last time before she slept.
She woke up in the morning fully covered by a blanket and a bed sheet, as she was feeling colder in the night.
The first thing she did was to check in the wardrobe if she had any extra towel left. Luckily there was towel deep inside the rest of the things scatterred in the wardrobe. She then searched for the laundry service's phone number online as she had never really needed to call them before.
The phone rang for a long time, and just as she was about to hang up, someone picked it up.
"Hello?"
"Hello, is this Sampooran Laundry Service?"
"Yes madam."
"I gave some clothes for the laundry, just before the lockdown started. By the name of Deepa."
"Yeah, Deepa. Yes, we still have your clothes with us," the laundry service owner knew very well about her. Among the workers there she was popular as the girl who gives her underwear.
"Can you deliver the clothes to my flat?"
"Sorry madam, we don't have anyone working currently right now. We had stopped taking orders right after the lockdown and most of the workers here went back to their hometown. But I have your clothes cleaned, pressed and packed with me. But you would have to come to the shop to get it back."
"What?" blurted Deepa looking down at her nude body, "But I don't have anything to..."
She fell silent, realising what she was about to say. But again, it was not a bad idea to let the person know about her naked state. What if he took the labour of delivering the clothes back with hope of getting a glimpse of her naked body. Deepa closed her eyes and shook her head violently as if she was brushing off all the naughty thoughts.
"I was saying that I am alone in the house and was hoping that my clothes would be delivered."
"Sorry madam, I myself can't take the risk of stepping out of the house for some time. Please wait for few days till the whole situation gets under control."
Deepa realised that she wouldn't be able to see her clean clothes anytime soon and hung up the phone. With a heavy heart she dragged the laundry basket to the washing machine and poured her clothes which stuffed the whole machine inside. She poured a whole packet of detergent powder. The machine would take an hour and half to clean the clothes. She took a shower and after drying herself with the towel, threw the towel in the running washing machine.
Before logging in for work, she touched herself again, thinking about how she was gonna live the rest of the day naked. But after logging in something in the work email got her worried. There was an invite for a video call that day and the call was in an hour. The video call was held to introduce a new joiner in the team, who apparently got hired during the lockdown itself. It was decided to conduct the daily scrum meeting in a video call rather than the usual phone meeting.
"The clothes won't be out of the machine in an hour," thought Deepa.
She went to her room and checked Rima's wardrobe. Her wardrobe was made of steel, which was locked by Rima and the key too was taken by her. There was no way she could open it. The other room was locked from the outside, so there was no way to check their wardrobes too.
"I have to wear the apron," she told herself.
She went to the kitchen and picked up the apron again. She checked herself in the mirror and realised that the apron was obvious. The checked pattern on the apron stated that it was an apron.
"I would adjust the phone camera to show only my face and nothing below my neck," said Deepa to herself.
She sat on her work desk wearing the apron, thinking about not touching herself again. But whole situation was making her nervous and at the same time elated. The previous day, she was indifferent as she almost felt essentially alone in her own world, until of course when the groceries delivery guy came knocking to her door and saw her naked. She replayed the moment in her mind again when she stood at the door fully exposed, facing down to look at her small frizzly pubic hair and then at the erection clearly visible from the delivery guy's pants.
She was getting aroused again. She wished someone would ring the doorbell again and she would be left with no choice but to answer the door in the apron. The apron which just barely covered her pussy, which left her whole back bare, with just the knot in the back, above her ass. Her breasts where fully covered by the apron, but the nipples were poking hard against the cloth and side boobs were clearly not hidden. If she just turned sideways to whoever was standing outside the door, he would see the curves of her sideboob, the naked skin at the waist, the perfect arc of her butt.
The email reminder rang and she suddenly realised that she was almost touching herself in a trance. The video call time was in five minutes. She was to show her face, but she didn't need any makeup, she was naturally pretty. But she grabbed a hairband from her wardrobe and tied her long hair back. She soon found out that it was a bad idea. Her shoulders and neck felt more naked now, though it was no different than wearing a tank top.
"It's an office meeting, I can't be like this," she told herself.
She quickly untied her hair and dishevelled it to hide her shoulders. She had nice thick hair, and both sides of the shoulders was nicely covered.
The meeting started and her team of six members welcomed the seventh member of the team. Deepa found him cute. Most of the men and women were wearing T-shirts and she would have worn one too.
"I wonder how many of them are in shorts?" she thought.
Her manager seemed to be looking at his phone screen with squinted eyes. She had a feeling that he was looking at her video. She tilted the phone a little upwards so that only her face was visible in the screen. She then heard a doorbell and she was tempted to get up and get the door. She had her bluetooth headset on so she was not gonna miss what was said in the meeting. Her tilted phone was rested against a hardcover book. Even if she got up, she wouldn't show the rest of her body.
She looked through the peephole to find a lady, of course wearing a mask. But she figured out it was her opposite door neighbour Kavya. She once again, opened the door slightly and just peeked out her head.
"Hi," said Kavya, "I assume that this is your towel?"
Kavya showed her the towel in her hand.
"Yes, how did you know it was mine?" asked Deepa.
"Well, I assumed it belongs to a girl, the towel is so girlish right? And all the other houses in this floor are inhabited by male bachelors or families. Surely only your flat has bachelor girls apart from mine, so I guessed it might be from your house. I thought that everyone would have gone to their hometown by now."
"Yeah, but before I could decide, the inter state movement got restricted. I thought it better to stay here."
"Yes," said Kavya, "Well, here is your towel."
"Thanks," said Deepa quickly extending her hand out from behind the door and snatching it.
Kavya looked in a mood to talk and thus 15 seconds went by without any conversation between them.
"Sorry, I have a meeting going on, I am working from home," she said with a hesitant smile.
"Oh, okay. See you later," said Kavya with a quirky laugh.
She didn't hear anything on her headset as the meeting was over. The washing machine stopped as well and now the real drudgery arrived. With her apron on, she took out the clothes one by one in a bucket and went to the windows near her room to dry it out. The window had curtains and just outside the window there were bars along the width of the window where she could hang her clothes to dry.
Opening the window and stretching out to dry the clothes was not that much of a show, as the outer part of the window was covered by a mesh. She hung all her clothes to dry at last.
She heard the doorbell again and once again her heartbeat was racing.
"Is it Kavya again?" she thought.
She again looked herself in the mirror. She tried pulling the hem of the apron down to cover her thighs. The breasts were fully covered. And the whole back was bare.
She heard the doorbell ring again and she almost rushed to the door. She looked through the peephole and found a man standing. She couldn't figure out who he was, but he looked familiar. She followed the routine of opening the door slightly to peek out her head.
"Yes?" she asked.
"I'm the plumber Hanif, I guess you called me last week," said the guy. He was carrying a sling bag of tools.
Deepa had called the plumber because the tap of the kitchen sink was not functioning properly. It either stopped the flow when turned slightly or would let the water flow at full speed.
"Oh, can you come again later?" she asked with a meek smile.
"Sorry mam, it's difficult to travel around in this lockdown. The police stops everyone at the road. I don't have to bother as I have got the permit to travel, but still the agency has restricted the number of times I can go out, to avoid getting infected," said the man, "If it was not for the lockdown I'd have come last week itself."
"Can you just wait for a minute? I will be right back," said Deepa and closed the door.
Her heart was beating faster. Even wearing a towel could be explained, but not an apron on a naked body. She went to her bed and took out the bed sheet and covered herself. Now she was covered fully from her neck to her ankles. She knew it would be difficult to explain the plumber, why she was covered in a bed sheet. She found the whole situation funny. A plumber arriving in a house where the girl is barely clothed! As if fate had decided to turn this day into a porn fantasy for real. She then checked her purse if she actually had currency notes to pay him.
"200 rupees would be enough," she said checking her purse.
When she opened the door, the guy did glance at her from head to toe. He was wearing a mask, but his eyes gave a confused look.
"He might have seen women wearing just a towel, this is no big deal," Deepa thought.
The guy first washed his hands from the handwash near the kitchen sink and then proceeded to fix the pipes beneath the sink.
A sudden urge kicked inside Deepa - she very much wanted to be only in her apron in front of the guy. Though he had a moustache, the guy was pretty handsome. She didn't know how to drop the bed sheet from her, to make it look like an accident. She just stood there for few minutes watching him, wondering what to do next. He got up and checked the flow of the tap of the sink.
"Could you give me a glass of water?" asked Hanif lowering his mask. He did have a pretty face, even with the moustache.
"Sure," said Deepa.
As soon as she stretched her hand to pick up a glass from the kitchen platform, she let go of hold of the bed sheet from her other hand as well, dropping the sheet altogether. She couldn't believe what she did right now. Her bare ass was facing the guy. Hanif dropped his tool bag. Deepa just froze for a second or two. She left the glass on the platform and placed both her hands on the ass cheeks, as if to check the smoothness and roundness of the assets that she was displaying to this stranger. She turned around slowly to face Hanif. Hanif was visibly shaken and as soon as she turned around, he fumbled to pick up his dropped bag.
"The tap is working fine now," he said keeping his head down to avoid facing her and he rushed away through the door outside.
"Hey! Your fees," shouted Deepa. She giggled a little, finding Hanif's embarrassment funny and she was happy about the courage she displayed at displaying her ass.
She continued doing her work for the rest of the day. All the while she was wearing an apron and didn't think much about the flash she performed that day. She felt she had indulged in enough of her sexual fantasies for the day
She logged off early that day, as she didn't have much work and started preparing for dinner.
"The only time when I actually need an apron," thought Deepa as she was rolling a roti to a circle.
And then, the doorbell rang again.
"I do believe this bell didn't rang much before the lockdown," said Deepa to herself.
She saw that it was Kavya again.
"Yes?" Deepa asked, with her head peeked out, .
"Sorry to bother you," said Kavya, "But do you have an extra carton of milk? I need one for tonight. I promise you I would return one tomorrow".
"Ok," said Deepa and went to the kitchen.
She had left the door ajar and Kavya saw it as an opportunity to get inside the house. She looked around and entered the kitchen which was near the main door. As soon as she stepped inside the kitchen she gave a gasp of shock. She could see Deepa's bare ass mooning right in front of her as she bent down to take milk from the fridge.
Deepa heard the gasp and turned around. She didn't need to cover anything as the apron covered her very well in the front. She quickly stepped forward to hand over the carton of milk. She then placed both her hands on her ass cheeks even though there was no one behind her.
"My clothes are not dry yet," she grinned with a shy smile.
"Oh ok," said Kavya, "I too like to live alone naked. There is no one in the house right?"
Deepa nodded, still keeping her hands on her ass cheeks. Kavya couldn't help but keep staring at Deepa's apron covered hour-glass shaped body.
"Why don't you show around the house?" asked Kavya.
Deepa thought that Kavya was asking this to remove the awkwardness of the situation.
"Ok," said Deepa with a confused look.
She took care of not going ahead of Kavya and show her her ass again. All the houses in the their society building was basically the same. She led Deepa to her room, confused herself why she was doing so.
"Do you have a pair of scissors?" asked Kavya.
"What?"
"To cut the carton, I wanna drink the milk now," said Kavya.
Deepa tried to spread her left hand across her ass and opened her wardrobe to get the scissors.
"Hmm, not a piece of cloth inside," commented Kavya, "I like how you are fully committed to be naked".
Then she took the scissors and cut a hole on the carton began to sip the milk.
"Is the milk past the expiry date?" asked Kavya.
"Let me check," said Deepa and stepped nearer to Kavya. Kavya slightly tilted the carton on Deepa, spilling some of the milk on her apron.
"Quick, remove the apron, it will wet your body," shouted Kavya and within seconds, Deepa undid the knot and went to the washing machine and dropped it inside.
She then slowly entered her room again with one hand across her breasts and another between her legs. Except for the frizzly black bush around her pussy which was partly covered with her left hand, no part of her body except her head and eyebrows had any strand of hair. Kavya just stared at Deepa's smooth body.
"You deliberately spilled the milk on my apron?" she questioned.
"Yes," said Kavya still scanning Deepa from head to toe, "I knew the moment you opened the door this morning that you were nude behind the door. No one opens a door like that. And then it made sense that your towel was lying around the hall. How scandalous! Were you streaking outside?"
"No," Deepa said in a defensive mode.
"But you do like to stay nude right? You do like to show your hot body to strangers," said Kavya as she stepped forward and pushed Deepa on the bed. Deepa began to crawl up backwards to the pillow and Kavya climbed on the bed beside her.
She began to kiss Deepa and Deepa didn't hesitate. It was as if she was expecting this to happen. Kavya then proceeded to kiss her neck, shoulders and then placed her finger on the clitoris and began to rub it. She licked her one boob and began to suck it and then groped and pinched the other boob with her other hand. Deepa hadn't felt this sensation before. She never knew before that day that she can allow a woman to please her body. She was never touched by another person before and the thought began to shudder her body with excitement and pleasure.
The caressing and kissing became more passionate and now Kavya began to finger Deepa vigorously. Deepa let out a loud moan as she reached her climax.
It brought a wide smile on Kavya's face.
"Did I just lose my virginity? Is this a virginity-losing sex?" asked Deepa.
"I don't know the technical definition. But if another person has pleasured you to climax, it's sex, and if it's sex, you are no longer a virgin," said Kavya.
Deepa got up to pick a handkerchief and cleaned her pussy. She felt embarrassed again and covered her breasts and crotch with her hands. Kavya slowly walked out of the room and Deepa followed her.
"I will come again in the weekend," said Kavya as she was about to leave the house, "Hope your clothes would still be wet."