Partially inspired by my own time at university, this is the story of two friends who embark on a series of increasingly daring adventures. Any comments or feedback are much appreciated, hope you enjoy!
*****
Chapter Three - Getting Caught
'Someone's coming up this way!' Holly scampered back to Jericho and gazed imploringly into his eyes. 'What the fuck do we do now,' she hissed.
Jericho was torn, he genuinely felt a bit guilty as he looked at his naked friend hunched over, her hands clasped across her body. He didn't want her to be seen, that was too much, but at the same time the thrill was in the danger of being caught and he knew that she enjoyed that. 'Ok quick, get back in here.' It was either back to the laundry room or into one of the two flats on that floor, and although it was a dead end at least they knew the former was still empty. 'You first!' In a flash Holly was past him and literally kicking the door open, keeping her arms tight to her chest. Jericho nipped in behind her, his heart beating in his chest.
'Fuck Jericho man, shit. I told you we'd get caught.' Holly stood and turned to face him, her cheeks burning with a mixture of embarrassment and adrenaline.
'Its fine, no one saw you.' Jericho was about to start placating her when they both froze and swivelled their heads towards the door - outside there was the muffled sound of two voices approaching them. 'Shit they're coming.' Jericho glanced around the room but knew it was no good, he'd been too thorough earlier and there really were no clothes for Holly to chuck on.
'Jay!'
'Hide here.' Jericho grabbed her arm and shoved her against the wall next to the door. 'I'll get rid of them, be quiet.' Holly pressed her back to the rough plaster and covered her face with her hands in panic, she couldn't believe what was about to happen. As the door swung open she had to clasp her fingers over her mouth to stop herself from gasping out, and wide eyed she waited to see what Jericho would do. He turned to face the two men who had just entered and smiled faintly. 'Oh hi guys,' he said, trying to sound chilled. 'Sorry I just filled up the last machine, you'll have to come back later.'
'Oh no worries,' the guys gestured to their empty bags. 'We're just here to get our stuff from the dryer.'
Well, thought Jericho, that didn't work. He glanced to the side and saw Holly shaking her head furiously at him, her lips still fastened tight shut, her elbows tucked in to cover her breasts and her legs slightly bent. Only the opened door shielded her nakedness from the two inconvenient visitors, both of whom moved a step further through the doorway. Instinctively Jericho leapt over to angle his body to hide Holly behind him, and as he did so he ushered the guys towards the dyers at the far end of the room. 'Oh, those are your clothes? The girl before me said there was a problem though, apparently the machines haven't been working this afternoon, her stuff was all wet...' The three of them walked past Holly as Jericho hung slightly back but kept guiding them along, desperately hoping they didn't look behind them for any reason.
'Really, you sure?' The guys opened the doors and began to rummage around the contents inside, feeling for any dampness. 'Nah bro, seem ok to me.'
'Oh ok great, they must be working now, weird.' Jericho shrugged and turned to leave. Stuffing their clothes into their bags one of the boys turned back to see him go. 'Thanks for the heads up though.'
'No problem.' To his relief Jericho saw that Holly's spot was now empty, and he pulled open the door and once again left the laundry room. She must have realised she only had a tiny window of opportunity to run out, and as they checked the washing she had managed to silently get away. Where the hell was she now though? Jericho hurriedly jogged over to the first flat's hallway and looked down it's length, but no one was about. The second one was empty too, so he rushed to the staircase and quickly headed back down. He imagined his naked friend running down these very steps, clutching her jiggling boobs, praying that no one appeared to see her bare body run past. Reaching their corridor he went and knocked softly on Holly's door. 'Holly? Holly it's me.' There was no reply, and he looked up as Serena came along carrying a large bag of rubbish from the kitchen.
'I hate the bin rota,' she grumbled. 'I think Holly was off to do laundry if you're looking for her.'
Jericho realised he looked like an idiot standing out there alone, so he tried the door handle but it was locked. 'Holly, are you mad? I'm sorry. That was all my fault, I shouldn't have done that to you.'
What a jerk he was, he thought, why had he ruined her dressing gown like that... ohhh. Her room key was in her dressing gown wasn't it. She wasn't refusing to answer him, she wasn't in her room at all. Jericho left the bags at her door and rushed up the corridor. There's no way she'd risk the kitchen, his room was locked too, so if she was anywhere it would be the bathroom. Bursting in he looked around and saw that two of the stall doors were shut, and the room was misty with shower steam. He cleared his throat. 'Umm, anyone in here?' It was a stupid question but it worked. One of the doors cracked ajar and he saw Holly's face poke out.
'Jay, in here now.' She sounded pissed.
'Holly I'm so so sorry, are you ok, how did you get -' Jericho whispered as he walked over but was cut off as an arm reached and pulled him inside by his collar. Now it was Holly's turn to push him into the tiled wall of the small shower stall, then she fastened the latch, twisted and knelt in front of him.
'Shut up, I need you now, right here.' Her still totally naked body was bone dry and the shower head remained untouched, clearly she wasn't interested in getting clean. Jericho was shocked as she yanked down his jogging bottoms and planted a kiss on the front of his boxers. She looked up hungrily at him, her eyes ablaze with anticipation. 'You can apologise later, for now just fuck me.' She pulled down his underwear and immediately took his penis in her mouth, enveloping it whole as he quickly began to get hard. Sucking forcefully back and forth she reached up and tugged at his t shirt impatiently, so Jericho peeled it off as he admired her handiwork. Mere seconds later he was at full mast, and satisfied Holly leant back and gave his dick a few quick strokes, then shook it with her fist as if to assess his readiness. She nodded and stood back up, Jericho clumsily stumbled as he bent down to pull off his socks and discard the rest of his clothes to the side, and then Holly turned away and bent over slightly. Jericho moved up behind her and used one hand to guide himself in, then started, as she put it, to fuck her. It was a narrow cubicle and Holly was quickly at right angles with her arms straight out, braced against the door as Jericho built up speed and momentum. Her boobs swayed violently beneath her as she shoved her hips back into him, matching his rhythm as they bucked together. Jericho was gripping her waist tightly as he pumped in and out, but then stopped to spin her round and grabbed one of her legs with his hand, hoisting it up as he pinned her back. Now face to face he used the better angle to enter her again and pick up the pace. Holly threw her arms wide for balance as she stood there bouncing up and down on one foot, then grabbed the back of his head and pulled him into her. Jericho grunted and pushed his head into her cleavage, sucking a nipple into his mouth and licking hungrily at her. Holly's head was thrown back as she screamed silently, then in a moment of inspiration she reached out and twisted one of the shower controls. Hot water suddenly flooded down over their bodies, soaking her hair and making her skin glisten with tiny droplets. Jericho took this as a cue to change positions once more, this time hitting it from the back again but with one hand around her throat as he held her upright against him, his other hand roughly grabbing her belly. The water flow drowned them out to an extent but still Holly had to bite down on her fist to stop her moans from being too loud. Her other hand grabbed at her breasts, then moved down to play between her legs, then up to claw at her hair, then down again.
'I need to cum,' Jericho gasped in between breaths but Holly ignored him and kept pawing at herself as the water rushed down her torso. 'Fuck!' He pulled out and began to furiously jerk away, eyes screwed shut as he prepared for his climax. Holly gently rotated him so he faced away from her, then reversed their previous role as she pressed her breasts against his back and reached round his waist to take over. She grasped his dick and began to pound him with the same sense of urgency as her other hand rested on his toned stomach. Jericho reached behind him and grabbed her butt, gripping her cheeks as he began to shudder. 'Fuck!' This time he barely got the word out as a streak of cum shot away from him and splattered onto the floor. Several more convulsions later and just like the first time Holly's hand was covered in his stickiness. Silently they watched as she gave him a last couple of gentle strokes, then she spun him around again to let the warm water pour over them both.
'Hush now, or they'll hear us,' she whispered into his ear, before nibbling him tenderly. Neither of them had any shower gel obviously so they quickly rinsed off, both of them taking great pleasure in wiping down each other's bodies with their hands, making sure they didn't miss a spot. Jericho's discarded clothes had been completely forgotten about in all the excitement, and they were absolutely soaked. He carefully put on his t shirt and trackies which immediately clung to his damp skin, then bundled the rest of his things under his arm and dashed back to his room, leaving Holly waiting in the stall just as he had found her. Not bothering to change he was quickly back with one of his towels, which Holly gratefully accepted. Stepping out into the bathroom fully covered for the first time in what felt like forever, she quickly checked the hall was empty and then hurried along behind Jericho, until they were back in the safety of his accommodation.
'That was so insane Jay, that was so insane! Oh my god what a rush, I can't believe I did that.' She paced around the room with a happy but stunned look on her face, as Jericho locked the door and slumped onto the bed. 'I mean Jay, they were in the room with me! They walked past me, just inches away, I thought I was going to die. Then I knew I had to leave immediately and just pray there was no one else outside, and hope that you'd come to find me again. But there were voices from one of the flats again, so I just had to run straight down the stairs,' she held her hand to her head in amazement. 'Two whole floors, just flat out running, trying to listen for more people. Then I got to my door and realised of course we left the god damn key in my pocket, and you were still nowhere to be seen, so I had to keep running to the bathroom, keep hoping it was empty-'
Jericho had got again and as Holly approached him he reached out and shoved her backwards onto the bed. Holly bounced gently and lay propped up on her elbows, stretched out with her toes just reaching the floor. Cut off, she looked up at him questionably.
'Holly, I want to hear your story, I really do. No detail spared, I want you to tell me everything that happened, everything it made you feel. But right now I don't want you to talk, I want to get even with you again, I need to.' He reached down and whipped the towel away from underneath her, tossing it the floor as once again she lay naked before him, feet spread apart. 'Know what I mean?' He smiled and got to his knees, bowing down until his lips were almost about to touch hers.
Holly blushed but smiled too. 'Ok, the story can wait I guess.' With that she reached forward and pushed his face down in between her legs, and slowly began to melt away into sheer bliss.
***
They woke the next morning wrapped in each other's arms as light streamed in from the window, causing them to squint at each other blearily. 'Morning.' Holly cooed, kissing Jericho lightly on the lips as she pulled the duvet up over their heads, shielding their eyes.
'Good morning you.' Under the covers Jericho kissed her back then looked down at her body as she lay on her side, fully uncovered in their little private tent made from the sheets. He guided his hand down and lightly ran his fingers up and down her curves, tickling her as he did so. 'You have any sweet dreams?'
'Oh a couple.' Holly shifted and rested her head on one bent arm, then reached out with the other to softly cup and fondle his testicles. 'About this and that.'
Jericho was warm and happy and fuzzy, shutting his eyes as he let her play with him. 'Is there anything you want to do today?'
'Yeah...' Holly gazed idly at his cock as she continued to absentmindedly roll his balls around in her hand, squeezing them gently. 'Not get out of this bed all day? I think that's a start. Then I'm sure we can think of things to do while we're here.' Jericho just groaned slightly in response. Moving her attention to his mostly soft penis, Holly lazily slapped it slowly from one side to another, twiddling it between two fingers. 'I can think of one thing already.' She rolled onto her front and playfully shoved Jericho until he was on his back. Then she shuffled her way down the bed, kissing his neck, each nipple, his belly button and then finally the tip of his dick. Jericho sighed and crossed his arms over his face as she slowly licked him up and down, then tongued around his foreskin teasingly. 'So do you want to hear last night's story?'
Jericho laughed as he felt her slide her mouth over his gradually forming erection, and he peeked down to see her looking up with big innocent eyes, her lips wrapped tight around the base of his shaft. 'Of course.'
Letting him free with a pop, she spread his legs out wide and tilted her head down so she could lick his balls, causing him to moan again and cover his face, overwhelmed with pleasure. 'Well then,' she said, tracing her tongue from the crease of his inner thigh all the way back up to his penis, 'to tell the truth, last night's adventure really started last autumn, when I was on my gap year...'
Over the course of the next hour Holly remained perched over Jericho's groin, both of them hidden away under the covers in their own little secret den. As the told her story she would let his arousal rise and fall, letting his cock deflate until it was fully flaccid, before beginning to mess around her limp plaything until he was hard again. For some periods she just nestled her head on his balls and watched his dick twitch impatiently, other times she would use her hands to gently massage him as he spoke. Throughout this Jericho lay back and listened to her tale, desperately wanting her to suddenly go to town on him and put him out of his misery, but also not wanting this incredible edging sensation to ever end.
'It wasn't a fancy gap year, I didn't go and find myself in Thailand or anything. I was massively stressed after exams and needed a break, and I wanted to work for a bit before coming here. So after a bit of a summer off I found myself working a couple of part time jobs, still living at home, and to be honest bored out of my mind. Everyone else was having fun doing crazy things at uni and even though I thought I'd made the right decision at first, I was starting to really regret it. My parents are both employed outside the city so I was on my own in the house quite a bit. I worked a few hours a week in a nearby drive through place, and the rest of the time I did proofreading at home, you get sent a load of documents, you check them for mistakes and then send back your corrections. Like I said, so dead. So one afternoon I'm working away, bored out of my mind, when my best friend Charlie messages me.'
***
Holly glanced over to her phone as it pinged and wondered what Charlie wanted. Her friend was one of the few who had decided not to go to university, instead she was pursuing her passion of graphic design and trying to make it as a freelancer. It was hard work though and she had to supplement her income with shifts at the drive through, in fact she had been the one who had recommended that Holly apply there too.
*have you got any dinner plans hun*
*no, why*
*fancy a takeaway? you could bring your work to mine for a bit then we could have a movie night in? i need a break soon*
*sounds good! i'll be over in a bit, might stop off to get a bottle of wine*
*cheeky, i love it. see you later then*
Holly stretched and yawned, then closed her laptop and looked around for her phone charger. The good thing about the editing was that she could work from anywhere really, and she'd gone to Charlie's to work a couple of times already, although they both knew their productivity took a big hit when they were in the same room. She gathered her things and put them in a bag, then remembered she'd been to the shops already earlier in the week, and had picked up some discounted bottles of rosé. Taking one from the fridge she locked up the house and set off towards Charlie's house. The walk took about twenty minutes and soon she was at her friend's door, ringing the bell. After receiving no reply she rang again, and when there was still no sign of anyone she began to knock loudly.
'Charlie? Hello?'
She pulled out her phone to see if Charlie was online but then the door was opened and there she was, inviting her in. 'What took you so long? Also have you been in your pyjamas all day you slob, you must make sure you get some fresh air each day.'
'Rude,' Charlie, who was indeed wearing a cropped t shirt and some thin shorts, led her into the kitchen and started making two cups of tea. 'I was out earlier thank you very much, I went to the post office to return some parcels.'
Holly put down her stuff, handing her friend the bottle, and hopped up onto the countertop. 'We had wine, put it in the fridge for later. Did you not hear me ring then?'
'No I did but I thought you were going to the shops first so you'd be a while.' Charlie got out the milk and smiled bashfully at Holly. 'So I had to rush back upstairs from my office and find something to put on, sorry.'
'Put something on?' Holly looked at Charlie's skimpy outfit as she passed over the hot drink. Taking a sip she asked accusingly, 'So what did you have on before? Nothing?'
'Well no,' Charlie laughed and took a seat. 'Sometimes when I'm here on my own I like to be comfy around the house you know?'
'What, you're just naked?'
'Well just now yeah, or sometimes just in some shorts or maybe my kimono, depends on my mood. It's very freeing actually, and great for the creative mind apparently.'
Holly was a bit surprised but not massively so, Charlie was definitely the more outgoing and confident of the two, and neither of them were particularly prudish about this kind of thing.
'Well I'm sorry to inconvenience you, haha. That's mad though, when did you start?'
'Only a month ago maybe? I think I had come back from the gym and put something in the oven to cook, then when I came out of the shower I could smell burning so I ran downstairs just wearing a towel. It was fine, nothing was on fire, but I cleared up and then ate lunch still in the towel, then thought why bother getting changed at all, so I just went and worked like that for a bit. Then I guess I got bored and thought it would be fun to sit there with it untied for a bit, then I took it off all together.'
'And your housemates? They've never caught you?'
'No I only do it sometimes, and when I know they're all going to be out working all day. Michael did come home early once and I had to run upstairs just in my panties when I heard his key in the door, but other than that no problems so far.'
Holly shook her head in amusement. 'You're nuts.'
'You should try it!' The pair walked into the hallway and turned into Charlie's small makeshift office, which consisted of a desk with her computer and a beanbag in the corner which Holly slid down onto. 'You know how time drags when you're working on your own, well it goes slightly slower when you're not wearing much. It feels exciting, really.'
Holly took her point and put on her headphones, opening her laptop on her knees. They managed to put in a couple of hours of solid work before Charlie swivelled round in her chair and sighed. 'Right thank god, that's my last piece sent off, and I am starving. Pizza sound good to you?' They put in their order and went back to the kitchen to start drinking. Two of the housemates were in there and they chatted for a while as they waited for the delivery guy to show up, then with their food transferred onto some plates they went upstairs and into Charlie's room.
Holly loaded up a rubbish romcom and the two clinked their glasses together. 'Cheers.' Three hours later and Holly was walking back up to her own front door, tired after a pleasant evening and half a bottle of wine. Her parents were both asleep by the time she was back so she headed straight to bed. As she browsed her phone she received a photo from Charlie. It was a picture of her bare leg, poking out from the side of her duvet, and stretched wide with her toes pointing in the air.
*turns out sleeping naked is better too, fyi. night b xxx*
*haha perv, cover up. night x* Holly rolled her eyes and fell asleep.
***
The next day she was slaving away in the living room, reclining on the sofa as she browsed through her latest batch of documents. 'What am I doing with my life...' she moaned aloud, throwing her arms out in frustration. 'This is so long oh my god!' She rolled over and headed to the kitchen to get a snack. Putting on some music and nodding along to the beat she stood in front of the fridge and absentmindedly dipped tortilla chips into a jar of salsa, staring off into the distance as she daydreamed. 'Oh shit.' Looking down she frowned at the streak of dip she had just spilt onto her hoodie, then went to the sink to scrub the tomato juice out of the fabric before it could stain. Now she had a massive wet patch over her chest, and she walked over to the washing machine which was already half full. She pulled off her top and shoved it in, then was about to head upstairs to get something else to put on when she thought actually, why bother? It was a warm afternoon, her parents wouldn't be home for a while, why not see if Charlie was onto something with her whole less clothes is more fun approach. She headed back to her laptop, sitting down again quickly so she wouldn't be in view of the living room window for too long. Now sitting in her bra and jeans she got back to work.
Half an hour later and she was tired again and she picked up her phone to reply to some messages. It was a novel feeling she thought, sitting there in her slight state of undress, and felt a bit energizing, maybe. She decided to tease Charlie, so she pulled down her straps off her shoulders and sent her a selfie with just her bare skin on show, as if she was topless.
*you're right b, being naked is more fun!* A few minutes later Charlie responded with a photo of her own, another selfie showing no sign of any clothing either.
*omg babe we're twinning! what you wearing* Several eye emojis followed and Holly chuckled.
*nothing at all...*
*you're so full of shit!*
*swear down* Suddenly her phone was ringing as Charlie tried to facetime her. Laughing, Holly accepted the call and smiled at her friend.
'Come on then show me!'
Holly quickly aimed the phone down at her bra, still hanging off her shoulders, then panned back up. 'Ok fine you got me, it's a start though right.'
'I knew it! I knew you wouldn't dare, you did get my hopes up though.'
'Yeah nah I'm just chilling you know. Still not quite as ballsy as you.'
'Odds on losing the bra?' Odds on was a game the two often used to settle debates or see who should be the one to do something. Holly mused for a moment.
'Six?'
'Ok go. three two, one, FIVE!' They both called out the same number simultaneously, so to her dismay Holly had to do as she was told.
'For god's sake, ok.' With her spare hand she unclipped herself, then dangled the bra in front of the camera. 'Happy bitch?' Her exposed breasts felt chilly, and she thought this was the first time she'd had them out in this room.
'Very.'
'Ok I get to strip you though, what you wearing?'
'Give me a sec.' Charlie looked down and seemed to adjust something, then looked back to the camera. 'Ok, not a lot hun, not going to lie.' Holly's mouth fell open as her screen was filled with an unexpected amount of nude flesh. Angled down from above she could see Charlie's breasts bulging out from beneath her arm which was held across her chest, then down further were her bare legs which were folded tightly across one another, just about keeping her crotch covered. She was sitting stretched out on her office chair without a stitch on, but managing to keep her privates just about out of view.
'Oh my god Charlie, you're naked!'
'Yeah I told you silly, sometimes it just feels really good!' Charlie held her phone up again, grinning. 'So I don't think you can really get me to take anything off this time, sorry.'
'No that's not fair.' Holly was shocked and a little bit scandalised, but also strangely into it. 'I get to challenge you to something.'
'Ok fine, what.'
'Hmm.' Holly looked down at her own bare chest as she thought. 'Ok, who's home at the moment?'
'Just Liz I think, she's ill and took the day off.'
'Ok so she should be in her room right? Then I challenge you to go to the kitchen and get a drink, right now. Odds?'
'Girl you're crazy! I've never done anything like that! I don't know, ten?'
'Oh come on, give me seven.'
'Eight.'
'Fine. Three, two, one, EIGHT!'
'TWO!' Charlie shouted, and cheered victoriously. 'Unlucky mate.'
'Such bullshit,' Holly jokingly complained. 'Tell you what, will you do it if I take off my jeans?'
'Oh, interesting. You know what? Just for you, why not. You first though, take it off, take it off.'
Holly put her phone to the side and used both hands to slide down her jeans, then rolled back as she tugged them off with her legs kicking into the air. She picked up her phone and carefully pointed it at her trousers lying on the carpet, avoiding showing off too much of her body which was now only covered by her panties. 'There we go, now your turn.'
'You sure I can't tempt you into going all the way?'
'Haha no, now come on, get going.'
'Alright alright.' She saw Charlie get up from her chair keeping, the phone pointed at her. As she moved so did the frame of the shot, and Holly was treated to the occasional shaky glimpse of her cleavage. Charlie kept one arm over her boobs as she nudged open her office door and listened for any signs of her housemates, before running on tip toes down the hall. 'Holly I'm naked in the kitchen! What the hell!' she whispered, her eyes darting back and forth as she hurried along. Holly's smile was spread from ear to ear as she watched her exhilarated friend look around for a spare glass.
'Make a coffee then.'
'Haha fuck you, you never said what sort of drink I had to get.'
Holly could hear the tap in the sink being used, and before she knew it Charlie was heading back the way she had come, her water in hand. 'Wow what a cop-out.'
'You try it then.' Charlie had made it back unseen and she flopped down in her chair and held a hand against her scalp. 'I'm boiling man, that was a rush. Imagine if I'd been caught haha, that would have been hard to explain.'
'Maybe next time.' They both chatted for a few more minutes as Charlie's heartbeat slowly returned to normal, then she got an incoming call from a client and so she blew a kiss to the screen and hung up. Holly worked for another half an hour without putting anything back on, enjoying the different sensation of the sofa's material against her back and legs. Soon though she began to feel chilly and she looked down to see goosebumps all over her arms. She decided to call it a day and went upstairs to put on her running stuff, tweaking her hardened nipples with amusement as she walked up the stairs, then headed out for an evening jog.
***
'So that's how it began I guess,' Holly reminisced, casually stroking Jericho's cock. 'I started getting really comfortable around the house, wearing less and less. Normally loose clothes, very rarely with anything underneath, often just a loosely tied dressing gown, or just a towel after a shower, like Charlie. You won't believe the stuff you'll end up doing when you're bored and a bit horny, trapped inside all day, so eventually I went all the way too. I had been wearing just a long t shirt for a bit, then one day I thought fuck it why not, and took it off.'
'What was that like?'
'Weird at first, very surreal. You can't really think about anything else when you're actually naked, it just feels so strange. Even just sitting at the table or walking to the microwave, you're just so conscious that you have nothing on. Like you hear about nudists, who find being naked the most natural way to be? Well I've never felt that way, in bed or in the shower it's fine, but just walking around the house, or working at your desk? No, it's never felt natural, ever. It always feels wrong, a bit naughty, thrilling. It was always fun, spending time like that. It was cold too though, I started having to warm the house up. The first time I tried it I think I lasted half an hour? Then I had to put some panties on, even that makes you feel so much more normal, it's weird. I got better after a while though, you just have to get used to it gradually. I started sleeping naked too, that helped. And soon it was the norm you know, once I was on my own I'd normally wear one, two items of clothing maximum? But then pretty soon it was mainly naked. Apart from socks, I still wore those a lot.'
'And did you tell Charlie?'
'I did, not the first time because I was just trying it out for myself, but the second time yeah. She was very excited bless her, and she had become bolder by then too. Often we'd send each other outfit of the day photos as we worked, to see what the other one was doing. Still covering my boobs and stuff, not showing anything explicit, but enough to see what we were working with.'
'You've never sent a nude?'
'Not a proper one, no.'
'I'm surprised. So is this when the life drawing and art project stuff started?'
'Oh god no, that was all months later when I was much braver. No this was still something I kept to myself, and with Charlie obviously. The next step was her fault again actually, and happened a few weeks later...'
***
*i'm outside, let me in* Holly saw Charlie's message and bounded downstairs to open the door.
'Hey you.' The two of them were having another night in, Holly's parents were gone for the weekend and so they were free to do as they pleased. 'How have you been?' Both had been busy with work over the last few days and so they hadn't spoken as much as they normally would.
'Stress Holls, just stress. I need a drink, and soon.' Wine glasses in hand they settled themselves in the living room, and Holly loaded up the games console. They had both been big video game fans for years, and things usually got very competitive when they played. Running around blasting machine guns was very therapeutic too, and soon Charlie had relaxed into the evening. 'Die bitch.' She mowed down Holly's character and laughed, taking a sip of her drink. 'I'm destroying you.'
Holly was indignant. 'You're really not, look at the score, I'm winning.'
'Your team is winning, mine is rubbish. Come on, let's do some one on one.'
'Sure, your funeral.'
'And also, let's make this interesting. Strip game, one kill, you lose one item.'
'Haha what? Really?'
'Yeah come on, it will be fun. We've seen it all before.'
Maybe, thought Holly, but this was a bit more than a covered up selfie. Why not though, Charlie seemed pretty tipsy so she was sure she could win, and it could be fun to shame her friend. 'Ok fine, but uh I'm only wearing half as much as you, I've got no underwear on.'
'Naughty,' Charlie looked over Holly's outfit approvingly. 'Ok I'll take off two things per kill.'
'Ok, well prepare to get humiliated, real quick.' Both girls immediately sat forward on the sofa in concentration, and the game began. 'There we go, easy.' Holly immediately won the first round and sat back grinning. 'Strip bitch.'
'Lucky, lucky,' muttered Charlie, who slid off the leggings she had arrived in, and threw them theatrically across the room.
'The leggings off first, interesting call. And one more.'
'Oh shit, right.' Charlie winked at her friend and reached down to pull off a single sock. 'Yeah they were very tight though so I'm not too upset. There we go.'
'No what, that's so unfair! I haven't got any socks either.'
'Your problem mate, not mine, you shouldn't run around in such a scanty outfit.' The sock flew across and landed on her trousers, and round two began. 'Oh shit no, no Holly!' After a panicked scuffle Charlie's character once again was shotgunned to the floor and she looked ruefully at her wine. 'Man the booze has thrown off my aim,' she said, taking another large mouthful regardless. 'Another sock I think.' Next she reached down and pulled off her jumper, revealing a lacy bra set.
'Is that skimpy lingerie Charlie? Who were you looking to impress tonight?'
'Haha,' Charlie responded, dryly. 'I always have nice underwear these days, makes me feel sexy actually.' She shook her hair loose and picked up the controller. 'Again, let's go.' This time her steely resolve was rewarded, and a tense gunfight ended with her finally getting the better of her friend. 'Yes, suck it! Right then, what will it be Holls, tits or vag?'
'Charlie!' Holly frowned, it was a good question though. 'Also this is so rigged, I've only lost my first one and somehow I have to flash something.'
'Rules are rules Holls, strip.'
Sighing, Holly decided to very carefully slide off her pyjama bottoms, keeping her legs clamped shut as she did so. Once they were at the top of her thighs she used one hand to stretch her t shirt down to preserve her modesty, then shucked off her pjs and threw them at Charlie's head.
'There, happy you cheat?' Charlie just laughed and declared that they needed more wine. As she got up and headed to the kitchen Holly admired her friend's bum as she strutted off, she really did look hot in that thong. 'God be careful man, someone from the road could look in and see you!' Charlie was unphased by the window and soon returned with a fresh bottle. They began the next round, Holly tense with her controller pinning her top down, and her more confident friend laid back against the cushions, legs crossed.
'I guess this is like sudden death then,' remarked Charlie, playing more cautiously than she had been previously. 'One slip up and it's all over.'
'Yep,' Holly too was being extra careful. 'Good job you like taking off your clothes then.' Suddenly she spied Charlie's character and she pounced, her friend shrieking as she realised what was happening. There was a burst of gunfire and all too soon it was over. 'Oh yes, victory!' The screen filled with red as once more she was triumphant, and Holly briefly forgot herself and threw her arms up in glee. 'Unlucky Charlie, you gave it a really good go, you even won a round in fact,'
Charlie had her head in her hands as she ignored the gloating and trash talk, then reached philosophically for more alcohol. 'Nah no way, what a fluke. I refuse, I am not getting beaten by you. Double or nothing?'
'What do you mean, you sore loser.'
'Another game, and if I win the scores are even again and we play another decider.'
'And in the much more likely event that I win again?'
'Well then I will get naked, and what's more I'll stay like that the rest of the night.' Charlie looked seductively at her friend, then glanced down at her chest and shook it suggestively. 'Seeing these bad boys all night long, what a treat.'
'Well you know what Charlie, that is a very interesting offer.' Holly smiled, but knew there was no way she'd let her try and weasel her way out of her punishment. Also she knew deep down the last kill had been pretty fortunate and Charlie was definitely the better gamer overall. 'But I'm afraid I'll have to say no deal!'
'Fuck, I thought that would work.' In fairness Charlie showed no hesitation as she stood up to pull off her lingerie, dropping her bra and then scooping up her thong with an outstretched toe and raising her leg to offer it to the laughing Holly. 'Here you go.' She looked stunning standing there completely uncovered, bathed in the orange light from the lamp post outside on the street. Even though she was a lot more free with the photos they sent to each other, Holly still hadn't seen her up close in all her glory, and it was quite the sight.
'Get away you creep! And Charlie, windows!'
Her naked friend turned to look out through the open blinds, her arms stretched wide as she walked exposed towards them. 'Let them look, let them drink in all of this goodness - oh shit!' She suddenly collapsed into a ball and hugged herself, looking back at Holly as she shook with silent laughter. 'Oh my god Holly I had a heart attack, there's a guy on a moped right outside, what the fuck!'
'Oh my, you absolute moron! Did he see you? Oh actually wait, that might be our food.' They'd ordered a Chinese before they started playing, and it was due round about that time.
'Oh yeah, that would explain it.' A knock on the door made them both jump. 'Well I'd offer to get it, but you know...'
'Shit yeah, ok.' Holly took a step towards her pyjamas but Charlie, still hunched over, scampered over and threw them behind a chair. 'What are you doing?'
'You're decent as you are, go answer him.'
'Charlie give me my clothes, I'm half naked.'
'Yeah but the good half is hidden, go on you're fine, really.' Charlie was insistent, then there was another louder series of impatient knocks.
'You're unbelievable.' Holly looked down at her t shirt and pulled it lower nervously, then went into the hallway. Charlie straightened and followed her, standing just set back from the doorway to the living toom, leaning against it with her arms folded nonchalantly under her breasts. 'You're going to stand there like that?'
'He can't see me from there can he?'
Holly supposed she was right and so she nervously pulled open the door, hiding slightly behind it and bending forward to keep her front covered.
'Delivery for Holly? The moped driver was wearing a crash helmet and was covered in biking leathers, quite the contrast to her solitary item of clothing.
''Hi, thank you so much.' The delivery guy wasn't chatty and handed over two bags of takeaway boxes. Holly reached out, almost losing her balance, and took them both from him. 'Have a good evening.' She waited until his back was turned, then she kicked shut the door and walked to the kitchen. Charlie reappeared to join her, still making no attempt to cover up.
'Man that shirt really rides up at the back when you lean forward you know.'
'Shut up.'
'And you've got such a cute little butt too, who knew.' She reached under Holly's top and gave her a quick spank, then the two started dividing up the food into two bowls, standing side to side in front of the counter. 'I still think I should get the chance to strip you, it's only fair.'
'I don't know Charlie, I liked the games but now I've got all these delicious noodles to focus on.'
'Come on, lose the shirt, you know you want to.'
'Absolutely not.'
'Odds on for you to lose the shirt and then accept one of my dares, and you have to do it, no matter what.'
Holly snorted, glancing over at her friend. 'You crazy? A million.'
'No don't be silly, that's dumb.'
'Oh ok fine,' Holly said sarcastically, pouring out some prawn crackers. 'How about a reasonable hundred?'
Charlie reached over to grab a spring roll. 'Ok fine, three, two, one, SIXTY NINE.'
'Sixty nine.' Holly chorused simultaneously, then in horror dropped a tub of fried rice as she realised what she'd just done. 'Are you kidding me?'
'YES!' Charlie literally punched the air. 'You idiot! Oh my god I can't believe you did that.'
'Oh you dick.' Now it was Holly's turn to hold her head in shame, how on earth did she lose that? 'Can we wait until after dinner at least?'
'No way, I'm not going to the only bare arsed one. Let me help.' She reached out to strip her friend but Holly slapped her hand away, muttering furiously.
'Get off, I can do it.' She was nervous actually, she'd never been naked in front of anyone before. Charlie had made it look easy though, and was continuing to do so, so Holly just had to suck it up and get it over with. She decided to quickly turn her back on her friend, then before she could change her mind she tugged off the t shirt and dropped it to the floor. She covered herself with her hands and spun back around. 'There.'
'Beautiful Holls, you look great! Now we can eat.' Charlie took her things and paraded back to the living room, stooping at the tv to put on some trashy reality show to watch. Holly reluctantly realised that she'd have to drop her hands to carry in the bowel and her refilled glass, so she held the two items in front of her boobs and scuttled back to join her friend, making sure to keep low as she passed the window. Charlie once more rested with her legs up on the sofa, placing the bowl on her stomach as she ate and occasionally checked her phone. Holly conversely was much less relaxed and sat upright with her food perched on her lap, leaving only her breasts exposed. This did have the side effect of quickly warming up her loins, which wasn't an entirely unpleasant sensation. Every now and then she'd actually begin to focus on the show and forget that she was sitting there exposed, but then she'd look across at Charlie and her nudity would remind her of the ridiculous situation she found herself in. Charlie left the room and returned with seconds, then once they were both done she spun over onto her front and grinned devilishly at Holly, who put down her food and hugged a large cushion to her chest.
'So Holly, I've been having a think and I've decided what your dare is.'
'Oh god. Please be kind.' The odds on bond was sacred and Holly knew she'd have to go with whatever hairbrained scheme her friend came up with, so there was a tight knot in her throat as she waited to hear her fate.
'So you've been at home naked...'
'Yeah...'
'You've been around people naked...'
'You, you mean.'
'So now Holly, are you ready to go to the next level? Are you ready to be naked... outside?' Not waiting for a response Charlie got up and sauntered out of the room, and Holly nervously got up to follow. Reaching the front door Charlie glanced through the peep hole, then stood back and opened it wide, looking behind her to see Holly peering through from the living room. The street outside was deserted for now, but they could hear the normal sirens and traffic sounds that were never absent in the big city. Charlie looked back and forth down the road, then leaving the door open she beckoned Holly to come forward towards her. 'So, Holly, your dare for tonight is this...'
***
'So anyways,' Holly smiled up at Jericho and used one finger to smear the glob of precum that had formed on his tip, 'I think I'll tell you what happened after that another day. It's quite a long story and you've been very patient.' She pulled back her finger which still had a sticky line of liquid suspended from it. Licking it clean she regarded Jericho's erection contentedly. 'And he's been very well behaved,' she said leaning in closer and nuzzling it gently. 'So that can wait for some other time.'
'You're joking, you're ending it there? What about-' his protests quickly faded into silence as she began to slowly blow him again, easing her head up and down as he began to moan.
'Oh and Jericho?' She briefly broke away to glance up. 'This time you don't need to pull out. It's almost midday and I still haven't had anything to eat yet.' A few minutes later and Holly was back lying in Jericho's arms, slightly less hungry than she had been before, and a lot happier.
An hour later and Jericho was getting dressed. Holly had a seminar she unfortunately couldn't afford to skip and so she had rushed off back to her room, dressed in a borrowed large hoodie from his wardrobe. He opened his phone for the first time that day, and saw a lot of missed messages from Jessica.
*bro seriously, hurry up and get back here! serena is having a break down in the kitchen, come*
*come on where are you, you got lectures still? also where's holly she's not in her room*
*jeryyy come on this is amazing*
He headed straight to the kitchen and sure enough found Serena and Holly sitting around the table. 'Finally there you are! Sit down, we have a crisis.'
'Oh god does Jericho need to hear this too? Jess I'm already so embarrassed.' Serena pulled out a chair and he sat down.
'What's the problem guys?'
'It's the stupid rugby initiation thing, you remember the scavenger hunt we have to do?'
'Oh yeah, how many you ticked off?'
'Fucking none of them! I've been so busy this week and now the deadline is tomorrow and I don't have a single point yet. Jess stop laughing!' Jessica clearly thought the whole thing was hilarious and wasn't at all sympathetic.
'Tell him haha, tell him what you have to do.'
'So there's this dirty section of the list right, and these are all impossible but you get loads of points for each one, you only need to do like three or four to hit the total.'
'Oh yeah, I remember. So what, you need to do some of the crazy ones to pass?'
'So basically... oh god.' Serena broke down laughing. 'Basically yeah, because I don't have to have enough time, I'm going to have to do some of the fucked up ones, to make up the points.'
'Basically,' said Jess, absolutely delighted, 'she's going to have to streak the library!'