After increasing our carnal knowledge of each other, right there in front of the window, I said,
"How about we go out for a walk with me wearing one of the dresses and we can see what reactions we get. We can go to the park first where there won't be many people."
Josh liked that idea so I put one of the dresses on and out we went. For me. I just felt like I had a summer dress on with the gentle breeze reminding me that I had nothing on under it, something that I had got used to and really enjoyed, over the last few months. We held hands as we walked and after a short distance Josh said,
"This is weird, you look covered but exposed, I can even see your clit."
"That's because I'm horny and it's wanting some attention."
"Well I'm not going to play with it out here and if you do I'll drag you back home and spank your butt."
"Hmm, I might just do that, it sounds fun."
We made it to the park in just a few minutes and as expected, no one seemed to notice what they could see. In the park we just walked, hand in hand, and talking just like other times that we'd been there. On my part, most of the time I was relaxed and forgot that my dress was see-through. It was only when I saw someone staring at me that I remembered and my arousal increased slightly. However Josh still looked nervous.
It was only when we came across a group of about half a dozen young men that things got interesting. Once one of them realised what they could see word spread like lightening and all of them were staring at me.
"Fucking hell. I can see her tits and pussy." One of the young men said.
"Walk faster." Josh whispered.
"Let me handle it Josh." I replied.
"Nice dress." another young man said.
"Thank you." I replied, "I like it too."
I stopped walking and almost had to pull Josh back for him to stop.
"You do know that we can see your tits and pussy don't you?" Another young man said.
"Oh course she does," another one said, "she must be one of those exhibitionist girls."
"Yes I am, do you like what you see?"
I let go of Josh's hand and did a slow 360.
"Cute butt." I heard.
I took Josh's hand when I got to facing the young men again, this time with my feet about shoulder width apart. After letting the look for a few seconds I said,
"Well it was nice to meet you guys but we have to be going now. We come for a walk here most evenings, maybe we'll see you again."
I started walking and Josh did as well. As I walked away from them I swayed my butt a little.
Once out of earshot I said,
"That was awesome, I'm dripping, we need to find somewhere secluded."
"You handled that very well Rachel. I was all for telling them to piss off."
"I thought so too, being assertive isn't always the best way Josh, especially if you're a girl and are out-numbered by blokes. If they'd pushed back it could have got nasty. I don't mind them seeing my goodies, hell, I liked it, and playing them along gave us all a bit of what we wanted."
"Always the smart one Rach."
"Not always Josh but manipulating men is something that most girls learn to do."
"And you're good at it Rach. Hey, you're not manipulating me into letting you come out dressed like that are you?"
"No Josh, I would never do that to you. You like me being naked, I discovered that that night going into the pub when you showed my bare butt and pussy to Harry and Justin, remember? You enjoyed doing that. That evening was when I started to realise that I liked showing myself."
"So it's my fault that you're and exhibitionist?"
"Let's just say that you made me realise who I really am."
"But are you happy Rach?"
"Hell yeah, let's walk a little faster, I want, no, I need to find some bushes quick."
We did and we did. Our first fuck in that park.
On the way back to the apartment it was starting to get dark and only one man did a double take when he saw us walking under a street light.
Back at home I took the dress off and went to the bathroom to clean up my inner thighs, then I got out my (mum's) sowing machine and got to work on some of the damaged stock that I'd brought from work. I wanted to make some really short skirts that let anyone see what I wasn't wearing under them.
I really got in to it and Josh had to start finger fucking me to get me to go to bed with him.
The next morning I put on one of the see-through dresses and my denim jacket. When Josh saw me he said,
"You're really going to work dressed like that Rach?"
"Yes, it's not like I have to sit on a bus for 20 minutes, I doubt that many people will realise that they can see my butt and slit and just think that I'm wearing a black skirt."
No one really noticed me, that is until I decided to get myself a coffee at the coffee shop just down from where I work. I've been in there a few times and I am on speaking terms with one of the Baristas. When he saw me approaching the counter he said,
"Wow Rachel that's some skirt that you've got on."
"It's a dress not a skirt, look." I replied as I opened my jacked to show him the top part of the dress and my tits through it."
"Bloody hell Rachel, are you trying to give me a heart attack?"
"No, just dressing comfortably."
"Well you can come in here dressed 'comfortably' any time that you want, and you'll get a free coffee."
The poor man couldn't take his eyes off me and I did get a free coffee, I decided to go there on my way to work more often.
As I walked into the store Ms Harvey looked at me, smiled and gave me the thumbs up sign.
"Wow Rachel," Laura said, "you really are trying to push our sales up aren't you?"
"Maybe you should dress like this as well Laura, get the sales up and get a better bonus at Christmas."
"I don't think so Rachel, I haven't got a body like yours."
I left it like that because, as I think I mentioned before, both Laura and Jenny are on the well built side and I certainly wasn't going to tell them so.
My day went well with only a couple of girls and one man staring at me, that I know of, although I did manage to try on a different dress and 'forget' to close the curtain properly when male partners were waiting outside the room. I think that I made their day and made them think that shopping with their girlfriend can be a good experience.
I'd enjoyed my job since I first started there but I was starting to get even more out of it and Ms Harvey was silently encouraging me.
Having said, there were times during the day that I forgot what I was wearing and it took a look from someone or a comment from Laura or Jenny to remind me.
The next day was similar, starting with Josh reminding me to be careful as I walked to and from work with my butt and slit covered but on display. The big difference that day was that Ms Harvey told me to change the clothes on one of the mannequins in the shop window. This is something that I'd done many times and without even thinking about what I was wearing I climbed into the window and got on with the job.
It was only when I saw 2 young men standing and staring at me that I remembered what I was wearing. My first reaction was to get the hell out of there but a split second later I decided to give them a show and turned to face then whilst I finishing the job.
When I was done I looked at the men, smiled and waved to them then climbed out of the window.
"Thank you Rachel," Ms Harvey said, "you did a good job."
"Thank you Ms Harvey, I enjoyed doing it."
"Yes, I saw those young men looking at you."
"I won't get into any trouble being in the window like this then?"
"Highly unlikely Rachel, you come to work dressed like that don't you and you haven't got stopped by the police have you?"
"No, but I have my jacket on when I'm coming to work."
"You'll be fine Rachel. If you see any coppers walking by when you're in the window just keep perfectly still and they'll think that you are just another mannequin."
"Okay, but when did you last see any coppers walking anywhere?"
"True, they're more interested in cyber hate crime these days, remember when we caught that girl shoplifting last month and we called the police and they never bothered coming here, just gave me a crime number?"
"Yes, you had to let the girl go, a waste of space coppers these days. Maybe you should punish the next shoplifter yourself Ms Harvey, give her that spanking that you've been threatening me with?"
"Not a bad idea Rachel."
"Or you could make her strip naked and stand her in the window for an hour or so?"
"That wouldn't be a punishment if they are anything like you Rachel. They'd probably cream themselves as they stood there."
"Ms Harvey, are saying that I'm an exhibitionist?"
"I could never say anything like that Rachel but if the cap fits!"
"I'll get on with sorting that rack of tops that got messed up earlier."
"You do that Rachel."
For the rest of the day I couldn't stop thinking what it would be like to stand in a shop window all day, naked and watching all the people as they walked by. Needless to say that my inner thighs were wet all the time.
That evening we were meeting Harry and Justin in a pub and I was nervously turned on every time that I thought about it. Okay they'd both seen me naked before, and in public, but this would be different. I was going to wear a see-through dress in a crowded pub, and I wasn't planning on wearing anything under or over it.
"Are you really sure that you want to go to the pub like that?" Josh asked when I said that I was ready to leave.
"I'm sure, but I am a bit nervous."
"Well remember to act like the dress isn't see-through and you'll probably be okay."
"I know, I just need to relax a little."
"Here, drink this." Josh said as he poured me a small whiskey and told me to down it in one.
"You know that I hate that stuff Josh." I replied as I did as I was told.
"I do, but it will help you relax. Come on, let's go."
I took one more look in the mirror, saw all of my tits with my rock hard nipples, the front of my slit, and when I turned, all of my butt, then I took a deep breath and walked out of the door.
We made it to the pub without any problems and the bouncer looked me up and down then let us in.
"Fucking hell Rachel, you look amazing." Harry said when we found him and Justin.
"Where the hell do you find the courage to come out like that Rachel," Justin said, "I could never come out dressed like that."
"You'd look a bit stupid in a dress Justin." I replied.
When we'd been looking for Justin and Harry we'd passed lots of people and only a few had, that I saw, given me a double take and apart from the odd exclamation no one had said anything.
Josh and Justin went to get some drinks whilst I stayed with Harry.
"So what's with the dress Rachel? Is it a new fashion that I haven't seen before? Are you making some sort of stupid climate change protest or something?"
"No I'm not protesting about anything, I wore this dress for work today."
"So that's your workwear?"
"I suppose that it is."
"So are there other staff dressed like that at your shop? Are you being forced to dress like that?"
"No and no Justin, it's entirely my choice and before you ask me my boss supports me."
"I bet that he does, it must be good for the sales and I bet that he stares at that cute body of yours all day.."
"That's why SHE supports me, and before you ask, she's not a lesbian, she just knows what's good for the business."
"So it's all your doing, I just knew that you liked it when Josh hiked up your skirt that night at the pub and then when he stripped and fucked you over his car. You're an exhibitionist aren't you?"
"That night made me realise that I was. You're not complaining are you?"
"Hell no, Josh is one luck bastard. If you ever want someone other than Josh to stare at you just call me. You do realise that I'm going to be staring at you all night don't you?"
"Yes Harry, I do, and I want you to stare."
"It turns you on doesn't it?"
"Yes it does."
"I hope that Josh appreciates what he's got."
"He does and he supports me."
"Good."
Shortly after that Josh and Justin returned with the drinks and 2 more of Josh's mates, Roger and Ken.
"Bloody hell Justin," Ken said, "you weren't joking, good to see all of you Rachel."
"And hello to you too Ken, you too Roger, I'm pleased that you like what you see."
"We certainly do." Roger said.
"Okay guys. stop drooling guys," Josh said, "Rachel is here all night so there's plenty of time for you to ogle her and when we leave I'm sure that she will happily show you the interesting bits that you can't see at the moment."
We stood around talking for a while with all 4 of Josh's mates staring at me when they weren't talking. All that attention was keeping my nipples rock hard and my pussy was tingling a lot. What's more I could feel that my clit was aching for some attention as well. I couldn't look to check but I was sure that it too was rock hard and visible to anyone if they managed to get their heads to that height.
After about an hour I decided that I needed to empty my bladder and headed for the toilet. That gave more guys the opportunity to see my goodies and I got a few nice comments as I worked my way through the crowd.
Unfortunately there was a short queue for the Laddies and when a girl arrived behind me in the queue she too stared at my dress for a while before saying that she liked my dress. I turned to see her, giving a full frontal view of me and she said,
"Wow, not even pasties or one of those C-string things, I bet that you're popular with the guys."
"Thanks," I replied, "the 5 guys that I'm with do stare at me a lot."
"I bet that they do. Aren't you embarrassed dressed like that?"
"No, in fact I like dressing like this, I even wear this at work in the fashion shop."
"What's it called so that I know not to take my boyfriend there."
I told her then continued,
"My boss thinks that me wearing dresses like this will bring in more customers and judging by our sales figures she's right."
One girl came out of the toilet and the queue shortened by one.
"Wow, I guess that I can see that, men are so gullible."
"Yes, I'm sure that I could sell them anything when I go and try on a dress and leave the curtains open, but it is nice seeing the bulges in their trousers and know that I've caused it."
"So have you got many dresses like that in this shop of yours?"
"Loads, they're supposed to be worn with something underneath but as you can see they look good on their own.
One girl came out of the toilet and the queue shortened leaving me the next to got in..
"Doesn't your boyfriend get all jealous with all the guys looking at your goods."
"No, he knows that it will always be his bed that I get into on a night and for some weird reason after we been out with me wearing one of these dresses he's always very keen to get me into bed. Sometimes we don't make it and fuck even before we've got home."
"Wow, I wish that I had a boyfriend like that."
"Maybe you should get a dress like this?"
Then it came time for me to empty my bladder and use wads of the toilet paper to dry up all my juices that had boon dribbling down the insides of my thighs. I smiled at the girl that I'd been talking to when I left and fought my way through the crowd getting groped a little on the way.
When I got back to them I discovered that they'd managed to get a table and some chairs. Only 3 chairs but they offered one of them to me. I sat on it and Josh stood between my knees which meant that my pussy was on display. Josh told me to move my butt forward and then lean back. I knew that doing that would put more of my pussy on display and I eagerly shuffled down and spread my knees a lot more than necessary.
Josh was blocking a direct view but the other guys could see me from beside Josh and somehow they managed to swap places a few times.
After a while Josh realised what his mates were doing and he said,
"Okay guys, you're just not concentrating on the conversations so I'll tell you that next Saturday we are having a house-warming party and Rachel has said that she'll be naked all night and maybe she'll even let you taste her. Does that satisfy your lust for her body?"
"No," Justin replied, "we'll never tire of seeing Rachel's naked body, was that a formal invite?"
I smiled at them and thought,
"Wow, I knew about that first part but we hadn't talked about any of the guys at the party eating my pussy but that sounds good to me and if Josh has already offered my pussy to their mouths he must be happy with the idea."
Then I thought about the orgasms that those mouths could easily give me and my pussy suddenly had a wet rush. I wondered if any of the guys had seen it.
Shortly after that more space and chairs became available and Josh moved from between my legs and sat on a chair beside me. Two of the guys got chairs and sat opposite me and I watched their eyes going straight to my spread pussy because I hadn't closed my knees. What's more, Josh, when he had sat beside me, put a hand on my bare thigh. He wasn't holding my thigh and I guess that I could have pulled my leg away from him but I didn't, I was enjoying them looking at me.
That went on for about another 45 minutes before Josh decided that we should head home. The other guys sounded disappointed when Josh said it, and in a way I was until I started thinking about the party.
The walk home was uneventful possibly because it was getting late and there weren't many people out. The sex when we got home started as soon as we got through the apartment door and ended about an hour later.
*****
The money that we'd saved by Ms Harvey not wanting paying for the dresses was spent on booze and food for the party the next Saturday and we discussed who we wanted to invite. Josh has 2 brothers both slightly older than him and he invited them, one of them having helped us move things into the apartment.
I have one brother slightly older than me and a sister who has just turned 18. I was happy to invite them and I punched Josh when he asked if she had the same exhibitionistic tendency that I have. After the punch I thought about it Alison had never been the one for running from our shared bedroom to the bathroom to get changed, in fact she frequently just wore knickers when we were at home on our own, and she slept naked.
I told Josh those things and as I was doing so I saw that he had got a hard-on.
"You fancy Ali don't you?"
"Well she has got the same amazing body that you have but it's you that I love and you that I want to spend the rest of my life with."
"Good answer mate, but to be serious, if you want to fuck her and she wants to fuck you then it's okay with me."
That last sentence was said as I impaled myself on his hard cock, right there in the lounge area and in full view of anyone in the building who may have been looking.
*****
The party day and time finally arrived and I was still in the bathroom when the first guests arrived. Josh let my brother and sister in and took them to the kitchen without telling them that I would be naked when I joined them.
To say that they were surprised is a gross understatement.
"What the fuck are you doing Rachel?" Alison said.
"Fucking hell sis," Trevor said, "is Josh making you do this? Go and put some clothes on."
"Calm down Trev, the only person making me be like this is me, something happened a few moths ago and I realised that I like being naked. I like people seeing me naked. If you don't believe me come and see me at the shop."
"You're naked at work!? Fuck Rach, what's got in to you?"
"I just told you Trev, I like being like this, get over it or go."
"Well I can see why Josh likes you being naked, I never realised just how cute that body is. I guess that I could stay and keep ogling you even if you are my sister."
"And there's me thinking that I was the one that was a bit of an exhibitionist." Alison added.
"Right," Josh said, "now that we've got that out of the way who wants a drink."
I laughed then went and hugged Alison then Trevor.
"Woah there Sis, naked hug might just be taking it a bit far." Trevor said.
"Don't be stupid Trev," I replied. "it's only a body, we've all got one."
"Not like that we haven't, if I'm not careful I'll get a boner."
"Now that would be a compliment." I said.
"What have you done to my sister Josh?"
"I've only given her a little support for HER ideas."
"Well I guess that I should thank you Josh, the more I think about it the more I approve."
"Don't you go telling mum and dad." I said.
"No chance." Both Ali and Trev replied then Alison added,
"Mum would have a heart attack."
*****
The doorbell rang and I said that I'd get it. I knew that I'd get a little kick out of surprising whoever it was.
I did, but not as big as I had hoped, it was Harry and Justin who both grinned from ear to ear when they saw me.
"This is so much better than seeing you like that in a badly lit car park Rach, you're gorgeous, that Josh is one hell of a lucky bastard."
"Come in guys," I said, "the beer is in the kitchen and you can meet my brother and sister."
"You've invited your brother and sister Rach," Harry said, "you really are coming out aren't you?"
For the next half hour or so I was constantly shocking people when I opened the door and they saw me naked, and each one made my pussy tingle a little bit more. When the doorbell finally stopped ringing I started to circulate to get to know the people that I didn't know before that night. Well that's what I would have said if anyone had asked but the reality was that I wanted people to look at me.
Soon it was your typical party except that one of the girls there was totally naked. I was dancing and talking like any other girl there, and keeping up with the amount of drinking that the other girls were doing.
It was around midnight when things started to change. One of the guys said that I should dance on the coffee table. I certainly wasn't drunk but I was happy so I climbed on to the table and continued dancing.
Before long I noticed that quite a few of the guys had moved closer to me and were looking up at me. This prompted me to dance with my legs further apart and to thrust my pelvis forward at times.
After about 15 minutes Josh went and turned the music down then came over to me and told me to climb off the table. At first I thought that I'd somehow upset him but he kissed me and at the same time his right hand went between my legs and found my very wet pussy. I moaned and as he kissed me he fingered me, I was in heaven.
Then he broke the kiss and his hands came up to my shoulders and with a grin on his face he gently pressed down causing me to sit on the coffee table then lay back on it.
"Ladies and gentlemen," Josh said, "by now you all know that Rachel is an exhibitionist and that she is really enjoying being the only one naked here. What some of you may not have realised is that just being naked here isn't quite enough for her, she actually wants me to fuck her in front of you all. Right now that brain of hers is expecting me to spread her legs and then fuck her brains out well that isn't going to happen, well not right now. Before I do that I invite any and everyone of you who would like to taste her pussy to come and do just that. Leave the fucking to me later but I want anyone who want to to come and eat her pussy and make her cum as many times as you can. Right ladies and gentlemen form a queue and lets see how many times you can make her cum."
By that time my pussy was literally dripping with the anticipation. I lay back and rested on my elbows so that I could watch what was happening to me, and at the same time I spread my legs as wide as I could. I could see a queue forming and just about all the guys were in it as well as a couple of the girls, Alison, my sister, being one of them.
Harry was at the front of the queue looking down at my spread and very wet pussy just waiting for Josh to tell him that he could get started. Josh looked down at my face and saw that I was happy, then told Harry to get started and Josh gave me a long kiss as Harry's tongue got to work.
Oh my gawd, being eaten by one of Josh's mates whilst Josh himself was trying to eat my mouth and tongue was awesome. Josh was holding my head with both his hands so the hands on my little tits must have belonged to Harry.
I had my first orgasm of the night whist Josh was still trying to swallow my tongue.
Josh broke the kiss and looked down at my face. He saw the pleasure that I was having and he stepped back so that the others could see. My elbows gave way and I just lay there absorbing every little bit of the pleasure that I was having.
I didn't see Harry move away or who took over from him, all I could see was the top of the guys head but I didn't care who it was, I just lay back and let it happen. I guessed that the short breaks that my pussy got were when someone else took over but I wasn't looking to see, my eyes were either closed or looking up at Josh. I could see the bulge in his jeans and I so wanted his cock inside me but my thoughts kept getting interrupted as the tongues brought me to the next orgasm.
On and on it went with few seconds break when a new tongue took over, me gasping, moaning and cumming over and over.
At one point when the tongue wasn't so 'pleasure giving' I managed to get a few seconds to think about the different techniques that the people have when eating pussy, some people just licked up and down my lips, others just tried to get their tongues as deep inside me as they could, some licked round my clit, some gently chewed my clit and the best ones were those who did more than one of the above.
Sometimes the chin stubble rubbing my thighs told me that it was a man working on my pussy and other times the smell of perfume and the gentle way that my tits were getting groped made me think that it was a girl eating me.
As I said, most of the time I wasn't looking to see who was taking me to my next orgasm, I didn't really care who it was, I couldn't imagine that Josh would let it happen again, I just wanted to enjoy the moment for as long as it lasted.
I must admit that by the time it stopped I was exhausted, my whole pussy was feeling a bit raw and I'd lost count of the number of orgasms that I'd had. But my ordeal, no, that's totally the wrong word, but there are so many opposite words that none that I can think of do an adequate job of describing how I felt right then, wasn't over.
With me just laying there, with my legs still wide apart, I opened my eyes and saw Josh looking as happy as I'd ever seen him.
"Ready for the grand finale Rach?" He asked.
I managed to smile and nod my head as Josh unfastened his jeans and dropped them and his boxers to the floor. To the cheers of everyone there he stepped out of them and moved between my legs then lifted them high into the air.
As his rock hard cock entered me I somehow found a reserve of energy and I started thrusting up as he thrust down. My body hadn't properly come down from the last high and I quickly reached another peak and our groins thrust into the others so hard that I worried that he'd break my pubic bone.
I orgasmed again as I finally felt his seeds flood deep inside my body. My brain wasn't working too well at that moment but it seemed to register some cheering and applause which at that time didn't make much sense.
When Josh's cock softened he pulled out of me but he still held my ankles high in the air and he spread his arms as wide as he could.
"Ladies and gentlemen, with your help Rachel has just lived her number one fantasy. Thanks to every one of you."
There was more clapping and cheering but I was too exhausted to respond to it. Josh lowered my legs but left them wide apart which pleased me because my pussy was on fire, it really needed cool air to help it get back to normal.
Josh moved to my side then kissed me and told me that he'd get me a drink but no sooner than he'd gone Alison knelt beside me and lifted my head so that I could sip from the glass of water that she held.
"Wow sis, that was one hell of a fantasy that you have, any more like that? Are you okay?"
"I will be, just knackered and a bit sore."
"Hardly surprising."
"Did you eat my pussy Alison?" I asked.
"I did, and you were as sweet as ever Sis."
"I'll have to return the compliment sometime Ali, maybe get Josh too help me."
"Don't tempt me Rach, I might just take you up on that."
"Take you up on what?" Josh said as he arrived back holding another glass of water.
"Nothing." Both Alison and I replied, me still flat on my back and with no intention of getting up any time in the near future.
Soon after that people started leaving, all of them coming and thanking me for a great party. Some of the guys ran a finger up my still open slit or flicked a nipple as they thanked me to which I always replied,
"No, thank you, that was awesome."
When everyone had gone Josh came and knelt beside me.
"Are you okay Rach?"
"Yeah, just knackered."
"I'm not surprised. Are you happy though?"
"Ecstatic, can we have a party like that every week Josh?"
"I wish that we could afford to. We'll have to find other ways to meed your needs Rach but for now I think that it's time to christen the bath instead of having showers all the time."
"Are you going to join me Josh?"
"Try and stop me."
Josh picked me up and carried me to the bathroom. When there was a decent amount of hot water in it I got in and he got in behind me. I lay back with his boner pressing against my back and relaxed while Josh idly played with my nipples.
When the water started to cool we soaped each other, Josh gently washing my still sore pussy, then he used the shower to rinse us both off. Josh dried both of us then we went to bed where I curled up in the fetal position and Josh cuddled up behind me placing his hard cock at the entrance to my vagina. I shuffled back a little until his cock was deep inside me then I went to sleep.
*****
I woke the next morning with us both curled up in exactly the same way as when I went to sleep except that Josh's cock was slowly going in and out of my hole. When he realised that I was awake he said,
"Oh, you're not dead, I've been fucking you for a good half hour and apart from you cumming once already you haven't moved a muscle, not even in there." Josh said as he gave me sudden deep thrust into me causing me to gasp.
I moved forward and off his cock then got up, pushed him onto his back then rode him until we both came again.
"Did I really cum in my sleep?" I asked when we were both laying there in post coital bliss.
"Yes you did Rach, and not for the first time. It's nice laying next to you and watching you cum."
"I didn't know that girls could cum in their sleep?"
"Well you do, men aren't the only ones that have wet dreams you know."
"You'll have to video me doing that sometime so that I can see what I'm missing."
"That's a good idea Rach, I'll start leaving my phone by the bed. So, any regrets about last night?"
"Hell no, it was awesome. Did I ask you if we can do it every week?"
"You did, but we don't have the money. Maybe you should get a job as a nude model or something?"
"I doubt that I could do that, my hands would be drifting to my pussy all the time and they'd sack me for not keeping still."
"There's got to be some way to satisfy you sexual needs Rach."
"No, your cock does that but you know what I mean."
"I do, you just want people to see you like you are right now."