*This is my first submission, please be gentle. Any advice would be appreciated.
On our very first date, I knew Regina was going to be fun.
We attended the same high school back in the day. I joined the army after school, and she had gone out into the world, bouncing around to a few states, eventually ending up back in our home state of Montana. I had just returned home from the war in Afghanistan, and was hitting up old friends, going to the old hang out spots, looking for any sort of fun I could find. Within hours of me changing my Facebook info from "Lives in Afghanistan" to "lives in Montana", she had sent me a message.
In high school, she had been short, flat chested, and skinny. One look at her pictures told me that had changed. She was still short, but had filled out very nicely. Her A cups had turned into Ds, and her once flat ass was now delightfully full. Half Latina and half German, she was gorgeous by anyone's definition, with light skin, but dark brown hair and eyes. I messaged back right away and we decided I would pick her up after she got off work, and we would go to local Irish pub in town.
As I waited for her outside of her work, I wondered how closely she resembled her Facebook pics. Lighting, angles, and time could change people, and we were in our late twenties now. I was not disappointed when she walked out the door. She was wearing a professional looking white silk blouse, but I could tell that she had popped open an extra button for my benefit. Her bra was doing magical things, both to her cleavage, and my groin.
I got out of my truck and gave her a hug. We had been little more than acquaintances in high school, so it was a brief but friendly one. I followed her around to the passenger side, half to open her door for her, and half to check her out further. Her black skirt was tight, and it clearly showed faint panty lines near the top of her ass, signifying that she was wearing a thong. There was definitely a lot of side to side motion as she walked; she knew exactly what she was doing.
We played pool at the pub. She was good, and seemed to get better the more alcohol she consumed. While we played, we caught up on what we had both been doing after high school. She had heard I was in the military. In a small town like ours, nobody's business stayed private long. Her boyfriend of six years had recently cheated on her, so she had gotten a small apartment, and was ready to head out into the world alone.
After several rounds, and a pretty even score, she decided she wanted to make things a little more interesting. "How about we bet on this round?" she said, with an evil grin on her face.
"I'm already paying for all the drinks, and you're trying to get more money out of me?" I quipped back, playing along.
"Who said anything about money?" she replied as she leaned down low to rack the balls. Her breasts almost spilled out of her shirt, but she knew exactly where to stop to get the full effect without giving the bar a free show. "I want to see how physically fit you are, soldier boy. If I win, you get up on this table and do fifty pushups."
"I'm not sure the bartender would appreciate me getting up on the pool table."
"Fine, we'll go outside."
Intrigued, I asked, "and what if I win?"
"Well, pick an exercise for me to do."
"Fair enough. You break."
She sank two balls on the break, both stripes, so I was instantly behind. Luckily the alcohol finally seemed to be taking effect, and she missed several easy shots, giving me the opportunity to pull ahead, and ultimately win. She grabbed me by the hand and pulled me outside the pub into the parking lot. "Well, what do you want me to do? Jumping jacks?" she asked. As much as I loved the idea of watching her bounce up and down, I had a better plan.
"I've heard dancing is one of the most demanding exercises there is."
Her face went from playful, to shocked, to positively wicked. "Okay, but I only know one kind of dance..." she trailed off and grabbed my hand, pulling me to the back of my pickup. "Lap dance." She lowered my tailgate and shove me down onto it. We could still hear the music blaring from inside the pub, and she began swaying to the music in front of me. It was dark, and I didn't park near one of the large light poles, but anyone who walked close enough could see exactly what was going on. I couldn't believe she was going to give me a lap dance in the parking lot, with cars passing and people walking by at the end of the row, but I certainly wasn't going to be the one to stop her. She faced me and put one leg between mine up against my crotch, and sat down on my knee. I could feel the heat from groin as her skirt rode way up her legs. I'm certain anyone looking from behind probably got an eyeful of the bottom of her ass. I wasn't concerned about missing it however, because as she gyrated on my leg, her hands were busy on her chest, grabbing herself and squeezing and kneading. She slowly undid one more button, then another, and now I could clearly see down past her lacy bra, almost to her belly button.
Regina quickly pivoted on her right leg, swinging her left to the other side of me and turning around. My suspicions were confirmed; the bottom half of her ass was on display, and she was definitely wearing a g-string. As I admired her ass, she reached up behind and unclasped her bra through her shirt. As she did, a car pulled into a parking spot in the next row over, and the headlights illuminated her as if she was center stage in a strip club. She stopped dancing so as not to draw attention to herself, but she continued trying to get her bra off under her shirt. Unfortunately her blouse was not the stretchy variety, so after several seconds of struggle, she gave up. The headlights turned off and a man and a woman got out of the car, still oblivious to the lap dance happening the next row over. The couple began walking towards the pub, away from us. The man locked the vehicle, and the lights flashed quickly, giving Regina a scare. When it went dark again, she decided she would not deterred by a shirt, and quickly undid the rest of the buttons and pulled her arms out, letting the blouse fall to my lap.
She let the bra fall to the ground in front of her. With her back to me, I could see her breasts swell to the sides, glad to be free of there lacy cage. Regina reached behind her to put her hands back in the shirt, thrusting her breasts out freely. As she did, the headlights of the car flashed again. The man popped back into view, returning to the car for something. This time he saw us, and froze in his tracks. Regina froze too, as her hands were both partially into the sleeves of the blouse, unable to cover herself up.
"My hands are stuck, cover me!!" she squealed. I quickly obliged, and my hands came up onto her breasts. She wrestled with the shirt a bit longer, but was finally able to get it over her shoulders, and moved my hands as the blouse covered her. The man still stood dumbfounded, unable to move. Finally he spoke.
"Is everything alright over there?" he asked, and started walking towards us. Regina pulled the blouse closed as he approached.
"We're fine," she replied, "I'm just paying off a bet. Sorry for flashing you, don't tell your girlfriend!"
"Girlfriend? Oh, that was my sister. She's having a bachelorette party, and I'm her Man of Honor."
That familiar evil grin crossed Regina's face. "You mean you don't get to go to the bachelor party? That's not fair. I feel bad for you. Why don't you come over here for a bit? Maybe I can make up for it a little." He didn't hesitate to come over and stand directly in front of us, close enough to be out of the aisle. Regina began dancing again, and moved her hands from her blouse. It was still unbuttoned, and if fell loosely between her breasts, held closed only by her nipples catching on the inner seam. She reached her hands back behind my neck, and arched her back, resting her head on my chest and jutting her tits straight up into the air. Her nipples lost the fight with gravity, and the blouse fell open, full exposing her to man. I could now see over her and see what he was seeing, and it was glorious. Her breasts were incredibly firm for natural, large breasts, especially for her age. Her areolas were the size of a half dollar and rounded perfectly, and her nipples fit them perfectly. She winked slyly at me and then looked directly at him. "What do you think? Is this better than some lame bachelorette party?"
He stammered a yes and adjusted his crotch. "Look what I did to the poor guy," Regina cooed to me. "Do you think we should let him fix the problem?" Entranced by her body, I told her she can do whatever she wants, it's a free country.
Regina turned her eyes back to the man. "Why don't you take it out and relieve that problem? You can't exactly walk back into your sister's party with that situation, now, can you?" He had his cock out in record time, and began stroking it and she she rubbed her hands all over her body, pinching and pulling on her nipples and moaning. I couldn't resist anymore, and reached one hand up and grabbed a breast. I felt her shudder a little as I tweaked her nipple. The man got brave, and reached out and grabbed the other. She feigned a look of shock, then winked at him and pulled his head into her chest. he took her tit into his mouth and started licking and sucking, eliciting even more moans from Regina. That threw him over the edge, and he started shooting his load between our legs, underneath my truck. When she saw him start to come, she reached down and grabbed his cock, lightly squeezing at the base while stroking with the other.
As she milked the last few drops out, a car turned down the aisle, and lit the scene up brightly. There was Regina, skirt up to her waist, tits out, grinding on one man, another man's quickly deflating penis in her hands. She squealed and tried to cover up as the man shoved his cock back in his pants, mumbled a thank you and sprinted off. Regina quickly jumped off my lap and ran around to the passenger side of the truck and jumped in. I tried to collect myself as the car passed. The windows came down and I heard both male and female voices cheering as they drove by.
I got into the drivers seat, and look over at Regina. She had a combined look of embarrassment and ecstasy on her face. "I've never done anything like that before," she admitted. "But I want to do it again. Drive to Lincoln park."
Lincoln park was a small park on the edge of town. It was normally pretty busy during the day, but at night it cleared out, as it was mostly swing sets, merry-go-rounds, and such. As we approached, it was clear that it was empty save us.
"Leave the lights on and turn on the radio." She ordered as she got out of the pickup. "Stay here." I followed directions, and watched her walk directly in front of the car. She had never buttoned her shirt back up, and it flapped loosely, not even close to covering her breasts. She stood in front of the headlights and began dancing to the music.
The first thing to go was the shirt. She tossed it on the hood as she leaned over, pushing her tits up and together and grinned at the windshield. She was blinded by the headlights, so it was hard for her to make out my shape. My cock was at full mast at this point, so I took the opportunity to pull it out to relieve the pressure. She slowly turned and wiggled, gliding her skirt down her legs as she did. Regina now stood in only a g-string, illuminated brightly by the headlights, in the middle of the city park. That's when I saw the bikers.
I happened to glance in the rear view mirror, and saw two figures straddling bikes directly behind my truck. There was a bike path through the park, and it appeared that a neighborhood couple had decided to go for a night ride. I tried to decide what to do. Regina couldn't see them because of the headlights. As I pondered my options, I watched the hand of the left figure raise to the chest of the second figure, and they began kissing. It seems that the couple was choosing to stay silent and enjoy the show. I chose the same, and turned my attention back to Regina.
She had her fingers under the band of her g-string, and was slowly rocking her hips back and forth. With every movement, the band got lower and lower, until I could see the top of a neatly trimmed landing strip. She then turned around, and in one swift motion bent at the waist and pushed her g-string all the way to the ground, giving me(and the bikers) a quick glimpse of her pussy. She then leaned back onto the hood of my pickup and put two fingers in her mouth, slowly trailing them down to her wet pussy, and began rubbing her clit. I looked in the rear view mirror and saw that the bikers hadn't wasted anytime, and the woman was on her knees, with the man's cock buried deep in her throat. I reached down and turned on the bed light. The couple looked startled at first, but after a quick glance at each other for reassurance, continued. With the light on, I could see that her spandex top was unzipped and pulled down, exposing her small, athletic tits. The man held her long blonde hair back as she worked his cock, switching from her mouth to her hand, and back to her mouth.
Not wanting to be left out, I got out of the pickup and walked to the hood, where Regina now had two fingers buried deep into her pussy as she made circular motions on her clit with her other hand. She looked surprised as I moved her hands away, as if she had been so lost in ecstasy that she didn't hear me exit the truck. I buried my face between her legs, and she moaned loudly. Immediately after she moaned, the man behind the truck let out a guttural noise. Regina froze and looked at me panicked.
"There's a couple of bicyclists behind the truck that have been watching for several minutes. I was going to tell you, but I saw them start to play, and I didn't want to spoil the mood. Is that alright?" I explained.
Regina's mood changed. "It's more than alright. I've never done this, knowingly exposed myself like this before. This is so hot. I want to see them. I want to watch them fuck." She was lost in an animal state of lust, and began moaning louder as I resumed licking her clit. "Come up here, please!" she begged loudly to the other couple. We heard the sound of footsteps as they approached.
The woman stepped into the warm glow of the headlights first. She still had her top down, her perky little tits bouncing as she walked. Following very closely behind was the man, because the woman had her hand wrapped around his cock through his unzipped pants and was pumping him as they approached.
Regina smiled brightly at them. "You're so beautiful," she said to the woman. "Come lay next to me." The woman smiled back sheepishly. "We're sorry for spying. When I first saw you dancing, I was shocked. But you're so sexy, and the sight of you moving like that made me so horny. I couldn't keep my hands to myself."
"Then don't," Regina said as the woman approached her. She grabbed the woman's hand and placed it on her left breast. "Touch anything you want."
The woman began squeezing Regina's tits and playing with her nipples, giving them little pinches and twists. She then leaned forward and took Regina's nipple in her mouth. "Is this okay?" she asked between sucks. "It's amazing." Regina moaned, putting her hand on the back of the woman's head. The man positioned himself behind the woman and entered her with one thrust, causing her to scream into Regina's breast. Not one to be outdone, I stood up, dropped my trousers and eased my cock into Regina's warm wet pussy. The woman slowly moved her mouth up Regina's body, eventually making her way to her mouth, locking them into a deep, passionate kiss. As the man and I pounded into them, I felt Regina's pussy tighten, and she screamed.
"I'm coming! Oh, god, I'm coming!" she yelled out. The woman's face then twisted into a face of pure animal pleasure as Regina's orgasm sent her over the edge as well. The women took turns screaming as they came down from their high, and the woman began nibbling on Regina's ear as the man and I continued to fuck them.
The man began grunting and thrusting harder. Regina yelled "Show me! Come on her ass! I want to see it!" He pulled out of the woman as the first rope burst from the his cock. It shot well over the woman's ass, and hit her shoulder. The second was even more forceful, and most of it ended up on Regina's neck and tits. As the man continued unleashing his seed all over the woman's back and ass, the woman began licking the cum off of Regina. As she lapped up the last drop, she looked down over Regina's tits and licked her lips at me. That was the last straw as I felt an explosion welling up inside of me.
I pulled out of Regina and began pumping my seed onto her stomach. The woman was apparently still hungry, because she bent down and opened her mouth, trying to catch my cum as it flew. Anything she missed she greedily lapped up off of Regina's stomach and tits. When she got it all, she moved back up to Regina's face, and began kissing her again. I saw Regina's face turn to a look of surprise, then back to her trademark evil grin. The woman was spitting my cum into her mouth! Regina swallowed, then licked the rest of my cum off of the woman's face. After one more passionate kiss, the woman got up off the hood, then her and the man got redressed and rode off without a word. Regina laid there for several minutes, before letting out a gasp.
"What's wrong?" I asked as I pulled my pants up.
"Look." she replied and pointed up towards the tree we were parked under. I looked up and saw what she was pointing at. A small blinking red light appeared as my eyes adjusted from the glare of the headlights. A security camera was aimed down almost directly at us! She giggled playfully and asked, "Do you think that it's monitored?" and bounced her tits for the camera. Not a second passed before we heard the sound of a small electric motor. The camera was moving up and down, as if to signify "yes".
Regina, still naked on the hood of the truck, laughed and blew the camera a kiss. She then slowly got up and gathered her clothes. Before she got into the passenger side, she looked at the camera one more time. She brought her left nipple up to her mouth and began sucking it and rubbing her clit, putting on a show for whoever was watching. Dropping her tit, she gave the camera a grin, waved and sat down. I shrugged at the camera and hopped into the truck.
She never got dressed as I drove her back to her car in her work's parking lot. She just lazily rubbed her clit and squeezed her nipples, eyes closed the entire time. My truck was low enough that anyone who happened to glance over would see at least her chest up, and anyone in a larger vehicle would see everything. And several did see everything, as she never made any attempt to cover herself the entire trip. I pulled up next to her car and nudged her. She looked around, then opened the door and got out, still naked. I got out too, and walked around to open her door for her.
"So, is it safe to say that I'm going to see you again?" I asked.
"Absolutely. I wrote my number on a napkin at the bar, but i can't remember what pocket I put it in." She then threw all of her clothes in the bed of my truck. "You better check them all, just in case." Pulling me in close, she kissed me hard, gave my ass a slap, and got into the driver's seat of her car, still completely nude. "I wonder if any of my neighbors are still awake. It's a long walk to the end of my hall in my apartment building." She said with a wink, started her car and drove away.