We spent the time together in our room reconnecting. It started with a shared shower, where we cleaned the sand from the beach off of each other. We kissed. Tasting the lips of my sweet wife was rejuvenating.
But then, I went to touch her pussy, which I had avoided during our rinsing, and she ever slightly backed away. I looked at her face and she was biting her bottom lip. It was an intentional move. Her eyes told me that she had some inner turmoil she didn't want to verbalize.
"You don't want me to even touch your pussy, do you?"
She briefly shook her head. She had made a decision but was nervous about telling me.
"It's your last night with him and you want your pussy to be just his for the rest of it."
"Yes," she said weakly, happy I understood without her having to spell it out for me. "That's ok, right?"
I felt my face get flush. Not out of anger, but arousal. This whole adventure started because she discovered my fetishizing of cuckolding. She had her own desires and some grew out of wanting to give me what I sought. But she was fully into it all now as well.
"Yes," I replied.
"Does it turn you on that I just want him and not you? That's what you wanted, right?"
My erection told her my answer before my words did. "Yes. Yes, it is."
"Terry said it would turn you on."
I hadn't heard her refer to him by this shortened version of his name. It displayed a new level of intimacy between them and reminded me of the time I spent away from them. They had done more than just have sex. They had even talked about me and my turn-ons.
"Terry?"
"Yeah. But... don't call him by that, ok? He doesn't like to be called that by anyone else, but he... likes it from me."
I nodded. As I was reflecting on our discussion, I saw sadness in her eyes.
"You're sad this is your last night with him. You wish you could continue, don't you."
Again, she bit her bottom lip and nodded.
"Would you want to see him again after we get home?" I asked her.
She looked at me with a glimmer of hope. "Do you think that is wise?"
I got her meaning on multiple levels. Taking our new adventure from excusable "vacation rules" to potentially making it a lifestyle for us would be a massive step, even more than the one we took to test the waters during this vacation. What would that mean for us trying to start a family? How would that affect our careers, our friends, and our family?
I shrugged in response. "I honestly don't know. There's a part of me that recognizes we've opened a door that won't be so easy to close. And there's a part of me that doesn't really want that door to close. But I also recognize that you've fallen pretty hard for him in a very short amount of time. I can't imagine what more time with him will do for your feelings for him. It scares me and excites me in equal parts."
She nodded, silently reflecting on what I'd said.
I thought about what Terence said earlier, about a surprise. "Hannah, do you know what his surprise is?"
Again, she bit her bottom lip. Her tell. "Yeah. I can prep you for it, but I can't tell you."
I smiled. It was cute seeing her so conflicted.
"There's a rented suit in the closet for you to put on. I had it brought up when we were out at the beach. We're going to have an interesting night out before, well before Terry takes over my body for the rest of the night."
My eyebrow went up. A suit seemed overkill for a night in Hawaii, so I was intrigued.
"I also have a new dress. Well, more than a dress, an outfit. Terry bought it for me yesterday and gave it to me last night. You get to help me put it on to prepare me for our date. My date with Terry. Don't worry- you will be present for all of it. Terry and I both want that. And babe, tonight is going to push a lot of your cuckold buttons. I hope you are prepared and you can enjoy it for what it is."
As with all of this, I felt filled with a little dread and a lot of thrill at her teases.
The outfit was a bit of what you'd expect. A new lingerie set- matching strapless bra and panties in black lace, very see-through, and a matching garter belt with black hose. They were obviously very expensive and I'm sure only a small handful of stores on the island would even have them in inventory. The dress was hot. The best I can describe it was a real-world version of what Jessica Rabbit wore in "Who Framed Roger Rabbit". Strapless, red, sequined with slits on either side that went all the way up to her waist, meaning that her garter belt and hose tops would be seen constantly.
When she had it all on along with her makeup and hair done up, my heart about exploded. While her typical retro look made her look like a classy 50's/60's starlet, in this dress she looked like a bombshell pinup that G.I.'s would paint on planes and beat off to in their cots at night. She went from Grace Kelly to Marilyn Monroe.
It wasn't lost on me that she put her panties on over her garter belt.
"So, I guess you like? Not too over the top?" she asked.
"You look amazing. I hardly recognize you."
"That's kind of the idea. I am not your wife tonight. I'm Terry's date."
I swallowed hard at hearing that.
I looked good in the suit she got me. It looked like I had money, for sure. I was very intrigued about where we would be going in these getups.
---------
We arrived at Terence's suite a few minutes early. I could tell Hannah was nervous. Just before I was about to knock on the door to his suite she stopped me.
"I want you to remember that I love you and I always will. This is all for you. Well, mostly for you," she told me with a glimmer in her eye.
She surprised me by pulling a keycard out of her clutch and using it on the door. At some point, Terence had given her a key to his room.
"Hello, Terry?" she announced our arrival.
"Welcome, Hannah and John. Come on in. Our other guests are already here," Terence announced.
Inside the suite as we walked through the foyer and into the main seating area my breath was taken away as I saw the guests he mentioned. On the couch, sitting next to one another was an elderly white man, likely in his 70s, and Suzy, the hotel bartender.
The elderly man had a suit not dissimilar in quality to the one I was wearing. Suzy was in a black sequined dress that attached behind the neck leaving her back exposed and had a big plunging section in the front that showed off her ample bosom. Her arms and back were exposed as they were also showing off tattoos that I had only seen hinted at in the more formal long-sleeved uniform she wore as a bartender.
Terence stepped forward which made me finally take my attention off the very unexpected pair on the couch before us.
Terence looked like a million bucks. Wearing a suit that looked like it cost a fortune, he could easily be mistaken for a celebrity athlete. While I don't recall if we had ever discussed it, I wouldn't have been surprised at all to learn he had played some ball while in college.
Hannah's face lit up when she also turned her attention to him from our guests. I got the impression she was also a bit surprised at least one of their presence.
"Hannah, John, allow me to introduce our fellow collaborators in tonight's events. First, and I believe you have met him before briefly Hannah, this is Saul Greenberg. Saul is my boss and longtime mentor. Part of this evening's events will be a celebration of his upcoming retirement."
"Long overdue," Saul laughed.
Terence smiled. "Saul took me under his wing when I started with my previous firm and I followed him to the one we currently work for. It's due to his guidance that I have been as successful as I am."
"Oh, Terence. You know you earned it all yourself. I just... taught you the ropes and cleared a couple of hurdles that shouldn't have been in your way, to begin with. You have brought me far more value in your success than I could have ever given to you."
Terence beamed with pride at the words from his mentor. Their relationship was obviously a close one. All of this didn't quite explain his presence for what I thought was just a date to wind up my wife for this evening's bedroom adventures.
"And then, last but certainly not least, Suzy Kameāloha. I believe you both know her from our hotel bar, John especially."
That last bit hung in the air and I suddenly worried that Hannah would read more into it than there was. Again, I was struck by the question as to why Suzy was here. Sitting next to Saul as she was, could she possibly be here as his date?
"I can see by the look on John's face that he has many questions. I can answer some of them. First, an explanation of our plans for this evening. I told you that I was here for a business conference and tonight is our company's annual awards banquet. We'll be going to the ballroom for that banquet together. If you haven't guessed already, Hannah will be accompanying me as my date. As far as anyone knows, Hannah either came with me to attend this event or I picked her up here at the resort. No one will really care about the reason she's here though, just how good she'll look on my arm."
Hannah blushed and had already moved over next to him during his explanation and the gulf between us suddenly felt very wide.
"Now, I think it goes without saying that both Saul and Suzy are aware of our... relationship. Saul is my friend who has been more than aware of my... extra-curricular activities. And Suzy, who not only witnessed me picking Hannah up in the bar but apparently spoke at length about it with John last night. It would be hard to explain why John would attend our company banquet, but Saul and I have gotten him an invite as a potential client of mine that I met here at the resort. Suzy will be joining us to pose as John's date, to deflect any suspicions that he and Hannah our a couple. Make sense?"
It did. While seemingly convoluted on the surface, the brilliant simplicity of how it would appear to others was amazing. Terence had concocted a way for me to witness him showing Hannah off as his trophy date while deflecting any suspicions of what was really going on. Saul being involved would be the glue as no one would question an elderly executive's motives at a company gathering.
Terence continued after seeing acceptance from both Hannah and me. "There is one thing I mentioned earlier, the surprise we discussed earlier that Hannah had agreed to. Saul and I, knowing each other for years, have often spoken about women. Our love for beautiful ones, the two ladies in this room would qualify, and one specific recurring thought. We both have often looked at beautiful women we have come across and, as most men likely do, have contemplated what those women look like without the clothes they are wearing when we meet them or, in some cases, just see them. Now, in most cases, you can't just ask a woman you meet to take their clothes off so your curiosity can be sated. But after I described to Saul what a stunning beauty I met and had the privilege to be with, he instantly recognized having met lovely Hannah. I asked Hannah if she would be willing to allow me to show her body to my mentor this evening and she graciously agreed. I hope that is ok with you, John, but I think you know that tonight you don't really get a say."
I blushed as Terence's comment firmly established, if it was not already known by both of his guests, my submissive role in this relationship. I also noted to myself that Saul must have been the man she described running into on her way to the masseur appointment.
At this, he walked over to my wife, stood behind her, and unzipped the back of her dress that I had just a few minutes previous had zipped up for her. The dress fell from her front revealing her nearly transparent bra to all of us in the room. Saul looked transfixed and I noticed Suzy wasn't blinking. Terence pushed the dress past Hannah's hips, causing it to fall to the floor, revealing her nearly transparent panties, along with her garter belt and hose.
"Now, I didn't mention to Hannah that I was going to show her to Saul this early in the evening, John. Just so you know. I wanted to do it earlier so that Saul would have the image of her naked body throughout our evening out."
I saw Hannah shiver at this thought, that Terence was making her exposure to Saul before spending time with him a source of recurring arousal. When exhibitionists flash someone, typically it's in a situation where their continued exposure to their targets is brief and likely not to be seen again. To be exposed and then forced to spend time with someone you're been exposed to is delicious in its naughtiness. The age gap between Hannah and Saul added a layer of taboo that also excited me. Saul was easily old enough to be her father or possibly even a grandfather.
Terence didn't stop by just showing her body to him in her underwear. He undid her bra and I watched as she submissively stood there without covering her breasts up. He followed this up by hooking his thumbs into the sides of her thong panties and pulling them down off of her sex.
Saul and Suzy both took in my wife dressed only in her garter belt, hose, and heels. To be honest, standing exposed like she was, framed in the remaining accessories, she looked like a high-class escort, a thought that sent a chill up my spine.
Terence whispered something in Hannah's ear. Her eyes went wide at first but then settled into a highly aroused heavy-lidded look. She nodded to him and then stepped forward to be standing just before Saul.
"Mr. Greenberg, would you like to touch my body? Anywhere except for my... pussy. It belongs to Terence."
The eroticism of this evening was already high for me after Terence stripped her in front of these two strangers. Her telling the pair of them that her pussy belonged to Terence while I was standing not five feet away was almost too much. I seriously nearly came in my suit pants without touching myself. I saw Terence smile at me, obviously catching the effect the actions were having on me. If I had any doubts that part of what he was getting out of this was the torture he was putting me through, that smile eliminated all doubt.
I could also see a flush go across Hannah's body. He was playing her like a fiddle and I'm certain her pussy was moistening significantly. He had pushed her far beyond her normal comfort zone and she was enjoying the embarrassment of his dominant command to expose and offer herself to him.
Saul seemed very controlled and respectful, but he couldn't pass up the opportunity to touch my gorgeous nearly naked wife. His right hand moved up to her left breast. He was very gentle- he caressed lightly under her tit, feeling the softness of her skin and judging the heft of it. His fingertips slipped around the top of the breast and came down to skim her nipple. Hannah shivered visibly. I knew how sensitive her nipples are, so I had no doubt how much this was affecting her.
Without prompting, she moved to straddle him on her knees, putting her breasts a breath away from his face.
"If you want to lick my nipples, please feel free to."
Who was this woman in my wife's body? The vision of her essentially naked on the lap of this suited elderly executive was beyond hot.
Saul became less timid after her more direct offer. He recognized the dropping of her guard as a sign that he could get a little more aggressive with her.
He reached behind her, grasped both cheeks of her ass in his wrinkled hands, and squeezed her. He then leaned forward and took her right nipple into his mouth. Hannah moaned and glanced over to Suzy with a look I believed to be expressing some attraction. Hannah had never expressed to me any interest in other women, but I think this trip had exposed that there were many unspoken sexual desires we both hadn't shared with each other. They were mere inches apart and there was some definite electricity between them.
Saul's ministrations were driving her crazy. He moved to her left nipple and gave it the same treatment while continuing to squeeze her ass.
"Alright, alright, already. Damn, Hannah. Didn't I tell you she was hot Saul?" Terence interrupted their building fervor. "We're going to be really late to dinner."
Hannah smiled a sexy smile and kissed Saul on his forehead as she was extricating herself from his lap and grasp. She had to use her wrist to wipe away the kiss mark left due to her fresh lipstick. This caused her to giggle along with Suzy who also found the humor in it.
"Sorry to cut you short, Saul," Terence apologized.
Saul just laughed. "That's quite alright. I suspect we'd reached the limit of anything I was going to be able to do to that sweet Hannah of yours."
My brain pinged with the "sweet Hannah of yours" Saul had said. If I could go any deeper in my cuckspace I had yet to experience it.
Hannah had completed re-dressing except she still needed to be zipped up. Instead of coming to me, she went to Terence to do it. She did however give me a wink. I wasn't missing from her thoughts, but she was putting me second to Terence.
Saul straightened himself up and verified he was decent in the mirror. I noticed he intentionally looked at his crotch to, I'm assuming, make sure Hannah hadn't dripped vaginal juices on his suit pants.
Suzy came over to me. "Hey there."
It was such a casual thing to say after what she had just experienced.
"How in the world did you get involved in this?"
"Terence got the hotel to give him my phone number. He was inviting me just based on me being there the night they met. He didn't know about our talk last night. It made what he proposed a little easier of a sell," she said with a grin.
"Still want to get with my wife?" I joked.
"Like a million times more than before," she said with a slightly hoarse laugh. "But you know I'm here for you tonight, right?"
She said the last bit a little more seriously. Was she flirting with me?
"Yeah?" I asked, incredulously.
"Yeah," she confirmed with a sexy smile.
I glanced toward Hannah and saw that she was reapplying her lipstick in the bathroom vanity while discussing something with Terence. Terence smiled and stepped away.
"Alright people. Are we ready to head out?" Terence called out like a drill sergeant.
We paired up and joined Saul in the hallway as Terence closed the door to his room behind us.
We were quite the group in the elevator together. Hawaiian Suzy and me. Hannah and Terence. And elder executive Saul. I saw Hannah give a smile that was... nervous. It made me wonder if something they spoke about while she was fixing her makeup concerned her. Or was it seeing Suzy and me together as a 'couple'?
We quickly made the short trek from the elevator on the ground floor to the banquet hall. It was done up to the max. The company had spared no expense to make their last evening event a big deal. Gobo lights were flying logos for their company on the floor and ceiling. Balloon arches and streamers were everywhere. To keep with the Hawaiian theme, event folks were handing out high-end leis made with real flowers to those who wanted them. Suzy rolled her eyes a bit but, as I suspected she might be in some trouble if hotel management saw her out with us, she made no fuss.
I do have to say that my attraction to her when I met her while she was tending the bar was well deserved. Seeing how well she dressed up that night proved it. Of course, my noticing of her comeliness was fleeting in comparison to my attention on Hannah on Terence's arm. My wife was stunning and nearly every eye in the place, whether they belonged to men or women, was on Terence and Hannah. I realized quickly that Terence was to receive an award this evening as the top earner for the brokerage firm. Saul was to receive a 'lifetime' achievement award to mark the significant contributions he had made to the organization during his tenure there.
I quickly became a bit of a joke within the event as Saul would brag that Terence was so good he had landed a potential whale of a client while on this corporate retreat. The irony is that I, a humble musical composer for mid-tier television shows, and Hannah (who they didn't know was with me) was a teacher at a community college would be considered a potential big client was humorous in some regards. But it also put a big highlighter on the fact that this was a dream vacation for us that I had to put in nearly 20 extra hours a week for a couple of months to afford versus a trip Terence and Saul were gifted annually as a bonus for their performance. They could each probably pay for this trip out of their own pockets and consider it a rounding error. Would that realization come to Hannah and make Terence more attractive to her as a true replacement for me?
What's more, is that the humor the other brokers showed about the concocted story felt like they were laughing about the ludicrousness of the reality. Or that they knew he was cuckolding me.
Cuckold angst bubbled in my throat, saved only by Suzy asking me if I would take her out on the dance floor for a dance. I wasn't sure if she was just trying to get into the role as my date or if she saw the signs of my angst on my face. I followed her lead and took her in my arms for a slow dance.
She leaned in towards my ear and said, "Hey, are you doing ok?"
Obviously, she had seen me looking dismayed.
"Yeah. It's just. I wasn't prepared for all of this."
"You are playing a high-stakes game tonight. But Hannah loves you. I can tell. It might seem an odd comment with all I know and what I've seen between you two, but there is a strong link. Even if she's having some fun playing as if there isn't."
"So what about you. Why are you doing this?"
"I have my motivations. Chief among them is I like you. If I can help soften the sharp edges so it works better for you, that'll make me happy," she said softly.
I had to admit I was skeptical about her rationale, despite there being no good reason to doubt her.
"I should have said before now, but you look stunning tonight."
"'Bout time you noticed," she said jokingly but I saw the blush in her cheeks. She leaned in and gave me a soft peck on the cheek that made me even more interested in her lips.
We finished dancing to the song and made our way to our assigned table. We were set up at the table with Saul, Terence, and Hannah. I suspect someone got bumped to accommodate Suzy and me but never heard any specific grumblings. It felt like we were at the cool kid's table as nearly everyone at the banquet at some point made their way over to our table to congratulate Terence and Saul. The food was amazing for mass-produced banquet fare. The wine and liquor were top-shelf stuff.
I tried to get into the night for what it was and enjoy our front row seats to Terence sweeping Hannah off her feet. She seemed extremely smitten, full of NRE, and loved the attention. Terence was all over her right up to the edge of impropriety at a work function. Slightly more than chaste kisses. Hand on her exposed knee under the table, largely visible to me due to my seat placement. A couple of on the cusp of gropey dances on the dance floor. He was playing it smooth but making it known this woman with him excited him and that he would be enjoying her fully once back in his room.
As dinner was cleaned up, they began the awards ceremony. My jaw dropped open when an extremely famous comedian took the stage to open with some jokes and then serve as MC for the event. They must have dropped a cool million to get him to do this gig. There was an almost borderline joke about Saul Greenberg not possibly being a real name for a broker, that he had to be some kind of Jewish pre-constructed model broker. Saul found it hilarious though, so we all relaxed and joined in the laughter. He got to the stage and got choked up about his impending retirement and bragged about Terence's success and how he'd be leaving him in excellent hands. He also made a joke about Hannah, something to the effect that every girl Terence showed up with to these events seemed to be prettier than the last and how he'd hoped that he'd finally found the one to settle down with but as Hannah didn't know Terence's last name yet that he wasn't that hopeful. I was afraid Hannah would be mortified by that, but she laughed hard.
The comedian followed Saul, jokingly angry about Saul being way funnier than the comedian himself and he wouldn't have taken the gig if he knew he'd be upstaged by a guy named 'Saul Greenberg'. The place exploded in laughter. He followed it up with a callback to Saul's comment about Hannah, suggesting that he was sure the charges for her would end up in the same line item for him- 'entertainment'. This guy was calling my wife a whore. Terence laughed it off and Hannah was laughing as well, although shaking her head to indicate to all watching that was not the case.
The comedian then found himself in the awkward position of welcoming Terence to the stage for his award for Broker of the Year. The comedian wasn't a tall guy and when Terence came on stage to take the award the comedian go down on one knee as a joking display of submission. Terence laughed it off and took the award while helping the comedian back to his feet. He gave a short but excellent motivational speech to rally his co-workers and included a sincere desire to honor his mentor Saul by assisting the next generation of young hires in their company. He ended his speech by thanking the comedian for the good jokes and added that the funniest one he told was suggesting that he'd need to pay for a date. The comedian laughed and applauded the slapback which the whole audience enjoyed as well.
That wrapped the events and while some folks were going to keep the night going with the music to dance to and the open bars, Terence suggested that we could head out at that time without fuss.
--------------
We headed back to the elevator and all got off on the top floor. Saul made his excuses to leave, telling us what a pleasure it was to meet us. He gave a kiss to Hannah on her cheek along with a whisper in her ear and then kissed Suzy on the cheek as well.
Terence opened the door and led Hannah in. I stepped aside to let Suzy in before me but she stopped short of entering.
"This is where I get off the ride as well, partner," she said in a mock cowboy accent.
"Oh?" I asked.
"Yeah, what awaits you in there is for you and them alone. It was nice spending time with you. It would be nice to have the opportunity to spend some more time with you..."
She floated that last bit and I didn't understand what she meant. She might not have understood that this was to be our last night here, but I was suddenly afraid I might be missing something in the suite between Terence and Hannah so I didn't ask what she meant.
I went to give her a quick peck on her cheek but she moved slightly and we ended up lips to lips. It was still a quick peck between us, but I was certainly surprised and her eyes made it seem like it was entirely intentional.
"Umm, thanks for being with me tonight. You did make it easier," I said as I smiled at her.
She walked back towards the elevator and I found myself torn between seeing her go and heading into the suite. The latter won and I was rewarded for that to see my wife's dress fall to the floor again before me.
"Hi, babe. Did you have a nice time tonight?" she asked standing in her lingerie with Terence behind her. Her voice carried a slight tone of annoyance.
"Um, yeah. I mean, I could hardly take my eyes off of you."
"It sure looked like that wasn't much of an issue," she said, dripping in sarcasm.
I started to stammer and apologize, but Terence stepped in.
"It's ok Hannah. I asked Suzy to be here so that he'd be less of a third wheel and to make it easier for us to enjoy this evening with him as a witness. As far as I saw, your husband was a perfect gentleman with Suzy who merely played the role. He was watching you a vast majority of the time. I certainly have had several clients eye fuck my dates when we were out together, so it wasn't too unusual."
It felt weird having Terence step in to defend me and having Hannah angry at me. His words though did seem to calm her down, so I was thankful for that.
He began to rub up and down the sides of Hannah's body with his hands.
"So, how did you like being shown off to Saul like that?" he asked her with his mouth very close to her ear.
"It was... strangely hot."
"You have a bit of an old man fetish?"
Hannah groaned, "I... I didn't think so, but something about it... excited me."
"You would've fucked him if I told you to, wouldn't you?" he asked her.
Hannah looked up at me as she answered, "Yes. I wanted you to ask me to."
"I know," he replied to her. "But I wouldn't have done that. Remember, your pussy is mine."
"That's why I would have done it. If you told me to. When I thought you might, I got exciting thinking about what his dick looked like and how dirty it would have been to do in front of you, John, and Suzy."
Terence undid her bra as she said this and I could see how hard her nipples stood out.
"Heh. See now I'm regretting not having done that. To see Saul, who's like a second father to me, get his rocks off in your pussy would've been hot. Or maybe I would have given him your ass since your pussy is mine."
"Uuuuhhhh," Hannah moaned at the naughtiness of his statement.
"Hannah, tell him. It's time," he prompted her.
"What?" she seemed confused about what he wanted her to tell me.
Terence pulled down her panties again and reached from between her legs cupping her pussy with his hand.
"Oooohh," she said both in acknowledgment and a moan. "John, Terence owns my pussy."
I swallowed hard, "Yes, honey, I know."
"No, you don't understand... It's his completely tonight. I... didn't take my pill today. And I... I may have missed taking it yesterday. I'm likely still safe but... there's a higher possibility I'm not."
"What?!?" I exclaimed.
"That's ok, right? Doesn't it turn you on?" she asked with pleading in her eyes.
Did it? Of course. Did I want her to risk it? The reality presented before me sat bitterly in the back of my throat.
Sensing my indecision, she spoke up. "Well... You could always ask Terry to pull out. Terry, you'll pull out if John tells you to, right?"
"Well, I don't know... It is MY pussy, right? But you'd have to live with the consequences. And I promised John I wouldn't harm your relationship. How about this- I'll give you a warning when I'm about to cum. If you want me to pull out, John, just say so and I will. But if you say nothing..." Terence explained.
"He'll cum in me with less protection than usual. Babe, I'll be ok with whatever decision you make," Hannah said looking me right in the eye.
"Come here, John," Terence instructed me.
I came to stand before them. He had me sit in a chair and then bent Hannah over me. She put her hands on my shoulders and she grunted. He was penetrating her, bare, with her leaning on me for support. It occurred to me that he didn't seem to have the same difficulty entering her that he had when they first began fucking. She was accommodating his cock much easier.
Her face was inches from mine and he began pumping into her. He had lost his clothes at some point, so I saw his muscular chest over her shoulder. Taking my wife from me, like a conquering invader.
I looked into Hannah's eyes and saw love. Love for me. While it was a bit difficult as he was pounding her so hard, she took her right hand off my shoulder and caressed my cheek. She mouthed "I love you". I leaned forward and kissed her deeply. Each thrust he gave her pushed her hard into my lips.
The truth was, I loved this. I loved her. I loved watching her take Terence's big cock. I loved that she was taking his black cock bare. I knew it was ridiculous to even consider letting him cum inside her. I felt like she was just toying with her fantasy and indulging in my interest in it. Heck, I didn't even know whether she had taken her pills or not. I couldn't imagine she really would be popping something as big as this up without a plan. We'd discussed our arousal around it but never made any decision.
The look on her face was of pure joy.
"You look so beautiful," I told her softly.
"I feel so good with him inside of me. He makes me feel so good," she moaned.
"I love that you're enjoying yourself. I don't want this to end for you."
"Baby, I love him owning my pussy," she told me, eyes smoldering.
"I know."
"I think you love him owning my pussy. That's your fantasy, isn't it?"
I had a hard time getting my words out. "Yes."
"He fucks me better than you. It only makes me love you more than you are willing to give this up, allowing me to feel this pleasure. And it turns me on to have him take it from you."
Now it was my turn to moan. I was still dressed and my pants were tenting. I felt harder than I ever have. She noticed as she looked down at my crotch.
"Take it out," she told me. He was pumping her so hard now it was getting more difficult for her to get the words out.
I unbuckled my belt and undid my pants. I pulled my pants and underwear down and my dick stood up facing her. She moaned again when she saw my erection, I'm sure it helped that he was screwing her so well with his big member.
"I want you to cum for me. Show me how much you love seeing him fuck me. Seeing him take my pussy from you."
I began rubbing myself as she asked me to. Her words stopped as what he was doing for her became too much. She still had both hands on my shoulders but now she had her head hanging down staring at me rubbing myself.
Her legs started trembling and I felt the need to use my extra hand to help hold her up but it was quickly clear that his hold on her hips was strong. Between her weight on my shoulders and him holding her, her feet left the ground for a minute as her orgasm overcame her.
"Goddamn, John. This pussy is so good. Why would you ever let me have it?" Terence called out.
"Take it, Terence. Take her pussy. Make her scream on your big black cock."
It was so stupid to be so fixated on the color of his skin. He was a good guy who happened to have a big cock that I had encouraged my wife to enjoy. Mere days ago I would never have thought we'd get here, with Hannah taking another man's cock into her. I desired to see it for years, but I was too ashamed to tell her. She had to find out on her own. She was thankfully not angry with me but turned on by it. And now, she was on the cusp of indulging not only in my fantasy but hers. Something dark she herself had never shared with me.
"That's what it's about, isn't it John? You want her to have my black seed, don't you?" Terence asked with laughter in his voice. Maybe mocking or perhaps he just found the situation humorous.
He knew what I wanted. I wanted it because I knew that's what she wanted. But I couldn't say it.
My dick did my talking for me. I came hard watching him fucking her up close. She looked up from my rapidly deflating penis, staring me in my eyes. It felt like she was daring me to allow him to finish in her.
"Here it comes, John. I'm about to cum. Your wife's pussy is so good. Do I need to pull out? She left it up to you, but you better make your decision fast."
Maybe my answer might have been different if I hadn't cum already. If I was still aroused, I don't think I would've stopped him.
"No, Terence. Don't cum in her. Please don't."
Terence did as I asked. He pulled out and bellowed as he came all over my wife's back and ass.
Hannah had a big smile. She kissed me hard and put her hands on the back of my head to hold me tight to her. Her reaction surprised me. Was this all a test? I was confused.
It was late but not so late. I knew the night was not over. I knew they'd want to have sex again since this was to be their last night.
Terence stepped away and got a towel to clean her back off. Her legs were weak so after he cleaned her, Terence and I helped her to the bed. He nodded toward her, encouraging me to join her. He stepped into the bathroom to I guess to clean himself up leaving us alone.
Hannah's eyes were partially closed and she seemed to be enjoying her post-orgasmic bliss.
"Are you good, babe?" I asked her.
"So good, honey. So good."
"I'm sorry. I'm sorry I couldn't say yes to him."
Her eyes opened wider and she smiled again. "Oh, hon. It's ok. It was crazy to even think it, right?"
"You didn't forget your pill yesterday, did you?"
"I don't know. Maybe I did. Maybe I didn't."
She was still fucking with me. But I finally got it. It was Schrodinger's cat. It was hot not knowing if it was really a risk. I had to trust her to do what was right for us. It's not like there isn't a morning after pill now. She wasn't disappointed in my choice. I think in many ways, she was happy that I blocked her from taking that risk, that the decision was taken out of her hands. And my choice also meant I wasn't completely submissive which I believe turned her on as well.
Terence came back out of the bathroom and joined us on the bed, crawling in behind Hannah. She turned onto her back and he leaned in to kiss her. The pull in the pit of my stomach when they kissed lovingly hurt. But all the same, my dick started to harden.
Being so close as they did it made me feel like I was intruding on their intimacy. The idea of him taking her love from me along with the sex he was already taking was overwhelming. Having seen her on his arm so publicly at the banquet that night showed to me what they could be without me. I felt like her life could be altered in so many positive ways if she was with him.
I looked down and saw both of her hands wrapped around his cock. The fact that even with both of her hands on it there were still parts of it uncovered by her was staggering. How she fit that large of a cock into her just amazed me.
She saw me looking at them and what she was doing with his cock. She reached over and took my hand and pulled it so that I was also touching his cock. I have never in my life touched another man's cock before. Feeling it was odd. It was like feeling a much larger version of my own but I wasn't feeling the sensations I would feel if it was my own. I think she just wanted to share with me more than just the visual how much bigger he was than me.
I felt both their eyes on me but I just froze. I couldn't take my hand away, but I didn't want to be seen as wanting to give him pleasure. He was getting an erection again, but not from anything I was doing.
She moved my hand away and moved down the bed to take him into her mouth. She started with light kisses on the head and then began more contact by licking the length with her tongue. Her focus was solely on his cock. The idea of "cock worship" went through my head. She was worshipping his cock. It was so different than any oral sex she had given me. She almost seemed desperate to pleasure him through his cock.
He never really got bigger, just hardened. She seemed torn. I could see her going to town on it, maybe even wanting to have him cum in her mouth. She hadn't mentioned doing that for him as far as I could recall. But I know her. He pussy was aching to have him back inside of her.
She crawled up him and plunged her sex back down on him, impaling herself on his thick tool. I again marveled at how she could take all of him into her and at how little resistance there seemed to be after just two days of fucking him.
"Oh god, I love this, Terry. I love feeling you fill me up," she exclaimed.
"That's because it's my pussy, right Hannah?"
"Yes, yes. It's your pussy. All yours."
"Tell John. Tell him it's mine."
She almost looked startled. I think for a minute she had even forgotten I was there with them.
"Oh yes, John. This is Terence's pussy. He owns my pussy, baby."
I smiled. She told me that it was the stories I read that put the idea of saying that, of him "owning her pussy" in her head. But it had become the center point of this thing she had with him. She'd even taken to denying me access to her pussy to reinforce the whole "owning" idea. It drove me wild. The idea of another man possessing my wife's pussy, of me no longer having free access to it was hot. It made no sense, but there it was.
"I want him to own your pussy, Hannah. He deserves it by what he gives to you."
"Then, if he owns it baby... Tell him to cum inside of it this time," she was looking right at me as she continued to ride on top of his cock. That big, black, fertile cock.
"You want his cum baby?"
"I do. I've had it before and I need it. I need it even if I'm not safe anymore. And you want me to have it. Don't you. Tell Terence you want me to have his cum."
I clenched my teeth. My will was slipping and she was playing my fantasies like a harp. My cock was fully hard again. I hadn't released myself yet, so I was thinking with my dick and not my head. I DID want to see him cum in her again. I DID want his cum in her less-than-fully-protected womb. I had visions of her with his black baby, of people seeing her cradling it to her as she fed it from engorged breasts. I saw them whispering and pointing at me. If she had his baby why would she still even want or need me?
Meanwhile, she kept riding him while watching me. Waiting for an answer. She was showing off now after having seemed to have forgotten me before. I wanted to make her happy. I know she wanted me to say yes. Or I think she did.
But I just couldn't. The idea was insanely hot to me, but my head screamed that we would be playing with fire.
My dick was so hard, but somehow my mind remained clear.
"We can't. Please don't," I said strained.
She smiled at me as she kept riding him. She reached over to take my hand in hers. She leaned over Terence, continuing to work her pelvis up and down. I loved the sight of her breast hanging under her. Terence apparently did as well as his hands came up to caress them, thumbs grazing over her erect nipples. This sent her over the top and she had to release my hand to use it along with her other one on his chest to not collapse from the intensity of her orgasm. I again had to recognize that she never came that intensely during our sex. Maybe when I was pleasuring her orally, but this was full on body tremors.
He kept fucking her through the orgasm, taking over the motion she had been making happen between them. It seemed to extend the orgasm she was having and that drove him to the edge. I expecting him to last longer due to having cum so recently, but perhaps our talk and her intense orgasm spurred him on.
"Here I cum!" he yelled and, in one swift motion, pulled her off of his cock as it spurted in wide arcs in the air, landing across her ass and on her outer lips. They were making out next to me again as his semen dripped down off of her ass. It looked like it was drawn to her pussy as it ran along the crack towards her slit.
I grabbed the towel she had used earlier and tried my best to clean her, trying not to rub it in but to wipe it up and away. I even cleaned his softening cock so that residual sperm wouldn't be sitting against her body. They seemed to not care or notice, lost into each other as they were.
My heart was aching with angst already and then it was struck with the final shot.
"Oh god, Terry. I love what you do to me. I love how you make me feel... I love you."