-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
All characters are 21 years or older.
A young woman encounters a young man at an academic conference and winds up spending a magical week in Paris that will transform their life forever. This is the beginning of a series that includes exhibitionism and voyeurism, group sex, and hopefully a good dose of erotic magical realism.
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
I am generally quite shy, but I have had my adventurous bouts over the past few years when I was partnered and felt safe. Over the years, I've found out that I have a little bit of an exhibitionist streak with my ex-girlfriends, be it mutual masturbation on the plane or fucking our way through Californian beaches when I was a student. We were never explicitly caught, but definitely shocked some bystanders. All these past exploits were with girls, and I've never done anything like that with a guy. I found most men unattractive, and the few ones I did like, I didn't feel fully comfortable taking it to that level. This business trip to France would soon change that.
My job as a senior researcher is mostly remote. I base myself out of New York but occasionally travel to the British university that hired me soon after I obtained my Ph.D. Part of my job involves traveling worldwide to other institutions to collaborate on research or present our findings. The deep time commitment an academic career requires made my few relationships sour. Even though I think I'm somewhat pretty - I have dark auburn hair, light gray eyes, and a semi-athletic shape, about average height and 120 pounds with around a 32D-26-34 figure. Despite this, I've been on a dry spell for nearly a year now.
I've flown around the US and UK several times, but this is my first trip to a foreign conference.
The conference is held on the outskirts of Paris, lasting 5 days with a roundup of two dozen speakers and 200 attendees. My uni booked a hotel through Sunday for me and Claire, a colleague from a different department, that's just a brisk walk from the conference venue. This is my first meeting with her in person.
I examined Claire when we met in the hotel lobby. In her ballet flats, she stood barely taller than 5 feet. Dark long hair ran nearly to her elbow. From the few video calls I've been on with her, I had conjectured that she was much taller. She is slim and didn't have much of a curve, unlike me. When we met she wore a long black sweater buttoned at the front, cut in very low V towards her breasts, and a windowpane grey skirt when we first met on Monday evening. It fitted her well and made her look very sexy. She looked even better in real life than on camera. We had dinner at the hotel and talked about work and the conference. She was particularly excited about the formal reception on Friday. The whole night I couldn't stop checking her out. During the first few days, I often wondered what it was like to peek beneath those clothes.
My responsibilities span only a few hours in total through the week. Typical of academic meetings like these, I spent a lot of spare time exchanging ideas with fellow scholars from around the world, sometimes with a few bottles of wine. Good thing that the conference venue is surrounded by restaurants and parks, so finding spaces to talk shop for hours with good food and even better drinks was no issue.
Wednesday was my busiest day. I had to start my work early in the morning and would not conclude all the necessary businesses until 3 in the afternoon, including speaking on a panel and leading two workshops. Surviving only on caffeine, I stumbled out to the nearby main avenue to hunt for some food. As hungry as I was, I had no appetite for anything I encountered in the first block when I noticed Claire waving at me from a bistro by the side street, signaling me to join them. The pastries and mini-sandwiches on the table further convinced me.
There were four others at the table. I recognized three of them from the conference. Gillian and Antoine are two local conference organizers. Kaitlin is a young professor from a Lebanese university who was my panel's moderator, but I did not know her well. The last guy, however, was an unfamiliar face. He was handsome with medium skin and an aquiline nose, wearing a crisp collarless shirt rolled up in the arms and ironed navy trousers. I never knew I had a "type," but if there was to be one, Marcus would be a prime example. He was quite a specimen.
I casually said hi to Gilly and Antoine when Gilly introduced the others.
"Hey Lyra, I'm sure you know Kait already."
I gave Kait a polite, amicable smile from across the table. Then she pointed at the beautiful stranger to my immediate right.
"This is Marcus," Claire said as the man reached his hand out and firmly but gently shook mine. He gave me a subtle smile. "Marcus is another student doing research in my department. He's from New York too!"
"Hey, nice to meet you, Lyra. Loved your keynote yesterday. I found the materialist reinterpretation of 19th-century social movements fascinating."
"Well, thank you," he has a soft bass voice, a near-perfect American accent. "I just joined this project a couple of months ago."
"Still, very impressive.".
The six of us chatted for a whole afternoon. As accomplished social scientists in our field, the conversation was somewhat technical but flowed naturally. We also shared stories about our previous conference experiences.
During the afternoon of talk, I found myself staring at Marcus and Claire from time to time. Marcus was the least talkative of the bunch, although still contributing to the conversation. I learned that he's a grad student from a well-known liberal arts college in NY on exchange status in Paris for the semester. The more I looked at him, the more I found him a pretty sexy and mysterious man. With three buttons confidently undone on his shirt, he radiants a stoic masculinity. Being single and barely dated for over a year, the view quietly lit a fire inside me. The few times he stood up and walked to use the restroom or take a phone call, I examined his full stature.
Marcus is not very tall, probably just shy of average. He is lean but by no means skinny, sported a clean undercut hairstyle for his black hair, and had light stubbles on his chin. His shirt is impeccably tucked, but what attracted my eyes the most was his lower body. From the slim navy pants, I can make out his round, tight buttocks supported by muscular legs.
Claire, in contrast, was a ray of sunshine. She is a few years younger, and this is her first time attending a conference of this scale. We could all see the excitement in her eyes when she told her encounters in the past two days. Her attention span is short; her curious energy is contagious. We all ordered more coffee to keep up.
Marcus took an interest in me too. I can see him examining my outfit and body, sometimes lingering at my chest and hips through my peripheral vision. Occasionally, our eyes would meet, but one of us would awkwardly look away immediately.
We dismissed several hours later as the comforting sun started to fade. In spring, temperatures in Europe can change dramatically between night and day. Since we are not on the main avenue, buildings blocked out the Sun even earlier. A faint but chilling breeze swept through our street. It's getting cold.
I did not anticipate being out this long past my day, so I only wore a beige short sleeve cotton sweater and dark brown slacks. My sweater cuts off right at the waistline, professional, but does show a little skin when I am sitting down. I thought I had the opportunity to grab a jacket in my hotel room after a morning of work. Thankfully we were getting ready to leave.
Gilly and Antoine bailed first. They gave us each two pecks on the cheek as they departed. Oh, how French of them. When we finished tossing our pens and papers into our bags, another breeze shot through. I got shivered and hugged myself.
"You want a jacket?" Marcus asked, noticing me. He held his matching blazer in hand and offered it to me.
"I think I'm ok, thank you." I found myself staring at his chest before I moved up my gaze to meet his eyes.
"Please, it's no big deal."
"Hey guys, I think we're going to dash now," Kait interrupted. "Claire and I need to prepare for the next panel tomorrow."
"Of course, I'll see you tomorrow," Marcus said and gave kissed them goodbye on the cheeks. I tried not to stare at his lips before I did the same with Claire and Kait. We looked at them as they walked away when Claire turned around, not 2 seconds later.
"Oh, Marcus, can you walk Lyra to our hotel? It's not far from you, and I don't want her to walk alone in the dark," Claire suggested.
"No, it's really ok! I can walk by myself," I quickly replied, affirming my independence.
"Get her home," Claire spoke with a prescribing tone. She gave me a wink before finally turning away and back towards the avenue. Did she notice something?
"Oh, you're close by," Marcus said matter-of-factly, "Where are you staying?"
"In Crimée."
"Nice. My flat is just across the canal, so you're on my way. I can walk you to your place if you don't mind." Marcus raised his hands and offer his jacket again. Another cold breeze blew threw.
"Sure," I conceded. He lifted and opened up his blazer before I even tried to reach for it. I looked away and blushed as I felt the light touch of his hands on my shoulder as he rested his jacket on me. Since he stood very close to me, I could almost feel his breath on my back. My nose picked up a pleasant perfume.
It is not like me to let any strange man walk me to my place. But I figured he's a known colleague, and it's just a hotel, so I have nothing to worry about. Plus, having a fellow New Yorker escort you in the early evenings in an unfamiliar city is nice to have.
We talked more as we made our way to my hotel. I can feel Marcus's guard dropping as he opened up more about himself and his past. Marcus thought I was a least a few years older because I had a doctorate, but turns out he's just two days older than me. He looked much more mature than 25 as well. I probed about his background since I couldn't pinpoint it from his looks and accent. He grew up abroad before settling in New York for college, moving from country to country with his Singaporean father before he retired and settled in his mother's hometown in DC, where he grew up.
I told him about my upbringing in upstate New York and how I ended up working for a UK institution from the US. We only lived a few stops apart back home too, and he frequented a lot of the same restaurants, galleries, and bars as me. We joked about the coincidence of having never met until today, especially since we do very similar research.
As we threaded down the avenue our bodies grew closer and closer. He walked with his hands tied behind his back, perhaps not knowing where to place as we were walking so closely with me ever so slightly in front. I can sense his gaze on me as we walked and talked. The warm street lamps masked some of the shy redness on my face.
Seine-Saint-Denis isn't as dense as Paris proper, and there weren't a lot of people on the street on a weekday evening. The only folks we passed through were commuters heading home, but I did notice a young couple kissing passionately in a dark alley when we were waiting to cross a street. They didn't look much younger than us. The girl was pressed to the wall, and a guy was in the process of leaving marks on her neck. Her eyes were closed as she held him with a hand buried in his hair.
The talking made the walk to my hotel feel even shorter. In no time, we were already approaching the lobby. I slid his blazer off my shoulders.
"Thank you," I returned the jacket to him. He quickly slid it on, but I noticed the little goosebumps on his arms. I found the chivalry cute. "It's nice meeting you."
"Nice meeting you as well! Wished we'd met earlier."
I smirked, "Me too!"
"Well, I'll catch up again tomorrow. Maybe get a drink before you leave the city?"
An offer that I'd thought would never come.
"I'm down. I leave Sunday morning and have no plans for most nights. Are you free tomorrow?"
Maybe I was a little bit direct, but what the hell. Marcus looked taken surprised, but then his eyes opened wide.
"That works! Maybe we can meet here and then head into the city center together?"
"Ok!" I replied enthusiastically. I reached out to kiss him on the cheeks to say goodbye. Despite the fairly normal greetings - I've kissed plenty of people on the cheeks in the past few days - I couldn't help but notice that these two kisses were dangerously close to his lips.
"Goodnight, Lyra."
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
I jumped into my bed as soon as I entered the door and dropped my stuff, and shook off my boots. Face down, I loosened up my trousers and reached down for my panties. It was already getting moist, and the lack of sexual tinglings for a long time meant that there was a lot of stress to be relieved.
I started rubbing my clitoris and got wetter and wetter fast. As I massaged myself between my legs, my imagination quickly shifted to the image and scent of Marcus. I pulled my trousers and panties down further and drew circles around my swollen lips, my ass tilted up from the bed. I slowly pushed a finger in and out of my pussy, hooking it down to get a better feel of my G spot. Then two, then three fingers. My body was on fire. I was imagining his strong chest pressed down on me as we made love. I could smell his scent on my body.
I wished I talked to him more this afternoon, I wish I kissed him on his lips instead of his cheeks. I wanted to explore him, undress him, and find out his secrets. I got lost in the ecstasy between my mind, my fingers, and my muted moans.
It did not take long for me to orgasm, after which my libido gradually faded as I caught my breath. I told myself that Marcus is just another nice guy, and I would be a fool to think that he would have any interest in such a nerd like me.
Obviously, that didn't work. I could hardly sleep and touched myself a few more times before exhaustion put me to bed.
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
The next morning came by and away unusually fast. I could hardly focus and had little interest in all the workshops and panels I attended. I didn't see Marcus anywhere. I was having lunch with Claire when she tried to prod me about what happened between me and Marcus after they left. I told her the truth but left out the part where he asked me to hang out downtown tonight. We quickly moved on to other topics.
At 2 pm, there was a documentary screening on the May 1968 protests in France. My lunch with Claire went long, so I got to the auditorium a few minutes late through the back door. I looked out for signs of Marcus but saw no signs of him. I slipped into the auditorium from the back entrance and sat in the first opening among the packed audience. Thankfully the film has not started yet, and a few people were even later than me.
I surveyed the audience, and lo and behold: Marcus was sitting a few rows in front on the left.
He wore a light grey knitted polo and olive trousers. The fitted sleeves of the knitwear accentuated his strong biceps. He was sitting and chatting with two women on his left in French. A light sense of jealousy rose. Maybe I've really over-fantasized about this drink tonight. I made myself busy until the lights were beginning to dim. As I looked up I noticed that Marcus has broken off the chatter and was instead on his phone. From the fading lights and the glaring screen, I could make out that he was scrolling through Instagram. Not just anyone's Instagram, because I instantly recognized that that was my profile!
There really isn't anything special on there. It's private, but even so, my account is just filled with landscapes and the occasional group photos. He definitely had a good stare at my profile picture before the dimming lights stashed his phone away. Any doubt about whether or not tonight could be a date disseminated.
Now I definitely didn't pay attention to the screening. The whole time my focus was on Marcus, who only focused on the film and even tried to take some notes in the dark. I guess he's just as nerdy as I am.
The film lasted for no more than an hour, after which there was a panel with the filmmakers. I sneaked out and went straight back to the hotel before the panel came on, not wanting Marcus to notice me.
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Between getting ready, I masturbated again to kill time and fill my fantasies. After showering I dried my hair and arranged a half updo with some light curls. I put on a matching pair of black balconette and panties, the only matching ones I brought on this trip. I wore a corduroy skirt cut a few inches above my knee and an olive turtleneck sleeveless top. I've always liked how this skirt hugged my body and showed my legs nicely. A thin gold neckless dangled in front of my top along with some nice gold earrings. Before I knew it, the clock was fast approaching when we were to meet in the lobby. I threw on an oversized chore blazer and my boots before heading out the door.
Marcus arrived precisely on time, so precisely I wonder if he was already camping in a nearby cafe. He was wearing the same thing as earlier, but seeing him from the front the outfit looked truly sexy.
We said hi and kissed on the cheeks again, unfortunately. "You look nice, I like the jacket," Marcus commented.
"Thanks, I like your fit too," I sheepishly replied, "and you smell nice." I could sense it was a different cologne.
I have no idea where those courageous words came from. He blushed and returned a thank you. I decided to be even bolder and held his arms when we headed out of the lobby. He curled his forearm and took in my hand without mentioning a word. Unlike most guys, he didn't flex.
Throughout the early evenings, my hand hardly let go of his arm as we walked from Bastille toward the Seine. We talked about home, career, philosophy, and even politics. Marcus and I hit off instantly. He minced his words thoughtfully and was also curious about my views. Although my story here has a different focus, I can assure you that our emotional connections were growing every bit as strong. And over time, I went from politely holding his arm to grabbing it with both hands, occasionally leaning my head into his shoulders.
It was probably two hours into our date, and we'd been sipping a bottle of wine and munching on a warm baguette by the riverbank for a while. It was our second bottle, and I was already somewhat buzzed. Our legs dangling above the water. At this point, his firm hand was politely glued to my lower back. Thursday nights by the Seine were peaceful yet still lively. Some tourists were departing a boat that just docked near us and headed up to the street, and the boatswain got ready for his next crowd. There was just a handful of people in line for a boat that can easily accommodate a crowd.
"Hey, you wanna check that out?" Marcus asked and pointed at the boat, breaking off our little fight on which subway station in NYC was the worst. It was obviously the 456 at Union, but he argued it was Times Square.
I hesitated.
"Have you been on one of these before?" I asked.
"No, but it looks fun. Come on, let's try it."
"Alright, why not."
He got out and reached a hand out to help me up. Even though I've held his arm, this is the first time that I've touched his hand. I intentionally weighed on it a little when standing up, pulling him slightly forward.
"Oops," I said with a very subtle grin, my hand on his chest to stop myself from knocking head-on into his chest. My breasts lightly touched him, and he grabbed onto my waist with a grin.
We stood like that for a couple of seconds when we broke off and headed towards the boat. He had a short exchange with the crew in French before handing him a few Euros and boarding the boat.
We stood at the stern of the boat looking at the magical lights of Paris, leisurely cruising towards Tour Eiffel.
"It's beautiful, isn't it?" Marcus said.
"Very. I can't believe you get to live here for a few months."
"It's not home, but I do like it a lot here."
We didn't talk for the first time this evening as we took in the views. The few other folks on board also came near us to take some photos but mostly stood closer to the front. We stood, looking out, and I could sense that he was standing closer and closer to me. I reciprocated.
"Hi, do you mind taking a photo of us?" A voice came from behind. I turned around a saw a middle-aged couple.
"No problem." Marcus broke away from me and took a few photos of them. They said their thanks and commented on the views before heading to another side, and Marcus returned to me.
"How's the view?" he asked.
"Still beautiful."
"Just like you."
I locked eyes with him, taken aback by those words. He had been holding me in one arm, and our faces were already close together. The boat was going under the bridge, further obstructing the chance of anyone spotting this moment. As he leaned in to kiss me, I greeted his lips to his.
It was a quick kiss before he broke away. Having experienced the tingling sensation, I wasn't about to let go so I went on the offensive. He did not resist. We kissed for minutes on the quiet cruiser.
"I really do think you're pretty," Marcus said during our brief break.
"You're pretty yourself," I cheekily replied.
We embraced more as the boat tour went on. The kisses escalated, and our tongues and saliva exchanged in each other's mouths. He gripped me tighter, no longer through my blazer but with arms on my waist through the thin sweater. My breathing became increasingly irregular. I felt my panties starting to get soaked when the boat finally docked on the other end of Paris.
We walked more and even got a quick drink at a local bar. My panties were definitely wet now, but the thick fabric prevented darkness from seeping through. Before catching the train back north from Bir-Hakeim, I knew where this was heading. It must've been past midnight when we arrived at my hotel lobbying, tipsy, and having a good time between thought-provoking conversations and giggly banter. He stopped in front of the hotel when the porter opened.
I sensed the unease in him. "You want to come up for another drink? I have a bottle of wine in the room."
He relaxed and followed me into the hotel. I could feel the tension between us as we walked toward the elevator. The moment I pressed 3, and the doors closed, we went into a hot embrace. He pushed me onto the elevator door and grabbed my hands above my arms, pinning them onto the doors. His entire body pressed against me, and our tongues went for another wet twisty dance. That was not the only part of my body getting moisture. I pretended to fight it his strength prevented any sway.
The elevator was about to open when Marcus let go of his hold, but as soon as it did I pulled him hard towards the wall in the hallway, continuing our session. My room is near the end of the hall, but I could not wait and moved my hands down from caressing his back to his plush buttcheeks. I honestly would've tried to jam my hands into his pants were they not so well fitted. Damn men who know how to dress sometimes.
Marcus lifted my top just above my tits, his hands already wandering all over my breast. My nipples were hard, and every touch stroked my senses even more. Fuck it, I thought and untucked his top and pulled it all the way up. Marcus complied.
I let out a small gasp when he suddenly scooped me up, still against the wall, his lips still stuck to mine. His hands were supporting my ass, and my skirt is pushed all the way to the top of my thigh. I crossed my legs to help him hold me up. In the process, I could feel his hardened cock rubbing against my pussy through the fabrics. It made me want him even more.
"Which way," he asked, barely breaking off his lips from mine. I wiggled my left arm up to indicate the direction but took the moment that his eyes and lips went away to lock onto his neck. He had to tug me along the wall because we could not stop making out, bumping into the back and into several doors along the way. One of them was Claire's room, who must be asleep by now with her big presentation in the morning.
We stumbled to get into my room. Old European hotels often don't have keycards, so we had to fish my key out of my handbag and figure out this simple task half drunk and very much horny. The old door made a creaking noise as I opened it, clearly in need of some grease in its hinges. I dropped the bag and threw my blazer to the floor immediately after we got in. He took the initiative and took my top off, taking a second to view my breast, and glided his hand through the laces on my bra. He quickly undid the front closure and dropped it on the floor. My breasts were even more aroused and sensitive now.
I didn't even bother to ensure the door was fully closed when I pushed him onto the wall. Already topless, I took in a good view of the man that was about to consume me with the faint light from the hallway, noticing that I'd already left markings of my territory above his collarbone. His 4-pack abs pale in contrast to the chiseled obliques pointing to his manhood. I stepped forward and gave a peck on his lips before moving down again, this time much lower than where I left my mark. I moved and kiss his body, keeping my hands on him too. I lowered to face the bulge from his crotch. I gave it a kiss and looked up like the hungry animal I was, only to be met with the same look. I could just start giving him a blowjob here, but I know if I want to fully appreciate this specimen, I need to take it slow, so I stood up.
"Aren't you gonna invite me in?" Marcus asked, seemingly disappointed.
I laughed and held his hand, walking into the room. There was a mirror facing the entry, and I noticed that the door definitely wasn't fully shut, but the exhibitionist in me made me even more aroused. My open blinds allowed some moon and street lights into my room and flooded the brightness from the entry. Marcus's eyes staunchly aimed at my behind.
I got onto the bed and faced him on my knees, swiping off my boots in the process. He stood at the foot of the bed and stepped out of his polished leather loafer. We resumed our make-out at the foot of the best and started fully stripping each other. Our eyes were glued onto each other the whole time. His erect cock made it slightly difficult to take his pants down. I took the opportunity to adjust it a few times to better strip him. I could also feel Marcus's hand starting to explore my wet pussy as it pulled it down to my thigh. We both hastily finished the stripping process, with him fully naked and me down to my white socks.
I noticed that Marcus's skin is baby smooth. From top to bottom, he was cleanly shaved, with just a light layer of hair on his arms and chin. I've always liked my men that way, tidy. We stood in silence as we appreciated each other's naked bodies.
My eyes moved to his cock. It was already hard and pointing up. It was an average length, maybe slightly longer than 5 inches, but Very girthy. It was so thick that I wasn't sure if I can wrap it around in one hand. It wasn't circumcised, so only a small part of his head was peeking out. I could only imagine what it would be like to have it inside me.
I was lost in thoughts when I felt Marcus's hands on me again, his left hand on my ass and the other on the front of my thigh. We resumed our wet kiss, and he moved his right hand towards my slit, motioning it damper. I started to stroke his cock with one hand and held his face closed so I can get a better grip on his tongue. Then I knelt down and faced his cock. Marcus knew what was coming for him and leaned slightly. I started stroking his cock and peeled back the foreskin, then gave the head a light lick.
I started exploring all of his cock with my hands and tongue and licked it all over very slowly, my eyes never leaving his. I paid a little extra attention to the underside of his thick head. He weaved a hand into my air to match the rhythm of my face going up and down his cock. The defined veins on his cock made it feel even thicker, my mouth was wide open, and had to be careful not to bite him. Soon his entire cock was drenched with a mixture of my saliva and his precum. My tongue started to engulf his head. Marcus let out a deep groan.
After some strokes, I took him in deeper and deeper into my mouth. Marcus also started to apply some pressure, guiding me as I sucked his fat cock. He started forcing more and more of his cock in me with each stroke until I started to feel the tip of his cock at my throat.
I withdrew the hand holding his cock and moved it down along my body, groping my breasts a few times before moving down to my thigh. His hands continue to guide my face in and out of his member. My pussy was already dripping wet, and I started making circular motions around my slit. I then parted my labia and started rubbing it on my clit. My moans were muffled by his thick cock, but the whole time I kept eye contact with him.
"You're so hot," he whispered. I let out a noise while keeping contact with his cock.
We held this rhythm for a few minutes. Then I started to feel Marcus's cock pulsing in my mouth. His hand forced my head faster, and I knew he was about to cum. His eyes were starting to flicker, signaling that he needed to deliver. I stopped rubbing my click and got a firm hold of his ass. Forcing his cock all the way into my mouth. His hands came loose. I kept my tongue dancing and held the cock at the top of my throat for as long as I could. Just as I came up for some air, globs and globs of semen came out of his cock. With a little breather, I continue to suck and swallow, his tangy fluids exploding in my mouth.
When Marcus finished I pulled back with my tongue out, showing drops of cum on it, and showed him my lusty smirk. Drops of cum had already spilled out and smeared around my face. He looked at me with a sense of violence. I knew something was about to happen.
In a swift movement, he lifted me up and tossed me on the bed. He knelt down by the edge of the bed, moved his torso onto me, and held my stomach down with one arm. I looked at him in fear, unsure of what this man was capable of, but trusted his movements. He must've seen that in my eyes, then suddenly softened his movements. As I lay there, he started kissing my legs, moving his way up to my slit. His tongue was sending an electric feeling all over my body, and I was uncontrollably twisting when he worked his way onto my slit.
Since I had some fingerings and was obviously very, very horny, I could sense that I was pretty close to an orgasm. Yet Marcus did not start attacking my pussy directly. This asshole decided to play with me and kissed around then up and down my labia like a feather, further enticing my libido. My muscle reflex curled my legs and pushed my labia forward. It was very hard to not squish his head between my thigh.
Marcus worked his way onto my clit. He started lightly sucking around my clit, his tongue glancing over it from time to time. I'm pretty sure I was moaning loudly and in waves at this point.
"You're so fucking good," I mumbled. I grabbed a hand onto the back of his head and pressed it towards my vagina. He would not budge and keep his pace.
Marcus finally started grazing my clit with the tip of his tongue. I closed my eyes and arched my back, and my muscles contracted further. The pressure of his lips on my hankered crotch induced the start of my first orgasm. Juices dripped like a river out of my pussy, and he licked it all up. Waves of "Oh my god" mixed with my incoherent moans involuntarily left my mouth.
He softened his tongue as he felt me cumming. I could feel my climax approaching when he moved his face down and pushed my legs into the air, and started to lick the spot between my vagina and anus. His fingers rubbed my clit. It felt so fucking good that I came right in that second, shaking and moaning. He must've held it for 30 seconds, and my tremble and moans started going out of control.
When I started to come down I used both hands to pull his body right above mine and searched for his lips. Since we ate the shit out of each other the air was filled with captivating hormones. I could taste myself all over his face.
After a while, his dick was starting to harden again. It wasn't long until it fully formed. He started to rub it up and down my vagina but never penetrated.
"I want you to fuck me," I tried to express out loud, but it was delivered as a whisper. I can sense Marcus's pupils dilated, but there was a string of hesitation.
"Fuck me, please," I emphasized.
We kissed a few more times before he got up, digging through his tote bag thrown by the foyer. He pulled out a condom and tried to open it. I was glad it wasn't stored in his wallet. Let's just say I've had some bad experiences with that storage method. Marcus's wet hands, courtesy of me, made it a tough task. He either still hadn't noticed the open hotel room door or chose to ignore it as well.
"Let me," I got off the bed and impatiently took it from him, tearing the packet up with my teeth. Even though his cock was already lubricated with my cunt, I kneeled down and decided to give it some extra moisture and wrapped his cock with my lips.
It wasn't five strokes in when he pulled me off and up, holding my face in his palms.
"Are you sure?" He asked rhetorically.
"I want to feel you inside me," I asserted, unrolling the condom onto his cock, making sure his head was fully uncovered.
Unlike when he tossed me last time, Marcus scooped me up like a princess and placed me on the bed. I scooched in further. He then lowered himself on top of me, good old missionary style. I felt his cock positioned on my slit and slowly lowered in. He humped on top of my slit a few times before gently sliding his thick cock in and expanding my pussy. Since I had been dry of a man's touch for very long, a slight pain shot through, but quickly felt great. Millimeter by millimeter, my pussy fanatically engulfed his cock.
Marcus's eyes focused on me like two rays of lazer when he paused, his cock all the way inside, and I could feel my clit touching his skin. I wrapped my hands and legs around him.
Starting at an easy pace, we used our tongues to explore each other's lips, necks, and earlobes as his lower half moved up and down.
After holding the steady and romantic rhythm for a few minutes, he started to pick up the pace. I locked my legs behind him as he started thrusting even faster. Marcus nearly pulled out, then drove all the way in with every stroke. Between Marcus's groans and my moans, I was drowning in ecstasy.
A few moments later, he got up. I got the message that he wanted to shift positions. I turned around and bent over. Looking behind, I could see him on his knees on the bed holding the stiff cock. I pushed my pelvis back to welcome it.
Before his cock plunged back in, it brushed through my slightly spread ass cheeks to my surprise. I don't think he intended for me to notice it and quickly moved back into my longing pussy. It didn't hurt this time at all. His hands grabbed onto my ass as we started fucking hard. From this angle, the mirror by the window reflected some light from my entryway. I thought the cracked door let in more light than before, but I gave it little thought. I closed my eyes and focused on the sensation of Marcus inside me as he accelerated.
I stretched my arms out and landed my face on the bed, unable to hold myself up when my second orgasm came. This gave in an even better angle on me. The pleasure made me wring my pussy tighter around his cock.
Marcus thrusted a few more times. He leaned forward and massaged my hard tits, his fingers pinching my nipples lightly a few times. I nearly yelled from the pain but allowed him to continue because of the pleasure.
"My turn," I said, guiding him to lie across the bed. I wonder how long would it take him to come again.
I shifted myself so that I was straddling him with my back toward the window. We started kissing again before I reached down to grab his cock. Lifting my body up, I adjusted the beast and lowered myself back into Marcus.
I rested my hands on his chest and ground myself against him like the slutty cowgirl I was. Even though it was a lot of pressure, he didn't seem to mind and lifted his hands to rub my breasts. I flipped my hair back to get a better look at him as we smiled and made love.
He moved to place his hands on my ass and signaled that he wanted me to go faster. I collapsed onto him as I sped up and worked up and down the thick cock. He started sucking on my breasts, which landed just below his lips. I was getting close again, and I knew he was too. After a second took my nipples away from his lips and started softly biting his earlobes.
Marcus closed his eyes and used an arm to pin my body against his, forcing me to stop riding. From underneath, he used the power of his legs and abs to thrust upward. I was moaning hard and close to cumming when I threw my head up for a breather, and I noticed a figure off the right of my eyes. Someone- a woman- was standing in the doorway!! She was wearing what seemed like a nightgown but lifted up to reveal their hands on their crotch.
Before I could have any reaction Marcus tightened his hold of me, and my face fell back down next to his. He started fully ramming his cock up my pussy.
"I'm gonna come," he groaned.
I could not care less about the peeping watcher at this point. I was a second away from coming myself.
Marcus quickly slowed his ramming when I felt his cock pulsing his cum into my pussy. The few extra thrusts were enough to make me come a third time. We both started to catch our heavy breaths.
Remembering the presence of a third person in the room, I turned my head up to look at the entry. The figure was leaning on the entry wall a few yards away. Legs wide open, fingers rubbing on a lightly hairy pussy. I wondered how long she's been watching us. Following the arms upwards, I started making out the figure of the intruder, whose eyes were closed and head tilted upwards. Her mouth was slightly opened, enjoying the masturbation. When she noticed that we had stopped she suddenly stopped and looked up at the bed. I caught her gaze and, despite the faint light, instantly recognized who it was.
Claire.
She jolted backward when we locked eyes. Claire's other hand reached up to cover he mouth, stopping her from making any more noise. Marcus and I were still panting loudly. Facing the other way, there was no way he could notice her presence. I continue to stare at her in disbelief.
Claire quickly but quietly gathered herself and made it out the door. It made a slight squeak as she tried to close it. The noise and the subsequent running footsteps made Marcus aware. He sat up immediately, lifting me up along the way because his cock was still inside me, and turned around at the door.
"Oh no, do think anyone was watching?" He pensively asked. I couldn't tell if he was shy about it.
"I hope not."
I turned him back to face me and gave him a little kiss, pretending nothing happened besides our amazing sex. "Let's shower," I told him as I lifted my pussy out of his cock.
Marcus turned back to watch the entry. I pulled the condom out of his cock and tied a knot, throwing it on the ground. He turned his attention back when my mouth went on to clean his wet cock. I made sure I licked every inch of it dry before giving him a cheeky smooch.
He got out of bed and, on his tiptoes, went to the door and closed the gap. He even latched it up for good measure. We didn't talk about it. By this point, the alcohol had pretty much worn off both of us, and we quickly cleaned ourselves up. We made love again after. I fell asleep with his cock still inside me.