"Jack Daniels, on the rocks." I answered in response to the cocktail waitress's question about what I was drinking.
"Coming right up cowboy!"
"Thanks uhh ... Stacy." I added, reading her name tag. I don't think it was coincidence that the name tag was pinned right next to the large expanse of cleavage she was showing and I was admiring. Stacy stood in place a few seconds longer to allow me to appreciate the full effect, then turned and headed to the bar to get my drink. I also admired her nicely shaped bottom as it swung back and forth under her short skirt. Yeah, I know, this was all done for the express purpose of getting me to part with a larger tip.
No, I am not a cowboy either. I wasn't wearing the boots or the hat, just sitting in this service bar in the Excalibur hotel in the wild west of Las Vegas. I was here for a conference on security, something I had to do occasionally as part of my duties as the head of corporate security for a large insurance company located in Atlanta. I would have preferred to skip the whole week here, leaving it for the younger guys. Actually, at 36, I was one of the younger guys, but I considered the ones who were here for the party atmosphere the younger (and less mature) guys. I know that I have to attend these things, the nature of the business is changing so quickly that it is hard to keep up. 30 years ago, I would be worrying about how to combat employees from taking company staplers and calculators home in their lunch boxes. Now I had to worry about client lists leaving the building on micro drives, competing companies getting our trade secrets, even foreign hackers trying to bring down the American economy one company at a time.
This conference was one that was held several times a year in various locations. My peers in the security field would come together to compare notes, revive old friendships and generally have a good time on the company dime for the week. We would listen to experts tell us of the latest threats and then get a sales pitch from all the vendors who were offering their own solution to keep our people and products safe. All this in the lap of luxury here in Las Vegas.
Stacy came back with my drink and placed it on the table in front of me, bending over more than she really had to in order to set it down. I took the opportunity she offered and got another look at the cleavage. I took 2 $20's from my wallet and placed them on the table in front of me. Stacy picked up one of them and pulling a wad of bills from the pocket of her apron, made change and set it on the table atop the remaining $20. I took the bills she had set down, leaving the $20 behind. I looked at the bill, then at her eyes, then back to the $20. She understood, and smiling, bent over again to pick up her tip. She then folded the bill in half and pushed it into her cleavage. As she continued pushing it further down, the bodice of her tight top slipped down lower until her dark brown nipples were just peeking out above the edge of the fabric. She stayed in that position as I looked at the nipples presented to me, stiffening at my gaze, now standing tall and proud. She slowly ran the tip of her tongue over her lips, and then looked directly into my eyes. When she was sure I was watching, she moved her gaze to her bare nipples, then back to my eyes. I was enjoying the show, a stray thought passing through my mind wondering what they might taste like.
Calm down, Brian. You don't want to be taking a cold shower before you get into bed, I told myself. Stacy held her position for about 30 seconds before exclaiming "Oh my!" feigning surprise and embarrassment. She pulled the top back to its proper placement and smiled seductively as she walked away. Looking over her shoulder, she said "Enjoy your drink, cowboy!"
Right now, I was enjoying the view of her ass cheeks swinging from side to side as she headed back to the bar. Yes it was a game, and we each knew how to play.
*****
I was sitting in the service bar just off the casino floor, having a quick drink before heading back to my room. If I was smart, I would have passed on the drink, but no one has ever accused me of being that intelligent. It had been a long day at the conference, and I had been tired before it started. I should have been here yesterday about mid afternoon, but problems at work had required my attention and I did not end up flying out of Atlanta before 6 PM. Getting to the hotel around midnight, I had not gotten much sleep last night. I was hoping the drink would relax me some and then I could catch up on some of my lost rest.
The bar here was quiet, maybe 6 or 7 people at any time. There were a dozen tables and 4 booths along the back wall, but not many patrons found their way inside. Stacy was not having any trouble keeping up with the orders rather she might be having trouble staying alert. The bartender, on the other hand, was continuously busy. There was a steady stream of roving waitresses coming in to get their orders filled so they could return to the gamblers who would not need to leave their slots or tables to satisfy their desire for alcohol. I chose to sit in this bar because it was quiet and I could do a little people watching without being noticed, the dark bar making it difficult for anyone on the outside to see in.
Right now, the person I was watching was a very well put together blonde who was slowly walking down the row of slots, stopping occasionally to look at one of the machines or say something to one of the gamblers. She was tall, and was showing off what she had. Her dress was an emerald green material, kind of shiny. The top was cut low in the front and it was obvious from the way her breasts jiggled as she walked that she was not wearing a bra under the dress. The top was not so tight to restrict the movement of those breasts, but fit her well enough to show off her figure. The skirt flowed out and ended about 2 inches above her knees. She was very striking and by the number of other men who seemed to be watching her, I could tell I wasn't the only one with that opinion.
I was keeping my eye on her as she walked, then noticed a man who took a step away from his slot machine to watch her progress as she moved past him. As he did this, he stepped right into the path of a middle aged woman who was walking past in the opposite direction. They collided and the man apologized profusely as they stepped away from each other. The woman looked like she had just gotten off the tour bus. She had gray streaked hair done in a bun, big glasses that might have been in style 30 years ago, clunky earrings and bright red lipstick that looked as though she had applied it with a trowel. She was wearing a big, oversized tunic of some sort and teal colored polyester pants with blue athletic shoes. She finished off her ensemble with a purse that was larger than some overnight bags I had seen. I assume she was on her way to the all you can eat buffet with her meal voucher. She looked like the type who would go in with an empty purse and emerge an hour later with a purse weighing 20 pounds. I had to chuckle, these women thought they were so sneaky, and the casinos knew exactly what they were doing.
I returned my attention to the blonde, she had moved further down the aisle almost out of good viewing distance. Just as I changed my focus, I thought I saw something fall from the tourist woman's sleeve into her purse. I couldn't be sure, but swore I saw that movement out of the corner of my eye. I returned my attention to the older woman, but she too was getting further away and out of my field of vision. I must really be tired, I thought I was seeing things, maybe it was really time for me to head up to the room and get some sleep.
I spent a few minutes nursing my drink and just watching the other people on the gambling floor. One can find a cross section of Americana just watching the people one sees in a casino. I had almost finished the drink and I was pondering the wisdom of another when I saw that green dress moving closer to this side of the room. I forgot my concerns about drink and waited for her to get close enough for a better look. I got a chance to see her come down the aisle directly opposite my position, she was taking her time and not in any hurry. I was concentrating on her movements when I saw that telltale teal color that was the pants the older woman had been wearing. Odd, she was again walking in the same aisle as the blonde, again in the opposite direction. This time I let my attention divert from the blonde and watched the other woman. I saw a big guy who had his full attention on the blonde turn as she passed and once again, the older woman walked directly into him as he turned. Again, she sort of bounced back after the collision, and he apologized. She nodded and kept walking, but this time I looked more closely and saw her drop something that looked like a wallet into her bag. Damn, she was picking pockets right here on the casino floor. I guess she had taken notice of the looks the blonde got and would use that to her advantage. As I had watched, I noticed that although she looked the part of a middle aged tourist, a closer inspection showed she was something else. The arthritic shuffle was not quite stiff enough, the lines and crow's feet around the eyes missing, the skin too tight and supple for someone supposedly at that age.
Both women had moved out of my view, so I looked for the victim of the sleight of hand. He had returned to his prior actions, checking out the other gamblers and moving from one machine to another. As he was walking away, I saw him stop, then check his pocket and he discovered that his wallet was missing. It was maybe 3 minutes after it had been taken, and now he looked really pissed. He tried to peer down the aisle and then tried to look over the top of the machines. I don't think he saw the woman he was looking for, he took out a cell phone and started speaking into it. I also notice that he was wearing a gun under his suit jacket. He didn't look like a cop and I don't think hotel security carries weapons. His pistol was not obvious, but my 10 years in Army CID had given me the experience to notice these things. As I watched, he continued to talk while also looking for the woman. He did not look like the type to just ask politely for the return of his wallet if he found her, just a hunch.
I continued to watch him. He had finished with the call, but now was starting to go up and down the various aisles, looking for the woman who had relieved him of his wallet. I noticed her pants from across the room, they were pretty obvious even from a distance. She was coming this way, and even though I don't condone what she was doing, I thought I had better give her some warning about this guy. I was still wearing my suit, although the tie had been loosened. I pulled it back into position and assumed my best look of an authority figure. My hair was not quite regulation length any more, but it was not so long I looked out of place. I walked to the edge of the casino floor, and as the woman came by, I stepped out into her path. She pulled up, and I told her in a firm voice "would you please step over here, Miss."
"Get outa ma way, mista!" she tried to bluff in a gravelly voice and then stepped around me.
I again moved into her path, this time saying with more authority "I don't think you want to make a scene here, especially with what you have in that bag. Please move over here with me."
I saw a flash of concern on her face, but it quickly disappeared back to her character expression. She did, however, allow me to direct her to one of the back booths in the bar. I motioned for her to sit and she did, still looking at me with a question in her eyes.
"I am not the police nor am I hotel security.", I started. "I do know what you are doing, and I want to warn you that the last guy whose wallet you swiped noticed it right away and even now is searching for you. I don't think he is the kind of guy to take this lightly."
"What you talking bout?" She was going to try to bluff her way through this, but that would not happen.
"I know you are not who you appear to be. I also know that you have angered the wrong person. Did you happen to feel his gun while you were helping yourself to his wallet? He was on the phone right away, and I would not be surprised if he called the police, although with a gun under his coat, he might be looking for some other kind of assistance."
She still did not look concerned, but at that moment, I saw the guy, now accompanied by 2 other men, each just as big and threatening as he was. I could also see that each of these companions carried a gun under his coat. I pointed this out to the woman and directed her to take notice of how angry the first appeared to be. I don't think he was very happy at this point.
My companion finally appeared to realize the consequence of her action. She calmly reached into her purse and removed a cell phone, a small cosmetic kit, 2 foil wrapped hand sanitizers, a folded bag and a pair of sandals that were just soles with a couple of thin white straps. She took the phone and pushed speed dial and listened for a minute. She did not say anything, but hung up after a short interval. I had seen the blonde in the green dress just as the call started and I noticed her stop for a minute, then put her drink down on a ledge between 2 slot machines, picking up her pace, not anything very noticeable, but something with more purpose. She was headed for the exit and I realized that these 2 were working together.
Once the call had been made, the woman opened one of the sanitizers and used the cloth to wipe down each surface on her glasses and earrings as she removed them and placed them into the bag. She had unfolded the bag and I saw it had the logo of one of the trendy shops located downstairs on the first floor. Next came the hair net, and I saw that the gray I assumed was hers was actually on the net. She then took a cocktail napkin and removed the garish red lipstick, crumpling the napkin onto the table. She pulled some pins from her hair and it tumbled down over her shoulders, a beautiful shade of brunette with reddish highlights. She shook it out, ran her fingers through the hair and she could have stepped from a salon just minutes earlier by the way her hair looked. She opened the makeup kit and with practiced strokes, had some blue eye shadow and a tasteful frosted pink lipstick applied in seconds. She took some dangle earrings out and inserted them into her lobes, each with a small blue stone. I had seen it, but found it hard to believe this young woman was the same person I had watched earlier.
Once the face was done, she unbuttoned her tunic, then removed and placed it into the bag with the other objects. She had on a shiny blue camisole top with spaghetti straps. She bent to remove the athletic shoes, each finding its way into the bag as it came up from under the table. Finally, she shifted around some, and the polyester pants came out and into the bag. All this had taken less than 2 minutes and I would bet money that anyone who saw the woman I had come in here with would not think these 2 the same person. She had not said a word during this time, just smiling knowingly at me as she worked.
After the transformation was complete, she took a second sanitizer and started wiping down each of the wallets as she pulled them one by one from her bag. She removed the cash, but left everything else intact. The wallets were then dropped onto the floor under the table where the cleaning staff would find them and hopefully return what was left to the owner some time later. The third wallet she emptied contained the anecdotal 'wad of bills that would choke a horse', all $100's. I assume this was the one from her latest victim, the one who was even now searching for these women. Her final act was to take the blue purse that could masquerade as a suitcase and start folding, pulling and pushing it into shape. When she had finished, she was holding a stylish black shoulder bag with a gold chain.
I sat watching all of this, not really believing what I was seeing. I started to think that maybe this was an elaborate hoax perpetrated on me by my colleagues or that some director would come out of the shadows and point to a camera that had filmed the whole thing. As I was pondering, the young woman said the first words she had spoken in her own voice.
"Are you ready?"
"Ready for what?" I answered.
"You are going to escort me outside then hail me a cab. I know you are a gentleman who would be willing to help a lady in distress." She laughed.
"Well, if I am to escort you out, can I ask what name to call you?"
"I'm Janet." She answered with a smile. "And you?"
"Brian. Nice to meet you Janet."
I stood first then taking her arm, I started to leave the bar. Just as I took the first steps, her phone rang. Janet looked concerned, and then answered. She listened a minute, then "shit! OK, try another."
She listened again, and then replied to the voice. "Shit. See if you can hide out in the ladies room for a bit. I will see what I can figure out."
I saw the concern on her face, maybe even turning to worry. "Problems?" I asked.
"My sister Jen says that there are men checking people as they leave the casino floor. Not anything too obvious, but they are there and looking at everyone. She isn't sure if they have made the connection between us, but doesn't want to chance trying to get past them."
The first guys call for help had been answered, and now things had suddenly gotten more complicated. I told Janet that Jen could not stay in the ladies room for long, the attendant would notice and call for help if it looked like there might be a problem. "She needs to get off this floor soon before they have all the exits covered. That dress she is wearing will look like a beacon on a dark night, it won't be easy to avoid being spotted."
Now Janet really started to look worried. "I'm not sure how to help her. Got any ideas?"
"I don't think they have had time to get all avenues covered. If you can call her, tell her to use the escalators in the center of the room and go up." I thought of all the old movies I remembered, shouting at the heroine to go out of the house not up. Then I remembered one of the flyers I had put into my pocket from the seminar earlier today. "Tell her to get to the 4th floor. There are hospitality suites there that will have a lot of people and she can get off of the casino floor. If she goes to room 410, a friend's company is sponsoring the suite and she can wait there. If anyone asks, and they probably won't for a beautiful woman, tell her to drop my name. I am on the guest list and I can go up to meet her."
Janet started to call, but I interrupted her for a minute. "I am Brian Patrick. Tell her what I look like. I will be wearing my name tag so she can be sure it is me. Tell her to stay far enough inside that anyone walking by won't be able to see her from outside. Give me about 15 minutes to get there."
Janet nodded, then made the call and relayed the information. As she hung up, I took her arm and we walked out of the bar, heading for the escalator down to the ground floor to get Janet out of the casino. We walked down the aisles of slots, and Janet stopped long enough to leave the bag filled with her costume on a ledge behind the machines. It would walk away soon once someone saw the store it ostensibly came from.
Janet took my arm and as we walked off the casino floor and through the archway toward the escalators, I spotted the guy who was trying to be inconspicuous as he checked out those leaving the floor. I was certain he would not recognize Janet as he checked, but before we got all the way to the end, I saw him look at a couple of pictures every few seconds as people passed. I asked Janet to move out of the way for a minute, and then looped around to get behind the observer. I got close enough to him to see a picture of Jen in her green dress and Janet, although Janet was in her costume. I went back to Janet and told her there was a problem. "They have a picture of Jen. It must have come from the hotel's security system. This is damn quick for something like that, they must have someone inside working with them."
"So what do we do now?" she asked. I wondered where the 'we' had come from, but since I had decided to get involved, I guess it was warranted.
"Come on, let's go down to the lobby. We need to get you out of site first, and if they have this kind of intel, I wouldn't be surprised that they figure out who you really are pretty quickly."
Janet merely nodded, but her grip on my arm was a lot tighter now than it had been just minutes earlier. We walked to the front desk and I spoke to the gentleman behind the counter.
"My wife has decided to meet me here for the week and just got in. Can you make me up another key card for her?"
The young man looked up at me, and then glanced at Janet. I saw his eyebrow go up a second, and then I could hear him thinking "Is that the best story you can come up with." He did not say anything, I assume he heard this kind of thing all the time. I told him I was in 717 and showed him my ID. He punched a few keys on the computer and soon a new key card slid out of the slot in front. I thanked him and handing the card to Janet, stated "Here you go hon." She took it and we walked to the elevators arm in arm.
Inside the elevator headed for the 7th floor, Janet asked with a sly smile "Wife? I don't even remember the honeymoon."
I had to admire her calm demeanor at this moment, able to joke as some nasty guys were looking for her and her sister. We made it to our floor, then to the room. I opened the door and once inside, asked Janet for her phone number. I gave her mine as well, then told her to stay put and to not answer the door unless I called first to let her know I was coming. I didn't expect that anyone would be able to trace her to this room, but better safe than sorry.
*****
I returned the way I had come, getting off the elevator on the 4th floor this time. I found the room I had instructed Janet to direct Jen to, and then went in. The suite was decorated to mimic the general theme of the seminar. Companies used these rooms to woo potential customers with drink and freebies, hoping to make a big sale. I was quizzed for my name and invitation as I entered the room, but as I had expected, someone looking like Jen would not have any trouble getting in without a prior invite. I saw her standing in a far corner, surrounded by half a dozen drooling men as each tried to be the one she might leave with. I walked over to the group, and pushing aside the 2 most aggressive potential suitors, I put my arm around her waist and announced "Jennifer, I see you got here before me." I could see both apprehension and relief in her eyes at my words.
"Hi, Brian. Yes, I got here about 10 minutes ago. Did you have a good talk with Jan?"
"Got everything sorted out. She will meet us a bit later. How about if we get drinks."
I still had my arm around her, and was playing the role for all I was worth. Her body was soft and warm, even through the fabric of my suit jacket. I wish I could have taken it off, but that might have been difficult at this point. I guided her to the bar and asked the bartender for a Jack Daniels for myself and Jen told him to make it 2." Well, a woman who liked her bourbon, this might turn out to be an interesting meeting.
We moved to a more private section of the room and I asked Jen if she was doing OK.
"I'm not sure. Why are these guys looking for us?" Jen asked.
I wasn't sure if she was naïve or just keeping with her role, but I explained that I knew what they were doing and that Janet had chosen the wrong pocket to pick." I didn't go any further into detail, I think she was worried enough.
"Look, I need to speak to a friend before we get out of here. Will you be OK by yourself for a bit?" As I asked I thought about how silly that was. She would not be alone as soon as I walked away if I was any judge of the male libido. She nodded assent and I went to seek out an old friend.
"Jacob, how the hell are you?" I asked as I saw his tall frame come into view behind the screen.
Jacob was the president and owner of the company who sponsored this suite. He was also a good friend I had met years earlier when I was working a joint investigation with CID and NCIS. Jacob was a former Navy Seal and I ran into him off and on over the years I was with CID.
"Hey Bri, what's up with you these days?" he answered in his deep baritone voice.
"Not too much, you know, just the usual. But, I do need a favor from you."
"Name it, if I can help with anything, it is yours." Jacob was always willing to help his friends and I had been the recipient of that assistance more than once in the past. Of course, I had returned the favor a time or 2 myself.
Lowering my voice, I continued "this is one of those favors where you can't ask any questions. I need to borrow something, and I don't want to get you involved."
Jacob raised his eyebrows, I could read his thoughts as he wondered what I might be up to that I could not tell him what was going on.
"Like I said, if I can do it, just tell me what you need."
I knew he would do the favor without question, but still was relieved when he did not press for any details. "Remember when you did that demo where you were able to jam the surveillance cameras? I need to borrow that jammer if you have it with you."
"I have it packed up in the back, but I can get it for you in a few minutes." He stated without hesitation. He then looked at Jen, once again surrounded by a group of wolves. He asked "Got a jealous girlfriend at home who might want to see who you are schtupping while out of town?" winking as he spoke. "
Something like that. I just need to be able to move around without attracting attention for a bit." I offered.
"Hey, does she happen to have a sister?"
I replied "Actually, she does."
"Yeah right! Women who look like her don't have sisters, they have big, overprotective fathers and brothers."
"Can't put anything past you, Jacob."
"You do know that the video will be jammed, but anyone looking at the feed will be able to see that the signal is offline. One time is a fluke, but several become a pattern."
"Yeah, I know, but it can't be helped right now. Can you get the jammer so we can get going?"
"No problem, but if you are going to try to move around the hotel without attracting too much attention, you might wait until just before midnight when the shift changes. The operators will be tired and not really looking to get involved in anything just before they go home."
Good point. Maybe we can have another drink at your expense before we have to go."
Jacob laughed then went to dig out his prototype jammer. His company had built it specifically to demonstrate how a video feed could be bypassed. Fortunately, his company had a product that was immune to such jamming, and he would be glad to sell you one.
Jacob returned shortly with a small case that he handed to me. "It is fully charged, just turn it on. It has a range of about 50 feet. In a place like this hotel, you will find cameras in the elevators and stairwells. There will be fewer in the hallways but likely at intersections of corridors. Try to stay out of view until you get close, if you are in all the shots just before the picture turns to snow, they will figure out you are involved."
"Thanks Jacob. I owe you one." I stated.
"You owe me more than one, but who is counting?" he added with a laugh.
I had to agree, and hoped I would be able to return the favor sometime. I went over to Jen, causing the group of admirers to scatter when they saw me coming back. "I have a room a few floors up and Jan is there waiting for us. We should wait here for a bit, the shift will change at midnight, and we can use that time to get upstairs undetected." I explained.
Jennifer nodded, although I am not sure she fully comprehended what was happening and why we had to do all of this. I took my cell and dialed Janet's number. I explained that we would stay here until the shift change, and then be up. I said I would call again just before we left and to expect that call before she let anyone into the room. She sounded nervous on the phone, but thanked me for my help before hanging up.
We had about 40 minutes to wait before I thought it would be a good time to head out. I asked Jen if she wanted another drink, her first had disappeared rather quickly. Since she did, we walked to the bar and each had our glass refilled. I could see that she was worried and hopefully the alcohol would help to calm her nerves. We moved to a quiet corner and I asked her about herself.
"So, what's a nice girl like you doing in a place like this?" I clichéd.
Jen smiled a bit, and then responded "Just trying to make a living."
I considered her reply a minute, and then said "I am not sure this is the best way to make a living. I won't judge you, but I don't think this type of behavior is proper for someone like you and your sister. I know, I probably sound like a father giving advice to a child, but I think the current situation should be lesson enough."
"I tried to tell Jan that this wasn't such a good idea. She told me not to worry, she had everything under control. She has always been the smart one, but I trusted her and now look what happens." Jen answered with some trepidation.
I didn't want to worry her any more at this point, so tried directing the conversation toward another subject. "What about your lives away from here?"
"We have been on our own for about 5 years now. My parents got divorced and we ended up taking care of ourselves."
"That must have been traumatic." I stated.
"Actually, it wasn't that bad. Jan had a job and I was finishing college, and our father helped out with expenses. Jan and I have always been close, our father is an engineer with an oil company and had to travel a lot for his job. Our mother is a free lance writer and was always busy with her career, so we ended up taking care of each other. Like I said, Jan is the smart one, but I am better looking." Her last comment was accompanied by a big grin.
I hadn't tried to make any comparison between the two, but from what I had seen of each, I might have trouble if I had to choose which was more attractive. I guessed her comment was just some friendly sibling rivalry. She had finished her second drink and it soon would be time to go. I hoped she would not be too worried about the situation, but right now she was calm enough. I disposed of our glasses and then gave Jan a call to let her know we would be coming up shortly.
Taking Jen by the arm, I led us both to the door to leave. I noticed more than one guy leering at her as we passed and a few looks that I took for envy as I left with her. I was carrying the jammer Jacob had given me, the unit now turned on and functioning. I had seen it work before and knew that it would interfere with the video security feed. I hoped it would not be noticed as a pattern right to my room, but I would take care of that possibility too.
I told Jen to try to stay closer to the sides of the corridor and behind me if possible. I know that the bright green dress she was wearing would be a difficult thing to hide, but that couldn't be helped right now. The suite had been near the elevators so getting to that point was easy and did not present us to any camera I was able to spot. I knew there would be one in the car, but the jammer would take care of that one. Inside, I pressed the button for the 7th floor, and then pressed buttons for 8, 10, 11, 14, and 15 just in case. When we got to the 7th floor, I stepped out first while Jen held the elevator door open as she waited inside. There was a camera at the end of the corridor and we would have to pass it to go that way, then turn and go down the other to my room. I told Jen to wait just outside the elevator when the door closed. The elevators were set back from the wall several inches and there was a potted plant that would help to hide her until I could get close enough to the camera to jam its signal. Once I was close enough to be sure the camera was not seeing me, I motioned for Jen to come to me, then gave her the key card and told her to let herself into my room. I stayed there with the camera off line until I saw her enter the room.
I went back the way I had come, looking down and not taking any chances that my face would be identifiable if I was on camera. I went to the stairwell and up 3 floors, jamming those cameras as I walked. I made my way out and wandered around on several floors, all the while carefully avoiding detection as best I could and hopefully creating enough misdirection that if anyone did notice something wrong they would not be able to follow a trail right to my room. Once I thought I had put sufficient distance between myself and my room, I switched the jammer off and made my way back to the room. I had called Jan and told her to expect me, and she opened the door at my knock.
*****
Inside, Jan and Jen asked why I had been gone so I explained my efforts to create some confusion. They thought it a good idea, but also were worried that things seemed to have gotten beyond their control and were very concerned. They should have been worried, their escapade had escalated beyond what they had prepared for and who knew how much further things might progress. I took my jacket and tie off and then sat on one of the chairs, Jen was in the other while her sister was sitting on the bed.
"What do we do now?" was Jan's first comment.
I hadn't really thought that far ahead. I was tired and it was almost 1 o'clock by now. I rubbed my eyes for a minute, and then offered "The two of you are out of sight for now. I don't know who these guys are, but they seem to be intent on finding you. You can stay here tonight, but they will likely stop looking soon if they don't find you."
"Who are they?" was Jen's question.
"I don't know. I would guess that they are some kind of criminal, each one I saw was carrying a gun under his coat. I know that Las Vegas has tried to clean up its act and the casinos don't want to get the reputation of being a place where guests face crime. These guys are pretty brazen to be here in force with the authorities on guard. I know the mob is less powerful now than they used to be in this town, but from all I have seen, that would be my guess."
Jen spoke up "Jan, what have you gotten us into?"
"Sorry Jen, I didn't think that we would have any problems. We never have before."
"Yeah, no problems huh? I am the one on display and you are the one disguised. Who do you think they will look for first?" Jen was now starting to get upset.
Jan responded with a bit of anger herself "Wait a minute. You are the one who likes to be seen. You are the show off, I didn't have to twist your arm very much to get you to play that role. And you couldn't wait to get that green dress on and show yourself off."
At that last, Jen jumped up and shouted "Damn this dress. I am never going to wear it again. And I am through showing off." " With her statement still fresh, she pulled the top of her dress up, and then removed it in a swift motion, throwing it into the corner. She was standing there in front of us in just a green thong that exactly matched the dress she had removed. I couldn't believe what she had just done, but I was going to take advantage of the opportunity to check her out.
Her breasts were large and firm, even larger here naked in front of me than they had appeared in her dress. She had large, dark red nipples and areola that contrasted with her light skin. Those boobs did not have much sag and I thought back to my earlier peek at Stacy's nipples and my thought of their taste, that same thought returning now. I was still staring, trying to memorize every curve and bump when Jan spoke up.
"Jen, what are you doing?"
"I told you, I am through with showing off and I will never wear that dress again!" Jen answered.
Janet smiled as she noted "You are showing off now. You are giving our host a nice view of your tits."
Jennifer looked at me, still staring, and got a smile on her face. She looked directly at me, and then asked "You like them?" As she finished asking the question, she shook her breasts side to side for effect.
"Jen! What the hell are you doing?" Jan asked again.
"Just like you said, I am showing off for Brian. Besides, you're just upset that my tits are bigger than yours."
Jan jumped up from the bed "They are not, well not much bigger."
Jen challenged "OK, whip 'em out and let Brian decide."
I did not want to get into the middle of an argument between sisters, I thought that my time might have been better spent getting sleep. I had to stop this before it went any further. "Wait a minute ladies, I don't think this is the time for any arguments. We need to figure out what to do about your situation. Right now, I think that getting some sleep would be a good idea so we can think more clearly tomorrow." My comment seemed to break their rival mood and each agreed with me.
I said I would sleep in one of the chairs and they could take the bed, but each jumped in saying the king sized bed was large enough for all of us. I wasn't so sure about the wisdom of that idea but the ladies would not let me do otherwise.
Jen was still prancing around in her thong and nothing else, but both Jan and I seemed to have some hesitation about undressing in front of the other. Jen jumped into the bed, claiming the center so I turned out the light, then stripped down to my boxers which I normally slept in. I heard the sounds of Janet removing her clothes, but wasn't sure how far she had stripped down. The thought of Jens claim of breast size stayed with me, but I had to let it go lest I lie here with a growing boner. The women had been right, though. We all fit into the bed with no one crowded together.
*****
I awoke to the feel of a soft, warm body sliding on top of me. My internal clock told me it was about 4:30 AM, way too early to be getting up. Well, too early to be getting out of bed, but somehow I got the feeling someone wanted me to be up now. Since Jen had been in the middle as we slept last night, I assumed this was her. She was now lying on top of me, and I heard her whisper for me to be quiet. I was pretty sure I could hear her sister breathing regularly indicating she was still sleeping. Jen ground her crotch over my cock a few times, then putting her hands on my shoulders she whispered in my ear before pushing her torso off my chest. "Check out my tits for yourself. I know you were staring at them last night, they are bigger and nicer than Jan's."
I was still half asleep, but I wasn't going to pass up a chance like that. I reached up and cupped each breast in my hand. Damn, they were big, bigger than any I had personal experience with. As I held and massaged each one with my hands, I could feel the nipples getting harder and pressing themselves into my palms. My thought of taste returned, and I was about to find out for myself. The breasts were large enough that they hung down almost to my mouth as I massaged, so pulling them the few inches more was no problem. Jen lowered herself so I would have better access, and as I drew one hard nipple into my mouth, she moved her breast in a circle so that I had to grab the nipple with my lips and suck hard to hang on. She would pull back a bit, and I used my teeth to get a better grip, She pulled far enough away from my mouth that the breast was stretched out and I could hear a soft moan escape her lips. I switched breasts and the process was repeated, I would hold onto the nipple with my teeth and she would pull until her breast was extended and the skin taut. We continued our game for a few more minutes, and then she lowered herself onto my chest and whispered in my ear." I want to fuck you, but we can't with Jan here. I will find a way to get rid of her tomorrow, and then we can get crazy."
I was thinking that things were already pretty crazy, but they didn't stop there. Jen started sliding down my body, stopping to use her teeth on my own nipples. I had not had any woman do this with me before, but Jen seemed to be into it quite a bit. She pulled hard enough I winced and almost cried out, but remembered that Jan was there and I didn't want to get into the middle of any sisterly rivalry right now. After working my nipples over, she moved down and pulled my now hard cock out of the front of my boxers, and after a cursory lick, took its full length into her mouth. She evidently knew her way around a blow job, she was doing wonderful things with her tongue. She would lick and suck, then move up and down, sucking harder then slowing and easing off. She would work the head for a bit, and then draw me all the way into her mouth. I had to admit that she certainly knew what she was doing. I had to muffle some of my own moans, I remembered my earlier concern that waking her sister would not be a good thing.
I had been ready to blow twice already, but Jen sensed I was getting close and slowed her actions to the point that my imminent release was suppressed, much to my dismay. I was, however, delighted that her mouth action continued to keep me stimulated and who was I to complain about that. I had been letting her do all the work, but as my climax started getting closer again, I ran my fingers through her hair and stroked her face as her mouth was closed around my stiff member. I started thrusting up into her mouth as I got close and she knew I was ready. As she felt the surging of my release coming up the center of my cock, she pulled back to my head and sucked with enough force I swore she would suck me dry. She stayed there, alternately sucking and swallowing, until I was totally drained. She continued to lick and suck more slowly until I was soft and calmed down from my high. Jen moved up and whispered into my ear "Was that a good blow job or what? If you think that was good, wait until you try my pussy."
I wasn't sure what to say. Here I was supposedly at a boring seminar, but so far had become complicit in a pick pocket scheme, had bad guys searching for the women I had offered my assistance to, and now I was getting a nocturnal BJ from one of them who did not want her sister to know what she was doing. I was still waiting for that reality show camera crew to jump out and say it all was a setup. Jen had slid off me now, giving my limp cock one last squeeze before she rolled over and returned to her spot in the middle of the bed. Soon she was sleeping and I was left here wondering just what the new day would bring. Better try to get some sleep myself, I knew I would probably need it...
*****
I woke about 6 and saw that Jen and Jan were still sleeping soundly. I normally got up this early, but decided I could grab a couple hours extra before facing the new day. I wasn't sure what to expect, but we still had to resolve the issue of what to do about getting the women out of the hotel and back to wherever. I closed my eyes and went back to sleep for another 2 hours.
I got up at 8, hearing the sound of the shower. Janet was still lying on the other side of the bed, so it had to be her sister taking the shower. Jan was awake, but had not moved from the bed. We were a little awkward, not knowing what the other was wearing under the covers. I had my boxers, but did not know what sleep attire Jan favored. I would need a shower myself and hoping that she would not be offended seeing me in my boxers, I got out of bed and stretched before going to take some clothes from my bag. I guess my move gave her the courage to get up herself, she emerged from the bed wearing a sheer black strapless bra and blue thong that matched the outfit she had been wearing the previous evening. I took a few seconds to check her out as she moved closer to me. I couldn't really tell if her breasts were any smaller than her sisters, but did not want to stare long enough to make comparisons. I could, however, see her nipples through the sheer fabric and saw that they were large and dark, probably very similar to those of her sister.
Janet was less self conscious after she had gotten out of bed and came over to sit in the chair as I got my clothes together.
"So, what do we do now?"
I hadn't made any plans, but I figured that to get them out of the hotel, we would need some way of disguising their appearance. Jan couldn't wear her old lady outfit, but I assumed she was somewhat proficient in changing her appearance, so perhaps we could use that skill. First, however, I decided some coffee and breakfast would be a good start. I asked Jan if she wanted to get something to eat and she told me she was starving. Just as I asked what she preferred to eat, her sister emerged from the bathroom wearing a pair of my boxers.
Jan looked at her and commented "Still showing off your tits, I see. And, why are you wearing Brian's underwear?" She looked at me suspiciously as she said this.
"What do you want me to do? I don't have anything to wear here. I got these out of his suitcase because I had to rinse out my panties. I can give them back if he wants them." She started pulling the boxers down, but I jumped into the conversation and told her I didn't mind. I got up and taking one of my dress shirts from the closet, told her she could wear that as well until we got some clothes for her. She put it on but did not button it up. Jen looked a bit odd with my large shirt and boxers, but she had a big smile as she walked around in my clothes for the next few minutes.
I asked Jen about breakfast, telling her I would call room service shortly. She wanted coffee, but was not picky about what she ate. Since I had told the front desk that my 'wife' was joining me here, I ordered 2 plates of bacon and eggs, some cinnamon rolls and a large pot of coffee. We could split things when it arrived. Jan wanted her chance in the shower, so went in as I waited for room service to get here with our meal. She took her clothes in with her and as the water started, Jen came over and gave me a good morning kiss and stroked my cock. I wasn't sure this was such a good idea, I did not want to be standing here with a growing boner that might be seen by her sister or the room service waiter. I told her to behave, and then sat in one of the chairs to wait my turn in the shower. Jan came out shortly, completely dressed in the clothes she had been wearing last night. I told her to expect room service and suggested that Jen stay out of sight when it arrived. I then went into the bathroom and got myself a quick, hot shower.
I was just drying off when I heard a knock at the door and the waiter announce himself. Jan was dressed, so opened the door and gave him a tip in exchange for the meal. Jen had run into the bathroom to get out of sight and here I was naked as she checked me out.
"Very nice." She said, looking me up and down.
I had come in wearing my boxers from yesterday, but had forgotten to bring in any clean clothes. I wrapped a towel around myself and went out to get my clothes with Jen following me. Jan looked at her sister and said "what are you doing now?"
"Nothing. I was just trying to stay out of sight." She said with a laugh.
Janet just rolled her eyes, and then I picked up clean clothes and went back into the bathroom to dress. By the time I came out, the ladies had started eating and had poured me a cup of coffee. I needed the coffee, and picked up one of the cinnamon rolls to munch on. It did not take long for us to finish off all the food and coffee. Now that we were pretty much put together, even considering Jen's mismatched wardrobe, we needed to form a plan.
We had to get the girls out of the hotel, and that would be the priority. Jen needed something to wear and we had to find a way to disguise both of them in case the bad guys had discovered who they were.
"We can go to our place, I can get Jen some of her things and we have makeup and stuff there." Jan started.
"I have a rental car so we can get there easily. I just hope that no one will recognize you on the way out."
Jan said that she would just have to take her chances. Together we might look like a couple going for sightseeing so hopefully they would not be looking for a couple. I guessed that they would only have someone at the outside entrances, probably having given up on the chance to find them inside. Also, the hotel security would be suspicious if they made themselves too noticeable. Jan was dressed for evening so I had to wear a coat although I would have preferred not to. Maybe we could look like a pair of friends who had come for the evening and ended up staying the night. I warned Jen not to let anyone in and that we would call before returning so she would know it was us.
"Ready dear?" I asked as I took Jan's arm.
*****
We left the room and took the elevator downstairs. There were a fair number of people milling around the main entrance, some leaving and others arriving. I made a cursory inspection of the people and the guy watching the comings and goings was not very inconspicuous. He was standing off to the side of the main entrance, looking bored and not paying a lot of attention, although I knew not to underestimate what he might be capable of. I told Janet to try to keep me between him and herself as we walked out, and he didn't even give a second look as we moved past him. It was a short walk to the parking lot to retrieve my rental car, and then Jan was directing me to their apartment.
"How long have you lived in Las Vegas?" I asked as we drove.
"We moved here about a month ago. I am not sure we will stay, but I like it for now."
"Any plans for your future, assuming you don't get caught lifting wallets in one of the casinos?" I'm not sure Jan appreciated the comment, but by now, she could hardly deny what had been going on.
"We can look for jobs, but so far we haven't found anything that is really to our liking that seems to have any future." She added.
"What are you looking for?" I asked
"Well, I have a degree in graphic design and Jen got hers in Political Science. Does that surprise you?"
I had to admit that it did. Still, I should know better than to make judgments without knowing more than I did.
We continued to make small talk as I drove. Jan told me the apartment was up ahead on the left, at the end of the block. As I drove, I was starting to look for a spot to pull over when I noticed cigarette smoke come from the passenger side of a sedan parked on the left side a few houses short of where Jan said her apartment was. The car had dark window tint and I could not see into the interior. I got a bad feeling, and without saying anything, put my hand on Jan's shoulder and pulled her down across my lap. I drove by the car and tried to get a look at the occupants out of the corner of my eye, but did not see anything. Jan was surprised by my action, but said "You can't wait until we get inside?" As she said this, she took her hand and started running it over my cock which had the expected result. She then put her lips on the quickly enlarging tool and used them to grip my shaft through the fabric of my pants. I was enjoying the feeling of her face in my lap, and I could see a good amount of cleavage down the front of her top which had fallen away from her body as she was lying there.
"There is a car with at least one guy watching your apartment. I don't want to stop and I don't want them to see you. If they know where you live, I would guess they know what you look like as well as Jen. They certainly seem determined for just a lost wallet. How much money was in that one anyway?"
Jan was still feeling my cock, but she stiffened as I explained the situation to her. "I didn't count, but maybe $2500."
"That seems like a small amount for him to be this upset by. Maybe he just doesn't like having his pocket picked, but maybe there is something else. Did you notice anything in his wallet that looked out of place?" I asked
"I didn't look at anything other than the cash. Everything else I noticed was pretty much the usual credit cards and other crap."
We drove a few more blocks before I told Janet she could sit back up again. She protested that she did not mind lying there with her face in my lap, and she was still toying with my cock as I drove. I gave a thought to letting her continue, but right now I think we needed to come up with a better game plan.
"We can't go to your place to get any clothes. We will have to stop at a store to get something for Jen to wear and probably something else for you as well. Which way to the nearest shopping center?"
Jan gave me directions after grudgingly sitting back up. We parked far enough out in the lot so that we would not be disturbed in the car, but not so far out that the car would be noticed. I chose a likely looking boutique and we headed into the store.
"Find something that doesn't look out of place for a nice casino, but is more suited for day wear. I like what you are wearing now, but it seems out of place this early in the day. We can get something for you and Jen and then maybe something to disguise your looks."
Jan found some nice blouses that were not so formal to be out of place and then started looking at pants. I told her to pick skirts, and shorter ones at that. She looked at me suspiciously and commented "I wouldn't have taken you for a sexist."
I answered "I want the guy watching the door to have something to look at besides your faces. Get something that is short, but not so short that he will think you too obvious."
Jan saw what I was thinking and found a couple of skirts she thought would do the job. She tried one on, and said Jen was the same size. She picked out underwear, and I again told her to pass on the bras. She and her sister would be giving the guy something to watch all right. The final item was fashionable sunglasses for each.
We were walking to the register to pay and Jan took some bills from her purse. One was a $100 bill, I assumed it was from her venture of last night. A thought crossed my mind, and I asked her to stop for a minute and took the bill from her hand. I gave it a close examination, and although I was not 100% certain, felt it was not genuine. If this was the case, I knew why the bad guys were after Jan and her sister. I did not want to worry Jan any more than she already was, but let her know that it might not be a good idea to try to spend these bills. If the store caught the money as bogus, we would likely be on the security tape and could expect a visit from local law enforcement. Jan found some other bills and we paid for the clothes.
Back in the car, I told Jan she would need to alter her look a bit. She had pulled her hair into a pony tail and with the sun glasses she bought, her face would be less noticeable to anyone looking for her. I suggested she remove the bra and roll her waistband a bit to shorten the skirt. She was still wearing the evening attire, but she could put on the new clothes back in the room when we met Jen. There was no one nearby, so she slumped down in the seat a bit and, facing away from me, asked if I could unhook the bra she was wearing. I put my hands up under the back of her top and found the catch, releasing it with a quick flip of my fingers. She was impressed at my dexterity, and while my hands were under her top, I figured I might as well check out the breasts and see if they were any smaller than her sisters. I might get slapped, but by now I was curious enough I took the chance.
As I cupped her breasts, Jan said "Well, maybe you really are just a horny guy looking for a cheap thrill." She did not, however, move my hands away and even pressed them hard into her breasts with her own.
"So, are they any smaller than Jen's?" She asked with a grin.
"I am not sure. I have seen hers and felt yours. I can't really make a good comparison that way."
"You've only seen hers? I would have expected her to jump you last night and give you a feel of everything. I can't believe that she behaved herself." Jan stated with skepticism.
I didn't want to get into a situation where I was between these 2 women, so told a fib and claimed her sister was the perfect lady last night. I think Jan was still uncertain, but she did not press any further.
I pulled her closer to me, my hands still massaging her nice tits under her top. Jan was enjoying my touch, her sighs letting me know I was doing something right. She put her left hand into my lap and found the cock she had been teasing earlier. It quickly returned to attention, and her touch was driving my own arousal forward. She pulled herself out of my grasp and sliding over, lay back down across my lap and fumbled for the zipper. She was as adept at removing my cock from within the confines of my pants as I had been at removing her bra earlier. She gave a lick or 2 around the head, then sucked it into her mouth. I was reminded of the early morning blow job her sister had given me, and I would soon be able to compare their techniques. I took a quick look around the parking lot, but we were far enough out that no one would be walking past to notice what was going on in this car. Jan had moved her mouth all the way to the root of my tool, sucking and licking her way down and then back up. At this point, I could not remember what Jen's mouth action had been like, my only memory was the feeling of her sister's tongue giving my hard tool a tongue lashing like I had never felt before. She was sucking and sliding up and down, and like her sister, she was able to sense my orgasm climbing up inside my cock, at which time she would slow and allow me to calm enough to start the climb once again. I was torn, I wanted her to keep sucking and bringing me to the brink but I also wanted to shoot my load. I know, I had been blown 8 hours earlier, but right now, I needed to feel that release. Just as I had done with Jen, I started to play with Jan's hair and thrust up to meet her face as she slurped up and down my cock. She understood what I was telling her and did not slow this time as my semen started its journey up through my shaft to blast into her hot and welcoming mouth. I could hear her moans and sighs as she continued to suck even as the shots of hot liquid were collecting in the back of her throat before she was able to swallow them all. Again, I had experienced a mind blowing if not cock blowing orgasm given to me by a beautiful woman. I was still in the latter stages of my orgasm, but realized that I had not returned the act to Jen this morning, and probably could not do the same for Jan now. I apologized for not being able to take care of her, but promised I would find the time soon. I wondered just when that time would come, I needed to make the same promise to her sister, and wondered if their rivalry would make my life with the 2 of them more complicated than it already was. Jan told me she would keep me to my promise, but agreed that we really needed to get back and sort things out for her and Jen.
*****
Jan had removed her bra, and even though I had told her I did not know what her sister's tits felt like, I could not say whose were larger at this point. Maybe some direct comparison might help, but that would probably be more trouble than the answer was worth. She had rolled the waistband of her skirt a time or 2 and the skirt now was short enough that any male within sight would be watching her legs. Of course, if that male decided to look a bit further north, there were 2 nice tits bouncing around in the top that did not have a bra underneath to restrain them. She had the sun glasses and the pony tail, and I had no doubt we could get into the hotel without the observer noticing her face. I was right and we walked in with him leering at those bouncing titties that Jan enhanced by walking more stiff legged than she normally would have. I could almost see his tongue hanging out and I got a quick shot of his face on my phone's camera as we moved past.
I Told Jan I needed to make a brief stop before we went upstairs. She followed and I found the seminar just finishing up. I looked around until I spotted Jacob, and waiting until most had left, I wandered over to talk. Jan was by my side as I caught his attention. His eyebrows went up a bit as he asked "Wasn't she blonde last night?"
I smiled at the thought, but answered his question "this is her sister. I told you she had one.
Jacob looked at me with a look of wonder, but started "How did things work out last night with my toy?"
"No problem that I have discovered yet. I don't expect to either. I do, however, need another favor."
"Another 'no questions' favor?"
"Yeah, I know. Things got a lot more complicated today. I can't explain here, but maybe later today. I am going to need one of your special sigs. Suppressed and clean. I also have a picture here I need you to show around and find out who the guy is. I can send it to your phone. I appreciate what you can do for me, but right now, can't say anything." I finished.
"You don't ask for much do you?" Jacob said seriously, but then laughed.
"I know I can count on you. Can you bring it by my room later this afternoon? I'm in 717."
"I'll see what I can do." He replied.
Moving a few steps from Jan, I kidded softly "If you see a bra hanging on the door knob, come back an hour later."
Jacob looked at Jan, and then answered "I don't think either of them even owns a bra." Well, Jan did, but it was under the seat of my rental car right now.
I took Jan's arm and we headed to the room. She said after we had gotten out of earshot of Jacob, "I heard the bra on the door knob comment. Exactly what are you planning?" she had a mischievous grin on her face and I could not read if she was amused or looking forward to something else.
*****
I called Jen to let her know we were on our way up just before we got into the elevator. We went to the room and let ourselves in, glad to be back inside and out of possible view of others. Jen was still wearing my boxers and dress shirt, still not having buttoned it up. I could see her tits swinging from side to side as she moved. Jan put the shopping bags on the bed then turned to face her sister. Jen saw the short skirt and noticed that Jan was not wearing a bra.
"So did you fuck him?" she asked with anger in her voice.
"Jen, what are you talking about?" Jan answered
"You forgot to put your bra back on. I hope you had a good time while I was stuck here in this room by myself."
"I did this to disguise myself when we came back into the hotel. The guy downstairs was too busy looking at my tits to get a look at my face." Jan explained.
"Yeah Right! You just wanted to get him to yourself so you could fuck him before I did."
I wondered just how deep this rivalry was. Right now, I did not want to be in the middle of anything between them, particularly anything that would put me physically in the middle. "Ladies, how about if we get off this subject and concentrate on the more pressing problem." Both women were looking daggers at the other, but calmed down enough to talk about something else.
Jan and I each sat in one of the chairs and Jen sat facing us on the bed. She had managed to pull the shirt she was wearing far enough apart that her breasts were both fully exposed and I could see a look on her face that just dared her sister to say something about it. Fortunately, Jan ignored her sister and we could talk about what we needed to do.
I started, explaining things to Jen as I knew them. "I think you and your sister stumbled into a counterfeit money scheme. I think those bills Jan got from the bad guy are phony. I will talk to someone I know and find out for sure, but I have to figure out how to keep the 2 of you out of any investigation. I'm sure you don't really want to have to explain how you came into possession of bogus currency, do you?"
Jen's eyes got bigger and she asked "Exactly what are we going to do?"
Well, they seem to have your place staked out, so you can't go back there, at least as long as they are looking for you. I don't think they will just go away in a few days if they don't find you. I think they will keep looking. I have some feelers out and hopefully will have a better idea of who these guys are soon."
Jen was getting upset and I think Jan was also once I put it all into words.
"Let's try not to worry too much, I hope to have some better information later this afternoon. Meantime, how about lunch?" I tried lightening the mood.
Both girls still looked worried, but decided lunch would take their minds off the problems for now. I took the room service menu from the table between the chairs and asked them to decide what looked good and I would call in the order. Twenty minutes later and we were working on cold sandwiches and a six pack of beer.