This is a true story from the time when your rolls of film were still developed in a photo shop. Collecting our vacation photos resulted in a photo shoot than went further than anticipated. A young couple in love in their first photo shoot and we earn something too. Ineke is blonde, 5 feet 6 inches (168 cm) tall with firm round B cup breasts and I am Peter and slightly taller with dark brown short hair and a slightly thicker penis. We both have a normal build, as you often see in young people in their twenties.
Introduction
A wonderful holiday together in the south of France where we did things that you don't do on holiday with your parents. Such as sleeping in and going to the nudist beach, having lots of sex and sometimes drinking a little too much. We shot two rolls of film, good for 72 photos. We don't yet know how many have succeeded.
Ineke takes the film rolls to the photo shop. She doesn't do that in the village, because there are a number of topless photos of her and one of Peter with his pants down and his penis in his hand, so she goes to the city. A week later she picks up the photos at the photo shop. One of those with advertising on the facade, a counter with a cash register, a curtain to the back and a messy shop window.
Collect holiday photos
A friendly woman behind the counter asks: "Shall we check if they all turned out?" Before she realized it, Ineke says: "Yes, please, because we don't have to pay for the failed ones, do we?" "That is correct and is also an extra service from us." Before Ineke realized it, the woman opened the envelope with photos. Lots of funny photos on the beach and the campsite and a few blurry ones. So, she didn't have to pay those. And Peter with his fly open and a big dick in his hand. "That is a beautiful photo, he really is in urgent need!" says the woman. "I would love to hold that in my hand too!" Ineke looks shocked and the woman smiles and says, "Just kidding".
Now she sees Inekes photos in her bare breasts on the beach and at the campsite. "They are beautiful and even artistic," says the woman. A blushing Ineke says "thank you". "Actually, your firm breasts in particular are very beautiful, your breasts would look even more beautiful if the photos were taken by a professional photographer," says the woman. Ineke asks: "What do you mean?" The woman answers, "My colleague is a photographer, and we have a nice studio above the store."
Well, that seemed like something to Ineke, "But what does that cost?" The woman answers, "The rate for the photographer and studio is US $70 per half hour." "Including a contact print with all your photos on it, so you can choose which ones you want to print and what size." Ineke says, "Too bad, that's unfortunately too expensive for me."
To which the woman replies, "I understand, how about you opt to do our topless photo shoot for us? Then we will pay you $70 as reimbursement'. "Oh yes, just note we may occasionally sell your photos to interested magazines. But not in the Netherlands, only abroad such as Germany. This way we cover our costs." Ineke thinks people also see me topless on the beach and I don't know anyone abroad anyway.
Inekes photo shoot appointment
Ineke calls me and enthusiastically tells her story. "Well, I don't know yet," I say. "I'll go with you to see if it's professional." Okay fine. We walk into the store on Saturday afternoon and discreetly report ourselves to the counter. "Yes, that's right. Oh, but I only see Ineke in the agenda. Actually, even better and nice to have a couple again. Why don't you go upstairs, and Tom will come in about ten minutes when the store is closed."
The studio is warm and looks really nice, wide rollers for a green and white infinity backdrop. But also, a beach decor with turquoise blue sea and a fake palm tree, a parasol and sun lounger. And many types of lamps with a kind of umbrella on a tripod and all windows are shuttered.
We sit down in the chair and pick up a book from the table. The front says, 'Example photo shoot topless'. Together we leaf through it, beautiful photos of all kinds of ladies dressed and only in white underwear or lingerie in front of the white backdrop. Or in their bikini on the fake beach. Six photos per page. The last 2 of the 6 pages are topless. The model's breasts are beautifully photographed from all angles, standing, lying, sitting and bending over. "Horny, nice titties!" I say, "I really like all of those beautiful photos," Ineke says.
Who is the photographer?
I see another book with 'photoshoot nude' on the front and quickly leaf through it. Ineke sees this out of the corner of her eye. "Also, beautiful?" she asks. I show her the book, and Ineke says in horror, "Wow, I look right into her vagina and can see everything! "Just like on a nudist beach," I say. "Well, you're right about that, and it's a horny sight honey," says Ineke. The photographer comes up the stairs and I quickly put the book back. "I'm sorry I kept you waiting. I'm Tom the photographer. Have you already looked through the topless book on the table?", "Yes, sir we did", we both answer. Tom, "Do you have any questions before the shoot? If not, I would like to suggest that Ineke puts on her first set.
Ineke's photo shoot
Tom takes pictures of Ineke in her colorful long summer dress and nice cleavage against the green backdrop. Then 'walking' on the beach in beach clothes and lying in her bikini on the lounger. Twenty minutes soon pass, and Tom now asks Ineke to put on her lingerie. Ineke searches, but unfortunately the lingerie is still at home. "No problem," says Tom, "You'll only be wearing your undies for the topless photos anyway." Ineke changes clothes behind the screen. She comes back in her white sports bra and white undies. "You are still tanned and have a very nice and tight body. Tom now asks Ineke to stand in front of the white backdrop and turn around. "Why not for the green backdrop anymore?" Ineke asks. "Oh, that's standard for our foreign customers for the underwear shoot. They find white serene and natural," says Tom.
Click, click, click and full body photos from her front, left side, from her back and right side of Ineke have been taken already. "Do I have to take my bra off now?" Ineke asks. "You don't have to do anything, but just do it when you're ready". Well, Ineke is as ready as she can be and pulls her sports bra over her head, her firm tits fall out of the bra and bounce back while wobbling. Wow, I don't think I've seen her tits bouncing like that before? Tom also quickly photographed Ineke's bouncing and wobbly tits!
Topless photo shoot
Now topless, the same poses as before and the photos were quickly taken from all four angles. And another going round with her arms together in the air above her head. Ineke laughs and clearly enjoys it. Her puffy areoles with hard nipples are clearly visible against the white backdrop. Tom asks Ineke to stand and place her bent right knee on the white bench and her left leg slightly spread outwards and bent over to look back at Tom's camera. "Oh, and pull up your underwear, they have fallen down a bit." Ineke does it all without batting an eyelid. She pulls her white underwear up as high as possible. Her round breasts wobble nicely, and her buttocks are tense with a now clearly visible camel toe! The smile when she looks back is incredibly hot. Constantly changing her position and opening herself up to erotic fun. Apparently she really enjoys following Tom's instructions?
Tom takes a lot of photos. Click, click, click.... Ineke changes position or facial expression slightly in the rhythm of the pauses. "Stop," I say to Tom, who looks at me in dismay. "I see a wet spot in her panties near her crotch." "Oh, I hadn't seen that myself," said Tom. But I didn't believe that because he is right on top of it and must now even be able to smell her pussy! "I'll just put on my bikini bottoms," says Ineke and goes behind the screen but is back very quickly. She's now even completely naked! "Yes, people have already seen me on the nudist beach". Tom now becomes very enthusiastic and says excitedly, "Okay, then you now get $200 for a nude photo shoot instead of the $70 for topless". Ineke nods with a smile.
Photo shoot nude
"Wow how beautiful you are! Firm breasts and nice ass. Also I see a little pubic hair on your pussy", says Tom. Ineke is ashamed blushes and looks at me. Tom says, "Some women shave their pussy bald nowadays, but most men prefer a bit hairy. Your small bit of pubic hair is just perfect for the magazine's readers, I can tell for sure!" Enthusiastic, Ineke returns to the previous position with one leg on the bench. Tom is now lying on his back on the floor, unashamedly photographing Ineke's bare pussy from below. I think I should have kept my mouth shut, but I'm still very curious about the result!
"Ineke, do you like exposing yourself like this?" asks Tom. "What do you mean," she asks, "Well, I see you're visibly excited!" Tom says. "Am I excited? Look at the bulge in Peters' pants, sitting so quietly on the couch!". Ineke answers. Tom says "Yes, I can imagine that very well. You are such a natural and beautiful model. By the way, we're done with your nude photo shoot, because this is already moving towards erotic".
But I have another great idea, Tom says. "Peter can still participate in your photo shoot nude. Then I'll only make a few more photos of you guys together. You will then receive an extra $50 for a nude couple." Tom surprises me with this, and now I understand the woman's comment, "Nice to have a couple again". The woman has just come upstairs with cups of tea and soft drinks, it is a break in the warm studio. My stomach is turning from the tension, but in love and horny as I am now, that's a yes!
I undress behind the screen and quickly stand next to Ineke. Together we now stand naked and somewhat awkwardly next to each other in front of the white backdrop. Because of the roll that is unrolled from top to bottom, you see no transition and we seem to float in thin air. The studio lights are very bright while Tom's camera clicks and clicks, the intense flashes reveal everything. The front of our naked bodies is photographed from many angles. I'm shocked that my dick is slightly swollen, but Tom says, "This is just right, a little bigger than flaccid and no erection!". I see that the woman, while enjoying her tea, is also looking at us. I'm sure it's not a coincidence that she came to bring tea. But it is hot to see a 20-year older woman looking at us both naked. While we hold each other's hands, Tom quickly makes several more photos and some close-ups of our intimate private parts. It has become very warm and sultry in the studio. The sexual excitement makes the air smell of our horny, clammy bodies.
"Very good," says Tom. "Would you also like to hold each other's genitals for a moment for the last photo or is that too much to ask?" "Hey Isabelle", that is the woman's name, "If you really want to hold his dick, now is the time!" says Ineke. I now remember Ineke's story and Isabelle's comment about my penis when she picked up the photos.
Doubtful and uncertain but overconfident, I say, "Fine with me". Isabelle looks at Tom and he also nods yes. Although Ineke didn't answer, the clothed Isabelle stands next to the naked me within seconds. Due to the tension, I now have a limp dick. "Isabelle, please fix Peters dick right away," Tom says. Isabelle stands opposite Tom on the far right, then myself in the middle and Ineke on the far left. Isabelle firmly grips my dick with her right hand. Click, click, goes Tom's camera. Isabelle starts to slowly jerk me off and sees that Ineke is watching in silence. I have put my right hand on Inekes pussy, and my stretched middle finger pushed between her moist labia.
Especially for Isabelle
Tom quickly puts a new roll in his camera and when he turns around, he sees my enormous erection. Now 6 inch long and very swollen. "Ok Isabelle, these photos are for you and free! Let his foreskin cover the entire glans. Click, click. And now pull it back as far as possible and release it again. Click, click, Tom photographed my erection also from the side and below. "We have to stop now; the hour is already up, and this is no longer a nude photo session." Everyone looks at Tom with some disappointment. "My working hours have already ended for an hour," says Isabelle, "but I am still here to help you." "What do Peter and Ineke want?", "Have they seen the sample book photo shoot erotic yet?"
Photo shoot erotic
Together we leaf quietly through the third sample book. To each other we say, "It's quite intense, to see all those couples being photographed while fucking". Then Ineke asks, "What would you actually pay us if we continue to also fuck for your camera? Tom says, "You have already earned $250, you can double that to $500 if you largely follow the book." I ask: "Do I also have to do a cum shot?" "No that is not necessary. But that is what the $500 are based on, because the readers want to cum along with you". "That's also why we would need you fucking in at least three positions". "Okay, that pays off quickly", Ineke says suddenly with a horny smile. "I always manage to make Peter cum, and he will cum a lot as he saved a week. We'll fuck for you on camera now! But I don't want cum on my face or hair!" Tom says: "No problem, you choose how. As long as Peter visibly cums in front of the camera and let me know in time".
Isabelle is also happy and adjusts the set, straightens the sheet and sits quietly to watch. Tom says to Ineke, "Would you like to sit in the chair, with your legs pulled up over the armrests and your buttocks as forward as possible. And then please slightly open your labia with your index and middle fingers." I am very surprised by Ineke, she is following Tom's instructions without any hesitation or objections! Ineke is very excited and visibly horny. From my bench 3 meters away, I see white goo in her pussy. Click, click and click, his camera captures her beautiful body from a distance. "Nice, now please open your outer labia a little more." Click, click, while she now tries to hold her pussy wide open with her index and ring fingers, she also fingers herself with her middle finger. "Yes Ineke, this is also very good!" says a busy Tom, taking photographs. "That smile and horny look in your eyes are perfect. I'm going to quickly change the lens for more close-ups of your pussy." Tom changes the lens as quickly as he can.
"Perfectly and even professionally done Ineke! Now just your spread-eagle pink shots as you saw in the example book and your solo is done. Oh, and please first use this towel to wipe your wet vulva dry. This is necessary for 'pink shots' to allow the wankers to see every tiny detail in your beautiful young pussy". Ineke smiles indifferently and is horny. Squatting, she carefully pulls the small towel between her labia and dries her soaking pussy. Ineke now lies on her back on the bed and spreads her raised legs. With both hands under her buttocks, she opens her dried slightly hairy pussy as a pro without hesitation. "You have such a beautiful pink pussy with swollen clit and symmetrically shaped labia," says Tom. With her beautiful body and horny look, she is often and fully portrayed. I see that her pussy is now indeed dry. Fortunately, the close-ups from 10-inch distance are the last for now. What incredibly horny to see Ineke being so exposed and posing explicitly for a strange man. Isabelle sees me standing with my dick straight out and fully erect. Now I don't care who's watching or taking pictures, I just want to fuck her! Luckily, I see that Ineke is also getting wet again.
Position 69
"Enough of this beautiful pussy." "Now I'd like to see Ineke suck that nice dick!" says Isabelle. "Okay, but please in position 69 on the bed," says Tom. I lie on my back on the bed with an erection. Ineke climbs over me and grabs my dick and looks at Tom who is on his knees at my feet. Click, click, click does the camera. My glans is clearly visible, because Ineke pulls my foreskin completely down on Tom's instructions. Isabelle is now visibly enjoying herself. "Now please jerk Peter off slowly and alternately put it in your mouth," Tom asks. In the meantime, I lick Ineke's wet pussy clean, I think Tom will come and take pictures from my side. Indeed, there Tom is, and while I open her labia with my hands, I run my tongue deep through her entire pussy. How delicious Ineke tastes! I thrust my index finger in her pussy hole and she gives a loud moan. Tom makes sure everything is photographed. He carefully captures every intimate moment in detail. Tom says: "Wow, you've done that before. Good, now lick her pussy hole for a moment to open it up, and then you can fuck her!" Click, click, click,... and position 69 is done.
"We now like to photograph three fucking positions," says Isabelle. "Unfortunately, missionary is not an option, because then the action cannot be clearly seen."
Cowgirl / Amazon
I lie on my back on the bed again and Ineke slowly lowers her wet pussy over my stiff dick. Tom is crouched at the end of the bed looking at Ineke's buttocks as he takes photo after photo. "Ineke, now please slowly fuck up and down and bend over a little more. And kiss each other lovingly!". "Peter, can you spread Ineke's buttocks a little more?" Somewhat jealous, Isabelle sees our deep penetration in great detail. She just says, "Hot, very hot this." Ineke goes up and takes my hard dick out of her pussy. Ineke keeps kissing me while she lies on me. Tom makes click, click close-ups of my thick wet dick together with Inekes' open juicy pussy hole!
Doggy on hands and knees
Ineke is on her knees on the edge of the bed in a doggy position. I slide back in and fuck Ineke so hard that her tits bounce back and forth wonderfully. Sweating with an odor of sex around us and loud moans, we fuck with dedication and forget about the camera for a moment. Tom takes pictures again lying on the floor but apparently realizes that this is not a good place if I ejaculate prematurely! "Gosh, you guys are definitely the horniest couple and my best erotic shoot!" says Tom. "And I am very curious about the response and payment from my German publisher of Paare Privat." "Okay, says Tom, what is the last position before your cum shot?"
Spooning sideways sex
Ineke now lies on her right side and lifts her left leg, so that I can easily penetrate while I lie behind her. She fiddles my dick in a routine and quick manner in her by now soaking pussy. I immediately thrust as deep as I can, and Ineke moans with her eyes closed. Tom quickly takes more photos as he 'floats' around the bed. Tom stops at our genitals again and says: "Now fuck more slowly and deeply in and out." Tom takes pictures when my dick almost falls out and when it has disappeared all the way up to my balls in Ineke's cunt.
Tom probably has a pain in his pants, and I think he would prefer to jerk off too. But of course, he also doesn't want to miss the photos of my cum shot! That's how the money is made! Isabelle is now sitting happily fiddling with her fingers in her crotch. Very beautiful and exciting, that kissing and fucking couple. Ineke moans louder and louder and has her second orgasm. "Tom fast, I'm going to cum on her tits!" I shout and take my dick out of Ineke, after which she lies on her back, jerking off and squirting 5 thick gobs over her tits. Tom is already on the other side click-de-click. The power drive does its job. Ineke puts my dick in her mouth again and smiles satisfied at Tom. "Great new shot for me," says Tom. "What do you mean?" I ask. "Well, I see beautiful cum-covered tits, a smiling face and a horny mouth with a beautiful dick in my viewfinder!" Isabelle and Tom both clap, we won't forget this shoot soon!
Ineke takes the kitchen roll and wipes the semen from her breasts and neck. I wipe the last drops from my dick, and we quickly get dressed. Tom hands over the envelope containing $500, and thanks us for the fantastic shoot. We can collect the contact printout on Monday because Tom will start working on it on Sunday. He will also show us what has been published. And hope to see us again soon for some kind of sequel?
NOTE:The original Dutch guilders have been adjusted to US$ 2024 for exchange rate and inflation
PHOTO SHOOT REIMBURSEMENTS -- Female (F) -- Male (M) -- Couple (C)
Topless (1 hour) -Fully clothed, lingerie & topless: F $70
Nude (1.5 hour) -As topless + implied nude & full nude: F $200 : M $50 : C $250
Erotic (2 hours) -As nude + erotic sexual acts & cum shot: F $325 : M $120 : C $500
Erotic movie (2 hours) -As erotic now on video & promo photos: F $650 : C $1.200
1 What do you think of this photo shoot?
2 The professional photographer?
3 The $ 500 payment for the erotic shoot?
4 Using sample books?
5 Did they also make an erotic movie?
We would love to read your comments and insights!
Also via PM and e-mail. Thank you for your time!