I spit this one out fast and am still working on sequels to others. Thanks for the kind comments recently. This one is SOFTCORE exhibitionism/ENF themed, so if you don't dig that you may want to move on to some of my other stories. Cheers!
*****
Paul Richie had worked next to Rebecca Strain for two weeks, but in that short time he had developed a small crush. Rebecca trained under Paul the first week she came on, before being let loose to answer calls on her own. The two worked in a phone support center; nothing fancy, but it required some IT knowledge and paid well enough.
During her training period, Rebecca picked up on how to perform the work just fine, and Paul was happy to see that his new cube-mate seemed to be much more skilled and enthusiastic than his last. The last guy that shared Paul's cubicle was an imbecile, and often admitted he didn't even want to be there. Paul had no idea how that guy had been hired in the first place; probably a nephew of someone important in the company.
One reason Paul liked Rebecca so much was she was nice to him, unlike many others in the large office they shared. There were ten cubicles of twenty of workers, and most of the people there found Paul to be awkward and uninteresting. Of course, Rebecca's physical beauty also played a role in Paul's endearment for her. She was tall, perhaps two inches taller than he was, with a thin waist, long legs and what appeared to be a perfect set of breasts. 'Like a living Barbie doll, only cuter,' thought Paul, but it was Rebecca's smile that got to him the most. It was genuine.
Paul knew Rebecca was way out of his league and she had a boyfriend. If anything, having a boyfriend gave Paul the excuse to never try making a move. He figured it saved him the inevitable awkward rejection. Of course, Paul wished he had a chance with someone of Rebecca's beauty and intellect. He just knew the odds were zero.
"Hey Paul. Didn't you say you were looking to move into a new place?" asked Rebecca, one morning as they shared coffee. Paul always looked forward to the mornings, because Rebecca would visit with him a while before work started. It was more socializing than he got anywhere else in the week.
Paul had been living with his mom ever since he got his degree. He hoped to move out at some point, but he didn't think he made enough to live on his own comfortably. He answered Rebecca, "I've saved up plenty of money, but here's the thing. If I move out of Mom's on my own, I won't be able to save any more. It'll all go to living expenses in this town."
"Don't I know it," said Rebecca. "I've been living with Brad in Pottsville."
"You drive all the way from Pottsville?"
"Yeah, didn't you know that? Anyway, the drive is too long, and Brad is totally cool with me getting an apartment here. He's contracted in Pottsville for another year and then he'll consider moving this way."
"Wow. You're both okay with that?"
"Yeah, we hardly see each other anyway, with my long drives and him being on call all the time."
Paul knew Brad worked as some kind of medic or doctor, but was fuzzy on the details.
"Point is, I found this great flat and it has two bedrooms. Well, it's kinda weird. The walls are only eight feet high, but the flat's ceiling is like fifteen feet high, so it has this cool look. Like big bedroom cubicles. Fortunately, much thicker walls than here."
"How the hell does the whole building stay up? Shouldn't those be support walls?"
"Oh, it's so cool. Structural poles throughout the building. It used to be one giant empty room, but the original landlord made a two-bedroom apartment of it. Other than the two bedrooms and one small bathroom, the rest is all open space. Kitchen, living room, dining room... they all meld into each other."
"That sounds awesome, Rebecca," said Paul. "Does this place have other flats for rent?"
"No, it's built over some old, run-down theater downtown. The current landlord's dad put it together. Used to rent commercial space below, but it's all empty now, too."
"Lucky find."
"No shit. Craigslist does have some hidden gems. It's only $800 a month, too!"
"You're fucking kidding me."
"Landlord says not to get too excited, because the utilities run pretty high, but all in all still a good deal. And all that open space. The place is huge!" Then Rebecca paused a moment. "Thing is, my roommate... well, the girl who was going to be my roommate... flaked out at the last minute. She decided to move in with her new boyfriend instead."
"Rebecca, are you asking me if I want to be your roommate?" Paul hoped he wasn't getting ahead of himself, but this conversation seemed to be leading to that conclusion.
"That's exactly what I am getting at!"
Of course, if the same offer had been made by anyone half as nice as Rebecca, Paul would have jumped on it. At 24 years old, it really was time he moved out of his mom's place. This was so affordable, he'd be able to move out and still continue saving money for something bigger and better later.
"Of course!" Paul yelled. "I can't believe you're asking. You barely know me."
"Of course I know you. You trained me, answered my questions, you actually TALK to me. I mean, we might not be best friends, but I think you'd make a fine roommate. Anyway, it would relieve a lot of stress for me, because all the deposits kind of tapped me out this month. I need to find someone fast."
"My mom is going to be thrilled to see me leave the house," Paul said, truthfully, "But not as much as I am. Thank you, Rebecca!"
"Awesome! I already told Brad all about you and he is totally cool with it. I figured I could convince you."
"I think it sounds like a great idea."
Then the thought hit Paul that he might some day soon see Rebecca in her pajamas, or maybe just a tee or something with little else on. Paul had Rebecca may dress to relax around the house, but what he briefly imagined almost made his cock stiffen.
'Behave,' thought Paul to himself. 'Don't be a fucking dweeb. Treat this situation right.'
Paul had spent a lot of time recently studying up on how to better socialize and be liked. Being a "sincere listener" was one repeated tip. Also, to initiate conversations and accept invitations from others were useful tips. It seemed that practicing this advice was genuinely working with his new cube-mate.
To compliment his efforts of improving his social skills, Paul also worked on his appearance. He'd been working out regularly for over a year. Though he was still skinny, under the tight shirts he always wore, there was a surprising amount of muscle definition. Not Hollywood levels, but respectable ones. Paul was feeling more and more confident every day, even if he was considered short at 5'9" and even if he still truly believed he never had a shot with Rebecca.
"I'm moving in on Friday and Saturday. Won't take me more than that, I swear. Why don't you come over Sunday with your stuff?"
"Really? You sure about this."
"If you can pay me for half the deductibles and rent, absolutely."
"That won't be a problem. Sunday's perfect, too, because I have to work Saturday. It's my rotation. I'll bring my bed and dresser from home, pack it in mom's truck. Hell, I have so little, I can probably do it in one trip." Paul laughed. "How about at lunch, we just go do this thing? I'll take you to my bank, pay you half of the deposits and we'll make it official."
"I'll have to add you to the lease, but the landlord already knew there would be a plus one. He'll want to do run a background check like he did on me on the Mary, the girl who was going to be my roomie."
"Okay, no problem. I'm good with that."
Paul had never been on a date before, but taking Rebecca to the bank, and then to a fast food joint for lunch following, was the closest thing he'd ever had to one. He tried to play it as cool as possible.
"Oh, here's the key," said Rebecca, digging in her purse, after shoving a few fries in her mouth. "I was going to give it to Mary. Glad I never did."
Paul reached over and took the key from Rebecca, and worked it through a loop on his key ring.
"So? First time on your own? You sure you're ready?" asked Rebecca.
"I wanted to do this now so I couldn't back out, just in case Mom does have objections. I paid you, so it's a done deal now, and I am definitely moving in. I really need the change."
For whatever reason, perhaps because Paul knew he never had a chance with Rebecca, he found it so easy to be honest with her.
"Thanks, Rebecca, for making this offer. It's going to be a great change for me."
"Oh, I know you will make a great roomie. I have great judgment of character."
Paul almost blushed from the compliment. Maybe he had made his first true friend.
Later that day, Paul's mom took the news better than well, and helped Paul pack his clothing and spare bathroom gear in some boxes later that night. Other than a few weights and the bed, dresser and computer equipment, Paul really didn't have much. Tomorrow, Rebecca would start moving in and Paul would be working on Saturday. Even though there were a couple days to spare before his Sunday move-in date, he wanted to be prepared.
'I wonder if she has furniture,' thought Paul, but figured it didn't matter at this point. He had plenty saved up to buy some, if needed. If anything, Paul was financially prepared for this bridge in his life.
The following day, as Paul and Rebecca were finishing up at work, Rebecca tapped Paul on his shoulder. "Tonight, tonight. Brad and I packed the moving van already. We just gotta put the bed in it. We'll be fully moved in soon."
"Awesome!"
"So we'll see ya Sunday, right? Anytime is fine. I get up early."
"Yeah, Mom and I... I... uh... well, I'm about halfway packed, too. I'll be there Sunday!"
"Promise me one thing," said Rebecca.
"What's that?"
"On Thursday nights, you be my CSI-watching buddy. It's my guilty pleasure."
Paul laughed. "Sure. Why not?"
When Paul sat down at his cubicle the next morning, he knew it would be a light work day, with only a third of the crew there. Everyone working in the office shared Saturday rotations, as they got enough calls to justify the need for some customer support, but not a full crew. Thankfully, on Sundays everyone still got the day off. Paul hadn't been there an hour, and had yet to answer one call when Dee Williams stopped by. She was a group leader.
"Hey, if you wanna take off, it's cool by me."
Paul figured Dee was trying to save a bit on labor, and why not ask the unpopular one to leave? Paul's thoughts had been monopolized by the thought of the big move, so he didn't care.
"Sure!" he said, bolting out of the cubicle and racing down the hall.
Dee just shook her head. "Man, he's strange sometimes," she said to herself.
'Why don't I have Rebecca's cellphone number?' asked Paul to himself as he got in his car. He knew the address, so he figured he would stop by, get her number, and ask if it was okay if he could start moving in today, too. Hopefully, it wouldn't create too much chaos moving them both in on the same day.
'Maybe Rebecca's done moving in, anyway," thought Paul. "After all, she did say she was going to start last night."
Having never seen the neighborhood, Paul was surprised how clean the area appeared as he drove up. The building was exactly as advertised, an old cinema that must have closed in the '70s, probably built in the '20s. It was made of wood and brick, with a rather fancy, though deteriorating exterior. The cinema sign was surprisingly in tact, with three lines that used to showcase what movies were playing. One of them had lettering on it now that read 'Flat For Rent' and a phone number with only six digits displaying.
The flat was a couple blocks from the downtown square and only had street parking. Paul briefly wondered if he would sometimes find parking difficult, but since so few shops were open in the area, he didn't think it would be problematic. For now, there were three empty spaces and one moving truck parked near the side entrance, where the door was. It must have been Rebecca's, he thought.
Paul parked the car and made his way to the door, which Rebecca had explained led to a staircase, up to the open flat. The exterior door was the only door in. Paul, however, noticed there were two fire escapes, one on each side of the building.
Paul found a doorbell at the entrance and pushed it. After waiting a couple minutes, he rang it a few more times. Not entirely sure if the bell was working, he knocked as loudly as possible. He could swear he could hear the faint sounds of music, so he finally got the courage to let himself in.
'I guess they can't hear me. Here goes nothing.'
Paul reached in his pocket and opened the door with his key. The lock worked fine and was in good shape, he noticed. The door opened to a small foyer, with a fresh coat of paint on the walls. A staircase went up, and Paul saw it had an updated, sturdy armrest.
"Hey! You guys in here?" he screamed, as he slowly made his way up the stairs. He didn't want to shock them unannounced, but the music was loud, a grinding dance music.
Paul finally said 'Screw it,' and hopped up to the top to let himself be known, but the moment he turned to look into the flat, he instantly spotted danger.
The entire floor must have been almost three thousand square feet. To the back were the doors leading to the two bedrooms and bathroom, partitioned off in a long row. There were eight steel support beams in two columns. One column near the entrances to the bedrooms and bath, the other in the open area of the flat, exactly as Rebecca had described.
What caught Paul off guard was Rebecca herself. She appeared to be roped to one of the poles, with her back to him. Paul saw more of the pole from this angle, where he was standing, than he did of his new roommate, as she was facing away from him, but he knew being tied there meant trouble.
Paul quickly scanned the rest of the room. There was a couch in the southeast corner, and a box and a lady's purse not ten feet from where Rebecca was roped. A small blue-tooth radio was plugged into the wall nearest the couch, and it had been the culprit for the blaring music. Paul glanced all around the room (easy to do) to see if there was anyone else there. He saw no one.
"Hey, are you alright?" Paul yelled out, trying to be heard over the music.
"Mmmm!! MMMmmmmphh!!" Rebecca's head starting weaving and waving furiously. She must have heard him after all, Paul thought, as he Paul rushed over.
Paul jumped when he came around to see the full details of Rebecca's predicament. She was stark naked in her binds and upon closer inspection, the roping was exceptionally intricate. Her breasts were tied tightly three or four times around at the base of each of them, having them shoot out like bullets, and these ropes somehow were bound together in such a way with another rope that ran directly down her chest, across her stomach, and pulled tightly on her clit, and rubbed into her vagina and the crack of her ass. All these ropes combined somehow wrapped the pole, as well, keeping Rebecca bound firmly to it from the waist up. She could barely move.
What caught Paul completely off guard was the size and shape of Rebecca's nipples. Of course, having her breasts bound in such a fashion emphasized her nipples, but what was so striking was just how perfectly round her areolas were. Paul had seen a lot of porn in his day, and though most girls had round nipples, there was something oddly surreal about seeing perfect - impeccably perfect - circles that were Rebecca's areolas, and they were easily six or seven degrees darker in tone than the rest of her skin. It was almost as if witnessing perfect symmetry.
Paul tried not to stare too long before finally finding Rebecca's eyes. They were wide, her brows curled and she was screaming behind a strip of duct tape. Paul immediately reached up and pulled it off, trying to be careful.
"MMMM... MWwww... Ooo... ooooowwww..." she groaned.
Paul didn't think six inches of duct tape could hurt that much, but what did he know, he thought as he dropped the tape to the floor.
"Oh my god, thank god you came. My mouth, my mouth." Rebecca was nodding over at her purse. Paul looked over and noticed a water bottle.
"Oh!" He ran over, picked it up and opened it, and helped pour it to Rebecca's lips. To be so close to a naked women should have been exciting to Paul, especially Rebecca, but he was genuinely concerned for her well-being at the moment.
"Take it slow if you need and tell me when," said Paul.
Rebecca gurgled for about twenty seconds before taking a few more sips. Finally, she said, "You have to get me out of here. I have got to pee. Badly."
"Oh, of course."
Rebecca breathed a few times. "Crazy, huh? To be so thirsty and have to pee."
"What happened?" asked Paul, walking behind Rebecca and taking a look at the ropes against the pole. He was trying to figure out a way of untying it, but any loops he tried tugging at seemed to only tighten things. He needed leverage... or a knife. "You got anything sharp?"
"I don't know. Check that box."
Keeping his eyes respectfully off Rebecca as much as he could, Paul rushed to the box. Nothing but some cables and and two other speakers. Probably brought in with the radio. He then rushed to the radio and unplugged it. He had to get some answers and the noise was distracting. Turning back, he now saw Rebecca in all her full glory.
"Oh my god, this is so embarrassing," she said, noticing Paul staring at her tits. "Brad left last night. We were... uh.. we were.. playing.. you know, before the official move in. Anyway, he got a call, but it was close by enough. He said he'd be back in an hour or two at the most. He's been gone all night. Paul, please help me out of this. I have to pee!"
Rebecca was so nervous and excited and worried, she was racing through her sentences. Her tits jiggled as she pleaded and Paul couldn't help but be entranced again by the perfect circles.
"Where are your clothes?"
"Brad, being Brad, took them. It was only my shorts and a tee." Rebecca was beet red from embarrassment. "Paul, please. I really need to pee."
Paul raced back and tugged at the ropes some more. "I don't know... I don't know if I can get this." He made his way around to the front following the ropes, looking for a weak spot. He noticed the middle knot at her chest, seemed to hold all the ropes neatly together. Get that, and the whole thing comes undone. He explained as much to Rebecca.
She looked him in the eye. "Well? Can you try?"
Paul grabbed one of the ends of the knot and tried tugging and pushing it through its closest loop. He began tugging harder, causing Rebecca's heavy breasts to wobble even more, and Paul couldn't help but be distracted by the physics of it all.
"You're enjoying this, aren't you?" said Rebecca, flatly.
"Do you want me to cover you up?"
"I'm not sure how that's possible until I'm out of this."
"Oh, wait." Paul saw the duct tape that he'd pulled from her mouth on the floor where he'd dropped it. He quickly snatched it up and ripped it in half. Well, unfortunately, not quite in half, more like one third to two thirds. He took the bigger piece and began placing it over Rebecca's left nipple.
"What the fuck are you doing?" asked Rebecca, reacting to Paul's awkward handling of the tape, fumbling all over her breasts.
"I thought to cover your nipples with these." He finished applying the first one, satisfied it covered most of that glorious nipple. At this point, even with the sense of urgency, Paul found his cock getting hard in his jeans. He hoped Rebecca wouldn't notice.
"Jesus, Paul. Really? Do you really think I care at this point if you see me naked? Fine, put the other one on."
"Oh, damn. This one was torn a bit short. It can cover the nipple at least. Maybe not everything." Paul pushed the sticky tape against Rebecca's skin, finding he was now almost completely stiff in his jeans.
"Paul. I really have to pee. NOW!! I saw a bucket in the foyer. Go get it. Hurry!"
Paul was taken aback. He mumbled some incoherent words and ran to the stairs, barreling down them. As noted, he saw a slightly dirty blue bucket in the corner. At least it was empty. He grabbed it and raced back.
"This is so humiliating, but I need you to hold that bucket for me. I'll push my waist out as best I can. Oh, you need to move this rope to the side a bit, please."
Paul trembled immediately. He was incredibly nervous, but wanted to remain calm for Rebecca. Trying not to look, he pulled on the rope, trying not to touch Rebecca's privates too much. he was somehow able to shift it to the side on the first try. He then bent down, lifting the bucket towards his roommate's crotch.
Rebecca, only being tied from the waist up, was able to spread her legs and push her waist out far enough for Paul to aim the bucket dead center. Paul didn't really know exactly where best to place it really, but it didn't take long to discover. The moment he held it still, an enormous gush of fluid shot out from Rebecca's pussy. Paul, kneeling on one knee, leaned back a bit while holding the bottom of the bucket with both hands, trying to avoid any splash-back.
"Oh, right there. Yes, yes." Rebecca's eyes were closed, her face looking up to the ceiling. "Thank you, thank you, thank you."
As she spoke, Paul saw the stream continue to pour out, and he felt a dampness at the tip of his penis. Pre-cum. His face was at eye level to her tits and while she was looking away, up at the ceiling, Paul took every opportunity to store this vision to memory. How he wished he had the guts to take a photo.
"I drank a lot last night," said Rebecca. "And yet I am still so parched. More water, please."
The last drop of urine splashed in the bucket. Paul felt it was at least a liter. No wonder she was about to explode.
"Listen, bring me that water and my phone. We gotta track down my boyfriend. And please stop... uh... can you stop looking at me so much? Or get me some clothes? Or get me out of these ropes?"
"Yes, yes, I am so sorry." Paul rushed around the room, looking for anything sharp, when it dawned on him he had a pocket knife in the car. It might take a few minutes of cutting, but they would work.
"Getting my knife. Be right back."
Ten minutes later, Rebecca was almost finished being humiliated in front of her new roommate. The whole time he was scraping and sawing at the ropes near the center of her chest, her huge bound tits bobbled, wobbled and bounced against him numerous times. Rebecca caught Paul looking right her nipples a couple of times, especially the one barely covered by tape. She was purely embarrassed by this and stated as much.
"Please forget this ever happened," she said, as Paul was almost finished cutting through.
Paul had no idea how that was ever going to be possible, but tried to laugh it off.
"It's okay. We'll get you out of here and find out what's up with your boyfriend. Hopefully, everything's... uh... okay."
Just as he said that, Paul broke through the middle rope and the entire contraption gave loose. Paul quickly began pulling at ropes, unwrapping them from Rebecca's bound chest and arms.
"Thank goodness," said Rebecca, as her arms became freed.
As more and more ropes came unbound, Paul realized that the ropes binding Rebecca's breasts into her current cone shaped appearance were actually independent of the other ropes that had somehow been laced through them. Her tits, albeit covered by strips of duct tape, were still pointed right at Paul, fully exposed, bound into cone shapes.
As all but the ropes binding her tits dropped to the floor, Rebecca rushed to the box, then to the couch and then back to the box, digging through it.
"I don't have any clothes anywhere and Brad has the key to the van."
Rebecca turned back to Paul. He noticed the smaller piece of duct tape had fallen off the one breast, once again, that perfect circle of an areola staring right him. Rebecca noticed the one tit had lost its "coverage" and brought up a hand to cover it.
"My phone!"
Suddenly, Rebecca's eyes went wide and she scrambled to find her phone in her purse. Still naked, with her perfect form and shaven pussy fully exposed to Paul, she found her boyfriend's contact and called his phone. By the second ring he answered. Paul listened as Rebecca hurriedly spoke with him.
"Brad, where have you been? I was tied to that pole all night, worried sick!"
Paul heard mumbling from the other.
"You what?... no... Brad!"
A long pause.
"You can't mean that."
Abruptly the call was ended. Rebecca, with a misty eyed look, turned to Paul.
"He broke up with me."
He what?"
"He just now broke up with me. He said he was going to, anyway, and when he got the call last night, he decided to just... just... leave me there."
"He took your clothes and the keys."
"He said he left it and the rest of my stuff in a box at his place. Outside, in the garage! That fucking bastard!"
Rebecca's tits, while bound, still jiggled when she shook and she was shaking a lot right now. Then she started crying.
"Hey, it's going to be okay. There is no reason he should have done what he did to you. Do you want to call the authorities?"
Rebecca looked up. "Fuck him. But no. Let's just... let's just..." She was almost on the verge of hyperventilating, but she closed her eyes and took a deep breath. Finally, opening them, she said, "Paul, can you just help me? Let's just get my stuff and get moved in and then I'll deal with my fucking personal relationship crisis."
"Of course, anything."
"Do you have a shirt or something?"
"Not with me. I just stopped over after work and was going to see if you would let me run home and start bringing stuff over."
"Oh, that's right. You were working today. Um..." Rebecca lifted her hands to cover her tits, but it still did little to help her embarrassing predicament. Her tits were still bound, her bare pussy exposed. Tall, and gorgeous, Paul was still struggling trying to avoid showing he was sporting an erection.
"Here, use mine." Paul quickly pulled off his t-shirt. It was an old Oilers shirt he'd had back in college. A medium men's size which filled his growing frame well.
Rebecca was a bit stunned by Paul's sudden exposure.
"Paul, uh, wow, I didn't know you worked out."
"You can tell, huh?"
"Yes. Definitely. I'm not sure your shirt will help, though."
"You can have it."
"I mean, I don't think it will fit. Rebecca took his offer and pulled it over her head. She struggled to squeeze her arms into the holes and pull the fabric down over her breasts. It almost reached enough to cover everything, but considering her tits were still sporting out like traffic cones, the fabric couldn't naturally rest over her tits and they kept popping into view, anyway.
"We have to get these ropes off my tits. Your dull blade won't do it."
Paul realized the skin tone of her tits was slightly darker than the rest. The tight binds were taking its toll. Thankfully, they hadn't been pulled tighter before Rebecca's boyfriend... ex-boyfriend... left her bound to the pole.
"If you give me my shirt back, I can go run to a store and buy a proper knife. I could get you a t-shirt, too."
"Oh, would you?"
"Of course. Then we'll figure out how to get moved in. Get your keys. Whatever."
"That would be good. It would keep me occupied, too. I can't believe Brad just broke up with me. Would you go with me later to help get my stuff? And those keys to the moving van?" Rebecca peeled the t-shirt back off frame and tossed it back to her new roommate.
"Absolutely," said Paul. "There's a mall about twenty minutes from here. I'll be back in an hour."
Rebecca giggled, breaking the tense moment. "Awkward start, isn't it? Thank you for being so helpful... and... uh... for not being to weird about all this." She looked down at her bound tits, and then back up to Paul. "You better hurry."
Paul threw his shirt back on and rushed out of the flat. He really felt bad for Rebecca and knew if he hurried, he could probably make it back in less than an hour. However, fortune must have been on his side. As he turned down an unfamiliar street, he saw a billboard for a super-center just two miles up the road.
Paul parked close to the entrance and ran in, as quickly as he could without drawing too much attention to himself. He went to the sporting department and found a nice serrated knife the would do the trick. Then he rushed over to the women's department. Up to 3X was available in a set of plain tees he'd found. Not having any idea how women's tees were sized and thinking Rebecca might feel insulted if he got too large a shirt, he settled on "large."
It wasn't fifteen minutes from the time Paul left to when he found himself back at his new flat. 'Rebecca's gonna be glad I made it back much faster than expected,' he thought, as he made his way through the door and up the staircase. Paul was about to holler up to his new roommate, but he heard talking. A bit surprised, he stayed silent and slowly made his way up.
"...I know it," said Rebecca. "I can't believe we did that. You have no idea how fun it was! He was practically drooling. When I called the office and asked Dee to let him go home, I knew he'd swing by here. It worked just as planned."
It was then that Paul realized Rebecca was talking on her cell phone. He stopped moving forward about three quarters up the staircase. Although it was barely heard, he could clearly hear everything Rebecca was saying, and if he went any further up the staircase, he risked making his presence known, with the room being a wide open flat. There was a pause before Rebecca's voice picked up again.
"Thank you again," she finally said. "You helped me fulfill a fantasy. I'm going to miss that about you, Brad. You were always a great boyfriend... oh, I know, I know... yeah... well, it was good while it lasted, but you know... it was your suggestion in the first place, and frankly, you're right. Just too many differences..."
Paul was trying his best to process this information as he listened to the conversation. Had his roommate set this whole thing up? With her ex-boyfriend? It appeared so.
"No, we can keep in touch... I just think it should be minimal... yeah... well, you too, I mean it. Good luck. Hey, I really think you ought to get with that brainy chick who used to work with you... yeah, Theresa. That's the one."
Paul began to debate making an appearance now, or to continue holding off, when the decision got made for him. He heard Rebecca laugh loudly and then finally say, "Hey, I gotta go. We're gonna stop by later and pick up that stuff you're leaving in the garage... yup. Yeah, you shouldn't be there... cool, well, I was just checking. We'll talk again sometime, okay?"
Just as Rebecca was hanging up the phone, Paul popped his head into view and finished making his way up the stairs. He turned and saw Rebecca far back in the room, leaning, or rather propping, against the back of the couch.
"You're back!" Rebecca screamed, the moment she saw Paul. "So fast!"
Paul stood at the top of that staircase looking at his new roommate. Other than the cell phone in her right hand, and the two ropes binding her breasts into those unusual cone shapes, Rebecca was completely naked. Completely exposed. And now he knew she got off on it...