Candice was one of only three girls who worked at local distribution center loading and unloading trucks. She wore jeans and a company logo shirt to work every day. Between the wear house crew and two old ladies that worked in the office, there were about twenty people working her shift. Most of them around her age 32.
She had obviously made some friends there. As we talked about our day in the evening. She would tell me some of the stupid, sometimes dangerous, things that had happened that day. I had asked her if any of the guys ever hit on her. She said a few. But they know she's married it's just harmless flirting and she flirts back. She said it sort of makes her feel good.
I could normally tell when she had a good "flirt session" that day. Because those nights she would ride me cowgirl and fuck herself like she was possessed.
One evening she mentioned that there was a new young couple, Bret 22 and Heidi 21, that started there. He was working in the warehouse and she was going to be taking over for one of the women in the office who was about to retired. She said she had only talked to Bret while working but she and Heidi had gone on a few breaks together.
Candice told me that they had been high school sweethearts and married shortly after graduating. She told Candice that they couldn't afford to both go to college at the same time so they decided that she would go first in the evenings.
She said that after the conversation with Heidi, she got more friendly with Bret. The three of them started occasionally taking breaks together. She kept teasing him about what a sweet guy he was for marrying his HS sweetie and letting her go to school first. "He's such a nice young guy."
On nights that she would tell me stories of the three of them on break that day Candy would want me to put her on all fours and fuck her hard and fast doggie style. She would lower her head and beg me to fuck her harder. One night, she asked if I was going to just make love or if I was going to fuck her as she rubbed her clit. I doubled down, grabbed her hips and pounded her like I had paid for it. Just as she said, "Oh my God. I'm cuming." I spit on my index finger and shoved it in her ass. She screamed, "Oh fuck! You bastard! I can't stop cuming!" As she was sawing her ass back and forth on my cock and finger. I absolutely loved it. As it turned out, so did she. I assumed she had replaced the guy from the Lion's Den with Bret in her mind as I fucked her.
A few weeks later there was a retirement picnic planned for the women leaving the office. She asked me if I wanted to go. I told her that I don't know anybody she works with but if she wants to go, we'll go. She said, "Ok. You'll get to meet Bret and Heidi. If they go. They're so cute."
She came home the next day and told me that Bret and Heidi were going and that the three of them planned on sitting together.
I'm not a big people person. So, I wasn't exactly thrilled. But, they're her friends, so I'd suck it up and make the best of it. It was only one afternoon anyway. I agreed.
The picnic was to start at noon. It seemed like she took forever to get ready. I was waiting in the living room for her so we could go. We were going to be late. As usual. I hate that.
I was flabbergasted when she walked in. Her hair and makeup was perfect. She was wearing a pair of jeans I had never seen before. They were so tight they made her ass look even better than normal. The tank top was equally snug. I knew that this look wasn't for my benefit but I didn't care. She was smoking hot. Like a dumbass I asked her, "What's up with this?" Waving my hand up and down. She said, "I always look so frumpy at work. I just wanted them to see that I'm not always like that. Is that a problem?" I said, "Hell no! Let 'em eat their hearts out. You look fantastic."
I figured I'd take advantage of the situation and rubbed her ass on my way to the bedroom. No panty line I thought to myself. So, I went back to the bedroom and grabbed the nipple rings for later.
Other than my mind racing with ideas for that night and my complimenting her again on how hot she looked. The drive was uneventful.
We got there fashionably late. Twenty minutes to be exact.
There were a good number of people there. Looked like everyone from all three shifts that weren't working that day were there. As we walked to the picnic area Candice stopped a few times to introduce me to people and say hello. I noticed a good looking young guy standing and waving. She said, "That's Bret. Let's go."
When we reached him we shook hands as she introduced us. He was a very good looking guy. About 5'9"ish maybe 180lbs wearing jeans and a polo shirt. He was sitting alone and Candice asked why Heidi hadn't come. He said that she was in the ladies room but would be right back. We had no sooner sat down when walked up this little Norwegian looking angel. Maybe 5'2", 110lbs, hair the color of fresh corn silk, and sky blue eyes that can probably see into your soul. She was wearing a light weight sundress with the shoulders pulled down and tan sandals. Her toe nails were painted a pale pink that matched her lips. A walking wet daydream. We shook hands as he introduced me to her. Once we got our food and drinks and we sat down and started talking.
They, of course, talked about work gossip. There was little I could contribute to the conversation. I could only try not to stare at the vision across the table from me. I must have done a pretty good job because Candice never elbowed me or made any comments later. Turned out to be an okay time. Not counting the perpetual boner I had. It was getting late and I wanted to get home and fuck Candy's (Heidi's) brains out. As we said our goodbyes, we all exchanged cell numbers.
On the way home Candice asked me what I thought of them. I told her that I thought they were two great kids and neither one was hard to look at. She corrected me, "Don't you mean good looking?" I said, "You're right. They are very good looking."
On the way home I had to stop short because some idiot pulled out in front of me. I threw my right hand across Candice's chest to hold her back. Cupping her left tit in the process. After I had gotten stopped I didn't take me hand down. I just squeezed her tit a few times. She just looked at me and smiled. "Game on." I thought.
Once we were moving again I reached in through her sleeve and under her bra kneading her left tit and playing with her nipple. She closed her eyes and said, "That feels so good." I took my hand out and said it would feel better without the bra. She reached up under her shirt, unsnapped and took it off without removing her top. I went right back to playing with her nipple this time over her top. Making it stand out pressing against the tight material.
She just let out a soft sigh. I let go of her nipple, lifted my butt off the seat, reached in my pocket, pulled out the nipple rings. I held my hand out to her and said, "Here Candy. Put these on."
She asked where those came from. I told her I had gotten them from the bedroom before we left. I told her since she hadn't worn them before as hot as she looks I thought they might come in handy. She took them in her finger and reached under her top. I said, "Not like that. I want to see them. Put them on over your shirt."
She grabbed the first ring near the top, spread it open, put it over nipple and eased her hand away. She yelled, "TO TIGHT! TO TIGHT! TO TIGHT!" As she pulled it apart and off of her nipple. I told her to give them to me and take the wheel. I took them and opened each one beyond its normal spring back tension. They actually were tough. The balls at the opening weren't touching anymore. I gave them back to her and she tried again. She said they were still tight but a good tight this time.
They looked so good hanging off her I had to tug and flick them as I drove. She moaned just like with the nipple clamps.
Time to push the envelope a little.
I saw a tall TA sign about a mile ahead. I had three quarters of a tank but told her I needed gas. Candy just sat there as I pulled up to the pump. I told her that I needed cigarettes and asked her to go in and get them while I pumped gas. She said, "I can't go in like this." I said, "You're probably right. You can take those off but put them back on under your shirt." She said, "You're an ass." But did what I asked her to do. The visual was exactly what I was hoping for. Perfectly on display. As snug as her top was you could clearly see her hard nipples and the rings hanging from them. To those who didn't know, they looked pierced. It was pretty busy for that time of the night and I knew she would obviously be seen.
While I started pumping the few gallons the truck would take, I watched her beautiful ass as she walked in. I was done and sitting in the truck well before she came out. I could have pulled up near the door but want to see her walk back across the well lit parking lot.
Her face was red when she got in the truck. But, she wasn't pissed off. I said, "That wasn't so bad now was it? How'd it go?" She said, "The way all of the truckers were staring at my tits, I might as well have been topless." "Just be thankful that there wasn't anyone from work in there. But that's a great idea" She said she would have died of embarrassment had there been. I said, "Take the top off." She scoffed but grabbed the bottom of her shirt and pulled it up over her head. "Are you happy now?"
"Getting there." I said as I slowly pulled away from the pump headed for the exit.
Back on the road I continued to play with the rings. Eliciting small moans and sighs for Candy. I asked if she liked that. She said it felt fantastic. I told her I thought she was sexy as hell and it would be a shame to keep that to myself. I pointed out a semi a mile or so ahead. She said, "You're going to let him see my tits aren't you?" I said, "No. I'm just going to pass him. You're going to let him see them." As I got beside his trailer I told her to turn on her map light as I flashed my high beams to draw his attention. As I got next to his cab I said, "Now. Sit up straight, and turn so he has a good view." As she did I honked the horn a couple short times to make sure he was looking. He tapped his city horn twice letting me know he could see her. She said, "I feel like such a Slut doing this." I said, "At least this time you don't have your fingers buried in your cunt. Push them together so he gets the full effect." She moaned as she did. When I looked over she was pulling and twisting the rings putting on a good show for him. I need to get a CB I thought. He and I exchanged horn beeps as I pulled away. Candy sat back in her seat and continued playing with the rings with one hand and her other went to her denim covered crotch. I told her slow to down we'll be home in five minutes.
Candy took her hand off of her crotch but kept playing with her nipple rings. I said, "I'll bet he told every trucker within CB range about the Slut he just saw playing with her tits." She said, "I never thought about that. Do you really think so? Do you think he thinks I'm a Slut?" "I know I would have and I'm sure he's as hard as I am" I told her. "Oh fuck. I hope so." She said.
A minute later I was pulling into the garage. I put the door down this time as we got out of the truck. When we got into the house we went right to the bedroom. As I undressed I watched her unbutton and pull off her jeans. Under them, she had on a transparent pink thong I had never seen before. I told her they looked beautiful and asked when she got them. Candy told me that she bought a few pairs when she bought the jeans so there wouldn't be a panty line. The bottom of the little triangle was darker than the rest telling me that she was soaking wet. As she went to take them off, I told her to leave them on and lay on the bed.
I finished undressing, climbed on the bed and dove head first straight between her legs. I was right. She was sopping wet. The sheer nylon panties were like a dam holding her juices in. As I pushed them aside there was a thick string of her juices clinging to them. I French kissed her cunt lapping up as much as my tongue could reach. I sucked on her lips pulling them tight. Then moved to her clit. I looked up to her face and she was whimpering as she pulled and twisted the rings. I reached out and grabbed the little strings of her thong at her waist. Candy lifted her ass as I pulled them down and off of her legs. I put them in my mouth and sucked the glob of her cum out of them. As I slid up her body and aimed my cock at her cunt. I rubbed it on her clit a few times before hitting my mark and slowly pushing into her while twisting one of her nipple rings. As she opened her mouth to gasp for air, I leaned down and kissed her sharing her cum with her. She tried forcing them away from her mouth but I was persistent and held my mouth tight against hers. Ensuring she got a good taste of her own cunt.
I thrusted slow and long for a few minutes then pulled out, grabbed her hips and rolled her over. I pulled her back up onto all fours and unceremoniously slammed balls deep back into her.
I reached under her and pulled and flicked her nipples. I laid on her back and whispered in her ear how much I love showing her off to others.
"I do wish someone from work would have seen you at the TA. Especially Bret."
"You would have loved that, wouldn't you?"
"So would you. Him seeing your hard decorated nipples. Taking a mental picture."
She moaned and started fucking herself back on my cock as I held still. "That would have been so bad."
"Would it really? He would probably think about that every time he saw you at work. Those perfect hard nipples, and how much he'd love to fuck you like you're fucking yourself on my cock now."
"Please stop. I can't think about that."
"But you are. You're thinking about it. Imagine this is his cock in you right now you're fucking."
"Please don't make me do this."
"I'm not making you do anything. I'm not doing anything. You're doing it all by yourself. You can't even make yourself stop moving on his young hard cock. Trying to milk his cum into your cunt."
"Please don't make me cum like this."
"Like what?"
"Thinking about being fucked by him. Anyway, he's married."
"I know. I saw her. She's beautiful. He's probably balls deep in her now. He might even be thinking of you like you are him. Don't you wish you were Heidi right now?"
"Oh fuck! That is so wrong."
Pulling one of her nipples and rubbing her clit I said, "Maybe so. But you're going cum for him like Heidi. Let him feel your cunt grip his cock as you cum. It begging his cock to explode inside of you. Tell him to fuck you Heidi. Cum deep in your cunt."
"OH MY GOD BRET! Fuck me. Cum in this sluts cunt. Make my your whore!"
His whore? I thought. That was a little more than I'd expected. But, I went with it. I grabbed her hips and pounded as hard as I could and started to unload in her. I shoved balls deep and said, "Oh God. I'm cuming too Heidi. Take that load you whore."
Candy fell flat on her stomach and shook as she continued to cum. Her cunt gripping and milking my cock for every drop. It was incredible. I stayed inside of her, my cock pulsing as her cunt kept convulsing. Still laying on top of her I said, "Oh fuck Candy. That was so intense."
"Candy? Don't you mean Heidi?"
"Well, I just figured if you were 'fucking him' I might as well be fucking her."
"How was she?"
"A lot better than she probably is in reality. And Bret?"
"Good answer. I hope for Heidi's sake he's actually good."
I ever so slowly pulled out and rolled onto my side facing her. I rubbed back and ass feeling down inside her thighs. She rolled over facing me and winced as she took off the nipple rings massaging her sore tits. I licked each nipple and slipped my hand over her smooth pelvis, past her clit and fingered her full cunt. She griped my hardening cock stroked it and said, "Looks like someone is almost ready for another round." She swung her leg over me and started sliding her clit up and down my shaft. Moments later she had impaled herself on my cock. "Oh fuck, you're so full. So wet. I may not last very long." She asked, "Why? It's not like you haven't fucked me two or three times in one night." I said, "True. But, this is the first time with 'another man's' cum in you." "And you've never fucked me with 'another woman's' cunt all over your cock. So I guess we're even."
She started sliding back and forth, rubbing her clit on my pelvic bone and said, Then add your cum to his and reclaim your slut wife."
"Gladly." As I started thrusting up into her from below. She came as she rode me and I thumbed her clit and I didn't last 5 minutes before adding my cum to 'his'.
Both dripping sweat and breathing heavily we got up and headed to the shower. I started to chub up as we washed each other but I knew that was all it was going to do at that point. We went to bed and we're out in no time.
The next morning I walked into the kitchen as Candice was pouring coffee. I asked her how she was feeling this morning. She said, "Rode hard and put away wet."
"That's nice to hear. But I was talking about last night."
"Good now. It was exciting. But, I don't know how I'll feel when I see them later. How do you feel about it?"
"It was incredible. I was one handful of shower jell away from running one off in the shower just now."
"Probably because last night you 'fucked' his lil 21 year old wife."
"Oh, I had almost forgotten about that."
"Bullshit! You loved to 'fucking' her."
"Yea. But not as much as we both loved you 'fucking' him."
"You really liked the idea of me fucking him?"
"I'm not sure about the reality of it. But.... It was pretty hot imagining seeing you with him."
"So, for the sake of argument, you'd want to see him fucking me?"
"If that were the case. Yes. Then he could watch as I fucked sloppy seconds and reclaimed you."
"I can't have this conversation right now. I have to get to work. Besides, it's never gonna happen. So let it go."
"I guess you're right. Good fantasy though. I love you. See you tonight. Text me if you get bored."
To be continued...