Chapter I
Helen spent three Friday evenings in a elegant little lounge on the east side of town. She wanted to pickup men, she was horny, she craved sex, and this seemed like the most likely place to find horny males. The slightly past middle aged widow was a good looking woman, spending a number of days at the gym, another good place to find males. She was successful the previous Friday, but the guy climaxed, rolled over, fell asleep, and Helen had to call a cab to get back to the bar to retrieve her car. She knew it would be more difficult for an older woman, but not this difficult, she was truly frustrated in her search for a sexual partner.
"There is a better place. A female voice said as the strange woman slid onto the barstool next to Helen. But, not the kind of place a good female would go alone." The woman said matter-of-factly.
"Do you mean the neighborhood is rough?" Helen replied. The woman was dressed in a nice, but obviously seductive dress, with a scoop neckline. Helen thought the woman should not have worn such a revealing dress, she had a fairly small bust line, and didn't wear a pushup bra.
"Mmm, not exactly. If you go in alone, you are sure to be the female in the middle of a big group of males, using you for whatever they want, unless that is what you want." The other woman said as she sipped her drink.
"So, you're saying that one woman is raped, but two are left alone?" Helen sipped on her wine as she listened to the woman relate how with two or three women, you could select one, maybe two partners for the evening.
After thirty minutes of general talk, female talk, and how they found the males in this bar versus other bars, Helen was growing tired of the males at this lounge. She changed the conversation back to the bar where the women are but sex objects for the males to select from. After another thirty minutes of sexual discussion regarding the other lounge, and two males who seemed a bit too drunk to accomplish anything sexual with, Helen excused herself, and left.
Helen drove the three or four miles to the area where the sensual lounge the woman had described supposedly was located. All Helen could find was a series of motels around an old airport, but no lounge that appeared to be a hot bar. After searching for over thirty minutes, she found a motel that indicated it catered to mature adults only. That was the only indication on the exterior, and the sign made no indication of being much more than a motel. She drove around the motel slowly, noticed a sign that indicated a lounge, and decided to park and watch for awhile.
Helen watched a couple exit their car, and enter the motel lobby. The woman was dressed in a rather licentious outfit, and the man made it clear he liked her outfit by running his hands over her butt, waist and shoulders. Another couple exited the motel from one of the other doors. They hurried across the parking lot to two separate cars, obviously out on an evening away from their respective spouses.
It was nearly midnight, and Helen was becoming sleepy. She watched as two more couples left the motel, both of the women were barely dressed. Then one women came out with four male friends, two of them almost carrying her across the parking lot to a car whose door was opened by another male. The third male closed the door for the woman, made comments to the other males as they walked away, then he got into the drivers side of the car. In a few moments, the couple left. Helen was not sure about what was going on, but she considered that the woman must be the wife or girlfriend of the male driver. She also felt that the woman had been sexually used by the four males that evening.
Helen spent Saturday morning deliberating what she had observed the previous evening, and the events she had witnessed. She considered the various observations of the women, and the men at the motel she had found. Helen called the adult motel at about noon, asked several questions regarding the motel, and was very interested in what the woman told her without being prompted by Helen. The motel had adult movies not only in the rooms and the suites, and twelve channels of various sexual movies, but the lounge located in the motel, also had adult movies on three screens. (Sort of like a sports lounge, ( the woman on the other end of the line commented, and the lounge also had a nice dance floor with a DJ on Friday and Saturday nights. Helen inquired about a reserving a room, but was disappointed to hear that all the rooms were reserved for the evening. She decided she would try the place that evening, going to the lounge and see what transpired. All it took was a little bit of guts, and she might find what she needed and wanted, a male to fill her sexual desires.
Helen left for the mall, a little shopping might do her good, she thought. As she wandered the mall, she was drawn into a lingerie shop which carried some very sexy items. Inside there were several other women, and two couples. As Helen strolled around the store looking over the lacy items, she overheard one of the couples discussing an outfit, and how it would be just right for the evening. Then they mentioned the adult motel Helen planned on visiting that evening. Helen listened more carefully, trying not to be obvious. She heard them discuss the motel, how the woman was interested in having her husband and two or three others up to their room for a party. Helen was stirred by the thought of the sexual experience of three to four males making love to her at the sametime; she thought it would be very pleasing sexually to be used by a variety of strange, horny males.
Helen handed her credit card to the clerk, paying for her four hundred dollars of sexy lingerie, a skirt, blouse, and dress. She crossed the mall to a shoe store, and purchased a pair of black paten leather high heels, slightly over four inches in height, easily the tallest in the store, and the tallest she had ever worn. She would have to practice walking in the heels, she decided.
Helen finished her frozen dinner, and went to her bedroom. She laid out the dress, the skirt and blouse, and the other lingerie on her bed. She then went and showered. Helen finished her hair, and returned to her bedroom. She put on the lacy, black, French-cup bra, adjusted the straps and her 38C tits in the lacy material, making sure plenty of her tit flesh showed above the lace and that the top of her nipples was visible, she even left in the little pad on the underside of her breasts, it made them fill out the top of the bra even more. Then she put on the garter belt, and the black-seamed nylons, another first for her, no pantyhose tonight. Then she put on the lacy black panties. She slipped on the black stretch cotton skirt, then her flowered cotton blouse, that only buttoned to the center line of her breasts, the blouse had a large collar and no additional buttons. The collar of the blouse was open much more than she would normally wear, but this was not a normal evening, by any ones imagination. She was out for an evening of sensual pleasure, and sexual activities.
The cool September evening required a light coat, which she was glad of considering that this was the first time she had dressed so seductively. She approached the motel slowly, and drove around the grounds before she decided upon a space near the entrance of the lounge, which had a separate door from the main entrance. Helen watched three nice looking males as they entered the lounge as she finished her parking. She sat quietly in the car for five minutes, watching one couple enter the lounge; she removed her light coat as she exited her car, tossed the coat into the back seat, and headed for the lounge. She walked quickly across the parking lot to the brightly lit entrance of the lounge, she wondered about retrieving her coat, it was a bit chilly, but the chill made her nipples stand up a bit more.
Helen was amazed at what she was witnessing on the three video screens, as she entered the lounge. On one screen a male and female were quite engaged in screwing, the woman on her back, legs raised, and the male humping her with wild abandon. On the second screen two women were totally engaged in a lesbian sixty-nine. On the third a single female sat kneeling on the floor of a room with four males around her, all of whom were masturbating. Trying not to act like she was aghast at what she was witnessing, she strolled around the bar slowly, closely examining what was transpiring in the lounge. Even though she had practiced walking in her new high heels that afternoon, she was still a bit wobbly in them. There were only six single males in the bar at this early hour, and two couples. The males in the lounge shared their gazes between the two couples, and the unknown new female in the room.
Helen slipped onto one of the bar stools, in as ladylike a manner as possible. She did let the skirt slid up her thighs, just high enough to show the slightly darker band of her nylons near the top of the stockings. She ordered a glass of white wine, which the bartender quickly delivered to the elegant, but very sensual, tall brunette.
Helen attempted to not stare at the porno videos, but she could not help but to watch the sexual playing of the people on the big video screens. Watching the sexy videos turned her on; she was getting horny seeing other people have sex, even if they were on a screen. Suddenly, Helen felt the warmth of another person next to her, mostly because the cool draft of the air conditioning suddenly quit blowing against her left side. She did not turn, but felt the person slide onto the bar stool to her left.
"Hi, my name is Dan." The deep male voice said. Helen turned to see a good looking male in his early fifties, she guessed, neatly dressed, and now sitting next to her. "I don't believe I've ever seen you in here before, my dear."
"Well, no", she stammered, "this is my first time in this type of lounge."
After nearly ten minutes of general discussion, Helen was a bit more at ease with the strange male. He said he was single, but by now it made little difference to her, married, single divorced, she was having a nice conversation with a man who was working in a slow aggressive manner in seducing her. He did seem to believe that she was single, and available, and not just for sex. She also enjoyed the warmth of his right leg against her left thigh. Now this was more like what she had been looking for in the other lounges, and Helen was quite happy she came here for the evening.
"Only place in town that shows adult videos in a lounge. You seem to be enjoying the videos, honey." Dan said, as his hand gently slid onto her left knee from his right leg.
"I've never seen a place quite like this, especially a lounge." Her heart throbbed as his hand gently caressed her nylon encased knee. She was actually very pleased she had met Dan. "And in a motel, too."
"And not just any motel, it's an adult motel. Are you looking for a private evening, or a little party, sweety?" His hand now softly caressed her thigh at the hem of her skirt which was hiked up to mid-thigh by now. Helen enjoyed the sensuality of his caresses, it had been a number of months since a man had paid this much attention to her, real sensual attention.
"Oh, I'm not really sure of what I want to do this evening. I had not considered the type of party, just that I wanted to meet some new male friends." She stammered trying to concentrate on the words, and not just his physical attention. His right hand now slid from her thigh, then around her waist. He turned more toward her on his stool, his eyes engaging hers as they spoke. Now his left hand slid onto her left thigh, just where his right had previously been.
"I see you like to wear lacy, sensual lingerie." He said, his gaze obviously directed at her cleavage, and inside her gaping blouse. Helen made no effort to close the gaping cotton collar, enjoying the thrill of his gaze, knowing he could see the lacy material of her bra as it held her well rounded tits. He never broke his gaze down her partially open blouse, it did not matter to her that this had always been a forbidden thing before, allowing a strange male to stare brazenly into your blouse.
"Frilly and silky things always make me feel more sensual." She suddenly replied. Now his right hand was on her ass as she sat on the stool. A movement next to her indicated another male had stepped up to the bar on her right side.
"I'd like a Bud Ice." the man said as the bartender approached. "Hi, Dan. Who's your new female friend, buddy?" Helen could almost feel his eyes as they traced her figure from shoulder to knees; she knew he could see where Dan's hand was on her left thigh.
"Les, haven't seen you for a couple of weeks. "This is Helen, and this is first time here," Dan said, his left hand now firmly playing with her thigh at the juncture of the little skirt and the nylons, and quite obvious to the gaze of Les.
Helen was not quite sure of what to do; a true and proper lady would not allow a strange male to touch her so intimately and blatantly, in a public place, and especially in front of another unfamiliar male, obviously showing her to be a wanton woman. She was getting hotter by the minute, enjoying the attention of the men as she sat between the two handsome males. At fifty-two, she was more thrilled by the two males at her age than she would have been twenty years ago. She quietly sat there between the two, thinking about whether she should pay more attention to Dan, since he was the first to talk with her, or the new male. But as the minutes passed, it was obvious that the two males wanted her, the two of them and her, and at the same time. Les now sat on the bar stool on her right, playing tenderly with her right leg copying the actions of Dan, who continued to caress her left leg. Helen was mesmerized by the physical attention the two men were giving her, she was still apprehensive about having two males vying for her attention. Again, thought of being a proper woman crossed her mind, but were immediately dismissed by the obvious sexual advances of the two makes.
"Whoa, catch the action on the screen over there!" Les pulled his left hand from her leg, and pointed to the screen on the wall to their left. Helen leaned a bit more forward, exposing more tit flesh. His hand returned to her thigh, gently massaging, but also tugging her legs apart a bit more. Helen was fascinated by the scene on the video; a woman lying on a couch was being covered by the semen of the three males around her simultaneously.
"Wait. She gets more in a few minutes." Les commented, his hand roaming further between her thighs. "Saw this one when I was here three weeks ago."
Helen felt Dan remove his hand from her waist, and Les place his on her left ass cheek. Now, Dan slid his right hand up Helens left, inside upper arm, his fingers against the flesh of her torso, then her left breast. She was very aroused by his aggressive behavior, enjoying the tingle as he softly touched her breast held within the lacy bra, with the back of his fingers. Helen continued to lean forward, watching the video of the woman as her face was being covered in the semen of several more ejaculating males. Helen was very aware that neither of the males sitting next to her were watching the video, but making every effort to leer at her breasts and cleavage as much as possible. Helen had never received this much attention from one male, let alone two males in the past twenty-five years, and she was captivated by their touches and groping, and their eyes taking her curves in. She wondered if she would see anyone she knew in here, she would be very embarrassed if anyone she was acquainted with saw her in this type of lounge, she had long ago dropped the idea of being tossed out of the bar for her actions.
"Hot body, honey. You are built really great." Les whispered in her left ear, the back of his right hand fingers traveled the curves of her left breast as he spoke, pressing lightly against the pliant tit flesh. He delighted in the feel of the warm female breast held in the lacy bra, and she was thrilled by his touching.
"I'm glad you are enjoying my figure," Helen replied her breaths were slightly shallow as she became hotter from the ministrations of the two appealing males. She slid her left hand onto his right thigh as he stroked her breast, his fingers causing her nipples to become quite hard.
"You sure are a fiery little number, honey," Dan whispered in her other ear, his right hand now massaging her satiny inner thigh at the top of her black stockings. He gently pushed at her inner thighs telling her to spread her legs a bit more. She was reluctant at first, but he persisted, and she was getting very horny, so, she spread her legs a bit more, putting aside the feelings of embarrassment and thoughts of being pristine. She relished his fingers on her hot flesh, his fingers alternating between the nylon covered and bare part of her thigh. Her thighs were hot to his touch.
Another male walked up, Helen attempted to recover and make herself a little more demure and ladylike, but the trills of the two men's hands were more than the misgivings. Dan continued to stroke her inner thighs, as Les continued to fondle her left tit and nipple. Helen became more brazen, enjoying the eroticism of having two strange males caress her various sexual parts, as another strange male observed her exhibitionistic behavior. She was not even sure of what they were saying, she was more interested in allowing them to play with her even more brazenly, giving them her implicit approval of their sensual actions. The hot female began playing more with her male friends, massaging their legs as they talked and played with her. Helen was becoming more immersed in the sensuality of the acts they were performing in public, she became more daring as she became hotter with sexual desire, allaying all of her thoughts of modesty, she was genuinely thrilled by she, and her male friends brazen actions.
"Do you need a fresh drink, honey?" Dan asked his right hand massaging her thigh.
"Mmm, just club soda this time," Helen let her knees part just a bit more as Dan turned to the bartender and ordered another round, club soda for the lady. "Don't want to get drunk."
Two males across the bar from the trio smiled at Helen. They could obviously tell that her two friends were toying with her, and Helen became even more aroused. Helen was not quite sure about returning their smile, so she coyly looked away, she was still a bit embarrassed.
"Would you like to go somewhere a bit more private, sweety?" Les asked, his hand pressed her breast firmly as he spoke, intent on making a point of his sexual desires.
"I, ... well..., I've never been picked up by men like this." Helen stuttered, but firmly massaged his leg just below his crotch. She knew what she had said was wrong, but what the hell she wanted to get in bed with these two as much as they wanted to do the same.
"We want you to be comfortable, hon, so we can get to know each other a little more intimately here," Les replied. He now traced the hem of her bra, across her left breast, to her sternum, and to her right breast. His index finger circled her right nipple, then retraced back to her left nipple, he repeated his actions several more times, making her pussy ooze in excitement.
Helen was close to melting as the two males continued to caress her vital sex parts. Helen slid her hand tentatively up to Les crotch. She felt his swelling cock in his pants, knowing she was now giving approval to he and his friend Dan molesting her. She felt Dan's fingers slowly probe near her pussy, she allowed her creamy thighs to part another couple of inches. Now his fingers touched her center of lust, she enjoyed the gentle probing, she could feel her pussy begin oozing more juices as she became hotter and hotter. She was really thrilled by the advances of her new male friends.
"You really seem to be enjoying yourself, honey, you're getting hotter by the minute." Dan's deep voice said in her ear, his fingers still toying with her nylon covered pussy.
"Mmm, this is nice. You two are very persuasive." Helen replied. "Do you know the two guys across the bar, they keep watching us?"
"Yes, I do, friends of ours. We know a lot of people around here, including the three couples." Dan answered, then slid his right hand away from her pussy, but still stroking her silky inner thigh, knowing that the brunette was getting hornier by the minute.
A hand now cupped her right breast, kneading it gently, and tweaking her nipple softly. She enjoyed the exoticism of one of her new male friends fondling her breast so boldly, so openly. Then she mentally counted the hands on her, there were five. She was going to complain, but then her mind became even more exhilarated with the fondling of now a third strange male. The hand now slowly slid from her breast, and around to her back, and up to her neck, under her long, dark tresses. The warm male fingers slowly massaged her neck causing her to become even more aroused, yet relaxed. The males continued to caress and fondle her warm, and now very willing flesh of the horny female, his fingers gently massaging her neck and the muscles across the top of her shoulders.
"I'll bet you're really hot, sweety," Les cupped her left breast and toyed with her nipple as he spoke softly in her ear. "I'll bet that pussy of yours is drooling with juices, just waiting to get fucked. We have a suite upstairs, why don't we go up there and have a really hot time, you can really let loose there?"
"You're so eloquent, sweety." Helen stammered as she spoke, turning to him and letting him lean over and kiss her deeply, their tongues thrashing in each others mouths. Helen nearly climaxed right there on the barstool, she had never been so daring, either in public or with strange males. She had intentionally let them seduce her, or had she seduced them, whichever, she was going to a motel room with two appealing males. Hands and arms began moving as it was obvious that they would be leaving the bar.
Les slid from his stool, and pulled it aside. Helen turned toward him and slid from her barstool, her skirt slipped way above the tops of her nylons, exposing her inner thighs and of her pussy to his gaze, and she enjoyed displaying herself in a very unladylike manner.
"Really great looking legs, sweety, fuckin' nice legs." Les whistled softly as he stared at her curvaceous legs. "It'll be great to have those wrapped around my waist while my cock is buried in that hot little cunt of yours!"
Helen was a bit amazed at his vulgar language in public, yet, the obscene language turned her on even more. As she stood with Les on her right, she felt Dan move in on her left. The third gentleman stood just to the left of Dan, he was a bit younger, but taller and very good looking. Obviously, he was the male who had slid his hand around and cupped her right breast a few minutes earlier, she enjoyed his hands fondling her, too.
"Meet Patrick, he's a very good friend of ours. Thought you'd like to have him join us too." Les said as he took her arm and begin to escort her to the door that led to the motel.
"If you think so, stud." Helen could hardly believe her own ears as she spoke. She was giving tacit approval for a third male to now join them in a sex party. She could not refuse, she was elated that she was going to be the center of attention of these three hunks. As they left the bar, she enjoyed the male hands fondling her ass cheeks as they walked through the reception area of the motel, making an indecent public display of her in the lobby of the motel. There was another couple in the reception area, and four other males, all watching her, and her new friends as they made their way across the lobby to the elevators, Helen the center of attention for a small crowd of other adults in a place designed for sexual pleasure.
As they reached the elevators she slid into a warm embrace with Dan, first face to face, then she turned so her back was to him. Les pressed the call button for the elevator, smiled knowingly, and winked at the horny female. Helen now observed two handsome black males and one white male exit the bar and head towards the elevator. She wondered about them, were they going to join the party too? She was not sure about this many males accosting her, even if she might be willing. Dan's hands began to roam up and down her torso, openly cupping her tits in front of the small group of males. He cupped her right breast, then her left as he released the right. His free hand then traveled across her tummy, and down between her legs, pulling the already tight skirt into her crotch in a very vulgar display of her body. Helen did not object, she was ablaze with excitement as her stud made a prurient display of her. She delighted in the ribald exhibition, it made her even hotter, more willing and wanton in her desire for sexual pleasure with this group of males, she reached out and slid her right hand into Les's crotch, feeling a hard cock under the material.
The elevator door opened, a middle aged couple alighted and walked between the group. The woman made a lewd comment about how could one woman be such a slut. Helen, enjoying the comment about her being a slut, followed Les onto the elevator, Dan fondled her ass cheeks and Patrick trailed him. Les made some sort of gesture and the other three followed. Helen was now the lone female on an elevator with six, handsome and very horny males. She knew she was going to be in bed with all of these very horny male hunks, she was titillated at being the object of the attention of so many males at one time, including the two black males and the other white male, not knowing any of the three, somehow the thought of sex with an unknown person made her even hornier.
Dan slid his right hand across her shoulders, letting it rest atop her shoulder for a moment. As the door to the elevator closed, his hand slid down and inside her blouse, cupping her right breast. Deftly he slid the material of the blouse and bra from her breast, exposing it to the leering eyes of the strange males. She was going to say something, but she was stopped by Les who now frenched her, his right hand unfastening and tugging the blouse from her waist. He now slipped her left breast from the lacy confines of her bra, he then bent over and began to slurp at her rosy, erect nipple, making it harder, and glisten. Her right hand continued to play with Les's cock, trying to find the zipper, but unable to with only one hand available, the other being held into the crotch of one of the other males.
The elevator stopped, and the door opened. Helen attempted to pull her blouse back to cover herself, but, before she could Dan and Les led her from the back of the elevator, through the other four males, and into the hallway. Instead of covering her breasts, she found her bra being undone, and breasts lewdly fondled by two different males. As they exited the elevator, Dan turned Helen to face him, she thought for another kiss. His hands rested on her shoulders, then gently pressed down on her shoulders, indicating she was to kneel in front of him. Helen looked down, his cock stood at attention, sticking out of his pants. Sometime during the ride up the elevator he hand undone his zipper and pulled his cock from his pants.
"Suck it, slut!" was all he said. Helen, now in a sexual stupor, slowly knelt down in front of him. She took his ten inch cock in her small hand, marveling at the size and the throbbing of the hot pole. She opened her mouth, ovaling her lips as she guided the hard cock into her mouth. She enjoyed the musky odor of the cock and the taste of the semen that oozed from the tip. She looked up, his eyes were closed. She looked around, five other cocks were out of their pants and being slowly stroked by their individual owners. She became even more shameless, enjoying being wantonly displayed like this in the hallway of a motel, where at any moment others might see her. She was also well aware that her breasts swayed lewdly in the open air, erotically outlined by the edges of her open blouse.
"Mmm, you're a great cocksucker, slut, but let's get to the room and have some real fun. I'll bet you really get off fucking and sucking the six of us tonight!" He raised herself from the floor, his cock making a lewd popping sound as she let it exit her mouth.
"You fuckers aren't going to hurt me are you?" She asked in an honest a voice as she could, realizing the strangeness of the question. "I, well, I've never had sex with more than one man at a time! I want to have fun and give all of you a lot of pleasure, but..."
"Don't worry, my horny little slut, we will be as gentle as you want, or as crude and rough as you want." One of the black males now stood next to her as he spoke, turning with her so they could go down the hallway. His hand easily slid across and over her shoulder to cup her right tit as they walked, her blouse completely open and bra unfastened and ends dangling at her sides. Helen was overwhelmed by the sensuality of having a black male fondle her naked breast as they walked down the hall of a motel toward a room where she was willing to sexually accosted. It suddenly hit her, she was going to be gangbanged!
Unexpectedly one of the doors to a room opened, Helen thought better of trying to recover from this erotic display, but she continued down the hall with her new black lover hotly fondling her right breast, she was becoming even more brazen in her sexual attitude. Her left hand easily found the ten inch, very thick, black cock standing out from it's owners pants as they walked. The couple exited the room into the hall, taking in the lewd display, and the large group walking together down the hall. Helen noticed the woman was about her own age, and nice looking, with her clothes a bit askew. Her male friend was much younger, maybe twenty-five, the woman had obviously been screwing the young stud, both looked rather tired.
"If there's any cock left over, honey, Ill be in the bar. Always wanted to try a fuckin' gang bang." The woman lewdly commented as the crowd of six males, and one female walked past. Helen was thrilled by her own brazen exhibitionism, and the openness of the strange woman.
Les stepped ahead and opened the door to the room. Helen was ushered in by her black lover, who continued to stroke her breasts. The other four males followed Helen and the other two males into the room, the last one of the males in closed the door.
Helen turned toward her black lover as they stepped to the center of the room, letting him take her into a heated embrace. As she frenched him, her eyes open, she noticed that the other males were undressing, and that they stood in the outer room of a very nice suite. Her blouse was removed by an unknown male from the rear, as was her bra. She felt the zipper of her dress slide down, then the button at the waist being undone. The little skirt quickly fell into a small heap at her ankles as the black male glided away and was replaced by one of the white males. She easily fell into his embrace as another male snuggled up behind her, making her into a sandwich, a female between to males.
Helen enjoyed the two hard male poles as they jabbed against her tummy and ass as she kissed and fondled the two males giving her attention. Her breasts were being generously massaged by hands, to whom they belonged, she did not know or care. She heard the TV come on and glanced to see a huge cock sliding in and out of the ovaled lips of an older woman, and another cock rubbing its head on her cheek, then the camera panned down the woman's torso showing the woman astride another male pole.
Helen slowly lowered herself to her knees, her tongue trailing across the mans nipples, tummy, and then hard dick. She kissed the tip of the hard cock, then swirled her red tongue around the head of the large male pole. Her right hand cupped his hairy balls, her left circled the base of his shaft. She stroked the pole slowly, causing a drop of pre-cum to glisten as it exited the hole at the tip of his cock. She flicked her tongue out, and took the liquid into her mouth.
Helen felt a male lifting her. As she raised up she felt his hands grasp her waist then his head slide under her. His tongue flicked into her open quim, she lowered herself a little bit onto his face. She had never sat on a man's face like this, nor had a cock in her mouth at the same time she was being eaten, all of this was very new, and very, very exciting to her. She continued to gently slid the prick in and out of her mouth as she stroked the hard pole and played with his hairy testicles which were now like walnuts in her small hand.
Helen began to shiver in anticipation of a climax. She rubbed her pussy against the male face harder and harder as she neared her zenith. As she quaked in her climax she was rewarded with a huge load of cum from the pole in her mouth. She ovaled her lips around the tip of the jerking piece of meat, thrilled at the shots of jism as they splashed into her mouth and trickled down her throat. As she took his load into her mouth he held her head steady, holding her steady as she climaxed at the same time as her current fucker. She savored the flavor of the semen as she swallowed his vile load. She glanced around the room, catching the eyes of her other lovers as she continued to suck on the now deflating cock, pleased she was showing off her prowess as a cocksucker and female exhibitionist in front of strange males.
The hands of the male she was squatted over gently pushed at her ass indicating for her to raise up. As she did he slid from beneath her, turned and slid back under her, his cock at rigid attention. Helen did not need any encouragement, she quickly lowered herself onto the ten inch male pole. She placed her hands on his knees and began an up and down fucking motion. She fucked the male this way for a few minutes, then she felt the hotness of another prick testing her lips. She adjusted her motion so that she could really fuck the male underneath her, and suck the second prick as it pistoned in and out of her mouth. The male fucking her mouth held her head steady as his pelvis thrust back and forth making his cock slide lewdly in and out of her mouth. She slowly moved up and down, holding herself up slightly, as the man also thrust his hips up and down to make their fucking even faster. She grasped the knees of the male in front of her as she continued her fucking and sucking. She climaxed once again as the two males also loosed their loads in her, one in her mouth, the other in her cunt. She greedily swallowed a second load of cum, as the other male showered the inside of her hot cunt with his jism. Helen continued her fucking and sucking until the two pricks were deflated and dropped from her pussy and mouth, a lewd string of semen trailed from her lips to the cock as it moved from her mouth. As she slowly rose, a small stream of cum ran down the insides of each thigh.
"Time to get on the bed now, slut. Get your fuckin ass into the bedroom and onto the bed. Spread your fuckin' thighs, we wanna see that cum filled pussy of yours!" Les ordered as he grasped her wrist and assisted her from the floor. Without a word Helen sensually walked into the bedroom, her ass sashaying back and forth provocatively, she fell over onto the bed and on her back. She raised her legs and grasped the back of her knees with her hands and held her legs wide so that her male lovers could see the cum oozing from her pink lipped cunt.
One of the black males now knelt on the end of the mattress, holding a twelve inch cock in his hand. He edged his way up the bed between the white sluts thighs, and then guided his cock into her waiting wet pussy. Helen moaned with pleasure as the huge pole slid into her slimy wet cunt. The man began to slowly piston in and out of her cunt, letting her adjust to the circumference and the length of his cock. Within five minutes he was shoving every inch of his cock into her, as she held her legs higher and higher, her knees almost touching her ears.
"Yeah, bitch, take it, take it deep!" He growled as his thighs gently slapped against her ass.
"Yesss!" She hissed, "Fuck me, fuck me, deep!" Helen was enjoying the feel of the large cock as it slid slowly in and out of her cunt, she contracted her cunt muscles, then relaxed them, causing even more pleasure for the two lovers.
"Yeah, she's a real hot fuck, Les, glad you found this white bitch for our little party." Bill said as the other five males watched the woman get pummeled by the big black cock. Her tits flopped around lewdly on her chest, the nipples swirling as she was fucked.
"She sure is. I wondered about her when I first saw her walk in the lounge. I thought she might be some sort of plant by the cops or something. But, as you see, she likes to have a big, black dick stuck in her cunt." Les responded.
"Ahh, here it comes, bitch!" And the big dicked black male made another long thrust into her, held her waist and unloaded deep in her cunt. He moaned loudly as he finished his climax.
"Make the whore lick it clean, Mack." James chimed as he stroked his meat.
"Yes, bring that big black prick up here, I wanna lick the cum from your cock!" Helen replied as she let her legs down and assisted the good looking black male up onto her chest. She grasped the base of the glistening cock and guided it to her opening mouth. She licked and sucked on the big cock, making it slowly grow. In less than five minutes she had the cock fully erect and sliding lewdly in and out of her mouth. With her right hand she cupped his huge black sack, and with her left on his ass she guided his pistoning. With the obscene encouragement of his male friends, the man eagerly fucked the white woman's mouth. It took nearly five minutes, but he climaxed again, his cum splashing her tongue and insides of her cheeks.
"Hold your fuckin mouth open, cunt! I wanna jack off in your mouth! Clasp your hands behind your head, slut!" He commanded, and she readily complied, locking her fingers behind her head. She opened her mouth wide, and slid her tongue out. His first shot dropped right into her wide open mouth. The second streamed across her upper lip, and nose, some of the stream landing on her forehead. She did not even notice the flash as the cum continued to spurt from the big black cock and into her mouth. When the man finished he shoved his cock into her mouth once more, and she greedily sucked the last of the semen from his cock. Helen then swallowed the load of black male semen, feasting on the sensual flavor of the cum. As she finished, she allowed the cock to make an obscene pop as it exited her lips.
Helen enjoyed the third load of cum as it shot into her oozing cunt. She had never in her life enjoyed sex so much, and truly enjoyed having the six males use her for their sexual pleasures. She could hardly believe she was enjoying this orgy as much as they were. Then she felt the cock in her mouth start pulsing as it shot its hot load into her willing mouth. She continued bouncing her head up and down the hard pole, swallowing the cum as it shot from the deflating cock. With her ass in the air, and her head bouncing in another males lap, she enjoyed catching glimpses of herself in the mirrors, as the males provided her with more and more pleasure.
Helen felt the tip of another cock roving around her cunt, smearing some of the cum on her asshole. Then she felt the cock as it easily slid into her cum filled cunt. She glanced in the mirror and noticed the man she had first sucked off now kneeling behind her and fucking her doggy style. She got a real thrill watching the man fuck her as she felt him fucking her at the same time, and having the other males watching her obscene sexual display.
"Jesus, fuck me harder, stud! And, I need another cock to suck." She now enjoyed the musky flavor of the cock that had first fucked her. For nearly five minutes the two males pummeled the hot cunted female finally depositing their hot loads of cum in her willing cunt and mouth. As they finished, they rolled her over onto her back.
"Time for a circle jerk now, bitch!" Dan said as he and two others surrounded her head. Dan mounted her chest, his balls swaying lewdly between her breasts, his ball hair tickling her chest. The other two males crouched beside her head as all three stroked their hard cocks.
"Yes, jerk that meat, cum in my mouth!" Helen encouraged as the three males continued their obscene stroking. She enjoyed watching the males as they stroked their hard cocks for her.
Dan was the first to shoot his load. He leaned forward, she raised her head, and all of his cum shot into her open mouth. Without swallowing, her head was turned and a second load was dumped into her wide open mouth. The third load first shot across her cheeks, but Helen was quick enough to turn and have the balance of his load shoot into her mouth along with the other two. After the three had finished climaxing, she slowly raised herself onto her elbows, and made a lewd exhibition of swallowing the lurid deposits of semen from the three males.
"Lets go back down to the lounge for an after sex drink." Les suggested to the scantily dressed female. "Id like to show you off to some more of my friends."
"Id like another drink. I didn't know you took pictures," Helen answered and commented as she sat on the couch clad only in her hose and garter belt, flipping through the dozen or so instant pictures the men had taken of her during their orgy. "You plan on black mailing me with these?"
"Not even, sweety," Les answered. "They are for our little remembrance of you, just in case you never come back here again. Might show them to a few friends of mine, just to show them how obscene and lewd a woman can be if she wants to be a real slut."
Chapter - II
Helen and Les sat at a small table in the lounge enjoying two fresh drinks. Helen had the tails of the blouse stuffed into the front of her skirt, she had not bothered to button the flowery blouse. She had also made an lenient attempt at removing the semen from her breasts, even a bit remained in her long dark tresses.
"I must say I really enjoyed the six of you ravaging me this evening. That was one helluva gang bang, Les." Helen commented as she leaned forward, allowing Les a nice view of her fleshy cleavage. She now truly enjoyed exposing herself to men, she had always been the opposite, but, no longer.
"You were very good too, my dear. You learned quickly, and really put on a hot show." Les toyed with her thigh as he spoke to her. "How'd you like to make a repeat performance next weekend? Ill get another group of big studs together for you to gang bang."
"I might. Can I let you know by Wednesday?" Helen replied, already knowing she wanted to come back here and have another hot party. She really enjoyed getting laid.
"Give me your home phone, I'll call you Wednesday evening." Les countered.
Helen started to argue, wanting to call him with her answer, but caved in quickly and gave him her phone number. She spent Sunday resting, and sunning herself in a truly skimpy bikini. Monday through Wednesday she spent at work, but hardly noticing her work, she spent more time daydreaming about another hot Saturday evening with a another horny group of males.
"Hey, you fuckin whore. Is that hot cunt of yours ready to have some really big cocks stuck in it? And that fuckin mouth of yours stuffed with hard cocks?" The raw and obscene voice came over the phone as she raised the receiver to her ear. The strange male voice came across the line.
"Well, I never. You are so crude!" She played a little game with her obscene caller.
"Yeah, you wanna swallow more cum, don't you, you fuckin whore. Bet you'd even suck black or Mexican dick, wouldn't you, cunt?!" He continued his raw and vulgar talk, making her hot with the language .
"Yes, I think you might have the right number." She replied with a slight questioning voice, enjoying the vulgar language.
"Your fuckin right I do. We wanna shove our hard cocks in your hot little cunt again, have you suck our cocks, and have us jack off on your face and tits, bitch! Make you eat cum, too! Show you off to our friends in the bar, too, you fuckin whore!" She was still not sure of the voice, it didn't sound like Les, but she was still enjoying the obscene call. Helen could hardly believe that in less than a week she would be relishing a male voice in an obscene phone call.
"We want to see that hot ass of yours at the Holidaze Motel again this Saturday night. Give me your fuckin measurements and address, well send you the outfit we want you to dress in, whore. Well be waiting for your hot fuckin ass to show up in the lounge, bitch." The male voice said gruffly. "Be ready to get really screwed and suck cock, slut!"
Helen readily complied with his request, knowing she would enjoy Saturday, and a new outfit to show herself off in. She laid back on the couch, turned the TV back up and continued to watch the gang bang video she had purchased the evening before. For the first time since she was a teenager, she fingered herself, but she now had really good reason, she wanted to be really aroused by the weekend. After she made herself climax, she dressed in the elastic topped hose she bought the night before, and her high heels, and practiced walking. She had placed a full length mirror at each end of her hallway, and finally got them adjusted so that she could watch herself walk, making improvements and adjustments. By ten she had her sexy dress on, along with her bra, and continued to practice her seductive walking.
Friday a package wrapped in plain brown paper had arrived and sat on her doorstep when she arrived home, with just her first name neatly printed on the front. She quickly retrieved it and went inside. She promptly opened the package, discarding the box and paper to the floor. Inside was a slinky, black, spaghetti strap dress, low scooped neckline in front and even lower in back. She held it to her bust and could tell that it would barely reach mid thigh when it was on. It seemed somewhat small, but then she realized that it was a stretch material, thus showing off every curve when it was on. It surprised her when she wore the dress the top was not as elastic as the lower half, in fact, it was rather loose and fell open easily when she leaned forward. Also in the box were two pair of black seamed stockings, and then she saw the note.
In very crude and vulgar language, the note told her to wear the hose, dress, high heels, and nothing else. She was to be at the bar at seven PM sharp, and sit at the bar in the same place she had the previous Saturday evening.
Work had taken up the days, walking practice the evenings, so she was well accomplished in walking very sensually and seductively in her five inch heels she had purchased the previous Sunday to replace the four inch pair. She wanted to attract as much male attention as she could, and being able to walk seductively, making her ass and tits jiggle as she walked was a part of her plan. Helen was becoming a true exhibitionist, so very different from her attitude toward sex for her first fifty-two years.
Helen added one additional item to her attire for the evening. She brought along a small, black sequined purse. In it she carried her ruby red lipstick, a brush, a vibrator, and a large tube of K-Y jelly. She parked the car a couple of minutes before seven. She adjusted her hose again, freshened her makeup, and lipstick, still not believing she would be so brazen as to wear such a whorish outfit in public. She left her little makeup bag on the passenger seat and left the car at a minute till. Her walking practice paid off. On the way to the door to the lounge, a couple walked out, and the couple both gawked at her as she strutted to the door of the lounge her tits giggling and her ass swaying.
Helen walked around the bar, walking and acting as sensually as she could. When she had made a three-sixty of the bar she perched herself on the same barstool she had the week before. She did not recognize any of the half-dozen or so males in the bar, but they obviously all gazed at her studying her moves and figure as she walked around the room. As per her instructions, she stepped from the barstool at ten after seven and strolled over to the juke box. As she flipped through the selections, a male hand slid onto her waist, his other hand slipped a dollar bill into the slot on the machine. Now the hand slid onto her left ass cheek, and began to slowly massage her pliant flesh. She enjoyed the forwardness of the strange male, in fact, she shoved her ass back against his crotch as she made two selections.
"You sure look great this evening, honey. Can I buy you a drink?" A husky male voice asked, his hand still eagerly roaming over her ass.
"Why, thank you, sweety." Helen replied as she turned and sashayed back to her stool, the strange male following her like a puppy dog. This was going to be another hot evening of sex she thought as he slid onto the barstool next to her.
As they began a conversation of small-talk she enjoyed his hand gliding gently up and down the top of her thigh. She allowed her knees to part slightly, his hand followed and slid between her legs. Almost imperceptibly he slid the hem of her black dress higher, closer to the top of her nylons. Helen watched the males around the room begin moving, some slightly closer to them, others obviously attempting to get a better view of what they were doing.
Two males changed stools and were within a couple of seats of Helen and her new friend . Then she watched as one of the couples moved from their corner of the room to a table behind Helen. There was further movement and another male strolled behind Helen, walked past them then made an about face and strolled by once again. He was obviously studying where the man had his hands and what Helen was allowing him to do as they sat at the bar. He stopped, turned, looked at Helen as she glanced at him. He turned the corners of his mouth up in a small smile, Helen winked in return.
A second male now sat next to Helen and her new male friend. His left hand quickly found her right thigh as he moved the barstool closer to her.
"We have a couple of more friends over at the booth in the corner, wed sure appreciate it if you'd like to come over and meet them. The second male said, his eyes obviously gazing down her cleavage as the top of her dress fell forward exposing most of her breasts to his gaze.
"Yes, we think you might like to get to know a few more of our friends." The first male replied, squeezing her left thigh as he spoke, making it clear she was to comply.
"Sounds like fun to me, I like to meet new people, and enjoy getting to know them." Helen said as she began to turn in unison with her male friends.
When they arrived at the booth, two males slid out so she could slide into the middle of the booth. She eagerly slid into the booth, between two new strange males, she had difficulty keeping the hem of her skirt down, but she did not care to cover herself, she wanted the men to ogle her. She was thrilled at the prospects for the evening. There were six males again, of various ages, and races. This would be a real fun party she thought as they handed her a club soda, might be even better than the weekend before.
Hands from two different males found her hot thighs, and slid the hem of the skirt to the tops of her hose. Helen spread her thighs for the males, enjoying the gentle pawing and groping she was receiving under the table. She was thrilled at the debauchery she was immersing herself into, the strange males, lewd acts in public places, and having all the sex she could take by the end of the evening. She delighted in the exhibitionism, seeing the others in the room staring at her, the only woman sitting in a bar with six males, and dressed very seductively. In seven days her sexual attitude had turned one hundred and eighty degrees.
"Lean forward a bit more, honey, I love to see really well shaped tits." The man to her right requested. Helen did not say a word, she smiled back, and leaned forward.
Now she felt a hand cup her right breast, the male to her left moved his hand to her left breast now, massaging the hot flesh intently. Her nipples became harder as he continued to massage her tits through the soft material.
At this point the male to her right fondled her right breast almost in unison with the male to her left. Just as suddenly as they began, they released their hands from her breasts. In a few moments she saw why as they leaned back and displayed their throbbing hard cocks. Helen eagerly took one in each hand and stroked it firmly as she sat between the two males, with four others watching her pumping her hands up and down.
"Well, I think its time we took the hot slut up to the suite for some really torrid sex." The male said that she had first met at the juke box.
"I'm ready to get molested by you guys." Helen said softly with a definite glee in her voice. "I really enjoy getting stuffed with nice hard cocks!"
Helen stood behind the tall, dark haired, male, who seemed to be the leader of the group, at the door to the room. The male behind her held her tightly against him, grinding his pelvis, and hard cock against her ass as the first male opened the door. He slipped the straps of her dress off of her shoulders, and slid the top of her dress down, exposing her well formed breasts. Helen made no effort to pull the front of her dress back over her breasts, she enjoyed displaying her sexy body to the rest of the males surrounding her in the hallway.
Helen gasped as the group entered the room. Inside the living room area of the suite were nine other males, the six from the previous Saturday gang bang, and three additional strangers.
"Nice to see you again, slut!" Les said as she walked up to him. He sat in one of the arm chairs, and Helen walked over to him, seductively lifted her right leg and placed the heel of her shoe on the arm of the chair. This caused her skirt to hike up and expose her naked pussy,.
"Eat my pussy, stud! You missed eating my cunt last Saturday." Helen spread her legs and shoved her crotch into her male friends face.
Over the next hour and a half Helen took on the fifteen males in most every position and style that the group could think of. She generally lay on her back with a male fucking her and a male kneeling on either side of her head as she sucked the two off. Others would suddenly straddle her chest as she got fucked, and shoot their loads into, or onto her face chest, mouth, just where ever it landed. Then she would return to sucking the two males on either side of her head, and fucking the male between her legs.
Helen had to go into the bathroom before she returned to the bedroom, she had to drain her cunt, pee, and clean some of the cum from her face. She slipped the dress back on as most of the males left the motel room, leaving she, Les, and three others recanting the evening of moral debauchery and lust.
Chapter -
"Well, my hot little tart, you reached a new low in debauchery. Fifteen males in an evening. Well over thirty cum shots." Les began. The couple now sitting in the lounge of the motel, sipping on fresh drinks. There were several males around, and a number of couples.
"More like, more than forty cum shots, mother fucker." Helen interjected. She still had semen on her tits, some on her neck, a bit in her hair, and a drop or two on her cheek. Helen had left a bit of the cum on her as a way of showing off her exhibitionism.
"I wasn't keeping track, slut. But I must say you more than pleased all of us this evening. Would you be interested in performing on more evenings like this?" Les asked as he fondled her left tit, her nipple still very tender, but still responsive to his touch.
"Fuck, yes. I'm really getting into this being a slut and whore, and getting gang banged. I never knew what I was missing sexually by not being an exhibitionist, and a slut for cocks and loads of hot cum." Helen replied hotly.
"And, nymphomaniac, our hot little slut!" They toasted glasses at this point and Les continued. "Id like to arrange for another party next Saturday, this time you select your attire, the place for your gang bang, and meeting time."
"How'd you like to have me be your whore for the whole fuckin weekend?" She winked at him, her hand massaging his soft bulge in his crotch.
"Mmm, for the whole weekend?" He shoved two of his fingers into her still frothy cunt.
"Ooo, that feels good, stud. Yes, Friday through Sunday evening. Ill perform any sex act you want, anywhere you tell me, and dress in whatever you want." Helen could hardly believe she was allowing herself to become involved in something so perverted. (Ill provide a few of my outfits, but you and your lowly friends provide a few too. And Id like to make a fuck video, I have been fantasizing about being the star of a really hot porno movie.
"I will call you Wednesday evening, not a friend of mine this time." Les responded. "Why don't you kneel on the floor and suck me off again, cunt!"
Without a word, Helen slid to the floor, sandwiching herself between Les, and his burgeoning pole, and the wall of the bar. She took his cock in her mouth and began to slowly piston her head back and forth, his cock sliding easily in and out of her mouth. As she continued to suck him, a strange male walked up to the bar directly next to Les, asking the bartender for another drink. But, he also had his dick out, a long, hard ten inches of cock. Helen easily moved from one cock to the other until she was rewarded again with two loads of cum. She moaned as she swallowed Les load first, then the strangers, who turned and walked away when he had finished shooting his load in her mouth.
"Well, my horny whore, I see you don't mind sucking cock in a bar." Les commented as she again seated herself on the bar stool. Then he noticed she had a small stream of cum dripping from the corner of her mouth, and dripping into her cleavage.
"You want me to go over and fuck some stud?" Helen commented as she seated herself on the barstool again, wanting to perform the lewd act, but wanting to settle down for the evening.
"Lets wait till next weekend. You can have more cocks then. Maybe you can eat some cum from some rubbers the next time, cunt, like to watch a broad dump cum down their throat from a condom."
Helen left soon thereafter. When she reached her car, she opened her purse to retrieve her keys. She felt paper, then found her keys. When she was safely at home she finally opened the purse to see what the paper was. Neatly placed in her small purse were twenty, one hundred dollar bills! Two thousand dollars for being a whore for one Saturday night. She decided then and there that being this type of prostitute, or call girl was not so bad, especially for this amount of money, and sexual gratification one could find in an adult motel.
Chapter - III
"Could we go somewhere else for at least part of the evening?" Helen requested, Les on the other end of the line. They were making plans for the next Saturday evening.
"Well, okay. Seven in the lounge. Ill wear a new red leather outfit I picked up last Saturday, nice little outfit, you can make it sexy or fairly ladylike." Helen replied. She had wanted to have a slightly different atmosphere, but Les insisted that at least part of Friday would be at the Holidaze Motel.
She was at least gratified in knowing that this would be another weekend of sex. She quickly fingered herself into another climax as she relived the last weekend of sexual pleasure. She had even enjoyed the pleasure of another woman, having watched her fuck four males, then she and the other woman ate each other. Helen enjoyed the taste of the semen she ate out of the woman's oozing cunt.