All characters appearing or mentioned in this story are 18 years old or older. This story is a work of fiction and any reference or description to actual persons is unintentional.
####################################
If you are enjoying these stories, leave a comment about what you liked or didn't, or things you want to ready more of. I'll take advice into consideration when I'm working out the next parts of the LoP stories.
####################################
March 1999
It was a day after I got back from San Diego that I finally got a call from Ashley. I had left a message on her machine days ago saying I wanted to talk, but didn't hear from her until I got back to find a message on my machine.
"Hey Paul," the speaker said, "just got your message. I'll be over Tuesday to see you." Beeeeeep.
Huh, kinda cryptic but OK. Since it was Monday I had time, so I continued on my labeling and packing of things. I was certainly taking my time with it. I didn't have much in the way of stuff, but carefully packing it away made my time here stretch out just a little bit longer. I was sad to be moving away from the area I knew so well and called home. But, life moves on I suppose, and new adventures awaited me up north.
I spent the day packing and labeling and getting my uHaul truck arranged. Since I'd said my goodbyes to just about everyone, I set it for Saturday to pickup and depart Rancho Hills. I grabbed some tacos for dinner and turned in, noting that the place was very echo-y with all the posters and such off of the walls.
Tuesday comes and I am woken up by a knock on the door. Or rather, an insistent pounding. I rise, still in my boxers, to answer. It's Ashley.
"Hi," I said brightly, sort of. "I'm glad you...OOOOFFFF" I exclaimed as she punched me full on in the stomach. It caught me by surprise more than pain, but not expecting it still made me double over.
"You asshole!" Ashley yelled as she entered, slamming the door. Her platinum hair was straight and down, waving in the breeze created by the door closing. I backed up to sit on the coffee table, catching my breath.
"Umm, hi?" I say.
"Why didn't you tell me you were leaving!?"
"That's what I was going to tell you," I explained, "but I didn't want to just leave a message. I wanted to tell you in person."
"Then you should have said it was important!"
"I did."
"More important, then," she yelled. She was visibly upset, red splotches around her eyes said she was crying recently. I wanted to be consoling, but she just sucker punched me, so I was finding it hard.
"Tell me why you are upset," I said quietly.
"BECAUSE YOU'RE LEAVING, DUH!" she screamed.
"And I told you I was. A while ago."
"But now that you are it's...it's just that...GRRRRRR...why can't I talk straight?" She started pacing around the living room, her hands on her hips. She was wearing a short sleeved, dark blue maxi dress so she flowed when she walked. I would have commented on how nice she looked had my stomach not reminded me that I was still a bit mad.
I let her walk around for a bit, letting her try to find the words that eluded her. After a few minutes, I offered my own.
"I'm a little sad too to be leaving," I said.
Ashely stopped and turned to look at me. "It's more than that," she said in a more normal tone.
"Go on."
"The last year has been amazing for me," she began. "Since we started hooking up, it's lead to a lot of great times and a lot of learning about myself that I don't think I'd have found out otherwise. You were, you are, a very big influence on my life."
"And now I'm leaving," I said, the pieces falling into place.
"And now you're leaving," Ashley confirmed. "First Amber, who I really cared about, and now you, who I also really care about."
We didn't say anything for a bit. It was hard to say goodbye to someone you cared about. Neither of us knew how to do it since we only said goodbye to Amber, and we had each other for comfort if needed. Not a huge pool of experience to draw on.
I slowly got up, approached Ashley, and wrapper my arms around her. She didn't cry, but she did put her head on my chest and wrap her arms around me. I felt her warm breath on my chest as she breathed heavily, trying to regain control over her emotions. I let her be for as long as she needed.
After several minutes, she broke our hug. Wiping her face, we sat down on the couch.
"So," she said, in more or less her normal tone, "according to Leila and Tiffany, you are certainly hitting the rounds for saying goodbye to the women of Rancho Hills."
Her demeanor was more playful, so I encouraged that, lest I get punched again.
"Just saying farewell to a few close friends," I said.
"Oh, please," Ashley scoffed. "According to Leila it was the best sex she and you'd had to date. And if half of what Tiffany told me was true, you are rapidly approaching legendary status."
True, the last few days have been more exciting than most. Way more exciting in fact. I didn't exactly plan out all that had happened, but I did go with the flow, which brought me to some very interesting places.
"So," she said, turning to face me, "what sort of goodbye do you have planned for me?"
Thinking about what Lauren had asked me a while ago, I proposed it to Ashley. And while she didn't exactly say no, she did take her sweet time thinking about it.
"So, just to be clear," Ashley said, "Lauren wants to watch you fuck someone. And you thought of me?"
"Yes."
She smiled at the thought, mostly because we'd done that once before. "I'm flattered you think so much of my performance skills."
"It's not your performance, otherwise you'd have gotten that part in the play."
Ashley's mouth hung open at my jibe. "If you're trying to convince me, this is a shit way to go about it."
"Not at all," I said. "I don't want you to perform, or act, or anything like that. You are incredibly hot when you are being your normal, passionate self. The thing we did for Amber was as hot as it was because you were having fun and because you were being you."
She leaned back on the couch after my explanation, seemingly placated with my generous amount of flattery.
"So yes," I continued, "I thought of you when someone asked me if they could watch. Because I want to thoroughly fill Laurens fantasy. And you, my dear, are in no short supply of sexy."
Ashley, trying to look mad, leaned over and kissed me. She kissed me again before answering.
"Ok," she said finally, "I think I'd like to help fill Laurens fantasy."
"Awesome," I said.
"However," she said, grabbing onto my increasingly full member, "*this* is going to please me any way I want. You are going to show me the fuck of my life, and I don't care who's watching, you will be focused on me and me alone unless I say otherwise. You, for all intents and purposes, will exist solely for my pleasure. Got it?"
Smiling my best smile, I said "Yes, ma'am."
She leaned in and kissed me again. Then she moved on to kissing my neck, then down my bare chest. Finally, she worked her way down my stomach and extracted my now fully erect cock through the flap in my boxers.
Still kissing my stomach, she started to stroke my long shaft slowly up and down. After a few strokes, she moved her mouth down and took the head of my cock into her mouth, sucking hard on it.
"Holy fuck, thats nice," I hissed.
Taking more of my cock into her mouth, her hand moved down to fondling my balls, tenderly squeezing them she she went lower and lower on my cock. After a few bobs, she rose her head up and slowly swallowed my entire cock down to the base. Her tongue played on the base of my cock as she deep throated me, which felt amazing. I moaned as she rose up and swallowed my cock all the way again. She repeated the deep throating for a few minutes.
As she was tending to my cock, my hands were busy playing with her ass. Pulling up her dress and kneading her ass cheeks with my free hand before eventually starting to stroke her vulva. I felt more than heard her moans as my cock was still balls deep down her throat.
After a few minutes of our playing, she suddenly leapt off of my cock and sat up, wiping her mouth.
"That was fun," she said, "but I gotta go."
She got up and went to the door, leaving me sitting on the couch with a raging erection poking through my boxers. Turning around before she opened the door, Ashley had a smirk on her face. No doubt from the expression on mine at the state she was leaving me in.
"Go ahead and tell Lauren I'd be down for it. Thursday night works best for me. And, don't worry," she said blowing a kiss at me, "I won't leave you hanging for long. So don't go blowing your load in some other tramp before I get mine. I want all that cum you've got saved up. And since you blast as much as you're turned on, this should help provide a good show. You know, for Laurens sake."
Smiling wide, she turned and left. That beautiful, awesome, teasing bitch.
Jumping up, I called Lauren and told her it was on. She was excited to say the least, and confirmed Thursday would work. In the mean time, if it was a show that Ashley wanted to put on, a show we would most certainly do.
I spent the rest of the day packing and trying not to think about Ashley and her amazing mouth.
#
Wednesday morning saw me waking up to another knocking at the door. This time, Leila was the one who was disturbing me.
"What's up," I said sleepily. She was in her scrubs, and her wild, curly brown hair was tied back so he was likely on her way to work.
"Needed help with something before I was off to work," she said. She entered my apartment, pushed me back and slammed the door. Quicker than you can say 'drive by fucking' she was on her knees with my cock in her mouth.
"Holy fuck!" I exclaimed as she took me in to her mouth and down her throat with ease. Her hot, wet mouth was amazing to feel, as was her tight throat and supple lips. And since Ashley left me hanging yesterday, my long, thick cock was at full mast in only a few moments.
Upon no doubt feeling this, Leila stood up, turned around, and pulled down her scrubs pants and underwear. She stuck her firm, round ass out and put her hands on the door.
"Fuck me," she said with an authority that broke no argument. "Right now."
Who was I to say no? I spread her cheeks slightly as I ran the head of my cock up her already moistened sex. With a firm push I slid easily into Leila all the way until I was completely buried in her amazing pussy.
"Fuck, you're wet," I said.
"Fuck me," she repeated. "Hard and fast. I only have a few minutes."
I did as she commanded. I pulled out and thrust back into her as hard as I could, slapping her ass cheeks against my hips.
"Ohhhh, yesssss," she hissed as I started in at a quick pace. After a minute or two, I picked up the pace even more when I could feel her fingers rubbing her clit. I didn't really think any thoughts, other than that I needed to fuck Leila hard and fast. I reached around to play with her DD-cup tits through her shirt, her sports bra doing a heroic job of keeping her tits in place.
I felt her pussy start to put pressure on me after a few more moments and she bent over further, holding her breath. I kept fucking her as fast as I could until I felt her pussy clamp down hard and long.
"OOOOOOHHHH FFFFFUUUUUUUUUUUCK!" she screamed, pitching her head back. I felt her orgasm take hold and paused in my assault (pun intended), waiting for her to recover as she leaned forward against the door.
After a moment, she stood up straight, pulled off of my rock hard, throbbing cock, and pulled up her scrub pants.
Still breathing heavily, her face very flush, she said "Wow. That was awesome."
Turning to face me, she said "Oh, and just so you know, I spoke to Ashley yesterday, and she invited me over tomorrow night. I knew you wouldn't mind."
My brain still deprived of blood, it was difficult to form any thoughts more complex than 'huh?'.
Seeing my expression, Leila smiled. "Ashely also told me she wanted you primed for tomorrow, so I thought I'd help the process and get you good and horny. I want you to absolutely destroy her pussy tomorrow, and I want to see her drown in your cum." She kissed me quickly but firmly before opening the door.
"So don't go jerking off or anything," she said, exiting my apartment, "we're all expecting a nice show."
She closed the door after giving me a departing wink. Leaving me with my boxers around my ankles, and a throbbing hard-on that was not promising to go away any time soon.
If I could have time-jumped to tomorrow night I would have. As it was, I stepped out of my boxers and went to start perhaps the coldest shower I've ever taken.
#
Thursday finally dawned, and with it the most annoying case of blue balls I ever had. Those commercials for that new drug, Viagra, warned to see a doctor if a boner lasted more than 4 hours; I wonder what they'd say about 40 hours?
Still, I tucked everything into my pants and tried to go about my day. I re-arranged some furniture in the apartment so that I could provide the best viewing experience to our, now, two guests that evening. I also cleaned up a few things and stashed most of my moving boxes in the 2nd bedroom.
The place, sadly, was looking a lot like it did before Amber took me on that epic birthday home decorating trip for my 18th birthday. The walls were more barren, the knick-knacks packed away, and the kitchen was devoid of most of my food. The only thing that really remained was the furniture.
Around noon I was thinking about lunch when another knock came to my door. I wished and hoped that it wasn't Ashley or Lauren or Leila coming to tease me again. Turned out, I got my wish as it was Rena who was knocking, knocking on my chamber door. Her long blonde hair was in a pony tail and her wide, full lips were in a pouting kind of expression.
"Hey," she said, coming in when I opened the door. "I need your help."
"What's up?" I asked as I closed the door. Turning around, she quickly encircled me in her arms and smashed her mouth against mine. After a second I started kissing her back, trying to match her passion and, what at least felt like, her need.
I had a need of my own that was starting to take over.
Breaking our kiss for air, she told me what she needed.
"So, I was playing with my pussy this morning..."
"This is off to a good start," I commented.
"...and I was thinking about your magic cock and the oh-so-fun things you do with your tongue. And the more I thought about it the more I needed that instead of my vibrator. If I had balls, I'd be having the biggest case of blue balls you'd ever seen."
"You got blue balls? Lady, I've had nothing but..." was all I could get out before Rena kissed me again.
She kissed me, our tongues playing with each other, while walking backwards, leading me towards the arm chair. "I need your help very, very badly," she said.
Rena pulled down the jean shorts she was wearing, showing me the bottom of the black, scoop necked, short sleeve body suit she was wearing. Sitting down heavily, she pulled at the snap at the crotch, quickly revealing her beautifully smooth, bare pink pussy.
"I need you to eat me out. Whip me with your tongue, and fuck me with your fingers. And I need it now."
Oh, woe is me.
Here is yet another beautiful woman, gagging for me to have sex with them. It was starting to become a real bother.
But, like any gentleman, I never deny a lady in need. And so, with gusto, I dove into Rena's pussy tongue first, licking and sucking on her clit with all the pressure I thought she could handle.
"Oooooohhhh, fuuuuuuck yeeeeeessssss," she moaned. "That is what I was needing."
Rena moaning happily, smiling down at my efforts. She grabbed her knees and pulled them up towards her chest, giving me more access to her silken folds. I started in with my fingers, probing her soaking wet pussy. I massaged and stroked while I flicked my tongue over her clit, nibbling and sucking on it while I worked my way further into her.
After a minute, I had my fingers on her g-spot and my tongue on her clit. Now, the fun could begin.
I simultaneously put pressure on her g-spot and clit, working in strokes since she said she wanted to be finger fucked. I used my other hand to stroke her labia and play with her nipples every so often.
"Oh fuck oh fuck oh fuck..." Rena panted after only a few minutes of my ministrations. "Keep doing that. Oh, don't you dare stop. You are licking me soooo good. Yes, please, yes, yes, ooooooohhhhhhhhhh. FUCK!" she screamed loudly. Her whole body shuddered as her orgasm hit her, and my mouth and hand became a lot more wet when she squirted at the pleasure. I didn't feel as much pressure from her pussy as I was expecting, but it's really not about what I feel, it's if its good for her.
Backing off, I withdrew my fingers from Renas pussy and sat back on the ground. "So," I asked, "would you say I helped you?"
Still breathing hard, Rena let her knees go, her feet flopping back to the ground. She was slouched in the chair, legs spread open in a thoroughly unladylike and lovely display. She lightly stroked herself with her hand, smiling at the aftershocks and sighing in contentment.
"That was great," she said dreamily. After another minute, she sat up, kneeled down in front of me and kissed me fiercely. As we were kissing, my hands started roving over her body suit clad upper body, moving slowly down to her firm ass. Giving it a squeeze elicited another happy sigh from her mouth.
"That's nice," she said breaking our kiss, "but I'm afraid I have to get going."
"I knew you were going to say that," I said a little more deadpan than I intended. Accepting my fate, I laid down on the floor, either waiting for my greatly engorged cock to explode or for the world to end. Which ever came first.
Standing up, re-buttoning her body suit and donning her shorts, Rena straddled me on the floor. Her crotch rubbed nicely on mine, and her eyebrows went up in surprise at what she felt. "My god, you are hard up aren't you? I don't think I've felt you that hard, like, ever."
"I've been teased the last few days. Ashley has some plans and wants me 'primed' for tonight, as she put it."
Rena kissed me again. "Well," she said quietly, smiling down on me, "if Ashley doesn't drain that cock sufficiently," she ground her crotch on mine, "you call me, and I'll let you fuck me until your balls fall off."
With a departing kiss, Rena stood up, went to the door, and left my apartment. I laid there for a while, willing the universe to speed time up. It was not happening, so I got up and decided some tacos would be a good second option.
#
8pm on Thursday evening finally, FINALLY, came around. I had spent the rest of the afternoon getting things setup and making myself presentable.
I had moved the bed to the living room, moving aside the coffee table and chair so it was basically just the bed and the couch in the living room. That will give Ashley and I plenty of comfort and allow our visitors to have a good view. I even cleaned up, spread candles around, and put fresh sheets on the bed for that extra touch.
I checked everything over again and sat down to wait. It wasn't long before a gentle knock came from my door.
"Hi Lauren," I said, inviting her in. She had her long brown hair back in a braid that ran down and over her shoulder. Her outfit was a simple blue wrap around dress with small white polka dots on it, short sleeved and going down to just above her knees, ending in white slip on shoes. Her makeup was simple but striking, with bright red lips and lightly shadowed eyes.
"You look great," I told her.
"Thanks," she said, "and you look awesome. I didn't know you owned such a nice suit. It's quite flattering on you."
Since this was a special occasion, I pulled out my Italian suit. And yes, it was quite flattering on me. It had better be, considering what I paid for it.
Lauren came in and sat down on the couch, looking around. "Well," she said, eyeing the bed in the middle of the room, "this looks more sacrificial alter rather than voyeuristic. But either way, it looks like it will be interesting to watch." She had a smirk on her face that I had grown to enjoy. It promised a lot of fun things in the near future.
Another few minutes passed and another knock at the door sounded. It was Ashley, dressed in a t-shirt and jeans, carrying a large bag.
"Hey," she said, giving me a quick kiss. Noticing the furniture, she cocked an eyebrow at me. "Are we sacrificing a virgin or something?"
"You, my dear, are no virgin," I jibbed. She laughed and said hello to Lauren.
"Thanks for, you know, letting me indulge myself," Lauren said.
Ashley sat beside Lauren, putting a hand on hers. "Hey, it's a lot of fun to be watched. And, honestly, it's not the first time, so I hope you enjoy the show."
"You've done this before? Do tell," said Lauren, suddenly interested.
"How about we wait for that story for a bit," I suggested. "You know, so we have something to tease you with during."
Lauren, smiling wide, said "I like that idea. You know me so well."
Ashley stood up and grabbed her bag. "I need to change. You aren't the only one who has an outfit in mind for this evening," she said. "But I really do like the look. It's very dashing. Hopefully it will go with what I picked out."
Ashley departed to the bathroom, closing, and locking, the door. Weird, but I guessed she wanted everything to be a surprise.
Lauren and I talked for a few minutes before Leila, without knocking, just opened the door and strode in. She was in her hospital scrubs still, her wildly curly hair pulled back into a pony-fro, having just gotten off of work it seems. She noticed the furniture and, instead of making a comment, just smiled and sat next to Lauren.
"Hi, I'm Leila," she said, introducing herself. Lauren and Leila spoke for a few minutes, getting to know one another and swapping how they both knew me. Lauren, ever the curious one, was interested to hear that Leila came over yesterday for a drive-by fucking, to which Leila was happy to share details of.
I could visibly see Lauren starting to get excited at Leilas retelling. Her D-cup breasts were positively heaving at the story, and her nipples were quite visible through the fabric of her dress. Her ruby-red lips were slightly parted, a hint of a smile on them as she listened to how Leila had me fuck her and then departed.
A few minutes later, I heard the bathroom door open and Ashley call out. "I take it that everyone is here," she asked.
"Yes, we're all here," Leila called.
"Good. Paul, are you ready," asked Ashley.
I moved to turn out the kitchen lights and left the lamps on to set more of a mood. "Ready and waiting," I called.
I heard the bathroom door open and the light turn off. Ashley then strolled into the living room, dressed in what could easily have killed a lesser man on the spot.
She was wearing bright red open toed heels, which I noticed first because I've never seen her in heels before. Moving upwards, she had on what looked like a series of shiny red leather straps around her upper thighs, under her crotch and around her hips, connecting to a strap at her waist, which in turn connected to a sort of bra of the straps that encircled her breasts and went upwards over her shoulders. She also had a chocker made with the same shiny red leather straps. Her firm B-cup breasts and bare pink pussy were on bold and glorious display, which Ashley appeared to be not at all shy about.
Her platinum hair was tightly held back on her head in a pony tail, and her makeup was completed with dark red lipstick and light eye makeup. In total, she looked both alluring and dominating and it made my pants strain painfully for how much I wanted her.
She walked towards the bed, getting cat calls and wolf whistles from the ladies on the couch. Ashley, though, ignored them and stared directly at me. She didn't take her eyes off of me as she approached. She said nothing as she leaned up and crushed her mouth onto mine, our tongues wrestling for dominance over the other.
I felt her guide me over a bit to the space between the bed and the couch. My back was to the bed and her back was to the couch, as well as its occupants. I heard more compliments from the couch but I was too busy losing a tongue battle with Ashley to listen.
I felt her hands move down to the front of my pants, grabbing onto my belt and aggressively pulling it off, tossing it behind her. She then undid my pants and let them fall to the floor, releasing my long, thick, and fully erect cock. I decided to go commando to make things easier (one less thing to take off) and Ashley smiled at the gesture.
Still smiling, Ashley sank slowly down to her knees, dragging her hands down my shoulders and chest. Once her face was at cock level, she ran her tongue along the underside of my cock, flicking the head a bit as she reached it. Grabbing the base of my shaft in one hand, she opened her mouth wide and sank half way down on my cock in one go.
"Fuuuuuuuuuuuck," I moaned loudly. She continued to slowly suck me, squeezing the base with her hand as her lips and tongue worked their magic on my incredibly engorged and very sensitive member.
She took the head into her hot, wet mouth repeatedly, teasing me. After a few minutes, she decided enough was enough and slowly, tortuously slowly, took my length down her throat in one agonizingly pleasurable motion.
"Wow," I heard Laurent comment from the couch, "that is impressive."
"I know, right," chimed in Leila. "I've only been able to fit that monster down my throat a couple of times. She's sucking it like a pro!"
I heard them speaking, but my eyes were only on Ashley as she pulled up slightly and took me back down easily. She stared up at me as she did so, a smile in her eyes as she throated my cock in front of the others.
The pure sexiness of her outfit, her eyes on me, not to mention the incredible blowjob she was giving me, was all getting to be too much for me to hand.
"Fuck, Ashely, that feels amazing, but it's gonna make me cum soon," I told her.
In response, she pulled slowly up off of my cock and then quickly pushed her head back down.
"Oh, FUCK!" I called out.
Her pace was more hurried, seemingly wanting me to cum as soon as possible. I knew she wanted to provide a good show, but making me blast this soon would be a bummer.
"Fuck, I'm gonna cum. Ashley! FUCK!"
She pulled completely off of my cock then and continued stroking my shaft.
"Cum for me right fucking now," she demanded as she twisted me around 90 degrees to give the ladies a profile view. Ashley continued to stroked me quickly. "I want you to fucking drown me in your cum. Cover my face, my tits, everything. And when you're done Lauren and Leila are going to lick it all off of me."
That was it. The final straw. That, and the fact that Ashley opened her mouth wide, sticking her tongue out, waiting for me to deliver on her demand.
"OH FUCK YES!" I bellowed.
The pleasure was nearly blinding as I felt the first shot. I saw through my squinted eyes that it went right into her mouth, coating her tongue. The next shots covered her face before she aimed the rest at her body. I came for days onto her tits, neck, her shoulders, even a few more that reached up into her platinum hair. The whole time she had her tongue out, flicking the head between shots, steadily jacking me for more and more cum.
By the time I was spent Ashley had considerably slowed her jacking action. My still semi-rigid member was pulsing with the after shocks when Ashley took me back into her mouth, gently licking and sucking on my sensitive head.
"Ohhhhhhh fuuuuuck me thats amazing," I moaned down at Ashley. She spent a minute or two cleaning me off before pulling off and standing to face me.
She was an absolute and utter mess. I had quite the build up over the last few days of incessant teasing, but I didn't realize how much until I saw her. Her face was totally covered in ropes of my thick white cum, slowly running down her smiling face. Her body looked like someone had melted a white candle over it for hours; her breasts were streaked with cum, running down her firm flat tummy, and streaming down to her crotch. Her pussy was similarly glistening with cum, as well as her legs which saw a few lines running over the red straps she was adorned with.
Looking down at her self, she had a rather proud looking grin on her face.
"You know," she said, "when Amber watched us, that was the biggest load you'd ever given me. Or rather, given me and Amber. This one, I'd have to say, is by far way larger."
She ran her fingers and hands through the streaks of cum, turning to show the couch occupants a full frontal view as she rubbed it into her body like a debauched lotion. She moved over her breasts, pinching her nipples with her cum covered fingers, before moving down to feel her pussy, rubbing her labia and dipping her fingers into her sex.
"Mmmmm," she sighed happily, "now it's my turn for a clean up."
Stepping towards the couch, I was treated to seeing Ashley's firm, perky ass. It was inviting for sure, but I'd needed a bit more time to recover for such an intense orgasm. I sat back on the bed to rest a bit while Ashley did her next act.
"You two," Ashley said, addressing our guests in a rather commanding voice. "You wanted a show, but this is an audience participation show. Lauren, I want you lick the cum off of me, starting at my hot, wet, messy pussy, working your way up."
Ashley sat down on the bed next to me, opening her legs to allow Lauren access to her sex.
"Leila, you start licking from the top and work your way down. Both of you should meet at my tits, but I understand if it takes a bit; Paul shot a gallon of cum onto me so take whatever time you need to clean me up properly."
The two ladies looked at each other, gave each other a shoulder shrug of acceptance, and the stood to do their tasks.
"Oh," Ashley said as she sat up on her elbows, "and both of you strip. If I'm going to be licked clean of cum by two hot women, I want see all of them while they do it."
Another shared look, some sly smiles, and then they both started disrobing. As they took off articles of clothing, my excitement started to get the better of me and some life started returning to my deflated member. Ashley, not missing this, stretched out luxuriously, reached over and started to jack me, giving my cock a gentle squeeze as the other ladies took off their clothes.
To give the girls some room to maneuver, I moved over to the couch to watch. The show was the most exciting thing I had witnessed to date. And that was after a weekend of fucking porn stars and strippers. The sight of three women licking, touching, rubbing, and kissing each other was exciting and fascinating.
Lauren, dutifully, sank down to her knees and started gently licking Ashleys pussy, swallowing any drops of cum she sucked up. She worked at her pussy for a while, making sure it was clean, certainly, but also wanting to taste her more thoroughly. Ashley has a wonderful tasting pussy, especially when she was excited, so I could understand Laurens intent interest.
Leila, with her long, talented tongue, started licking Ashley clean from the top as directed. She went over her cheeks, around her lips, over and under her chin, sucking up every drop. She swallowed much of it as she licked, but every so often she would share it with Ashley with a kiss, their tongues trying to dominate each other from the how hard their throats were working. Leila started going over her shoulder and collar bone, sucking up the cum with gusto and swallowing audibly.
After a few minutes, I saw Lauren start to move away from Ashleys pussy and up her stomach. She similarly sucked up the puddles of cum and swallowed with a satisfied sigh. Ashley, seeing that this most awesome of sights had gotten me back to full hardness, smiled devilishly.
"This is feeling amazing you guys," she told the women licking her entire body. They stopped to look at her. "I didn't say stop," she chided, and Lauren and Leila went back to their cleanup.
"So amazing, in fact, that I think you deserve to share in the fun. Paul," she said, crooking a finger at me. I stood up, my erect member waving from side to side as I did.
"I want you to fuck these ladies right now," she said. "But fuck them from behind; I want to see their tits and faces as you make them scream."
"Any preference on who goes first?"
Ashley looked appraisingly at the two women licking her. "Lauren," she said, "Leila recently had the pleasure of your cock, so she can go second."
Lauren, still on her knees, didn't look behind her when I moved closer to knead her ass. She concentrated on her clean up duties, running her cum covered tongue over Ashleys stomach and pussy with dedication.
Spreading Laurens ass cheeks, I ran the head of my cock along her entrance, slicking it up. She was already very wet, but I wanted to make sure I didn't hurt her. I pushed in easily, burying the head and a few inches of cock into her.
"Mmmmmm, offff foook," I heard Lauren mumble as she licked Ashley.
I pulled out and pushed in a few more times, and in a few strokes I was buried in Laurens pussy completely.
"Damn, she feels good. Tight and wet," I commented to Ashley.
"Good," she said pushing Laurens head back between her legs, "now fuck her. I want her to scream into my pussy."
As commanded to do, I pulled out nearly all the way and slammed back into Lauren hard.
"Mmmmmfffffmmf," I heard Lauren say into Ashleys crotch. I started fucking Laurens ass at a quick pace, her ass and my hips making a slapping sound as I fucked her. After only a few minutes I could start to feel her orgasm build; her pussy got steadily tighter and I could feel her fingers rubbing her clit furiously. I picked up my pace even more, trying to bring on her orgasm as fast as possible.
Ashley, looking down on Lauren eating her out, pressed on the back of her head hard. Leila, taking a break from sucking on Ashleys breasts, watched with intense interest whule I fucked Lauren hard as Ashley nearly suffocated her with her pussy.
"mmmf, mmmf, mmmf, mmmffff, MMMMMMMMMMMMMMFFFFFF," I heard Lauren scream, muffled by her face buried in Ashleys wet, silken folds. I felt her pussy contract in a long, hard squeeze. It was awesome to feel her orgasm as it hit her, making her shudder slightly as she rode through it. To her credit, she never took her mouth off of Ashley, thanks in no small part to Ashleys death grip on her head.
"That looked and felt amazing," Ashley said, panting. She scooted further onto the bed, keeping her legs spread. "Lauren, you did a great job on my pussy, but I still need you to clean the cum off of my body. And Leila, please get on your knees next to me; that will give me a great view of those amazing tits as Paul rails you."
Leila moved onto the bed as commanded, as did Lauren, who moved between Ashleys legs, continuing her upwards journey of licking Ashley clean.
Getting to my position, Leila had her round, firm ass bent over and waiting for me. I could see she was ready; her pussy glistening with how wet she was.
I moved up behind her and, with the help of Laurens lubrication and Leilas excitedment, pushed into her and sank my long cock up to my balls in one smooth stroke.
"Oh FUCK ME!" she screamed.
"That's precisely what Ashley wants me to do," I said. Without further preamble, I pulled back and slammed into Leilas ass with as much force and speed as I did Lauren. I grabbed onto her hips for purchase and thrust my cock as deep into her as I could with each stroke. She remained on her hands and knees, letting Ashely get a perfect view of Leilas DD tits swinging back and forth as I plowed into her from behind.
Leila moaned loudly as I worked into her. Ashley, however, had more constructive things to say.
"Fuck you look amazing when you're getting fucked," she said. "You were hot when I watched you and Paul fuck in the backseat of his car, but this is even hotter."
I heard Lauren moan as she continued to lick Ashley; I had vantage enough to see that Lauren started playing with her pussy as Ashley spoke.
"It was so hot, watching him fuck you," Ashley continued as she stroked Laurens hair, "watching you ride that monster cock. And then, when he came, you took it all in your mouth like a beautiful, filthy slut. It was hot to see, and now it's even hotter to be right next to you when he's tearing that pretty pussy open."
Leila, who fell silent for a bit, was about to cum, and cum hard. She got quiet when she was close, and she hadn't said a word in a while now.
"Oh, oh, OHHHHHH FUUUUUUUUUCK PAAAUUUUUUULLLL," she screamed loudly. Her pussy clamped down on me even harder than Laurens, hard enough so that I had to stop fucking her to let her ride out her orgasm. She pulled off of me suddenly, collapsing onto her side, her legs shaking from the shock of such a hard cum.
"Oh fuck, fuck, fuck," Leila breathed as she let her orgasm ride through her. Her legs still shook as the after shocks hit.
Ashley, pulling Laurens face to hers, started making out with her fiercely.
"Did you like me talking about Paul fucking Leila?" she asked Lauren.
Lauren, still rubbing her pussy, whined as she answered "Yes".
"Do you want to hear more of how Paul fucked her, and fucked me, and how we both fucked Amber? About how good Paul made us feel? How loud we screamed and how hard we came on his massive cock?"
"Yes, fuck, please tell me," Lauren begged. Ashely moved to her ear and started whispering into it. I could see that Lauren, still rubbing, moved to dipping her fingers deep into her pussy, using her palm to put pressure on her clit. After a few moments, I heard Lauren cum again.
"Oh, fuck, fuck, YEEEEEEEEEES, OOOOOHHHHHHHH" she yelled into the bed. She stopped rubbing and used both her hands to brace herself, eventually collapsing on the other side of Ashley, breathing heavily with a contented smile on her face.
Ashley, smug with the results of what had to be the most debauched dirty talk ever, rolled over and got on her knees, spinning around to face me again.
"Ok," she said, "on with the show. Come here, Paul, and let's give these ladies something they'll masturbate to for years to come. Pun intended."
I moved onto the bed, letting Ashley lay me down on my back. Lauren and Leila, still sweaty but breathing more normally, got up and retreated back to the couch. Ashley, on her knees still, maneuvered around me, rubbing her hands over my chest and arms. She leaned down slowly and kissed me.
It was warm and sensual and I didn't want it to stop. Breaking our kiss, Ashley straddled my still erect member, rubbing her sex up and down my shaft.
"Mmmmmmm," she purred as she stroke my cock with her pussy. "This nice, hard cock feels sooooo good on me." She looked at the ladies on the couch as she straddled me. "I wonder which of our pussies Paul's cum the most in.
"I mean, he cums gallons, but I'm curious which of our hot, wet pussies has been flooded the most by this cock."
She started adding pressure to her stroking of my cock. The red leather straps that ran around her thighs and crotch were starting to rub uncomfortably, but I tried to ignore it. Ashley was in a rare, utterly filthy form and I wanted to give her my full attention.
Looking towards the couch, I could see Lauren, flush and breathing heavily still, gently stroking her pussy with one hand, and equally gently stroking Leilas pussy with the other. Leila, for her part, looked perfectly content with her legs spread open, letting Lauren rub her smooth, dark pink pussy.
Turning back to Ashley, she had a look of lust in her eyes and face. Her ruby lips were parted, her tongue going over her teeth. Her stroking grew more intense before, finally, she raised herself up, angled my cock upwards, and sank down all the way to the hilt in one motion.
"Fuck me," I exclaimed at the sensation. Ashley always felt tight and hot, but today was especially so. She lifted up her knees in order to squat over me, situating herself so that I had a magnificent view of her whole body as she sat impaled on my long, thick, hard pole.
"Fuck," she breathed, "your cock always stretches me so fucking good. Just as good as the first time."
She slowly rose up on my cock, going all the way to the tip before slowly sinking back down. I was amazed at the leg power she displayed; that kind of motion in that position was seriously hard on the legs. However, if she was straining, she didn't show it.
Looking back to the couch, she eyed Lauren as she slowly bounced on my cock. "Did I ever tell you about the first time Paul fucked me?"
Smiling widely, she looked down at me while she told the story. "I was curious about what I'd heard about Paul, and wanted to confirm it for myself. I didn't have great boyfriends, so I took a chance that Paul could give me one of those mind shattering orgasms that Amber was talking about."
Her riding of me increased slightly. She was at a steady but still sedate pace, and it felt fucking amazing. Her pussy was tight and wet, gripping my girth in every conceivably pleasurable way. I moaned at the feeling.
"I see Paul remembers that day too," she said, smirking. "So we ducked into the theater department and fucked on the bed for the Charlie and the Chocolate Factory play they were doing."
"You bitch," Lauren piped up, "I had to sit on the bed for hours for the play. And I was sitting in your pussy juice and cum?"
"Yea," confirmed Ashley, "quite a bit of it actually."
"That's fine," Lauren said easily, "because Sarah and I were sitting in there in the background so long we got bored and decided to finger each other during rehearsals and once during a performance."
This caused an involuntary thrust upward from me. The thought of Lauren and Sarah playing with each other in front of an audience, even if under the sheets, was a tantalizing image.
"Oh, I think Paul liked that bit of info," Ashley said brightly. She increased her riding pace again, sliding fully down on my cock with each bounce in time with what felt like my heart beat.
"He had me play with myself," Ashley continued, "so he could see what I liked. And then he went down on me, licking my hot little cunt until I came all over his face."
I recalled that encounter. It was fucking hot and it was getting me closer as Ashely rode me.
"And then, he shoved that monster in my mouth. Fuck it was the biggest thing I'd ever put in there. It felt like my jaw was going to fall off."
My orgasm was slowly building, both from Ashley riding me steadily and from her retelling of our first encounter.
"And after I blew him, I straddled this cock and rode him, just like this." She now increased her pace to a fast bounce, smiling down at my expression. I could only imagine what my face looked like, with the tortured pleasure of letting her ride me and the need to cum getting more and more urgent.
"And when he was ready, he blew his load all inside my nice, tight, hot little cunt," she said. "Just like he's going to do now."
She increased her speed again and put her hands on my chest. The look on her face was erotic beyond description. "Cum for me," she ordered, "fill me up and let me feel you explode inside me."
"Oh, FUCK!" I bellowed. I thrust up into Ashley a few times before the dam broke. She sank down fully onto my cock, using her body weight to get my cock as deep inside her as possible. I thrust up into her a few more times as my spasms hit like a freight train, pumping her pussy full of cum.
As I finished, Ashley leaned down and kissed me hard and passionately. "That was incredible," she said. "But do you remember what happened next?"
Thinking back, I did recall what we did next. Ashley explained this to the ladies on the couch. "Paul said that we were having passionate sex that day. Little did I know, what I wanted to be was fucked, and fucked well. And, thankfully, Paul was up to the task."
Ashley pulled off of me, letting a thick river of cum escape from her pussy and run down her leg. "Since this cock has given all of us so much this evening, I think it deserves a little assistance."
Ashley, pussy leaking cum down her leg, turned her ass towards the viewing ladies, and took my rapidly deflating member into her mouth. Her tongue, playful and skilled, licked and circled just the right spots under the head and down the shaft. She squeezed the base with one hand and my balls with the other, encouraging my member to stay hard. It was working.
After a few minutes of Ashleys incredible blowjob, my cock was back to nearly full hardness and ready to fuck again. Spinning back around to face the ladies, Ashley finished her story.
"So after we had passionate sex, Paul showed me what it was to be fucked. I didn't see the difference at the time, but he showed me just how wrong I was."
I sat up and kneeled behind Ashley, who was on all fours now, facing the couch and our viewers. My newly restored erection slid easily into Ashleys already soaking wet, cum filled pussy.
"Fuuuuuck," she moaned at length. "Even though I'm drenched, that beast still stretches me to the limit. Fuck!"
Not wanting to waste any time, I started fucking Ashley doggy style at a fast pace. Grabbing her hips, I showed her no mercy as I slammed my hips quickly against her perky round ass. Her firm, B-cup breasts bounced lightly from my efforts, giving the ladies a show.
"Oh yea," Ashley said breathily, "this is how he fucked me. Slamming his cock into me. Grabbing my hips and fucking me like a whore. Shit! It's like being fucked by a telephone pole. He's so fucking rock hard and tearing me open.
"Fuck, yes, so good, it's so fucking hot that he rails me so good. God damn, fuck!" she moaned loudly towards the ceiling.
She was reduced to moans from then on as I quickly and powerfully fucked her from behind. I didn't stop when I felt her cum, instead riding her ass through it without slowing.
After an unknown amount of time, the sight of Ashleys ass as I pounded her, the sight of Lauren and Leila finger fucking each other and pinching each others nipples, and my own need made my orgasm rise quickly. I was able to fuck Ashley through one more orgasm before I finally could not take anymore.
"Fuck, Ash, yes!" I roared as I felt my orgasm nearly break. Instead of cumming in or on Ashley, I withdrew quickly from her, hopped off the bed and stood in front of the couch.
I started jerking my cock into Leilas face, using my other hand to push Laurens right next to hers. After only a half dozen strokes, the first powerful ropes shot out and hit them both where their cheeks met. The next shots landed on their outstretched tongues, partially covering their noses. The remaining spasms shot the rest of my cum onto their large, firm tits, giving them a decent glazing.
After finishing, I roughly shoved my deflating cock into Leilas mouth, which she accepted gratefully. I pushed into her mouth and down her throat a few times, letting her clean me off. Lauren, not wanting to miss out, also licked and helped with the cleanup, licking the shaft that didn't disappear down Leila's throat. I withdrew from Leila and let Lauren swallow my cock for a moment before turning around and shoving my cock into Ashleys mouth.
Ashley let me throat fuck her for a moment until I was complete spent, withdrawing my limp sausage from her mouth.
"Fucking amazing," Ashley breathed, rolling over onto her back. Feeling completely drained, I collapsed on my back next to Ashley on the bed.
#
I woke up a few hours later to the sensation of warmth and a pleasant wetness in my nether regions. I thought it was a dream perhaps, since I didn't recall waking up.
However, looking down towards the source of my good vibes confirmed that I was, in fact, not dreaming.
Lauren, who I could only see the top of her head, was slowly deep throating my newly restored erection. Leila and Ashley, flanking her, were fondling Lauren as she blew me; kneading her ass, stroking her legs, and holding her hair back so I could get a clear view of Laurens lips obscenely stretched around my thick pole.
"Look who decided to join us," Leila jibbed. Ashley smirked and Lauren looked up at me, her eyes straining but her mouth, despite being full of my dick, smiled also.
"Who could resist an invitation like this," I said.
Ashley, still wearing her red leather strappy ensemble, moved behind Lauren and off the bed. I saw her stand behind Lauren, then grab and raise her up to a kneeling position, her ass high in the air as she continued to deep throat my cock.
Leila continued watching, content to lean on her elbow and play with Laurens tits. She also moved Laurens long brown hair out of the way when it started to get troublesome.
Ashley, planting kissed along Laurens ass, slowly sank from my field of view behind Lauren. I felt Lauren stop sucking for a moment, and heard a low rumbling moan come from her throat. Another, slightly higher moan followed and Lauren continued with her blowjob. Ashley was licking Lauren from behind; something I wished I could see from my vantage point.
"You know, this is almost as hot as when Paul fucked me in the restaurant last week," commented Leila as she fondled Lauren. She was obviously trying to also get Lauren randy with her talking about past sexual encounters. I certainly didn't mind, and since Lauren increased the speed of her head bobbing, neither did she.
"Paul took me to a nice place in wine country, and I wore a dress that my tits were basically falling out of," she continued saying. "After we ate, on the balcony of the restaurant, I dipped my fingers in his wine, and spread it on my pussy. Paul, being such a nice gentleman, offered to clean me up. He moved my highly slit dress to the side and went down on me right there on the balcony, licking and sucking my clit and pussy until I came so hard I had to brace myself on the railing."
Leila, ceasing her playing of Laurens tits, started rubbing her pussy in long, slow strokes. "And since I wanted to be fair, I then squatted down, my tits completely falling out of my dress and my pussy dripping wet. I took out that huge, hard cock you're sucking and took him deeper down my throat than I think I had up to that point."
Laurens sucking became faster still. She was going about half way down with each stroke, squeezing the base of my shaft with one hand and steadying herself with the other. When she rose up, I could see through the valley of her D-cup breasts that Ashleys tongue was licking up a storm on Laurens pussy, her jaw moving steadily and quickly.
"And when he came," Leila continued, dipping two of her fingers deep into her own pussy, "I dipped his cock into my wine, and sucked it as he shoot an absolutely massive load down my throat. The wine made his cum taste amazing. Fuck I wish I had some right now."
Lauren, adding stroking motions to her blowjob, was moaning steadily both from Leilas story and form Ashley eating her out. The whole situation was hot beyond belief and I felt my orgasm come on quickly and powerfully.
"Fuck, Lauren, I'm gonna cum," I said desperately. "Yes, fuck, I'm gonna cum, I'm gonna, fuck fuck FUCK!" I screamed. I jerked up into Laurens mouth as I came, forcing my cock further down her throat. I felt a half dozen spasms as Lauren kept a tight seal on me, collecting every bit of cum I shot into her mouth. When she felt that I was done, she pulled off and showed me the lake I let loose, before swallowing it all down in one gulp.
Breathing hard, she grabbed Leila by the hair and forced her head down towards the bed. Lauren crushed her mouth onto Leilas, moaning as Ashley kept licking from behind.
"Oh, oh, oooooooooohhhhhhh FUUUUUUUUCK!" Lauren screamed as she broke the kiss with Leila. She jerked forward, off of Ashleys mouth, squishing her tits onto Leilas head, which I'm sure she didn't mind.
"Ooooooooooo," Lauren continued to moan softly. She collapsed over me, her torso half on the bed and over my legs and body. She breathed hard for a while afterwards, letting out the occasional contented sigh.
Ashley, her makeup smeared all over her face, laid down behind Leila, snuggling up behind her and putting a hand on her glorious tits.
I laid my head back and tried to stay awake, but I fell asleep again, covered in a pile of naked women and various fluids.
Not a bad thing to fall asleep to.
#
Dawn came with rays of weak sunlight through my curtains. My bedfellows, 3 incredibly hot naked women, were still scattered around the bed in my living room. Ashley, at some point, removed her red leather strapped outfit (if you can even call it that) and was just as gloriously nude as the rest of us.
Leila, her curly locks more disheveled than normal, smiled at seeing me awake. She stretched out like a cat, giving a great show of her DD-cup breasts and long, lean legs.
Lauren was the next to wake up, similarly stretching, with similarly disheveled, long, straight hair. She smile at the both of us and looked around for her bag.
"I need to get this sweater off of my teeth," she said, extracting a toothbrush.
"Came prepared to stay the night I see," I commented.
"Well," she said, leaning over to kiss me, "I didn't know what was really going to happen, but it's better to be prepared.
Leila, stretching over me, kissed Lauren good morning before giving me the same.
"How about a shower," she asked Lauren. She had a smile on her face and a twinkle in her eye. She was also idly rubbing her small, dark red nipple while she stared at Lauren. Lauren, smiling back, got off of the bed and headed towards the bathroom.
"Back in a while," Leila said, kissing me again before hopping off of the bed. I heard the door close and the water start.
"Finally," I heard Ashley say from behind me, "I thought they'd never leave."
I laid back down flat and looked up, seeing an upside down Ashley kneeling on the bed. Smiling, she crawled on top of me, planting kisses on my head, my chest, and down my stomach. Her long, platinum hair dragged across my shoulders and felt quite nice, like a feather dancing on the skin.
What wasn't a feather, as I soon felt, was Ashley swallowing my semi-ridgid cock down her throat. Her lips, still slightly more pink than natural from her smeared lipstick, stretched around my girth to near breaking. She managed to take the entire thing down though, bulging out her throat as she did so.
"Fuck, Ashley, that feels amazing," I moaned as she swallowed my cock over and over. My moaning was cut short though as she smashed her hot, moist pussy down onto my face. She started grinding on my lips so, taking the subtle hint, I dove into her as best as I could. I tongue fucked Ashleys swollen sex as vigorously as she inhaled my dick, drawing moans from deep in her throat as I flicked my tongue over her clit.
I heard a few more moans as I started to play with her ass with my fingers, stroking her anus playfully. I pressed lightly on her ass, probing it as I continued to eat her out. Ashley had never really been into anal, but since I was here I might as well see if she likes it.
I felt her stop her blow job and continue to moan as I licked her pussy and fingered her ass. I pressed into her ass with my thumb, gently adding pressure until it was sunk up to my knuckle.
"Oh, fuck, thats new," she said. "God that is fucking hot. Keep eating me. Yes, fuck, that is soooo goooooood," she moaned as I pressed into both of her holes with my fingers and tongue.
I moved on and sucked on her clit hard, flicking it more with my tongue as she ground her pussy hard on my face. After a few more minutes of my assault, she came quick and hard.
"OOOOOOOHHHHHH SHIT, FUCK, FUUUUUUUUCK," she screamed. She jumped up off of my face and rolled onto her side. Her legs were shaking and she was breathing heavily, but she was smiling wider than I'd ever seen her.
"God damn, Paul," she breathed. "If I'd known that felt that good, I'd have had you violate my ass long ago."
"Well, better late than never," I said.
Smiling, she scooted up and put her arm over my legs, took my hard cock in one hand, and swallowed it down to the hilt on one go.
"Fuuuuuuuck," I moaned lowly. Ashley, encouraged by my pleased sounds, bobbed her head all the way up and back down in a quick but even pace. She stroked my cock with her hand in a slight twist, working the shaft as her tongue flexed on the underside of my cock as she went down.
Her speed had only one purpose; to get me off. She worked at my cock steadily, running her thumb on the shaft in the special way that I liked, and looking me in the eyes as she took me all the way down her throat. The sight was incredibly erotic and got things moving fast. I felt my orgasm rise fast and hard. It hit me so quickly that I didn't even have time to say anything before I came.
I bucked my hips and felt the first blast shoot into Ashley's mouth as she moved her head up. Another shot let loose and I could feel Ashley stroking my shaft with her hand, her tongue flicking the underside of my head. The sensation was amazing and kept me cumming for what felt like an hour. When I finally felt I was done, Ashley gently lifted her head up, her lips pressed tightly around the head of my cock.
Looking at me, she opened her mouth to show the impressive amount of cum I gave her. She closed her mouth and swallowed audibly, smiling widely after she was done.
"That," she said after a deep breath, "was probably the hottest load you've ever given me. That was awesome."
Unable to speak since I was breathing so hard, I gave her a weak thumbs up.
She moved up to rest her head on my shoulder, her leg going over mine, her hand resting on my chest. We laid like that for a bit until we heard the water shut off. A few minutes later we saw Leila and Lauren emerge, wrapped only in towels.
"Hey," Leila said, her normally wild and curly hair weight down with moisture, "Lauren and I were thinking of going for breakfast, want to join?"
Ashley and I gave them each a thumbs up, signaling we were in favor of the plan.
"We need to get cleaned and then dressed," Ashley said. She got up and dragged me up as well, despite me being twice her size. She lead me to the bathroom where we showered and did a little bit of playing. Since we'd both came so recently, it was more for fun than for getting off. Plus, soaping each other was just plain enjoyable.
Once done, we dressed and joined the others, heading to a popular chain diner to get some waffles. The discussion around the table was lively, although I didn't participate very much. I mostly just listened and tried to remember this moment, sitting here with three incredibly wonderful and sexy women, trying to understand how lucky I was to be here.
#
Moving day finally arrived and it was not a super happy affair as I would have though it was. My uncle rented a U-haul and a trailer to tow my car, seeing as I wasn't 25 yet and couldn't rent a vehicle. The packing of my belonging was done already and moving the boxes and furniture only took about two hours.
Ashley and Leila helped me move some things down. Leila helped me move the bed; I'd helped her move her bed into her place, so helping me move mine was only fair. Afterwards, I took both of them out and treated them to one final order of rolled tacos.
Once we finished, and I loaded my car onto the trailer, it was time to say goodbye.
"I'm gonna miss you," Leila said as she hugged me tightly.
"Me too," I said, hugging her back just as hard. "I'm glad I got to meet you and be your neighbor. You're awesome."
"Thanks," she said into my ear. Letting go, she said "When you see my sister tell her to call our mother more often. Also, don't spoil her too much with your charms; I intend to visit on occasion and don't want to have to compete with her."
"I will," I said.
Ashley grabbed me and hugged me tightly as well. She held on for a lot longer than Leila, and I didn't want to rush her because I was feeling the same things. After a minute or so, she let go and gave me kiss. Not the all out tongue wrestling we often do, just a simple, gentle, nice kiss.
"Good luck," she said.
"You too," I said, "L.A. is lucky to have you doing documentaries about the ocean."
She hugged me again tightly. I felt her lips touch my right earlobe and her breath on my ear as she spoke.
"I'll miss you," she said, "and so will Leila. But just so you know, while you're driving all by yourself, I'll be munching on Leilas pussy as soon as you pull out of here."
She then bit my ear hard to drive her point home. I felt her cheeks smile and she pulled away, grinning like an idiot.
If I didn't need to get going, I would have bent both of them over right there in the parking lot.
Leila gave me a final hug too. I felt her lips on my left earlobe as she spoke quietly.
"Don't worry about Ashley," she breathed as she held me tightly. "I'll make sure to bury my face in her pussy as often as I can. You know, to keep her distracted."
She kissed my neck and released me.
Pants now a little more tight than a minute ago, I climbed into the cab of the truck and departed Rancho Hills. I waved goodbye to Leila and Ashley, who waved back. Taking the long way to the freeway through the main streets of the town, I wasn't sure I would ever come back here, so I wanted to remember it as much as I could.
Hitting the freeway, I had a great many sad feelings for those I wouldn't likely see again. But I also had a lot of excitement to start my life in a new place. Of starting a business (if Morgan was able to secure the space that is), and of starting new friendships.
I was just starting to get into the zen of a long drive when my cell phone rang. Coincidentally, it was Morgan.
"Hello."
"Hey," Morgan said brightly. "You said you were leaving today. Get everything loaded and off ok?"
"Yes, I did. Thanks for asking."
"Get every-one off Ok?"
Smiling at the inference, I said "Yes. Every-one got off well."
"Good. When you get here stop by my office. I have your keys. You can give me a tour of your new place. Especially of the bedroom areas."
Her tone was playful; I could almost see her smiling on the other end of the phone, as well as imagine the strained shirt buttons of her blouse. "Sounds good. I should be there tomorrow afternoon."
"Can't wait. Drive safe."
I put the phone away and smiled to myself.
Yea, I think Portland is going to work out just fine.