I want to shout out all my fans who give me positive feedback and continue me to entertain you guys! This story does take place in my extended universe and while I was writing it, I threw in some references to some other stories I am sure you guys will enjoy.
Chronologically this takes place between "The Asylum Ch. 02' and "Sabrina The Teenage Bitch Ch. 01". You can consider this a spin-off from The Asylum series anyways, Enjoy!
--
Natalie Maylin, had just recently gotten married to her high school sweetheart, Christopher Maylin. She was the only man she ever dated and she found full contentment with the life he provided and promised to keep providing her. He never hits her, asks her for much, berates her or pressures her to be intimate with him at all. By the time he was 22 and she was 21, they decided it was finally time to tie the knot, he now took up work leading his father's landscaping company.
They lived a comfortable life living in an apartment but decided to move out into a house in order to have various tools, trucks and materials for the landscaping company at easy access. Instead of having to rent out a storage unit, they decided to operate the company from their new home. Combining those work and their home into one house made paying the bills easier in the long run.
They then met the sole owner of the house, a man by the name Derrick who was a teacher at a high school in the nearby town. He owned the house but recently went through an divorce and I would guess he would need the money.
"Okay so, I'll make sure our real estate agents get their commissions sorted out and then when all parties get their final copies of the contract. We can all go our separate way" Christopher would say as he would close up a folder.
"Yeah no problem, do you have both of the keys for the mailbox?" Derrick would ask.
"Let me go check, I think I probably left them inside of my car," Christopher would say as he would leave the room and head outside to their Tahoe.
Derrick would take this moment to stare Natalie over, she was a gorgeous girl, with a hypnotizing bright smile, caramel skin and dark black hair. It was hard not to notice she had a body built for sin. Natalie's body stood out. People would stare at her jutting, heart-shaped ass, people would drool while staring at her chest.
She had such a slim frame, so they looked absolutely huge on her. Even now, while she wore a 32 HH-cup bra, she was even bursting from that. Vaulting off her chest and being seen from her side and even behind her you can still see her breasts, they were almost cartoonish how big they are on her slim frame.
Natalie was dressed in some simple jeans, Reebok sneakers and a shirt with a band logo that her massive breasts stretched out but for the most part the shirt was fitted but it was just hard to ignore her breasts.
"Please just let me see those puppies, please the divorce has been so hard on me. I just need at least one tit fuck that would be perfect, you remind me so much of my ex-wife." Derrick would say dropping to his knee's right before Natalie's eyes.
"I am a married woman and a faithful one at that. Do not ever speak such vulgar and inappropriate things towards me ever again" she would manage to say before Christopher returned.
Christopher returned to the house, noticing that Derrick was staring intently at Natalie. Christopher clears his throat, but was very familiar with the situation. After all, Natalie was every mans wet dream: almost all Ass and Tits. "Natalie, why don't you go and check that these keys work on the mailbox?" Christopher hands the keys to Natalie, and she leaves the room, Christopher watching Derrick watch Natalie leave Christopher turns to Derrick, "I have to say, I was surprised at the price of the house. It's a steal for how much it was valued for. Mind if I ask why your letting it go?
"My ex-wife had some experiences in that house that led her to let go of me" was all poor Derrick could respond with.
--
Day 1
While Christopher employee's and some mutual friends of theirs would help out with the move, Natalie and Christopher still took the basics and set them up in the house. Bed, television. clothes and of course some personal documents of both Natalie and Christopher with the addition of Christopher's business to be stored away. They did not want anyone to indulge into the files whilst they were all busy in the move, I mean Christopher had the suspicion that one of his employee's was going to try to find some evidence to oust him from the company.
While Natalie was getting her laptop out of her bag she called out to Christopher who was leaving to grab some Mr. Sub for them to eat, "have you seen my laptop charger?"
"Check in the other box with the Playstation 4" Christopher would respond before stepping out of the house.
Natalie would open up the said box and sure enough find her laptop charger, she would plug it into the wall socket noticing a immediate spark that would be more significant than a random glitch in the matrix, Natalie thought she had to go reset the breakers.
But her laptop turned on and was receiving charge, hesitantly she sat back down on her bed and placed the laptop on her lap. Looking at the screen waiting for the windows logo to pop up indicating it was loading up her user profile, it was just a blank black screen that showed her beautiful reflection back at her.
Soon random flashes of images would appear on the screen, Natalie could not help herself to look away and remained in a trance to the screen. As a variety of different images would flash on the screens including one of a girl with a rather large ass getting fucked in a prison and a bollywood actress Kareena Kapoor getting fucked in the ass while a bunch of simple messages such as "Service" and "Property".
All the while Natalie was taking off her pants and panties without thought.
Soon Natalie found herself masturbating furiously while these images kept on playing, which was weird since she never really found herself masturbating I mean sure she tried it before a couple of times but it was considered a depraved act to her, but she was really rubbing her tight pussy up until she heard Christopher's car outside and she immediately stopped and got dressed again.
--
Day 2
Moving into the new place was relatively easy, it was a nice two bedroom house at the edge of town, the backyard faces the mountain on which the town was built around. Christopher made mention of how he plans on getting all of the guys of the company out to renovate the backyard, turning it into a pool and patio combination.
Brennan noticed the cars in front of his neighbors that morning as he came back from his daily run. Shirtless, black shorts on, body glistening with sweat as the heat rose sharply over his last few miles. Checking the pulse on his watch as he walked up the driveway to the side door. Coming inside, grabbing a bottle of water from the fridge and drinking nearly half of it in one motion to cool his burning core.
Peering through the kitchen window, which gave a good glimpse into the backyard next door. He spied his new neighbors, who he hasn't met yet, talking with another man, appearing to be discussing a new project. His eye fixated on the wife, a true vision dressed in tight jeans and a white shirt, knotted under her remarkable breasts. Drinking down another half of the bottle, breathing settling in a bit, but his heart rate staying high as the curvaceous olive skinned queen was having a clear effect on him.
He was working in his garage and then he saw Natalie and Christopher taking the keys from poor Derrick. He had no idea what happened to his wife. Brennan was one of the lucky benefactors but if he ever knew I was involved he would probably have killed him. her admired Natalie's figure beginning to think about what went down with Derrick's wife and how it was only a matter of time before he himself was able to have my way with this new neighbor. he stare's at Christopher almost in pity, since he would have to befriend him to get close to his new stacked neighbor.
Wiping the sweat from his torso, arms, neck, head. Slipping on a fresh light blue shirt, and his feet into tan flip flops. Walking out the side door again, around the hedges that separated our properties and into the backyard. Flashing his warm smile, as she was the only one left on the deck, the men having moved out into the yard a bit further.
"Hi there. Sorry to interrupt, just figured I should finally come introduce myself. I am Brennan, your neighbor next door."
"Oh hello there, my name is Natalie and this is my husband Christopher, yeah we had just moved in literally about 1 hour ago. Glad to meet you" Natalie would say noting Brennan's appearance he was a handsome man and he kept himself in decent shape he wasn't really anyone Natalie would consider her type or anything close to that but he seemed friendly none the less.
As Christopher would walk over to shake hands and start talking about how the neighborhood is overall and anything they should know about.
--
Day 3
After moving into the space, Natalie would walk in sweatpants and a tank-top around the house she would note various cobwebs and the weird remnants of a past life that was left laying around. She enter the study room which was in the second floor of the house that faced out to the hills with a good expansive window view, she would note the old dusty desk that seemed to be untouched in quite a while.
The chair looked unusual on further inspection revealing that it had no dust on the chair even though the desk had dust, I moved the chair away from the desk and looked under it one of her massive tits falling out of her tank top as she bent over, only to reveal clumps of cum sprayed all over the underneath of the desk.
The amount was alarming no way Christopher was able to do this, he barely sprayed cum during the few times he and Natalie were intimate this did not add up how would anyone have time to set this up, maybe this was not cum but it sure looked like it.
Natalie still was confused on why a random amount of cum was under the desk, she would then feel something come over her.
She just had to make sure it was cum she was seeing.
She carefully took her finger and scooped some up, watching it slowly try ooze back down without a moment of thinking she popped it into her mouth for a taste, it was definitely cum. Natalie did not know what came over her and she decided to lick her finger dry of the strange cum.
Soon her nipples grew erect, I mean this was a creepy sexual situation that came about, I mean fresh cum that came from a man's penis just randomly sprayed in her house.
Like a depraved slut, Natalie soon started licking up the remaining cum that was splattered everywhere like a dog, she did not know what was coming over her.
--
Day 4
Christopher walks into the house. "Babe, where are you?" Carrying a medium sized box full of documents, he places it on the table. "Natalie?" Christopher walks around the corner into the living room,and sees Natalie sitting on the couch, laptop in front of her, screen blank. "Hey, is everything okay? I called out to you?" Christopher pauses, takes a few sniffs. "Do you smell that? Smells a little musky in here. Maybe we should call the handy man out to check for mold?"
Christopher walks around the room. "Have you seen that card with his information? I want to call him tonight to make sure it gets on his calendar?" Christopher continues to wander around the room, oblivious to the lack of response from Natalie, or the lightly glazed look on her face. Only after he wanders out back to the kitchen, then back to the living room does he pause. "Natalie? Everything all right?"
"Oh uhmmm yeah" Natalie said quietly "the card is on the fridge go ahead and call them I have to use the washroom" Natalie would say as she would head into the washroom and lock the door behind her. She would take off her pants and panties revealing her tight pussy that was soaking wet, she would collapse into the bathtub as she furiously rubbed her clit to try to soothe the new found feelings that came over her.
"Oh fuck yes" Natalie would moan out, this would be out of character as she never really swore as she took off her t-shirt revealing her massive bra-less breasts that was erect and perky as ever.
Christopher wanders around the kitchen, spends the next few minutes calling the handyman. He tries multiple times to get through, waiting a few minutes between each call before leaving a voicemail to get him to call back. After about 10 minutes has passed, Christopher starts to realize he is hungry. Wanting to check in with Natalie, he wanders around the house looking for her.
Starting on the first floor, he wanders from room to room, remembering that Natalie said she had to use the washroom. So Christopher's checks the one on the first floor, and Natalie is not there. Realizing his mistake, he walks upstairs to the master bedroom, walking in and calling out to Natalie. "Natalie, you in here?" Christopher approaches the bathroom door, attempting to open it. As he is met with a locked door, he knocks on the door "Natalie, you there?"
Natalie would stop immediately shocked at what she was doing even though she herself was doing it to herself literally, as confusing as a sentence that just was it was very true "Yeah I am in here, is everything okay?" She would call out nervously as she would clean herself up and started to get dressed as fast as she could.
"Sorry babe. I just wanted to see what kind of sandwich you wanted." Taken a little aback by her response, you have usually been much more empathetic and loving. "You sure everything is okay? You are acting a little different? Did you notice Derrick leering at you?"
"Just forget about Derrick he is a jerk and he lost his house so maybe he is just sulking in defeat, anyways let's just eat it has been a long day" Natalie would say after having her massive masturbation fest.
Christopher responds "Oh, okay. You just seem a bit tense. I'll go get those sandwiches for us then. Why don't you take a bath to unwind. I can grab us a bottle of wine while I am out. I'll just get you the regular" Christopher heads out of the house, heading straight to his car and heads off to the sub shop.
As if on cue, Natalie knew exactly what she was going to do with this new found private time as she closed back the bathroom door and stripped off her clothes and immediately started up the bathtub with hot water, as she would lay back and immediately resume her working her clit in ways she never thought she would see herself doing, as she would be even more wet then ever having almost gotten caught masturbating by her husband out of all the people in the world.
Jason pulls up to the house. He checks his voicemails one more time, reviewing the claims that Christopher had made. Having examined the house multiple times, Jason had no idea what the problem could be. He walked up to the door, and let himself in with the spare key he still had at Christopher's request. Jason had done work on the house for Christopher and Natalie before they moved in. Checked out the electric system, and the A.C. Things that they needed inspected that Christopher legally couldn't do himself
Jason wanders around the 1st floor, starting in the kitchen, then the first floor bathroom and then the living room, smelling for the musky smell that Christopher mentioned, as well as checking the corners of the rooms for mold. Not finding anything, Jason moves to the garage. While in there, he also does not find any mold. But does hear the sound of running water. Thinking there might be a leak somewhere else in the house, Jason heads upstairs, following the sound of water to the master bedroom and bathroom.
Natalie would take one of her massive tits and place the nipple in her mouth an act her friend's always said she had the breast size to do but she always found it depraved. Just like this new found masturbating fest Natalie found herself sucking her own nipple of one of her massive breasts with no shame or hesitation at all. As she would find herself having an orgasm she would moan to the top of her lungs unexpectedly.
Jason hears the moaning. Recognizing that he had not seen Christopher's car out front, he hopes that it might be Natalie in the bathroom. Jason flashes back to the images of her; her huge tits and ass flashing in front of his eyes. Unable to help himself, he tries to push open the door, elated that it isn't locked or even latched shut. The door glides open, Jason grabbing the handle to let it open slowly, as he looks into the bathroom, the bath framed for him right in the middle of the doorway.
"Oh my fucking god" Natalie would scream out, again swearing but this time she was like her normal self "what the hell are you doing here" as she would frantically try to cover her massive titties and her tight cunt despite her small hands doing little work to conceal her curves and assets that she was blessed with, her senses somewhat coming back to her usual self.
Oh, I'm so sorry Natalie. It's me Jason. Christopher called and said there was an issue with mold. I was in the area and thought I'd pop by to check it out...I didn't mean to...I didn't see...I mean..." Jason loses his voice, standing there...gazing at Natalie, drinking her in as she unsuccessfully tries to cover herself. A bulge starting to press against his pants.
"Yeah but that does not mean you just barge inside someone's private bathroom I mean come on there is standards to maintain wherever you go, whether or whether or not you are on duty." Natalie says angrily as she steps out of the tub revealing her full nude form without even thinking twice about the decision. Why hasn't she kicked him out of the house yet? She wondered to herself.
"Of course Natalie. I'm so sorry. I didn't think anyone was home. I was just looking for the mold. I couldn't find any, and then I heard the running water. I thought there might be a leak and followed it here." Jason's eyes continue to take Natalie in, up and down...eye fucking her now. Absentmindedly, Jason steps forward. "Please Natalie, I didn't mean anything by it".
"Oh yeah well" Natalie would say finally feeling the unusual feeling again that she had about herself for the entire duration since charging her laptop, as she walked on her bare feet towards Jason with a stern look in her eyes. "Then explain to me why you're cock is hard right now".
Jason's cock sprang forward, pointing ominously skyward, a great pillar of pulsating throbbing manhood.
"God that looks just like Christopher's cock but only bigger!!" squealed Natalie excitedly, putting her hands to her mouth like a child.
Natalie surprised the hell out of Jason by sticking a hand in her mouth lubricating her fingers before running her fingers over her erect nipples then she grabbed her right breast and raised it up so that she could take her nipple in her mouth whereupon she first licked and sucked her nipple.
Natalie would grab Jason and put him seated on the bathtub's sides as she pulled down his pants all the way, she straddled him and leaned forward wrapping her massive juggs around his cock. She started titty fucking him by holding her tits tightly against the base of his cock rocking up and down.
She just could not stop whatever she was doing, even if she tried.
"Oh god Natalie, that's sooo good, so fucking good. Fuck my big cock with your massive titties, fuck it good baby..." he gasped looking down to his cock engulfed in the most magnificent big tits and the prettiest smiling face you could imagine. The fact that Natalie was clearly enjoying what she was doing was an unbelievable turn on something he would never have imagined from her.
As he did this Natalie looked down and took his cock which was easily emerging from her tits with each thrust in her mouth.
Natalie pushed Jason into the tub that was coated in her juices from masturbating and then straddled his big cock right then and there.
As he laid there slowly stroking his ever hard penis Natalie straddled him.
"You'll see honey why I am like this" she said with a emotionless voice.
Before he could even take in her words she lowered herself so that the immense mushroom tipped sized head of his cock now liberally covered with juice made contact with her pussy lips.
Jason could not believe the luck he was having, Christopher's wife was always the talk of the company if not the town. She was always modest and reserved but she has taken on the inner sex beast that was no doubt left to rest when she married Chris. For her entire life she was left underfucked and it was showing here but even with her inexperience of feeling and producing pleasure she was definitely holding her own.
"Oh god Jason, take it easy I'm not use to something this size, fuck who am I kidding Christopher doesn't even use to something half this size" her voiced trailed off as my cock eased into her hot pussy assisted by Natalie weight. The first few inches were now inserted and Natalie was lowering herself onto him each time taking just a little more of his massive cock.
"Oh god, fuck, fuck FUCK, you're so fucking big," gasped Natalie now having 8 inches inside of her tight pussy.
"Mmmmm Natalie you're so tight, you sure you can take more. We can stop if you want?" Jason asked desperate to hear that she could.
"Yes, yes, fuck YES!!" she screamed now panting heavily as she continued to raise herself up before slamming herself back down, each time she did this her massive breasts would bounce wildly.
Natalie was on cloud 9, having getting used to Jason's 10 incher and experiencing pleasure she never thought was humanly possible or was out there for her to enjoy and indulge in, she truly felt she was missing out on this her entire life.
"Let me take you on a wild ride something you're husband was never able to do," Jason said towards Natalie.
In the heat of the moment, Natalie stripped off the wedding ring of her finger and let it fall inside the bathtub, as it clanked around as they were having sex it eventually found it's place down the drain along with various sex juices.
Jason did not hold back and began to thrust the entirety of his cock into Natalie. Going to town now thrusting his cock up to meet her pounding pussy. Her massive tits freely bouncing from side to side and her forehead covered in sweat as was Jason.
"God, fuck, shit, you're splitting me in two." squealed Natalie as she lost her last bit of purity while committing this sin eagerly.
Jason nor Natalie could believe it but Natalie the women who's most sexual experience consisted of laying missionary while her husband's 6 inch cock pumped into her was now riding a 10 inch cock. She collapsed forward as her big boobs squashed against Jason. He ran his hands slowly along her back until he reached her heart shaped ass.
Soon they changed positions, with Natalie holding the edges of the bathtub as Jason lined himself behind her.
Natalie was so hot. She straddled the tub and lent forward her big tits hanging down Jason placed his cock between her ass cheeks and slowly slide it up and up so that she could feel its immense length.
he placed his mushroom tipped head at the entrance to her pussy and in one thrust inserted the head and a full five inches of cock. God she was so wet and hot from earlier that this meet with little resistance in fact all it did was cause her to sigh and moan.
With 10 solid inches of hot cock well and truly in her Natalie was going wild. Her back arched up and down her large ass was putting a show of her own and she routinely played with her massively tits as he fucked her long and hard.
"Oh shit, fuck I'm fucking cumming can't you tell, oh god yeah," screamed Natalie now playing with her clit as he pounded her hard.
All thought of being gentle with her been erased from Jason's mind a fucking machine mercilessly hell bent on one thing and one thing alone which was to fuck her to a standstill and then deliver to her the biggest load of cum ever.
After a few more thrusts he grabbed his cock furiously pumped it before she would turn around and slide down to the floor presenting her massive tits to him..
Long ropes of thick white cum arched through the air before falling back to earth where it impacted on Natalie's beautiful tits and gorgeous face.
Natalie just lay there smiling cupping her massive tits in her hands cum drenched flesh spilling out of them as she drained the final juice from his cock.
--
Day 5
Natalie had just cheated on her husband with one of his workers, after he introduced her to a more in depth sex life, he took his leave. Not without going into Derrick's office and grabbing a few things before headed off, turns out Derrick got invited to the neighbors as he was approaching the house.
Sparing him of all the humiliation and the realization that his wife was in the bathroom cheating on him, Brennan wanted to get closer to Derrick so he can have a easier path towards Natalie which was why Derrick was out of the picture that night.
This day would prove to be a follow up of the event she missed last night, Natalie know totally under the spell was outside in her new backyard, the renovations had not even been complete yet she was tanning.
Nude.
Her massive tits and voluptuous body was just out in the open, as she soaked up the sun the once innocent wife would never even consider this public opening.
Brennan looked over to her with his jaw practically on the floor, metaphorically of course as the only thing that was moving was his cock.
Should history repeat itself?