For the most part these stories are from Tawny's viewpoint, with some segments being from her husband Eric's viewpoint.
Tawny loves to be used by multiple guys who treat her roughly. Her being a slut to be used by strangers is something that Eric understands and supports, not only because he loves her, but because hearing about it is a huge turn-on for him as well. Tawny charging her "customers" for these parties is an idea she had to get the type of sex she enjoys, but still have boundaries. She'd happily do it all for free, the money is just a way to ensure that the guys feel entitled to treat her as roughly as she wants to be treated.
Ideally, these stories should be read in order. However, if the reader's only interest is in hearing what is happening to Tawny in this installment, it's not strictly necessary.
It is strongly suggested to at least first read her origin story "Tawny and the Value Given" to better understand her lifestyle, and to get an idea of what will (and won't) be happening to her in these stories.
Disclaimer: This is a work of fiction. Unlike the real world, STI's don't exist and The Pill is 100% effective. In reality, the lifestyle depicted here would present a large health risk, and a low but non-zero pregnancy risk. Tawny's sexual tastes are not shared by all, or probably even most, women.
Also note that when Tawny goes to a stranger's house for sex, they have been vetted and someone she trusts always knows where she's going and who she's meeting.
The Tawny Chronicles so far:
#1 - Tawny and the Value Given
#2 - Tawny and the Five Guys
#3 - Tawny and the Fraternity Reunion
#4 - Tawny and the Charity Food Drive
#5 - Tawny and the Farmhands
Copyright © 2021 by EightBits.
All Rights Reserved.

Tawny and the Farmhands

Decoration
As I drove to the farm, I was excited by the prospect of again getting to be fucked by a bunch of hard cocks. Don't get me wrong, I enjoyed all of the torments that I had experienced at the charity event, but I had been slightly disappointed at not being gang-banged there!
Eric had promised me that today would, as he put it, "scratch that itch". So I was optimistic even though a produce farm didn't seem a likely venue. All of my previous parties hadn't started until at least early evening, so it felt weird to be headed to one during the day. The thought of being naked, and probably outside, in the broad daylight made me feel even more slutty than usual!
I pulled off the rural road I'd been on for the last 20 minutes, and up a long dirt access road to the farmhouse and its collection of outbuildings. As I'd driven up the access road, I'd seen seven or eight men in various fields, doing... farming things. (Hey, I am a city girl!) That was encouraging, in a Tawny-gets-a-lot-of-cock way!
As I parked my car, a guy walked out of the barn. He looked to be close to 40, and well-tanned. I had expected overalls, but he was in jeans and a t-shirt, although he did have on boots. I got out and said, "Hi, I'm Tawny."
"Hi Tawny," he said, "I'm Wayne. Wow, you are one good-looking gal! I've been telling the boys that they'd really like the surprise I had coming, but I don't think they were expecting a girl that looks like you."
I too chose blue jeans, but mine were shorts that didn't totally cover my ass. The tank-top was one of my tighter ones. And without a bra, my nipples were very obvious. I looked damn sexy, and knew it! I smiled at him and said, "Thanks, Wayne."
"Well, not a lot of time to waste, we've been harvesting like crazy the last few days. Let's get started."
We walked into the barn, and he said, "Off with the clothes, bitch."
I pulled off my tank-top, exposing my tits. His calloused hands were rough as he grabbed and kneaded them, rubbing his thumbs across my soft pink nipples.
"Damn, these are great tits," he said. He let go to let me unbutton my shorts and slide them down my legs. I wasn't wearing any underwear.
In the same no-hesitation way he'd grabbed my tits, he reached down and rubbed my pussy lips for a few seconds, then I jumped as he abruptly stuck a finger in me and rubbed it around. "Your pussy feels good too, bitch. Gonna make my farmhands damn happy!"
He pulled his finger out, took my arm in one strong hand, and led me over to a large cross of wood that was propped up a little on the floor of the barn.
"Lay down," he ordered, "Arms there."
I lay down, and spread my arms out along the crossbeam as he'd indicated. The crossbeams were a little longer than my arms, and the top barely came to the top of my head, but the lower part extended quite a bit past my feet. He took a coil of rope off the table, tied it to a eyebolt near my hand, and starting at the wrist, began winding it around my arm. When he got to my body, he drew it across behind the beam and wound it around my other arm. He got to that wrist, pulled it tight and tied it off. The rope was too tight for me to move my arms at all, but not painful.
Using more ropes, he looped them around behind my knees, pulling my legs open and up towards my arms, where he tied the other end of the rope to a couple more eyebolts. He held out a small bright red apple and said, "Open up."
I was surprised to see the apple, since our rules were ball gags and ring gags unless otherwise agreed. I was pretty sure you'd have told me about a waiver, but I decide to go along with it anyway, and opened my mouth
He wedged it between my teeth, saying, "Some of the guys think women should be seen, not heard. You better not let that fall out, because if it does, I'll find somethingmuchbigger."
I decided I'd do my best. My mouth wasn't stretched as wide as it could go, but wide enough. I could open wider and dislodge it, or even bite through it, but I didn't want it replaced with anything larger where I might not have those options. It seemed safe enough - if Ididhappen to bite off a chunk of the apple, since he wasn't tying it in I could always spit it out, so no risk of choking on it.
He left the barn, and returned in a few minutes with a couple other guys.
"Oh, you found a hot one this time Wayne," one of them said. He was short and a bit chunky, and wearing the overalls I'd expected to see on everyone. He leered at my exposed pussy, and I saw him swallow hard.
"Thanks Owen. You'll get to have fun with her, just be patient. I want to give the guys a nice incentive to get their work done quick today. Help me get her out to the field," said Wayne.
Out to the field? I was expecting these guys to just start fucking me there in the barn.
The three of them picked up the cross with me tied to it, and carried me out the other end of the barn. We walked maybe 100 feet, and came to a post-hole dug in the middle of some field that was still full of crops. They lifted the me and the cross upright, my weight becoming supported by my arms and the ropes tied to my legs. Lifting the cross, they slid the bottom of it down into that hole. It fit tightly, holding the cross straight up, no tilt or unsteadiness at all. They stepped back and looked up at me as I hung there, knees pulled up, my legs open and my pussy completely exposed.
"Bitch, you're the best looking scarecrow this farm has ever had!" exclaimed Owen.
Wayne said, "Now, those big titties look like they might like a little 'support'."
I know my tits are a little too big to be in the "perky" category, but I've always been proud of how firm they are, and how nicely they stick out. Plus, with my arms spread wide on that cross, they were sticking out even more than usual! So I knew that meant he had something creative in mind, and no-doubt painful.
Quickly proving my line of thought correct, he picked up a pitchfork, and said, "Owen, lift one of those up."
Owen cupped his hand under my left breast, and lifted it as Wayne pushed the handle of the pitchfork down into the soft dirt below. He positioned the pointy tines of the pitchfork just below Owen's hand, my eyes widening as I protested into the gag.
"Relax, bitch," said Owen, "They ain't sharp. Well, notrealsharp anyway." He let go, and I felt three or four of the tines poke into the tender underside of my breast. He was right, they weren't sharp enough to break the skin, but my breast being supported by like that still hurt!
Of course, there weretwopitchforks, and soon both of my breasts were painfully "supported".
"Now for the finishing touch," Wayne said in a satisfied tone. "A hoe for a ho," and he placed the handle of a garden hoe between my legs. He proceeded to slide it into me, going slow and wiggling it to work it in since he hadn't bothered with any lube.
I yelled into the gag, "At least use some lube, goddamnit!" but I knew it wouldn't matter, even if they had been able to understand me. Hewantedthe wooden handle to hurt as he worked it up my pussy. When he'd gotten it deep enough to be totally uncomfortable, he stopped and wedged the end of it into the ground, which kept it firmly in place.
"Perfect," Wayne said, "Owen, go let the boys know she's here and they can wander by to take a look at her when they take their breaks." The older man nodded at his boss, and went off to share the news as Wayne headed back to the barn.
I hung there, tits hurting and my wide-spread pussy full of that hard wooden handle. I was glad it wasn't a hot time of year, and that it was nice and overcast - sunscreen was not something I'd expected to need. Being on display like this made me feel super slutty, and I wished it was a hard cock in my pussy instead of that handle.
After a while, the first of the farmhands stopped by. "Well don't you look comfortable," he said mockingly. He reached out and shook the handle of the hoe, making me moan. He stood there looking at me with a smile that made me feel like a present ready to be opened. Knowing that a guy was not only thinking about getting to fuck me, but that he was definitely going to get to, was a huge turn-on!
For the next hour or so, as they took their breaks, all of them stopped by to "see the whore scarecrow" as one of them put it, as he gave my ass a squeeze. Other comments I recall were, "nice bra, bitch" and "damn, can't wait to fuck this little slut", which I heard more than once.
Wayne came by several times during that hour, both to check on meandenjoy himself my lifting my tits by my nipples and moving them to find fresh spots for the tines to poke.
A few of them started to work in the field where I was displayed, and I think they spent as much time looking up at my naked body as they did working. I did love being just a decoration for a bunch of horny men to enjoy while they worked!
On one of his visits, Wayne said, "Some of the guys were disappointed your cunt was occupied", and roughly removed the hoe handle from my pussy. He also taped a crude cardboard sign to mt stomach that said "Check it out"..
After that, all of them who came by did just that. They all took their work gloves off before feeling my wet pussy with a finger or two, except for one guy.
This guy held his gloved hand up to my face, grinned, and said, "Not going to bother taking off my gloves for a cunt like you. I did wipe them on my pants-leg real good though!"
He then shoved two fingers up me, enjoying my reaction to the pain and humiliation of the rough, stained leather scraping around inside my tender pussy. It made me feel like a dirty slut, both literally and figuratively!
I was happy to finally see Wayne and Owen coming to take me down. They'd done a good job of using ropes to support my legs, but I was still in an uncomfortable position, and wanted my tits off of those damn pitchforks!
Barn Fun
It was obvious that Wayne and Owen had worked together for a while, as they exhibited good teamwork untying me from my perch, helping me down, and they even removed the apple gag. We entered the barn, and I took a quick break to drink a little water before they led me over to a sawhorse-looking thing. The top was wider than a normal carpenter's sawhorse, and lightly padded. There were lengths of rope attached at the base of each leg, making its purpose pretty obvious.
"Lay down, bitch," said Wayne.
I laid face-down along the padded rail, one breast on either side. Wayne and Owen used the ropes to secure my ankles and wrists, leaving my pussy helplessly exposed at the end of the rail, at perfect dick-height.
Wayne began to rub his hand between my legs, teasing my pussy lips with his fingers. "Yeah, this pussy is going to make a lot of cocks happy tonight," he remarked.
Owen said, "Wayne, should I tie up her hooters?"
Wayne smiled and said, "Sure, Owen. Enjoy! I'm going to go see how Freddie's doing."
He walked away, leaving just me and Owen, who went over to a nearby bench, bringing back a coil of baling wire and some tools.
"God, I always love tying up a bitch's tits," Owen said, "and yours are going to look great."
He cut a foot or two of wire from the coil, and formed it into a loop. With my breast hanging down, it was easy for him place the loop of stiff wire around the base of it, holding the ends crossed with his strong fingers.
"Here's where it get's fun," he said, breathing a little harder. He took pliers and began twisting the ends of the wire together. With each twist, the loop got noticeably tighter, making me moan. Unlike rope, or even the band clamps that Bill had used on me, the thin wire felt like it was cutting into my skin. When he'd constricted my tit enough that it looked like a taut smooth globe, he stopped and squeezed it, causing me yell as pain welled up in my tit.
That made him give a cruel smile, and he tied my other breast the same way. "Those are some nice round titties now!" he said, and squeezed them again, causing my tits to press outward even harder against the unyielding wire, making me scream in pain.
"I'm gonna squeeze those again when I get to screw you," Owen said, "but right now I need to help Wayne with the tractor that Freddie got stuck. But don't you worry, I'm sure one of the boys'll be along right quick." He left me alone in the barn.
As Owen had promised, it wasn't long before the first farmhand to finish his workday showed up. This guy looked to be in his twenties, and he clearly spent a lot of time out in the sun, being well-tanned despite the straw hat he still wore.
"Hey bitch, you ready for some dick?" this guy snarled. "Yeah, I bet you are."
I didn't answer the obviously rhetorical question. I heard him unzip his pants, and, without any warmup, I felt the head of his cock enter my wet pussy. Oh yeah, it was wet. Ttied up so a bunch of guys could fuck me? You know it was!
He went slow at first, savoring the feeling of my pussy around his hard cock. As his excitement increased, so did the speed and force of his thrusts. My body rocked back and forth just enough to make my tied up tits sway, making me very aware of how sensitive they'd become.
His rough hands rubbed and squeezed my ass as he continued fucking me. I was making little gasps of pleasure with each thrust. I love having a hard dick in me and the first one at each party always feels so good!
He moved his grip onto my hips, and began thrusting harder. After several strokes like that, he pressed into me hard, and I felt him come.
"Oh, damn, bitch - that's some nice pussy!" he said, slapping my ass. He zipped up, mockingly tipped his straw hat to me, and left the barn.
Again, it was just a couple minutes before another farmhand came in. He was a little older, and had the same tan as the first guy, but no hat. He didn't say anything, just stepped behind me and dropped his pants. He used his fingers to spread my pussy lips, and then shoved his cock all the way in one thrust and began to fuck me.
I saw Wayne enter the barn and come over to watch. He didn't say anything either, just watched while his farmhand used the slut he'd provided as a bonus, my pussy nothing more than a reward for their hard work.
Unlike the first one, this guy started fast and finished fast. It was maybe two minutes before I felt him push hard and come in my pussy. He held his cock deep inside me, groaning as he emptied his balls. Then he left just the way he'd arrived, not saying a word.
"I see you've been introduced to some of my workers," Wayne said, teasing me.
I responded, "Well, not exactly a formal introduction, but I do feel like we got to know each other."
Wayne chuckled, "Good - plenty more of them for you to get to 'know' before you're done tonight. But since you're currently free, I guess it's my turn!"
He reached into his pocket, pulled out a carrot, and held it in front of my face. "I wanted you to become familiar with what we grow here."
Walking behind me, he slid the carrot into my pussy, wiggling it around a little before withdrawing it. He held it in front of me again, and I could see it glisten with cum and pussy juice.
"Figured you could provide your own lube," he snickered. He moved behind me and stuck the tip of that carrot against my asshole. "You should probably relax, bitch," he said as he began to push.
I took a deep breath, and let it out slowly as it entered my ass. Even with the lubrication from my pussy it was rough enough to be painful as it slid into me. When he had it as far as he wanted it, he stopped and said, "There, all decorated!"
He unzipped his jeans, and then very slowly slid his cock into my pussy, making me moan in pleasure.
"Heh," he said, "You love things in both your holes, don't you slut?"
His cock wasn't any bigger than the previous ones, but the invader in my ass made itfeelbigger as he began slowly sliding his dick in and out of me as I continued to moan. I answered him, "Yes, oh god, I do love having both my holes filled!"
Hearing that, he did start fucking me harder, and I felt my excitement build. He'd been at it for a couple minutes when Owen returned to the barn.
"Hey Wayne, see you're giving it to the little tramp. How do you like those titties?"
"You did a good job, Owen," he said between thrusts.
"Thanks. Hey, since I'm not big on waiting," Owen said, "mind if I use this whore's mouth before I screw her?"
Apparently that was ok with Wayne, because Owen immediately dropped his pants, pulled down his underwear and stuck his dick in my face, saying, "Lick my balls, bitch."
His cock was medium-hard, and up close I could smell that he'd worked hard today. I wrinkled my nose, but began licking them. Having a guy make me lick his sweaty balls made me feel like a total slut, and between that feeling and Wayne's cock in my pussy, the excitement was getting me close.
After I'd tongued his balls really well, his cock had become fully hard, so he gave me his next command, "Suck it, bitch."
I opened my mouth and let him put his cock in it, and began to suck him. Having two guys using my mouth and my pussy at the same time always turned me on, and it didn't take long before I yelled on his dick as I shuddered with an orgasm.
"Oh, man, Wayne, I think you just got this bitch off!" Owen yelled.
Wayne replied, "Uh, yeah, I know. Felt her cunt get nice and tight!"
"Hey bitch," Owen said, smacking my cheek, "Doesn't mean you can stop sucking me!"
That slap distracted me, and got me even hotter. I tried to focus, and resumed my rhythmic licking and sucking of his dick.
"Oh, yeah, almost forgot my promise," he said. He reached down and gave one of my swollen tits a light squeeze. I screamed on his cock, coming very close to biting him! I shuddered at the thought of his reaction if I did, and prepared myself. I was glad I did because his next squeeze was a hard one. He did the same to my other tit, the pain bringing tears to my eyes for a moment.
I couldn't believe that after all this, Wayne hadn't finished, but apparently he had plenty of control. More than Owen, who despite his intentions of fucking my pussy, gave a load groan and squirted his cum against the back of my throat, causing me to gag a little. I began swallowing as more cum pulsed into my mouth. Other than my initial bit of gagging, I managed to swallow it all before he took his cock out of my mouth.
"Damnit, bitch," he swore, "Wanted to get some of your pussy tonight!" He reached down and gave my nipple a hard flick with his finger, making me cry out.
"Sorry for sucking your dick so well?" I said, causing him to glare at me and flick the other nipple even harder. He pulled his pants up, walked over to a chair and watched Wayne as he continued to fuck me.
I felt a sudden stab of pain in my ass, as Wayne gave the protruding carrot a hard twist. "Ow, goddammit you asshole!" I yelled. I guess I can sort of see why guys like a gag in my mouth most of the time.
All that got me was another twist, and another surge of pain, but I guess that twist got Wayne where he needed to go. As soon as the flare of pain from that second twist faded, he reached his orgasm, pumping more cum into my well-used but still very excited pussy.
He went over and sat next to Owen. By this point there were two more guys waiting to fuck me, so Wayne and Owen got to sit there and watch the show.
The first of those two guys had just finished when Wayne said to Owen, "Hey, her titties are just starting to look a little purple. You tied them up pretty tight, I think. Probably time to untie them."
"Oh, she can take it," said Owen. He got up and used his finger to "thump" my very taught tit like you'd check a piece of fruit at the grocery store, making me gasp. "See, these melons ain't even ripe yet," he chortled, thumping my round tit a second time.
"She's just like a rented tractor, Owen. You know we get charged for any damage to the equipment while we're using it," Wayne said.
Owen argued, "But we don't have to pay for normal wear-and-tear! I think purple titties are normal for a cunt like her!"
Wayne just shook his head and pointed at my tits, causing Owen to sigh, and slowly walk over to the bench.
As you can imagine, their exchange had gotten me even hotter than I was already. Guys talking about me like I'm just an object they are playing with, and paying for, is one of my favorite things about these parties!
By this time the second guy was in me and thrusting away, so my tits were more of a moving target than I'd have liked as Owen returned with a pair of wire-cutters. I closed my eyes as Owen snipped the wires from from around my breasts, but he knew what he was doing and didn't even scratch me.
I yelled as the blood rushed back into my poor tits, but I was still relieved to have the pressure of those wires gone. I was so focused on how good it was to have my tits untied, that it surprised me when the guy fucking me abruptly pulled out and came on my ass.
"Yeah, cum looks good on a whore," he said, explaining, "and it felt like your cunt already had plenty!"
I lay there feeling the cum drip down my ass for a few minutes until the last farmhand showed up, anxious for his turn with me.
This guy was short, but strong-looking, like most of the guys had been. I guess there's not much sitting around on a farm! The guy who'd worn his hat while he had me asked she short guy if he wanted a box to stand on so he could reach my pussy. The guy responded by flipped him off, causing them all to laugh.
"No, her pussy's just where I want it," he said. "And she won't be wondering if I'm 'in yet', like I bet she asked you. All she's going to be wondering is why she had to wait so long for the best cock her pussy's ever had."
This got even more laughter, at the expense of straw-hat-guy, who just looked sheepish and shook his head at the return dig.
He said, "Ok, bitch, before I introduce you to my dick, let me introduce myself - I'm Colin. I'm going to be the guy banging you in a minute. You'll be able to tell because it's going to be the first man-sized dick you've had all night."
I said, "Hi Colin, I'm Ta--"
"Hey bitch," he interrupted, "I don't need to know your name, I'm going to fuck you, not take you out for dinner and a movie."
He grinned as the other farmhands laughed. Apparently Colin made up for his stature with what passed for wit in this crowd. Fine, I thought, I can play that game too.
"Are any of your dates still awake by the time you fuck them?" I asked sweetly. "Because I think I'm going to doze off before you get around to sticking that dick in me."
That got even more laughter from the guys, and straw-hat happily crowed, "Oh man, Colin, she sure has your number!"
Colin frowned, and said, "Hey Wayne, can we shut this mouthy bitch up a little?"
Colin was a poor sport it seemed, but Wayne humored him nonetheless. He took a large orange out of a bin, and said, "A good boss tries to keep his workers happy, so I'm going to upgrade you from an apple to an orange. This batch has really thick rinds, should keep you nice and quiet."
Wayne placed it at my lips, and being a good little slut, I opened my mouth wide as he wedged it between my teeth, stretching my mouth uncomfortably wide, and he secured it with a bandanna tied tightly around my head. Even though this was, again, not an actual ball gag, I didn't worry about it being tied in my mouth - unlike the apple, no way could I accidentally bite a chunk out of this tough orange.
"Thanks Wayne," Colin said.
Colin looked at me and said, "I was going to ask if you liked your tits played with, but now I guess I'll just assume you do."
He stood in front of me, grabbed both of my dangling breasts and began to squeeze and knead them. "Oooh, these are great tits. I love it when I can pull and squeeze them as much as I want."
He began pulling them, and I moaned into the gag, his roughness with my tits both hurting and turning me on at the same time.
"Oh yeah, and pulling a bitch's nipples is fun too. Let's see how far yours stretch bitch!"
He grabbed my nipples and pulled them towards the floor, stretching my tits downward and making me squeal in pain.
"Yeah, I like you much better with something in that whore mouth of yours."
He let go of my tits, and said, "As fun as these are to play with, my cock is ready to feel your soft wet pussy around it."
He took his position behind me, and continued his play-by-play. "Oh yeah, sopping wet pussy back here, all ready for my cock. Too bad about this cum on your ass, and that little pool on your back. Not going to getthaton my hands. Guess I'll just have to entertain myself with this carrot!"
Other than Wayne, the guys had pretty much ignored the carrot plugging my ass, but now I felt Colin grab it, and slide it out a little and then back in, making me give a scream that was quieted by the gag that held my mouth open.
Colin said, "Sounds like you felt that, but I don't want you too distracted to feel my big dick stretch out your pussy."
I felt the head of his cock rub my pussy lips, and then enter me, causing me to moan in pleasure as his dick, which was indeed pretty big, filled my pussy.
"Yeah bitch, I knew you'd like it. Moan for me slut, let all these guys know how much you're enjoying having my dick up your cunt!"
Then he started thrusting in and out, and at that point I lost all control over the noises I was making. I wasn't sure exactly what he was doing differently, but something in the way he was using his cock on me felt so amazing. I didn't want to, but I gave more loud moans of pleasure with each thrust.
"You guys hear this bitch? Yeah baby, go on, keep it up, no need to be shy. We all know what a slut you are."
Wayne chuckled and said, "Oh, now youwantto hear her?" He untied the bandanna, and I opened my sore jaw as wide as I could so he could remove that orange.
Colin stopped with the head of his cock just inside me, and pushed the carrot a little deeper into my ass, then almost all the way out, and then back in again, forcing a scream from me.
"Just wanted to hear you scream without a gag in the way," he said, letting go of the carrot and thrusting his cock back into me.
He resumed fucking me with long firm strokes of his hard cock, and I had no choice about moaning loudly each time he slammed into me.
"Oh yeah, that's what a bitch sounds like when a real man is giving her what she wants," Colin growled at me. "Guess I'm keeping you awake now, eh bitch?"
The tension was building deep inside me, increasing with each of his hard strokes. He was a cocky asshole, but I couldn't resist what his dick was doing to me. I yelled, "Yes! Fuck yes! Oh damn! Fuck me! Harder! Fuck meeeee harderrrrr!"
I was so close to coming, I couldn't tell if he responded to my pleas or not, all I know is that he fucked me to a huge orgasm, and I know I yelled things as I came, but I have no idea what they were. When it was over, and I could pay attention to the world again, Colin was saying, "...felt great, eh bitch? It sure felt great to me! Nothing better than feeling a bitch's cunt get all tight as she comes."
He was still fucking me, but now my pussy was so damn sensitive from my orgasm! The feel of each thrust still felt good, but also so intense it was almost painful.
He was getting a little short of breath, but he still loved to talk. "Just about there, gonna fill you up," he panted, as his strokes became slower, but more deliberate.
He managed to yell, "Here it comes bitch", as he pushed his cock deep inside my pussy and added his load to all the ones that had already been dumped into me tonight. He stayed pressed against me for a minute, and then slowly slid his cock out. He slapped my ass, and said, "You're a smart-mouthed bitch, but you've got a damn fine pussy. You want to get it fucked by my big dick again, you just let me know bitch, and I'll be happy to take another ride."
A couple of the other guys high-fived him. I guess that they subscribed to the "it ain't bragging if you can do it" school of thought, because although hedidlike to brag about how good he was with his cock, hewasactually really really good!
Wayne said, "Beers in the kitchen boys," and the farmhands all headed out of the barn, beer apparently the new top priority since they had already satisfied their cocks with me.
He untied me, and helped me to my feet. "You did a great job tonight Tawny, all the boys seemed to really enjoy you. I'll be sure and tell your boss that you were as good as he'd promised you would be."
I said, "He's... never mind. Thanks!" I decided not to bother explaining that Eric was my "associate", not my boss. He headed off to join the beer drinking already-in-progress, leaving me alone to get dressed and leave.
Eric had been right, of course. Those guys did a hell of a job "scratching my itch" for a lot of rough sex! But, Icoulduse just a little more...
Breakfast
Tawny had slept in after her busy night, so I had started the eggs and bacon when I heard her moving around in the bedroom, planning to have them ready for her. I, of course, was also a little sleepy after last night's fun, but she'd been way busier than me. She had related how six guys had fucked her at that farm, not including the one who had come in her mouth. I know that sometimes she loses track in the heat of the moment, so it may have been more.
I'd (probably) been number seven to fuck her slutty pussy last night. Far from having her fill of sex, her parties always got her even more excited, and that excitement almost always led to us having amazing sex afterwards. The carrot they had abused her ass with had just teased her, so when it was my turn, anal sex was what she'd been craving. A craving I was only too happy to indulge!
She floated gracefully into the kitchen, hair disheveled and wearing just panties and one of my old dress shirts.
"You look absolutely beautiful," I told her, and she did.
She gave me a lazy smile and said, "I bet you say that to all the girls that beg you to fuck them in the ass."
We laughed, and she hugged me, my face buried in her long blonde hair.
"Let me get you some eggs, " I said, and she sat at the table while I made her a plate.
I joined her and said, "I thought it was interesting that you didn't correct Wayne when he assumed I was your 'boss'. Seems like on previous occasions you've been anxious to correct that impression."
She said, "Yeah, I did decide it wasn't worth trying to correct him. If he wanted to think I worked for you, let him. I mean, it's not like I'm worried how much he respects me. I think I'd made it pretty clear I wasn't worried about his respect when I let him and his whole crew gang-bang me!"
"Ok, makes sense. I know that it matters a lot to you with someone like Miki, but not so much with Wayne, eh?"
She replied, "True. Not only does Miki's respect matter more to me, but her role is different. For clients like Wayne, I think a little less respect actually plays into my goal of being treated like a slut. He's not only setting the tone for the other guys, he's also one of the guys who's using me. Miki's role is much less 'hands on' as it were."
She looked thoughtful and continued, "I don't know, might also be me becoming a little more relaxed about the whole paid-for-sex thing. I know it was my idea, but I guess I wasn't as comfortable with it on all levels as I thought." She gave a small shrug.
I nodded and considered what she'd said. You would think that her love of being treated like a literal sex object would be the hardest thing for her to accept. We both respected sex-workers, so her taking money for sex hadn't seemed like a big deal. But the crazy taboo our culture places on sex for sale is hard to shake I guess.
I changed the subject. "Let's move on to something less cerebral. It sounded like having your boobs tied with baling wire was something new!"
Her face showed a mixture of fear and fascination, and she exclaimed, "Oh my god, yes! Unlike rope, it was just so... unyielding. Being that narrow, it was a very intense sensation as it tightened around my boobs. And then, when someone would squeeze them, they'd try to expand at the base but that wire didn't budge, so it felt like it was being tightened even further."
"Wow. So, you... enjoyed it then?" I asked.
She didn't say anything, just nodded her head vigorously.
"As much as you enjoyed Colins's cock?" I teased.
Eyes wide, she answered, "No, not quite - that dude knew how to screw a girl! Babe, I know you like seeing me while I'm enjoying being fucked. So trust me, you'd have been high-fiving him along with the rest of them!"
I smiled and said, "Ok, yeah, I probably would have." All kidding aside, I do really enjoy seeing her being well-fucked, whether it's by me or by someone else. I love her, I know she loves me, so why wouldn't I be happy seeing her experiencing that kind of pleasure?
"Well," I said, "now that you've had all that sweaty farmhand sex, I hope you're in the mood for something different, because your next party certainly is. Jarrod and his RPG group want you for their gaming session this weekend."
"Oh!", said Tawny, showing the nerdy side of her that no one expects from a super-hot blonde. "I get to be part of their game this time, right?"
"Yes," I said. "Jarrod said they have at least one role for you to play, and maybe two. It all depends on how the game goes apparently, but there will be multiple guys this time around."
She'd had fun with Jarrod by himself last time, but her eyes lit up at the thought of him being joined by his friends.
"Ok, I'm looking forward to being a damsel in distress or whatever else they have planned this weekend. Hope they all bring their 'swords'," she said with a smile.