A beautiful summer morning on the lake in the house we just rented. I woke to a great view of the sunrise over the water from my bedroom window. I stood there admiring the scene in front of me wearing just a pair of boxer briefs. I was in my thirties and still in great shape. I had a smooth, toned body which my wife very much appreciated. I would also get some nice looks from most women, especially when I was shirtless. Off to the east less than 50 feet away was our friendly neighbor's home. It sat further down the hill from us, closer to the water. I could see their great deck that featured an outdoor fireplace and I had a clear view right through the bottom floor of their house to the water. They had large glass doors on the back and huge picture windows facing the water.
The couple in that house were nice people. They came to visit us right away and planned a welcome to the lake party for us that was to be hosted at their home. We hit it off well as they were laid back and enjoyed life just like my wife and I. We were well adjusted happy people. Since moving in I had joined them a few times for beers on their deck. Joe and Tammy were a good looking couple about ten years older than my wife and I. They had no kids, except their dogs. Joe was charismatic and had a great career but traveled a lot. Tammy stayed at home and was a stunning blonde bombshell with an amazing body. She was a flirt and he didn't seem to mind. That made things fun right from the start for me.
Every morning started the same way for me. My wife was usually already gone when I woke up during the week. I would get up from bed and admire the view from our bedroom window before heading to the shower. I either had on just a pair of boxer briefs, or nothing at all. Sometimes it felt good to just be naked. Although I could see right through the neighbors house I never really gave it much thought until I caught a glimpse of Tammy one morning strutting around wearing just a bathrobe. I knew she was naked underneath because the robe didn't do much to cover her from the front. To my surprise and great pleasure I was able to get a clear view of her standing in her kitchen facing my direction with the robe open and her arms over her head stretching. Her breasts were perfect. She had a well groomed maybe completely shaven vagina from what I could see, and she was definitely in great shape.
Before she could catch me looking I headed off to the shower. Besides on this particular morning I wasn't wearing any briefs and I could feel my cock start to rise. I didn't want her to see me standing nude with a boner looking like a creeper. I couldn't help but fantasize about her during the shower and for the rest of the day. I couldn't wait to go to bed that night hoping to catch another glimpse of her the next morning. My wife certainly appreciated it without even knowing. I had amazing sex with her that night right there by the window. Yes, I fantasized that my wife was the neighbor. Both of them are beautiful blonde bombshells. Slight differences being that the neighbor was older, she had slightly larger perfectly shaped breasts (surgically enhanced) and was the forbidden fruit. That forbidden part is always arousing - so the fantasy was in play.
To my delight, like clockwork - there she was the next morning. I was a little nervous at first when I saw her. This time I was sure to wear my boxer briefs. I was worried that she would catch me looking and maybe would be less than impressed. To my delight, she once again stood in front of the glass door facing me and reached her arms back over her head to stretch. Doing this opened up her robe fully exposing her hot body to me. I stood there numb just staring. I felt my cock start to grow harder in my briefs as I watched her.
Things got more interesting as the days passed. I swore she knew I was watching. We never talked about it when we visited, but I felt some sexual tension between us. I also thought I could see her glance up once in a while.
Several days passed until "that day" when it became clear she knew I was there and that she enjoyed it. Same routine, except on "that day" she stunned me. I watched as she stretched as usual, then let her robe fall to the floor. She was now completely naked and stood there for a moment giving me a full unobstructed frontal view. Moments later she turned around giving me a look at her backside featuring her bare and incredibly firm heart shaped ass. She bent over with her legs spread apart placing her hands on the floor. She grabbed her ankles then slid her hands up the back of her legs as she stood back up. I watched as she arched her back and leaned forward a bit, spreading her ass wide to expose her pink pussy and tight anus. This had to be intentional. My cock was rock hard and couldn't take my eyes off her. She turned around and looked right at me with a seductive smile, making sure we made eye contact.
I saw her look me over, up and down then her smile changed to a pout. There was an awkward moment before I realized what she wanted. The old I'll show you mine if you show me yours routine. I slid my underwear off exposing my swollen penis. A big smile returned to her pretty face and she stared directly at my stiff cock. I saw her lick her lips. She even placed a few fingers into her mouth as if she were pretending to suck on my dick. My erection grew even harder and larger which seemed to delight her. One of her hands was between her legs and she was rubbing her pussy. A few moments later she blew me a kiss then turned and slowly walked away. I watched as her ass cheeks did "that thing" and she disappeared from my sight.
I was incredibly aroused and just stood there as if in a trance for a few minutes before heading into the shower. Yes, I masturbated thinking about her. I spent the whole day with a semi or fully erect penis as I could not stop thinking about what had transpired. I left work early. On my way home I felt butterflies. I knew her husband was away, and my wife wasn't expected home until much later. I was a little nervous to face her, but I had to. There were no expectations of sex, I was just excited to get our little morning routine out in the open. It felt like it was the right time to acknowledge our little secret ritual with each other face to face.
Making my way down the path to the neighbors house with a 12 pack of beer I caught a glimpse of my lovely neighbor Tammy wearing a bikini under a transparent silky gown. Music was playing and she was holding a drink in one hand and a cigarette in the other. "Damn," I think to myself. "She is so fucking hot. How lucky is her husband? How lucky am I for that matter?" She saw me approaching and welcomed me with a huge smile, putting her arms in the air.
"Hey neighbor," she called out. "Very happy to see you."
She set down her drink and placed the butt in an ashtray so she could give me a big hug. As she pressed against me I could feel my cock start to grow. She held me tight and I felt that her skin was hot and her nipples were hard. She put one of my legs between hers as we embraced. Her leg touched my growing cock and I heard her let out a quiet moan. She pushed her leg harder against my cock. My leg was between hers and I pulled her even closer so I could feel her pussy lips. They were hot as hell. I thought I could feel a wet spot forming. She was surely aroused. I placed my hands on the small of her back just above her ass and kissed her ear. She put both of her hands on the back of my head and pulled me in for a kiss on the lips.
Our embrace lasted just a few moments but it felt like time stopped. Her lips on mine felt so good. Her tongue and mine entwined made me more aroused than I could have ever imagined in my fantasies. When we pulled ourselves away from one another for a breath I let my hands gently slide down over her tight hot ass. She slid her hands down my chest to the base of my t-shirt and pulled it off over my head. I felt her hands slide across my chest down to my bare belly. She guided both of her hands just under the waistband of my shorts. I could feel the tip of my cock touching some of her fingers which made me tingle.
"Do you have any idea how much I look forward to waking up each morning seeing you standing in the window?" she asked me. "You are so sexy, especially when you are completely naked."
"Probably not as much as I look forward to seeing your sexy body," I said.
We laughed and embraced again. Our lips met and our tongues followed. We kissed more passionately as if we were long time lovers. I felt confident. I placed my hands directly on her ass and slid them towards her pussy with a firm grip. I kept moving them closer until I could feel her pussy lips under the bikini bottoms. She adjusted herself a bit, encouraging me to slide my fingers under the bikini and direclty over her bare puffy hot lips and into her wet vagina. She grinded against my hand letting two of my fingers slide deep inside of her and she moaned. With my other hand I slid her bikini to one side giving me clear access to her pussy. She arched her back and did not resist as I began fingering her hot wet pussy from behind.
"Let's go inside," she said. "I want to show you something. Follow me upstairs"
The entire second floor appeared to be the master suite. Once there she guided me to a window that faces my house.
"What do you see?" she asked.
I took a long look, not quite sure what she wanted me to see.
"You know our morning ritual," she said. "Well, at night, if you stand in front of that window, which I believe is in your den, you can get a pretty clear view of my bed. I sleep naked, and don't usually cover myself with a sheet or blanket."
"Okay," I said. "Never noticed that. Thanks for pointing it out."
"If you have a chance to do so I can guarantee you will get a show on most nights. I have been known to play with myself when I am all alone," she says with a pouty look. "Is that something you would enjoy watching?"
"Are you kidding?" I said, "Wish I had noticed that view sooner."
"You know," she said. "There's another view you should be aware of from down here."
She guided me back downstairs to a pantry with a small window I never even noticed before. Looking though you could see directly into my bathroom with a clear view of the shower.
"In the mornings after our rendezvous," she said, "I race here to watch you shower. I stand here and masturbate and fantasize about being in the shower with you. Maybe you can leave the shower curtain open for me on occasion?"
"As long as you keep giving me the best view on the lake each morning," I said, "I'll do anything you ask."
"Anything?" she asked.
"Yes, Tammy. Anything." I said, "as a matter of fact why don't you just come on over and join me one of these mornings instead of fantasizing about it?"
She smiled and told me to follow her back upstairs. Once in the bedroom she stood next to her bed facing me and removed her bikini top and bottom. She laid back on the bed and spread her legs. She rubbed her breasts, pinched her hard nipples and then slid her hands down to her inner thighs. She placed fingers on either side of her vagina, pulling her pussy lips apart.
"Will you get on your knees and lick my pussy?" she asked.
With no hesitation I got between her legs on my knees and placed my hands on her thighs. I leaned forward and put my mouth over her hot pussy. I kissed her clit and teased it with my tongue. I gently slid my mouth over her puffy lips before darting my tongue into her hot pussy. I moved my hands to her vagina and spread her wide as I dove in further. My face became covered with her juice as I licked and sucked her pussy madly giving her a quick orgasm. Eating her pussy made me super hard. My cock was strained under my shorts. I stood up and pulled them down for relief. As my cock sprung forward I heard her moan what sounded like "yum."
"Put that cock in me." she said. "Please."
I grabbed her ankles and lifted her legs into the air placing them over my shoulders. I grabbed the base of my cock and pressed the tip of it on her pussy lips. I then slid my entire shaft back and forth making it wet from her juice. I rubbed my cockhead over her clit a few times then slid it into her just a bit to tease her. I pulled out and pushed back in a little bit further each time until my entire cock was finally and completely buried inside her hot wet pussy. She was amazingly tight and it took a minute for me to get in all the way without causing her any discomfort.
"Yes," she groaned. "Your cock is so hot and hard. It feels so good, so deep. Fuck me baby. Give it to me."
Now that my cock was in the whole way I began to thrust with more pace. My balls started slapping against her as I drove my cock deep into her hot pussy over and over, again and again. My cock swelled and her pussy tightened around it. She started to moan loudly as I drove my cock in and out of her harder and faster. This went on for a while and I kept changing pace to keep her on edge. I reached down and placed my hand around her neck just a little. She moaned loudly which told me to tighten my grip. I started choking her, then giving her air. I did it a few times which definitely excited her.
"Oh my God," she screamed. "Oh shit. I'm going to cum."
Tammy's body quivered and she squirmed on the bed beneath me as I held her down and continued to shove my cock in and out of her throbbing pussy. I felt her pussy lips tighten around my cock as she started to scream with pleasure in some incomprehensible sex language. She arched her back, her entire body stiffened and I felt her pussy lips clamp down on my cock forcing me to stop thrusting for a second. Then her pussy exploded with hot juices. She started shaking uncontrollably as her vagina squirted everywhere lubricating her pussy allowing me to continue ramming my cock in and out of her until she went completely limp and began to whimper.
Her body continued to quiver as I slowed my thrusts to control her orgasm, making it last much longer than either one of us expected. I wanted to cum. I needed to explode. But, I held back wanting to completely finish her off before feeding her my seed. Eventually the throbbing of her pussy started to subside and I pulled my rock hard cock from her vagina. I rubbed it over her pussy lips and clit one last time before pulling her off the bed.
"I want to cum in your mouth Tammy," I said. "Get on your knees for me baby. Please."
She smiled and moaned hungrily as she got on her knees in front of me. She opened her mouth wide and closed her eyes. I slid my swollen cock into her hot mouth as far as it would go. I could feel the back of her mouth then her throat. She gagged a little but it didn't stop me. It was clear she had done this before, many times.
An experienced cock sucker for sure. I felt her throat muscles loosen as my cock slid deeper into her mouth. I started slowly at first. After several strokes I grabbed her head and started grinding my cock with more force in and out of her mouth. She moaned louder the rougher I got with her. This encouraged me. I grabbed her hair and started forcing her head towards me as I thrusted my cock as far as it would go into her mouth, smashing her face against my pelvis. I was face fucking this incredibly hot woman like a porn star and she loved it.
I pulled out for a second and rubbed my cock over her face and across her lips. She looked up to me and moaned softly while breathing heavily. She then licked my shaft and kissed the head of my cock.
"Oh yes, baby." she said. "Your cock feels so good in my mouth. I want your cum."
She wrapped one hand on the base of my cock and placed my balls in her mouth gently. She stroked my cock then put it back into her hot mouth as deep as it would go. She pulled it out and looked up at me seductively again.
"Fuck my mouth again" she says. "I'm yours. I'm your little cum slut."
With both hands on her head I began fucking her mouth again. Faster, deeper and harder until I felt my balls tighten and my cock started to throb. It didn't take long for me to explode, and when I did it was crazy. I shot the first few loads of hot cum down her throat making her cough and gag a bit. I pulled out just enough to shoot my next few loads directly on her tongue which filled her mouth. Some of my hot semen oozed out over her pretty lips and down her chin. Seeing my cum land on her perfect breasts made me decide to pull out further and shoot the next blasts on her face and chest.
I slid my cock back into her mouth to unload the last few bursts of cum until my orgasm was over and my cock began to soften. She kept sucking and stroking me to the very end swallowing every drop of cum she could. She rubbed my semen from her chest and face and licked her fingers clean, moaning all the time.
"You taste so fucking good," she said. "I love doing this with you. I will give you a blowjob any time you want. Period."
Jokingly I asked, "even if your husband is home?"
"Any time," she said. "I know he wouldn't mind. Actually, I bet he would enjoy it."
She smiled and we laughed together. We laid there on her bed and talked about how amazing the whole experience was for both of us. Agreeing to do it again we made plans to meet up the following day. I decided to stay home from work for that.
We continued to talk sex and discussed some of our fantasies, including the idea of involving our spouses if the opportunity presented itself. Maybe not both at the same time at first. She had no problem doing bisexual things with my wife - and my wife and I had some experience with that. As far as bisex between her husband and I, it was a go or no go for me depending on the situation. She felt that he would be more than into it. She told me he liked her to finger his ass during sex, which she said was ironic because he would never do her anally.
"You should have told me you were deprived," I said. "Next time I will slide my cock right into that tight hot ass of yours."
I followed that up by admitting that I had fantasies about having a man's cock in my mouth (especially sharing it with another woman.) But told her that I was too uncomfortable to introduce that side of my sex life to my wife at that time. She agreed that it might be too much for her husband also if there was another woman involved anyway. She said he would be more likely to let me fuck him in the ass if it was just the three of us. And, most likely we could take turns sharing cocks orally.
But that story will be continued in Part 2.