Author's note: this is fun little idea I had about a couple of months ago, but I did the majority of writing only in the past week. Hope you enjoy this refreshing change of pace and palette before I jump into my next long story. My muse this time around was the stunning Hailey Wingit. Hope you enjoy reading this as much as I enjoyed writing.
All characters in this story are above eighteen years of age.

***

Thud
Mister Carter barely looked up from his newspaper as his daughter pulled the door shut. Wade stood outside, looking down at his hand. He had been about to close the door after Nicole had got in, when she had snatched it and roughly pulled it close by herself. She seemed in a bit of a huff, which was confirmed when Wade got into the driver's seat and looked in the mirror. Nicole was staring daggers at her father. But Mister Carter was too busy perusing the headlines to even notice. Wade adjusted his chauffeur's cap and pressed the "Start" button on the dash. A light hum that reverberated through the cabin was the only sign that the four-and-a-half litre engine had come to life under the hood. Wade checked his mirrors before smoothly pulling out of the driveway.
They hadn't even made it a dozen feet when the passenger seatbelt warning flashed on the instruments. Wade cleared his throat.
"Ma'am would you please put your seatbelt on?", he requested, slowing the car down.
Nicole either didn't hear him, or didn't care. She already had her earphones in her ears, and was staring pointedly out of the window.
"Ma'am?"
Wade brought the car to a stop. This stirred Mister Carter.
"Nicole, put your seat belt on.", he said from behind his newspaper.
His daughter still did not respond. Instead, she turned up the volume of whatever track she was listening to. Wade heard a tinny, pop chorus coming from her earphones. Mister Carter wasn't having any of it.
"Nicole!"
"WHAT!" Nicole yelled back.
"Put yourfuckingseat belt on this second!"
"FUCK. YOU."
In response, her father rolled up his newspaper and whacked her across the temple. It was clear that Nicole was more shocked than hurt.
"Wha-" she stammered
"I'm not taking any more lip from you this morning. Now settle down and put thedamnseat belt on!"
When Nicole still didn't move, Mister Carter reached across and sharply pulled the seat belt from its holster above her shoulder, snapping it into place in its lock.
"Happy, Wade?" he said, looking at the driver through the rear-view mirror. Wade cleared his throat.
"Yes Mister Carter."
"Good, nowtriple-timeit to the office."
"The office first, sir?" Wade said, raising his eyebrows.
"Yes,Wade." His client replied testily. "I already lost half an hour this morning cuz of this brat. She can afford to miss a class, not that she ever goes to one. Nineteen years old and still in high school..."
Nicole, who had gone back to staring out the window, blew some stray locks of hair off her face. She didn't respond. Mister Carter scowled.
"Now, if you're done with the dumb questions..."
Wade, understanding the urgency, got on the road as quickly as he could without pulling rubber off the tyres on the driveway. Mister Carter's office was thirty minutes away, more than double the distance from Nicole's school. The back of the car was silent the whole way. When they got to the office entrance, Mister Carter didn't wait for the car to stop moving before pushing the back door open. He was already a couple of steps into a power-walk towards the revolving doors at the front when Wade brought the car to rest. Nicole leaned across the back seat, throwing a dirty look at him. She spat at his retreating figure. Her spit landed on the closed window, spattering across the inside of the glass.
"Slimy piece of shit".
Wade sighed, knowing he was gonna be the one to clean it up later. He pulled out of the building's driveway, and turned the car back the way they had come. He noted that the traffic had gotten worse in the past five minutes. Rows of cars stretched out across both lanes.
"Sorry Miss, looks like we'll be a little late this morning." Wade said.
"Uh-huh" Nicole replied, not looking up from her phone.
For the next ten minutes, Wade weaved through traffic, picking off cars, sliding expertly into gaps, pressing his advantage. Before they turned onto the main expressway to take them out of the city centre and into the suburbs, Nicole tapped him on the shoulder.
"Can we take a left up ahead, Wade? I need to pick up a friend of mine."
"Sure"
The car turned into an avenue overlooking the park. This was the billionaire's row, old money kind. High-rises with sedate facades from the nineteenth century lined the avenue. At this hour, elderly people wearing Versace track suits strolled along the building side of the avenue. A couple of them were walking dogs which looked to be expensive, foreign breeds. It was a relatively quiet part of town. On the park side of the avenue, however, there was a lot more activity. Runners cut past the throngs of people who had turned up for their morning constitutional at the park. A couple of street food vendors sold coffee and breakfast snacks. Not a few people sat on benches, looking up at the buildings across the street. From one of which emerged Nicole's friend.
He wasn't wearing a school uniform, rather he was dressed in a peach pullover and slim-fitting black joggers. Wade pulled up to the kerb and stopped the car. He was about to step out to open the door for the boy when Nicole unsnapped her seatbelt and slid across the back seat, opening the door herself.
"Hey!" she called out cheerily as the boy walked up.
"Hey" he replied. He had a half-smirk on his face. A mop of black hair fell across his temple. He had a gold chain which hung from his neck on top of the pullover's collar. Nicole slid back to let him get in. As he got in the car, he glanced at Wade.
"Hey man."
Wade had to restrain himself from frowning. The kid closed the door behind him, and dumped his bag unceremoniously at his feet. He turned back to Nicole.
"How you doin'?"
"I'm doingsomuch better now" Nicole said, fawning.
"Yeah, why's that?"
"Youknowwhy"
"Idon'tknow why"
"Yes youdo"
"I wanna hear you say it"
"I'm not gonna say it."
The boy leaned closer to Nicole.
"Say it."
"Not gonna."
He smirked and put his face less than an inch away from Nicole's. She was grinning, glancing back and forth between his lips and his eyes.
"You sure?" The boy whispered.
Nicole stared at him for another long moment before grabbing his collar and pulling him in for a kiss. The couple made out in the back seat, with the boy's hands roaming all over Nicole's back, and Nicole's arms wrapped around the back of his neck. Nicole grunted and moaned in his mouth. Within moments, their breathing had intensified, as if they'd been making out for an hour already. The boy leaned over Nicole, pressing her back into the car door. Nicole slid her ass down the seat. Her uniform skirt rode up her thighs, exposing her smooth, creamy flesh. The boy pulled his hands from behind her back, sliding them down to her waist and her bared thigh. Wade felt his collar getting tight around his neck. He shifted in his seat and cleared his throat. The couple in the back broke their kiss.
"Should we get going, ma'am?"
"yeah..." Nicole said, gazing up at her partner with a dreamy expression on her face. The boy straightened up as Wade hit the accelerator. His hand left Nicole's thigh and he pulled her up from her semi-prone position. As the car picked up speed, the seat belt alarm went off again. The couple in the back were too busy staring at each other to notice, however. Wade, with a couple taps on the touchscreen, turned the alarm temporarily off. This wasn't the first time he'd had a couple getting hot and heavy in the back of his car. However, unlike the usual clientele who were older and had far younger companions with them, the two in the backseat right now were both young, energetic and hot-blooded.
Nicole made no attempt to smooth her skirt down. She took the boys hand in hers.
"Oh Jase I missed you so much..."
In response, Jase kissed the back of Nicole's hand.
"I missed you too, Nicky."
Nicole pulled his hand up and placed it on her chest, palm lying flat against her skin. Wade realised only then that Nicole had undone her top couple of buttons of her shirt, and that Jase's hand was pressed squarely into the valley between the teenage girl's D-cup tits.
"Look how excited you made me just then" she purred, her other hands stroking the boy's chin. "Can you feel my heartbeat?"
"I can feel a lot of things, babe" Jase smirked. "So uhh..." he lowered his voice to a whisper. "Who's the new guy?"
He wasn't being particularly discreet, however, as Wade could still hear the conversation behind him.
"That's Wade. He's the new driver." Nicole whispered back. "He started after you left for your Europe trip. Speaking of which..." she leaned back into the seat, arching her back so that he tits stuck out, threatening to pop another button on her shirt.
"I'm wearing the lingerie you sent me from there."
"Mmm I can see that..." Jase grunted. His fingers ran over the seams of the lacy yellow number which was doing a heroic job of containing the young girl's tits. "Just the top or the whole set?"
"I wanted to wear the whole set, but thenI knowhow you get about me wearing panties when I'm out with you..." Nicole grinned at him.
"Good girl."
Jase leaned in and they kissed again. Jase's hands roamed over Nicole's breasts, cupping and squeezing them. The teenager moaned into his mouth. From the wet sounds, Wade could tell they had their tongues in each other's mouths. Nicole's hands rubbed the boy's thick arms and chest, before pushing him back.
"Did you get... the other thing for me?" she asked him.
"What other thing?" Jase asked, teasingly brushing his lips against hers. His fingers tugged at the front of Nicole's bra, trying to pull it down.
"Thething, baby"
"What thing?" Jase asked, grinning.
"The thing you promised you'd get me."
"You're gonna have to jog my memory, babe."
Nicole grinned and their mouths came together again. They separated after another minute of not-so-indiscreetly making out. Nicole glanced at the rear-view mirror, only finding Wade's opaque driver's gradient sunglasses staring back at her.
"You seriously don't remember?"
"Say it."
Nicole stared into Jase's face with narrowed eyes. Jase looked right back at her with an inscrutable expression on his face. After a couple of moments, she sighed, and glanced again at the rear-view mirror.
"The plug." She whispered.
Jase screwed his face up into a ponderous expression. His hand stopped groping Nicole's tits and reached under the collar of his pullover. He pulled out what looked like a big pendant, hung on another chain around his neck. He held it up in front of Nicole's face.
"You mean this?"
Nicole's expression changed from dreamy to ecstatic in an instant.
"You remembered!" she exclaimed. Jase nodded, grinning. He turned the object around in his hands. Something red glittered in the light coming in through the sun door above their heads. Jase detached it from his chain and Nicole tentatively took it into her hands.
"It's socute!" she marvelled at it for a couple of moments. Then she looked up at Jase. "Were youliterallywearing it around your neck?
"I was just warming it up for you babe"
"Aww!" Nicole screwed up her face and pulled Jase in for another long, wet kiss. Then she abruptly pushed him back again.
"Wait, what do you meanwarming it up?" she said, right before an expression of realisation dawned on her face.
"Jason, you don't mean you want me to-" she broke off mid-sentence.
Jason just smirked and nodded, a devilish expression on his face.
"Right now?"
He nodded again.
"Rightnownow?Here?"
"No time like the present, babe."
Nicole looked too stunned to speak. She pondered the object in her hand, and Wade realised just then what it was. It was an anal plug! It was chrome-coloured, about an inch from the tip to the flared base, followed by a small handle which was adorned by a ruby crystal.
"What's wrong? You told me you've done this before." Jase egged her on.
"Yeah... of course!" Nicole said quickly, her eyes never leaving the plug. "But uhh... not in the back seat of a car. It's too cramped." She patted the upholstery on the roof. "I need to be comfortable."
Jase wrapped his hand around her fingers holding the plug.
"Alright, then let's get comfortable."
The boy leaned in and planted his lips on her mouth. He pulled of his legs under him so that his knee was jammed between Nicole's legs, pointing towards her crotch. With his other hand he pushed her shoulder until she was lying flat on the back seat. Jase easily worked his tongue into her mouth, before pulling back and leaving a trail of kisses down the side of her jaw and neck. Nicole squirmed and moaned.
"Mmmmmhhh baby..."
His lips remained planted on her neck as Jase manoeuvred one of her legs on the seat, pinning it between his knee and the seat back. Her other leg hung off the seat bench. Jason slid his hand down her side and began stroking the outside of her thigh. His fingers crept under the hem of her skirt.
"Jase, what are you... ohhhhh!"
Nicole moaned wantonly as Jase's head dipped down to her chest. He took one of her breasts in his mouth, kissing and sucking on the mound through the lacy fabric. Nicole arched her back, pushing her chest into his face. Jase's hand was fully up her skirt by now, grabbing the side of her hip. Once again, her nubile flesh was laid bare. The fabric lay bunched up over her crotch, the hem hovering precariously over her sex.
In the driver's seat, Wade found himself getting hard. Even though he had seen plenty of skin in his lifetime, both inside and outside the car, the scene unfolding in his rear-view mirror sent a thrill down his spine and up his cock. They were now on the expressway heading out of the city centre, going 70 miles per hour. Multiple cars passed them by in the fast lane next to the car. Wade however, hit cruise control and kept his hand on the steering wheel, and eyes on the mirror.
Jase slid off the seat, kneeling on the car floor. With his teeth he grabbed the bridge holding the cups together and growled. Nicole looked at him apprehensively. He reached up and pulled the bra-straps off her shoulders. Jase growled again, more animalistic this time, and Nicole must've realised what he was about to do because her eyes shot to the rear-view mirror.
"Jase, wait-"
Jase jerked his head down, pulling the bridge, and the whole front of the bra, down with it. The cups, unrestrained by the shoulder straps, slid down her chest, freeing her twin Ds.
"Jase!" she blurted out, in shock. Her hands immediately went to cover up her tits. "You're gonna get us in trouble!"
"With whom?"
"My dad!"
"And who's gonna tell him?"
This time, Jase's eyes followed Nicole's to the rear-view mirror.
"Nah." Jase said, looking at Wade's aviator-covered eyes. "He's cool." His smirk never left his face.
Wade gulped and kept driving. Jase was right, if there had ever been a moment to stop the couple in their back-seat antics, it was far behind them now, past the horizon. Right now, Wade's only job was to drive Nicole to her school. Who she picked up, or liaised with, along the way was not his concern. Besides, it was company policy to never take client secrets outside the car, be they conversations or otherwise. However, Wade knew he was going to take the memory of Nicole lying on the leather backseat, with her skirt hiked up and tits spilling out, alongway even after his shift was over.
Jase turned back to Nicole.
"See? He's cool." He placed his hands on top of hers, pulling them away from her chest. When Nicole resisted, he leaned in.
"Nicky, I've been waiting a long time to see you too.Allof you."
He kissed her forehead. Nicole bit her lip and relaxed a little, letting one of her hands fall away, but the other reached across to keep both her tits covered still.
"When I was in Italy, I was surrounded by hot girls every day. But I only thought of you."
Jase kissed the back of her free hand, before pulling it down to his crotch.
"Can't you see how excited I am to be with you?"
Nicole gulped.
"Is that... for me?"
Jase nodded. Wade couldn't see it from his angle, but he guessed Nicole was rubbing Jase's cock through his joggers.
"It's so... big. And warm."
"You make me so fucking horny." Jase whispered. He tugged at Nicole's hand again, and this time she let go. The twin mounds rolled slightly to each side, now sitting unrestrained on her chest. Jase smiled and kissed, cupping and squeezing her tits without the hindrance of a bra this time. Once again, Nicole arched her back, moaning when Jase pinched and rolled her nipples between his fingers. Jase other hand roamed under her skirt, grunting as his fingers explored her shaved mound. Twice, he made Nicole squirm and thrash her legs on the seat, when his fingertips brushed her sensitive nub. When they separated, panting, Jase held up the anal plug in front of her face.
"You ready for this?"
Nicole nodded, tentatively.
"Kiss it for me."
Nicole reached up and kissed the chrome tip of the plug.
"Kiss it again, like this."
Jase took the plug between his lips, sucking and licking on it as if it were a strawberry. When he pulled it out of his mouth, it glistened wet. He held it up to Nicole's mouth, and she took it in, flicking her tongue around it, lathering it in her saliva.
"Good girl." Jase said, patting her cheek. He then shifted his weight, sitting back on his haunches as his focus moved between Nicole's legs. He raised the hem of her skirt up, past her waist. Wade's vision of the teenager's bare sex was half obscured by the seat backs, but he could picture in his mind what Jase was seeing. In the back seat, Jase gazed upon Nicole's hairless pussy, her lips pink and glistening with her juices. He dipped his head, pressing his nose into her mound.
"I can't wait to get a taste of this." He murmured against her skin. "But let's get this out of the way first."
He placed the plug at her rear entrance. Jase then looked into Nicole's eyes.
"Breathe for me. Take a deep breath in."
Nicole nodded and inhaled.
"Now let it out slowly."
The teenager exhaled.
"That's it. Take another deep breath."
Nicole inhaled, for longer this time.
"Hold it in. Now exhale, as slowly as you can."
Nicole's tummy relaxed as she let out her breath.
"Goodgirl. Another deep breath in, and hold it for as long as you can."
Wade, despite himself, found himself holding his breath in sync with Nicole. He seamlessly slipped into the expressway exit. In the backseat, Nicole let out her breath.
"Jase..." she whined.
"You're doing great Nicky, take another deep breath in."
Nicole closed her eyes and inhaled for the longest that she had till now. The next instant her eyes flew open and her hands clamped down on Jase's forearm.
"Jason!"
"Relax now! Keep breathing!"
But Nicole did not close her eyes. Instead of looking at Jason, she looked directly in the rear-view mirror, into Wade's aviator-covered eyes. Wade had come to a stop at the lights on the ramp exit intersection, and now he stared into Nicole's big brown eyes as the teen tried to relax and accept the plug that Jason was pushing into her body. Her hands gripped Jason's forearms, and her mouth hung open. Her lips puckered and let out a mewling whine.
"That's it, all done." Jase remarked, finally. Nicole breathed out, still looking into Wade's eyes. The lights had turned green but Wade was enraptured by Nicole's face in the rear-view mirror. A sharp blast of the horn sounded from the car behind them, and Wade broke out of his trance. He stepped on the pedal, manoeuvring the car deftly across the intersection. When he looked back in the rear view mirror, he saw Nicole grin at him, before turning her gaze back to Jason. In that moment, Wade realisedshe knew. She knew he had been watching him at the lights.
Fuck
Wade's jaw clenched. What if Nicole told her dad? He'd be off the detail, if not off the job. Nicole wasn't going to get in trouble, the clients never did. It was Wade's ass on the line.
In the back seat, Jason was stroking Nicole's hair
"Is it cold?"
Nicole shook her head no, but she was clearly concentrating on the sensation.
"How does it feel?"
"Full. Like it wants to come out but also stay in."
"So?"
"So what?"
"Do you like it?"
Nicole hesitated, looking uncertain, but then she beamed.
"Ifuckinglove it baby."
Jason bent over and clamped his mouth over Nicole's. The couple hungrily made out for the next couple of moments.
"I want you." Nicole said, as they parted lips.
"I want you too, Nicky."
"No, Jase" Nicole said, stroking the boy's chin. "Iwantyou."
Jason straightened up.
"Now?"
"Yes, now."
It was Jason's turn to glance back at Wade.
"Yousure?" Jason whispered, although with everything that had happened in the back of the car in the past fifteen minutes, there was no point to keeping quiet anymore.
Nicole didn't reply, instead she pushed Jason back and sat upright in the seat. She pulled Jason back onto the seat bench, and swung a thick, creamy leg over his thighs, straddling his lap.
"Pull it out" she commanded the boy, her voice low and determined. Wade heard the sound of a belt being unbuckled and a zipper being pulled down. They were now less than a dozen blocks away from the school. He gulped, watching the cars around him in the side rear view mirrors. It was good that the car's rear windows were tinted black-out, otherwise what was about to happen would've raised more than a few eyebrows in the school parking lot.
"Nicky, aren't we awfully close to your school?" Jason stammered; his voice still unsure.
"We've got three minutes." Nicole replied. "Isn't that right, Wade?"
It was the first time that Nicole had addressed Wade since Jason had gotten into the car. Wade was taken aback by the teen's brazen tone, but he composed himself.
"Yes, Miss Carter."
"That should be enough." Nicky replied. "Here, I'll make this easy for you baby." She said, reaching down and grabbing Jason's throbbing cock, and positioning the tip at her entrance. She pushed her bare tits in the boy's face, smothering him with her creamy flesh, right before she sank down on his meat. Jason and Nicole both moaned in unison.
With her knees firmly clamped by the side of Jason's hips, she first began to grind, then bounce on the boy's cock. Her hands grabbed his shoulders right by the sides of his neck, and with the additional leverage she started going to town on him. Sounds of flesh smacking interspersed with their moans.
Wade tried to keep his eyes on the road and the other cars around him, but his concentration had gone out the window a long while ago.
This is fucking insane!
He had a schoolgirl fucking a guy in the back seat of his company car, and they were right barrelling down the road in the heart of the school district! In the oncoming lane, he spotted several SUVs and cars pass him by, on their way back from the morning school run. Beads of sweat broke out on his forehead. If someone caught them now, his career was over. Momentarily, he pondered turning the car back around. Two things stopped him - the first being that there was no u-turn lane until all the way past the school, and the second being the fact that if he missed the drop-off, Nicole's father would be notified by the school authorities. Wade would still be out of a job before lunchtime. Wade blinked, trying to keep the sweat out of his eyes. His face was flushed warm, and his heart pounded in his chest. Six blocks to go before the school.
In the back seat, Nicole and Jason had gotten much louder.
"Mmh mmh mmh yeah yeah yeahfuckyeah baby" Nicole moaned, in time with Jason's thrusts. "Give it to me!"
Her back was arched, and Wade could clearly see Jason's veiny member slipping in and out of her tight little snatch. Nicole let go of one of Jason's shoulders, and reaching back, pulled up the back of her skirt. The ruby base of her butt plug gleamed in the sunlight coming from the roof of the car. Nicole was clearly trying to tease Wade, because Jason would never have been able to see the perverted sight of Nicole's ass, her cheeks rippling with each smack of their groins, her puckered asshole clenching around the base of the butt plug. No, Jason had two other things on his mind, two warm and weighty things.
"Yes yes yes yesyes!" Nicole yelped. "This is so fucking hot!"
Wade pulled into the last lane, preparing for his turn. The car zoomed silently past an intersection. Two more intersections to go before the turn-in into the school precinct.
In the back seat, Jason was giving it his all. He had slid his hips up the seat bench for better leverage. No longer a passive participant, he had his hands on Nicole's hips, slamming her down on his cock hard and fast. The couple's breathing had grown ragged. Nicole's head hung low, her chin on her chest as she stared into Jason's eyes.
"Cum for me... cum for me baby..." she panted. "You're so fucking hot baby... give meallyour cum"
One more block to go.
"I need it Jason... need... your cum... give it... to me"
Jason looked up at Nicole's face, his jaw set, his face screwed up with effort. Her fat tits bounced all over him, bursting out of her school blouse. Her hair was a mess, and she looked like a crazed siren. Jason couldn't hold it any longer. He felt his balls draw up, and he screamed into Nicole's skin.
"FUUUUUUCKKKKKK!"
He erupted inside the teenager, spraying his hot seed all inside her eager sex. Not a moment too soon, because just as the first load of his jism smattered against the back of Nicole's womb walls, Wade smoothly turned the car in through the school gates.
"That's it... cum for me... give itallto me..." Nicole cooed to him, panting.
Outside, more cars went past the sleek saloon in the other direction. The road to the drop-off point up ahead was all clear. It was obvious that the first bell had rung already, and there were very few people milling about on the grounds outside the school buildings. Wade rolled the car to a stop at a zebra crossing to let a flustered teacher past. In the back seat, Nicole swung her leg over Jason's lap, getting off him and settling back into the seat. Her skirt was bunched up around her waist, and Wade winced as he realised she was sitting with her bare ass on the leather seat. Jason quickly pulled the waistband of his underwear over his rapidly softening cock, still glistening from their combined juices.
Nicole sat with her eyes closed for a couple of moments. Her face was flushed, and her hair clung to her temples with sweat. As the car came to a stop at the drop-off point, she blew a stray lock of hair off her face. Then, she reached to her side and pulled Jason's face to hers for a deep, longing kiss.
"I love you Jase." She said, pulling back. She rubbed her belly. "Thanks for the breakfast."
Jason grinned.
"Anytime, babe."
Nicole quickly pulled her bra back up over her breasts.
"Hey Wade," she said, buttoning up her blouse. "Can you drop Jason off at the nearest bus stop?"
"The BUS STOP?" Jason asked, incredulously. He had been in the middle of buckling his belt.
"You're not part of the family yet, baby." Nicole cooed to him. She grabbed her bag from the front passenger seat and turned back to Wade.
"And please don't tell dad about this." She said, making a concerned face. But Wade knew she knew he wouldn't. Hecouldn't.
"Of course not, Miss Carter." He muttered. A sly grin spread broke on Nicole's face.
"You're the best! See you in the afternoon!"
She pulled on the door handle as she turned to Jason.
"And I'll see youlater, stud."
She got out of the car, pushing the door shut behind her. Nicole obviously hadn't composed herself fully before getting out, because for a long moment the back of the fabric lay perched atop the shelf of her perky ass cheeks. Her thighs, parted, were slick with Jason's cum drooling out of her pink pussy lips. The ruby at the base of her butt plug gleamed firetruck red in the direct sunlight, right before she started walking, and the skirt fell back into place like stage curtains.
The two men inside the car watched her figure recede in the distance. Jason spoke up after Nicole disappeared inside the doors.
"So listen man, could you drop me off at my college-"
"-I'm afraid not, sir." Wade said, keeping his tone even.
"Right... okay."
Jason blew a raspberry and sunk into the backseat. Wade put his blinkers on before turning the car around. He checked the time on the digital gauge. It was three minutes past 10 A.M.
He had a long shift ahead.