It was the sound of heels that snapped Geoffrey Haden to attention. Not a normal sound in a subterranean hideout. From habit, his spine went rigid, and the built in reaction pissed him off. Pressure at his temples intensified from the distraction.
He pinched the bridge of his nose, forcing his chestnut eyes to focus beyond the computer. Gene codes flashed across his screen, but he left it to the computer to decipher. The program was designed to babysit the data so he could occasionally pry himself away to do other things. Like fume.
All around him fans in the duct work buzzed to keep the supercomputers running at optimum temperature, a temperature incompatible with human comfort. But the only human elements in his labs were the researchers and genetic samples kept under lock and key.
At this late hour of the afternoon, that left only him for the breathing inhabitants. His research assistants were trapped away above ground in classrooms, leaving Geoffrey alone, in near perfect solitude, broken only by mechanical effort at keeping him frozen.
So where was the annoying sound coming from? More precisely who?
At any given moment, Geoffrey had ten different computer simulations running to mash through data, five assistants pestering him for insights to jumpstart their careers, three articles in different stages of being written or fought with, and the normal annoyances of professorship in the form of emails, text messages, and meetings. No email or text had warned him of intruders, and he did not need any unscheduled irritation now.
Broken from his myopic concentration, he cussed internally if some nitwit had let a media personality in without proper authorization. With the latest scandal having hit the newspapers, even he, in his lair, could hear and feel the buzz of egos and nerves pushed too close to snapping. Sadly the concrete and steel sealing off his lab was impervious to egos and their wrath.
As far as he could figure some idiotic student had gotten caught with his pants down in a public zoo and had what was coming, but inevitably the school would be dragged into it to make the story even more sensational. Damn reporters. Wasn't there something more important to report than a half-cocked student with a libido for brains?
Geoffrey pushed his wire-rimmed glasses up his nose and ran a hand through work tousled hair that matched his eyes and possessed the healthy shine of being wet right out of a shower. He shoved his chair back into the smooth metal wall that left no space for germs to hide, and unfolded his body to seek out who the intruder was. Intruders had nowhere to hide either.
Media or not, they were getting a thrashing very suitable for printing and full of easy to recognize adjectives that required no explanation or long winded diatribes.
It was her smell that led him, more than the sound of heels which had now stopped. Getting up his nose hit cooler air, and the slight hint of cleaning disinfectant was no barrier to rose perfume that hung in a cloud. The aroma huddled, scared off by the metal and plastic surroundings, and he used it to track her.
"Hello, Geoffrey," a voice sung. "You're hard to find in his maze. How do your rats do it?"
Geoffrey spun around. Diane. Diane Chesterfield, the Chancellor's secretary and gatekeeper of his sacred schedule and audience.
"Saw that lovely head of yours coming, and thought I'd surprise you." She came around from behind a mainframe and leaned up against it as if at a party and relaxing over a glass of wine. She was definitely not the type to drink beer- too mundane and fattening.
Her black linen dress was demure but striking against Nordic skin and topped off by black velvet shoes not normally worn in the workplace. He snapped his head back up to her face and tried to wipe the confusion off his face.
"Have I bothered you at a bad time?" she asked knowing damn straight he could not be honest while on the job.
"Course not," he lied. "Did I forget to reply to an email?"
"No, you're very good about that." She stressed the word 'very' and stood up to wipe any wrinkles free in her skirt, patting the short skirt down around her thighs. "The Chancellor needs to see you first thing in the morning tomorrow before his regular meetings start. 9AM?"
She raised her chin to look up at him, her peaked lips fending off a smile. "I hope the early morning will be acceptable? I believe it will only be an imposition to you? No one else will be angry at me for setting up the early affair?" she confirmed with her gaze, her eyes looking at his clenched knuckles.
Geoffrey cracked his knuckles wishing he could use one of the computer dollies and move her out the door. Gritting his teeth to moderate his tone, he replied. "Of course. The Chancellor is a busy man," and so am I he thought. "I'll be there." He paused. "Normally such things are set up by email. Is there a problem?"
Diane looked at him and shook her head, letting her long blond hair swirl. "Of course not, Geoffrey, no problem that I can see at all. But this is a very important meeting and David wanted to make sure you would be there. With the lateness of the day, I promised to hand deliver the request."
Geoffrey let the coolness of the air get to him. "Everything is okay?" It had to be about his grant. Something this big could only be very bad or very good news. He was not going to accept bad news when he was this close. David had to agree.
"I'm sure you and David will be able to see eye-to-eye on things. Just promise me, Geoffrey, you will be there. It would be very bad for you if you were late." She winked at him. "Why don't you escort me out now?" She put out her hand, making his chivalrous training kick in to take hold of it.
Geoffrey reluctantly took the offered hand. She squeezed in close to him as if concerned the floor might rupture under her feet and send her plummeting into the earth's core. "I don't know how you put up with it Geoffrey. It's so cold here. Makes me want to grab hold of you to stay warm." She rubbed her body up against his.
Geoffrey nearly pulled her arm out of the socket trying to get her to the exit. The warmth of her body felt foreign to him, and not in a good way. She was toxic to him and all he had locked up. He needed her gone.
"Ouch, Geoffrey," she whimpered. "You're hurting me. You're too strong for your own good."
"You said you were cold," he pointed out gruffly.
"So gallant, Geoffrey, but really it wasn't a complaint." She squeezed his hand. "Tell me you never wondered how hot this room could get when two bodies rubbed together. Question of physics or chemistry?"
Geoffrey was caught off guard; something Diane was innately good at doing to him. "Physics," he answered as if instructing a student.
"No chemistry at all? Isn't that what they call mutual attraction?" She wiggled her wrist out of his grasp and cupped his balls, massaging the pleats out of the front of his scrub pants.
Geoffrey tried to jump backwards, but her fingers kept him trapped unless he wanted to tear himself. "Let me go," he growled.
Her hand stayed right where it was. "Oh come off your high horse, Geoffrey. I've seen the way you look at me. You don't lie well when you think no one's looking back."
"You dress to be looked at," he squirmedd, trying to shift his hips to avoid fingers seeking out internal folds of pleated skin.
"You still look. No one's making you give me those long inspections when you think I'm paying attention to the Chancellor and not you. You spend a bit too long to simply take notice of me." Her fingers let go as she pushed him up against one of the supercomputer housings. Her shorter body enough momentum to tip him backwards when all his focus pointed to his groin and balls rising up in height.
Geoffrey got his breath back on an even keel as he steadied his feet. "What do you want Diane?"
"Stop getting me to do the dirty work for you. I know you want me, but you want me to say it for you. Little boy antics are not becoming in a grown man of your intelligence. Your brain is one of your selling features; don't castrate it for an easy out." She rubbed against him, and hiked her dress up to just below her panty line.
"What I want is irrelevant. We're in a public place for crying out loud. And I'm busy." He tried to leverage himself out from under her, but each motion caused more of their bodies to come into contact.
"Pathetic excuses. You'll always be busy. There will always be a grant in the works. Does your thick brain needs more than your groin to convince it. I can feel you, you know."
Geoffrey tried to prevent his hand from covering his traitorous region, because any hand covering would knock into her pussy.
"Make me happy and think of how happy I can make the Chancellor. I'll replay now in my mind when his fat, meaty hands are all over me. One session with me and I can get him to sign anything."
"This is rape." Geoffrey gripped his legs, trying to avoid any more contact with her.
"Oh, please, Geoffrey. Isn't that rather excessive? What am I forcing on you?" Her hands went to each thigh and ran fingers up to his groin, getting his package to follow her pursuit and push into her stomach.
"You're holding the grant over me." Geoffrey clenched his teeth but his groin bypassed the silent plea to ignore her smell and presence.
"You exaggerate. I simply said that if I'm happy I can make someone else happy. I said nothing about talking him out of signing the grant. For all I know it's already signed and this is a celebration of all that you want. All that you want. Money isn't everything you know." She bent a knee between his legs and gently rammed it into his balls.
Geoffrey's legs pressed against her knee, locking it to him so she was forced to hold onto his shoulders for support.
"You know the grant is yours for the taking. I think a little celebration is in order." She pulled her leg free and when his attention was caught up in her knee, went for the elastic waist of his scrubs and yanked them down.
Geoffrey stumbled as the cold air found the hottest part of his body.
"Now stay put," Diane ordered, snapping the band of his briefs into his swelling skin. She got his eyes to follow her hands off his briefs and latch onto the hem of her dress. She slinked the dress up to show a black thong.
Her fingers fluttered in the air as they then dipped below the thong and glided it down her thighs, exposing herself fully to his eyes that barely blinked.
Geoffrey choked on his large inhale of cold air that made his lungs clamor at the onslaught. Air rushed past his salivating mouth too fast to be heated.
"Now we can do this one of two ways. I can either toss you to the hard floor and mount you until I'm really happy. Or you can pick me up and put me on you with those strong arms of your and toss me into the supercomputer as I wrap my legs around your waist. Which will it be?" Diane rubbed at her clit and brought her finger up for him to sniff it.
Geoffrey's nostrils flared.
"Your mind and your body seem to be of two different thoughts. As much as I admire your mind, right now I just want your body. How am I to have it? Answer me." She ran her finger down the stubble on his chin. "Tisk, tisk. When was the last time you remembered to shave, Dr. Haden?"
"I can't do this," Geoffrey tried.
"Oh but you can. Get rid of those guilty thoughts. I guess the floor it is for you. I don't trust your arms to hold me. I guess you'll have to ram me into the computer some other time."
Geoffrey flinched.
"Really, Geoffrey. Stop being a prissy. You do realize if you make me happy enough I might want seconds." She laughed. "Now do I have to push you down to the floor or are you going to bend those pretty knees of yours on your own?"
Geoffrey slunk down the computer and crumpled on the floor, his back and head propped up, but legs splayed open.
Diane looked down at him. "Just remember if you have a bruise it's your fault. I was willing to take one in the name of teamwork, but you weren't up for that scenario. She started to squat down, making him watch her pussy's descent as it scraped against his swollen dick and tensed balls.
"At least I have something to work with." Diane talked to his rigid cock waiting to be encapsulated with her heat and moisture. "Hopefully your brain will learn to follow."
Geoffrey closed his eyes.
"Be that way." She lifted her pussy to rim his ridge, and coaxed him into her with a series of downward thrusts that opened her up to his full girth. Her hands now useless to the insertion cradled his shoulders to hold him steady for her.
His buttocks clenched beneath her, but he stayed put.
"That's a good boy. Now just lie there and I'll be done with you in no time. Unless you interrupt me with needless whines and whimpers."
Geoffrey bit his lips to go with his sealed eye lids.
Diane rubbed her clit against the balls of her life-sized, internally heated, sex toy. Her clit sprang into extension as she dragged it against his scrotum with a rocking motion that caught up every nerve ending she could find to contact him with.
Vaginal walls sealed around him with spasmodic contractions as she rode him up and down like a carousel horse riding to internal music of ecstasy.
She began a slow crescendo of eruptions as she pumped him up and down, flattening her clit and pussy into his groin with each downward fall. His cock rubbed her into an internal frenzy while his scrotum teased her clit into exploding. Warmth spread until she was soaked and her mind a blurred swirl of endorphins.
When she came to, she went at him again with stronger, more ferocious and faster thrusts, pelting his scrotum in each descent. She kept at him until she could feel his body fail to fend off the contortions that added even more heat and moisture to her insides.
She continued to ride him until he squealed like a pig begging her to stop. Even after that she went another few times until her own arms were going to give out.
Forcing her legs to extend, she came off him and towered over him as she yanked up her thongs and pulled down her dress. Stepping off him, she eyed him from above. "See you tomorrow early."
Turning around, she swayed her hips out of sight.