Part One.
This is a story based around events that happened in the late 60's.
Theresa and Judith had a bit of a reputation. Jack and I wanted to know if the rumours were justified.
They we in my classes throughout high school and were best friends hanging out together at school and on weekends. The four of us were in our last year at high school. I was 18 and waiting to go to university the following year. My mate Jack was off to the Police Force eventually, but they didn't take you until you were 20. I had no idea what Judith and Theresa wanted to do, maybe hang around at school for as long as possible until they had to get a job. Judith was my age, while Theresa was the eldest of all of us due to turn 19 in a couple of months. Judith was a bubbly girl, mousy blond, long legged, blue eyed, and slim with a small bust and long legs. Theresa was the exact opposite. One of those rare creatures who just exuded sex even in the way she walked, with sultry green eyes, at least a 35 or 36 inch bust, all curves with dark shoulder length hair. She was very aware of her effect on every male who laid eyes on her.
In my town there was a lake close to the ocean surrounded by a belt of parks and trees that we all referred to as "the bush". I had grown up at the beach and when younger, when we weren't there, my mates and I would be playing at the lake or war games at "the bush".
My mate Jack and myself were determined to hook up with these two girls. They supposedly had a reputation for 'putting it out there', and we were determined to have a bit of the action. When we chatted to them at school one day, they told us they would meet us at 'the bush,' that day after school. Sure enough we met them at the place we had arranged but unfortunately, they had been joined by a friend who we knew was a bit stuck-up and it would be hard to do what we planned while she was there. This friend Fiona had a German shepherd dog with her, and Jack and I got the feeling Judith and Theresa didn't really want her hanging around either.
We were typical of the times, when sex was far from the uninhibited age we live in now. We were typical teenagers at our age, and by that, I mean an age where sex was whispered about and all a bit mysterious. If you'd 'done it' you were a bit of a hero to your mates or you were labelled as a slut in the case of a girl. Neither of us were virgins we had just had our first fucks but that's another story. We'd cop a feel here and there, pash up girls at parties and the like always chasing the main goal of trying to get laid.
I asked Judith what she wanted to do but just got an "I don't know," so I took the initiative and started kissing her. She responded to this, and we were soon pashing. Judith seemed to enjoy this and put her arms around me. "This is nice, most guys just want to feel us up or hit us up wanting us to 'do it' she giggled. Meanwhile Jack took the hint and started kissing Theresa. Fiona was looking on uncomfortably and eventually said, "Guess it's time I went," then walked away dog in tow. Judith and I continued with our pashing and as we relaxed, I pulled her into me so that I could feel her tits pushing against my chest. I was also beginning to get hard, but if Judith noticed it, she didn't seem to mind as she pulled me into her with as much pressure as I held her. We explored each other's mouths, and I darted my tongue between her lips which must have given her a bit of a fright as she momentarily stopped and looked at me before diving back in and we were soon both exploring each other's mouths. "Gawd you're a good kisser, I didn't know that could feel so nice...can we do some more... let's sit down?"
Jack and Theresa had moved up the track a bit and were already sitting on a patch of grass, I thought I saw Jack's hand on Theresa's tit. Judith and I found a bit of grass just off to one side, sat down and immediately Judith was looking at the bulge in my pants. "Can I have a look?" she giggled at me. If ever there was a time to be embarrassed, this was it, but I felt quite excited...thought 'What the hell' and knelt in front of her. She took the initiative and reached out pulling the front of my shorts towards her and looking into them. "Gawd...it looks like it's trying to get out," she laughed.
Releasing the pressure on the front of my shorts caused my cock to jerk upwards and I felt a little embarrassed but also excited to have this girl peering at my cock. Judith didn't seem in the least put off as she stared at my cock for what seemed like a long time. "It's wet on the end," she said as she released the front of my shorts.
"I know it always gets a bit wet when I get a 'hard on." A 'hard on' is what we called it when we got an erection.
"You can feel me up if you want, but can we do some more pashing?"
I put my arms around her, and we lay back on the grass, and took up where we left off. Surprisingly, I was really enjoying the kissing and Judith obviously was, as she pulled my head gently in to hers.
Now was the moment I had been waiting for and I lifted a hand to the front of Judith's dress and placed it on her breast. She made some more room between us as I started gently massaging her tit. Judith was wearing a tent type summer dress with prints of rock stars on it.
"I hardly ever wear a bra, my boobs aren't that big, but Theresa does, wait till you see her boobs, they're really nice." This was news to me. Judith had taken it for granted I was going to see Theresa's tits. Judith's dress was quite short, as were most girls in the 60's. Theresa was wearing something similar. As we broke from our pashing I glanced down and saw the dress had ridden up exposing pale blue panties, so I took the next step and laid my hand on her thigh before shifting it across to her crutch. She surprised me by opening her legs slightly, allowing me to slide two fingers down the outside of her panties and between her legs. With a jerky motion Judith opened her legs further. I gently dabbed a finger over her pussy hole, and thought I felt a slightly damp spot. Judith pashed me even harder and gave the slightest of moans.
"Just stop for a minute," she said. I took my hand away.
"What's the matter. Did I do something wrong?"
"No, I just want to talk to Theresa." She stood up and walked back on to the track calling to Theresa. I stood up and was able to adjust my cock in my pants, took a couple of moments to let it settle down and headed along the track to see the two girls walking down the track past Jack, giggling while they looked back over their shoulders at us. Jack was grinning at me and when the girls were out of earshot asked me how far I got.
"Almost got to feel her pussy".
"Smell this," said Jack as he held two fingers to my nose. I was surprised as it was quite a strong smell. It never ceased to amaze me how each girl smelt or tasted slightly different.
"What do you reckon they are talking about?"
"No idea but Judith sure likes being pashed up, that's all she wants to do, what are Theresa's tits like, Judith reckons they are something else?"
"Hell yeah, she even undid her bra for me, but I only felt them up. Haven't seen them yet."
The girls came back down the track to us still giggling, when Judith said, "We want to go sailing with you."
Jack's family was wealthy. His dad owned the local hotel and part owned several others. Their house overlooked the ocean and marina and further up the estuary they had a property with a boatshed where we kept the yacht. It was 17 foot long and Jack and I raced it with the local yacht club on Sundays as well as regattas around the city's yacht clubs where we were ranked in the top half dozen crews. At the national inter-secondary sailing champs, Jack and I had placed second and only lost by the merest of points. The school had made a big deal of this and had presented a sporting achievement award to us in front of a full assembly. We had already told the girls we couldn't meet them on Saturday as we planned to sail to an island we regularly visited when the tides and weather allowed. This was a full day's trip as we needed the high tide in the morning and afternoon to get out and back into the estuary.
"I don't know," said Jack "My old man would kill me if he found out." Jack's old man was a tough bastard, and everyone knew it. He expected only the best from his sons, and he had ripped the shit out of us on more than one occasion when we had obviously pissed around instead of taking our yacht racing seriously.
"We'll make it worth your while," grinned Theresa.
"Jack and I will have a think about it and let you know at school tomorrow."
"Please," said Judith. "It would be really cool. We will bring food."
"Maybe," said Jack.
Judith came up to me and took my hand before leading me back to our patch of grass, but we didn't sit down.
"Nobody has kissed me like that before, I really liked it... was my kissing okay?"
"Yeah ...of course it was."
"Do you want to play with my pussy...I don't mind, but could we do some more pashing?"
We started kissing while still standing. Judith shifted her legs apart. I didn't need any more invitation and lifted the front of her dress and reached down into her panties. The front of her pussy had light soft hair on it. I gently stroked my hand up and down then slowly pushed two fingers further down between her legs. Her pussy lips were slippery as I pushed a finger between them, and gently slid it up and down. Judith shuddered and opened her legs a bit wider. Now I felt her pussy hole and gently inserted a finger to the first knuckle. Sliding my finger in and out I slowly went deeper with each stroke. Judith stopped our kissing and put her head on my shoulder. "We got to go soon. That feels really nice. Everyone is really rough with Theresa and me when they cop a feel, but you are nice and gentle. You don't have a girlfriend, do you?"
"No. What do you mean by that?"
"Oh, just wondering. I'm not going with anyone, we could hang out together."
"Um... I don't know."
"I've got sore lips from kissing so much. French kissing is cool."
"Yeah... mine are a bit raw. Thanks for letting me get into your pants."
"We can try some other things if you want next time...I can play with your cock if you want, I've never made a boy cum before...have you done it before...you know stuck your cock in a girl?"
It took me a few seconds to get over what she had just asked me and before I could answer. "You can tell me... if you do, I will tell you a secret... what Theresa and I have done."
"Um.... yeah, I've had a root before. What's the secret?"
"Well.... Theresa and I have put things into each other's pussies."
"You what...What sort of things?"
She was giggling. "Tell you some other time...see if you can guess. We got to go, or I'll be in trouble. I'm on a curfew. Got home late one night and my dad went ballistic, so now I've been grounded for a month, have to be home by six. He told me while I live at home, I'll act like a lady not a whore. Can I have one more kiss?"
The girls took off and then it was Jack's turn to smell my finger before we headed home.
We both had our drivers' licences but neither of us had a car, just borrowed our mothers' when we needed to so we were walking. "Do you think we could sneak them onto the yacht?"
"Maybe, but lots of people would see us going down the creek and past the marina... what if they met us at the bottom of the estuary?"
"Better still what if we picked them up at Lincoln's Bay. There is hardly anyone ever there."
"Yeah, don't want my old man to see us.... can't wait for some more sticky finger, maybe some sticky dick." We both laughed.
"Judith wants to go with me, but I'm stuffed if I know, she sure as hell giggles a lot."
Part Two.
The next day at school the girls hit us up at recess. We told them the plan and when we would meet them. When they moaned about the early start we said, "OK don't come then." They then came back to us and promised they would be there.
"One more thing.... when you are on the yacht, you must do what you're told. Jacks the captain and what he says goes, no arguments or we will throw you over the side....do you agree?"
They grinned at each other "OK Captain," giggled Judith.
Saturday morning was clear and sunny. The tide was pushing in, so we had to paddle as well as sail against the incoming current before we cleared the estuary then sailed about a mile around to Lincoln's Bay.
"Probably won't be there I said to Jack," but as we rounded the corner of the bay there were two figures standing on the beach expectingly. I stripped off my T shirt and hopped over the side to swing the yacht around as we grounded, and the girls waded out, then Jack pulled them up and over the stern of the yacht.
"Sit in the bottom of the boat until we get underway and watch the boom or it might hit you in the head." The girls sat down grinning, but were obviously a bit nervous as Jack swung the boom to catch the wind and I scrambled over the bow as the following wind pushed us out of the bay. I trimmed the jib and main sail before Jack told the girls they could sit on the side of the yacht.
"Have you got life jackets?" Theresa asked as she looked over the side of the boat.
I had grabbed a couple of extras from my dad's boat and showed the girls where they were in the locker, then stowed their bag with them.
Both girls were wearing shorts and T shirts. With the offshore wind we gently coasted along, and they slowly relaxed and got used to the motion of the yacht.
"This is so cool...you guys are so lucky." Jack stripped off his shirt as the sun warmed up, and the girls whispered to each other then pulled off their shirts. Both were wearing bikini tops. Jack and I both stared at Theresa's blue top. Her tits not only filled it out but bulged up slightly and poked straight out. Judith was watching us and giggled as we ogled Theresa's' tits. Judith's yellow bikini top covered her small boobs but showed her nipples through the thin material. They whispered together again then both removed their shorts while trying to look as natural as possible. Jack and I were smirking at each other. Two girls in bikinis on our yacht. "Gybing," said Jack. "Duck girls." In their haste they both ended up sprawled in the bottom of the boat in a tangle of legs as Jack changed direction and the boom swung across. Jack and I cracked up.
"You did that on purpose," they both accused Jack as I pulled Judith up off Theresa.
Part Three.
Jack just smiled. "Time for beer and Crunch."
Jack and I had been pinching beer from his old man's stock since we could remember. We both liked a chocolate called 'Crunch' which with a mouthful of beer would fizz in your mouth.
I retrieved a bottle and a bar, took the top off and broke open the chocolate. The girls looked on bemused as Jack and I put a piece of chocolate in our mouths waited for it to melt then took a swig of beer.
Then I offered it to the girls and told them what to do.
"Aw that's so nice," said Theresa. "I don't like beer but it's nice like that. Can we have some more?"
I left it with them and then opened another bottle for Jack and me.
There is something about the ocean that seems to make females lose their inhibitions. Maybe it's being close to the sea where the oxygen is at its highest concentration or maybe the wind and sun, but all my life I have observed the phenomena of women losing their reservations at sea and becoming a bit daring. Theresa and Judith were no different. They were obviously feeling the effects of the beer.
"We want to take our bikini tops off," giggled Judith. "Is that alright Captain?"
We looked around. There wasn't another boat within miles. "Ok with me," Jack grinned.
"Only our boobs might get burnt so we need some suntan lotion on them." Then Judith grinned at me. "You want to do it?"
"Yeah." Judith sat in the bottom of the boat and Theresa moved over to give me room to sit next to her. Then she handed me a bottle of coconut oil. Judith unclipped her bikini top and placed it on top of the centre case. Whereas when she was lying down her tits seemed small, now that she was sitting up, they were poking out and seemed bigger. I stared at them before opening the bottle and squirting some oil on my hand. Judith's tits were pale white in contrast to her tanned skin emphasized by her tan lines. She giggled at me as I placed my hand over one breast then gently started rubbing it in. We started kissing again as I gently played with her nipple which immediately started to harden. Then I caressed her other breast and continued to rub and pull on her other nipple. Judith responded by putting her hand behind my head and pulling our lips together. After about 5 minutes Theresa said, "My turn," slipped down on the other side of me and un-hooked her top. I turned and was presented with the most beautiful pair of tits, and to this day I have never seen any better. They were firm and jutted straight out with the nipples pointing slightly upwards. I kept staring while still playing with Judith's tits.
"Told you." Said Judith. "Are you going to rub some on Theresa?" I came out of my daze, then squirted some more oil onto my hand and started on Theresa's breasts, rubbing oil on one then the other, her nipples hardening under my touch. Theresa lay back and closed her eyes. Then I felt Judith's hand on the front of my board shorts, and she gently pressed down on my already hard cock.
"Jacks turn now," said Judith. I looked at Jack who was grinning at us and he nodded towards the tiller in his hand.
'Aw hell,' I thought, 'now I have to stand up and everyone's going to see my hard dick.' So, bent over, I climbed over Theresa and swapped with Jack. Then when Jack was sitting next to Theresa, Judith slid down the side of the yacht and sat on the floorboards in front of me. Jack immediately took up where I left off, pashing Theresa and fondling her tits.
Part Four
"Can I have a go at steering?"
I looked at Jack for his 'Okay,' but he was otherwise occupied so I placed Judith's arm over mine on the tiller and started to give her instructions, but it didn't really sink in as she kept over correcting the rudder and putting us in danger of a crash gybe. "Maybe I should just hold this," she laughed and gently grabbed at my cock. I leaned over and gave her a kiss, one eye on the boat, then reached down and started playing with her tits again. She sat up beside me and I slid my hand down over the front of her bikini.
"You'll get oil on my bikini bottoms," she said, and I pulled my hand away. To my surprise she lifted her bum up and slid her Bikini pants a few inches down her thighs.
Here I was in the middle of the ocean with a topless girl who was offering me her naked pussy. Needless to say, my cock was as hard as hell. I just wished I had two hands free but slid the one I did have down over her pubes and gently slid a finger between her pussy lips then slowly rubbed it back and forth. There was enough oil from her tits on my finger that it slid smoothly between the lips. Judith spread her legs slightly although the bikini pants stopped her from spreading them very far. Reaching in further, I dabbed my finger at her pussy hole, she leaned back put her hands behind her then shuffled her backside forward as I inserted a finger into her pussy and slid it all the way in, then back and up over the little nubbin at the top of the lips. Judith groaned quietly and then gently kissed the side of my face. Slowly I built up the pace until I felt her shudder and clasp my hand between her legs with her thighs.
"Gawd... that was so good, I tingled so big." She pulled her Bikini bottom back up then glanced down at her crutch. "I'm a bit wet," she laughed.
"You what...you tingled?" I laughed. "What's that?"
Judith grinned at me. "You know...I had a cum...an orgasm."
"Aw...ok." I grinned back.
I had been constantly looking around in case other boats came near, but so far, the ocean was clear. We were now approaching the island and I called out to Jack "Need to Gybe mate."
"Bugger," said Jack. Jack had one hand in Theresa's bikini bottom and the other on one of her tits. He looked around and then hopped up on the foredeck. "One other boat in the bay. I need a piss," he said. With one hand holding the mast he pulled out his semi hard cock and leaned out over the side of the boat. The girls squealed, then went into hysterics as Jack started to pee in a steady stream.
"Aw no... now I've got to pee. Must have been the beer," laughed Judith. "How long till we land?".
"Maybe half an hour. Can you hold out till then?" I asked.
"No...need to go now." "Me too," said Theresa.
"Um.... You've got two choices." said Jack. "Pee in the bailer or over the side of the boat."
The girls looked at the bailer which was a plastic bottle with the bottom cut off it.
"Bailer," said Theresa. "You guys aren't allowed to watch though."
"Wait till we gybe." Jack shifted back with me, and Judith joined Theresa, then we put the yacht through the gybe. The girls were giggling away trying to figure out how they could use the bailer. Then Theresa squatted down with her back to us while Judith held the bailer in front of her, they were both laughing. Theresa looked back over her shoulder. "Don't look you guys."
"Ok." We both looked away in opposite directions, but only for a few seconds. Theresa slipped her bikini pants onto her thighs.
"Nice bum," said Jack, and both girls collapsed in laughter. Then Judith squealed as Theresa's pee erupted. "You're peeing on me," she spluttered out between her squeals. The four of us were howling with laughter, and it took the girls a while to sort themselves out. Then Judith said "Yuk," and tossed the bailer overboard.
"What did you do that for?" Jack and I yelled.
"Sorry...it was covered in pee."
"That was our only bailer, now what are we going to do? You girls are going to have to bail with your hands if we ship water." Of course, it wasn't. The main bailer was in the stern locker attached to a cord.
"Sorry." Both girls looked worried now.
"I need to pee really bad now," said Judith.
"Umm...Ok, come back here and you can sit with your legs over the back of the boat and pee."
"But I might slip in."
"I'll hold you." I told her.
Jack moved forward to balance the boat and Judith moved back beside me.
"I'll have to take my Bikini bottoms off."
"So...I've already seen everything."
"Yes.... but I'll be peeing."
"Don't worry about it...I'll be behind you. I won't let you fall in."
She glanced forward then slipped off her pants as I stood behind her, lifted her up and swung her legs out over the back of the boat and placed her bum on the edge. She was surprisingly light. I kept a firm hold on her waist and placed my chin on her shoulder as she started giggling again. Then she started peeing, spurts co-inciting with the giggles. When she had finished, I lifted her inboard and she pulled her pants back on, looked up at me and said "Thanks."
Part Five
We drifted into the bay and dropped the sails. There was a large yacht anchored there. The girls had covered up and put their shirts on. We told the girls we needed to behave, as the pennant we flew represented our yacht club. When we grounded on the beach the girls jumped ashore and we handed them their bag but not before we put some more beer bottles inside. I paddled the yacht out beyond the low tide mark threw the anchor over and swam ashore. The big yacht in the bay lifted their anchor and motored off.
"Cool, all ours. How long have we got?" asked Theresa.
"3 or 4 hours, depends on when the sea breeze kicks in." I answered. The morning offshore breeze had now died down to nothing and the ocean was glassy calm. "When do you have to be home?"
"It doesn't matter today. I asked mum if I could go past my curfew since it was Saturday...but she said to be home before dark. It will take us about an hour to walk from Lincoln's Bay."
"Ok we'll leave about 3 then, it won't take us that long to run back with the wind behind us."
"Cool...this is awesome we never get to do stuff like this. What shall we do?" Judith asked.
"Swim, explore, eat lunch, drink beer, eat chocolate.... what did you bring us to eat?"
"We've got sandwiches, some cookies and a couple of bottles of Lemonade."
"Cool... who's up for a swim."
The girls ditched their shirt's, and we chased them into then dunked them in the water. A full-on wrestling match ensued. Jack and I grabbing at the girls' crutches and tits while they went for our dicks. Eventually we called a truce before deciding on a cock fight. Not what you are probably thinking. A cock fight in those days involved two opponents on the shoulders of two others trying to knock each other off. In waist deep water any falls only involved a dunking. Theresa was on Jack's shoulders and Judith on mine. They had a weight advantage, but we were quicker. The girls grabbed and wrestled, while Jack and I braced our legs to keep balance and crashed into each other. It was two all going into the final when I managed to leg trip Jack to take the match. Judith yelled out with glee.
"We won!! We won!!". As she dropped off my shoulders, she pulled me over backwards then hugged me underwater.
The girls laid out the food and we sat on towels drying off in the sun, then opened another beer and chocolate bar.
"This is the best day ever," smiled Judith. "I got to pee again though, you coming Theresa?"
"No," she laughed, "I went in the water."
"Just as well it wasn't when you were on my shoulders." Jack laughed.
Judith hopped up from her towel and looked around.
"Just head up the path between the rocks. Do you want me to come with you.... There's nobody around."
"Umm... no I'll be alright."
She wandered off.
Theresa watched her go.
She sat up and smiled at us. "Do you guys want to fuck Judith?" There was a stunned silence before we could reply. "What?" we both said together ... "does she want us to?"
It was a bit of a shock to hear Theresa talk about fucking, even though Jack and I constantly talked about our previous couple of fucks. In fact, the 'F' word was something hardly anyone ever mentioned in those days. And here was Theresa asking us if we wanted a fuck.
"No... she doesn't know yet... it's just that I have already had a couple of fucks and she keeps teasing me about it telling me I'm the world's biggest slut, so I thought if you guys did her then we would be even."
Jack and I looked at each other and grinned.
"Um.... how do we get her to agree?"
"She will."
I already had a hard cock just from this conversation and no doubt Jack did too.
Then a thought struck me. "No way...If we do her, she might get pregnant."
'It's okay, I thought about that, I've got a couple of 'Frenchie's."
A 'Frenchie' was short for a 'French letter' which was a condom as they were known back then.
"Where did you get those from?" Back then the only place you could get condoms was from the chemist and the local chemist knew our parents well. They were all members of the local RSA, and we wouldn't trust him not to blab.
"I pinched them off my brother."
Judith came back smiling and sat down on her towel.
"Um" ... she glanced at Theresa, and I am sure I saw Theresa give her a slight nod. "You know how we said if you took us sailing, we would make it worth your while...well Theresa and I thought we would put on a bit of a show for you... but only if you guys do something for us.... If we're going to get naked, you have to too."
We glanced at each other, hardly believing our luck. "Ok...deal, but not here on the beach."
"There's a place just up the track with some grass," said Judith.
Jack and I knew where she was talking about, but we knew of a better spot well off the path. We had camped there overnight a few times even though there was no camping allowed on the island.
After packing up our things we threw our towels into Theresa's bag and led the girls up the track and through the bush till we came out to a flat grassy glade.
Part Six
"Perfect." said Theresa.
We stood around nervously for a few seconds before a giggling Judith put her arms around Theresa and started to kiss her. Theresa pashed her back. Jack and I gawked on in disbelief...it threw us a bit to see girls pashing each other. Then Judith must have put her tongue into Theresa's mouth because she suddenly pulled back.
"Tim's been teaching you his tricks, hasn't he."
"Is it alright?"
"Yeah." Theresa glanced at me and smiled before starting to pash again. Then her hand went up to Judith's breast and she stared to squeeze it. Judith did the same to Theresa but then slipped her hand beneath Theresa's bikini top and kneaded her tit with her fingers.
I was hard as hell and adjusted my cock in my boardshorts. Glancing at Jack I saw he had his hand down the front of his. The girls stopped after a few minutes and then undid each other's bikini tops and dropped them onto the grass while throwing glances at us and grinning. Theresa's perfect tits were lined up against Judith's small ones so that their nipples were touching one another. Then Theresa's hand gently slid over Judith's bikini clad crutch and Judith did the same to Theresa. I had had a wank that morning, but now just watching the girls feeling each other up, I was desperate to get some sort of relief.
"You guys have to show us your cocks now if you want to see more," said Judith. "We'll take off our pants', but you have to take off yours."
I looked at Jack who raised his eyes at me and nodded. We slowly slid our pants down. My cock sprung up almost to my belly and Jacks was the same. The girls laughed, stared at us for a few seconds and then turned to each other and slid each other's bikini bottoms down wiggling their bums as they did.
"If we play with each other's pussies, will you show us how you play with your cocks?" asked Theresa. Her voice was quiet and a bit husky. She was staring at our cocks again, as was Judith.
"Yup," said Jack with no hesitation.
The girls turned to each other but didn't take their eyes off us as they slid a hand between each other's legs. Each of them spread their feet apart a few inches. I grabbed my cock and pulled it down, then ever so slowly began to wank, too scared to go any faster in case I came. Jack followed suit. We continued like this for a few minutes, the girls kissing each other and glancing at us occasionally. Then Judith bent down and kissed one of Theresa's nipples before starting to suck on it. Theresa put her hand behind Judith's head and caressed her hair.
"Aren't you guys going to come closer?" Theresa was almost gasping.
Jack and I kicked off our boardshorts and moved over to the girls. Their hands never stopped moving between each other's legs. Jack reached up and started playing with Theresa's other tit, so I followed his example and started on Judith's. Judith shook ever so slightly. Jack was standing on one side of the girls, me on the other. Judith stopped her sucking and started watching what I was doing with my cock. On one hand I was hoping she would reach down and touch it. On the other I knew that there was every chance I might cum if I felt that hand on my cock.
"Do you guys want to see Judith's pussy?"
"Theresa!!" Judith sounded shocked then started giggling.
"Yeah, but yours too," said Jack.
"Yeah, that's fair," said Judith. She poked Theresa in the arm. "But we want to have a good look at your cocks too. That's only fair. Um...could you guy's show us how you...you know shoot your stuff?". Both girls were grinning. I got the feeling that all this was pre-planned.
"Ok," we both said together. "Ahh...how do you want to do it?"
Theresa looked at Judith. "We'll show our pussies first then maybe you can feel us up a bit, or we'll show you some other stuff we do. Then you guys can have your turn. Theresa sat down facing us and Judith sat next to her.
"Ok," said Judith, she spread her knees apart. Jack and I moved closer, both of us still slowly stroking our cocks. She lay back on one elbow and with her other hand slid a finger down between her pussy lips. Then with two fingers she spread them apart. "So... this is my clitty. It feels really nice when it is rubbed or licked," she laughed as though she had just let us in on a secret as she flicked the end of her finger over the bump of flesh. 'So, someone has licked that for her' I thought. "And this is my pee hole and then my pussy hole." She sat up now and using both hands pulled her pussy open. I got the feeling both girls thought that we knew nothing about girl's pussies, and that this was the first time either of us had seen what they were showing, but who were we to tell them different. I wasn't complaining.
"And here's mine," said Theresa. Theresa mimicked Judith. Both girls were sitting there in front of us holding open their pussies. I had to stop touching myself because I knew I would come at any moment if I didn't. Theresa had fine black hairs on the front of her pussy whereas Judith's blond pubes were almost the same colour as her skin. Theresa's pussy was bigger than Judith's and there was actually a hole there, whereas Judith's was just pink flesh, both the girls' pussies were wet with moisture.
"Ok...now you guys have to show us your cocks close up. You have to kneel in front of us."
This was like a game of show and tell, hardly the stuff of 18 year olds. I was getting the feeling that Judith was just a bit immature for her age, also that Theresa was aware of this but just going along with it to encourage her. I knew Judith was no dummy, she was in the top stream at school.
Jack and I both knelt down. Judith moved her feet apart and I shuffled forward so that my cock was now only a couple of feet from her face. It was so stiff that it was touching my stomach. Jack was in a similar position with Theresa. Judith stared at my cock then glanced at Jacks. "Your balls look kind a funny. Is that just the same stuff as the other day on the top of your cock?" Sure enough the head was covered with shiny clear liquid.
"Are you going to touch it?" asked Theresa, "I'll do Jack's if you do Tim's too."
"Ok," giggled Judith and she tentatively put a finger out and dabbed at the slit on top of my cock. She glanced up at me then, smiled and started running one finger around the head. Glancing at Jack I saw that Theresa had her hand cupped over the top of Jack's cock.
"If I stroke it like you were before, will you make some cum?"
"Yeah... I'm about to blow any second now. How about we muck around a bit first before that happens."
She took her hand away from my cock as I leaned forward and started to caress a tit. She lay back as I placed a hand between her thighs and started to cup my hand back and forth on her pussy. Leaning all the way forward I kissed her, then ran my lips down her chest, found her nipple with my tongue and after circling it a couple of times sucked it into my mouth. I was mimicking what the girls had done to each other. Judith groaned and held the back of my head pulling me into her chest. Then I went to the other breast and repeated the process. Her hips moved back and forth under me. She whispered in my ear. "I can feel the wet stuff from your cock on my tummy...could you lick me please...I like that?"
I slowly pushed my head down towards her belly. I licked her as I moved down and poked my tongue into her belly button. I had pushed a finger into her pussy and now it took a bit of effort to get a second one in. Her hips lifted off the ground as she pushed down harder on my head to force it towards her pussy. My tongue ran over the fuzz of pubic hair, and I could smell the same aroma that I had two days before when my fingers had been inside her. She pushed my head further down and now I was slowly licking between her lips and felt the nubbin of her clitty. I concentrated on circling my tongue around and over the top of it. Judith groaned again then started squeezing her thighs against my head. I was trapped between her thighs as she started to jerk her pussy up and down. "Gawd," she moaned "Lick me." Instead, I sucked on that little nubbin pulling it in and out between my lips. Judith lifted her legs and her heels dug into the small of my back
I pulled my fingers from her pussy. They were wet with her juice. She jammed my head down with her hands as my tongue replaced the fingers. She started jerking her hips again and the pressure from her thighs increased until I was trapped with my tongue as deep into her as it possibly could be. It seemed like ages before she suddenly let me go. She sat up, pushed me back onto my heels and grabbed my cock. A half dozen pumps later, more from me jerking into her hand than her pumping it, I let loose and started to cum. Two squirts shot over her thigh and onto her belly then with her hand still on my cock several more squirts landed on her thigh before I stopped jerking.
Judith looked up at me with wide eyes and a strange look on her face then she started giggling again.
We both looked across to jack and Theresa. They were grinning at us. Jack was lying on top of her with one hand cupped under a breast and the other obviously down between her legs. Still grinning Theresa said, "You're a dirty little slut Judith."
"I couldn't help it," she protested "it was just so good."
We all burst out laughing, more as a relief from the tension, then Judith and I looked down at the mess I had made.
"I guess we better go for a swim," I said. I pulled Judith to her feet. Retrieved my shorts and handed her bikini to her. Jack and Theresa ignored us and returned to what they were doing.
As we walked back down the path, Judith grabbed my hand and pulled me to a stop. She reached up to kiss me, but I pulled back. "I'm all yukky Judith."
"I don't care," she said, and we had a long pash. I could feel the half-dried cum on her thigh against mine.
Eventually we made it to the beach. There were no other boats in the bay, so we ran into the water hand in hand then dived under.
Holding Judith cradled in my arms we pashed again.
"Were did you learn to do that?" she asked.
"I didn't... just did what I thought you wanted me too. Was it alright?".
"That was the best ever... just the best ever big tingles I have ever done. You know what... you're a really good lover. Are you sure you haven't done that stuff before?".
"Nah...not really but you must have, you seemed to know what you wanted."
I thought I saw her blush. "Ok... but don't tell her I told you... Theresa and I give each other 69ers all the time."
I grinned at her, and she punched me in the arm lightly. "That's the first time I've seen a boy do his cum. Did it feel good?".
"Aw hell yeah ... thought I was going to fall over and die as I watched it shoot onto your stomach. Thanks. Never dreamed I'd get to do that."
She snuggled into my neck.
"We could do some other stuff some time. Theresa and I have had some boys try and get us to suck their cocks, we could do that just like Theresa and I do 69s. Would you like that?".
Once again, I had trouble digesting what she was telling me, and I felt myself getting hard again. She felt it against her thigh.
"Are you getting another hard cock...do you want me to play with it?"
"No... we better get back to the others," I grinned at her. "Theresa is right you know...you are a dirty little slut...but a nice one."
"You made me be one, and she can talk ... she's already been fucked and the second time she got fucked doing a doggy like dogs do." I got another rush of blood to my dick with this information.
"When did that happen?"
"A couple of months ago. Shane and his gang Billy and Ricky found us up the bush. They were just feeling us up but then Shane said they were going to fuck us. I got scared and ran away as fast as I could, but Theresa didn't. She wanted it. She had been telling me she wanted to have a boy fuck her. Anyway, I crept back through the bush. Billy and Ricky were holding Theresa's legs up in the air by her ankles while Shane was on top of her fucking. When he finished Billy turned her over and fucked her from behind while the others cheered him on. She said Ricky must have cum in his pants because they were all wet and the others teased him about it. Then they started calling Theresa names and called her a 'slut' and a 'fucking whore.' She was upset and had a little cry, because they had been so mean to her after she had let them fuck her."
"Those guys are pricks...she could have got pregnant?"
"She was alright after a while, she said she didn't mind, and they both pulled out before they came. Billy's cum went all over her bum. She likes being fucked I think."
Part Seven
The images of Theresa being fucked while her legs were being held up by her ankles and then being fucked doggy style raced through my head, and now I had a serious hard on again and had to think about something else as we headed out of the water. At the same time, I had mixed feelings because of what those pricks had called her. Jack and I had had a couple of standoffs with Shane and his mates, and even though they were older than us, Jack had a reputation as a mean scrapper, which probably stopped us having a punch up. Billy and Ricky were smaller than Shane and both were skinny dudes and they all smoked to look tough, whereas Jack and I were both pretty buff from surfing and rugby.
Shane was a bully with a mean reputation and had been to reform school. Apparently, he got caught by the cops with a knife on him when he was about 16. He had a dot tattooed beside his eye that all the boys who had been to reform school got put on. I knew that I could handle Billy or Ricky and that Jack could probably beat Shane. Jack and I had wrestled and fought for years, and our favourite film was about a guy named Billy Jack, a karate and Kung foo fighter. We had been to see his movie three times and practised his moves every time we play fought. Jack was strong as hell though, and it wasn't very often I could beat him wrestling. Once Jack found out what they had said to upset Theresa, I knew that would be the tipping point with regards to Shane and his sidekicks.
We headed back up the path and into the bush. I pulled Judith's hand back and held a finger to my lips as we got close to the clearing. Creeping up we saw Theresa sitting up wiping her tits with a towel. Jack was lying next to her with a 'cat who got the cream', smile on his face.
Jack told me later what had happened. They had been having a tickle fight and Jack had straddled Theresa's stomach and was tickling her armpits when she made a grab at his cock, only he was so close to cumming anyway that after a few seconds he let rip with all of it landing on Theresa's tits.
"How much time have we got left?" asked Theresa.
"About another hour, the sea breeze is just kicking in," I replied.
"Ok guys... are you ready?"
"Ready for what?" asked Judith.
"The boys are going to fuck you."
"What...what are you talking about?"
"Well... you've kept on at me about what it was like to be fucked and teasing me about being the biggest slut, so I asked the boys to do you."
"Theresa!!". She sat down and stared up at us. "Both of them?"
"Yeah, then we will be even. I've got some 'Frenchies' for them so it will safe."
"You planned this...you are a conniving bitch."
"Yep, and I'm going to watch, same as you did with me."
"Hold on Theresa. I'm not going to do this unless Judith says it's Ok and Jack is probably the same."
"I don't even know if I'll be able to," said Jack. He was laughing as he looked at his only semi hard cock.
"Well...are you going to let them?"
"Um...I suppose so. I've got to do it sometime, and I want to see what it's like...but Tim goes first and if I don't like it you have to stop. Promise."
"Hey...you know I will." I smiled at her, and she tentatively smiled back.
Theresa who was still naked, handed me a Frenchie and I tossed it on the grass next to Judith then knelt beside her and started to pash her. I could feel that she was a bit nervous, and it took a few minutes before she began to relax and put her arms around my neck. I removed her top and started playing with and sucking on her tits as I had before, then slid my hand into her pants and over her pussy. I knew she was starting to feel turned on when she slipped her pants down her legs and kicked them away, then lay back on the grass. I spun around, sat on the grass, and slipped off my boardshorts. Jack was standing behind Theresa. Her legs were apart, and I could see his hand on her pussy as he rubbed it from behind, the other was playing with her hard nipple on one of those perfect shaped cones. They were only a few feet away watching us, but Theresa's eyes were half closed in ecstasy.
I was determined that Judith was going to enjoy this as much as I hoped I would. So I kissed her again then kissed her earlobe and whispered to her. "Do you want me to lick your pussy again first?"
She squirmed, "Yes...that would be nice, but will you kiss my ear again that was really hot?"
I took her earlobe between my lips and sucked on it before licking behind and in her ear. She groaned and shuffled her hips. I felt her thighs squeeze together. She relaxed again and then whispered back to me. "Do you want me to suck on your cock when you lick me?".
I laughed. "If you want me to fuck you then you better not, or else I'll cum and go soft."
She grinned at me "Ok but if you change your mind let me know. That ear thing you did made me have a little tingle in my pussy but lick me now," and she gently pushed my head towards her crutch. Once between her legs I started licking slowly again, but this time all over. The sides of her thighs along the crease nearest her pussy, between her pussy lips, around her clit, into her pussy hole and right down near to her bum hole which made her jump but then squeeze her thighs into my head. While this was happening, she had her hands on top of my head and was gently writhing and quietly groaning every time I hit a new spot. Then finally I shoved my tongue as deep into her pussy as I could. Within seconds her legs clamped onto my head, and she started shaking for about 10 seconds then relaxed with a sigh.
"Come on you guys we haven't got all day." Theresa laughed at us. I reached behind me and gave her the finger. Judith let go of me.
"You ready?"
"Aha," she giggled.
I knelt back onto my heels and grabbed the condom. Peeled off the foil and it took a few seconds to figure out which way it would roll on. I was hoping it wasn't too big, but as I rolled it down my raging hard cock. it felt nice and firm. 'Ok, here we go', I said to myself.
Judith was lying down, but supported herself on her elbows so she could watch as I held my cock against her pussy then started pushing forward. I had no luck initially so then pulled back and worked the head around her pussy lips and tried again, this time the head pushed in, and Judith gave a little groan, then as she relaxed and lay back, slowly I was able to push more and more cock into her. I knew she would be tight as I had had trouble getting two fingers inside her and wondered if my cock would fit. Then suddenly Judith seemed to relax further, accepting the inevitable, and my cock was mostly inside her. I pulled back then pushed forward very slowly and things got easier as Judith's pussy seemed to get wetter. The feeling was amazing. Even though I was wearing a condom, the warmth and tightness had me wondering what it would feel like without the condom, but I knew I wouldn't last very long if I didn't have it on. "You ok?" I asked her.
"Aha," I kissed her and she responded by pulling my head into a full blown pash. I felt all the tension go out of her body now and my next strokes into her went deeper and deeper until I reached the end of her pussy. She gave little grunts into my mouth at the end of each stroke and ground her lips against mine. My rhythm increased and Judith pulled her heels up then placed them on the back of my thighs. I felt a sudden urge to pump flat out until I came but resisted and concentrated on a slow steady stroke. Judith started to writhe under me as she continued to dig her heels into the back of my thighs.
"Gawd... I'm going to do the biggest cum," she gasped into my ear then suddenly squeezed me tight with her arms and legs, hunched her back and let out a long groan. I swear I could feel her pussy pulsing on my cock, and it took all my concentration not to cum.
"Oh... my gawd that was big." She slumped back and then pulled my lips back into hers and furiously started pashing as I started to fuck her again.
Glancing across at Jack, I saw Theresa was holding his cock with one hand and rolling a condom on to it with the other.
"Can I watch you squirt your cum?" giggled Judith.
This just about put me over the edge, and I started pumping faster. This time I wasn't going to hold back, and I was going as hard as I dared when I felt myself ready, pulled out had a bit of a panic trying to pull the condom off, wanked my cock a couple of times then shot my biggest load ever onto Judith's stomach then across the front of her pussy. She was leaning back on her elbows again so that she could watch and let out little gasps as each stream of cum hit her. I was so dizzy from cumming that I very nearly fell over sideways from my kneeling position and had to put my hands down to support myself. I looked at Judith and we both smiled. Suddenly she grabbed the back of my neck and pulled me down on to her and started kissing me. "Yuk." I pulled back as I felt the cum between us, but she had a firm grip on me and started laughing.
Theresa and Jack were still in the same place, where they had been watching us the whole time.
"You dirty little bitch Judith, you loved that."
"I know," she giggled. "It was the best...I can't believe it, my first proper fuck."
"Are you ok?"
"Yeah, a bit sore though." She looked at Jack who still had the condom on his cock that Theresa was still holding. "Can I... I don't know if I can take another one."
I was lying next to Judith now and the look on Jack's face was priceless. "What am I going to do about this then?" He pointed to his cock, and we all burst out laughing. Judith and I were in hysterics.
"We need to get going anyway." I had noticed the wind on the top of the trees.
"You get the yacht in, and we won't be long," said Jack. He looked at Theresa and she smiled back at him.
I threw on my shorts and Judith her bikini, packed up our gear and started down the track.
"Do you think they're going to have a fuck?"
"I don't know...probably. They better be quick though." What was going through my mind was mixed feelings. I was glad Jack hadn't fucked Judith as I would have felt a bit jealous and if she had let him, in a way it would mean she didn't care who fucked her one way or another. She soon alleviated those feelings.
"I'm glad it was only you... and that you were my first. Am I walking funny? I sort of feel like my legs are still wide open."
I laughed and took her hand but dropped it as we came out onto the beach.
Part Eight.
There was a launch in the bay, a dinghy pulled up on the sand, four adults and a group of kids having a picnic 20 metres to our right. "Just act naturally." I quietly told her from the corner of my mouth as we sauntered down the beach. "Hi," I called out and waved. The adults half pie waved back at us, but their stares followed us.
Dropping our gear near the water's edge. We both waded out and I swam out to the yacht and pulled myself in, hauled Judith over the stern, pulled up the anchor and then grabbed the paddle to get the yacht back onto the beach. We seemed to be waiting for ages with me holding the bow into the wind before Jack and Theresa appeared. The group on the beach were all staring at them as they wandered down to us. The men no doubt ogling Theresa's hot figure and glancing away quickly as guilty men do.
The sea breeze was steadily getting stronger as the sails went up and the yacht shot out of the bay. With a broad reach we were on our fastest point of sailing, and we had the girls sitting to windward.
"Take the tiller," jack said to me with a grin, and he moved up to sit with the girls on the side of the yacht. They talked quietly but I couldn't hear what was being said with the wind in the sails, the ropes creaking in the pulleys, and the water slapping against the side of the yacht. Then Judith shuffled her way back and sat beside me.
"They're going to have a fuck," she whispered in my ear.
"What...here in the boat... that's going to be a bit awkward."
"They were going to before, but Jack wanted to get back to the boat, so Theresa just pulled him off. Now Jack wants to give her a fuck," she giggled.
There were whitecaps now as the wind got steadily stronger. The yacht was starting to buck a bit and Judith swayed against me as each swell slid along the hull.
"Hope I don't get seasick."
"Keep looking at the horizon, that will steady your eyes and help your equilibrium."
"What's equilibrium?"
"Your balance... talk about something too, to take your mind off things. If you think you might get crook, then you might talk yourself into it. Sit down in the boat then you won't move around so much."
She sat down and then laid her head against my leg. "You know...this has been one of the best day of my life. It was so much fun...and I don't mean just the mucking around and having sex. You guys are so lucky...us girls hardly get to do anything like this."
"So, what sort of things do you do?"
"Aw you know just hang out in town, go to the bush, sunbathe at the beach. Really boring stuff. You guys get to surf and sail, play rugby".
"Why don't you play a sport like netball?"
"Nah...not very good at it and the other girls are all serious and get annoyed with us when we just want to have a bit of fun."
"Why do you let guys feel you up all the time?"
"You and Jack don't seem to mind." She had me there. "It's just that it's sort of exciting...you know it's nice when guys want to spend time with us and pay us attention. I know that we've got a reputation, but we sort of can't help it."
Theresa and Jack were sitting down in the bottom of the boat facing each other. Their hands were busy but with Jack's back to us it was hard to tell what was going on.
"If you became my boyfriend, I wouldn't do any of that stuff...I mean except with you."
"I don't know Judith...what happens when we are away sailing like today and tomorrow, or go surfing all day, and you get bored. What if someone hits on you for a feel or a fuck, what would you do then?"
"Kick them in the nuts." We both laughed ... "How are they going to have a fuck?"
There was no room between the side of the yacht and the centre case for the two of them to lie on the bottom of the boat and do it. Then Theresa stood up and with one hand supporting herself on the mast she pushed down her bikini bottom and kicked it free then expertly reached around to un- clip her top. Jack stood up and dropped his boardshorts. Theresa turned around and leaned over the foredeck of the yacht.
'They're going to do a doggy," Judith whispered to me and squeezed my leg with her hand.
Jack moved up and half squatted behind Theresa. then he held his cock and pushed it down between Theresa's cheeks. We could see it had a condom on it. Maybe the same one he had on before I thought, but then I saw the foil of the packet where they had been sitting. So...Theresa must have got more than a couple from her brother's stash. Jack was obviously having a bit of trouble getting his cock into Theresa and eventually Theresa lifted her right leg up and propped it on the side of the boat then reached back between her legs, grasped his cock and guided it to her pussy hole. Jack started to push forward then back and forward again until he had obviously got enough cock into her that he was able to relax and leaned forward supporting himself with his arms either side of Theresa. Now he started to slowly push in and out of Theresa. Judith and I had a perfect view of Jack's cock and balls as it slid in and out of Theresa's hole.
"Gawd...she's so dirty," whispered Judith. Her hand slid up and over my shorts and she slowly started rubbing my cock. Like me, Judith was getting turned on watching what was happening to her best friend. I was having my work cut out as the weight of the two of them on the bow of the yacht put it out of trim and it took a lot of work on the tiller to control the yawing of the yacht. Judith meanwhile tried sliding her hand up my inside of my shorts to get at my cock, but they were too tight especially as I had another hard on. The inevitable happened. The bow dipped into a whitecap which smacked into the side of the boat and spray flew over Theresa and Jack. Theresa squealed and Jack looked back and gave me a dirty look.
"Can't help it mate," as I pulled the yacht back onto course. Jack reached forward, lifted Theresa up and swung around to sit on the side of the boat. All the time his cock still in Theresa. She was sitting on his lap with her legs spread outside his, but the movement of the yacht meant that they were likely to fall back over the side or crash forward despite Jack holding the mast stay. Jack pushed Theresa forward so that she held onto the top of the centre case and Jack started pushing into her again then leaned forward over her back.
Judith giggled. "Jack looks like Fiona's dog when we saw it fucking her neighbour's dog. Look at Theresa, she's loving this," she whispered to me. Sure enough, Theresa was beginning to push back onto Jack. Her eyes were half closed and now she was leaning all the way over the centre case. "We could try that if you want to." Judith looked up at me and her hand squeezed my cock which was back to full attention and extremely uncomfortable jammed into my shorts. Both of us were getting more and more turned on watching what was going on.
"Not unless you want to go for a swim, I've got to concentrate on steering, are you getting randy again?"
"Aha...umm...if you take your shorts off, I'll play with your cock for you if you want...will you show me how to do it, to make some more cum come out...I'll do it for you?" She was looking up at me again with a cheeky grin on her face.
I wasn't going to turn down an offer like that. I was randy as hell again now and shuffled my shorts down. My cock bounced up as soon as it was free and Judith giggled, had a good long look at it and then touched a finger to the slit on top which was covered once again with precum.
"Show me what to do."
I wrapped my one free hand around it and gently stroked it a couple of times. "Just go slow and gentle, otherwise I won't last very long." She replaced my hand with hers and tried a couple of tentative strokes.
"Is that Ok... I really like your cock...it gets so nice and hard...this feels so naughty when I do this...I think I'll keep it?" She was smiling at me but kept glancing down at what she was doing.
"Yep. That's really nice." The feeling of having someone else wanking my cock was twice as intensive as I ever imagined it could be. "You had better go-slow Judith unless you want me to make a mess." I momentarily closed my eyes and then got a sudden fright as the yacht yawed and I had to jerk the tiller over to correct our course. I glanced at Jack and Theresa. Jack laughed at me and then continued his slow fucking of Theresa. Theresa was now hanging all the way over the centre case so that her tits hung down on the other side of it while she supported herself with her arms on the bottom of the boat. I couldn't believe how long they were managing to fuck without Jack blowing his load. They had a slow rhythm going that was in sync with the yacht as it pitched up and down with each wave.
"You know when you were playing with and sucking my boobs...well that made my pussy really tingle. Then when you did your stuff over me it happened again. I didn't think it would be very nice having your stuff on me, but it felt really sexy, and I didn't mind. It was really cool to see it happen as it squirted out. Will you play with my titties again. It felt nice when you lightly pinched them, and when you do your stuff, you can do it on them if you want... Could you do your stuff so that it goes over my nipples?"
"Ok...but you better stop right now for a while, or it will be too late." I realised that when she talked to me like that it almost had as much effect on me as what she was doing to my cock. What she had just said nearly put me over the edge yet again. I gently pulled her wrist away. She reached behind and undid her bikini top.
"Might as well get rid of these too," and lifted her bum to slip off the bottoms. Then she turned around onto her knees in front of me, reached forward and pulled my shorts the rest of the way down to my ankles. I kicked them off.
'If you pull open the locker under me, you'll find a life jacket. Kneel on that." There were wooden ribs in the bottom of the boat that had to be bloody hard on her knees.
"Aw... that's better," she said as she slid the life jacket under her knees. "That's nice of you to think of that... You're really nice to me even when we're mucking around. You know when we had a fuck before...I just figured you would have a fuck and that was it, but you made me feel good first...I was a bit nervous you know. Did you just lick and suck me because you like to do that or was it to make me feel better first?"
"Umm...a bit of both really, I wasn't sure if I was going to like licking your pussy, but once I got used to it, I really liked it, especially when you opened your legs right up and pulled my head into your pussy...I guess it was cool that we were both getting turned on at the same time."
Judith smiled at me then reached up and we kissed before she whispered into my ear. "If you play with my boobs then I think I might have a go at sucking on your cock. Would that be alright?"
"Hell yeah," I whispered back and started licking in and around her ear which seemed to turn her to Jelly as she momentarily shook, then sank back onto her knees and put a hand around my cock.
Judith slowly started to pull on me and I placed a hand over her tit then caressed the nipple with my fingers. It immediately became hard under my touch. She stopped the stroking, and I watched as she closed her eyes, put her tongue out and touched it to the tip of my cock. There was a little dribble of precum on the end of her tongue as she pulled it back into her mouth. She took a few seconds to think about the taste then looked up at me and smiled. "It's alright...hardly tastes of anything." She still had her hand wrapped around my cock as she now started licking around the head. The sensation of having the head of my cock licked and the view of Judith's hand around it as she slowly pulled it up and down, caused me to involuntarily pinch Judith's nipple, but she didn't seem to mind. Now she sat back looked at my cock again, looked up at me then placed her lips over the head of my cock and slowly slid them up and down. My natural instinct was to shove it into her mouth, but I resisted knowing I might scare her off. I groaned quietly, but what happened next made me groan out loud, as this time as her lips slid over the head and down the shaft, I felt extra pressure as she sucked her cheeks in. The only thing stopping my cock popping further into her mouth was the top of her hand. After she repeated this process a few more times she sat back again and once more looked up at me.
"Am I doing it alright, I think I'm supposed to suck like that?"
"That feels awesome. Are you okay with it?"
"Yes," she laughed. "It makes me feel real naughty as hell. Theresa was right, boys sure do like their cocks being sucked on. Umm... would you feel up my pussy again and then I'll see if I can suck in more of your cock before you do your stuff. Remember you have to do it on my boobs...over my nipples."
I shook my head. "Shit Judith...if you keep talking like that I'm going to blow before I get anywhere near your boobs." She giggled.
I had my hands full as it was. Trying to keep the yacht on track with one hand while playing with Judith's tits with the other, grabbing glimpses of Jack and Theresa who were still fucking and then trying to concentrate on not cumming as Judith sucked on and wanked my cock.
"Come and sit beside me."
Jack was thrusting into Theresa faster now. She twisted her head back and said something to him. Suddenly jack pulled his cock out grabbed the end of the condom which stretched as he pulled it off, pumped his cock with his hand a couple of times before a couple of streams of cum shot out and over Theresa's bum and back. Jack had his eyes closed in ecstasy as he slumped forward onto Theresa.
Judith laughed. "That was so hot...Theresa sure likes cum on her bum. That's the second time she's copped it."
Jack and Theresa slumped into the bottom of the boat, both obviously exhausted.
I placed my hand on Judith's stomach and she opened her legs as I slid it down over the front of her pussy. She watched as I slid a finger between her pussy lips and started circling it around her clit. By now I knew what made Judith the most excited and felt her clit harden under my touch, her pussy lips were becoming slippery so that my finger slid down to her pussy hole. I kept my touch as light as possible just brushing the top of her clit as I slowly hooked the end of my finger and dabbed it in and out.
"Oh gawd", she moaned, clenched her thighs then relaxed, then spread her legs inviting my finger further into her hole. Her hand went around my cock, and we slowly stroked in rhythm with each other. Judith tried kissing me but with a bit of sea running and the sea breeze now at its full afternoon strength, all my focus was on the bow of the boat as it dipped and lifted to slew across the top of each swell.
"Do it fast now." Her eyes were closed and her voice husky as I gradually increased the pace until my finger was pushing in and out as fast as I could while the palm of my cupped hand slapped against the front of her pussy. Her hand suddenly stopped moving as she squeezed my cock until it was almost painful.
"Gawd...I'm doing it." Judith let out a weird wheezing groan and clamped her legs together. She shook in spasm, and her arms and legs stiffened before she finally slumped back down and leaned against me.
"Didn't know that was going to happen again...you made me do that again, thought I was going to feint." She lightly punched me in the arm, laughed and smiled up at me. "Your turn."
On her knees kneeling on the lifejacket once again, she started pulling up and down on my raging hard cock, dabbed at the precum on the tip with a finger, spread it around, grinned up at me, then slipped the head between her lips. Judith took a couple of slow sucks, pulled off, looked at my cock and this time pushed an inch further down the shaft. I had to look away. The feeling was so incredibly sensitive when she was sucking on the head that I thought I wouldn't be able to hold back. Now as her lips slid up and down the shaft where her hand had been, the feeling changed to one of relief and I knew I could last a little while longer as I tried to put the thought out of my mind that 'a girl is sucking on my cock'.
Theresa had her bikini back on and Jack his shorts. They were both sitting on the side of the boat. Theresa was grinning and Jack smirking as they watched us. Theresa shuffled further along towards us so that she could watch what Judith was doing.
I tried to talk as naturally as possible but there was a catch in my voice as Judith tried sucking yet further down my cock. "Got to Gybe soon mate". We had sailed at least a half mile past the point at Lincoln's Bay and were at the point where we would have to tack back if we went much further.
Jack just laughed at me. "Better finish what you're doing then."
Judith had a finger and thumb around the base of my cock and had managed to get at least half my cock into her mouth. She slid her lips up and down it 2 or 3 times before she would pull off and take another breath, then start again. Theresa was watching intently.
"You're a dirty little bitch Judith. Look at you...anyone would think you've done that before...you should shoot your cum into her mouth Tim...dirty slut deserves it."
Judith stopped and looked up at me. "You wouldn't would you?"
I shook my head and smiled at her.
"Anyway Theresa...you can't talk, you've had three fucks now and two of those were doing it doggy. I think you like boys cumming over your bum...so there."
We all laughed then Judith retuned to my cock, popping it into her mouth. She was obviously trying to suck in as much as she could and I could feel my cock hitting the roof of her mouth, she knelt up straight and as she sank down onto me, at least another half inch slid in. The sensation on my cock transferred down into my balls and I knew I couldn't hold on any longer.
"Now Judith." I pulled my cock from her mouth, but she pushed my hand away and held it pointing at one nipple then stroked it a couple of times. I groaned as my cum shot onto her tit. She squealed but kept pumping as she pointed it from one nipple to the other while I unloaded a shot of cum onto each until I had no more, then laughed as we both looked at the mess I had made.
"Slut," said Theresa.
"You too," retaliated Judith.
Theresa threw Judith a towel and I pulled on my shorts.
"Got to gybe Tim."
Part Nine.
We shuffled the girls forward and told them to sit on the floor and watch the boom as Jack and I put the yacht through the Gybe and headed back into the bay. The breeze had pushed a bit of swell into the bay and as we ran in, we warned the girls to grab their gear and be ready to jump. I was on the bow and jumped off into chest high water as we swung head to wind. "Off, get off now." Jack yelled as the girls slipped off the stern into waist high water holding their bags over their heads. It took a bit of work to get the yacht off the beach and tack into the wind to clear the bay. We looked back at the beach where the girls stood waving to us.
Jack and I felt pretty smug with ourselves as we headed up the estuary and made our way up the creek to the boatshed. We went through the yacht with a fine-tooth comb ensuring there was no evidence remaining of the day's activities which was just as well as Jacks dad had seen us returning and had come down to help us wash and ready for the following days racing.
"Practising." Was jack's reply to his father's query as to what we were doing all day. Luckily, the next day we had some of the best results of the series, a first and a second, which pleased Jack's dad no end. "See what happens when you put the time in and practise boys. Keep at it." If only he knew.
Our relationship with the girls at school went from 'them and us' to the four of us hanging around together more than ever, and the boat shed became our hang out where we were able to meet up and muck around. Jack and Theresa seemed to become more intimate and would often meet up without Judith and me around.
Judith was the most promiscuous and sensual girl I was ever to meet. In a way she misled me as to how I perceived most women viewed sex and relationships. There were no boundaries when it came to what she would do and for my part I was a willing participant as I had a natural inclination to give as much as I received. I got to know her erogenous zones, her ears, nipples, the small of her back. I could make her come without even going anywhere near her pussy, but when I did, I was to find she was multi-orgasmic. When we fucked, she would hold me squeezed between her legs and might have 3 or 4 orgasms over a few minutes after I had finished. Fucking was a problem though as I refused to do it without a condom, and they were hard to come by. Several times we came dangerously close to throwing caution to the wind and although I felt the loss of sensitivity when we had a condom, it helped me to prolong our sessions. The temptation to try it without, was at times almost over-whelming. The situation was alleviated when one of Jack's brother's mates came up with a whole box of 50 for us. Terry was our hero and constantly kept us in awe with his stories of conquests of the opposite sex and what his group of friends got up to. Their parties were legendary. They had a carved wooden spoon (called the ugly stick) that was given to the guy who brought the ugliest chick to the party, but the deal was that everyone had to try and come on to the chick or else they had to supply the beer at the next party. We knew, or at least hoped that Terry wouldn't spill the beans to Jack's brother about the condoms.
So, with an endless supply of condoms the four of us were at it like rabbits. Judith couldn't get enough, and it was around this time I realised she wasn't normal, in fact she was a nymphomaniac, but I didn't know what the word meant back in those days although I was soon to learn as Theresa often called Judith a 'Nympho'.
Judith wanted to try everything and wasn't shy in telling me what she wanted us to experiment with next. Her favourite thing to do, was straddle my face as I licked her, then as soon as she came (which often left me with sore ears), she would grab my cock, guide it into her pussy and straddle my hips while having me play with her tits. This way she was able to control her orgasms by stopping and starting as she slid up and down my shaft until she lost control completely and would fall forward onto my chest as I felt her pussy pulsing around my cock.
Part Ten.
Our reckoning with Shane came a few weeks after our first yacht trip. School had finished for the day and Judith and I were walking towards the main gate after meeting up, coming from different classes. Jack and Theresa were thirty metres ahead of us when they both suddenly stopped. Following their gaze, I saw Shane and Ricky outside the school gates. This wasn't the first time that they had come to harass the younger kids as they left school for the day. All the kids were taking a wide berth as they streamed through the gate, but some started turning around and heading back into school to use the back gate.
Shane had a terrified boy named Glen pinned by the scruff of the neck up against the single wooden fence rail. He was about 13 in his first year at high school, a good kid who was a wicked rugby player. As last year students in a bit of fill in year, Jack and I had been asked to help coach one of the school's rugby teams and we knew Glen well. A first-year teacher by the name of Miss Harrison was supervising the road patrol which looked after the road crossing. She looked lost as to what to do.
Jack dropped his bag and charged down the hill straight through the gate and barrelled into Shane who was taken totally unawares.
I dropped my bag and sprinted down the hill. By the time I got there, Jack and Shane had each other in a clinch but Ricky had jumped onto Jack's back and was trying to pull him backwards with an arm around his neck. I did the same to Ricky but used a knee in the small of his back so that he had no choice other than to let go of Jack as I pulled him over backwards. I tried to keep the headlock on, but he was so wiry that he slipped out of it so that we both now stood facing each other. What came automatically to me was my 'Billy Jack' stance, arms up like a boxer but not with closed fists ready to wrestle or box. Jack and I had practised sparring against one another for hours like this deflecting each other's slaps. Suddenly Ricky went berserk charging in at me with swinging arms and fists that rained around my head. I had covered up and only a few of his punches got through, these hitting my ears and the back of my head. Ricky was fighting like a girl, arms swinging flat out one after another, he wasn't even watching where he was punching.
Jack and I used to play a game where we would punch one another as hard as we could on that upper part of the arm where it has most muscle. We had learnt that to achieve maximum effect you didn't punch at the arm but at an imaginary spot on the other side of it. I took a small step back and let rip aiming not at Ricky's head but behind it. It caught him neatly on the side of his nose and upper lip. He staggered back and sat down on his bum. Holding his hands to his face and then pulling them away, they were covered in blood which continued to pour out of his nose. Ricky stood up and I advanced on him again, not believing my luck with that punch, and with adrenalin up and confidence soaring was ready to have another go, but he backed away. I quickly shot a glance behind me and saw that it was all over for Shane. Jack had him on the ground. He was behind Shane with an arm around his neck and was smacking punches into the side of his head. Jack's legs were wrapped around Shane's and his ankles were locked together. Jack had got me in this position when we wrestled and there was no way out of it. Ricky moved around me as if to help his mate, but I moved with him to block his way, almost daring him to try it and glaring at him while maintaining my best Billy Jack stance.
Miss Harrison was yelling at a couple of kids who sprinted back up the hill to "Get Mr Bowden". Bowden was the headmaster at the school. However, a black and white Holden pulled up at the curb. Constable Miller was our local cop. Often before and after school he would come along to check on the school patrol and ensure that cars took heed of the stop signs, and God help anyone who ran and didn't walk across the road. Miller was huge and our fathers knew him well as he was a member of the Returned Services Association. Jack's, Judith's, and my father's had all fought in World War II. Although in a way we had been a bit intimidated by Miller, he was fair. Many years previously he had caught Jack and I raiding an orchard. Rather than telling our parents which would have resulted in a hiding, he had turned us around and given us both a kick in the bum with his bloody great boot.
Now he casually strode over to Jack and Shane, reached down grabbed Shane by the arm, pulled him off Jack, waltzed him down to his car, opened the back door and shoved him in. Then he did the same to Ricky but made him stand against the car so that he didn't get blood everywhere. He just pointed to Jack and me then to the fence where we both stood while he retrieved a first aid kit from the boot of the cop car, pulled out some cotton wool and shoved it at Ricky.
"Anything to say for yourselves boys?" He stood in front of us and folded his arms.
"No sir." Jack and I responded in unison.
Then that kid Glen wandered over and stood in front of Miller. "Excuse me sir. They were just trying to help me from getting beat up because I wasn't going to give those guys my pocket money."
Miller looked down on him, smiled and then patted him on the head with his bloody great paw.
"Thank you, son. Now off you go."
Now Miller leaned over us and signalled us to listen as he quietly spoke to us so that nobody could hear. "Ok fellas, I don't have to be very smart to figure out what went on here. Those two clowns finally got their comeuppance. You see, I'm not allowed to say this, but I can't say I'm sad to see it happen, but...that's just between us and don't piss me off by repeating it. Now...I think I might just have a word with your parents in case any of this gets back to them and for the school's sake, or else I won't be doing my job and that won't look good, but I'm sure they won't be angry after I talk to them. Lastly don't go around beating people up and thinking your tuff just because you beat these two clowns...do you understand me? Jack your old man tells me you want to join up and become a cop in a couple of years. Good for you mate, but don't blow it by getting a record."
"Yes sir."
"Good...now I want you to go over to poor Miss Harrison now and tell her your sorry for giving her a fright. Ok".
"Yes sir." There was a hint of a grin on his face as he said it, then he strode away down to his car grabbed Ricky by the arm, shoved him in the back and drove off.
There were maybe fifty of our school's students who had watched the fight. When it began, a few of them had started that age old chant "Fight...fight...fight", but that had quickly dissipated when they realised this was not your usual call each other names, throw a couple of half-hearted punches and walk away best of mate's affairs.
As we walked towards Miss Harrison, they parted to let us through. Most were grinning at us.
Miss Harrison definitely looked pale.
"Sorry Miss didn't mean to give you a fright."
"I'll have to report you to Mr Bowden you know."
"Yes Miss."
We walked away, and there were the girls with our bags grinning up at us as we headed off down the road. There was a sudden outbreak of chatter behind us as some of the younger kids started to re-enact what they had just seen, which stopped abruptly as Bowden appeared and shooed everyone home. The girls said nothing, even Judith kept her mouth shut for once but when I glanced at Theresa, I could see just how proud she was of Jack. Jack and I were trying to act cool as though it was an everyday occurrence, but I had a problem, in fact I had two. The first was my hand, which throbbed like hell and when I glanced at it, I could tell it was starting to swell. The second was that I felt myself begin to shake, or at least feel as though I was shaking. I covered it up by grabbing my hand and pulling it to my chest and groaning which was of immediate concern to the girls who fussed over me. It throbbed with the same sort of pain I had had when I broke my arm. The girls wanted to go to the boatshed, but we fobbed them off. Both of us wanted to get home before constable Miller turned up. After they had gone, Jack and I stood on the corner of my street, grinning, and laughing at each other.
"Billy bloody Jack eh."
"You can talk... you thrashed Shane." We couldn't stop grinning.
As I got to my house, constable Miller's car was parked outside, and he was walking back up the drive. "Alright young fella," he said as he walked past me.
"Yes sir."
"Good."
"Don't know whether to be mad at you or kiss you," was my mother's reaction, till she noticed my hand and placed it between two bags of frozen peas. Dad was overseas on business so that was a bit of good luck, but I knew that Jack was in for a hard time, his old man was tough on his two sons.
I walked to school the next morning with the hand bandaged and my arm in a sling but got rid of both as I turned the corner from home. I wasn't going to school that day looking like Ricky might have hurt me or more to the point I hurt my hand on Ricky's face. Unfortunately, when the swelling went down after a couple of days, the pain was still there. A trip to the doctor then hospital and x rays showed a fracture which meant having the fractured finger bound to the adjoining two for five weeks.
Part Eleven
At school Jack and I were heroes. There was only one thing talked about and we were it. Trying to act cool wasn't easy when the younger kids would come up and just grin at us. All of them had lived under the fear of Shane and his gang. Our visit to Bowden's office didn't result in anything other than him shouting at us about no fighting at school. Jack was cheeky enough to point out that we were outside the school grounds which made him shout even louder, "Get out."
The girls said they had a special surprise for us and wanted us to meet them at the boatshed after school.
"Theresa and I thought you guys might want to play swapsies." Jack and I looked at one another.
"Why?"
"Well, it's a sort of present...umm you know a thank you for what you did yesterday. We wanted to give you something, but we didn't know what, so we thought that maybe we could do it like this."
"You don't need to do that Judith. Jack and I wanted to smack those dickheads anyway."
"Yeah, but you hurt your hand and got into trouble with the cops and Mr Bowden, then your parents."
"Nah," said Jack. "Bowden didn't do anything, and the cop and my old man just sat down and had a beer together. Everyone seems pleased we did it. My old man didn't say anything, I think he was proud we did it."
"But you did it for me. No one's ever done anything like that for me before." Theresa was quite emotional, and her eyes were watering up. Jack put her arms around her, and she started sobbing into his chest. Judith and I looked at each other awkwardly, and I nodded towards the door so they could be left alone. We wandered down to the riverbank and sat with our legs over the edge.
"Gawd...never seen her like that before, that's only the second time I've seen her cry."
"Do you really want Jack to fuck you and Theresa to fuck me?"
"I don't know, suppose I don't mind."
"Here's the thing Judith...I'm a bit pissed off. You wanted me to be your boyfriend, and we've done shitloads of cool stuff together. I've really got to like you... not just for sex...but you think it's ok to just go and root someone else. If you think it's okay to do that, then how do I know you won't do it with the next guy who comes along?"
I waited for a while, but Judith said nothing. I got up and walked away back up the road without looking back.
Part Twelve
The next day was a Saturday and with the tides right again. Jack and I were going sailing. I had got up early and had the yacht ready to go by the time Jack got to the boatshed. I guess I was trying to keep my mind off Judith.
"Shit mate...what was that about?"
"Judith needs to grow up...she acts like a little kid. What do you think about her wanting to swap?"
"Bit surprised at first...but you know how you've been telling me about how she can't get enough of it and how she fucks you silly, can't say the idea of doing her hasn't occurred to me." Jack laughed and punched me in the arm. "Don't know if Theresa was that keen though, she was bawling her eyes out. Pissed me off when she wouldn't tell me what was wrong. Keep thinking she might be pregnant or something. Anyway...stuff it...let's just go sailing, got a couple of bottles and some Crunch, what have you got?"
"Just Sandwiches."
I was a bit useless with my crook hand so hopped on the Tiller while Jack did everything else, including having to paddle halfway down the creek. As we got to the mouth of the estuary, there were Judith and Theresa standing on the bank with their bags in their hands.
"Shit...who invited them?"
"I did," said Jack grinning at me.
"Aw for fucks sake Jack, last thing I need...just thought we could go for a sail."
"Nah...needs sorting out. I want to find out what's up with Theresa, she wouldn't tell me yesterday and if you are going to dump Judith...then you had better tell her."
"Aw shit...how about we just take Theresa then...Judith can piss off... anyway what if your old man's watching?"
"Sorry mate, but Theresa won't come without Judith, my olds are up North for the weekend watching rugby...come on pull in."
I nosed the bow into the bank and the girls hopped aboard but not before Jack made them wash the mud off their feet. I gave Judith a bit of a dirty look to let her know I wasn't very happy about the situation. She tried to smile at me and sat down on the floor at the back of the boat next to me, while Jack and Theresa sat together on the side of the boat. Nobody said a word for 20 minutes as we headed towards the island. Then Theresa and Jack started whispering together. Theresa pulled off her shirt as the morning warmed up then unclipped her Bikini top. 'Bugger' I thought to myself, last thing I needed was to get a hard on perving on Theresa's tits. Then Judith followed suit. I tried to ignore her, and we both stared ahead.
"I'm sorry," Judith eventually said. "Didn't know you would feel that way about it...I was just trying to be nice to you, and Theresa and I had a big argument too, she said it was a dumb idea and didn't know why she agreed to it in the beginning. Can't we just forget about it and go back to normal?"
"Like I said before, I don't trust you anymore. Seems to me all you want to do is fuck, and you don't care who it's with. You need to grow up Judith unless you're happy to just spend the rest of your life being the world's biggest slut. How come your like that anyway?"
I had become aware that Jack and Theresa had been listening to us. "Yeah Judith...all you've done for weeks is talk about what you two have done. Don't you like Tim enough that you can't just do it with him?"
Judith remained silent with her head down and I started feeling sorry for her and a bit guilty when I saw a couple of tears drip down onto one of her tits.
"I'm sorry you guys...I don't know what's wrong with me. I just want to have some fun. I just really like doing it. It's the best feeling in the world and it's exciting when we try new stuff. I didn't know you guys weren't the same. What do you want me to do?"
"If you want to go with me Judith then you've got to promise me you won't muck around with anyone else. If you can't, then I don't want anything more to do with you. Have a think about it and let me know." I was being sarcastic, but I didn't really care. If she had to think about it, then I would drop her anyway.
"I promise...I promise. I'll do anything you guys want. Don't want any of us not to be friends. I'm sorry Theresa, sorry Jack... you can make me do anything you want as punishment if you like, I'll be your slave if you like. Please Tim."
I looked at Jack and Theresa. I could see by the looks on their faces that they wanted me to agree. The four of us had had a good thing going.
"Tell you what Judith. I want to talk to Jack and Theresa. You go up and sit on the bow while we have a talk, and you can put your fingers in your ears and look straight ahead, don't want to... then that's fine we can just fuck off back home."
She looked at me with a bit of hope in her eyes and I had to stop her from scrambling forward too fast before the others came back for fear of upsetting the balance of the boat. Theresa sat next to me and Jack on the side of the boat next to her. As per usual it took a lot of effort not to stare at Theresa's tits.
"What do you guys reckon, should I trust her or not?"
"I think she's got a hell of a fright. Best thing was for you to do that. She might be my best friend but ever since I've known her, she's dragged me into things I didn't want to do and you've seen how she acts sometimes, like a little kid. I know what she's like...umm promise you guys won't tell anybody this."
"Yeah."
"Well, we've been doing each other for a couple of years now. I don't mean were proper lesbians... we both like boys, but we started doing each other's pussies with our fingers and then other things and right from the time we started she just wanted more and more. She goes off so fast, she's a proper nympho. I think now is our chance to really give it to her and teach her a lesson. She said she would do anything and be a slave. I don't mind if Jack joins in if you guys want to give it to her...I mean fuck some sense into her, but what do you guys think?"
I looked at Jack. "Do you want to fuck her mate, because right now I don't care?".
"How about this. For today and today only, anything goes...I mean the four of us. Then after that we go back to just couples...that's if you still want Judith."
"Yes," nodded Theresa and I agreed, "Bloody good idea...how about the three of us take turns at making her do stuff, see who comes up with the dirtiest thing we can do to her."
Lastly Theresa threw in. "Fuck her until she begs you to stop, then give her more. That way she might get it out of her system. Think up the filthiest things you can."
We all laughed then called her back after I had thrown in a Gybe. After explaining what we had decided she readily agreed with a huge grin of relief.
Part Thirteen.
"What's first then?"
"Beer and Crunch," said Jack.
"Ok," said Judith and happily grabbed them. Jack opened the bottle and passed it to me." You'll have to feed me Judith." I waved my crook hand in the air. She happily broke open the chocolate and fed me a couple of pieces. "Can I have some?"
"What do you reckon guys, Judith wants some beer?"
"Umm...I don't know, she hasn't done much yet, what do you think Jack?"
"Nah, she'll only want a piss and Tim won't be able to hold her over the side of the boat."
"Aw...you guys, don't be mean."
"Mean...you haven't seen anything yet." I handed her the bottle.
"My turn," said Theresa. "Judith...I want you to take off your pants and play with your pussy until it gets really wet. Sit on the centre case thingy so we can all watch",.
"Theresa!!"
"Shut up Judith and do it or were going back."
Judith looked at me, I just shrugged. "Theresa's choice...you agreed." Then she looked around at the others.
"Alright then I will," she said with a bit of conviction in her voice. Her shorts and bikini bottoms were pushed off and she turned around and placed her bum on the centre case, looked around at us again and spread her legs. I was conscious of other boats in the area and twice so far that morning had to change course to keep well away from another yacht and an anchored fishing boat, so as I glanced around, I didn't see Judith start to rub the front of her pussy. She kept her head down and for the first time ever I thought she might be embarrassed.
Theresa let her carry on for a while. "Come on Judith open your legs up so the boys can see, make yourself nice and wet then fuck yourself with your fingers. You can be a dirty girl; we don't mind do we boys. Show us how you like the boys to play with your pussy." Theresa wasn't talking to Judith in a nasty way but more in an encouraging sexy voice.
Theresa talking like that, and the sight of Judith sitting there with her knees spread had me hard as hell. Jack was no different. Theresa saw the expression on Jack's face and reached back and started to rub his cock through his shorts. All three of us were getting horny as hell while Judith was beginning to relax now and concentrate on her clit.
"Someone could help me," said Judith.
"No. This time it's not about you, you little slut, it's about us and we've decided we want to see you fuck yourself. You might have to get used to it anyway if you end up on your own."
Judith resigned herself to the inevitable and I saw a finger pushed between her pussy lips and disappear, then a second, her head tilted up, and she closed her eyes. The movement of her hand increased and I knew that she was close to cumming. I knew her well enough now to know she was an exhibitionist at heart and got off on giving a bit of a show. Sure enough before long she let out a groan and squeezed her legs together, shuddering before she relaxed. But she wasn't done yet and squeezed her thighs together again as a second round of spasms hit her. Showing off could make her cum almost as fast as when I fucked her.
"Suck your fingers now Judith and open your legs so we can see your nice wet pussy."
She opened her eyes and didn't take them off Theresa, as her fingers came to her lips, and she slowly sucked them in. It was one of the sexiest things I was ever to witness and reminded me of a game of Dare. Jack and I felt like bystanders watching a battle of wills. Judith not only had her legs open but spread them as wide as she could before pushing two fingers into herself and then sucking on them again. I don't think Theresa was expecting that.
"You're such a dirty little bitch Judith."
"I know I am." She giggled and it broke the tension. "See, it doesn't worry me what you make me do Theresa."
"Go and sit on the bow again Judith...and block your ears." She did as she was told and the three of us got our heads together.
"Dammit," said Theresa. "She enjoyed that...doesn't matter what we do we can't humiliate her. We got to think of something else."
"I've got one," said Jack. "It's a bit sick though... how about we make her steer the boat...but she's not allowed to use her hands."
Theresa and I looked at him quizzically, then we burst out laughing as the penny dropped.
"How did you come up with that?" Theresa asked.
"You were playing with my dick, and from where I was sitting Judith's pussy was lined up with Tim's hand on the end of the tiller, I was thinking about when you told us you used other things on each other when I suddenly had the thought."
We talked about the details.
"Come back Judith...we've got something for you."
Jack told her the rules. "What Tim's holding onto is the tiller, and that's how we steer the boat with the rudder as you know. You're going to steer the boat, but you can't touch the tiller with your hands or feet."
The Tiller was a four-foot-long mahogany pole, square on one end where it went through the top of the rudder, while the other end of the shaft was round, about an inch in diameter with a round knob on the end to stop the steering hand slipping off. We oiled the shaft regularly with wood oil to keep it supple and stop it drying out in the sun. So, it was as smooth as ebony.
"How am I supposed to do that?" Then it dawned on her. She giggled. "You want me to steer it by putting it between my legs...but if I muck it up won't I tip the boat over?"
"You better concentrate real hard then. No, Tim's going to keep his hand on the tiller in case, but he's only going to steer if he needs to, so you better listen to your instructions."
Judith stood in front of, but with her back to me besides the Tiller. The tiller was nearly the same height as the junction at the top of her legs.
"Ok here goes."
I had to shift my hand back and duck sideways as she swung her leg up and over the Tiller like she was mounting a bike seat.
"Don't sit down on it," I warned her "You'll break it. Move right." She giggled as she pushed her hips to the right. "Centre," and she moved her hips back. "Move forward Judith." Trying to control the tiller with my hand halfway down it, was twice as hard as having my hand on the end. With a steady offshore breeze pushing from behind us, steering only required correcting an inch or two each way.
"You've got to do it right on the end Judith, move up as much as you can."
"I can't go any further."
I stood up and looked around her. Sure enough, the knob on the end of the Tiller was pushed up against the front of her pussy. Her pussy lips were slightly spread on either side of the wooden handle. Her eyes were wide, and she continued to giggle. Sitting back down I slid my hand as far forward as I could up against her bum cheeks, while continuing to give her directions. "Left...right...centre...not too fast." She moved her hips this way and that but standing on the rocking yacht wasn't easy. What she did next just about made me lose it. Judith shifted her feet apart a bit more then leaned forward putting her hands on her knees. As she lifted her bum, her puckered arsehole lifted clear of the shaft. I couldn't help myself and pushed my hand forward with one finger sliding under her pussy. Judith lifted her bum higher to let me get further under her. Her pussy was wet around my finger and the shaft was sticky with her juice.
Theresa and Jack had been smiling at Judith's antics but now Theresa moved back to sit beside me so that she could see what was going on. If I had a free hand, I would have loved to play with one of those beautiful tits. Her nipples were hard, and she was obviously aroused as she quietly spoke to Judith
"Do you know how silly you look Judith? You've got that thing between your legs and Tim's got his hand under your bum and a real hard cock that he wants to fuck you with and so does Jack. They're going to Fuck you so hard you won't be able to sit down for a week. We're going to make you suck their cocks while they fuck your mouth and I hope they shoot their cum down your throat because you're just a dirty little fucking slut, but not before you lick out my pussy you dirty little bitch." Judith groaned and ground her pussy back onto my hand.
I couldn't believe what a normally quiet Theresa was saying. Once Theresa had Judith at a disadvantage, she was letting her have it. I glanced at Jack who just shrugged his shoulders at me. Theresa moved back next to Jack. She was obviously randy as hell and pulled Jack's shirt off then yanked his shorts down. Jacks rock hard cock only came into view for a second, before she wrapped her hand around it. I checked for boats around us and hoped the launch a half mile away didn't have binoculars on us. Judith was beginning to groan now each time I gave her instructions. I bent my thumb up so that the knuckle pushed against her arsehole. I had given her arse an occasional lick before when she had been sitting on my face, and even dabbed at it with my finger a few times, but she surprised me by pushing her bum onto it and then sliding back and forward on the shaft. I knew she was going to cum soon as she started to gasp and pick up the pace her hips moving faster and faster on the shaft. One long groan and then her thighs squeezed onto the shaft and my hand, relaxed then squeezed half a dozen more times. She slumped forward and grabbed the back of the centre case presenting me with an open view of her pussy as it twitched. I was so randy that I reached forward and pushed a finger against her exposed hole. For a while she did nothing then I felt her push back. She wasn't done yet. Her hole was slippery with her cum, and I slowly increased the pace when she suddenly reached behind and pushed my hand away then shuffled backward so that the knob on the end of the tiller was against her pussy hole. Now she worked on the knob until ever so gently, the one-inch shaft slipped inside her. While this was happening, I was still giving her steering instructions and the left and right hip movements helped the knob wriggle further into her hole. Sitting behind her I was gobsmacked at what she was doing. After a few moments she started to ride the shaft. Theresa and Jack were staring at her open mouthed.
"Shit Judith, you are the world's most shameless hussy."
"I know. This feels so good though...can't help myself," giggled Judith as she increased the tempo.
Teresa turned to Jack and whispered in his ear. Jack looked at Judith then nodded. He got up, kicked away his shorts and then swung his leg over the centre case facing Judith, shuffled down towards her and lifted her hands off the end of the case and placed them on his thighs. His cock was only inches from her face.
"Suck it Judith, lick and suck Jack's cock." Judith dropped onto her elbows supporting herself on Jack's thighs then licked around the head of his cock before pressing her lips onto the head and pushing it into her mouth. She started a slow rhythm of sucking him in and out. Theresa moved over so she could watch then sat beside me to watch Judith's pussy with the end of the Tiller sliding in and out of it. I checked around for other boats again. Theresa knelt between Judith and Jack before suddenly wrapping one hand around the base of Jack's cock and balls, and the other onto the back of Judith's head. I dabbed a finger against Judith's puckered arsehole. Judith immediately pushed back onto it forcing more of the Tiller into her pussy.
"You like sucking Jack's cock; does it feel naughty? How much cock can you fit in your mouth you dirty cock sucking slut?" She was pushing Judith's head down now at the same time as she pulled Jack's cock up and into Judith's mouth. Jack gave me a 'do you believe this is happening', look.
"Look at you... you filthy little bitch. Sucking on a boy's cock with another big wooden cock up your pussy and Tim's touching your areshole now. You're the filthiest girl in the whole wide world and I hope the boys fuck your dirty little pussy so hard later, that you'll beg them to stop. Where do you want Jack to do his stuff? All over your face or in your dirty little cock sucking mouth. No...don't say anything, he can decide."
Shit, I'm thinking to myself. Theresa was giving Judith hell before, but this was on a new level. She was trying as hard as she could to humiliate Judith but all that was happening was Judith getting more and more into it the dirtier Theresa talked.
All this dirty talk was getting to me as well, my cock was trying to bust out of my shorts and there was nothing I could do about it with one hand on the Tiller and the other useless with fingers still taped together. I didn't want to cum in my pants, but I was close. "Hold still." I told Judith and took my hand off the Tiller, stood up, undid my shorts, and pushed them down. With my cock free I sat down again and placed my hand back on the Tiller. Theresa glanced at my cock and grinned at me.
"Tim's got his cock out Judith. Want him to shoot his stuff over you? He's looking at your bum and what you've got shoved up your hole." Judith groaned with her mouth full of Jack's cock.
How Jack was holding out I had no idea as Judith was sucking so hard on his cock, I could see her cheeks concaving in each time she pulled up his shaft. She had a rhythm going now, forward on the Tiller as she sucked up the length of Jacks cock, then back onto the tiller as she slid back up his cock with the help of Theresa's hand. Slowly the tempo increased but I didn't know if it was Theresa or Judith who had picked up the speed. The end of my finger was still pushing against Judith's arse which suddenly relaxed allowing my finger to slide in to the first knuckle. It was incredibly warm. This must have been the trigger as she started to cum. I felt her arse pulsate around my finger; her hips started bucking on the tiller shaft and I hoped she didn't break it. Jack pulled his cock from her mouth and gave it a couple of pumps, Theresa held Judith's head so that she couldn't pull away and two squirts of Jack's cum hit her face. Her mouth was open as she squealed allowing cum to hit her open mouth, She that funny mewling sound that went hand and hand with her own cum as Jack's dribbled out of the side of her mouth. Theresa had hold of Jack's cock and was wiping the end of it over Judith's face and lips as even more cum flowed out. Judith squeezed her thighs together and gripped onto my finger as her backside shook. I pulled my finger from her, grabbed my cock, and held it over her arse. With just a couple of pumps I couldn't hold out any longer. I was grunting as cum shot over her arse cheeks and dribbled down between them and over her arsehole.
Part Fourteen.
Because I hadn't been paying attention the yacht started rounding up into the wind. "Off Judith, get off," I called out. She didn't move so I pushed her forward hard, and she fell face first onto Jacks lap as I yanked the Tiller over to pull us back on course. Both Jack and Judith lost their balance and fell into the bottom of the boat. Jack was laughing but Judith just curled up on her side as though she was going to sleep.
"Move you guys, move...there's a boat heading our way. Move it!" The launch was about 400 metres away and heading straight for us. I retrieved my shorts and pulled them on, as did Jack while Theresa threw her shirt on. But Judith didn't move.
"Come on Judith," I yelled at her.
"I can't," she said...giggling as she lay curled up on her side.
Fuck I thought. "Cover her up." I called out and Jack and Theresa grabbed a couple of towels and threw them over her.
The launch cruised past us 50 metres away. Jack and I gave them a wave which is what we did in those days. As they went past our stern, I leaned over on one elbow so that they couldn't see past me into where Judith lay. There were two men and two women in the back of the launch. They looked at us curiously as the boat slid past and I wondered what they had seen. Judith was still giggling under the towels.
"Can I get up yet."
"No.... stay still."
Judith eventually got up and into her Bikini, she was grinning at the three of us.
"You are such a dirty little bitch Judith, that was the rudest thing I have ever seen in my life, I hope your pussy hurts."
"No...it's fine, my pussy has never felt better. Can I have some beer to wash my mouth out."
We cracked up laughing and Jack went to open another beer before Theresa reminded him that it was Judith's job to supply the refreshments and entertainment, which put us all in hysterics again.
The bay was empty, and the girls dived off and started splashing around as we drifted in. After dropping off the bags and anchoring, Jack and I joined them which resulted in the inevitable cock fight. We lay in the sun, and I would have been happy to spend the rest of the day doing just that, but Theresa had other ideas.
"Tim's turn. What do you want to do Tim?" I hadn't even given it a thought.
"Buggered if I know. Have a feed...hope you girls brought us something to eat, swim, lay in the sun like we are now."
"No way. We had an agreement you guys. You have to fuck Judith silly."
"I think she just did that herself," laughed Jack. "We can't just turn it on Theresa...need a bit of time to recover. Anyway, not doing anything here on the beach. Look!"
Two yachts were nosing into the bay. We gathered everything up and headed up the track. Judith grabbed my hand and pulled me back behind the others.
"Are you mad at me for sucking Jack's cock...Theresa made me do it you know?"
"Did you like it?"
"Umm...didn't mind," she giggled. "You can do anything you want if you like to make up for it. Isn't there anything you want...I didn't mind your finger in my bum...you could do that if you like...put your thing in my bum hole."
I stopped in my tracks. "Shit Judith...I'm not a Homo, that's what they do."
"Jack and Theresa have done it."
"What?"
"Jack fucked Theresa's bum. They didn't have a Frenchie, and both wanted to fuck, so Jack fucked Theresa up the bum."
There wasn't much Jack didn't tell me, but he hadn't told me that, guess he might have thought I might give him shit about being a queer.
"I don't think I could if I wanted to... it was really tight Judith."
"But we could try if you wanted to. You're getting a stiffy aren't you. Maybe your cock wants to even if you don't." She grabbed the front of my shorts and started rubbing it, then reached up and started kissing me. The thought that she had had Jack's cum on her lips immediately came to mind.
"Come on... let's see what happens. I'm sure Theresa has something in mind for us."
We sat in the clearing, drank beer, and ate 'Crunch'. Judith drank more than her share and started to giggle at everything that was said.
"What's it going to be Tim?"
I had been anticipating the question. "Umm...how about a show for us. Judith can lick your pussy to get Jack and me ready again."
"Good idea." Theresa stood up and shrugged off her shorts and bikini bottom. "Come here Judith. Start licking." A giggling Judith who I figured might have drunk a bit too much beer again, got onto her knees as Theresa shifted her feet apart then pulled Judith's head into her crutch. "Good little bitch...show the boys what you like doing to me." Theresa pulled apart the top of her pussy lips with her free hand exposing her clit which Judith flicked at with the tip of her tongue. Theresa pushed her hips forward as she opened her legs wider giving Judith better access to her pussy.
"That's it...show Jack and Tim how you like to lick around my hole and put your tongue into it...no wait...take your clothes off and lie down on your back...I'm going to sit on you. Then it's Jack's turn...what do you want to do Jack?"
"Just watch the show girls, maybe you could work me up again," he laughed then dropped his shorts to expose his cock. I followed suit, already hard.
Theresa straddled Judith's tits then shuffled up so that her crutch was poised over Judith's mouth. She reached behind and undid her bikini top then lowered herself so that her pussy was just millimetres from Judith's mouth. Judith didn't need any encouragement and started licking Theresa's pussy. Theresa gently moved her hips back and forward placing Judith's tongue where she wanted it.
Jack moved in front of Theresa and knelt down so that he got a good view of Theresa's pussy with Judith's tongue licking it. I knelt beside Judith's legs so that my view was from behind, not being able to resist I reached up and started playing with Judith's tits. Her legs opened as I gently pinched her nipples, and she shifted a hand onto my leg. I shuffled up a bit and Judith put her hand around my cock. Theresa had leant forward and supporting herself on her hands started licking Jack's cock which he was gently pumping. Dragging my hand down Judith's stomach over the furry down on her pussy, I then spread her lips with a finger and thumb. She groaned into Theresa's pussy and quickened the tempo of her licking. Theresa had started sucking onto Jack's cock now when suddenly she leant further forward exposing her puckered arsehole so that Judith's tongue which had been in her pussy was now in line with it as Theresa squatted down.
"Poke it in you dirty bitch...poke your tongue into my bum hole."
Judith didn't hesitate. Her tongue flicking around and then pushing into Theresa's arse. Theresa groaned and bucked. Meanwhile I pushed a finger into Judith. Her pussy wasn't as tight as normal and was puffy around the lips which I figured was due to fucking herself on the Tiller. She opened her legs wider and bent up her knees as I slowly wanked her with one then a second finger.
Theresa rolled off Judith and lay next to her on the ground leaning on an elbow.
"That's enough...don't want you guys coming too soon. Judith...let go of Tim's cock."
"Aw...I was having fun," she giggled.
"So was I," said Jack.
"Tim's turn, how do you want to fuck her Tim? Want to do her doggy, fuck the little slut in the arse...remember you guys have to fuck her silly. Maybe you'll need to fuck her a couple of times each. Hope your dicks are up to it," she laughed. "Come on Tim, how do you want to do it?"
Part Fifteen.
Ever since Judith first told me about it, I had Thought about what Shane had done to Theresa.
"Ok I want to fuck Judith while you guys hold her legs up straight up in the air by her ankles like Shane did with Theresa."
"Yes please," said Judith, Jack and I laughed. Theresa just shook her head.
Theresa made Judith roll the condom onto my cock. For once there was no foreplay. Jack and Judith took an ankle each, spread Judith's legs and then held them pointing straight up as I crawled between them, shoved my cock into her and started fucking.
"Not allowed to kiss her...only fuck her. If you cum, she can suck you hard again while Jack does her and we'll keep doing that till she begs us to stop. If you guy's need a rest, I'll do her with my fingers until you're ready."
I was conscious that I was supposed to fuck Judith as long and as hard as possible, but having Judith spread so wide and not as tight as normal, I was as deep inside her as I had ever been, within a few strokes my balls were hitting on her arse. Judith started grunting and I wondered how long it would be before she came. When she did, I knew I would have trouble holding off, as she would always squeeze on my cock and her pussy muscles rippling would always make me cum. I pulled out as she started to make that funny mewling sound like a cat. It must have been agony for her as she was unable to clench her thighs as she usually did when cumming. Jack and Theresa held her legs up and wide open as she thrashed her hips around. She was panting before she finally relaxed.
Theresa started laughing. "Good job. Guess what you're going to get now Judith...more cock...more cock than you know what to do with and the boys can keep doing you just like this."
Theresa had finally found a way to humiliate and make Judith suffer, if you could call it that, and intended making the most of it. I started to fuck Judith again, this time it was a good five minutes before Judith came again and once more, I pulled out as I felt her start to cum. Judith kicked and twisted through her orgasm so that Jack and Theresa had to grip her ankles extra hard to stop her kicking free. Once her gyrations had stopped, she lay again panting. There was a dribble of her cum juice between her pussy and arse.
"Need a rest Theresa...my ankles are hurting."
Theresa looked at Jack and nodded. They released her legs. I stood up and had to take a couple of steps to steady myself feeling a bit dizzy.
"You want to do her next Jack."
"Hell yeah." Judith was sitting up and Theresa grabbed a condom out of Jack's bag but instead of giving it to Jack, threw it between Judith's legs.
"You put it on him...put it on the cock that's going to fuck you now so that you can give it a good feel first, give it some sucks before you put it on."
I knew Theresa was pushing home her advantage and trying to humiliate Judith at any opportunity. Judith for her part was smiling but not giggling as usual, trying not to act intimidated. Once more this was becoming a battle of wills, Judith not conceding as Jack knelt in front of her spread legs. Judith placed her hand around his cock, gave it a couple of pumps then opened her mouth and ran her lips up and down Jack's cock. Jack was raging hard and pulled off after a few seconds not wanting to cum. Judith ripped open the foil and rolled the condom on to his cock. Judith was an expert at this by now and used her hand around his cock to pull it down. Jack gave out a little groan and with his hands on his thighs leant back arching his back.
'How long was Jack going to last I wondered?' Theresa grabbed both Judith's ankles lifted them up and tipped her onto her back. "Grab one Tim, spread them wide." I wrapped my hands around the ankle and held the leg against my stomach. Together we nearly had Judith's bum lifted off the ground as Jack pushed into Judith and started pumping.
"Give it to her Jack. Fuck her hard as you can...use her like the slut she is."
I must admit that holding her legs up in the air while Judith got fucked was a real turn on, especially while listening to Theresa giving her grief. At times during the day, I had felt a bit sorry for Judith as Theresa continued to do her best to take Judith to the point of giving in and accepting that she had had enough. But Judith kept surprising us by brushing off the insults, and I was coming to the realization that Judith was the ultimate slut and nothing we did to her or said to her was ever going to do anything other than satisfy her own perverted needs. It must have been discouraging to Theresa.
Judith started to groan as Jack started to pump faster and I knew from experience she was showing all the signs of cumming again.
"Stop Jack...don't cum, I want you to fuck me too."
It was too late for Judith though who groaned in frustration as she went through another orgasm.
I'm sure I saw her pussy quivering as Judith sighed, slumped back onto the grass. She lay there spreadeagled, panting again, and as Theresa and I let go of her legs, rolled onto her side.
"Give her some more Tim, but don't cum I've got something else in mind."
Theresa knelt beside Judith and spoke quietly to her. "You had enough yet?" There was no response. "The boys are going to fuck you again and then I'm going to get them to cum all over you because that's what you deserve. You're such a slut Judith...get on your hands and knees, Tim can fuck you doggy...ask Tim to fuck you like a dog Judith...get him to fuck you like the dirty little bitch you are."
Judith just giggled.
"Come on get up and spread your knees Judith, ask Tim to fuck you like a dog."
Judith laughed now, doing as she was told. "Please Tim, fuck me like a dog."
Once again I didn't need any encouragement. Theresa talking like that had made me plenty hard again. I got onto my knees behind her and worked my cock into Judith's pussy using my hand. I still had the condom on, and Judith was so wet that I slipped in easily then pulled her back to sit on my thighs, slid my hands up onto her tits before lifting her up and down on my cock. It wasn't long before she started bouncing up and down on her own. Then Theresa got onto her hands and knees beside Judith, spread her knees apart and said to Jack. "I've watched you guys fucking all day long, I want you to do me now, but don't cum on me...cum all over that dirty bitch next to me. Cum on her face, you guys, then she won't be so smart and giggly."
I was watching Theresa's perfect firm tits next to me; they were pointing straight down and hardly jiggled as Jack started thrusting into her. I pushed Judith forward onto her elbows. Jack looked sideways at me and we both grinned. We started fucking in unison slowly building up the tempo. Judith and Theresa turned their heads towards each other. After a few seconds Judith poked her tongue out at Theresa. "You smart little bitch Judith...you're going to get it for that. Are you guys close."
"Hell yeah," I gasped out.
"Think so." said Jack.
Part Sixteen.
"Ok stop you guys...Judith lie on your back. You can lick my pussy again. Jack, do you want to do my arse, you won't have to wear the 'Frenchie' and Tim you can too if you want. You can do my arse but cum on Judith's face."
"Theresa!!...No...not after that...that's too filthy."
This was the first time Judith had objected to any suggestion made to her. I couldn't tell if she was genuinely outraged or for the first time was trying to show a bit of modesty.
"Lie down on your back Judith...now. I'm not kidding...if you don't the boys can just leave you here on the island."
She looked at each of us. None of us were smiling, but it took a lot of effort for me to keep a straight face and I'm sure Jack too. Judith lay down as Theresa swung her leg over her and straddled her face. Jack pulled off his condom, crouched down behind Theresa then started pushing his cock against Theresa's arsehole.
"Lick me Judith." I moved behind Jack and watched as he continued to force his cock into her bum hole. Theresa's pussy lips were glistening with her wetness, and Judith ran her tongue along Theresa's' pussy slit. Suddenly, Theresa seemed to relax, and Jack's cock slid into her arse. They held still for a while and then gently pushed against one another. I had trouble getting my head around what I was seeing, my mate was fucking a girl in the arse while she was being licked by another girl lying on her back with legs and we had both been fucking her. I couldn't help myself and pushed two fingers into Judith's pussy which was so wet it squelched as I cupped the palm of my hand over the mound of her pubic bone. Driving my fingers deep as I could, she clamped down and squeezed them, then drew her knees up while spreading them apart inviting me to shove hard and fast into her. She responded by giving out a groan. Theresa lowered herself further onto Judith's tongue and started grunting. Jack's cock was at least four inches up Theresa's arse and I could she how tight it must be as he pulled back stretching the pucker of her arsehole before his cock would slide back a bit so that he could force it deeper. She was almost suffocating Judith when Jack pulled out his cock shoved it under Theresa's pussy and wanked it a few times. His cum shot onto Judith's face as Theresa cocked up her leg so she could watch the cum pumping out onto a squealing Judith's closed eyes, her nose and mouth. She went to wipe the cum away, but Theresa stopped her, holding her arms spread. Jack rolled onto his side on the grass and laughed.
"Theresa!!...it's yukky...let me up."
"No...does it taste nice. Come on Tim give her some more, what do you want to do?"
I looked at Jack who just shrugged his shoulders. There was no way I wanted to fuck Theresa in the arse after Jack had, but I really wanted to have a fuck without a condom and see what it was like. Judith was so much smaller than Theresa that I doubted I could do it with her.
"Come on Tim, doesn't matter how dirty it is, she deserves everything she gets...what do you want?"
"To fuck Judith in the arse, but only if she wants me to." I blurted out.
"Ha-ha Judith...now you're going to get it. How do you want to do her, on her back or doggy?"
"Um... I think doggy...don't know if I'll get it in though."
Theresa let go of Judith who immediately wiped her face with her hand. Some of Jack's cum had started to dry and leave a crust around her mouth.
"Use some of this". Theresa had the bottle of coconut oil which she handed to me. "Get on your knees Judith. Poke your bum in the air cause Tim's going to fuck you in the arse."
Judith wasn't giggling now and looked back at me as I pulled of the condom and squirted a bit of oil onto my cock. She got onto her knees then bent forward placing her head on her forearms. Her bum was totally exposed offering me a view of her puckered hole. On an impulse I squirted a bit of oil at her hole. She squealed and jerked forward before resuming her position. My cock was super hard as I pressed it at the centre of her hole and pushed. Nothing happened so I held my cock at a lower angle and raised myself above her, rubbed the head around her hole and pushed again.
"Got to relax Judith. Let him in."
I felt the tension release and now the tip of my cock finally made some progress as a half inch then then the whole head squeezed between the muscles of her entrance. I knew if I didn't hold it there, she would push me back out, so I kept the pressure on using my hips and holding my cock as straight as possible with my hand. Suddenly I felt Judith relax again as she accepted more cock and at least half of it was slowly forced up her shute. It was incredibly warm and tight. I stopped and didn't dare move for fear of being pushed out and we stayed like that for at least a minute before I moved back ever so slightly then pushed forward again. More of my cock eased in and now I felt it was safely inside her and moved my hands down to grip onto her tits while moving back and forward ever so gently, increasing the length of each stroke.
Judith was moaning but I had no idea if it was through pleasure or pain. Theresa was grinning away and got closer to watch.
"Fuck her Tim...fuck the dirty sluts bum hole for me...give her all you've got...he's got his cock in your arse Judith, you dirty little bitch...he's fucking you with his big fat cock."
Judith groaned now with every stroke even though she was still too tight for me to move back and forward much. Once again Theresa's dirty talk was getting to me and I imagined myself like she said...like a dog fucking Judith, and as her tight arsehole became more lubricated, I didn't hold back but started to fuck her as hard as I dared, squatting behind, balancing by holding on to her tits and looking at my cock disappearing into her hole. I felt something touch my balls briefly, it was Theresa's hand as she reached behind, wriggled it around and then pushed fingers into Judith's pussy. Judith let out the loudest moan yet as I felt extra pressure on my cock. Theresa forcing her fingers in and out of the pussy, was having the effect of rubbing my cock through the wall of Judith's arse and pussy. Judith started making that mewling sound then she started humping against me as she went through her biggest orgasm ever. It was all too much for me as my own orgasm built like nothing I had ever felt before. When I let go, my cock was pushed deep into Judith's arse, I gave out a huge groan, and with the second and third shots I pulled back then pumped deeper each time. Judith squealed out loud but continued to hump my cock and Theresa's hand. It was several seconds before I finally finished and slumped forward pushing Judith down onto the grass while Theresa pulled her hand away. We both lay there panting for what seemed like minutes before I pulled my rapidly shrivelling cock out, followed by a stream of cum from her arse.
In a panic Judith rolled over and tried to look between her legs. "I don't want it in my pussy"' and held three fingers across her pussy hole. "Get me a towel Theresa," then she looked at us and started laughing. There was a dribble of cum between her legs from her arse to the grass below it. We grinned at her as she wiped herself with the towel.
I was totally spent, but Judith was exhausted and slumped back onto her side.
"Had enough yet?"
Judith just nodded at Theresa.
"Good...hope you hurt all over...are you sore?"
"A bit," she giggled. "I think I've had enough."
"At last," grinned Theresa. "I think the boys have finally fucked some sense into you."
Epilogue
I continued my relationship with Judith for a few months. The four of us had a few more adventures together, but nothing that matched those heady days of sailing to the island. I left school at the end of the year and followed my brother overseas, deciding on a couple of years working before university.
The inevitable happened and Judith ended up pregnant the following spring. Jack met the love of his life around the same time. A beautiful girl whom he eventually married, and his relationship with Theresa finished.
Judith was an exception to your average girl of the times. She had no inhibitions whatsoever, was extremely orgasmic and the most promiscuous female I was ever to meet, which combined with her perhaps immature sense of fun and humour left me a bit mis-guided as to the reality of sex in the real world. She also left me with a lifetime of memories and taught me how to appreciate and enjoy the female body. Thanks Judith.