Note: This story is a continuation of the characters introduced in "The Midas Touch." While it isn't necessary to read the stories sequentially, it may help in understanding the relationship of the characters.
*****
Darcy tipped her head back, the breeze from the fan on the dresser a welcome respite over the dampness of her cheeks. The afternoon sun streamed through the slats in the blinds, casting streaks of light across the walls and furniture, and narrow ribbons of heat over her face. The room was silent, save for her breath, the air thick with the smell of sex. She let the breeze billow strands of her curly copper locks about her neck for a moment before returning her attention to what lay folded beneath her.
Swirls of Blair's golden blonde hair pooled in the folds of the dark down comforter. Her slender fingers flexed against the clammy skin of Darcy's back, gliding up and hooking themselves over her shoulders. Her toes flexed above their heads, thighs tucked under Darcy's arms, knees and calves framing her face. Her lips quivered, her chin and cheeks glistening with Darcy's cum. Her sparkling emerald eyes gazed up, wide with desperate anticipation.
Darcy shifted her weight, raising her hips and easing forward just a bit. The nine-inch silicone cock strapped to her hips slipped up between Blair's buttocks and nestled with the tip in the dip of her asshole. Blair's lips parted, a sigh escaping between them. She slid her hands down Darcy's back and over the curve of her butt, tugging her ever so slightly closer. Smeared in a generous coating of lube, the flared head of the dong eased her ring apart and popped snuggly into her anus.
Blair gasped, her eyes snapping shut, fingernails digging into Darcy's flesh. Darcy held still, watching the blonde intently, waiting for a cue. For a moment there was nothing, not even a breath. She opened her mouth to speak, to ask if she wanted to stop. But Blair shook her head, dug her fingers in further. Slowly, Darcy felt Blair relax, starting in her calves, working down through her hips and up through her chest. She released Darcy's buttocks, her hands finding their way up to either side of the redhead's face. She opened her eyes, fixing them on the grey pair above her. Saying nothing, she nodded. Darcy waited, just to be sure. When Blair repeated the motion, Darcy sank the cock deep into Blair's ass.
There is a sound a woman makes when she is penetrated by a dick in her ass that is unmistakable for anything other than what it is. That sound filled the room. It buzzed Darcy's clit, crawled underneath her skin and arched between her ears like a bolt of lightning through her brain. She tried to take it slow at first, a gentle crest and fall of her hips, kissing Blair's labia with the harness with each stroke. But the lust dripping from Blair's lips, the ragged edges of her breath, and the growl in her moans pushed Darcy beyond her intent. In just minutes she felt herself crashing into her partner, driving Blair's ass into the pillow beneath her.
Blair's hips shuddered, her chest heaved. Her fingers clutched at her breasts, then at her ankles and feet, spreading herself wider for the silicone intruder. Her face, neck and shoulders flushed a deep pink in the heat of the afternoon and the pressure of orgasm spooled in her core. Vulgar curses spewed from her mouth, spurring Darcy on, demanding more. Intoxicated by her control over Blair's every shudder and shake, Darcy perfected her thrust - out to the head, in to the base, matched to the rhythm of the beat of her heart.
Blair's mouth fell open, now speechless and gasping with each hilting of the cock. Her legs stiffened, squeezing Darcy's head between her calves. Darcy watched through narrowed eyes and gritted teeth, never turning away. She loved to watch it build. The flare of Blair's nostrils, the quiver of her jaw. The smack of their flesh colliding at their sex. Wetness oozed from her pussy, mingling with the lube and sweat and clinging to their thighs.
Blair's lips began to form words. The same two words, over and over. Darcy knew what she wanted. It wasn't the first time. She wasn't yet comfortable with it. But it made Blair cum so hard. Continuing her stroke Darcy lifted a hand from the bed, releasing one of Blair's legs from under her arm. Blair clutched the back of her free calf, pulling her knee against her shoulder as Darcy wrapped her fingers around Blair's neck and gave a gentle squeeze.
Blair gouged her fingers into her skin, her tendons straining, hips squirming. Blair nodded slightly and Darcy leaned a little harder, just to the point where Blair stopped moving. It wouldn't be long now. She slowed her tempo, driving the dong home, lifting Blair's hips with each thrust. Blair's body trembled, her toes curled, and her eyes drifted back in her head. It was time.
Darcy buried the cock in Blair's ass and held it there, releasing her throat at the same time. Blair sucked her lungs full of air, swelling her chest and shaking her tits; then bore down hard, expelling a guttural scream of release, flooding her pussy and soaking her ass and thighs with her cum. She shook beneath Darcy's body, gritting her teeth, panting for breath. A rush of endorphins flushed Darcy's veins. She tossed her head back into the breeze, rocking her clit against the inside of the harness, easing herself to a gentle climax of her own.
Her arms aching, Darcy collapsed on top of Blair, their breasts smushed together, her face resting in the crook of Blairs neck. Blair's moans shortened to whimpers. Darcy arched her back to lift her hips, pulling the silicone cock from Blairs asshole. Blair sighed, every muscle now limp, her limbs like rubber fell to the bed. Darcy rolled off her lover onto her back, leaving Blair splayed on the comforter beside her.
Darcy lay silent, gathering herself, hands resting on her tits. She closed her eyes, felt her heartbeat through her breast. Barely audible above the fan a gentle sobbing reached her ears. She opened her eyes, rolled her head toward Blair.
"Babe," she said, concerned by the tear trickling down Blair's cheek, "are you okay?" Blair nodded, saying nothing. Darcy pressed her. "Did I do something wrong?"
Blair closed her eyes, half giggled half sobbed. "Never," she said, turning to Darcy. She placed a hand on Darcy's cheek, tracing her lips with her thumb. "No one," she whispered, still somewhat out of breath, "has ever fucked me like you do."
Darcy smiled. "You say that every time."
"Because I want you to know."
Darcy dragged the tips of her fingers along Blair's body. Down between her still flush breasts, over her taught stomach, dipping into her navel, before skimming the wispy blonde hair of her pussy. When she arrived, she curled two fingers and dipped them inside, scooping out a dollop of Blair's cream. Blair gasped, still throbbing from her orgasm. Darcy withdrew and pressed her sticky fingers against Blair's lips. Blair sucked them into her mouth, cleaning them with her tongue.
Darcy giggled, returning to her previous pose. Blair raked stray hair out of her face, the fingers of her other hand casually surfing the wetness of her lower lips. "Soooo," she began, "what are you up to this evening?"
"Well," Darcy replied, "the first thing I'm going to do is fix your fucking air conditioner."
Blair laughed. "I don't know, I was beginning to enjoy sweating to death." She paused, looked over at Darcy. When Darcy didn't respond she looked away. "The station anniversary party is tonight."
"Oh," Darcy replied, not wanting to discuss it. "I thought that was next weekend." Blair was quiet again. Darcy resigned herself to what was coming.
"I know you said you didn't want to go before," Blair said, "but I was hoping maybe you...changed your mind?"
Darcy sighed. "It's not that I don't want to go," she explained, "I would love to go to a party with you."
"Then go with me," Blair pleaded.
"I can't. I don't belong there. They're all sophisticated and fashionable and interesting - I would be so out of place."
Blair laughed. "God Darcy, they're reporters, not royalty. You show up in that blue tee shirt dress and Chucks and I promise you'll be the most beautiful, most sophisticated, most interesting girl there."
Darcy shook her head. "Five minutes in I would embarrass you in front of your friends and you would hate me by the end of the night. Trust me, you'll have more fun without me." She glanced over to catch Blair rolling her eyes. "You will," she insisted. Blair sighed. "Okay," Darcy bargained, "how about this. You go tonight, and tomorrow I'll take you for a ride up the coast. On the bike."
Blair stared at the ceiling. "That's not fair," she muttered, "you know I love that bike." Darcy stared at her, making puppy dog eyes. Blair turned away, prompting Darcy to poke her playfully in the ribs. Blair slapped her hand away.
"Can you pick me up afterward? So I don't have to drive home drunk."
"Of course," Darcy agreed. "Leave me your keys and I'll pick you up when you're ready. Okay?" She watched the blonde, awaiting a response. Easing closer she slipped a hand along Blair's hip and up over her belly, soaking in the heat of her skin. "Come on," Darcy whispered, "we can think about it in the shower."
Two hours later, Blair kissed Darcy goodbye and skipped down the steps to meet her ride waiting at the curb. Blair had insisted she was okay Darcy not going, but Darcy wasn't sure she believed her. Her smile didn't reach her eyes. Something was missing in her kiss. Not knowing what to do, Darcy turned her attention to the air conditioner.
She diagnosed the problem fairly quickly - a short in the control wiring and a stuck compressor motor. But repairing them took much longer than she anticipated. By the time she snapped the cover back on the unit and finished cleaning up it was after ten o'clock.
She sat on the floor in front of the vent with a bottle of root beer, basking in the ice-cold air. A drink would have been better, but she still had to pick up Blair from the party. An uncomfortable twitch rippled through her stomach. She swallowed more root beer, hoping to drown it. But it only got stronger. Slumping back against the bed she set the bottle on the floor and sighed. She should have gone to the party.
Sure, she would have been nervous and uncomfortable in a room full of people she didn't know. People she had nothing in common with. People she couldn't relate to. She would have been so far out of her comfort zone. But it really wasn't about her, was it. Considering all the thrills Blair had given her the last few months, theleastshe could have done was accompany her to a party. Annoyed with herself, Darcy snatched the bottle and returned to her apartment.
Standing in front of her closet she surveyed her options. Jeans. Tee shirts. Long-sleeved tee shirts. More jeans. A couple skirts. Still more jeans. Pushing everything to one side she found what she was looking for hidden deep in the back corner. She plucked it out, looped the hanger over the closet door. A heathered blue tee shirt dress with a broad white stripe across the chest. The one Blair was so fond of despite having seen Darcy in it only once.
She held the dress up in front of her, judging herself in the mirror on the back of her door. She'd always felt it was a little too short. But it tapered and flared in all the right places, and it did make her butt look fantastic. She glanced at the clock on the nightstand. If she left now she could probably make it in time to say hello before everyone left. Exchanging her underwear for some more appropriate she slipped into the dress, hauled on a pair of grey knee socks and headed out the door, Blair's car keys in hand.
Darcy stepped into the hotel lobby and took a quick look around. She noted two restaurants, a bar, and a bank of elevators, but no ballroom or banquet hall. And no one dressed like they were there for a party. She approached the check-in counter, catching the attention of the clean-shaven 20-year-old behind the desk. "Could you tell me where the Channel 9...banquet is," she asked, unsure of how to refer to it.
"Ballroom," he instructed, "fourth floor. When you get off the elevator take a left, you can't miss it." Darcy nodded. "They might be wrapping it up by now," he added, "they started at 7:30."
"Thanks," she said flatly, already feeling bad enough. She headed for the elevators.
Stepping off onto the fourth floor Darcy took a left and looked up. Baby-faced kid was right, you couldn't miss it. Two white marble-looking columns on either side of a bank of smoked plate glass doors and windows, supporting a lighted marble-looking slab above. Alone in the corridor she approached the doors. Her nerves took hold of her as she gripped the handle. Maybe she shouldn't have come. What if after declining the invitation Blair didn't want her there after all. What if she...
The door swung open, nearly knocking her over. A startled man in a navy suit reached out a hand to steady her. "I'm sorry," he said, "My fault. Are you okay?" She nodded. He stepped aside and ushered her in. No backing out now.
She watched the door close behind her, a flutter in her chest. She huffed, trying to settle the nerves. Turning slowly, she scanned the room, past the bar, over the dance floor, stopping at a table at the edge of the parquet on the back of a blonde-haired female figure in a red spaghetti strap dress. She made her way across the floor, her sneakers making no sound on the carpet. She checked herself, smoothing a rumple on the front of her dress. When she looked up, she caught Blair's face, her mouth open, eyes wide with surprise. Darcy smiled sheepishly. Excited, Blair beckoned her over.
Stepping up next to Blair, Darcy became acutely aware of the five pairs of eyes shifting toward her. She did her best to smile without looking nervous, but feared she was failing. Below the table Blair grasped her hand, intertwining their fingers and squeezing. Her warmth was comforting. Blair set her glass down, raised her hand.
"Hey everyone," she interjected, "this is my girlfriend Darcy."
"Hi Darcy," everyone replied in unison. Darcy continued smiling, totally creeped out by the group response. She squeezed Blair's hand in return.
"Darcy, this is Maureen, Josh, Maria, Allison, and Jesse." Darcy surveyed them one at a time. She didn't recognize Maria or Jesse, but she had seen the other three on television with Blair. Maureen anchored the desk - she'd done so for 20 years. Josh was the new guy, but it was easy to see why they were priming him to take over. And Allison headed the sports department. A former collegiate athlete her love for the games came through in her reporting. They were all local celebrities and Darcy found herself a bit star-struck to be at the same table with them. She did her best to hide it.
"I'm so glad you could join us," Maureen said between sips of her martini, "we've heard so much about you we were beginning to wonder if you were real."
Darcy spilled a nervous laugh while Blair blushed. "Yeah I'm sorry," Darcy replied," I work a lot, crazy hours sometimes. I swear I wasn't avoiding you or anything." Darcy pinched herself under the table. Could she be more awkward? But Blair's friends laughed. At her joke, not at her.
Allison nudged Darcy's arm with her elbow. "I love that dress," she said. "It makes your butt look fantastic."
"Thank you," Darcy smiled. She glanced at Blair, who gave her the 'I told you so' shrug before releasing Darcy's fingers and giving her ass a gentle squeeze.
They talked and laughed together for the next 30 minutes until the bartender came by to announce last call. While Blair waited for her final shot, Darcy headed outside to get the car. A few minutes later she pulled up under the entry canopy to wait for Blair. She reclined the seat a little and turned up the radio, expecting a longer wait. But Blair emerged shortly, flanked by Jesse and Maria, on whom she leaned heavily for balance.
Darcy swung the door open from the inside and Blair tumbled in. Her dress rode up as she slid into the seat, exposing a flash of black lace underwear to her helpers. The three shared a laugh as she settled in, fitting their goodbyes in between. Jesse and Maria leaned in through the window and waved to Darcy, thanking her for joining them. Darcy smiled, insisting the pleasure was hers. Maria kissed Blair on the cheek, then ducked out and headed back inside with Jesse. Blair turned to Darcy. "She's Italian," Blair said, "she does that to everyone." Darcy laughed, pulled away from the curb.
As they pulled into traffic, Blair relaxed and released a long, contented sigh. She rolled her head toward Darcy, her lips upturned to an enormous smile. "I'm really glad you came," she cooed. Darcy smiled. "Did you have a good time?"
"I did," Darcy replied, "thank you." She lowered her head a moment. "I'm sorry I was such a jerk about it all week."
Blair chuckled. "You were kind of a jerk weren't you."
"I was, and I'm sorry."
Blair shifted in her seat. "What made you change your mind?"
Darcy shrugged. "I don't know," she said. "I just...didn't want to embarrass myself. But it seemedreallyimportant to you, and I want you to be happy, so...here I am."
They drove in silence through a couple intersections, Darcy waiting for Blair to say something. But she didn't. She only stared. Barely moving. Her lips parted. Eyes narrowed just a little. Darcy grew nervous. Was it something she said? She slowed for a traffic light. "What is it," she wondered aloud, unsure she wanted the answer. Blair's right hand gripped the door handle, her voice low when she finally spoke.
"You are so fucking hot in that dress," she said, her words dripping with lust. Darcy looked at her, surprised by Blair's tone. Darcy's eyes widened. Her mouth curled into a smile.
"You aresodrunk right now," she laughed, accelerating through the intersection. Blair didn't flinch.
"Yes I am," she agreed, "but that doesn't make me wrong."
Darcy took a good look at the blonde beside her. Her ribcage swelled with every breath, the fingers of her left hand tugging gently at the straps of the slinky red dress. With most of her legs exposed, Darcy watched Blair's creamy white thighs press against each other to the rhythm of her heaving chest. Darcy's heart skipped a beat. Blair slipped the straps down and off her shoulders. All that held the fabric up was the firmness of her breasts.
"What are you doing," Darcy whispered, glancing around for neighboring vehicles.
"I want you right now," Blair growled.
Darcy scanned the street signs. "We'll be back to your apartment in fifteen minutes!"
"I can't wait."
Blair parted her legs, slipped her right hand in between. Even above the hum of the engine Darcy could hear how wet she was. Blair pulled down the dress, exposing her breasts to the cooling night air.
"Oh my god, Blair, stop," Darcy cried, "someone will see you!"
"I don't care," Blair repeated, pinching a nipple between her fingers. "Please don't make me wait."
Darcy knew it was pointless to argue. Once she got something in her head... She straightened up, a bolt of arousal shooting through her hips. She suddenly realized Blair wasn't the only one in need of attention. "What...what do you want me to do," she stammered.
Blair looked ahead. This part of the drive was familiar to them both. Strip malls, big box stores, fast casual restaurants. The place where the edge of the city met the edge of suburbia. The worst of all worlds. There were no good places to stop. But there was one spot, just far enough from the lighted signs and the six lane streets to offer at least the illusion of privacy. She motioned toward a softly glowing building near the top of a hill not far away. Darcy nodded, took a sharp left at the next intersection.
Minutes later they curled into a sparsely-lit and lightly-populated parking lot at the main building of a small religious college. I was an odd place for a school, between a Target and a Safeway. The school was there first, of course, with the sprawl sprouting up around it over the years. And rather than relocating the campus they simply planted a dense row of evergreens around the perimeter, which in turn, created some dark, cozy spots along the edges. Darcy pulled into one and stopped the car.
The nearest light pole was at least a half-dozen spaces away, filtering only a faint pale glow through the windows. As her eyes adjusted, she turned to find Blair still working herself up, her neck and chest already a rosy shade of pink, her fingers stabbing at her vagina. Darcy reached out, cupping a breast in one hand. Blair's head fell back against the headrest, her legs spread a little wider. Darcy leaned over the center console. One elbow on the armrest and one hand on Blair's knee she swirled her tongue over Blair's nipple before sucking it into her mouth.
Blair groaned, thrusting her chest out, arching her back. Darcy savored her reaction, pressing forward for more. Her hand left Blair's knee, gliding over the skin of her thigh toward her sex. Blair's moan morphed into a growl. Pulling away she reached out, brushed Darcy's hair behind her ear. "Not tonight," she sighed. "Tonight it's just you." Darcy straightened up, unsure of what she meant. Blair drew her hand from between her legs. She held it up in the light, curling her dripping fingers back toward her. "Come over here," she whispered. "No more waiting."
Darcy opened the car door and climbed out. A gentle breeze raised goosebumps all over her arms and legs. She walked around behind the car, meeting Blair outside the passenger door, her tits still free of her dress. She grabbed Darcy by the arm, kissed her hard on the mouth. Stepping back, she kicked off her heels and tossed them onto the driver's seat. She looked Darcy up and down before motioning toward the seat. "Get in."
Darcy complied. Ducking under the roof she slid into the seat. She kicked one shoe off with the other and watched, confused, as Blair stepped one foot in on the floor between her feet. A hand on Darcy's shoulder she swung the rest of her body inside and pulled the door shut. Hovering over Darcy she kissed her forehead, lingered on her lips, nipped at the nape of her neck. She lowered her body against her lover, sliding down and back until she knelt on the floor between Darcy's legs.
Darcy looked down at Blair, her eyes big and bright, her blonde hair draped over the dark fabric of her dress. A mischievous smile creased Blair's lips. She slipped her hands between Darcy's dress and thighs and pushed them up until her fingertips touched Darcy's abdomen. She curled them down over her hips, caressing the meat of her ass. Darcy eased her butt up just a little. Blair clutched her cheeks and yanked them forward, bunching Darcy's dress around her waist and setting her ass near the edge of the seat.
Darcy's fingers gripped the armrest and the door handle as Blair pushed her thighs further apart. When her knees bumped the door pocket and center console Blair looked up. Darcy opened her mouth to speak but Blair reached up and covered it with her hand. Darcy inhaled, finding Blair's scent still on her fingers. Blair smiled, wrenched Darcy's thong aside, and buried her face in her pussy.
"Oooohhhh fuck," Darcy moaned, pinning her shoulders against the back of the seat. She thrust her hips forward into Blair's mouth, pawing at her own breasts through her dress. Her breath quickened, heart thumping in her ears. Her eyes scanned her surroundings, keenly aware of how exposed they were. At any time, anyone could drive through the lot or return to their car and notice the white hatchback with fogging windows askew at the edge of the asphalt. And just past the trees down the slight incline, patrons engaged in boisterous conversations on the bar and restaurant patios. She wanted desperately to leave, get back to the apartment. But Blair's tongue felt oh so good.
Darcy squirmed in the seat, covering her mouth to try to keep quiet. Heat radiated through her body as Blair lapped at her pussy. She curled fingers into Blair's shoulders, urging her on. Blair giggled into Darcy's muff. She scooped her hands under Darcy's legs and pushed her knees back toward her chest, better exposing the target to her lips. She pursed them over Darcy's clit and suckled it into her mouth. Darcy gasped, her body shivering, wetness seeping into Blair's mouth.
Darcy stretched her legs wider and forward, resting one knee on the window ledge, her feet on the dashboard. She felt Blair shifting around beneath her, then two of Blair's fingers pushing inside her. She groaned, clenching her jaw, throwing her head back against the headrest. She caught a glimpse of herself in the mirror; hair disheveled, splayed open, Blair's head bobbing between her legs. It felt so dirty. So hot.
Her apprehension waning, she closed her eyes, focusing on the rhythm of Blair's fingers pumping her pussy, tongue on her clit. Each stroke in deep sucked air into her lungs. Every swirl between her folds huffed it back out. Her nipples scratched at her bra, begging to be released; the goosebumps on her calves plucked at the fabric of her socks. Her head was swimming, unable to hold a thought as a wave of pleasure roiled in her core. She was so close. Reaching down she curled her fingers through Blair's hair. Lowering her head her eyes fell open. And her heart stopped.
In the low light in front of the car was a figure. A woman. She wore dark leggings and a white sweatshirt with bold block letters across the front. She stood motionless, midstride; her eyes wide open, hand over her mouth. She stared directly, unflinching at Darcy. Which sent Darcy crashing over the edge.
Every muscle contracted, every tendon strained. Her face flushed red suppressing her scream. Her feet chattered against the dash and kicked at the glass as her legs shook, her entire body racked with orgasm. She ground her pussy into Blair's face, cum gushing over the blonde's lips and into her mouth. She watched the stranger through squinting eyes and gritted teeth as torrent after torrent of terrified bliss surged through her sex down to her toes and up to her brain.
Outside, the woman's hand fell from her face. It trailed down her neck, over her breasts, across her stomach and paused against the front of her leggings. She shifted her weight, turning fully toward the car. As Darcy groaned and thrashed about, she saw the fingers continue a little further, then curl tightly back between her thighs.
A second tsunami broke over Darcy, doubling her over and squeezing Blair's head between her legs. Her vision went dark a moment before returning with flecks of silvery light throughout. Her mouth rounded open she panted for breath; unsure she would ever regain it. Her mind felt like mush. But she realized something had changed. The nerves were gone. The fear of being caught, of being exposed in this place evaporated. Leaving in its place only craven, wonton desire.
When she regained control of her fingers, Darcy lifted a hand ever so slightly, acknowledging the voyeur. The woman glanced away toward the building before turning back and dipping her head in reply. The hand between her legs seemed to rock gently back and forth, beckoning. Darcy's heart raced. With minimal motion she gestured with her head for the stranger to go around to the back of the car, silently mouthing the words with trembling lips.
The woman didn't move. Darcy repeated her gesture, easing her lips into a smile. The stranger glanced around again, then silently drifted around the driver's side of the car. She kept a wide berth through the grass at the edge of the lot. As she passed the window Darcy rolled her eyes to look, picking up the details of her face. She was young - twenty maybe, with red lips and tanned skin, dark hair looped in a neat ponytail just over her shoulder. Darcy closed her eyes and groaned a lusty sigh.
When she was sure the woman had past behind, she relaxed her thighs, releasing Blair's head from their grip. She clutched a handful of Blair's hair and lifted her head. Blair looked up, mouth open, eyes wide, Darcy's juices glazing her cheeks and chin and dripping from her lips. Darcy smiled at her. Blair swallowed the fluid in her mouth, smacking her lips as she finished. "Was that good," she panted, dragging a finger through Darcy's wispy copper bush.
Darcy giggled, wiping Blair's lips with her thumb, tasting herself on it. She nodded vigorously, lifting her legs off the dash and sitting up as straight as she could. She leaned forward, caressing Blair's face, gazing into her glassy green eyes. "More," she whispered, reclining the seat back halfway. "I need more."
Twisting in the chair she looped her left leg over Blair's head and her right leg underneath her. Seconds later she knelt on the seat, her ass in Blair's face, Blair's tits resting on her feet. Wrapping her hands around the headrest she leaned forward, raising her head and arching her back. She felt her thong roll over her hips, down her thighs and settle around her knees. She felt Blair's hands on her buttocks, her hot breath teasing her clit, fingers digging into her cheeks, pulling them gently apart. Closing her eyes, Darcy eased her ass back until she felt Blair's lips pressed against her labia and her tongue lapping at her pussy. Darcy moaned into the headrest, her knees weak, throat dry. But she couldn't bring herself to stop. Not just yet. Not with her out there.
When she opened her eyes she saw her again. A little bolder, she stood closer than before. Darcy watched, her own face contorting to the magic of Blair's mouth. Another groan escaped her throat. The stranger flinched. Darcy gasped, biting her lip as she suddenly realized the woman could hear them.
Outside the stranger raised a hand from her side up under sweatshirt and over her breasts. Though the fleece hid the details, the rippling and bulging betrayed the kneading and pinching and tugging taking place underneath. Darcy abandoned any attempt to stifle her moans, thrusting her ass back into Blair's face. The woman reacted again, this time shoving her free hand down the front of her leggings. She stepped her feet apart giving her fingers more room to work, creating a vertical bulge accented in the glow of the parking light.
Darcy felt Blair's palm on her pussy, collecting the cream produced by the tight circular motion of her thumb on Darcy's clit. Darcy writhed in pleasure, moaning Blair's name into the back seat. Beyond the glass the stranger's hands moved faster, pumping up and down over her mons, her fingers presumably gliding through the slickness of her snatch.
Blair's thumb released Darcy's button, replaced by the warm moist texture of her tongue. Only it didn't remain there. It flattened out along her labia and continued back, up toward Darcy's asshole. Surprised, Darcy glanced over her shoulder. Her turn was met with a sharp crisp slap to the meat of her buttocks. Darcy jumped, the smack ringing in her ears. She felt another sting the other cheek and squealed in delight at the jolt of energy rippling down her legs and up her spine. She glanced through the window at the woman still stroking herself, her eyes glued to the scene inside.
Blair's mouth continued upward, until her lips leaked saliva down Darcy's crack and her tongue circled her rosebud. "Yes," Darcy panted, gripping Blair's fingers as they penetrated her pussy. "Taste me," she demanded, "taste my ass." Blair's tongue thickened against Darcy's orifice, swabbing side to side with the motion of her head. Her pussy ablaze Darcy bucked herself back and Blair's tongue slipped into her asshole.
Her legs buckled, forcing a tight grip on the headrest to keep from collapsing in a heap. She gushed over Blair's fingers as she probed and prodded both holes at once, slurping up juices and smearing them all over Darcy's nethers. The woman yanked her leggings down around her thighs, exposing her smooth pale skin to the night. She stuffed her fingers into her mouth before sending them back down between her legs, flying furiously over her pussy.
Darcy shuddered, unable to control her hips, her knees sliding in the puddle of juices on the seat. Her arms burned from holding on, her legs twitched, bouncing Blair's tits against the soles of her feet. Her head was spinning, drunk on Blair's tongue, high on the stranger outside the window. Blair's fingers curled inside her, rubbing the ridges of her G-spot each time she pulled them back. Darcy stared at the woman outside. Locking eyes, she parted her lips and mouthed the words, "I'm cumming."
The stranger's hand flew faster, then suddenly stopped, clamped between her thighs. She doubled over, staggering back, her entire body shaking. Darcy's eyes rolled back in her head, her third orgasm exploding through her body. She threw an arm back and clutched a fistful of Blair's matted locks, smashing her face between her cheeks. She flooded the blonde with her cream, expelling every last ounce of energy through her pussy. Exhausted, she let go of the headrest and collapsed into the seat, sliding down into a heap, head tucked into her arms, her ass on her heels.
She lost the next few minutes, trying to catch her breath, formulate a thought. She shivered each time she breathed, her pussy still humming, legs still twitching. Eventually the fog began to clear, and she remembered she wasn't alone in the car. Or in the parking lot.
Pulling herself up she peeked over the top of the seat, looking for the stranger outside. But she was gone. She turned toward the trees, then back toward the building, but saw no one. A little disappointed, she slid back down, knees to her chest, twisting onto her back. Blair smiled at her, also out of breath, her face and chest flush and soaked with Darcy's cum. "Hey baby," she whispered, her lips glistening.
Darcy spread her legs and stretched them out to the floor, her feet to either side of Blair's knees. She stroked Blair's calves with her toes, her eyes watering, a tear trickling down her cheek. Blair's face changed. "Are you okay," she asked, brushing away the droplet with her thumb. Not yet able to form a sentence, Darcy wrapped her arms around the blonde and pulled her up against her, Blair's body a warm, comforting weight on her chest. She took Blair's head in her hands and kissed her passionately on the mouth, tasting herself on her lover's lips and on her tongue.
When she was finally sated, she loosened her hold. Blair propped herself up on her elbows, brushed her hair out of Darcy's face. She giggled. Darcy frowned. "What is it," she asked, slurring her words, surprised they'd left her mouth at all.
"I've never seen you like this," Blair replied. "So...so wasted." She stroked Darcy's cheek, traced her lips with her fingers. "What happened? What was different?"
Darcy mulled the question. The image of the woman flashed through her mind; her legs apart, hands hard at work, her leggings down around her knees. Should she tell her? She looked Blair in the eyes. Those same eyes that sparkled at her through the television every afternoon. A twinge zipped through her pussy, rippling out to her fingers and toes. She sighed. "I guess...," she replied, glancing out the side windows at the trees and the parking lot, "...I guess I'm...more of an exhibitionist than I thought."
Blair laughed, and Darcy joined her. Blair kissed Darcy's forehead, her nose, then her lips. "We should probably go," she mumbled, unconvincingly.
Darcy nodded. "There's one problem," she said. Blair frowned. Darcy held up a hand for Blair to see. It shook violently, out of her control. Below, her feet tapped the floor in a similar manner. She looked up at Blair. "You're gonna have to drive."