First of all, this story is completely fictional, all characters are fictional, and over 18. This is the third part of the series and is more true to part 1 than part 2, although a couple of references are made to it. It is about three friends since childhood, and one of them stripping out of the blue, and then fucking in front of the other. Self-proofed and edited with the help of software, some mistakes are likely.
______________________________________
After my divorce and moving into an apartment, Gary, Carmen, and I became close again. We were almost as close as when we were kids, but Gary and Carmen being married made all the difference in the world in our relationship from then to now.
Carmen was back to her flirting, harmless flirting it all it was she had convinced her husband Gary, but I was no longer sure. Maybe I was not sure because my sexual desire for her was as strong or stronger than ever. She seemed pretty serious to rekindle the feelings we had for each other that had taken both of our virginity on a bike trip to a pond, in a forbidden quarry. It was the start of a love story that has never ended, it only took a detour until now. What we have is true love, but at the time we had just became legal and were too young to know how to recognize it. We did not end up together, Carmen married Gary and I married a model. Carmen's marriage has endured, I caught my wife fucking a guy she originally cheated with clear back from college. The divorce came next, and then me living alone in an apartment.
I started spending a lot of time at their place and they spent some at mine. We drank a lot, especially me, and I ended up a regular guest in their extra bedroom. I am not really sure if the drinking was to get over my failed marriage or to try to get over my love and desire to have Carmen. I now know it was not helping me, it may even have made things worse.
Carmen would not let up on her flirting, her kisses hello, and goodbye became less of a friendly greeting, and more of someone who wanted more, but then again the feeling was mutual with me and her. We did not discuss it, but it was unspoken we wanted each other.
Gary had to notice this, she would even go topless in front of me at their pool, and he said nothing. Soon she was walking from the pool to her bedroom that way when Gary and I were watching sports. I think she figured as long as it was with Gary present, she could argue it was not a come-on. After a while, I realized that seeing her tease me was turning him on.
When they would come to my house she would end up cleaning my place as were watching a game or something on TV. I did not like that she was doing so much for me without me returning the favor, and I tried to pay her for it. She was pissed that I offered her money, but finally agreed to be my cleaner once a week for a token amount, and she added, "and other in-kind payments." She did not define what in kind was in this case. As far as I was concerned with her it was a battle won. I really did need help, I am a slob. She was going to do it on Gary's golf league nights, Wednesday late afternoon and well into the evening he would be gone.
She sold us on her coming to clean at my place when Gary was on his golf league, as she could use some company, and she did not want to clean when I was not home. She said she knew from what she had done already, picking up after me would cause her to just be hiding the stuff that I left laying around. With me there she could ask where I want things to be. She also mentioned that one in-kind payment would be her preparing, and me eating dinner with her on her cleaning nights, Gary is not that crazy about some of the basic home cooking she does. I was glad to hear that was one and hoped she was being honest.
I came home that first Wednesday at about 6 to the smell of home cooking, that was one of the best parts of the deal. I hit the shower as she continued to both clean and check on dinner as it cooked.
After my shower and I realized I did not take clean clothes in the bath, and once I got out I did not want to put sweaty clothes on a clean body. I had some pretty crappy towels, as my wife took everything good of the household items from our house. I wrapped myself in one that barely made it around my waist. I made the short trip to my bedroom and guess who was dusting in there in nothing but a t-shirt and panties? The first night as a paid house cleaner she was in just real brief sexy panties, a half tee showing bare midriff from just below her unrestrained breasts to her panties. She claimed she spilled something on her shorts before I got home. I knew better, she was trying to start something with me behind her husband's back already. I was sure of it when she would bend over things as she dusted showing her panties and her world-class ass. She was well aware that my weakness was her round ass cheeks, and was successful at putting my cock on alert.
She looked at me standing there in only a towel and said, "I hope I am not in your way, but just go ahead and drop the towel prude. You have seen all of me, and I have all of you, even though it has been a while. I am busy here with your mess, and not trying to seduce you just trying to keep cool. You're lucky I am not naked, your air conditioning sucks, and it's steaming in here.
Well, I cared, and likely I thought Gary might care if he knew what she was doing. I was afraid of this very thing happening, or something like it. Carmen is one bold lady, first day on the job and she was in charge telling me it was OK to get naked in front of her when she was in just panties and a shirt that barely covered her breasts. What good could become of that?
Some of this was not like her, it was bossier. She had authority in her voice. I had a mother that you did not question or talk back to, but not a wife, maybe that was why my marriage failed.
Carmen said, "I noticed in this open drawer you have some boxers all wadded up, I assumed they went through the wash, but I am not going to smell them, Jesus you are a fucking slob, it is a good thing I love you. Gary is one too, and I love him as well, I am on his ass a lot so don't take it personally. She handed me a pair of the best ones she could find and said, "Here, now give me the towel so it does not end up wadded up all smelly like the ones that I have already put in the basket to take home and wash. I will just bring them back in a day or so and leave them in here for you. You will have to put them away yourself. They will be folded nicely, I expect them to go in the drawer that way,"
I was taken back by the increase in her boldness and gave in, I handed her my towel and was just standing there buck naked as Carmen handed me the boxers. She did not stare nor did she make an attempt to hide looking at me below the waist, Carmen checked me out. She grabbed a firm hold on my now stiff cock and said, "Well there is one thing about Gary," and I froze a minute thinking what good could follow. "He does not lie, I am always on him to quit slacking during sex, and just fuck me hard and give me all of it. He usually tells me it is all God gave him and tells me I should talk to you, that he had seen you in the changing room plenty of times, and thinks you're packing a little more. You have grown because I know my hand has not gotten smaller, and he is right, you are packing, but don't get a big head, you are not what they call a bull. I had fucked a couple of them my freshman year back in college, I enjoyed seeing such huge cocks, but I was too drunk to feel much of the fucking they gave me."
She finally let go of it, and that was it as far as that conversation went, how could I reply to that. I was so hard then I was in danger of losing control, but I am not the kind of guy to throw a friend's wife on the bed, or sit her up on the dresser and fuck her. So, I ask her for some boxers and shorts, she was right it was hot and boxers were all I needed with it just being the two of us there. I did not argue again and sat in the living room out of her way in nothing but them as she cleaned.
When Carmen finished cleaning, she served dinner on my little wobbly table I bought second-hand. I could not complain, she was a better cook than Brooke when it came to home-style foods. I tried to help clean up, but she kicked me out of my kitchenette, I was fine with it. She cleaned the whole kitchen area then, and did the floors before finishing, I heard the shower going and wondered what I was going to see coming back out. Carmen was barely dressed for cleaning when I got there. I tried to prepare myself for her to come out in very little, or nothing at all after her shower.
Carmen came back with a towel on her head and just some modest panties. Her beautiful breasts were now free from any containment. I figured yet again this was her dress to make her move. She said, "I am sure you don't mind this is my normal after-shower attire in the summer. Again I am not trying to seduce you! You see my breasts all the time at our place around the pool anyway. I ate dinner looking at your bare chest, now we will be even."
What could I say, I could tell her it's different her being topless at my place and just the two of us alone, but why waste my breath. I was not what you would call fully dressed in only my boxers. It was warm she was not lying about that, the window air unit was not keeping up. She came in, and sat next to me on the sofa and curled up, putting her head on my shoulder, and one hand on my bare thigh just sliding it a little way up the leg of my boxers, that put a naked breast against my bare chest, her hand just inches from my package and I thought, well here we go, she wants to cheat already. Well, we did not go anywhere nor did we talk, she just rested there. It was hard to read where she was coming from doing this, and it made me hard. She has always shown affection with everybody, and always seems to make me hard at some point. She is so sexy, I lost interest in what I was watching, and was focusing on her sexy body, that one round ass cheek of her showing as she laid there so peaceful like a sleeping babe.
Carmen just stayed there and never moved, nor did I. I was in a strange place and turned on, I knew she was there for the taking, but still did not want to cheat
with my friend's wife. I liked her just being close, and did I want her to wake up from her nap by leaving. After a while, she got up and sat across from me, still topless, and finished drying and combing her long red hair. She had it all out in front of her draped over her perky breasts, it had to be on purpose. She looked so sexy when she came over that way. She perched herself on my lap to tell me she would gather up her stuff and leave after I paid her. I had to fight my urges again as she seemed to be lightly grinding my groin on purpose. I reached for my wallet, and gave her $50. since she made dinner and we agreed on $40. for cleaning, she handed me back $10. and I did not argue.
The next week she did a similar thing, this time her hand was wandering toward my cock when she laid down to rest, this time not stopping short. I won't lie I was horny and I remembered the flash I got when she grabbed it the week before in the bedroom, so I let her play with it a little, a mistake, as I then could not get myself to push her hand away. I could not help but let her start to jerk my cock, nor could I stop her from pulling off my shorts. I was then naked when she tried to take her panties off and join me. I stopped her as I knew if I let her, there would be nothing to stop us from fucking. I told her I could not be part of one friend cheating on who was another friend. She reached over to the end table and grabbed some Kleenex, she said, "At least let me finish what I started."
There she was sitting cross-legged in front of me in nothing but panties jerking my cock, it was a new thing for me, but I guess I wanted to relive some of the thrills of our first time years ago. She had me under control and was just fixated on my cock as she jerked me off. I was pretty worked up, naked getting a handy from a hot number titties out, in only panties. I came pretty quickly, she was holding the tissues in one hand shaped like a catcher's mitt and caught it. We had a talk after that and I told her it was my mistake for letting her play, that it was still having sex, and that even that had to stop. She kept cleaning for me and doing my laundry it would often be there the next day when I got home from work, she had her own key.
One Saturday I was just lying on my couch, thinking about her jerking me off, and wondering what that pussy of hers had to look like now that it is likely without a bush. I figure she had to be at least partly waxed, as she wore pretty brief bikinis. I could not help but wonder what it would feel like to have my cock inside her. I could not help but start jerking off, I was really into it when I heard and spotted her walking in with my clean laundry. She had a big smile as she caught me, I stopped, but I was caught. She walked over boldly and said, "Please let me join you like before, was it me you were thinking of? Don't answer, let me think that it was, I am so in love with you Jeff, I have always been. Someday I am going to make love to you again."
I loved her too and wanted the same things, that was the problem. I was pretty worked up and willing to take her assistance, so I continued to jerk off as she pulled her top off. She had no bra and was only in summer shorts then. She sat next to me this time as she jerked me. I was nervous about things getting out of control, but still excited about what was happening. She sensed I was at a weak point, and she upped the ante, this time she had one hand on my balls. I did not stop her from just going that far, I just couldn't and she had full control of me. When I felt I was going to cum soon I put my head back, she used that opportunity to move in, and I felt her lips on my knob. I could not stop that either, she finished me by sucking my cock. It was an escalation for sure, but I loved it. Her holding my balls as she worked my cock was just awesome. It was a shame it did not last long, less than 2 or 3 minutes, and then she took my shot and was licking off what was left.
I loved it of course but was trying to act livid about it as well, and told her off to a degree. I told her to knock before coming in the next time, especially when my car was there, and this had to stop, what she was doing was not fair to me, that even though I wanted her as bad as she seems to want me, but that I was not going to fuck her without Gary's blessings, and that that was not likely. I did not intend to ever let her go that far again, she was just teasing me to get me to lose all control.
We continued partying at their house, with me sometimes getting drunk and staying there, but she backed off a little from touching me when the two of us were alone after I called her on it.
One night at their place, I was really drunk, Gary was too, and this night Carmen was trying to keep up as well. She was pissed at us for watching a ball game instead of something she would like to, well she wanted us to at least pay attention to her.
Carmen tried everything to get our attention, but we just ignored her like you would a pestering child. I was OK with it as long as Gary was there. She was trying to do a sexy strip but it was clear that the booze was keeping it from coming off that way.
First, she pulled off her top and had no bra, she tried walking around that way to get to us, bringing us drinks, and snacks. She was looking good but, nothing new for even me, but it was going to take more than that to get us away from the game. That itself is always sexy, but nothing new for even me.
Then she not only shed her shorts, but she did it in their bedroom and changed into some really sexy ones, see-through panties with an embroidered rose right over her labia, it did little but obscure her crack. They were almost a g-string, technically a thong I guess. Now her whole ass was showing.
She went to the kitchen, and Gary surprised me when he said, "You know she has the hots for you, always has. Let's just ignore her, I want to see if she is willing to get all the way naked in front of you, she is pretty wasted."
I did not know what to think of that statement, but we did, she did everything she could to get us to crack. Finally, she just stood between us and the TV and said, "I am bored, I tried to get your attention by losing most of my, well, almost all of my clothes, if you want to see this redhead's bald pussy, put the couch pieces together and I will lose this last piece." (as she pulled out the waistband) then maybe this naked redhead will join you and we can find something to watch I might like too.
We did, we were drunk and I know I was horny thinking maybe a threesome could be in the cards as Gary did not protest her taking off her panties, so far he had done nothing but instigate her. How could that not up the chance of my longtime dreams of a threesome?
Once the sofa was ready for her to join she turned around and pulled her panties down about halfway trying to do a sexy strip of her last piece of clothing. I can't give her any points for style, but my God I love her ass, now it was featured, now I was getting really hard. Gary was still not protesting her threat to lose them in front of me. Then she pushed them down some more, finally letting them drop to the floor. I was impressed then, I could see a little of her coochie when she spread her legs a little wider, then turned her head back to see our reaction. Then Gary egged her on some more and said, "You go girl, you thought I was going to stop you didn't you? I was not sure you had the nerve to show Jeff my favorite place to put my tongue and cock, I like this game."
I did not say anything but was glad that he did, I was getting pretty excited about where this might go after that statement.
Then she leaned over, and I mean all the way over, looking back through her legs. I was impressed that she was that nimble, and that with all the drinking did not lose her balance. She put one hand down and the other between her legs and put two fingers in her hole and worked them in and out. I can't say I didn't like seeing her bald pussy for the first time since she and I lost our virginity together. Her pussy looked so good to me without a bush, and with her fingering herself. It looked more like my ex-wife's, except this pussy belonged to who has been the love of my life since we were kids.
I looked over at Gary and I could see he was showing wood in his shorts, I was feeling the same thing going on in mine. She was a gymnast in grammar school, she was always nimble, but she was now drunk and older. But she made an attempt to stand on her head and spread her legs open wide like a naked yoga pose. She was able to do it, and I for one loved the view of her pussy it gave us, but then she came tumbling down when she tried moving her legs open and closed a few times. She sat there and recovered and was giggling, as we gave her some applause.
Gary said, "Show us how far you are willing to go to get us to turn off the game. I can, well we can see you are horny, show us what you would do if you were alone to get yourself off. You do it for me, and you seem to love teasing Jeff. You must have the hots for him, you walk around here topless for him, and just stripped and are naked for him and me, let see if you have the courage to let him see you masturbate."
She left the room, I was disappointed, Gary said, "I knew I took her too far, but I got her to show you her pussy, that was pretty good though, right?
Before I could answer, as I had to think of the right way to respond, she was back with a toy, an OmMiBod vibrator. She had to be pretty wasted to even go as far as she had so far. She sat on the floor and spread her legs wide.
"OK Gary, just remember that this was your idea. Throw me a pillow," He did and she put it behind her head. "You should know better than to dare this redhead to do anything. I will take you through one of my
sessions, first, let's let Jeff see inside. See that hole Jeff, that is where most of my sexual pleasure originates. First I just play with it a little, I like to stretch things out." (She then proceeded to with her fingers.) "Then I put this little pink toy inside me, God's gift to horny women I think." Now the buzzing sound started and she could not hold still. "Now I have my hands and fingers free to stimulate other areas. One of those areas was her nipples, the other was her clit. "This is how I get off, that is what you want to see. Gary comes close but doesn't know how to do this properly. First I make sure my fingers are lubed," She did that by inserting them in her wet pussy. "Then you just rub, it is not rocket science." As she demonstrated she said, "It has to be done lightly like when you tickle someone. Now just watch!"
She continued to work her clit, and between the vibrator in her pussy and her fingers she could not keep still, or quiet. It was fun to watch and I tried to learn from it. It seemed like it took a while, but yet all pleasure for her, but likely quicker than I ever got a girl off, and pretty intense. After just a little work, the area above her breasts and her face were almost as red as her hair. She was breathing hard as well and maybe perspiring a little. She was then so turned on she used her other hand to start fucking herself, all while keeping her ass in the air so we could see. It was amazingly hot, I was hard, Gary was showing a bulge, it was l could do to not jerk off. She was just no longer able to control herself physically or verbally.
That's when it happened, she let out a sigh, her eyes seemed to go to the back of her head. Somehow she managed to keep her legs up and her pussy visible as she came. Once she came back a little, she took her hands and opened up her swollen and tremoring hole for us. You could just see her cum with little bubbles in it as some even drained from her pussy. It was fucking awesome. She pulled out the toy and just laid there to recover.
Gary then said, "Well Jeff, this is pretty fucking hot, what do you think should we turn this off, don't answer I will get the remote."
He did and turned it off and said, "Now get up here honey, before you leave a huge spot on the floor, plant your naked ass right here between us, and ditch the toy I have something you can play with."
She told us she needed a rinse, and she left, came back only a few minutes later. He and I were practically laying down with our heads against the back cushions when she climbed up on the sofa. Actually, she did not climb, she jumped up on it and was standing there jumping up and down, "Well was that a good show or what? I loved it, now can we find something hot to put on?".
She landed between us, and leaned back like us, but now had her knees together while we talked about what we could watch. She was smelling so good from the rinse off, I just wanted to jumper right in front of Gary. Then Gary mentioned maybe watching some porn, if it was not for what I just watched live, I would have really been shocked. They chose that moment to admit to me that the two of them like to watch porn to get ideas to keep their marriage fresh. I thought pretty quick, and cut in and ask them if they had ever seen any real amateur clips of everyday people fucking? Gary said they are always trying but very little of what they claim is homemade, is, even if it is, it is staged.
The show she had put on helped me consider showing my private video. So I told them I happened to have a video on my phone they might like, a private hidden cam video that I could prove to them was real.
Carmen and Gary seemed anxious to see it, especially when I told them I could prove it. So it was Gary and me partly dressed, and naked Carmen in the middle. I got instructions from Gary on how to use WiFi to cast it on his big-screen Smart TV.
I was excited to get to fuck with them a bit with this vid, as I did not tell them who was the star. All they knew about my breakup was I caught Brooke cheating, but that was about the extent of it. I never told Carmen about the video, and might have mentioned it to Gary after some beer once. I forwarded the clip to a place where they would not recognize the star of the porn right away before I hit cast. There was a lot of interest by Carmen of course, especially after she saw Z's big black cock, it made her open her legs and put a hand back down there to play a little. I really could not believe what was going on, but was glad it was.
They were into it but still did not know what I was showing them. Gary was just quiet, I wanted to see their faces, but did not want to stare, since I have no poker face, I did not want to give away the fact that a surprise was coming.
Carmen started to get a hint, first, she mentioned how fucking huge the guy's cock was, and questioned his amateur status, and also mentioned that he was bigger than her toy one! Then said that she wants a real one like that of her own someday, so she can fuck the guy in front of Gary and cuckold him. Then she mentioned how beautiful the woman, the star of the video's legs were, and that she thought they looked familiar.
Brooke has a small mole that she has always wanted to have removed but never did because it did not show modeling with just a little makeup on it. Carmen apparently saw it when we used to swim at their place when the two of them were still trying to get along. All of a sudden, she turned to look at me, and yes my lack of a poker face failed me again, and she finally said, "Oh My God, is that your Ex, Brooke taking that huge cock? This is a video of her fucking around on you isn't it?" Did you plant a hidden cam? Before I could answer she fired another question at me. Could that huge cock guy be the Nigerian student she tutored, and you caught her fucking in college? Not that many guys have a cock as big as you described it to us back then, I think we both thought you were exaggerating?"
I stopped it, and they looked at me as to say, don't stop it now. I did not intend to, I just figured the secret is out, why not let them enjoy the rest, and I started it back at the actual beginning. I explained the security cam was to catch her hiding expensive clothes she would buy and hide, practically bankrupting us.
Once I got it back to where it started, I let them see the bitch trying to obscure him from the living room security camera going up the steps to fuck her while she thought I was out of town, it was better than having to speak. As soon as Brooke took his massive dick on, At first, Carmen had a hand between her legs, then when Brooke grabbed a hold of Z's cock to put in her mouth, she put her hands down both of our shorts, and had a good hold on my cock, probably Gary's as well. I saw her move one of Gary's hands over to her crotch to take over where she left off. She lifted her knees, and I had a better view of him fingering her, but I would have liked it to have been mine or to have something more to do with her as well, I had two hands free. I would have been happy even with a breast of my own. Soon she was working only on Gary's cock. But I was a little hesitant to go for her breasts, or even bare butt cheek on my own, without some kind of an invitation, I kept thinking Gary would stop this at some point.
Eventually, she seemed to lose total interest in me, or my cock I guess, altogether, at least it felt that way, as Gary and the video had her hot and bothered. Let's face it, this was their first viewing of my ex fucking her lover, and it was bound to hold their attention. I wanted to pull out my cock, and was more than willing to get naked if Gary did too, but again was waiting for an invite of some kind, and just put my own hand down my shorts to play with my own cock a little, and watch the video too.
There was some commotion next to me, quite a bit actually, but I did not look right away. Then I heard a familiar noise during a quiet moment in the video, sucking cock is not a completely silent act, especially when it is happening right next to you, and I was pretty sure of what I heard.
She had gone ahead and pulled Gary's shirt, and shorts off, and his boxers if he had any on. He was now just as naked as she was with his hard cock in her mouth. Her big beautiful naked ass was in the air. Seeing friends naked together for the first time is a surprise, even though I have skinny-dipped with other couples, this was a blowjob I was watching my friend's wife, and old flame performs right in front of me. I was happy to see it though and just watched at first as I continued to play with my own cock.
I was perplexed, I guess that is the right word, what was going down, and how should I have reacted. She was jerking both of us at first, was that not the beginning of a threesome? I gave them the inspiration they needed. Was it my turn to get my pants pulled off, and blown next? At that point I would have been satisfied, just to be invited to be naked and jerk off as I watched.
Then it was on, Gary and her switched places and he now had her legs up and spread and was now eating her out in front of me. Again it was something that was mind-blowing, and hot to watch, but what were they thinking, where was this going? It made me wonder if I should lose my clothes too? Or should I have just gone to the spare bedroom and given them some privacy?
I decided, for the time being, I liked what I was seeing, and that I was their invited guest, if they did not want me there, they should tell me, it would only have taken a hint. Like Carmen said, "The bedroom is ready for you when you are tired."
The way things were going, what could be next, so I decided it would be better to be patient and see if I was going to get any response or invitation from them.
I wanted at the very least to get my cock out but was not sure I should be the one to take it out or strip. I held out hope that when she was done with Gary she planned to come over to me and do the same.
I tried to watch some of the video that I had seen too many times, I was the only one still watching as I was still playing in my shorts and would take a glance at them now and then, but did not stare. Then there was more commotion next to me, and I looked back to see Carmen as she was lowering herself down, and at the angle she was, my view allowed me to see his knob pushing against her hole before she took his hard cock inside her. Yes, I got to see his knob breach her opening, as she let out a sigh of pleasure, then started to slowly ride it reverse cowgirl. Knowing her, it was probably so she could watch the screen, and imagine it was a BBC like the one Brooke was getting treated to in the clip.
It was so hot seeing this live show, the hell with the video I had a side view of them, and could see her tits going up and down and his cock going in and out of her pussy. I watched them and was now just plain jerking off in my shorts.
They just continued to make love acting like I was not even there.
I was pretty sure when there were no comments from them, that what they were doing must have been at least somewhat intentional. I was pretty sure of it when she climbed off, and then got on her side in front of Gary, and turned toward me as to give me a closer view. It was a sexy pose as she laid on her side with him behind her. She was looking right into my eyes, my view of her was reminiscent of the one etched in my mind from the quarry when we gave up our virginity to each other. I was sure by now it was done purposely to show me her now bald pussy and breasts close up.
Gary had to be in onto what she was doing as well, he had to be, apparently, he was ready to show it all, and I mean all of her to me. To prove that, he purposely lifted her leg high in a way to even better expose her, even opening up her pussy exposing the swollen hole partly open, I was so close to it I could see how wet it was as it quivered while waiting for a cock. It was not going to be mine though, I was just getting to look inside her hole until he scissored her and filled it with his cock again. His right knee was now in my space and touching a little, but I was not going to back off.
I did get some looks at Gary's face, and he seemed more than just OK with me watching the two of them fucking, in fact, I read it as a look that a guy might give of pride when deliberately fucking his hot girl in front of someone. I think it is something any sexual being thinks about at some time, actually being watched, but few do. I was starting to realize that this, although it was a somewhat spontaneous action, it had to be at least discussed by them at some time. His knob had penetrated her hole again, and he was slowly stroking her, as he fondled her breasts. He had her pussy but I had her attention as she stared into my eyes, I hoped it was to tell me she wanted me to be part of it too, at least that is what I wanted to think. This was beginning to be more torture than enjoyment.
That look on her face that was so familiar to me as he fucked her, it was a look I still remembered from years back, when it was my cock. I was the first to get that look from her, and have been sorry ever since that we did not end up together.
I could not help but continue to watch him as he pushed his cock in and out of one of the most defined pussies I have ever seen now that it was not obscured by a bush. Now I was sure all of her was beautiful. I had never been part of group sex, or that close to a cock going in and out of a pussy, and that cock and pussy both belonged to my friends. Seeing her vagina grasping Gary's cock as he fucked her was something I had only seen in porn and the home movie on the screen of course as my ex's pussy was grasping a much bigger cock.
She was still on her side and Gary was now pushing her leg up, even more, to go deeper. They were just plain deliberately fucking in front of me, and he was also making an effort to make it extra hot, and easy for me to see. I could even see his cock get slick from her juices.
"Oh, Fuck Yeah Gary, fuck me harder, make me cum in front of Jeff, I want to be seen by someone as I reach the highest high in sex, and to have it be Jeff would be extra special."
It was the first verbal acknowledgment that what they were doing I was welcome to watch. Carmen was back to staring at me, as she used one hand to rub her clit. I moved so I would be sure they could see where my hand was, and that I was busy with my cock while watching them.
I was pleased, but pissed at the same time, and getting restless being with them, a spectator to a beautiful act, but not a participant. Carmen could see it in my eyes, and sense my frustration, Gary was too busy. She must have thought I might leave, and finally admitted verbally what they did, and were doing was on purpose,
"I hope you don't mind what we are doing Jeff, I for one just love having you watch Gary fuck me. Being intimate in front of you makes me feel like you are taking a part in it, yes, it is not something I have not dreamed about, Gary inviting you to join in and the two of you fuck me someday. I see you are busy on that big cock of yours and I can see how hard it is. I sure wish you were naked too, so I can at least see your cock, like I saw Brooke's lover's cock on the screen. It would only be fair, after you treating us to this clip, it was awesome of you, I am glad you are over it enough to share it with us."
Then she said, "If all this is freaking you out, don't blame Gary, it's my fault this all started tonight, well mostly, as Gary egged me on and that video helped trigger it. The blame lays on me for just getting naked in an act that looked like it was totally out of the blue, but it wasn't, not totally. We discussed it before, but at the time it was mostly just sex talk to turn each other on and was only getting naked. I know me just getting naked and masturbating caught Gary by surprise too. To tell you the truth, I did not think we would ever get the courage to actually do something like this.
I am sorry if we made you uncomfortable, but It's just that the three of us have always been so close, I did not think Gary and I naked fooling around a little would be that big of a thing, and led to us to thinking that us engaging in sex would be even hotter, and O.K. with you as well"
I did not say it out loud but I thought, she thinks oral sex and fucking on the living room sofa right next to a guest, is anyway the definition of fooling around?
She knew I was still a bit surprised, and she added, "Gary and I watch porn a lot to get ideas to keep our sex life fresh. As you know we have been married a while."
"We kind of got hooked on the exhibitionism ones, mostly girls just getting naked around strangers, and in public for the shock value. Then we found some clips that really, and I mean really turned us both on, it was videos with people being watched having sex, not sure if they were authentic, but the way they went was often a friend doing the filming, often a friend of the girls, like her BFF, and sometimes just the guy's buddy, my favorite of course, especially when his friend is asked to join. I guess that is what planted the seed for this.
"Ever since then we have wanted to be watched fucking by someone we knew, and you are a BFF to both of us, so what could be better than that. I am sorry it was probably too much. But I am so intoxicated with the love of the two of you right now, I would do anything either of you asked of me to make things right. You know it's both of us that love you Jeff, and love having you here as our first audience, please don't leave."
I was drunk and jerking off in my shorts as a result of my debuting my ex-wife's fuck video to my friends. Being that they were both naked and Gary's cock was, well, it was buried deep in her beautiful pussy as he fucked her. As stupid as I can be sometimes, what kind of fool would leave, this was a voyeur's wet dream, and I was still holding out hope for more. She was dropping plenty of hints to Gary of what she really wanted, and did say she would do anything we wanted, I had ideas, plenty of them.
Then Gary confirmed her statement, he added a simple statement and said it with his cock still in her and stroking, "It's true Jeff, we have talked about how it might feel to do this, not even ask, just get naked, and start fucking in front of someone, and it possibly being you, but it was not planned for tonight. To be honest, I did not think we would ever actually get the courage, but I always underestimate Carmen. Your video and her little strip show sure got things going. I feel so turned on, and am enjoying having my buddy watching me fuck the love of my life."
So I said, "OK, I admit it, I love seeing you two fuck, but you two have to realize it's something I have not been a spectator to before, or have I ever had a threesome. I love it so much, I feel like I could cum in my shorts at any time. I have to shed them and jerk off, do I go to my room, or do I have a part I can play in this. You know l love Carmen and have to realize it is something both her and I wish was more than a platonic friendship for both her and me. Seeing her naked with your hard dick in her pussy, this scene is just off the charts for me. It sure has beat watching my Ex I once thought I loved fuck her lover on a video. I have never tried to hide the fact that I think that I have more than just a friendship feeling for her I have to subdue. But I am not jealous seeing that little pecker of yours go in and out of her, it's not like I have not seen your package before."
I figured a little levity might help the awkwardness, at least for me, We have been
known to rib each other, and both of us had used that description of each other's package doing it.
Gary responded in kind, the verbal part of his reply was "Little Pecker of Mine Huh, yes you can, but I assure you it will only be Carmen that wants to watch you play with what I have conceded to her is a little bit bigger wiener. Come on, go ahead and get naked with us, but you may need these," as a box of Kleenex came flying over-top of Carmen and at me. I guess I appreciated the Kleenex, but at the same time, it was disappointing that jerking off might be all I got to do with them. On the other hand, I was more than ready to get busy on my rock-hard cock completely free from my shorts.
I admit I wanted Carmen to see my hard cock, to remind her it is a little bigger, yes it's the famous (bigger cock syndrome) we men are born with. The booze gave me a little more courage to just turn toward Carmen, to get the full effect of pulling my shorts down and my stiff cock popping up, right in front of their eyes, I hoped she would act like she had never seen it, especially as an adult at my place, I still was not sure what Gary knew of her and I's adventure at the quarry if anything, I never told him.
She just looked at my hard cock and tried to act as she had never seen it before and said, that's a pretty nice cock when it's hard. Maybe I can at least look it over closer after Gary cums," he was still pumping her, and rapidly the whole time they were talking.
Now they were getting serious, he was still behind her as he pushed his cock in and out of her, but they seemed to be in more of a performance mode now that they knew I was OK with it, and at least part of it I guess. She was curled up, making her closer to me, it put her head pretty close to my cock. It was on purpose I know, and so fucking hot, having her watch me jerk close up as I was watching her breasts moving back and forth as she was taking a cock.
Based on the look she was giving me, there was no doubt she was enjoying being fucked while watching me jerking. She had her fingers working her nipples as she stared into my eyes like she was doing that part for me. Once he fucked her a few minutes she was more composed being fucked while watched and was willing to do something surprising but nice. Knowing Gary was behind her and could not see her head or my cock, she first let her tongue hit my knob as I jerked. It was so hot having her do that with Gary right there. I could not help but scoot a little closer myself so that it reached her mouth. I would not say it was a blow job, but lips and tongue working just my knob was just as good under the circumstances. It was still teasing to me, but I have to say there are much worse things you can do on a Friday night than jerk off, get your knob licked by your friend's wife while watching then fuck next to you.
If I could not fuck her with my cock, as even face fucking would cause me to have to move my body and make him aware of it, I could at least do something to get her back for all the teasing she gives to me. I used my free hand to explore her breasts as that view was blocked for him too. There was another change in their position, and it cause her to point toward him, and put her leg over his, only half mounting his cock as he continued to fuck her, it put her breasts against his chest, and her ass was now in my reach. So I took that chance to feel her ass up, while slowly moving close to where Gary's cock was in her pussy. I could not see her face but could feel her body tremor as I did. Then since Gary would have felt my finger join his cock in her pussy, I stuck one of my fingers in her cute little butt hole, just pushing it in and out as Gary continued to stroke her pussy with his cock. It surprised her, it was meant to, not to mention the joy I had knowing I was fingering her butt hole as she took Gary's cock in her pussy.
I don't think it was a comfortable position to fuck for both of them, and hard for him to fully stroke her. So she moved into a total cowgirl to get more of his cock. I backed off then and just took care of myself, one thing you learn as a single man of my age is how to edge yourself to keep from cumming too soon while watching porn, I am proficient at it, and hoped it would work with this live show. They eventually changed positions again in this hot session and went back to oral, he had her legs back and was eating the pussy he had already fucked, as his buddy I was still not invited to join, I just watched and jerked off.
He had her by the thighs spread open, he was giving me a view I have only seen in porn. Her pussy was wide open for him to lick and nibble on, and for me to watch. He made sure I had a good view again and used his thumbs to spread her hole open so I could see him tongue fucking her. Oh, how I wished it was my tongue in that sweet little hole of hers. I would have loved to have mine even in her anus, but it was not possible in that position.
She was making no complaints, she had her feet up over his shoulders and her toes curled up as she praised him, not a scene I ever expected to see, or words I would hear her say to Gary in front of me, "Oh God, Oh Yeah keep going right there, lick my clit, show Jeff how lucky I am to have you eating this girl's pussy by making me cum, Oh Fuck, Yeah Gary, you are good."
Next, he crawled up and was fucking her again. I did not know how long I could last watching all this, but I did my best to just take myself to the edge.
She had her head turned my way this time instead of looking at Gary, I think he had his eyes closed he was trying so hard to cum. Seeing Carmen's eyes focused on me intently as I jerked my cock was different, she could not speak to me, but her face said, "I want you Jeff, I want you so bad," wishful thinking on my part I guess. She was enjoying herself and expressing it as she was getting a pink tint above her bouncing breasts and getting more verbal, even a little personal.
First telling Gary, "Oh Gary, I love watching Jeff jerk his Big Cock, at the same time you are fucking me with yours. You are the love of my life, not many men would let their wife even be completely naked in front of their male friend, and then let him see her taking your cock."
Carmen then added, "I love you too Jeff, not every friend would go along with this, without knowing if you would be getting a chance to join in, so far you haven't. You look so fucking hot, I love watching you play with that big cock of yours, and you are doing it so boldly like it is just for me, I love you, and I love your cock. I hope Gary will see that and share, so I could feel it inside me some time. I love the two of you so much and can't help but want more from you."
She reached out with her free hand, grabbed it, and squeezed it, just like she did at the quarry years ago. She could not have been any more direct in pitching a threesome or share to Gary, and I could not read the look on his face as she did, so I remained hopeful.
I just kept edging my cock, being careful to stretch things out, I was prepared to wait until Gary was ready, it would have been awkward for me to cum first, But not seeing his face made it hard to detect when he was ready.
He got serious, fucking her yet again by lifting her legs to go deeper, and now I was back on my loins and a little lower for the best total view. I had seen her breasts plenty of times, but I had never seen them like tonight with her on her back and a dick in her. There were just perfect right there above her abs, like two jello molds. I never noticed that she was still that fit. She is just so fucking hot, somehow I had to get my cock in her, and soon I hoped as I watched, and she moaned in pleasure as he pounded her hard now.
It was not long before she seized up and came, only saying one word, but three times, "Fuck, Fuck, Fuck" They took a pause but stayed engaged, Gary looked a little spent, even though he like me had not came, he seemed to be distracted and was losing his erection. I swear he was looking at my cock then, I hoped it was him considering giving me a turn. Carmen was nowhere near satisfied, she finished her earlier statement, "Fuck that felt good, fuck me some more, fuck me harder Gary, show Jeff how I can fuck all night, and be rough with me, smack my ass, hurry I need some more fucking, and need it now." Then she noticed that he was almost flaccid and trying to get his hardon back. Then I could not believe what she said, "Jeff is still rock hard, remember when we watched the cuckold porn, and you fucked like you never did before after you saw the guy watching his wife taking a bigger cock?"
She just laid back after that, and said, "I need at least one more fucking from someone, and I need it right now, now who is it going to be Gary?"
Finally, Gary said, "OK, Jeff, your up, I have been curious what it would be like to watch her fuck someone else, maybe that slightly bigger cock of yours can satisfy this minx, she is insatiable tonight. But I know you understand, this is a big step for me as her husband, but we all three have a love for each other, so I can't think of anybody better to watch pleasing my best girl, but I am reluctant, that can't be helped."
As much as I wanted this, I was still a little hesitant, he was right it was a big step, and I did not want to gamble with our lifelong friendship. His last statement made it hard for me to initiate anything with her in front of him. Then he broke the ice and said, "Well Jeff? Do I get a fuck show like I gave you or what? Some live porn, especially my best buddy fucking my wife will really get me back in the game I think."
It was what I had hoped would happen someday but why was I still apprehensive, and would be until I saw his reaction to it. Carmen, the bold one of us three, headed for me and started by just sucking
my cock as Gary moved over to, and sat in a chair, and watched. It was a good start but the best was yet to come.
We had played so many games, the build-up to this made it almost overwhelming. This was an act that was so overdue. Looking down at her looking back up at me, was so hot, and took me back all those years. But this time, at the same time I was looking at her, I could see Gary watching us, and looked to be regaining some of his erection. So many first, as close as we were since childhood and puberty, Gary and I had never even jerked off in front of each other until tonight. I had already jerked in front of him, and now I could see him start to work on himself, as I was getting sucked by his wife in front of him. I could not help but to want to keep checking to make sure he was still OK with this, but I had to get over it, and did the first time she swallowed my cock. I realized this was happening, and I mean really happening and I would be a fool not to enjoy it as it might be a one-time thing. Enjoy it I did, as it was something that I had waited well over 10 years for.
She was just so excited to have me, I had not seen her that excited since we were kids. That alone made me feel good that she wanted me as bad as I did her, I hoped it did not have the reverse effect on him. Soon she was pulling me down to the floor, and mounted me reverse cowgirl to ride my cock. Now we were even closer to Gary, I was not sure why she chose that move. She knows and remembers how taken I have always been so taken with her butt. Now it was right in front of me, and my cock was going in and out of her pussy, as I held her by her butt cheeks to stable her. I had to question at the same time if she was playing the cuck game too far, making him watch her fuck me. She is hard to figure out, I loved having her butt in front of me, but did not want to be part of her taunting Gary.
I was relieved when she motioned Gary to come to her, she wanted him in front of her to give her his cock, saying, "Oh Fuck Yeah, bring me my favorite cock, I always wanted to have the two of you inside me at once."
It took her years I guess you might say, but she was getting what she wanted, as usual, she was fucking one and sucking the other of her two buddies. It was kind of like the old days when the three of us would hang out, only X rated. Her butt is my weakness, and her pussy was still tight, just like I remembered when she and I lost our virginity. She had birthed no children, but boy does she have a sex drive, but I guess you can't stretch or wear one out by just fucking.
It was odd-looking forward and seeing Gary standing facing me with his cock in her mouth. But at the same time, it gave me a good feeling knowing that we were close enough buddies to do this together, and for him to still be fine with it. She did not want to only ride me as she sucked him though, we eventually fucked solo, she climbed off of me and got on her back lifted her legs, and that fantastic ass in the air, exposing her bald pussy to me. She said, "I liked riding you, but I can't wait to have just you just take me, and treat me like I am your cum slut and Gary is a stranger we are performing for. I am yours tonight, my hole is lubed, our spectator is back in his chair, and it's him this time that has his cock in his hand and ready to watch us. Time for just you and me to Fuck, don't hold back I want you to Fuck me hard in front of Gary, Jeff, I know he loves me and wants me to have this pleasure!"
Gary said to me, "Do as she says, if you don't fuck her hard enough and give her that extra inch she claims you have on me, I will be forced to kick your ass."
I mounted her as she put her legs up to receive me, and I was going to prove I could fuck her hard. But first, we kissed and took it slow for a few strokes, before I stepped up my speed. Up to that point, I really did not think about Gary watching us so much, but now that I had her ass in the air, the tables were turned, and I knew what Gary was seeing, it was my hard cock going in and out of his wife's perfect pussy. I then had some idea how he felt when he fucked her in front of me. It was a new high for me too, one I never thought I would get. The hardest part was still wondering if this was really was OK with him or was he just backed in a corner by her and making it sound like he is.
I just decided to give her what she was asking for, and was smacking her ass, even though I did not want to. I did not hold back with that either, her ass was getting red as I was both pounding her pussy and smacking her ass at the same time. But she loved it, "Oh Fuck Yeah, I am such a bad girl fucking my husband's best buddy in front of him. Do you see this Honey, do you see your cum slut wife taking your buddy's cock in front of you and just so happy to have it in her? Do you like watching this, his bigger cock is no disappointment, he is going to make me cum soon, Oh God I love his big cock."
There was no answer to that question, Gary was watching and listening, but busy with himself, I did not know what to think, he seemed to even like her throwing it up to him, it was a new game I was playing, and I was not told the rules. Having a couple invite you into their sex life is odd, but just so fucking hot and pleasureful just the same. So I kept giving her all I had, I pushed her legs back even further to lift her ass to where I could come down into her, and pile drive her, this had to create an even hotter view for Gary, and it was the only way I could be sure to give her that little extra length I have on him. It was strange knowing his view of this was my naked scrawny boy ass, her hands holding my clenched butt cheeks, and my cock going in and out of her pussy. I thought at the time, why couldn't my Brooke have been satisfied having a threesome with me, even if it was Z, he was a decent guy at least when I first knew him. I think our marriage would have been OK, and it might have even saved it, letting me see her take his huge cock in front of me.
I was going deep in Carmen, then pulling back out to go deep in her again, and just over and over. It just did not seem right that he was OK seeing all that, but he did not say anything as he jerked and watched intensely.
I fucked her harder than I ever did anyone before it seemed like, and soon my balls were starting to throb in pain from hitting my most favorite ass in the world, but I sucked it up and just kept pounding her. She is a moaner, I was wondering if she would praise me again in front of him. She did finally get a few words out, "Oh, Fuck Yeah Jeff, smack my ass some more too, I can take it, and I am about to cum for the first time with another man in front of my husband, Oh, Fuck it feels good, I love the two of you so much."
Then she started to shake as she came, it looked intense, she was out of it and shaking for what seemed like minutes before saying, "Oh Fuck Yeah that felt good, did you see that honey, he made me cum so hard I was out of my head a few moments, it so intense because I like you watching me fuck."
Then she praised Gary and I was glad, saying, "I have the best husband in the world, letting me fuck our BFF in front of him, you look so hot Honey jerking off, I love you so much, I love you both and am so glad I am getting shared!"
I was still fucking her while this chatter was going on, and I started going for my own "O" as she looked over at Gary yet again and said, "I hope it is alright with you if Jeff cums in me, I just have to have to feel his seed in me?"
He both shocked me, and made me feel better about how he felt when he followed that with some of his famous humor, "It is fine with me, maybe we can even have a creampie contest, take a photo of them to show your parents and all of our other friends, and let them decide who won?"
His sarcasm can be just hilarious sometimes, this was one of them, it almost ruined the moment, it is hard to go for your cumshot and laugh with your friends at the same time.
She had a grip on me though, and I had no choice as to where to cum anyway, she still had those strong legs and had them clamped around my naked ass, while her hands were wrapped around my chest tightly as well. It felt so good and made it reminiscent of our first time, only this time I did not stop stroking her, I kept going and it felt so good as I shot rope after rope in her still perfect pussy. I did not stop until I knew she was overflowing, and I was near empty.
I have to say that this was as close of feeling that I ever had to that first time with her, and I gave Carmen a nice long kiss, and then we rolled over on our backs, about that time Gary was right over Carmen, and trying to finish himself off. A view of him I never thought I would see, I felt so close to them at that moment, so I reached for Carmen and pulled her close to me and said to Gary, "Go for it buddy, all for one, one for all, we just fucked in front of you, punish us, shoot your load on us both, but no facial for me, I have my limits. He did, under the circumstances, it was a good feeling but not something I wanted to repeat. He did not give me a lot, just a couple of ropes, he knew it was a token act for me, but I kind of liked the feel of it, and did not make me feel gay. It was just a unique way to put a period to what I hoped was just our first threesome.
We did not talk much, but we showered together before taking a break, we dried but did not dress, we were enjoying being just three naked buddies, drinking some wine, and having a snack. Gary asked me if I still smoked pot, I hadn't for a while, and even longer since I did with the two of them, it was a good time to renew the old habit, the three of us naked at the pool smoking pot. He had some good stuff, it fucked us up, me at least. It kind of made this whole strange but enjoyable journey
of ours even better. We were, Fucked Up, and feeling good. I did not bring it up, or make any reference to what we did earlier, but Gary said, "If your curious Jeff, I loved what has happened tonight, but only because it was you, I could not have watched anyone else with Carmen."
It was then when Carmen came over and first just stood there displaying her perfect body to us, then kissed us both, and took us by the hand, and the three of us went to their bedroom, she crawled up and started to mount me again, and I was not sure I was ready to fuck again, but my cock was hard enough, and I was sure I could come up with another cum shot. She is such a nymph, and the next thing I thought was, is she just going to jump me again like this in front of Gary after I had just fucked her about an hour before, and gave her a pie? Overstepping a new freedom like a kid would do I thought?
She leaned over to kiss me, and said, "Well I hope this is alright with you two, I have told Gary I wondered what it would be like to have both of you at once, but not just blowing one of you, I mean you both fuck me at once. I wanted to try a DP, and a real one with Gary taking me anal, he just loves fucking me there anyway, and I do it for him. I guess we are all rookies so let's go easy, grease that boner up, and get behind me Gary, your time to join is next."
Wow, I was so pissed off earlier in the evening when they fucked and left me out, but now I was in not just a threesome, but a DP with them, and it was a real one, my first. Gary seemed more than fine with it and entered her anally to join my cock already in her tight pussy. Now my buddy's cock was only a thin wall away. I had never even had a regular threesome, and I was stoned having a DP with the two people that I have loved since childhood. I did not know how much they had discussed this, but we all seemed to be fine with it. I could soon feel Gary's cock enter and start moving through the thin wall between her vagina and anal cavity.
I liked it, she is tight anyway, this just made her tighter, and add the excitement of doing it, I was in sexual heaven. By the sounds Carmen was making, she was beyond that. I can't say we went long, we did not need to, it was more about us both being inside her at once than it was anything. But we got her off, she screamed and gripped my arms when she came I guess you would call it anally as I was barely able to stroke her. Once Gary came, he pulled out and I was able to speed up, soon she had both of our loads, then we just laid there, her with her legs spread as she was draining spunk from both holes. She started to laugh and addressed Gary, "Not sure I am crazy about two pies at once, but I wish you could have seen the look on Jeff's face when he felt your cock enter my ass."
Jeff, "I love you so much for helping to make our marriage stronger, we will likely never have someone else we could do that with. I am so glad to have you two in my life, two slobs, but two that make a decent living and know how to please the cum slut in me. I hope it is not the only time, but only if Gary feels the same way."
I left for the guest bedroom then and had breakfast with the two of them in the morning. I felt a little awkward, but everything was normal with them, nothing was mentioned about the night before.
I did not know what the future might bring, but it could never beat that first night.