Strip-Off: Vengeance!
Part 6
Tension was high on the beach that fateful day- the final day of the Strip-Off. Tanya was the center of attention, having been fully naked for a week. Walking around town in the nude, drawing stares and catcalls from young men and women of all walks of life, had made her feel both sexy and ashamed simultaneously. A strange mix of emotions played on the woman's face, replacing the dominant and aggressive expression that she usually wore as a professional domme.
Next to Tanya was Rook, who was covering up her chest and looking at Tanya warily.
Kyrie was in the middle topless and blushing, but also thinking about what the jackpot prize might be. She looked up for a moment to check the other contestants- Sam was topless as well, and Hina still had a bikini on.
Kyrie began to speak. "Alright, so. I'm curious about that jackpot. If we want to win the jackpot prize, Hina needs to place last, and Tanya needs to place first..."
Rook shook her head. "I'm not agreeing to that. I HAVE to get first place, no matter what, and I'm not planning on throwing. I mean, it's embarrassing to be naked... and as for just losing on purpose, Arrow would probably say, 'Where's the fun in that?'"
Kyrie sighed. "Yep, I figured as much... Tanya, you'll have to do your best to place first. Hina, are you okay placing last?"
Hina blushed. "I... I don't know... if Rook isn't going to cooperate, why should I lose all of my clothing? I'd rather just try and win, in that case..."
Kyrie scratched her head. "Then if Tanya were to come in first, would you willingly score last place?
Hina shrugged. "Maybe."
"And Sam? What do you think?"
Sam shrugged. "I mean, I'll try to stay near the front. I'll see what happens... but yeah, I'm willing to let Tanya take first. If Rook is too close, though, I might just try to take first myself..."
Suddenly, a helicopter descended from the sky, hovering above the starting line. Arrow leaned out the side, speaking with a megaphone. "Well hello there, contestants! This time, I decided that I should use this helicopter to oversee this Racy Race- usually I'd just do it through the screen, but since this is the last one, I think the expense is justified to see it in person. The viewers are on the moving bleachers as usual- wave at the camera, everyone!- but there are also some drones for our VIP members to look through!"
Arrow began to explain the rules. "The rules are the same as the previous two Racy Races. You must run down the beach, in full view of the audience, and stop to complete challenges on the way. And I made sure there are no loopholes or sneaky tricks you can pull, like Lilith did in the first season! I WILL clarify and revise the rules if anyone tries to exploit any loopholes! Anyways- first place loses no clothing, last place loses two pieces of suit, and the other four lose one suit piece each."
Rook nodded. "Simple enough... Can we start, please?"
Arrow held their trusty, custom-made dildo out the helicopter window. "Are you all ready? The final game of Strip-Off starts... NOW!"
The dildo released its fluid as the players all took off from the starting line. Rook, her veins full of adrenaline, pulled ahead of the rest- she HAD to win. Hina, with her small frame, and Kyrie, with her fairly weak constitution, fell behind quickly.
The audience cheered as the women's breasts heaved and bounced, their shapely legs and shoulders on display for all to see. The scene was youthful, beautiful, as if some naughty teenagers were playing and streaking down the beach on a warm summer afternoon.
Of course, the stakes were much higher than just a playful afternoon on the beach. Rook arrived at the first challenge, which was a table with a note on it. The note read: "Before continuing, you must cum. While you are at this challenge, you may not touch yourself or any other contestant anywhere with your hands."
Rook stared at the note for a few moments. She blushed, hesitating. She could complete this challenge easily- she had a foolproof strategy- but...
Tanya was the second one to arrive, and she beheld Rook paralyzed with indecision. Tanya covered herself a bit and asked Rook: "Hey, could you please give me the note so I can read what it says?"
Rook snapped out of her indecision, placing the note back on the table for Tanya to read. She then sat on the ground and began to stretch, reaching towards her toes with her hands and limbering up her back, careful to not touch any part of her body with her hands on accident.
Tanya looked at Rook in confusion, wondering how exactly that would make her cum. She shrugged and walked up to the table, trying to hump it. The table was rounded and fairly thick, so she had some problems trying to do so- there were no edges or corners to wedge into her waiting pussy lips. But she made do, beginning to feel a bit hot from stimulation.
Rook decided that she had stretched enough, and planted her hands at her sides, exposing her chest to the audience. She blushed in shame, thinking about what she was about to do in front of everyone- but that just caused her dick to harden, making a huge bulge in her panties. She took a deep breath, then pushed off the ground with her hands, sending her head and body forward...
...and she began to lick her own cock.
Her tongue was just long enough to reach her throbbing penis- she was pretty flexible due to her conscious efforts to cultivate a more feminine body. She swirled her tongue around the tip, gasping and shaking, her hands still planted firmly on the ground. As the heat swelled up inside her loins, she leaned a bit more forward, and sucked on her own cock for a few seconds.
That was enough to push her over the edge, She leaned her head back as cum leaked out of her suit panties. She panted, a bit winded from having cum, but she got up and continued running- she had a clear lead.
The other contestants arrived soon after. Kyrie managed to cum relatively quickly by sucking and kissing her hair, but the other contestants took a while, humping the air, the ground, and the table like horny teenage boys that couldn't find anything to fuck. The crowd jeered and hooted at the humiliated contestants, writhing in pleasure on the sand, desperate to cum but unable to stroke their dripping pussies...
The crowd cheered as the helicopter, the moving bleachers, and the contestants all moved towards the second challenge. Rook arrived first, snatching up the note on the table quickly: it read, "Put on an arousal meter from the table, and edge yourself three times in a row without cumming before proceeding. No masturbating afterwards."
Rook cursed. Having just cum the previous round, she had to take a minute to get her erection back up, in which time Kyrie was able to catch up. They both grabbed a sensor from the table and began masturbating in full view of the crowd.
Kyrie shivered a little. "Ahh... ahh... I'm gonna... n-no...!" She stopped just before she came, gasping and panting. She moaned. "T-that's... one..." Rook followed suit just after, wincing as the urge to cum swelled and subsided in her throbbing dick.
Tanya soon arrived, with Sam and Hina in tow- Sam and Hina were covered in sand, and they went towards the ocean to attempt to wash the distractingly itchy sand themselves off before trying to masturbate.
Tanya read the challenge and smiled. She had edged countless men and women, and she had practiced on herself countless times- she could do it easily. She began, and quickly caught up to Rook and Kyrie, gasping a bit during her first edge.
Soon, Rook was edging a second time. She moaned and begged to no one as she tortured herself. "Ahh... please... I wanna cum...! Please, oh god, it hurts, I wanna cum I wanna cum..." She ran towards the cold water to try and get a hold of herself. Kyrie, after her second edge, lay on the sand for a few minutes, trying to calm down.
Hina and Sam both came, having been stimulated by the sight of Rook and Kyrie's desperate sexual urges. They took a while to recover, and tried again...
In the end, it was Tanya who edged for the third time first, with Rook finishing her third edge after. They both started to run, but slowed down, realizing that running too fast could cause them to cum. Rook moaned and begged her penis to hold on, trying to move slowly to not stimulate it any more, while Tanya resisted the urge to rub her legs together frantically...
The two leaders soon arrived at the third challenge: there were six X-shaped bondage crosses, with an audience member standing next to each one. There were sex toys on the table- plenty of feathers, whips, vibrators, etc. The instructions read: "Strap yourself into a bondage cross, and last for 60 seconds without making a noise above sixty decibels."
Tanya scratched her chin. "I... am getting a LOT of experience as a sub on this show. Not what I was expecting."
Rook snorted. "You like it. Admit it."
Tanya grinned. "I never said I didn't like it."
Both Rook and Tanya rushed to strap themselves onto their bondage crosses. Then, the audience members picked up their tools and began to work...
The person who approached Rook was a young-looking woman with round glasses and a full bosom. She grinned, flicking Rook's erect member. "Looks like someone's happy to see me."
Rook blushed. "Uh, actually, I'm not even sure if I'm into girls."
The woman held up a vibrating cock ring. "Oh, I'm sure you'll warm up to it."
Rook screamed in a high-pitched, wavering voice that conveyed immense surprise and vulnerability. She squirmed and shook, but the cock ring was inescapable. Rook quickly was brought to the edge, still horny from her previous edging session. But her tormenter turned it back down, caring her to scream and beg for release.
"Ahh...! AHHH~"
Tanya was having a similarly difficult time. A handsome, young male college student was handling her- he had brown hair, gentle eyes, and a smiling face that did not match the intense fingerbanging that he was administering to the helpless contestant.
"Aww, so cute... You're so adorable...! That's it, let it all out..."
It took both women a while for them to regain enough composure to hold in their voices, and even then a little whimper slipped out here and there.
Kyrie arrived, and after reading the instructions, strapped herself in. Her attendant tried to make her scream by touching and caressing her hair, but she withstood their onslaught by remembering her yawn-inducing college history class.
The three of them managed to keep their voices below the limit, and soon, Rook was let go, with Tanya and Kyrie following after.
Rook ran and ran and ran. She didn't think of anything else. Only her goal.
Rook finally reached the last challenge, which was right before the finish line. It read: "Face the audience, spread your legs, squat down, and masturbate. When you cum, call yourself a horny, slutty bitch in heat while making an orgasm face and holding up two peace signs with your hands."
Rook blushed. As much as she wanted to win and keep her panties on, this challenge was embarrassing enough to make her hesitate. But, looking behind her, she could see Tanya and Kyrie gaining on her. Resolved, she faced the audience and squatted down, masturbating again. She was still hard from edging so much, but facing the audience gave her stage fright- it was a bit hard for her to perform. She swore and cursed, wanting to cum badly, but too embarrassed to do so. It took her a while to reach the edge again.
Tanya and Kyrie arrived and read the instructions. They looked over at Rook, who seemed like she was getting lost in her arousal, and who seemed like she would cum soon. They quickly masturbated in a similar way- they moaned as loudly as possible, imagining all the different perverted scenarios they had each gone through.
Rook came first, her milky semen spurting out onto the sand. The rolled her eyes back a bit, stuck out her tongue, and holding up peace signs, keeping her hands off of her spasming dick. "I... I'm a horny, slutty bitch in heat...! I'm such a pervy exhibitionist!"
Rook slumped to her knees, gasping and panting. The crowd cheered. Rook, embarrassed, kicked some sand over the wet spot on the ground, and ran towards the finish line.
Tanya, who finished cumming a few seconds after Rook, called out- "Rook, wait! Hold on, before you step over that line!"
Rook stopped just short of the finish line. "Why should I wait? You have two minutes to convince me!"
Tanya took a step forward, but Rook held out her hand. "Not another step, or I'm going to step across the finish line! Don't come any closer until you convince me to throw- not that you ever will!"
Tanya thought for a moment. She smiled, and put a hand on her hips. "Your Mistress demands it."
Rook blushed a bit, then shook her head. "As sexy as you are, that sort of thing doesn't work on everyone. There are some things that sex just can't do, you know?
Arrow gasped. "Wh... what...? No...! You did NOT just say that! Sex is- sex is the greatest! The highest form of art known to man-"
Rook sighed. "This is between me and her, Arrow."
Tanya tried again. "Um, the jackpot! There's the jackpot. Obviously, it has to be the greatest thing ever if it's so hard to get!"
Rook shrugged. "How do you know? All Arrow said is that it's not money. And I happen to NEED money, more than some jackpot..."
Suddenly, Kyrie's voice called out. "I'm a horny, slutty bitch in heat!" She came, and then stumbled over herself running towards where Tanya was standing. Panting, she joined in the conversation.
"You need money? You can have mine!"
Arrow laughed. "Wow, folks! She wants the jackpot so badly, she'd give up even her $10,000 worth of participation money to see it! A truly curious mind!"
Rook raised an eyebrow. "Money, huh? Well, but this-" She pointed to her panties. "This is worth ten times what you're offering me."
Kyrie continued speaking. "But you don't want the money itself. You want the gender-confirming surgery the money can buy you. $10k is too little, but you don't need $100k. $20k would be enough, right?"
Rook shook her head. "Well, that's enough for cheap gender affirmation surgery. But $100k will get me much better service. A better body..."
Tanya chimed in. "I'll give you my $10k too. And remember, the jackpot is a prize in and of itself, too!"
Rook thought about it. "Thirty thousand... that's enough for decent surgery. I'd prefer the $100k, but the $30k and the jackpot combined are enough to make me consider your offer. But..."
Kyrie probed further. "But what?"
Rook looked at them suspiciously. "How do I know you won't just bail on me, keep your money and leave me alone? How do I know that you won't... won't make fun of me for having a dick, or something? It's dangerous being trans, and a girl having her dick out in public... I'd have to be naked for a week after this, right? Would they call me ugly, unnatural, freak?"
Arrow called out from their helicopter. "We have bodyguards, by the way! And they don't tolerate transphobes!"
Kyrie looked up at Rook, standing in front of the finish line, the sun setting behind her. "You... you're beautiful, Rook. By any standard, you are a beautiful woman. Your facial proportions and measurements are similar to the Mona Lisa, which has some fascinating relationships with the Golden Ratio. But besides that, I..." Kyrie blushed. "I'm a bit... enraptured by you..."
Rook looked at her. She seemed sincere. Rook smiled. "You really think I'm pretty?"
Kyrie nodded shyly.
"Do you want to have sex with me?"
Kyrie covered her blushing face. "I... I've fantasized about it multiple times, Rook... Please stop asking embarrassing questions..."
At this point, it was far past two minutes since they began talking. But Rook smiled even more, and kept asking Kyrie questions. "Would you let me stroke your hair? Let me tease you? Let me step on you? Kiss you? Hm? Would you?"
Kyrie just nodded.
Rook paused. "And... be honest with me. Look at me."
Kyrie stood up and looked at her. Rook was no longer covering up her flat chest, nor her bulge in her panties, nor the Adam's Apple in her neck. She looked at Kyrie. "...do you think of me as a girl?"
Kyrie looked at her and examined her for a good minute. Her face was beet red the whole time. "I... you're definitely a girl."
Rook said, "Are you sure?"
Kyrie covered her face. "I'm a lesbian, okay!? I... I've experimented with boys, and they just didn't do it for me! I wouldn't be blushing this hard for a guy!" She seemed a lot less dignified and scientific now. She wasn't a scientist- right now, she was a horny lesbian, and everyone could tell.
Rook turned to the audience. "And all of you. What do you-"
The audience wasn't listening to her. They were staring at her chest, masturbating. They were staring at her thighs, fantasizing. They even stared at her dick, and salivated.
Arrow landed their helicopter, and walked up to Rook. "They're all perverts. They love topless women."
Rook laughed. "Wow... what was I expecting? I... I expected controversy. Like at the beginning of the show."
Arrow grinned evilly. "You know what they love more than topless women?"
"What?"
"Completely naked women."
Rook stepped away from the finish line. "Guess I'd better give them what they want then. Tanya! You go first!"
The crowd cheered as Tanya walked towards Rook. "Thank you. I promise you- you will not regret it. I'll give you the $10k at the awards ceremony."
Tanya crossed the finish line. Rook proceeded after her, then Kyrie.
Rook paled. "Oh, shit. Wait. We need Hina to come in last!"
Kyrie nodded. "Don't worry. She told me that if Tanya was first place, then she would throw."
Arrow scratched their head. "Huh. Where ARE they...? I mean, we've been standing here for a while now."
As if on cue, Hina came running towards them, with Sam behind her.
Kyrie called out. "Hina! Tanya won! You should throw!"
Hina paled. "I have BIGGEr PROBLEMS RIGHT NOW!"
Sam tackled her from behind, pushed her to the sand, and leaned up to her ear. "Hey... you wanna fuck? I wanna fuck your ass so hard right now..."
Hina squirmed and struggled. "Ahh... I... You can, but... We need to finish the game...!"
Hina's words weren't reaching Sam completely- she was in her nympho personality, and didn't care about the game one whit. "You said it's fine, right? Hee hee, I got consent!" Hina began moaning as Sam began scissoring her. Their pussies, still covered by their panties, were soaking wet.
Hina begged and begged. "Please... Ah, I love this... I love fucking you... But... Please just go and finish the race...!"
Sam grinned. "Don't wanna..." She began tugging at Hina's panties and bra, but they weren't coming off.
Hina had an idea. "Sam, if you get to the finish line... my bra and panties will fall off, you know...?"
Sam looked up- some part of her realized that Hina was right. If she wanted Hina to be naked, she would have to finish the game.
Drooling, Sam ran up to the final challenge, read it, and masturbated furiously, imagining Hina's naked, childish body. Her tongue was already hanging out by the time she got to orgasm- she spread her legs, rolled up her eyes, and put up two peace signs, shouting: "I'm a horny slutty bitch in heat!" She proceeded to rush over the finish line.
Arrow fired their dildo in the air. "Game over! Looks like EVERYONE IS NAKED!" Arrow clicked their remote frantically- everyone's clothes fell off. All six contestants were standing buck naked on a public beach, blushing and hiding themselves...
...except for Rook.
Rook was blushing, but she was trying to keep her hands away from herself. She was scared, but she wanted to know what people thought of her.
The audience got a full on look at Rook's penis. It was still glistening with her own cum, wet and erect. Moderately sized, and standing at attention. She had no foreskin- the head was fully exposed. And her pubic hair was shaven clean.
The audience hardly got to look at her for two seconds before Kyrie jumped on her and made out with her. Sam followed suit pinning Hina to the ground again and humping her hips.
Arrow cleared their throat. "Uh... that's a lot of fucking. Er, That's it, folks- the final challenge! See you all later for the awards ceremony!"