"Remember my friend Allie? She's coming round to give me a massage this afternoon."
Allie was Mel's friend from back when. They'd recently reconnected after a decade or more. Allie, as it turned out, had made a career switch and had become a massage therapist. Most days she worked for a salon, but she also did house calls.
"I was going to work from home today," I told her. Well, from Mel's. Her flat was nicer than mine, and I was there almost all the time anyway. "Want me to make myself scarce?"
She leaned forward and kissed me, her eyes open and a smile on her lips. "You can stay, as long as you're quiet. Don't tell me you don't want to watch."
I did. The idea of Mel's naked body, all oiled up, being rubbed by another woman... I set aside a spot in the wank bank to file the memory for future reruns. Even though it was all supposed to be prim and professional.
And I knew Mel would want me to watch. We'd been together for the better part of a year, but she still got off on displaying herself for me. Particularly if I couldn't act on it immediately.
The day dragged. I made sure I handled all my phone calls in the morning so I wouldn't have to disturb Mel and Allie. During my lunchbreak we moved the furniture in the living room so Allie would have room for her massage bench. And when I got back to work I set up my laptop with a good view of the space we'd cleared.
The doorbell rang a few minutes before four. Mel disappeared into the hall, and moments later I heard squeals of delighted greetings. Lovely to see you, you look wonderful you bitch, how long has it been. That kind of thing.
When Mel led Allie into the living room I was a bit surprised. She was a few years older than Mel -- a goodlooking woman just entering her middle years. Mel introduced us and we made polite small-talk for a few minutes.
Mel went to the bedroom to change, and I offered to help Allie set up the bench that was slung on a strap over her shoulder. She declined with a laugh. "Thanks, but I've got quite handy with this thing." It was true. It took her only seconds to unfold the black square into a full-sized massage bench.
Mel reappeared as Allie was pulling bottles of oil from her bag. She'd changed into her dressing gown, a flimsy dark green thing that looked stunning on her. I returned to my computer, but kept an eye on what they were doing.
Mel was naked beneath the gown, and I caught a flash of her boobs as she climbed onto the bench and lay down on her stomach. The smile she sent my way told me that it was deliberate.
I admired the shape of her body, even after Allie covered her arse with a towel. The cream material set off Mel's curves, highlighted them even. Knowing what was underneath was making my mouth water.
Mel folded her hands beneath her cheek and closed her eyes. A deep breath made her boob swell out, pressing between her body and the bench, slightly paler than the rest of her. A memory flashed across my mind of running my tongue over her flesh there, making her squirm and giggle.
I tried to focus on my screen.
Allie got to work. She looked very professional, in a cream uniform that hugged her hips and bosom. Her shiny chestnut hair was held up in a clip, exposing the back of her neck. I caught myself stealing glances, and felt guilty. After all, Mel was right there.
The scent of rosemary filled the room as Allie poured oil onto my girlfriend's naked back and began to rub it into her skin. Mel made small appreciative noises, and Allie murmured a question. Mel grunted an affirmative, and Allie continued.
Soon Mel's skin was gleaming, and my cock was swelling in my trousers. This wasn't helped by the gasps and grunts coming from Mel's mouth. I could almost pretend she was enjoying it sexually. In fact, I realised that she was probably exaggerating for my benefit.
When Allie moved to the other side of the bench I noticed Mel's eyes were open and she was looking at me. Not my face, though. Her eyes were focused beneath the table. Pretending not to notice, I spread my legs and gave myself a quick adjustment.Two can play that game,I thought.
Just then a message flashed up on my screen. It was Linda, my boss. Temporary boss, actually, but she was hoping to make it permanent. She didn't like that I was also being considered for the role.
With a sinking feeling I opened the message and read it. I managed to bite down on a curse, but it took an effort. A glance across the top of my screen told me that Mel and Allie hadn't noticed.
Linda's note was short and to the point. The report I was working on suddenly needed to be finished this afternoon, instead of tomorrow. Management was counting on it, blah blah. She'd expected me to be done already, otherwise she'd have told me sooner, blah blah.
Blah blah bullshit. Linda was going to take credit for it, of course. But if I didn't finish it, she'd blame me and my chances of the promotion would vanish faster than a middle manager's integrity around bonus time.
So I suppressed another curse, typed a curt reply and shifted my focus to my work. It was tight, but I could just about make it work. As long as the sight of Mel's naked body only a few feet away didn't distract me too much.
For a time everything went well. I worked productively, only occasionally stealing a glance at what was happening in the living room. When Allie told Mel to turn over I looked up from my screen to watch.
This time Mel didn't even pretend she wasn't flaunting. For a second, as she turned, I had a full frontal view: boobs, pussy and all. It took all my willpower to turn my concentration back to my work.
Allie replaced the towel over Mel's waist, leaving her boobs uncovered. Soon they were shining like the rest of her. Her nipples puffed up and-- No, I had to work.
With a discipline that surprised myself I kept my mind on the report. Allie moved around the bench, spending time on each of Mel's legs before turning to her head and chest. Legs were hot, head not really. After realising that Allie's hands weren't going to be fondling my girlfriend's boobs, I managed to stay focused on my work.
Mel's sounds of appreciation grew louder, although I wasn't sure whether that was an actual reaction or whether she was trying to draw my attention back to her.
What did grab my attention, however, was when I heard Allie murmur something that sounded like "happy ending". My eyes shot up just in time to see Mel give a slight nod. Allie went to stand on the far side of the bench and slid her hand beneath the towel.
Screw work, screw Linda, screw that promotion. This was more important.
Mel's eyes were closed and her lips were parted slightly. Allie's hand was working beneath the towel, and as I watched Mel pulled her knees up and spread her thighs. The towel slipped to the floor.
Mel's skin was tight and shiny. Even softened by the gauze drapes, the light from the window seemed to dance across it, stroking, teasing, tantalising.
Allie's other hand was at Mel's boobs, her fingers running over the nipples, giving gentle tweaks and drawing soft gasps. Mel had her eyes closed, her mouth slightly open. Her tongue flicked out to lick her lips.
Through Mel's grunts I heard the occasional wet noise coming from where Allie was rubbing away between her legs. The smell of rosemary in the room was thick, but now another scent ran through it. Sweet and intoxicating, the scent that was entirely Mel's own.
When Mel's hand went up to glide over Allie's arse I gave up all pretence at not watching. I'd never known Mel to be interested in women, sexually. She'd never mentioned any past experiences, never mentioned women when we discussed our fantasies.
Then I noticed that her head had turned slightly my way, and I realised she must be watching me through slitted lids. I pretended not to notice, just sat there with my mouth slightly agape and a massive bulge in my trousers.I know she's doing it to tease me,I thought,but I'm not complaining. It's still hot to watch.
Allie didn't seem to mind Mel's hand, even when it rose higher and slipped under her jacket. In fact, she seemed to move her body to give her easier access. I saw the cream material shift, the outline of Mel's hand glide up and down as she clearly stroked her friend's skin.
Allie abandoned Mel's boobs to use both hands on her pussy. The rubbing motion at Mel's clit continued, while the second hand seemed to be teasing her slit. Mel gave a small shock, then lay still again. Her breathing was hard.
Then Allie's hand stopped its teasing and focused on one spot. From the angle I guessed it was Mel's entrance. She seemed to press forward, and Mel's back arched. A gasp escaped, warm and wet, followed by another as Allie began to work her fingers in and out.
I could tell Mel was getting close. Her body was shivering, tensing and untensing. The hand under Allie's jacket seemed to be clutching, grasping, and the other had the edge of the massage bench in a death grip.
Allie leaned close. Her hands were working away, and I saw a drop of sweat on her temple. Loose strands of hair were clinging to her forehead.
Then Mel stiffened, her back arching again, and she gave a wailing gasp. The hand clutching at the bench let go and came up to her face, stifling her moans with her knuckles.
Allie's hands slowed, then picked up the pace again, sending more shocks rippling through Mel. Her boobs shuddered with her choked gasps, nipples swollen and puffy, and a wail slipped passed her fist.
Again Allie slowed, and again she brought Mel to climax. Gentler this time, like she was guiding her down, soothing her ecstasy.
Mel's moans became whimpers, whimpers became panting breaths, and her body relaxed.
Allie turned, her hands gliding over Mel's body in a sensual motion, until their faces were close. Without a word they looked at each other, then Mel smiled and raised her head.
Their lips met in a kiss. Soft at first, then deeper, stronger. Mel's hand was still under Allie's jacket, and I saw it move up and down in gentle stroking motions.
Allie was about to speak when an urgent ringing from my computer startled us all. I tore my gaze from the scene before me to the screen. Incoming call from Linda. Fuck.
I felt two pairs of eyes on me as I scrabbled for my headset and plugged it in. An apologetic grimace, and a quick adjustment of my trousers, was all I had time for before I answered the call.
Linda's face appeared on the screen. She was frowning, but that was her usual expression these days. "How's that report?" Her voice grated in my ears.
"Coming along nicely," I replied, hastily casting around in my mind to think where I'd abandoned it. "Why, are you bringing the deadline forward yet again?" I didn't bother to hide what I thought of that.
"Legal want to review it before it goes to the Board," Linda replied.
Of course they did. "I take it you didn't mention that I have a Law degree? That I know more about it than they do?" I was about to say more, but my eyes were drawn to what was happening beyond the edge of my screen.
Mel had pushed herself upright with her legs dangling over the side of the massage bench. Her naked body gleamed, the oil shining on her smooth skin. Her face was slightly flushed. She watched me for a moment, then jumped lightly down. Her boobs bounced with the movement.
Linda was saying something in my ears, but my attention was all on the naked form of my girlfriend. The dark curls below her stomach gleamed, either from the oil or from her own arousal.
She took Allie by the hand and drew her around the bench. Slipping her hand around her waist, she turned her gaze to me. "We're just going to the bedroom, babes. You want to join us when you're ready?"
Unable to reply, I watched mutely as the pair of them walked to the door. Just before they left, Mel turned. "We'll try not to make too much noise. Wouldn't want to interrupt your call." The smirk she added was pure evil.
Linda was barking in my ears. "Hello? Are you even listening to me?"
"Not really," I replied. "How about we get Legal in on this so we can save everyone a lot of trouble?"
Linda went silent for a moment. From the bedroom I could hear Mel giggling. Then Linda started arguing. I cut her off. "Listen, you win. I'll send the report to Legal, and they can sort it out. Now just shut up and let me do my job."
Her face froze as I broke the connection.Fuck her!Tossing aside the headset, I ran my mind over the report, trying to decide the bare minimum that needed doing. It was difficult to concentrate with the noises I heard from the bedroom.
Soft murmurs and giggles. Then a moan -- Mel -- and a breathless gasp.
Suddenly Allie's voice came clear and loud. "If you're done with your call, I might need your help with Mel."
Fuck! Fuck fuck fuckity fuck!"Sorry," I called back. "I really need to finish this work."
The reply came from Mel. "Your loss, babes! You realise we're both naked here, don't you?"
"I'll be there as soon as I can!" Cursing Linda beneath my breath, I typed as fast as I could.I'll make her pay for this!
"Babes?" It was Mel, calling from the bedroom again. "Do you know where my nipple clamps are? Allie wants to try them."
I'll make her pay for this!"Have you looked in the box with the rest of your toys?"
Silence, then: "Found them! Thanks, babes!"
More whispers from the bedroom, a squeal from Allie, an appreciative murmur. "She likes them!" called Mel.
If I jump up now, my cock will catch on the table and turn it over."That's wonderful to know. But I really have to concentrate on my work."
Silence while I typed some more. A thought struck me, and I checked to see who from Legal was online. Hal Burton -- we'd done our onboarding together. I sent him a message.
Working on the Finley report. Linda says you want to see it before it goes upstairs. Anything in particular you want to review?
I continued working, trying not to be distracted by the noises from the bedroom. A buzzing sound, and gasps from Mel.
Hal's reply popped up.Just checked with the boss. The worry was if Linda was writing it. If you're writing it, we're happy. Send it on directly to the C-folks.
Well, that was flattering. It also freed up some time.
I half rose -- my cock catching on the edge of the table, like I'd expected -- but then a thought struck me. For a moment I hesitated. The sounds coming from the bedroom were enticing, but I had to look at the bigger picture.
"Babe?" I called, sitting down again. "Can the two of you hold on for another quarter of an hour?"
The murmurs and gasps stopped. Mel's head appeared round the doorway. Her cheeks were flushed, and her eyes flashed. "What's so important?" There was a dangerous edge to her voice.
I smiled apologetically, pleadingly. "I just have to finish this. It's a chance to screw over Linda."
After a moment her look softened. She knew how much I hated Linda. "Alright. But," and she glanced over her shoulder, "I'm staying right here. Allie's behind me. With my Hitachi." I'd noticed that the buzzing had grown louder.
Allie's head popped over Mel's shoulder. "And guess where I'm putting it?"
The buzzing became muted, and Mel's eyes closed. I could guess where the Hitachi was. Suddenly it didn't seem so unsexy after all. Perhaps a personal massager was more exciting in the hands of a professional.
I forced my attention back to my report. Mel gave a soft moan. I cross-referenced a file. Allie kissed Mel's neck. I quoted secondary legislation. Mel's body moved forward slightly, revealing her boob round the doorframe. I adjusted myself and kept working.
The ladies were whispering. Allie's fingers appeared, stroking Mel's boob. The nipple responded to her touch, and she pinched it, pulled it out. Mel gasped -- not for my benefit this time, I could tell. My cock twitched.
Gritting my teeth I kept my eyes on the screen. Just the conclusion and recommendations to go.
Allie's hand slid off Mel's boobs, vanishing from sight as it glided down. From the corner of my eye I saw her elbow moving rhythmically, and I tried not to picture what her fingers were doing.
Instead I turned my attention back to my own fingers. I finished typing and grabbed the headset again. With one last regretful glance at Mel, I returned to the start of the report and switched on the text-to-speech function.
It was difficult to keep my eyes on the screen, following the grey highlight as it jumped from word to word.
It was a good report, and I only needed to correct a typo here and there. I copied key sentences into another document as I went, and when I was done I pieced them together into an executive summary.
Now I allowed myself a glance up from the screen. Mel's eyes were closed, her lips were parted. The soft humming of the sex toy continued, subtle variations in its pitch telling me that Allie was moving it back and forth. Her other hand was still working away between Mel's legs.
I felt a drop of precum drool out from my cock. Reluctantly, but eagerly as well, I turned back to my screen and created a message to the Board's Secretary.Dear Mr Fletcher, attached is the report on the Finley matter that Legal asked I send to you. Let me know if the Board has any questions or comments.I copied Legal and Linda in too.
Without waiting for a reply, I tore off the headset and closed my laptop. This time when I rose, I managed to avoid bashing my cock into the table. As an afterthought, I put my phone on silent. It was after office hours, anyway.
Mel's eyes opened as I approached. "Done?" The question in her eyes was genuine.
I grinned. "Done. Am I still in time to join you?"
Allie kissed Mel's neck again. "You'd better hurry. Mel's about to explode."
They both grabbed my hands and drew me to the bedroom. I got an eyeful of Allie's naked body -- full tits and arse, separated by a surprisingly tiny waist. Her nipples were large and pink, except where the clamps had turned then red. I'd tried the clamps once, and it was an uncomfortable experience, but Mel liked them sometimes. Apparently Allie was enjoying them too.
Her arms and legs were muscled, presumably from massaging and standing all day. It combined with her very feminine figure in an oddly exciting way. More exciting even than seeing the neatly trimmed triangle of dark hair below her stomach.
In the bedroom the girls threw themselves onto the bed, the Hitachi tossed aside. Allie's clothes were folded neatly over the back of the chair, uniform underneath and sensible beige knickers and bra on top.
I expected the sex to begin right away. There had been plenty of time to get us all hot and bothered, after all. Mel had other ideas, though. "Strip for us!" she instructed.
I gave an exaggerated groan. "Really?"
"Yes, really. You've made us wait all this time, and now you want to rush?"
In fact I didn't mind. I didn't have Mel's exhibitionist streak, but I enjoyed putting on a show for her every so often.
So I kicked off my shoes and began to gyrate to silent music. My sweater was the first to go, pulled slowly up over my chest. I'd joined Mel on her runs lately, and I knew I was in pretty good shape. The ladies greeted the sight of my naked torso with whistles and applause.
I tossed the sweater aside and ran my hands down my chest and stomach to my belt. "You want to see more?"
"Yes!" called Mel. She was sitting forward on the edge of the bed, eyes shiny. Allie had her arm around her and was playing with her boob.
Slowly, still grinding my hips, I unbuckled my belt. Letting it hang loose, I unbuttoned my trousers, then slowly lowered the flies. My cock was still throbbing in my shorts.
I pulled my trousers open to reveal the material underneath. Blue, with a Moomin pattern. "More!" called Allie with a laugh.
Instead, I turned to stand with my back to them. Hooking my thumbs into the waistband, I lowered my trousers inch by inch until they were around my knees.
Then I kicked them off, together with my socks, and turned round again. My cock was tenting my shorts. A wet patch had formed where my precum had oozed out.
I went to stand before the ladies. "Is this what you want?"
Mel's eyes were focused on the bulge in my shorts. One hand came up slowly and pulled away the material. My shaft bounced back. She grinned and kissed my head. "I want you." Suddenly she rose. "But first I want you to eat me."
My balls were aching, but this was one task I was happy to complete first. I fixed my shorts and lowered myself to my knees. Grasping Mel's hips, I brought my face to her pussy and inhaled. Beneath the rosemary, her scent was as intoxicating as ever.
I pulled her towards me and ran my tongue along her lips. They parted at the lightest touch, arousal coating my chin. Her tart sweetness ran into my mouth and sent a shiver down my spine.I still can't believe that this gorgeous, sexy woman is mine!
I became aware of movement, then strong fingers closed over mine on Mel's thighs. Mel gave a grunt and shifted her hips back. Allie was behind her, exploring her crack with her tongue.
My lips found Mel's button, and I sucked it into my mouth. She gasped and her hips came forward again as I teased with my tongue. She had one hand in my hair, fingers clenching and unclenching.
I sensed more than heard a soft chuckle from Allie. I realised she had her tongue in Mel's arse. In and out she probed, bringing more moans from Mel and drawing the angle of her hips back towards her.
My lips let go of Mel's button and I focused my attention on her slit. My tongue found her entrance and teased it. My chin was touching Allie's, and we matched our rhythms together, in and out, in and out.
Then I decided it was my turn again. My lips returned to Mel's clit. It was hard, swollen, easy to suck into my mouth and flick with my tongue. Mel's breath was ragged, her legs were trembling beneath my fingers. She was getting close.
Allie seemed to notice it too. The rhythm we'd found before continued, picking up pace and intensity, directed by Mel's shivers and soft cries.
Then her body tensed and her cry became a breathless gasp. Allie and I continued our onslaught, holding tight so that Mel couldn't escape. A spasm ran through her body, then another. "Yes... yesss..." she wailed, "ssstop... yesss..."
Her clit in my mouth became soft again, and I lessened the pressure of my tongue, guiding her gently back down to earth. Behind Mel I sensed Allie doing the same. Mel's fingers were still clutched tight in my hair, and her weight began to press down on my head.
Carefully I rose, running my arms up her sides to support her as she collapsed against me. Her face was wet with sweat that plastered her dark curls to her forehead and the sides of her neck. Her eyes were closed, her breathing was heavy, hot against my neck as she leaned her head on my shoulder.
Allie rose too, and pressed her naked body against Mel's back. Her hands rubbed her shoulders. "That was fun."
I grinned at her past Mel.
Mel lifted her head a fraction. "You two are evil. That was..." She trailed off with a deep sigh.
A twitch from my cock reminded me that it wanted attention. More precum had oozed out, leaking through the material of my shorts to leave a wet snail trail across Mel's stomach.
She felt it too. "Someone wants attention down there," she murmured in my ear.
"I think we all want attention." I met Allie's eye and grinned again. "You're the only one who's been getting it, though."
Part of me wondered how Mel wanted to proceed with Allie. We'd never had a threesome, never talked about bringing someone else in.Was she only groping Allie to tease me?I wondered.Or is she going to take it further?
"We ought to do something about that then." She pushed herself off me and turned to face Allie. "What do you think?" She kissed her friend on the mouth, slowly at first, then faster, passionately.
My cock was pressed into Mel's crack. I was slightly disappointed that her attention wasn't on me, but I was very interested to see where this was going.
I found out soon enough. Mel pushed Allie onto the bed. Allie gave a small laugh as she fell and bounced. The motion sent the clamps on her nipples flying off, leaving red marks against the paler pink.
Mel leaned forward and kissed them in turn. Her arse was pointed in my direction, her crack still gleaming from where Allie had been licking. Below, her lips peeped out between her dark curls.
Mel moved her head lower across Allie's stomach until she was bent nearly double. A few awkward giggles, then Allie scooted up the bed and Mel kneeled down between her legs. Her arse was still in the air, right before my cock.
Deciding I'd waited long enough, I tore off my shorts and guided my head towards her lips, up and down, pressing harder and harder. She bucked back against me, head thrown back. I paused at her entrance and let my cock ease itself forward. She gasped, and I stopped with my head just inside her while she adjusted to its presence.
In short, jerky movements she rocked back and forth on her knees, pressing herself a little further onto my shaft each time. Her heat enveloped me as I watched my cock vanish inside her.
When I was all the way in she stopped and looked over her shoulder at me. She wore that mischievous smile that told me she was in full control. "Go slow," she whispered. "Don't distract me from my first taste of pussy. Just watch."
I could have exploded inside her there and then. By some miracle I didn't, although my cock gave a twitch that made her gasp.
She rested her hands on the bed and lowered her face towards Allie's pussy. Allie's eyes were on her face, and I knew Mel was gazing back, gauging her reaction. Then Allie's head went back, her eyes closed, her lips parted and she gave a gasp. "Right there," she whispered. Her hands came up to hold Mel's head.
I tried to keep still, only moving in and out gently, while Mel's face pressed forward between Allie's legs. I could see her jaws working, and Allie's body responded. She twisted on the bed, her legs moving, her fingers twining in Mel's tight dark curls.
I kept my hands on Mel's hips, holding her close against me. If she moved her body too much, I knew, I'd lose control and start pounding away. As long as we kept still, I could keep a grip on myself and enjoy the sight before me.
Allie's breath was rasping in her throat. Her hands came up to her breasts, where the red marks from the clamps were still visible. She pinched her nipples between thumb and forefinger, pulling them out, rubbing them, then squeezing her boobs.
A red flush spread from her neck to her chest and a shiver ran through her. Her breath became a series of rapid gasps.
Mel gave a muffled chuckle and seemed to double her efforts. Her hips bucked back against mine, and I started to move in and out of her. The tingle in my balls that heralded my climax was almost immediate.
Suddenly Allie gave a wail. Her body twisted sideways on the bed, first one way, then the other. Mel's fingers grasped at her hips, holding on tight as she tried to follow Allie's movements with her mouth.
It was enough to push me over the edge. My orgasm swept through me like a sudden flood, exploding in an instant from that first tingle into a wave of white fire. My head swelled up inside Mel and I thrust deep inside her and released.
Another wave shot through me, and another, and then I was twitching and shivering, my knees wobbling, and I saw that Allie had rolled over onto her side and Mel's face was pressed into the mattress as my climax came to an end.
I let myself fall onto the bed as well, careful not to dislodge my cock from the warmth of Mel's pussy. She pressed her back against my chest, and we lay together, trying to catch our breath.
Mel turned her face towards mine, and I leaned forward to kiss her. Her chin was glistening, and I tasted Allie's pussy on her lips, her tongue. The thought was enough to make my cock swell up again, drawing a gasp of protest from Mel.
So instead of thrusting away, I put my arm around her and pulled her close. On her other side, Allie had rolled over to look at us. Mel reached out and drew her near.
We lay there, all three of us taking in deep breaths. My cock gradually subsided, but not without letting me know that it was eager to continue at a moment's notice.
I tried to speak, and realised that my throat was dry. So I pushed myself upright and let my cock slide out of Mel. "I need a drink."
Mel looked up as I rose from the bed. "There's wine in the fridge. Bring the bottle."
Allie nodded. "Wine sounds good. And I'm too comfortable to move from here."
Mel giggled, and they put their heads together and kissed.
Realising with a thrill that the afternoon wasn't over, I hurried to the kitchen. The bottle was in the fridge, as promised, and I grabbed three glasses from the cupboard.
On my way back to the bedroom my eye fell on my laptop and phone, and I remembered my message to the Board.
For a moment I hesitated, then decided I'd better check whether I'd got a reply. Tucking the bottle under my arm, and ignoring its cold wetness against my naked skin, I picked up my phone.
Several new messages. One was from Linda, a tirade about going behind my back and a warning that she wanted to speak to me tomorrow. I scrolled down through the rest until one caught my eye. "Huh!"
I made my way to the bedroom, reading as I went. It was short and to the point.
Mel looked up as I entered. Seeing that I had my attention on my phone she rose and took the bottle and glasses. "What's up?"
"I just got a message from the COO. 'Great work on the Finley report. I like your concise style of writing.' She wants to talk about that promotion." I grinned at Mel. "I guess I do my best work when I'm watching you."