I have been in love with physics since my first exposure to it, it is my religion, it is my life. I love believing that each and every interaction can, on some level, be explained by a mathematical formula, even if that formula needs a little bit of statistical uncertainty for lubrication.
It was my second year of grad school, and, as much as I loved my school work, all work and no play makes Jack a dull boy, so I also have my distractions. This particular day, the day that would start me on a path which would eventually shatter my world view and shake the rest of my beliefs to the core, this particular day, I was lounging on the couch, watching an Ancient Aliens marathon on the history channel.
A bug eyed dude with crazy hair was suggesting that the similarities in all the world's religions may have been the result of visitations from an alien race in our distant past. Of course that's at once absurd and then strangely plausible as the circumstantial evidence is laid out.
My buddy, fellow grad student and physics explorer, Jenny, was spending this lazy Sunday with me, indulging her own methods of distraction. As she lit up another joint, I asked, "What do you think? Are they out there?"
"Of course, how could they not be?" was her immediate reply. "I had a dream about an alien climbing into bed with me one night. He was green and all wet and slimy, covered in mucus, and he had seven tentacles that were long and thick as cucumber," she said as she squeezed her thighs together and squirmed moving her legs back and forth against each other.
Jenny always got a little horny when she smoked weed and I could tell she was getting pretty high as she put her hands between her legs and squeezed with her thighs rubbing the crotch of her jean shorts.
"Wait a minute!" I said. "You are telling me you had a dream in which you let a slime covered alien penetrate you with his tentacles?"
"He immobilized me with mind control! I couldn't fight back!" Jenny exclaimed as we both broke out into hysterical laughter.
We laughed about that just a little longer than it deserved. I don't know if it was because I was getting a second hand buzz or whether it was because of the sexual tension in the room. Jenny is smokin' hot. Well, at least in a nerdy girl kind of way.
She has long dark hair that falls in loose curls when she lets it down from her default pony tail and she wears some nerdy black glasses that betray her intelligent side. The glasses are an interesting counterpoint to her amazing boobs.
They aren't so big that she has a hard time hiding them underneath a sweatshirt but in the spring, when T-shirts come out, there are some days when I have a hard time looking at anything else. Jenny has a habit of wearing what's comfortable and that sometimes means low cut and tight. The cleavage at her neckline and the perfect curves her breasts make as they resist the pull of gravity are like magnets for my eyes.
Today was the first warm day of spring and not only had the T-shirts come out but Jenny had on some cut off jean shorts that made her legs look like they were a mile long. These shorts must have been her favorite pair because they were nicely worn in and a little frayed. The low rise of the waistline stopped just below the place where her slender waist gave way to the curve around her taught hips.
As hot as she was, I had never managed to get her attention, at least not in that way. We have known each other since we were kids so I guess I'm just part of the day to day scenery to her at this point, particularly since we've been room mates in this apartment for the last two semesters.
Money is tight when you are a grad student, even with the lab assistant position. Since we have been friends for so long, it only made sense to split living expenses. Moving in together sounded like a great idea at first and I thought it might lead to some opportunities.
Reality is never the same as fantasy though, and our living arrangement turned into more of a living hell for me than a Shangri-La. Jenny looks innocent but she is a bit of a slut. Don't get me wrong, I love slutty girls. The sluttier the better as far as I'm concerned. It makes me feel like I might have a chance, normally.
In this case, though, Jenny was out of my reach. It's not that I'm a bad looking guy. I eat right and even run sometimes when I'm thinking over particularly complex ideas. The physical exertion and rhythm helps me relax and focus my thoughts. The problem is, Jenny just doesn't see me as boyfriend material. I'm her study partner and hang out buddy.
The worst part was that now, I had to see the losers Jenny chose to bring home with her. For example, there was that cretin, Jim, from the wrestling team. They met at a party and had apparently had a lively discussion about whether the WWF was a real wrestling federation and how fake, or not, the wrestling was.
Apparently, there was an offer to show some wrestling moves if there were only a soft surface available. Why Jenny offered her bed is beyond me. Maybe it was because he worked out a lot and he had a ripped six pack.
I was sitting on this very couch as they walked through the door making a bee-line for Jenny's room. The only greeting I got was when he demeaningly said,"Hey Sport," and they disappeared behind her door.
The sounds she made that night were intoxicating. I watch my fair share of porn but to hear someone you know, in the flesh, just on the other side of the wall, is different. I could tell she was having some very pleasurable sensations but her moans were, at the same time, sounding like she was so frustrated. Like she wanted to trip the circuit but just couldn't quite get it to blow.
I know the feeling. I rubbed myself raw that night out of desperation. I know, I know, creepy invasion of privacy getting off on her sexual encounter but she shouldn't have been so loud if she didn't want me listening. It's not like she didn't give me shit the morning after her best friend Beth and I hooked up. I know she had listened in when Beth and I blew off some steam after finals.
Sitting on the couch with her looking like she did had me just about to make another feeble attempt to get in her pants. I was about to paw at her sexy bare leg as she stretched out on the couch when Jenny yelled.
"Look!... Isn't that Professor Bailey?" as she pointed excitedly at the TV.
Sure enough, on the screen was a picture of Dr. Bailey. He looked younger but there was no mistaking his intensity. The episode playing was all about an academic expedition to Peru. A research team was sent to the Inca ruins at Machu Picchu to help decipher some carvings and try to understand how the stones of the rock wall masonry there had been cut so precisely with the ancient tools available at the time of its construction.
The episode was very interesting and included a legend about a supposed "star gate" carved in the rock near lake Titicaca. What a name! The legend was that an ancient Inca priest possessed a key that would open the portal of the gods.
The episode went on to say that the research team had been run off the site under suspicion of unauthorized removal of artifacts. The allegations were never proven but the lead researcher had been under investigation ever since.
Dr. Bailey must have been part of the research team when he was a graduate student in archaeology. Now, he taught intro to world history to auditoriums of bored undergrads but, years before, he was obviously part of this expedition to Peru and possibly wrapped up in the scandal. Maybe that was how he ended up here teaching such a low level class.
Jenny looked at me with a positively devious smile and said, "Let's break into Dr. Bailey's office and find out what he had to do with that research trip!"
"Are you fucking insane! How strong is that stuff you're smoking?"
Jenny looked at me with pleading eyes and said,"I'm sooo bored right now. You know the archaeology department shares space in the physics building and Dr Bailey's office is just down the hall from the physics lab! Don't you have a key or something since you work as a lab assistant?"
It was even easier than Jenny knew because that building and the labs were only locked at the outside door and lots of people had a key card. Students and staff both kept late hours on projects and security was basically non-existent past that automated door. Still, we could be caught by some random person in an area that we really had no business poking around in.
Jenny saw the wheels turning in my head and added, "Don't worry, if old man Bailey catches us. I'll just offer to suck his cock and all will be forgiven"
Of course, I had already decided I was in. Any excuse to sneak around in the dark with Jenny would easily over rule all the logical thoughts I might have urging more caution.
Being after eight on the Sunday evening before spring break, the campus was eerily deserted. We easily gained entrance to the building and walked down the stairs to the basement and into the darkened corridor. Most of the lights were off but the glow from the florescent fixture in the stairwell gave enough light to make our way.
Jenny was glued to my side as we crept down the hall. I was trying to act cool but my head was exploding with fireworks as her breast pressed against my arm. I let my arm hang down to my side and gently placed my hand on her exposed thigh as we walked further pressing our bodies together and against the wall.
There was an intoxicating mix of adrenaline and hormones coursing through my veins. The fear of being discovered had my senses on full gain and Jenny's proximity gave those senses a fine source of stimulation.
The office door had a large rippled glass pane with, "Dr. Bailey, Archaeology" painted in block letters. I tried the knob to the wooden door. It was unlocked and opened with a creaking groan.
Inside, the light from a computer monitor illuminated the room with a faint glow. It looked a lot like you would expect a profs office to look. There was a large wooden desk surrounded by bookshelves. I wondered out loud, "What are we even looking for?"
Jenny tip toed into the room even though there was nobody around but me. She whispered, "I don't know but look at all those pictures and objects on the shelves. They all look Central American to me. There has to be a connection."
One of the frames on the wall held a newspaper article. Jenny read and paraphrased for me, "This article is about the expedition! It seems that the leader of the expedition, a prominent scientist, did take an artifact but that the university had arranged with the Peruvian government for it to be removed and brought back."
The article goes on to say that this scientist believed that the artifact was the, Key of Aramu Muru. Although he spent years trying to prove that this artifact predated the Incan empire and was in fact related to the legend of the gate of the God's, he was never able to produce irrefutable evidence.
Jenny then gasped,"His career took a nose dive after this failure but his protege, Milton Bailey, continues to research the mysterious artifact."
"I knew it!" Jenny exclaimed.
"Congratulations Inspector Gadget," I taunted, "Now let's get out of here before you get me in real trouble."
We turned to leave, but as we were headed for the door, Jenny noticed a case that she hadn't seen on the way in. It was almost hidden behind the door but when we turned back toward the exit we could see a three foot tall display case.
The top and some of the sides of the case was glass and the lower half had several shallow drawers. In the top glass partition there was a stone object resting on a stand. The object had an unusual shape to it and a weathered grey granite exterior.
The shape of the object was mostly flat and round, a little smaller in diameter than a dinner plate but about an inch thick. It also had a prominent feature on top and bottom, a raised ridge that looked like a cucumber that had been sliced in half lengthwise with half the cucumber glued to the top of the plate and the other half directly below.
There was a small plaque on the case that read, "Machu Picchu - 1987"
Jenny's face lit up like she had just found gold, "Do you think this is the artifact?" She tore into the drawers and started riffling through the documents she found. There were pictures of the expedition, page after page of notes, and strangely, something that looked like an x-Ray negative.
She found lots of pictures included images of the younger Dr. Bailey and one even showed him standing by the same discredited scientist, both of them holding the object that now rested before us in the case. Jenny was scouring the pictures for clues but my interest was drawn to the strange x-Ray.
"Jenny, look at this," I said as I traced the outline on the x-ray, "It's the object, but there seems to be internal structure." I couldn't believe my eyes but the x-ray clearly showed what looked like intricately formed internal patterns in solid carved rock.
"What's even more startling is, I think I recognize these patterns!" I said. "Have you ever heard of a scientist named Nikola Tesla?"
"Is he that mad scientist that fought with Edison and claimed he heard transmissions from Mars?" Jenny asked.
The pattern in the x-Ray clearly showed a helical coil that must have taken up most of the strange cylindrical ridge protruding from the top and bottom of the plate. At each end of the coil was a more substantial donut shaped terminal.
The x-ray also showed what looked like thin alternating layers in the plate section and pathways throughout the object that looked a lot like the printed circuits you would find in any modern piece of electronics.
I knew what it was from my fringe physics research, "There is some type of Tesla coil embedded in this rock!" The words barely squeezed through my tightened throat.
Jenny scowled at me in disbelief. "What?...Who?...Why?" Jenny stammered.
"I don't know but I think I can find out," I said. "Tesla theorized that it could be possible to transmit power without wires. He wanted to set up transmitting stations around the globe to send out energy through the air by electromagnetic transmission. He wanted to send out power, wirelessly, similar to what we do now with thick copper power lines."
I believe the coil inside this artifact is a receiving device for transmitted power. All I have to do is set up a Tesla transmitter with the right frequency and the artifact should be able to power up.
"Can you do that?" Jenny asked.
"Watch me!" I said.
I have been making Tesla coils since I was a kid in the garage. It was a pretty simple matter for me to throw some components together in the physics lab. The only problem was choosing the right frequency. For this to work, I had to know the resonant frequency of the coil and terminal arrangement in the artifact.
Jenny was no slouch when it came to physics. She grabbed the artifact, made a few measurements with a nearby caliper, and compared these to the x-Ray. Jenny was much better with theoretical math than me and it wasn't long before she blurted out, "97.2 Megahertz.
That should get us close enough."
The transmitter required one component that wasn't already laying around but to get a transmission frequency that matched, we had to wind our own secondary coil anyway. It was fun to get hands on with Jenny, even if my hands were wrapping wire on a hollow core and not touching Jenny's body.
We finished the transmitter in less than an hour and all that was left was to turn it on. Jenny placed the artifact on the workbench next to the small Tesla transmitter we had built and I started to turn the dial on the power supply.
We felt like a couple of mad scientists as the power supply came to life with blinking lights and the needle on the output meter rose. Slowly, a low hum grew louder in the transmitter as more and more power was projected toward the artifact.
At first, nothing happened. We checked the connections from the power supply to the transmitter and I started to consider how to check the transmitting frequency when we heard first one quick crack and then another snap.
When we looked at the artifact, each end of the protruding ridge had separated from the body by a small fraction of an inch. In the gap that was revealed, we could see a faint blue glow. It pulsed very slowly, first on one end and a moment later on the other end. The effect was that there appeared to be some sort of signal traveling forward and then back between each end.
We watched in amazement as the glow continued to get ever so slightly brighter and the period between pulses started to get noticeably shorter. We must have watched for five minutes or more before Jenny said,"What do you think it's doing?"
"I have no idea but it seems to be gaining strength. Maybe we should watch it for a little while longer."
Jenny looked at me a little annoyed and asked,"How long do you think it will take?"
"Just a rough estimate but, judging from the way the pauses are getting shorter, I would guess we should see something more in fifteen minutes."
Jenny looked at me as she bit her lip and swayed back and forth for a minute. She finally said, "You want to play truth or dare while we wait?"
It was a childish suggestion but I hoped it indicated that Jenny wasn't quite as cold toward me as I thought. My mind and libido silently screamed, "Yes!" I turned to her and asked, "Aren't you afraid I will just dare you to take off your T-shirt and show me your tits?"
Jenny said, "Like this?" and quickly pulled the bottom of her T-shirt up over her head. She wasn't wearing a bra and her breasts bounced breathtakingly as she dropped her shirt on the workbench.
I'm sure my jaw dropped obscenely and my mind went into overload. I blurted out, "Jenny! What if someone comes in!"
She reached across the workbench to grab her T-shirt as she said, "Do you want to me to put it back on?"
I was momentarily hypnotized by the sway of her breasts as she leaned over the bench but I quickly recovered and said, "No, no, please don't put it back on!" It was pretty unlikely anyone would walk in on us at this hour of the night anyway.
She seemed amused at the desperation in my voice as I pleaded with her to leave her shirt off. Jenny looked at me and said, "OK then, take yours off too."
Of course I had no problem with that. As I jerked off my shirt, I started the game proper, "Truth or Dare?"
"Truth this time," Jenny said with a smirk.
"What was Jim doing to you to make you squeal with joy like that?"
Jenny looked at me confused for a minute and then said, "You mean Jim the wrestler? You were listening?" Jenny blushed for a minute before she continued, "That dweeb was so drunk he barely got it in me before he blew his load, rolled over, and went to sleep! What an Asshole. I had to break out the magic wand and take care of business myself."
This time it was my turn to look confused, "Magic wand?"
"Vibrator," Jenny scoffed.
So how about you and Beth?" Jenny shot back.
"Beth is sweet and she has huge tits but she just wasn't doing it for me. I couldn't seem to cum even with her riding me like a bucking bronco."
"Bullshit! I heard you two maniacs through the wall too!" Jenny retorted.
"Well, after a minute with Beth, I started fantasizing about you in your bed, just on the other side of the wall. I wondered if you were jacking off as hard as I did when you were with Jim. The thought of you stroking your pussy is what got me off."
All this talk seemed to give Jenny an idea because she suddenly blurted out,"Truth or Dare?"
"It's not your turn!" I protested. I just told you about me and Beth.
"But I didn't say you could go for truth," Jenny quipped.
"OK, we will both do dare this time but I get to dare you first. Take off those shorts."
Jenny looked embarrassed and admitted, "But I'm not wearing any panties."
"All the better then, off with them." I said with a grin.
Jenny turned around facing away from me and took two steps away from the workbench. I had to lean a bit to see across the top of the bench but as I did, Jenny unbuttoned the waist of her jeans and pulled the zipper down. She hooked her thumbs into the top of her shorts and bent at the waist as she pulled them down her legs.
I never knew Jenny was so flexible but she could have made any dancer jealous with the graceful bend she performed. Her ass is amazing. I held my breath as she struggled just a bit to get those tight shorts over her taught curves. If I had been closer to her, I don't think I could have resisted the urge to give her an open hand spank and then gently rub her irresistibly cute butt.
Jenny stood up and turned toward me as she slung her shorts over her shoulder like you would casually carry a jacket. She sauntered over and dropped the shorts in a pile on the table with her T-shirt. As she motioned to her naked body she asked coyly, "Is this what you wanted?"
All I could do was nod approvingly.
"Now, it's your turn to give me what I want. I want you to show me what you were doing while Jim and I were fucking in the next room."
"You mean, you want to see me stroke my cock?" I questioned.
Jenny just put the tip of her finger to her lip and glanced down at the fly of my jeans and smiled.
To be honest, my cock was aching to be freed from my jeans and I am a bit of an exhibitionist anyway. I was actually thanking my lucky stars and hoping this was only the beginning of our fun and games. I unbuttoned my fly and dropped my jeans to the floor.
Since Jenny was already naked, I went ahead and got rid of my boxers as well. As soon as my cock was free of the waist band it sprang to attention. I was really happy to see a devious smile cross her face and I could have sworn she licked her lips ever so slightly.
I wrapped my hand around my stiff shaft and slowly stroked the length of my cock. When she leaned over the workbench so she could see better, it was clear she wanted more. I started to thrust with my hips and get into it a bit.
Just when I was getting a rhythm and closed my eyes for a second I heard a crash. Jenny jumped back and screamed with fear. My eyes snapped open and, out of the corner of my vision, I saw a flash of light speeding toward my crotch. Instinctively, I bent over and threw my hands out as a shield but it all happened too fast.
The first sensation was a warm, almost wet feeling surrounding my shaft. It was strangely reminiscent sensation of penetration. Then there was a thud against my lap where the artifact was caught like a fastball in a catchers mitt.
As I yelled out, "What the fuck!" I looked down not knowing exactly what to expect. What I saw filled me with terror. The artifact had completely opened on one end of the ridge leaving a glowing hole and then somehow, it flew off the workbench and engulfed my dick. Now it was attached to my cock like some kind of perverted remora sucker fish.
Jenny screamed out, "Don't just stand there! Get it off!"
"Ya think?" Is all I could say as I grabbed the stone plate and pulled. It was attached very well. I danced around the room pulling on this rock attached to my rigid shaft until I thought I was in danger of ripping my skin. I stopped short of injuring myself and then just stood there a minute dumbfounded.
The sensations on my cock were not entirely unpleasant. I had been curious once about what a fleshlight masturbation sleeve would feel like and so I tried one out. This was remarkably similar and might have even been a good experience if it weren't for the terror I was feeling at the prospect of never getting my dick out of this thing.
We both took a couple of deep breaths and tried to get our wits back. Jenny said, with a trembling voice, "Bring it over here to this low rolling tool box and put it on top."
I was desperate for any ideas at this point so I did what she asked and dropped my stone sheathed cock on the metal work surface. Before I could realize what she had planned, Jenny grabbed a large hammer from the drawer on the tool box. I was frozen in horror as she quickly lifted the hammer over her head and brought it barreling down toward my cock!
I screamed like a little girl as the hammer pounded against the rock artifact, threatening to crush my shaft if the artifact crumbled under the blow. Thankfully, or maybe not, the hammer just glanced off the rock throwing a shower of sparks onto the tool box.
I was barely recovered from the hammer trauma when Jenny reached down and grabbed a huge power circular saw from the lower shelf and started toward me. "STOP! NO!" I shrieked as my voice cracked worse than a pubescent young boy.
Jenny looked half crazed but she did drop the saw. I don't think she noticed as the other end of the artifact opened up and a segmented mechanical tail extended out about a foot long. It was writhing around like a sea creature out of water. This new development made the thing attached to my cock look like some giant mutant robotic sperm.
I could see the fire in Jenny's eyes as she lunged at me, grabbing the plate like portion of the object and digging in her heels, preparing for a monumental tug of war. I watched, unable to find my voice, as the tail of the giant sperm slithered toward the inside of Jenny's thigh.
The tail continued inching up until it reached the top of the gap between her legs. I saw the tip separate her slick lips and slide toward her opening. As the rest of the tail disappeared into her vagina I could hear her lubricating fluids Being forced out.
Jenny screamed, "OH FUCK!" It was more than just a scream though. The inflection of that one utterance expressed several intense emotions. Extreme fear and terror for sure, but also unexpected pleasure.
At the same time that Jenny was communicating all of this emotion I felt the sensations on my trapped cock change. I felt for a moment that I was slipping out of the tunnel that had been encapsulating me. I pulled away with my entire body and my cock started to slide out of the artifact.
To my shock and amazement, Jenny suddenly screamed again. This time she screamed, "Nooo! Don't pull out!" She grabbed my shoulders, pulling herself almost on top of me and impaling me once again into the stone.
As my cock slipped back inside the stone tunnel, Jenny leaned back and spread her legs wide. She held my shoulders while thrusting her pussy onto the thick tail of the artifact.
I felt the most wonderful sensation on my cock. I could almost feel the penetration Jenny was feeling. Somehow, this artifact was transferring the sensation of the penetration to my still rigid dick.
It felt incredible. I struggled to resist but I couldn't help but move my hips and stroke in and out a couple of times. Each stroke I put into the artifact elicited an animalistic moan from Jenny, filled with one part pure desire and another part disgust and frustration.
From her grip on my shoulders and her pelvic thrusting, I could tell Jenny didn't really want the sensations to end but we tried to resist these intensely erotic physical sensations. My mind was screaming, "No!" But my body refused to stop thrusting and end the purely sensual pleasurable stimulation.
We both realized that resistance was futile and we couldn't stop so we gave in to the lust. Our animal instincts rushed in like a flood over a collapsing dam. We thrust in and out as if our sexual souls depended on it.
Soon after we submitted to our fate, there was a change in the artifact. A vibration, low and slow at first, ramping up to a very high frequency. The rock on the external surface of the artifact pulverized into dust and we could see a shiny metal surface underneath.
It looked like something between a mirror and polished gold. Several traces of a transparent dark obsidian material made designs all over the object and a red light was glowing from the inside of the artifact through all the obsidian tracings.
The red light pulsed every time we thrust against each other and with each pulse of light, the vibration intensified and then relaxed. Our thrusting and grinding became more and more urgent. We increased our speed and the artifact pulsed even brighter, matching our rhythm and intensity.
We ramped up the point that we were throwing ourselves into each other with total abandon, chasing out of control lust. I don't know if the artifact was injecting this carnal rage into our system our if it was just pent up desire from Being denied each other's bodies for so long.
The sensation on my cock became overwhelming. It was so intensely erotic, I knew I would never be able to stop my impending orgasm. Jenny was in her own ecstasy. She closed her eyes and let out a long open mouthed scream that seemed to be released from the depth of her soul, "Aggghhh, I'm going to...I'm agghh, I'm cumming!"
Jenny threw her head back, digging her nails into my shoulders, holding on to the last shred of reality like talons. I could feel every muscle tighten until suddenly, her body shook with spasms and her orgasm took over.
Jenny writhed in ecstasy as her legs shook violently and she exhaled a primordial moan of pleasure. I could feel my balls tightening in response. Again I felt Jenny start to tense her muscles. The shaking was replaced by a growing rigidity in her body as her moan increased in pitch.
Jenny released another high pitched open mouth yell into the expanse as she reached an even higher climax. I wasn't sure how much more either of us could take. Jenny's spasming orgasm came faster and harder this time.
Finally, Jenny's eyes flew open, she took several staccato breaths and then held the last one until I thought she would pass out. I didn't dare stop pumping with my cock trying to force the very breath of life into her.
I felt myself rolling over the edge of a great cliff and then I exploded. I could feel my ass clenching as load after load of scalding jizz shot from the end of my cock. I couldn't stop ejaculating for what seemed like forever.
Jenny's face scared me as she contorted. Waves of physical nirvana washed over her. We reached a peek higher than I ever imagined possible. I could feel our intensity crest and for a moment we were weightless, timeless. Then we started to fall. It was like going over a huge hill on an amazing roller coaster and the free fall descent on the other side.
We both collapsed to the floor, spent and not willing to support our own weight. Surprisingly, the light emitting from the artifact, which had been a continuous bright red, now began to fade to a darker shade of green.
The artifact released my flaccid dick and retracted its tail, returning to its original disc shape. As Jenny and I lay there looking at the artifact between us, it levitated just inches off the floor and started a slow rotation like the turntable of a microwave oven
Jenny and I focused on breathing. I laid there, motionless, as I tried to re-establish the connection between my mind and body. The slowly rotating artifact was hypnotizing as I stared at it, not quite believing what just happened.
I'm not sure how many minutes had passed but I vaguely became aware of a small change in my perception of the size of the room. We watched as a single dark point rose out of the artifact. I've never seen something I would call a singularity but this point might qualify. It was different than anything I've ever perceived before. It had no thickness or length.
The point continued to rise until it was midway between the ceiling and the floor. It paused briefly but then appeared to elongate. A line was forming. Again unlike anything I've experienced. The anomaly now had dimension, I could almost perceive it as a slit in space. It still had no thickness but I knew it was there somehow.
The next thing I saw was a flat plane being pulled through the slit. The closest description I can give of what I saw was a flat photograph pulled through a vertical seam in reality. I could make out some faint details of what looked like a strange trapezoidal doorway.
The top half of the doorway was a step larger than the bottom half in an odd "T" shape. Inside the two dimensional doorway was a figure. It was vaguely human shaped but with what looked like wings filling the upper wider section of the doorway.
Finally, this two dimensional flat picture began to extrude. It gained thickness for several seconds until the doorway and the figure within took on correct proportion and occupied our three dimension space.
I felt overwhelmed to the point of not believing my senses. Everything took on a dreamlike quality as soon as the Being stepped out of the doorway. I could only see things through a slight haze and the Being was glowing with a golden aura. I'm sure I was in shock.
I remember Jenny saying dreamily, "I can see why they called them angels." The Being held out its hands and the artifact levitated higher, directly into the hands of the glowing winged Being. With a circular rub of the Being's hand on the artifact, Jenny and I felt our bodies lifted and rotated to orient our feet toward the floor.
Another hand gesture over the artifact and the three of us were now levitating just slightly off the floor and pressed against each other back to back, shoulder to shoulder. We were slowly revolving, as a group, around a vertical axis with respect to the room. As we rotated, I could feel our dimensions shrinking toward the central axis and our rate of rotation growing exponentially.
My perception changed and the room was no longer surrounding us. I could feel the spinning vortex and saw what seemed like points of light, electric mist, and color everywhere.
In this new environment, I felt like it was becoming more and more difficult to experience myself as a separate entity. My thoughts, emotions, and even physical space overlapped with Jenny and this ethereal Being.
There was a transfer of conscious thought between our minds and I started to understand that we were some kind of experimental test subjects. The artifact and the Being had travelled across time and dimensions in a way unknown to present day human kind.
I sensed a large number of other conscious minds. They needed us. Somehow, sexual reproduction had been abandoned for cloning but now there was a need to relearn for some reason. The dimensional traveler's thoughts smeared across my conscious in a palette of mixed color.
The Being understood that sex was not particularly complicated. In contrast, the Being also believed that watching the act performed could demonstrate nuances that were beyond a simple understanding of the motor skills.
I absorbed some of Jenny's thoughts and feelings too. What I sensed from her was less a formed thought than an emotional response. I felt like she was relieved somehow to be with me and that a long repressed urge was finally satiated. I was warmed by her feelings of safety with me by her side.
The perception of traveling slowed and the hazy visions I had been experiencing coalesced into a different reality. I found myself in a large circular room. There were short black walls forming concentric rings, bigger and bigger in diameter.
The three of us were at the center in the smallest ring. It was about fifteen feet across with white seamless floors and a smooth white rectangular box roughly 1 foot tall, three feet wide, and five feet long, laying on the floor with the longest dimension horizontal in the center of the circle.
Just behind the first wall were twelve more Beings. The Beings were vaguely humanoid in size and appearance but their eyes were a bit large giving them a surreal appearance. They were seated in a way that gave them a good view and I could just barely make out the tops of transparent screens which seemed like computer monitors of some sort.
These twelve were busy tapping away on the monitors. They would occasionally look at us, then back to their monitors, and even toward each other once in a while. There was no verbal communication and the scene was eerily quiet.
Behind the twelve was another circular wall. Behind this wall were quite a number of similar Beings seated slightly higher than the first twelve. They were wearing darker robes than the twelve and did not have computer monitors. These Beings seemed a little excited, as if they were there to witness some form of entertainment.
The rest of the cavernous room was too dark to make out clearly but I could tell there was row after row of elevated rings full of "spectators".
The glowing winged Being looked at us and said, "They would like for you to demonstrate your coupling again, this time without the DNA sampling device."
I was confused. "DNA sampling device?" I thought.
The Being answered aloud. "Yes, the artifact did you call it? It's purpose was to intercept your gametes for further study and to insure you both are genetically compatible with each other. Since you paired so well, the artifact activated a retrieval beacon which is why I showed up and brought you here."
"And you all just witnessed what happened in the lab?" I asked.
"Yes, it was very exciting. What a remarkable event. Please, re-create it here for us."
I was totally blown away. I looked at Jenny and she was frozen in disbelief. Even in my overwhelmed state, the idea of fucking Jenny's amazingly hot body in front of thousands of cheering horny aliens tickled a nerve in the back of my perverted reptile brain but I quickly responded.
"Look, I don't know what the hell is going on here but we aren't going to put on some kind of freak show! I couldn't perform right now even if I wanted." I lowered my head and looked at my flaccid penis and smiled sarcastically.
The twelve sprung into action. Three or four of them started gesturing to their control screens and not two seconds after that, a small hole opened in the floor in front of me and in front of Jenny. A jet of fine mist shot out of the floor straight at my nostrils.
The white rectangle in the middle of the room started to glow internally and Jenny seductively crawled on top of it. She laid down on her back with a big smile and got comfortable with her knees bent and her hands resting above her head.
My will faded away and all I could focus on was how alluring Jenny looked in the soft light of the white rectangular bed. I walked over to the end of the bed near her feet and Jenny spread her long beautiful legs. I gently crawled between them until my artificially rigid shaft pressed against her swollen lips. A mist of twinkling lights floated up from the surface of the rectangle and swirled in the air around us.
I felt a gush of moist lubrication between her hot pussy lips and for what seemed like the second time tonight, my cock slipped into her waiting pussy. It was a slow gentle penetration, very different from earlier in the night. We were very relaxed and almost sleepily warm in each other's arms.
I began a slow steady rhythm, thrusting into her incredibly delicious pussy. As I looked at her beautiful breasts and placed my hand over her chest, Jenny lifted her legs and pulled her knees up toward her head. Her pointed toes were stretching straight up to the sky as I continued to penetrate her.
The bed morphed into something less wide, more like a bench. It still completely supported Jenny but I was able to put my legs on either side and support my weight with my feet on the floor. This new position, with Jenny's legs hooked over my shoulders, allowed me to penetrate her deeper even still.
I became aware of a low pulsing sound. It seemed to pound in rhythm with my thrusts, boom, boom, boom. The host of alien Beings were somehow pounding on the floor in unison with our fucking, boom, boom, boom. Slowly the tempo increased and the thud of the impacts jarred me deep inside.
I was thrusting so deep in Jenny and she was as wide open to me as she could be. I held myself balls deep in her flesh as I let myself cum inside her and she squeezed me hard with the walls of her vagina as she came in response.
As I stood up again, I couldn't help noticing that the glowing winged Being had an impressive penis himself. Why I didn't notice it before, I really couldn't say. Jenny rolled over on the bed and pulled her arms and legs beneath her lithe body.
I knew that this Being was going to enter Jenny but somehow it was not at all upsetting. Jenny looked back at me and gave me a playful wink. It was erotic to see Jenny move her knees farther apart and arch her back so that her sexy curved ass was high in the air on display.
The glowing Being now said in a low mechanical voice, "Exploring alternate positions." He stepped up behind Jenny and mechanically pushed his cock deep in her pussy. She threw her head back and braced herself on her arms stretched in front of her.
The glowing Being learned quickly and his movements became much more fluid. He grabbed Jenny's hips and continued slapping his body into her as she fucked him with exaggerated ass movements. The scene in front of me felt like it was my own private porn performance but in reality we were still surrounded by thousands of our closest alien friends.
As I watched, emotionally detached but really turned on, several other porn inspired sex positions flashed through my imagination. I pictured Jenny on top of the Being riding his impressive cock. My vision blurred for a moment, I blinked to clear my eyes, and when I looked up, Jenny was in that very position.
Watching her tits bounce and seeing her undulate as she hopped up and down moaning inspired a bit of jealousy that it wasn't me she was riding. My vision blurred again and I was behind her now. She was still riding the glowing Being but now my cock was at her puckered ass hole. It was drenched with her juices from the night and as I pressed against her, the head of my shaft popped through her tight sphincter.
I slowly penetrated her, deeper and deeper, encouraged by her moans of delight. I could even feel the glowing Beings cock slipping in and out of her pussy through the thin wall separating her vagina from her ass.
I was reeling now and spinning in my head. The vertigo stopped just long enough for me to find I was no longer penetrating Jenny but now I was penetrating the glowing alien. I was in his ass while he fucked Jenny in missionary position.
I involuntarily thrust my hips back and forth with a deep confusion about what this meant for my sexual orientation. I thrust hard into the alien Being in anger and it made me feel like we both dematerialized for an instant. I had thrust right through his dematerialized body and my cock was now inside Jenny's pussy again but the alien's cock was in my ass now.
Another spinning blackout and I woke up again. This time I was laying on my back, Jenny riding me like a crazed cowgirl in a rodeo and the glowing Being was sitting on my face, only this time, he no longer had a cock. Jenny was playing with his, uh I mean, her...um their tits and I was licking their pussy.
I lost track of how many variations and changes blurred past but eventually, all I felt was darkness and a floating sensation. It felt like I was floating on a gently rolling sea during a moonless night.
There was nothing. I was a embedded in the great universal everything. I was at peace and satisfied beyond words.
As I floated there, I eventually felt a "disturbance in the force." It was like someone pulled the stopper in the bathtub, a sensation of rushing water, then falling to a hard landing against the cold linoleum tiles of the lab. I squinted as bright lights flashed in all directions.
I heard an alarm and sirens, I tried to open my eyes but it was like they had been closed for years and I was just seeing light again. What I could see as I struggled to focus was terrifying.
Jenny and I were both laying naked on the floor of the lab covered in a cold wet sticky fluid that pooped around us. She was coughing and disoriented. There were technicians in bio suits shouting as they tried to revive us both.
Quite a few other people had gathered around. Dr. Bailey was one of them. He looked both concerned and pissed. There were enough cops and suits to handle a full scale riot. They had us on rolling gurneys in an instant and as we burst through the door headed for a waiting ambulance the sun beamed down with an alarming intensity.
I passed out and hoped I was in good hands.
It was quite a while later when I finally woke up in the hospital room. The nurses assured me that Jenny was alright and nearby as they called for the doctor who arrived with one of the university suits in tow.
They explained how, after finding us in the lab and reviewing the security footage that it was clear when we went into the lab building that we were not acting rationally. They searched our apartment with the help of the police and found the pot Jenny had been smoking.
Apparently, her supplier was a pharmaceutical student who had been experimenting with a new hallucinogen. This dick wad had laced Jenny's pot with the stuff and we both ended up having, as the suit put it, "a delusional episode."
Jenny's dealer was arrested and the news feeds had a field day reporting on the two naked coeds found high on laced pot. Luckily, Jenny and I didn't suffer too bad in the aftermath. The university allowed us to stay enrolled if we promised to work off the damages and swear off any intoxicating substances.
Apart from getting a load of shit from my buddies, we seemed to be out of the woods so to speak. There were a few things that didn't add up, like how Jenny and I had such similar hallucinations and that there really was an artifact missing from Dr. Baileys office.
Jenny and I didn't want to risk anything more by asking too many questions or making waves. We decided it was best to just finish the last few months of our degree and try and salvage what sanity we had left.
The best thing to happen from all of it was that Jenny and I were now both inseparable and insatiable. We would both never look at sex the same way again and we shared an experience no one else could comprehend.
Just before the last day of our final class, Dr. Bailey asked us both to meet with him. He said he had a proposition for us both. When we got there, Dr. Bailey said that the university wanted to offer us both a research position working with him.
We were both shocked but interested. The research position would be working in the field, "recovering historic objects of interest." We asked, "Where would we even start looking for such items?"
Dr. Bailey said, "I was hoping you two would be able to tell me."
Jenny and I looked at each other in realization that the laced pot story had been a cover up all along and Dr. Bailey knew a lot more than he had led us to believe.
"Didn't they give you the next locations?" He said.
I searched my memory and tried to dredge up any information that hadn't quite bubbled up to the surface. My head started to pound and I put my hand to my temple. Dr. Bailey looked at me and said, "Sometimes the time dilation scrambles things."
Then he started to mumble in a low tone. It sounded like he was singing two different tones at the same time but I couldn't make out the language. Just as the sound started to seep deep into my brain, he clapped his hands. Silence. My headache was instantly gone. My recall was now crystal clear.
I said out loud, "A desert in the American South West."
Then Jenny said, "The Giza Plateau, Egypt."