Caroline was in paradise, or at least as close as she was ever likely to get in this lifetime. She sat under a large billowy canopy, made from an old silk parachute suspended from the live oak trees surrounding their campsite in the Texas Hill Country. Solar cafe lights criss-crossed the awning, giving a warm cocoon like atmosphere to their cozy evening. She glanced around the circle of camp chairs, filled with a kaleidoscope of hippies, and smiled.
Caroline had been coming to this music festival since birth. Her parents were artists in the truest sense of the word. Her mother was a dancer, stained glass maker, and gardener; her father was a musician, woodworker, and general tinkerer. They'd met hitchhiking along the New York Turnpike on their way to Woodstock. She really had no choice - she was born for this life. Folk music... music festivals... they were in her blood.
At thirty-four, she'd matured beyond expecting her own festival romance. Too many summers of disappointment.
Certainly there were the camp boys she grew up with, children of her parents' friends, each of whom had tried their hand at her. As the sole girl in the group, she fascinated them. Similarly, as the sole girl in the group, they fascinated her. But in her case, it was much in the way one was fascinated by the behavior of animals in a zoo. She never saw them as potential playmates in the game of romance.
And then, as she grew older, there were the occasional one-off flings.There was the night a tornado touched down mere miles from their tents. After cowering in the cement-blocked bathroom for hours next to a handsome (if slightly questionable) purveyor of organic mild-altering substances, she spent the evening in his arms in a hammock. But as anyone out there knows, hammocks do not lend themselves to much coordinated physical movements...
She did back track one night. Too many beers and too few orgasms led her to reconsider a man, once a boy, she had spent many summers with. He had Texas in his mouth and the Alamo in his actions, but as endearing as he was, she could sense his infatuation was more than hers. They'd gotten to third base in the back of his truck before she realized her mistake and fled to her own tent.
She'd grown a lot since then, emotionally and sexually. After years of disappointing and unfulfilling attempts at online dating, Caroline relocated to another big east coast city and found herself lonely and looking for companionship without complications. That's when she found the lifestyle. A friend had tipped her off to a different type of dating app, one where sexual desires and proclivities were first and foremost, and she was hooked.
It had been a year, and she was only just scraping the surface at exploring her desires.
And now, it was as if the festival was aware of this evolution inside her. Sitting directly across from her in the song circle was someone new. Someone tall, tattooed, and talented. Everything about him was long: his hair, his limbs, his fingers... The way they slid over his Dobro Resonator made her wonder what they would be like sliding over something - or someone - else. She wanted to find out.
His name was Rhett Anderson. He was a musician and writer from Austin, and a friend of a friend.
It was custom, after the acts at Main Stage wrapped up and folks had drifted back to their various camps, that impromptu concerts or song circles would spring up all over the festival grounds, often lingering into the wee hours of the morning. Musicians with their guitars, fiddles, banjos and more would roam around, join a campfire, trade songs and then move along. But he'd been here song after song after song. Not that she was complaining.
That is easily all it might have been, her watching him, had fate not intervened. Caroline didn't consider herself naturally forward when it came to men, even with her new found sexual confidence. She knew she would have been content to admire him from afar, but as the song circle drew to a close, the fire was banked for the evening, and campmates sought their tents, their mutual friend made a suggestion that Caroline jumped at.
A journey to Hedon Hill.
Hedon Hill was notorious after dark as a place where lovers and dreamers played in the shadows. Any and every type of vice could be found there. She'd never partaken of said vices and was curious if tonight was the night. To her disappointment (and to yours as well, I'm sure, dear reader), the rest of the evening stayed quite innocent. The four of them stayed there, playing music and swapping stories, until the sun peaked above the canyon wall. Slowly, with joy, music, and not just a little arousal fused to her bones, Caroline made her way back to her tent. Alone.
Thankfully, fate offered her another chance.
Over the next few days, life seemed to keep bringing them back together. She ran into him filling canteens from the fresh water spigot, shared a Texas Two Step to some raucous music at Main Stage, and even happened upon him at the shower house. He would also periodically just stop by their camp, take a seat, and spend an hour or two chatting with her and her campmates. It was during one of these sticky hot Texas afternoons that she mentioned she was making a quick trip into town for supplies.
"Would you mind if I tag along? I need to grab a few things myself."
"Of course!" She replied, excited for a chance to spend more time with him one-on-one, and in the day time no less!
As they drove into town, the road winding through the picturesque landscape, an easy silence settled between them. Caroline was eager to take advantage of her time alone with her mysterious musician, but she also found herself naturally nervous. She had a tendency toward awkward chatter, and she didn't want to scare him off.
After a moment, she finally spoke, her voice light. "So, Rhett, how did you end up at the festival this year?"
There. That was simple. Safe.
"A friend of mine mentioned it a few months back. Said it was something I shouldn't miss." Rhett replied, glancing over at her with a warm smile. "And you?"
"Oh, I've been coming here since I was a kid. It's like a second home to me. My parents were festival regulars." Caroline chuckled softly.
"Really? That's incredible. It must be nice to have such deep roots in a place like this."
"It is. I mean, it's changed over the years, but in a lot of ways, it still feels the same. There's a certain magic to it."
Rhett nodded in agreement. "I can see that. The atmosphere here is unlike anywhere else. It's been a while since I felt this... at ease."
"I know what you mean. It's like the outside world just fades away."
"Yeah, exactly. It's like you can just be yourself here, without any judgment."
They shared a smile. They ran their errands about town, quickly finding a comfortable banter, and Caroline found herself more and more at ease around Rhett. Oh, she still found him drop dead gorgeous, but instead of finding his attractiveness intimidating, she was drawn into his easy manner and simply enjoyed his company.
As they were leaving the grocery store, they noticed more festival goers, dressed in some risque and outlandish costumes. Caroline found herself smirking.
"Speaking of being yourself..." She pointed out the group.
Rhett chuckled. "Oh yea. It's something, isn't it? Kinda liberating, embracing the unconventional."
They climbed in the car and headed down the road back to the festival. Caroline realized that she had an opportunity, a chance she'd normally pass up. Instead, she decided to be bold.
"Speaking of unconventional, what's the most unconventional thing you've done at a festival?" The implication was clear. She wasn't just talking about clothing.
"Well, that's a loaded question. Let's see. If we're being honest, I once ended up at a very... open-minded camp. It was an eye-opener, to say the least."
"Oh, come on. You can't just leave it at that! What do you mean, open-minded?"
"Let's just say, I discovered a side of myself I didn't know existed. A more adventurous side."
Caroline playfully harrumphed. "Adventurous could mean you added hot sauce to your huevos rancheros."
He laughed. "Fair enough. You sure you wanna know?"
"Dude, I'm dying of old age here. I'm not as innocent as all that. Let's go!"
He arched an eyebrow and surveyed her speculatively. "Alright." He sighed. "Well... there were some women there who... wanted to have their way with me."
She smirked.
"All at once." He clarified.
"Oh I knew what you meant. Besides, that's not that crazy. Isn't it every guy's dream to have a threesome with two women."
"It was more than two." he winked.
She laughed with a shrug. "Festivals can bring out the wild in people. I had a similar experience, actually. Though, not at the festival."
"Really? Do tell."
"Well, I got into a lifestyle that's a bit... different." She paused. It wasn't often she found someone she could talk to about her new experiences. "I found this app that catered to people with specific tastes, and it opened up a whole new world for me."
"I assume we're talking about kink." He grinned knowingly.
"We are." She said, blushing slightly but nodding. "I didn't expect it to turn into such an amazing journey of self-discovery though, if I'm honest."
"I get that. It's refreshing to talk to someone who's also into it. Sometimes it feels like a secret life, you know?"
"Absolutely. It's nice to be able to share it with someone who understands."
There was a quiet pause, as they both absorbed their newfound commonality. It was comforting, and Caroline found herself feeling closer to Rhett in a day than many people she'd known for years.
"So, what's your favorite aspect of it?" His question jerked her out of her thoughts.
"Oh jeez. Um... I think it's the freedom to explore and the trust you build with your partners. My communication skills and confidence levels have unexpectedly gone through the roof as a result. What about you?"
"For me, it's the connection and the intensity of the experiences. It feels so much more... real. Authentic." He paused. "What do you mean, confidence? You're an attractive, intelligent, funny woman. Have you struggled in the past?"
"Oh yea. Especially when it comes to sex. Growing up where I did... well, let's just say girls wear promise rings and sex before marriage is a sin. I didn't know how to ask for what I wanted, to demand what I deserved. So while I always enjoyed sex, I just had to believe there was more."
"Well," he quirked the side of his mouth and continued, "I'm sorry you had that experience earlier on, but I'm glad you've found your voice."
"Me too."
"So, what does asking more look like?" His voice was mischievous and suggestive.
Could he be interested in me, Caroline thought to herself?
"Oh, I have a whole list. My friend introduced me to the idea of a Fuck-it List, instead of a Bucket List." She grinned.
"Oh I like that! What's on yours?"
"You know, the usual."
"Your usual and my usual could be way different." He winked at her. "Give me some examples."
She blushed again. Confident, she may be. But old habits die hard.
She chewed on her lip. "Well, honestly at the moment it's mostly just unusual locations.."
"Such as..?"
"In the shower. Out in the woods. In a bar bathroom. In the rain. In a car..." She trailed off at the last, hyper aware of their current location.
"In a car, eh?"
"Mmhmm." She committed. "And I've always wanted to have sex somewhere with a slight (she emphasized slight) chance of discovery. I'm not an exhibitionist, but I think it would be a bit... thrilling."
"It is." His voice became dark and velvety. "Well, perhaps this festival will help you cross some of those items off your list. Your... locations... seem quite well suited to our current environment."
She swallowed. Hard. And a deliciously dirty thought occurred to her. But, could she actually do it...
The universe must have thought so, because less than a minute later she saw the perfect bend in the road. She slowed and pulled the car to the shoulder, put it in park, and thanked the hill country's penchant for extra wide flat shoulders.
He gave her a wry look. "What are you doing?"
Palms on the steering wheel, eyes straight ahead, she took a breath and then met his gaze. "Crossing something off the list. You game?"
She maintained eye contact and let out a breath she was unaware she'd been holding when she saw the corner of his mouth tick up.
"Fuck yea."
Mischief glittered in her eye as she unbuckled her seat belt, checked for traffic, and opened her car door.
"Where are you going?" He called after her.
She didn't answer, shutting the door and walking around the front of the SUV and over to his passenger side door. She opened it with a grin.
"Hi."
"Hi yourself." He said, curious.
She moved slowly, partly to give him time to stop her if he changed his mind, but she was also just a bit dazed by her actions. She had never done anything quite so bold before. Both in terms of blatantly making the first move on a man she barely knew as well as in such a discoverable location.
A wide expanse of red dirt and scrub spread out behind her with a ranch house perched much further away up a hill, though anyone looking down would have to grab a pair of binoculars to get a show. They were also on the outside of the road's curve, meaning anyone coming from the rear would be blocked by the end of the SUV. The view for anyone coming from the front would see only a pair of feet, if they were paying attention, the rest of her obscured by the open passenger door.
Her hand hovered over the buttons of his jean shorts before working the first one loose. She had to chuckle when the second gave her trouble. The angle of his seated position made it difficult, and she felt her confident sensuality slipping to nervousness. Thankfully he took over, making quick work of the remaining buttons, sliding his long fingers inside and pulling his semi-hard cock free.
She bit her lip, gave him a quick glance, and then grasped him in her right hand. His head tilted back as she began to stroke him slowly, teasing him to life before bending over and flicking her tongue briefly over the round head of his erection. She braced her left hand on the side of the door frame and allowed herself to take him more fully in her mouth. She was rewarded with a soft groan as she swallowed the rest of his cock, inch by inch, until he was fully sheathed inside her hot, eager mouth.
Gaining confidence, she began to glide up and down along his length. As she rose, she sealed her lips around him tightly and then tortured the crown with her tongue before sliding back down until it tapped the back of her throat. He was rock solid in her grasp, as she began to enthusiastically pump away, using her right hand to grip around his root. At one point, her palm dipped down to cup his full balls and massage his taint, which prompted one of his large hands reflexively gripping her hair and forcing her down deeper onto his pulsing shaft.
She was so turned on. The thrill of potential discovery combined with their intense chemistry had her soaking the cotton panties hiding beneath her flowy festival dress. She wanted him, and she wanted more than just his cock in her mouth.
On her next breath, she lifted herself up slightly and looked at him. His head was thrown back, but when he realized she was not just teasing him by withholding her sweet mouth, he moved to meet her gaze. His eyes were hooded with desire.
"Don't stop..." He said, with an edge of desperation.
"I have a new limit to test."
"Oh yea?"
She nodded. "Do you have a condom?"
He threw back his head again as her hand idly stroked his shaft. "Fuckkk.."
He arched his back and reached a hand into his back pocket to grab his wallet. A familiar foil packet was produced, and she took it from his trembling fingers. God, she loved to see this beautiful strong man consumed by the desire she made him feel.
"Lay the seat back," She said.
He complied, and she ripped open the condom packet. With one last lick of the precum seeping from his shaft, she rolled the rubber onto him and hiked her dress. He watched her with amused arousal as she attempted to climb onto him while also pulling the door shut behind her.
"Shut up," she laughed, finally sealing them back into the cool air-conditioned vehicle and kneeling comfortably above him. "I've never done this before."
"You're doing great." He grinned.
His hands came to rest on her hips as she leaned over him. She tugged the hem of her dress up so that she could feel his hard shaft sliding against the dripping heat of her core. One hand on each of his shoulders, she bent down and finally pressed her lips to his. She could taste the coffee on his breath, and she moaned at the feel of his tongue tracing her bottom lip. She opened to him, getting lost in the heat of his kiss. His hand was in her hair again, holding her against him, as his other hand gripped her waist so tightly she knew her pale skin would bear the marks by morning.
He began to rock beneath her, grinding his hard ridge against her slit, every movement causing her to gasp in sensation.
"I can't wait anymore." She managed to whisper between devouring kisses.
"Eager girl."
"Yes."
"Then take what you want."
There was something about this man that made her feel powerful. He had offered her a safe and accepting and erotic cocoon in which to explore, and she was going to take advantage for as long as she could.
She pushed herself up slightly, reached a hand between them, nudged her panties to the side, and began dragging the head of his cock along her wetness. Once, twice, a third time has him thrusting in her hand.
"Now I can't wait," he growled, and he pressed upwards, the head of his shaft breaching her entrance and forcing her to break their kiss and arch her back in unexpected pleasure. The hand in her hair returned to her hip as he took control of their movements. He pulled her down onto his waiting dick, and she reveled in him stretching her, inch by inch, his slow movements mimicking her teasing him with her mouth only minutes before.
Once he was fully sheathed inside her, they sat like that for a breath, and in that moment, she realized the SUV's windows weren't as tinted as she'd thought. A pick up truck approached, seemingly relatively slowly, but she was drawn back into the moment when he tugged down the front of her shirt and took a newly exposed nipple between his teeth.
"Holy shit!"
The sensation was overwhelming. He alternated between circling the turgid peak with his tongue, drawing into his mouth and suckling her, nipping at it with his teeth, and then releasing it and blowing cool air on it, all in an attempt to make it even harder.
She began to grind against him, trying to force him even deeper inside her. His hands dipped to her ass and began scrunching up the skirt, baring her ass to him. He slid his fingers beneath the line of her panties and began playing with the forbidden pink rosebud hidden in her cleft.
She tensed slightly, which he must have felt, because he released the nipple currently being tortured by his devilish mouth and whispered, "Relax... Just let yourself feel it."
She'd not experienced much ass play, but for some reason, she innately trusted him. She cradled his head in her hands as he returned his assault on her chest, took a breath, and relaxed into the sensations he aroused in her. She took up her rhythm once more, lifted her knees, and sank back onto him. This angle had him perfectly lined up to tease the sensitive ridge of flesh inside her already sensitive pussy.
Meanwhile, he slid one finger down to where his cock was buried deep inside her, collecting her juices on its tip before using her natural (and prolific) lubricant to ease his way into her other tight hole. One knuckle, then another, and soon one entire digit was sheathed deep in her ass. She couldn't breathe. He began to thrust in time with his cock, and she nearly came then and there.
She needed to regain some semblance of control, to stave off the insatiable lust he made her feel. Her hands had been braced against the car's plush seat, but without thinking, she moved one to his chest, pressing him away from her. She heard her nipple *pop* from his lips, but she was beyond caring. Her other hand moved to his clavicle, just below his throat.
His expression was part surprise, part primal satisfaction.
"Go on, then." He purred. "Use me."
And she did. She bounced on his shaft with abandon, losing momentum only when he inserted a second digit in her tight ass.
"Naughty little girl. You like having my fingers in your ass, don't you?"
She couldn't reply. She could barely keep herself upright. She slumped to her elbows as she continued to ride him. His mouth was mere millimeters from her ear when he whispered. "Just imagine how it'll feel when you've got my cock buried in your sweet ass."
Her orgasm took her by surprise. One moment, she felt as though she could fuck him for hours. The next, his filthy words had her flung over the edge and falling into oblivion. Her pace began to slow as the aftershocks of her orgasm sent electric pulses skittering through her body. She'd never cum so hard before.
"Oh, we're not done yet, little girl." Rhett murmured. "You're going to cum again for me."
"I don't think I can." She admitted.
"You can. And you will."
He still had two fingers stuffed in her asshole, but with his free hand, he reached between them and began drawing the guitar-toughend pad of his thumb against her clit. Her clit had always been more sensitive than her g-spot, and post-orgasm? Screw electric pulses. His touch felt like a damn lightning bolt. He pulled his fingers from her ass and gave her a firm spank.
"Ride me."
She did. With his thumb still teasing her sensitive nub, he delivered slap after slap to her pinkening rump.
"Rhett, you're going to make me cum again." She pleaded, knowing he could deliver.
"Good. I want you to cum all over my cock while I cum inside you."
As before, the words were enough. But this time, they coincided with him pinching her clit between his thumb and forefinger. She began to spasm on top of him, his hand on her ass preventing her from edging away as he plowed her pussy over and over again. She could feel him pulsing within her as her pussy clenched him tighter.
"Fuck, you're so tight." His words were strangled as the last of his orgasm gripped him.
They lay there together, her breasts pressed against his still clothed chest, panting in the aftermath. Her brain haltingly came back online, and the first image was of the slowing pick up truck. Rhett must have somehow read her mind, because he grinned and said, "It's hot, isn't it? I think you like being seen."
"Perhaps," she admitted ruefully. "I'm just hoping it's no one from the festival that I know."
"Ahh," he smiled knowingly, "but wouldn't that be kind of fun?"
She just laughed, pushed herself upright, and began the process of composing herself. A few minutes later, they were back on the road in a comfortable, sated silence. The more she thought on what they'd just done, the more she realized he was right. She did like the idea that someone saw her and liked what they saw.
She also realized that the truck had looked somewhat familiar...
>> Stay tuned for Part 2 <<