Chapter 14 - Uncle Henrys Party
The evening of Uncle Henry's party had arrived; Gina took her a long hot shower running her razor once more over her already smooth lady parts just in case. Then spending extra time doing her make-up and hair to get ready for her show at the Elbo Room down in Lauderdale, she walked around the bedroom and house naked, enjoying her excitement.
Around 9:30, she joined John in the kitchen in her sexy school girl outfit. John was able to really take in the tiny skirt; the white top tied closed holding back her huge boobs, her hard nipples barely under the thin clingy material as she walked around the kitchen and dining room, butterflies flopping around in his stomach thinking of his sexy wife dressed so slutty in public.
She had added a pair of tiny white G-String panties that tied on the sides, John was a little thankful for having under her tiny skirt. Looking down at her white thigh highs and black six-inch heels completing her ensemble. "Baby, you look like a walking wet dream."
She just giggled at his comment, "I have not been told that by anyone in many years. But I need a long jacket, or something to wear over this so I can surprise Uncle Henry, well and the bar after we get there."
John went and found an old long trench coat type jacket he had not worn in a long time, not worried if it gets lost tonight, as he presented it to her. "Will this work? It is such a shame to cover up that body."
She giggled at his comment, "I am not putting it on until we get there."
He just smiled as he handed her a bourbon glass of Parton and ice, "Here I think you might need this."
She drank about half of it before thanking him, her nipples responded well to the strong smooth tequila.
She wrapped her arms around his neck, "I feel so slutty, kiss me baby, do I still look like that slutty young girl from college you fell in love with."
He was eager to comply while shaking his head yes, running his hands up under her skirt and tiny panties finding her wet pussy and firm bare ass. He ran his finger through her wet slit dipping briefly inside her. "You better stop."
She pulled his hand up to her mouth, sucking her own juices from his fingers. "Let's get going." She grabbed her glass and headed out the door.
On the drive to Lauderdale, John continued to play with Gina's exposed panty covered pussy, the tiny garment pushed aside, and the skirt too short to cover her when she is sitting down no matter hold much she tugged it down. She dropped the seat back as far as it would go and sat with her right foot up on the seat and her left thigh on the console, giving him access to her moist entrance.
Several times John would bring his fingers to her mouth for her to clean them, this was a new experience for him, and he was enjoying feeding his wife her own juices, a desire she had recently found she enjoyed after her encounter with Rischa on the boat.
The time flew by as they realized they had arrived parking across the street from the bar around 10:45. She stepped from the car, tugging the tiny skirt down as best as she could before slipping on the long coat. John locked the car and they walked hand-in- hand to the Elbo Room Bar. She giggled, "This skirt is already up on my waist again." She paused to open the jacket and show him, the skirt well above her crotch the tiny white lace panties already on display.
They headed up the stairs hearing the live band rocking the bar. She waited until they were at the top of the stairs before she tugged the skirt down again. Gina wrapped her arms around John's neck again kissing him. "You ready to watch your slutty MILF wife strip in a bar full of strangers?"
He kissed her, slipping his hand inside the jacket groping her boob, "It wouldn't be the first time you were naked in this bar."
They entered via the side door immediately being called out by Paul and the guys from next doors. "I didn't think you were going to make it, you need a drink, you ready to do your thing?" Paul asked her; excited his plan had come together for his older uncle.
"Get me a double Parton first," Gina, told him. They moved away from the birthday party group to the other side of the bar.
He quickly returned with two double shots, "Here, just in case you need them both." He handed her the two glasses. He looks over at John, "Thank you for letting her do this, it really means a lot to me, and well, your wife is so fucking hot!"
She downed them one after the other, "Let's wait a few minutes for them to kick-in and then it will be show time." They stepped around the bar a bit more out of sight of Uncle Henry.
"Here you go sweat heart," Drew, her gay waiter friend hands her a shot of Fireball.
She giggles and takes it, opening the top of the jacket a bit showing him her cleavage over flowing the white top, "Is your boyfriend here tonight?" John has a puzzled look on this face. As they both laughed, he stared at her cleavage, one of her nipples peeking out the edge of the blouse. "Honey, I don't care!"
Giggling, "Maybe later then." She winked at him, turning up the shot.
They waited a bit longer, John having got them both mixed drinks to sip on while they waited for Gina to get her courage up having never actually planned a performance before like this. Paul came over asking again if she was ready, Gina told him, "Go and request the band play Cherry Pie by Warrant." He quickly made his way over chatting with the guy running the sound board. They both looked Gina's way, Paul having told him what was in store earlier in the evening.
The band finished the song they were playing followed by one more then went straight into; "Dirty, rotten, filthy, stinkin' She's my cherry pie, Cool drink of water, such a sweet surprise, Tastes so good, makes a grown man cry, Sweet Cherry Pie." Paul and the guys moved the other chairs and table from in front of Uncle Henry leaving him sitting in a chair a bit confused.
Gina slipped off the jacket, hands it to John then heads around the bar, her ass already starting to show, her big boobs swaying un-supported in the thin white top.
Placing her hands on his shoulders, "Happy Birthday Uncle Henry, I'm your Cherry Pie!" Doing a sexy circle around him turning as she went to allow him to get the whole view of the barely dress woman before him and then started dancing for him. Bending forward in front of the old man, her tits almost spilling from her small top. John and several others already having whipped out cell phones to video tape her show. People behind her cheering seeing the thin string running through her ass crack into her puffy lips.
Standing back up she turned around her ass now only a few feet from in his face as she wiggled it back and forth to the music, bending a few times almost in half spreading her feet, grabbing her own ankles running her hand up her hose covered leg, her exposed asshole and pussy only covered by a thin string.
She danced through Cherry Pie and into the next song moving up close to him placing her hands on his shoulders again; she leaned over to whisper in his ear "Push my skirt off!"
He was excitedly happy to comply, his thumbs hooking inside the waistband of the already too short skirt pushing it down over her hips and her thighs until it just dropped to the floor. She stepped backwards out of the skirt at her ankles, using her foot to flip it toward John, as she turned back around her butt more in his face now, his hands on her firm ass, as the crowd cheered and screamed for her.
She danced around him again sitting in the chair, getting more cheers from the crowd as people started pulling out cash. Not wanting to disappoint them, she held out the top of her thigh-highs to let them drop the cash inside the band of the thigh-high tops. A few actually placing the bills in their mouth for her to take using her deep cleavage.
Moving back to Henry with her ass to him, Gina again bent over shaking her firm cheeks in his face, then reaching back and pulled the two ties at her sides, the tiny panties just fell away into his lap as she continued to shake her ass for him. John could only watch his beautiful wife as she danced bottomless for this entire bar, and he knew she was not done yet.
Once again, she danced for the ring of fans picking up a bit more cash in her thigh-high tops, several guys wanting to place the bills on the inside of the band, brushing her bare pussy with the back of their hands. This only added to her excitement making her quite horny.
Gina then turned around and placed her hands on his shoulders again squatting down onto his lap, grinding her bare pussy into his lap, her legs to the sides of his legs and the chair, forcing her own thighs to spread apart. Even though the lights are dim, Henry can still see her spread pussy lips as she shoved her big boobs into his face.
His hands now on her waist, he hangs on before letting them drop to her hips, his fingertips holding her ass as she dances on his lap. To John's surprise, he moves his right hand between her legs and starts rubbing her clit as she enjoys his hand.
Henry then slips a finger deep inside her and then another into her as she grinds into him allowing the old man to finger fuck her. She feels her excitement building and while continuing to grind into his hand, she reaches up and pulls the bow loose on her top.
The stretched top springs to the sides exposing both the firm tits just inches from the old man's face. She stands up and dances in front of him again doing a few turns for the crowd before sitting back down in his lap with her back to him. She leans back and tells him, "Strip my top off sweetie!"
Henry quickly complies pulling the thin material inside out off her shoulders and down her arms again causing the bar to roar at this young looking beauty, now naked and dancing like a high paid stripper. Her legs spread towards the crowd now, letting them view everything as she leans back into Henry, arching her back into him slapping his face with her sweat smelling hair.
Having stripped the top off, he reaches around groping her big bare tits, pinching and rolling her hard nipples, as John watches in amazement a bit in awe by the behavior of his wife. She stands back up now wearing just the white thigh-highs and black heels, dances a bit more for Henry and the crowd, working the people along the edge of the small circle still offering cash from their mouths hoping to get a face full of her big bare tits.
Returning to Henry, she straddles his lap again, spreading her thighs as she drops down onto his lap, facing him again. His hands go straight to her breasts once more, not near big enough to cover her boobs, as she grinds into his lap. John just videos and watches as the old man drops his mouth to the now uncovered nipples and starts to suck on them, his right hand moves down her body to between her legs.
Gina's head drops back as he slips the two fingers into her wet entrance and begins to finger fuck her to a roaring crowd of horny onlookers, John watches as his wife reaches down with her own two finger rapidly working her own clit, bringing herself to a gushing orgasm.
They get even louder as she starts to move her hips up and down riding his fingers buried as deep as he can get them. Then she reaches down and brings his fingers to her mouth sucking and licking them clean, then leaning over again, her hands on his shoulders and she gives him a taste of her juices with a kiss.
Her legs feeling like Jello, getting up out of Uncle Henrys lap leaving him with a huge wet spot from her orgasm, and maybe his; grabs up the top and walks to John, while pulling the cash from her thigh-high tops.
He stops videoing her nude body and holds the jacket open for her to slip back into, of course to everyone's disappointment. She turns back around and kisses John probing his mouth with her tongue; he can feel the passion, excitement and taste of his wife's pussy in her kiss.
"Come on let's go somewhere else," she takes his hand leading him out the same door they came in from off Las Olas Boulevard across from the parking lot where they had parked a few hours earlier. Down the stairs to the sidewalk, she stops at the bottom of the steps, hands her twisted top to John, taking the skirt from him she slips it up her legs, flashing a few people in the process. Then she drops the jacket off and drapes it over the stair railing, taking her top from him putting it back on after untangling it a bit first, from how Henry had stripped it from her.
John stares at her in amazement, trying to keep her out of view slightly, but she does not care, nor does he as he stares proudly at his own wife's big bare tanned breasts. She ties the top together in a bow again but leaves it a bit looser than earlier, wanting to be exposed, wanting to be seen and on display for the walk down the public sidewalk.
She gives the skirt a tug down her hips to well below her belly button resting well below her hip bones, almost covering her entire ass this time, then tells John, "Come on baby, your turn to be my dance partner."
He can only follow her as they head North on Ocean Drive as people on the crowded sidewalks gawk at her tiny outfit. Her big boobs jiggling almost freely with each step, hints of her areola already peeking out. John just keeps looking over at her big firm boobs barely covered, not believing this is his beautiful wife acting like this, wishing the top would actually dip lower. When they get to the Rock Bar, the skirt has already ridden up a bit exposing a bit of her ass cheeks as people stare at her as they pass, not realizing the front is an even a better view with her exposed cleavage and most of her hard pink nipples.
The Doorman recognize her from the last adventure there; beautiful, mature, short, half-naked, huge tits. He lets John accompany her inside without paying the cover charge, her exposed boobs and extremely short skirt buying their way inside. Gina leads him straight to the dance floor and starts kissing him again, "I am fucking dripping wet, feel me." She yells to him over the loud thumping dance music on the crowded dance floor.
He does as he is told, placing his left palm against her engorged bare pussy and dipping his middle finger first into her soaked slit and then plunging deep inside her finding exactly what she told him. He continues to finger fuck her on the dance floor, as people are taking notice, but neither one of them care, as they continue to make out.
Gina turns around pushing her ass into his crotch arching her back a bit, her skirt already up on her hips again baring her ass. John knowing she is getting into being exposed pulls the skirt higher up her waist, wanting everyone to see his exhibitionist wife's ass and pussy, if she wants to show it all off he is eager to help.
She then leans back into him, "Grab my tits and feel them, I want your hands on them!"
He reaches around her and fumbles for one of the ends of the bow, then pulls it loose before grabbing two handfuls of bare breasts as people look on at their erotic public strip show.
They continue dancing thru four songs as John gropes his wife's tits and fingers her wet pussy; he is just as excited about showing her off now, as she wants to show. Gina finally tells him she is thirsty, they head off the dance floor, she is tugging her skirt back down before loosely retying her top closed to head to the bar, almost covering her nipples completely again.
John orders them both rum and pineapple cocktails, knowing they go down easy and are sweet. He looks back at Gina waiting for him, taking in the profile view of her round ass and huge tits, the tiny skirt exposing half her ass cheeks, the tight top barely containing her huge boobs as well as her sexy thigh-highs, as several guys start chatting her up almost immediately.
He just watches as he waits for the drinks, as the men ogle his wife. He cannot blame them as sexy as she looks, not to mention she is half-naked, she uses her finger to play with the opening at her cleavage to tease them slowly moving the material away from her hard nipples. He finally gets the drinks and takes them too her; the guys excuse themselves when John arrives, he sees more of her firm breast and right nipple again completely exposed as they sip the drinks. John ask her what they wanted. Gina tells them, "Just to dance with me."
John laughs, "Can I watch?"
"If you want too, how far you willing to let them go?" She grins knowing how inviting her body is at the moment.
Johns cock stirs at the thought of it, "That's up to you; let me go get us another round of drinks." He winks at her and walks away, heading to the end of the bar.
He is in no hurry to get the drinks just watching as she tugs the skirt down yet again, it takes less than a minute before a guy is chatting to her, then another, more to her tits. She uses her hands to push her hair back as she pushes her chest out a bit more knowing that is where he is looking. The stretching causes the loosely tied top to slide off her left nipple and the stored energy in the tight material continues to slide exposing more of her tanned boob.
John sees him pointing to the dance floor and she accepts his offer, as he follows her cute cheeks peeking from under the skirt. She stays at the edge of the dance floor so John can watch, as was his requested. Forgetting about the drinks, he moves closer to the dance floor to watch the show.
Gina again has her fingers entwined in the hair allowing her boobs to move freely as the knot works its way completely loose, snapping away completely to her sides. The guy just stares at her bare breasts as she dances, her arms staying in the air allowing her boobs to jiggle and bounce freely, for the guy, John, and anyone else watching. She eventually turns her back to him grinding her bare ass into his crotch; he gets braver placing his hands on her thighs and slowly slides them higher up her hips bringing her tiny skirt with them.
When the song ends, she thanks him, gives her skirt a tug back down and ties her top closed, covering most of her boobs, with another loose overhand knot, returning to John giggling asking, "Enjoy the show, and where is my drink?"
He just laughs at her, reaching under her skirt again to grope her wet pussy and slip a finger inside her again, "Baby you were incredible, obviously the sexist woman in the bar, the biggest show off for sure. I would love to see you naked again though!"
He kisses her going back to the bar for her drink. Ordering the two drinks, he watches her as she runs her thumbs around the waistband bringing it much lower on her hips like she did for the walk to the bar, almost to her upper thighs, actually showing off the sexy bare curves of her hips, along with the space between her belly button and her smooth lower abdominal oblique muscles where they almost meet.
After getting the drinks, he watches as three guys are already talking to her. She continues to flirt with her waistband trying to see how low she can get it to go without exposing her slit. A tall Italian looking guy, who towers a good foot and a half over her, and two others he can't really make out.
The guy reaching out to groom her hair, shoulders, and back as they chat, Gina now playing with the ties holding her top closed, as the guys watch her tits intently. The tall guy takes her hand after she gives him a giggly head nod yes, looking back for John.
She then takes the lead to where she knows John can watch, the guy taking in her almost bare ass cheeks in front of him. She stops at the edge of the dance floor again turning toward him as he pulls her to his chest, looking down at her and starts to grind into her body, his right hand in the small of her back pulling her chest into his lower abdomen. She reaches up unbuttoning his shirt, exposing his smooth chest, giving him a slight bite on his peck. John can already see her skirt has rode up her hips again, his leg between hers allowing her to ride his thigh.
Most of her ass exposed, but it seems more erotic from John's vantage point, almost forgetting that is his own wife he is watching being exposed by a stranger.
The guys left hand is pushing her top off her shoulder, exposing her tanned bare shoulder and right boob, she leans in and tells him something as John watches. He looks surprised and then nods, looking around he then slips his hand down pulling the knot loose. The top jumps to the sides leaving both her large boobs exposed to the crowd once again, she leans in rubbing against the guy's bare chest, as she releases more of his shirt buttons. Then another guy who had been chatting with her and watching just off the dance floor, dances up behind Gina sandwiching her between them. The two guys, knowing she is there with someone, grin at each other, smiling like they have a plan.
Of course, the top being open is not enough as the guy in front starts to push the top off her right shoulder, it is so loose and stretched out it drops to her elbow where she stops it momentarily. When she drops her left arm, he attempts to push the top lower, he continues to slide it down her left arm with his hand.
People are watching John's wife being stripped of her white top on the dance floor, which only excited him more. Gina reaches down grabbing the guys ass in response biting his chest again as she continues to grind his thigh with her bare pussy. The guy behind her grinding into her exposed ass, through his jeans she can feel his hard cock against her ass crack, the skirt well above her hips now.
John continues to watch as her top is pulled lower by the guy behind her coming off her forearm now, the right side dropping from her other elbow as she is dancing topless with these two hunks, who appear to be set on stripping her as much as possible. The guy behind her reaches around with both hands grabbing two full handfuls of bare breasts. Gina drops her arms down and does not attempt to stop them, enjoying the attention of the younger guys and preforming as John requested of her.
The guy in front realizing she is allowing them to grope her, pushes her arms down straight bringing her top lower on her forearms with his hands, stripping her completely of her top. John just watches as it just falls to the floor. He has to adjust his hard cock in his pants, taking in the exposure of his sexy cougar exhibitionist wife. The guy behind her hooks the skirt with his thumbs and starts slowly bringing it back down her waist to her hips a little bit at a time as she dances.
She was so excited she did not stop either of them, her hands resting on the solid forearms of the guy in front of her, his eyes glued to her exposed breasts. The guy realizing what the other is doing simply lifts Gina's small body up off the floor, his hands on her rib cage, his thumbs buried under her large breasts, under her arms, like she is a rag doll as she feels the skirt being pulled down her legs.
A bit of a cheer is heard as the guy in back pulls the skirt down her thighs, down over her white thigh-highs and over her tall black heels. She is set back down on her own feet and continues to dance with them as they grope her solid ass and tits, bending over occasionally pushing her ass into the guy behind her, allowing her tits to swing down freely.
As the song ends, she reaches down retrieving her clothes and walks away from them towards where she had left John, who is headed her way. When she gets to him, she again kisses him holding her top in one hand and skirt in the other behind his back. Telling him they need to go; she is ready to fuck. He helps her back into her clothes and they are headed toward the front door.
They are stopped by a group of guys who try to chat her up near the bar, her top not really on all the way having hastily pulled it on over her chest, the back twisted.
Gina only holding it closed, her left nipple mostly exposed, her skirt down enough in front to cover her pussy but not her entire ass. A few of the female bartenders and sorority girls are dancing on the bar as guys cheer them on, especially two of the college girls, one in a short skirt and the other in a dress.
One of them asks her, "You're the one who was dancing a few minutes ago on the dance floor aren't you?" Already knowing the answer.
John smiles proudly, "You mean the naked one with the awesome tits, and yeah this is her!"
"You are a lucky man, but why aren't you up on the bar with the rest of the girls?" another asks. As another petite brunette coed is lifted up onto the bar by her friends, she is wearing a skirt similar to Gina's but not nearly as short. She is begging them not too, laughing and squealing as her cute, tanned ass comes into view to everyone. Once on the bar she turns around holding the bottom of her skirt between her legs with both hands, looking for a way down.
John anticipating another chance to show off his wife gives her an approving nod and head tilt of approval, as he watches the young woman being encouraged to dance and let go of her skirt by her friends. The girl cries out to them, "I am not wearing panties!" to which the crowd below her cheers. She tries to act shy but starts to dance with the other girls lining the bar top, moving one hand to let it swing with the thumping beat of the music, but still holding the hem close between her legs.
Knowing how horny his beautiful wife already is and his building desire to expose her to more people, he tells the guys, "Go ahead lift her up there if you want!"
Three of the younger guys eagerly grab her four-foot ten inch, 102 pound petite body up, easily lifting her up onto the bar flashing her bare ass to a cheering crowd of people, some seeing her for the first time realizing there is nothing under her short skirt either. Gina looks down at John after turning around; knowing everyone looking up at her has an unobstructed view of her bare pussy as she dances with the other girls, making no attempt to hide a thing, wanting to be seen and exposed.
The guys all moving in closer to see up Gina's skirt as she squats, turns and bends over for them showing herself off with no shame. The bending over results in her breasts swinging free of her top she was holding closed, making John smile with delight as he yells up at her, "Take it off baby!"
Her skirt now having rode up on her waist a lot more from her squats and bending over, leaves her ass and pussy visible even to those standing in the back of the cheering crowd of drunk partiers near the bar. The girl next to Gina in the purple pleated skirt is feeding off Gina's brazenness. She finally reveals her lack of panties as well, as she still tries to act shy letting everyone see her thin landing strip.
Gina still looking down at John starts to tease with her untied top flashing her huge firm boobs increasing the roar of the people below her. She moves the two ties apart flashing her large firm breasts on her petite frame, intentionally making them jiggle and bounce. People are pointing phones her way snapping pictures and video, John realizes what they are doing and pulls out his phone as well. Gina feeds off the excitement and pulls the sleeves of the top inside out pulling it down her arms, then balling it up before tossing it down to John, temporarily covering his phone.
None of the other girls are brave enough to join her, one of them briefly flashing her small breast from under her bikini top. Gina continues to dance for the crowd as the songs are blended into one by the DJ. John mouths to her, "All the way baby!"
She smiles down at John and squats in front of him with her knees spread showing herself to the guys closest to the bar. Smiling she stands back up and turns around, while she is bending forward, she hooks the skirt with her thumbs and starts pushing it slowly over her hips and ass. Gina then lets it drop to the bar top after it clears her thigh high tops, then stepping out of it leaving her in just the white thigh highs and heels, as more pictures and video are taken of the nude MILF on the bar.
She does not stay naked on the bar long before sitting on the edge, grabbing her skirt and stepping down on a bar stool as two guys help her climb down. She goes straight to John kissing him, burying her tongue in his mouth, reaching down grabbing his hard cock still in his slacks. "I want this now!"
He takes her skirt holding it open for her as she steps into it once again, then helps her into her top as they head for the exit, giving it a quick over hand knot to temporarily hold it closed, not really covering much of her large bouncing boobs, nor caring. He takes her hand, pushing her toward the door, following so he can still take in her barely covered ass.
Once outside she allows the knot to loosen as they walk, the top to moving to the sides from over her breast to allow for the exposure of her hard pink nipples, as they head down Ocean Drive to the parking lot. She is turning heads the whole way as Gina's firm breast refuse to stay in the almost completely untied top as they get to the Elbo Room bar. The people on the balcony yelled down to her seeing her big boobs jiggling freely as the knot continues to come undone even more with each step. She just smiles and waves up to them, giving her boobs a lift with both hands shaking them at the people yelling to her, yelling for her to take it off for them.
The two of them hurry across Las Olas to the parking lot, neither caring about Gina's state of undress on the public streets as they hurry to her car in the middle of the parking lot. Getting to the passenger's door, next to a newer F-250, Gina turns to John starts kissing him and unzipping his slack fishing for his still hard cock. Freeing him, she strokes him a few times before breaking the kiss and drops down taking him between her hungry lips.
John just looks around to see if anyone is watching them as he holds the back of her head pushing her mouth farther down his shaft. Her knees spread, she uses her free hand to start pleasuring herself, rubbing her clit and dipping fingers deep inside making herself moan and pant.
She finally stands up and turns around, bending forward, she grabs John's cock and aims it for her waiting entrance not caring if anyone is watching, she is so wet he easily slides deep into her as she holds the side of the car.
John grabs the back of her shirt holding onto it for leverage as he fucks her from behind, watching the reflection of her swaying tits in the window. As Gina moans and whimpers it draws attention to those passing by, a few pausing to watch briefly, some a little longer. "Drop your arms back baby, I want you to be naked while I fuck you!" John tells her.
She doesn't hesitate, reaching back her top quickly slides down her arms, John already pulling on it, tossing it on the roof of the car as it slides free. He runs his hands over her bare back feeling her smooth tanned skin.
Not lasting as long as he had hoped, and probably a good thing, he explodes deep inside her pushing her sweaty body against the car holding her there until he slips from inside her.
She steps back from him, "I guess you should have done this earlier." She pushes the skirt off her hips, and then walks around the car to the passenger side, showing off for those that had watched.
John grabs the shirt from the ground, "Come on baby, we are pushing our luck, get in the car!" He uses the clicker to unlock the door as he pulls her top off from the roof of the car, dropping it in her seat to protect the car interior. Dropping into the seat, she reaches up to release the convertible top. As soon as John starts the car, she pushes the button retracing the convertible car top. John just looks over at his beautiful mostly naked wife as they head for I-95. John turns on the inside light to display her nakedness, as she drops her seat back holding onto his arm, satisfied for the ride home. Smiling and giving the truck drivers little waves as they look down at her big bare breasts illuminated by the lights along I-95.