Every woman knows what it is to be shocked by her family – her husband and her children. I'm no stranger to being shocked, that's for sure.
Like when I was eavesdropping on the phone, listening to my daughter tell her friend how she'd lost her virginity the previous night to a dreadful boy who I absolutely disliked. Or, when I accidentally discovered the 'Life Like' penis shaped vibrator that was shrewdly hidden in the back of one of her drawers. Of course, I never said anything to her, but, they were shocking, none the less.
But, nothing could have prepared me for this. Not even when my husband of twenty years decided to leave me for a much younger woman in his office. Nothing over took me and affected me the way this had.
Danny was always a good boy – a model child that never got into trouble. From the pregnancy all the way up to the time he graduated from college, found a job and got married, Danny was the absolute perfect son. Family, friends and neighbors all told me what a delight he was, and how lucky I was to have such an adorable son.
He was thoughtful and kind; always excited to help me around the house, and was the first one to volunteer to help me do whatever I needed to do - even sometimes asking me to make a list of chores he could do for me. I could take him shopping with me for hours and he'd never complain while I went into every shoe store in the mall to find that perfect pair of shoes, or a new outfit. We held hands when we were out together, hugged at home every morning, and he even kissed me good night until he was in his twenties.
When his father left me, Danny came over almost every day to see me. On the days that he couldn't come by, he'd always call – even when he was on a business trip. He took me grocery shopping, out for dinner and we'd go to brunch almost every Sunday. I'm not sure how I would have gotten through those days and weeks without him.
I was happy when Danny finally found a nice girl and married her. They bought a house fifteen minutes away from mine, and it was nice seeing my son grow into a man I could be so proud of. He was a devoted husband to her, but, just a year into their marriage, they were divorced, sighting irreconcilable differences. I talked to both of them when Danny told me the news, but neither would go into any detail on what was going on between them, so I sat back and watched, helping him when I could, and played the part of a supportive mother.
Their divorce was the epitome of 'friendly'. I never heard Danny bad talk his wife and during the time of their divorce proceedings, they pleasantly talked together and I even saw them smile and laugh with each other. Soon, their divorce was final and Danny was on his own again. He kept the house, knuckled down at his job and within a few months, you couldn't even tell he'd been married, or, gone through a divorce.
But still, I wasn't prepared to be shocked like this. Not in a million years. Not in two million years. The revelations about my daughter's sexual experiences, my own divorce, Danny's divorce – none of it came anywhere close to the way this knocked me down and sucked the air out of my lungs.
It all started late last summer.
A weather front swept through our area spawning severe thunderstorms and tornadoes. Living in the mid-west of the US meant dealing with that pretty regularly, but this storm system was especially bad. I didn't have any home damage, but, Danny called me from his business trip in Phoenix and asked me if I could drive by his house to see if it was okay. Of course, I was happy to do it.
After he called, I remembered his ex-wife had once given me a set of their house keys in case of an emergency. So, once I found them, I drove to his neighborhood and fortunately, found his house was completely untouched. There were a few branches and limbs down in their neighborhood, but, everything looked fine at his house. I parked in his driveway and looked around the sides of the yard, and through the fence boards into the back yard – everything looked good.
As I headed back to my car, I felt the need to use the restroom. Since I had his keys and I knew he wouldn't mind, I didn't think twice about unlocking the door and using his bathroom. What I found when I opened the door was a bit of a surprise – his house was a mess. His kitchen looked like a collection of trash bags and empty frozen dinner trays. The refrigerator was bare except for a case of beer and an old jug of milk, and as I stood in the middle of his kitchen shaking my head, I got the feeling he could use some help..... maybe I'd surprise him by cleaning up his kitchen, vacuuming the house and doing some dusting. He wouldn't be back from Phoenix for another two days, and I didn't have anything better to do.
So, smiling to myself at my great idea, I locked his house and got back in my car. I made a mental note of the cleaning supplies I'd gather at my house – rubber gloves, a bucket, a broom, mop, and so on, and then I'd come back and clean his house from top to bottom and he'd be surprised, and grateful, when he got home from his business trip.
On the way home, I called him on my cell phone and told him his house was fine – no damage and no broken glass as far as I could tell.
"You didn't go in, did you?" Danny asked.
"No." I said, smiling to myself knowing he was probably ashamed of his housekeeping, and I surely didn't want to spoil my surprise. "I didn't have time." I replied. "It looks fine from the outside, though."
He thanked me and told me his trip was going good. He was pretty sure he'd be home late Thursday night, which would give me all of today and tomorrow to get his house in order – plenty of time.
I snickered to myself once we hung up. I couldn't believe how clever I was. And, I felt good about what I was doing for him – after all the things he'd done for me, I was going to get a chance to do something nice for him, and I was excited about tearing into his house and going through it like a cleaning whirlwind.
I spent a couple of hours at my house getting everything I needed and changing into clothes I could clean in. I even grabbed an extra set of clothes and some personal items so I could shower, or even stay the night, depending on what I found upstairs and in his bathrooms. I could just see myself stripped down to my underwear, sweating like a pig as I cleaned mold and grime out of his showers, and I was mentally prepared for it. The trunk of my car was filled with everything I needed to totally attack his home, and when I was done, it would sparkle and shine just like it did when he was married. Most importantly, my son's house would be clean again.
So, arriving back at Danny's house, I backed my car into the driveway and started to unload all my cleaning goodies into a pile on the floor of his kitchen. Flipping on some lights, I went up the stairs and looked into the hall bathroom and it didn't look so bad. Peering into his home office, I shook my head in disgust, accepting the fact I'd be spending some time in there. Walking into his bedroom, though, I almost totally lost it.
I'd never seen such a mess. The sheets on the bed were tussled up in a ball, there were clothes all over the floor, the drawers of the dresser were half closed – it was a serious mess. Looking into his bathroom, it wasn't horrible, but it wasn't clean, either.
I realized the gravity of the task in front of me. This wasn't a one day job. I'd be lucky to get it done by tomorrow night.
With a grimacing face, I looked around his bedroom. His laundry hamper was overflowing and there was a second pile of clothes next to it, all needing to be washed. So, thinking I could get some laundry going while I started in his kitchen, I picked up the laundry hamper and dumped it out on the middle of the hallway where I'd have some room to sort out the colors and make piles to go into the washer. As I did this, though, that's when I received my first, honest to goodness shock.
There, amongst his clothes were several pairs of panties. At first, I though they were his ex-wife's, but they'd been divorced for over a year and that didn't seem right. Then, leaning down to pick one of the panties up, I realized they were too big to be Emily's. She was very petite and these were much bigger, they couldn't be hers.
Finally, it hit me he must have a girlfriend, and I smiled at the thought he was having a secret romance with some gal, but that thought went away when I looked down and saw a pair of my own underwear in the pile – a pair I thought I'd lost or thrown away. I knew they were mine, there was no doubt about it. I'd bought them in Mexico several years ago on vacation before my divorce. They were slinky, sexy things that I thought my husband would like, and I specifically remember them.
What were my panties doing in Danny's laundry hamper?
I knelt down next to the pile and started sorting through everything, and found several more panties. I found three more that were mine and a few I didn't recognize. His overflow pile was the same – several more pairs of panties and at least one was mine. Before long, I had everything sorted out, and as I looked at what I found, it began to tell a story.
There was one pair of men's boxers, several assorted t-shirts, pants, jeans, socks, shorts and work shirts...... and twelve pairs of panties. Twelve pairs of panties?
"Where's all my son's underwear?" I wondered. The answer to that question became painfully obvious to me once I looked at the panties from his hamper and saw how they were stretched out and had obviously been worn.
I was shaken; completely taken by surprise and unwilling to accept what I was seeing. Unless I was missing something, my son was wearing panties, and not his normal boxers.
I stood up, unwilling to believe the evidence, and went into his bathroom and took the towels and threw them into the hall. Then, I picked up everything off the floor and threw that into the hall, too, including his bed sheets, pillow cases and bed spread. Once everything was off the floor, I looked under the bed and through his drawers for his boxer shorts, hoping to convince myself that Danny wasn't wearing female underwear. For a few minutes, I was encouraged with what I found – a pretty good supply of normal men's clothes in all his drawers, but still, no boxer shorts, and no male briefs.
There were two closets in his bedroom, and opening the one I knew was his, I looked though all his hanging clothes. Everything was normal there, but, when I opened the other closet, the one that used to be Emily's, his wife's, there were no clothes in there at all. There was only what appeared to be an obvious lingerie chest, and shelves filled with plastic bins and DVDs.
With a shaking hand, I reached out to open the lingerie chest, hoping it was empty. But, my hopes were dashed when I found each drawer full of panties, slips, and camisoles – all neatly folded and laid perfectly inside the drawers. I had to hold myself up as I looked in those drawers – seeing some of my old panties I'd gathered up after my divorce, threw in a box and put out in the garage for the trash. Now they were here – in my son's house – in his room..... in his lingerie chest.
Glancing to my right, I saw a clear plastic bin with what looked like more panties, and pulling it down from the shelf, that's when I got another shock. They were my panties, too, but these were my dirty panties – panties I'd worn and hadn't been washed. He must have taken them from my laundry hamper, one at a time, when he was over at my house.
Just looking at them in the bin, I could see the remnants of my natural female secretions on the cotton crotches, and I immediately felt embarrassed and violated. Fishing through them, I found a pair I knew I'd worn just last week and didn't even realize they were gone. He must have taken these in the last few days.
But, the shocks kept coming as I looked through the rest of the bins and found other things that disturbed me. My jaw dropped when I looked through the titles of the DVDs in a bin on the floor of the closet – titles like, "Hot Mother", "Panty Training", "Cum Slut Mommy", and "Momma's Panty Boy." There were more than twenty nasty, filthy DVDs there – all having to do with mothers and sons – all incest related, and every one of them claimed to contain explicit sexual scenes between mothers and sons.
Looking around his room, I saw stack of DVDs on his TV stand – ones I guessed he'd been watching recently, and they were more of the same kind of filth. The one on top was a boxed set of three dirty movies: "Mommy's Panties", disk one, two and three. They were obviously well played, with smudges and fingerprints on the back of each one. Carefully, I picked up the box and read about the disks.
Each disk contained "Two action packed hours of actual mothers and sons playing panty games together." the box said.
"Yeah, right!" I moaned to myself. "That's a load of crap! This is just porn."
Then as I read more, it was clear each DVD contained seven or eight little stories, all lasting between ten and twenty minutes where the mother catches the son wearing her panties, or catches him masturbating with her panties, or dresses him in her panties, or buys him panties – a number of things all having to do with mothers and panties. In total, the box said the three disks contained thirty "Cum soaking, cock stroking stories of mothers and sons guaranteed to keep you hard."
I almost felt sick to my stomach.
Setting the box down on the TV stand, though, I wondered how it came to this. What happened to Danny along the way to make him so fascinated with panties – my panties, and with all this incest pornography? There hadn't been any warning signs, as far as I knew...... and I racked my brain trying to put it all together and sort it out.
For the next three hours, I literally tore apart his bedroom, looking for anything that would help me understand. I went through every one of his drawers, dumping them all out on the bed in case he'd hidden anything in there. I went through every bin, every box, and turned that room inside out looking for clues. I even watched parts from the "Mommy's Panties" disks #3 to see what it was like.
Sitting on his bed, I watched in disgust as the so called 'Mothers' stripped, dressed, bathed, spanked, exposed, humiliated, masturbated and even had sex with their sons. The depravity on the disk was more than I could bear, and more than once, I felt a lump in my throat thinking about my own son watching this stuff, and perhaps enjoying it. I couldn't accept the thought that he might be getting pleasure from it – masturbating himself while he watched it – but, deep in my heart, I knew he probably was.
One of the things I found in his room was very disturbing, and confirmed one of my fears. And, that was: a small collection of my panties, stuck together by what I assumed was his dried semen. I might not be a sexual dynamo, but, I spent twenty years being married and I know what dried sperm looks and feels like. There was no doubt about it, either - these wadded up panties contained his spent sperm. My own son's sperm on my panties!
So, finally realizing and accepting the truth about my son, I sat on the bed in his room in total shock – the worst shock of my life - and the shock that broke me all the way to the core of my being.
I wasn't sure what to do. Should I put it all back like I found it? Just leave and go home? Pretend it never happened?
"Shit!" I grumbled to myself. "There's no way I can get all this back like it was. He's going to know I was here. What am I going to do?"
After several minutes of trying to figure a way out of this mess, I hunched my shoulders and decided I'd just ignore the panties and the pornography, and I'd do exactly what I came over to do - I'd scrub his house, clean his bathrooms, wash his clothes and make everything clean and perfect before he got home..... and, I'd pray he wasn't mad at me.
After all, I didn't have much choice – I couldn't unsee what I'd seen, and, I couldn't unthink what I'd thought. I knew he'd blow his top once he got home from his trip and realized I went through his room – he was a grown man and these were his private things. He was going to be hopping mad with me.
But, I justified my actions to myself because he was my son...... and he was alone now. He didn't have a wife to look after him – he only had me, his mother. And, although he obviously had some kind of sexual problem involving panties and incest, he was still my little boy and I wasn't about to let this, or anything else come between us.
We'd just have to handle it like adults, and I'd simply keep quiet about what I found and pretend it didn't bother me.
I worked late into the night running load, after load, after load of laundry – and I washed everything from his bedroom, except the soiled panties I found in the plastic bin in the closet.
I worked in the kitchen as I did the laundry, first scrubbing the counters and his breakfast table to make room for the laundry to be folded once they were done in the dryer. I washed towels and sheets and the rest of his clothes. I washed everything that could possibly go in the washer, and by the time his kitchen was done and everything was shining, I had numerous piles of things to put away, including well over twenty pairs of panties.
It was close to midnight when I got so tired I had to call it a day. I'd eaten a frozen pizza I found in his freezer for dinner, and, even drank two of his beers while I worked. Deciding I might as well stay the night and finish the rest in the morning, I made my way upstairs to his bedroom, put some clean sheets on his bed, and then went into his bathroom to take a shower because I was horribly sweaty and stinky. My knees were hurting from being on my hands and knees, scrubbing the marks off his kitchen floor, and I was completely worn out. All I wanted was a hot shower and some sleep.
All day, as I worked, I'd been thinking about what I'd found in his room – all the panties, his dried sperm and the incest pornography, and what I'd say to him when he realized I knew about his problem. I shrugged it all off as I reached in to turn the water on in the shower, letting the hot water run before I got in.
Stripping my clothes off, I looked at myself in the mirror. Thankfully, the years had been kind to me. My breasts weren't that bad – a little sag, but not bad for a woman in her 40's who's had two children, I thought. I tried to take care of myself, and with the exception of the overgrown patch of pubic hair emanating from my crotch, I didn't look that bad.
Stepping into the shower and hoping to just relax and let the hot water beat down on me, I was treated to one more horrific shock. There on the wall of the shower was a realistic looking silicone penis, stuck to the shower wall by a suction cup.
It stuck out lewdly from the wall, as if the shower itself sprouted an erection. It looked ominous; almost a perfect replica of a man's erection with its life like head and veins running up the side. My heart took a dive as I looked at it and considered why it might be in his shower, and then I came to the only possible conclusion – he was using it as a toy...... he was impaling himself on it in the shower, sticking it up his...... oh, please no.
I tried to turn my attention away from the thing, but, I couldn't. I adjusted the shower head and started to wash myself, but, I kept staring at it, unable to shake the idea of my son backing up against the silicone penis and pushing his butt down on it. I wasn't naïve about anal sex; after all, I was married for twenty years and I read in magazines about men being quite sensitive inside their butts. But, I couldn't believe Danny would be humping himself in the shower with this thing. However, once I saw the squirt bottle of 'Personal Lubricant' and the bottle of antibacterial soap next to his shampoo, I realized it was probably true. Danny put this here for a reason and it was obvious to me what the reason was.
Turning into the water and letting it run down my face and chest, I suddenly reached a point of saturation. In the space of an instant, I realized that what ever he was doing, what ever hangs ups he had, whatever kinks and fetishes he enjoyed – none of that changed the fact that he was my son. It was unfortunate that I knew these things about him now, but it wasn't going to make me reject him, and I wasn't going to stop loving him. I'd just have to deal with it, and accept it. I wasn't going to be one of those parents that ostracized their child over things they did. He was my son and I loved him. That's what was most important.
I was happy with the knowledge he had antibacterial soap and lubricant in the shower. At least he was keeping the toy clean, I hoped, and was using the lubricant so he wouldn't hurt himself. And, as I stood there with the water beating down on me looking at this silicone penis sticking out from the wall, I found myself oddly turning my body and inching up close to it, watching over my shoulder as my butt got closer and closer to the thing.
"Uh huh." I said to myself when I felt the tip graze my butt. "It's the right height." Then moving just a little to the side and getting up on toes, I felt it nudge my vagina.
"No!" My mind screamed. "It was in my son's butt...... his ass. I can't do this!"
Stepping away from the thing, I turned to look at it again. I couldn't deny my own curiosity and I reached out to touch it, tentatively – feeling how secure it was stuck on the wall. Then tugging on it with a little more force, it popped loosed and I stood there mortified to be holding this 'Cock' in my hand..... a cock that had been up my son's butt.
Quickly, I reached for the antibacterial soap to wash the damn thing – coating the cock with more soap than I needed - washing it thoroughly..... making sure it was debunked of anything...... anything that was left on there during it's last use. I soaped it up well, and when I realized I was running my hand up and down the cock, soaping the shaft, I suddenly saw what I was doing and gasped. It was like I was giving the cock a hand job!
I should have just dropped it, or stuck it back on the wall, but I couldn't. I washed it from end to end, even running my fingertips around the head and over the veins along the shaft. With the exception of the firmness, it was pretty close to the size and feel of the real thing, and as I found myself skimming my hands up and down it's length, my mind went back to when I used to touch my husband like this – how I used to handle his penis when it was hard, and how I used to give him a hand job from time to time.
"Shit!" I gasped. "I'm jacking it off!"
I knew I should have just put the damn thing away, but I couldn't put it down and after all the months of being alone, and not having sex or even masturbating, it got the best of me. Before I knew it, I was rubbing the tip between my legs....... and my feet were spreading and then it was at the opening to my vagina...... and the next thing I knew, I was starting to push it up into me.
Almost as if I'd turned into a different person, I reached for the lube and squirted a glob into my hand, slathered it on the cock and then wiped some inside my pussy lips. "I'm going to do this." I said to myself, breathing hard and excited at the thought of having something inside me after so long. "I'm going to push this thing inside me."
And I did. My pussy gave way and the silicone cock went in easily, filling my vagina in a way that brought fond memories to my mind. And holding it there, up in me as far as I could get it, I squeezed my legs together and just stood there enjoying the feeling of finally having something in my pussy again.
After a minute, I turned the shower head toward the wall and began to move the cock in and out of my pussy, bending over to watch it glide into me. Another second later, my free hand was touching my clitoris and before I knew it, I was shoving that thing into me violently, masturbating myself and getting closer and closer to a much overdue orgasm.
I couldn't get the thought that this toy...... this cock, had been inside my son - inside his butt.... and it was now in my pussy..... his mother's pussy. But, it felt so good to have something in me. It felt so good to feel something thrusting into me and even though I knew it nasty and perverted, I kept it up, inching closer and closer to orgasm.
When my climax over took me, it was so strong, I fell against the wall of the shower, holding myself up so I wouldn't fall to the floor. The cock abruptly fell out of me amidst my shaking, and as I lie there panting with my face against the tiled wall, wave after wave of sensations came over me. It didn't matter to me anymore that I'd used my son's toy to pleasure myself, or, that I'd used the toy that had been in my own son's ass to fuck myself – none of that seemed important. I was totally in rapture with the feelings coming from my pussy and from finally having some sexual satisfaction.
After a few minutes, I recovered enough to turn the shower head back toward me. Thinking that I needed to finish my shower and get the hell out of there, I reached down to the cock, picked it up and washed it off again with the antibacterial soap. While I was washing it, the same thoughts began to consume me while my hand stroked the magnificent toy. But, this time, my thoughts were more disturbing, and each time my hand went up and down the cock, I began to wonder how it would feel inside my....... inside my...... inside my butt.
I was lost to my wanting and the curiousness that invaded my brain. I watched in silence as my hand reached for the lubricant again and squeezed out a sizeable dollop and coated the cock. Then, knowing I was destined to experience exactly what my son experienced, I squeezed out some more lube, reached around between my butt cheeks and carefully pushed my finger into my butt and then repeated it several more times to move more lube inside my ass.
Before I could change my mind, I slammed the suction cupped end of the cock against the shower wall and turned myself around and wiggled up against it. Then grasping the silicone shaft and bending over, I felt for my hole and slowly began to push back on it.
In the twenty years I was married, my husband and I had anal sex a handful of times. I didn't necessarily enjoy it that much, and I think he knew it, but I'd done it because I knew he'd like it. I knew what to do here, and when I got the cock in place against my opening, I bared down and pushed back until the head of the cock pushed past my tight ring.
"Oh!" I gasped, as the head slipped into me. It didn't hurt, but, I instantly remembered how it felt to be stretched open like that. I rested for a few seconds to get used to its girth being in me, and then I pushed back on it a little more...... then a little more...... and a little more until it was all the way in me.
Pulling forward just a smidge, I pushed back on it again trying to see if it was going to hurt me. When it didn't, I did the same thing again and kept doing it until I was moving my hips up and back with the cock sliding into me as though it was fucking me. For a second, I wondered if this was the way Danny did it...... was this the way he fucked himself with the cock?
Then, as if I was some kind of two-bit whore, I bent over and put my fingers between my legs and began rubbing my clitoris. With each push of my hips, the cock fucked me in time with the action from my fingers, and just as before, I had a thundering orgasm that racked my body and eventually sent me to my knees.
I can't express the sensations and feelings that I felt. In the matter of a few minutes, I'd had two wonderful orgasms – better than any I ever got from my husband. I felt spent – totally exhausted and satisfied in a way I couldn't explain. Part of it, I'm sure, was the knowledge I'd used Danny's toy...... Danny's cock...... to fuck myself – and not just in my pussy, but in my ass, too. The feeling of being so naughty and so nasty was delicious, and I didn't regret what I'd done for one instant.
I didn't have the strength for anything else – not even to continue my shower. So, with the last bit of energy I had, I stood up in the water, rinsed myself down and turned the water off. Opening the doors and reaching for a towel, I did an absolutely terrible job of drying my body, then wrapped a towel around my hair and without bothering to put one stitch of clothes on, I fell across Danny's bed in total exhaustion.
I didn't know an orgasm could be that strong, or feel that good, or devour me in a way those two orgasms devoured me. I was literally drained of every ounce of strength in my body, but, lying there in the afterglow of those humongous orgasms, I wanted more. I just didn't have the energy to get back in the shower and fuck myself with my son's cock again.
Once I'd rested for several minutes, I dried my hair and picked up my clothes from the bathroom floor. In doing so, I held up the underwear I'd been wearing and briefly wondered if these were the kind of panties my son would want. I'm sure they weren't dainty and fresh – I'd worn them all day, been on my hands and knees scrubbing his kitchen floor and I was a sweaty mess when I took them off. I should have let the thought go, but something made me bring the panties to my face and I gave them a little sniff.
Surprisingly, they weren't that bad. I half expected to find them revolting and reeking of sweat, but they weren't. Instead, they smelled like me. When I opened them up to look inside, there was a clear smudge on the crotch panel and I imagined for a moment how my son would feel having these panties in his hands right now – this soon after I took them off. Would they turn him on?
Shaking the thought out of my head, I tossed the panties on the floor next to the bed. I decided to turn his TV on and check the cable news and weather before I went to sleep. The weather was boring, and the news was all crap, and I was just about to turn off the TV when I saw the porno DVDs laying on top of Danny's TV – the "Mommy's Panties" box set.
"I wonder what's so interesting about these?" I thought.
Then, deciding there was no harm in seeing one for myself, I selected the number 1 disk and put it in the DVD player. The intro and the previews were trash – absolutely sick filth that I couldn't believe anyone would want to see, much less pay for. But after that, the disk menu came up with a listing of all the individual vignettes and I studied the screen to pick one out.
Remarkably, the first segment was titled "Interview with a Panty Mom" and figuring this would probably be less gagging than the rest of the DVD, I selected that chapter and hit the play button.
I would have guessed the actress playing the mother would have been a porno actress – some young thing with oversized, fake boobs, but, I was wrong. The setting was like a conference room and the woman was probably about my age. She wasn't overly beautiful and she wasn't stacked, and, she didn't look like a slut. More than anything, she looked like someone I'd see at the grocery store.
There was a younger woman who was interviewing her from across the table, supposedly a sexologist and therapy counselor, with a lot of important sounding abbreviations behind her name. She obviously wasn't a porno actress, either, and as the interview started, I settled back to watch it.
It began with the basic demographic outline of the mother and her son; their ages, the region of the country where they lived, and family information. She was a working single mom, only had one child – the son – and she seemed well spoken and astonishingly at ease. I had my doubts if this was a legitimate interview or not, but a few minutes into it, it appeared to be, so I kept watching.
The interviewer asked questions and the mother gave her answers. The mother seemed calm, even though I could detect some embarrassment in her face when she explained how she first found out her son had a panty fetish. As the interview went on, the sexologist explained in therapeutic terms what a panty fetish was, and supported it with facts from the Kinsey study and other documents.
The mother, without batting an eye, told her son's story – how she'd come home from work early one day and found her teenaged son lying on his bed, masturbating with a pair of her panties around his penis and another pair draped across his face. His eyes were shielded by her panties, and so not seeing her, he continued merrily along while she stood in the hallway outside his room and watched everything. She recounted how he kept saying "Mommy" and jerked his penis while he sniffed her worn panties for a solid ten minutes until he ejaculated violently, spewing his semen all over his chest.
The interviewer interrupted a few times to explain it wasn't unusual for sons to be sexually attracted to their mothers, and, there were historical cases of men and boys infatuated with women's undergarments long before the 1900's. "In fact," the sexologist said, "the male's first experience with the female scent is from the mother's clothes and it seems understandable that a boy, a young man, or even an adult male would find interest in women's underwear, especially his mother's underwear. For some males," she added, "it could be a fundamental part of their basic needs – just like food, water and shelter. Many times we forget that the mother is the main caregiver during childhood, and for many males, they become reliant on their mothers to deliver those basic needs. When puberty hits, it can frequently be the mother that is the focus of a young man's natural desires. To him," the interviewer continued, "it's perfectly normal to be attracted to his mother sexually, and to her underwear because of her natural scent."
I paused the DVD and ran it all the way back to the beginning of the interview and watched it again up to there. As crazy as it sounded, it sort of made sense to me and once I put it in perspective with my son, Danny, and the way he was always around me as a child and the way he clung to me and never ventured too far...... well, what the sexologist was saying held water in my book.
I started the DVD again and watched the rest, hearing the mother in her own words tell how she tried in vain to discuss what she saw with her son, and how he became combative and avoided her for days, refusing to even eat or be in the same room with her. Tears ran down her face as she told how he'd leave early in the morning and come home late so he wouldn't have to see her. Finally in desperation, in order to salvage the relationship with her son, she tried something radical.
I was riveted to this woman's story as she explained how she began to leave her panties on his bed each day. She'd leave them in plain sight – lying right on top of his pillow, laid out with the crotch panel up. These were the panties she'd worn, obviously being careful she didn't leave anything with skid marks or accidents. But, apparently it worked.
After five days, she approached him again and asked if they could talk. He reluctantly, but calmly agreed. Then carefully, she asked non-threatening questions about his sexual experiences and interest in girls. As she went along, she told him she wasn't mad at him, that she loved him, and assured him that masturbation was a normal human activity. She was surprised at the way he opened up to her, and with this same non-threatening method, she asked him about her panties.
"What happened next," the woman said, "was an outpouring of feelings and confessions from my son. I learned that he had been sexually attracted to me for years...... from the time he hit puberty."
She went on giving details of their conversation and how she began to lovingly accommodate his needs – not only giving him her panties, but, allowing him to see her in her underwear and eventually, letting him see her naked. She provided him with his own panties, as well as sharing her own panties with him.
Sometimes, at his request, she would even dress him. She'd have him begin naked - then she'd take him by the hand to either his room, or hers, and have him try on panties until she was satisfied with the way he looked. To him, it was very satisfying, and to her, it was almost a bonding experience. I was touched at the sentiment in her voice as she explained it and how it made her feel needed and wanted.
A little further into the interview, the mother talked frankly about her son's masturbation. She allowed him the freedom to masturbate with her panties anytime it was necessary. Frequently, she would watch him do it, and then with her face blushing, she said she sometimes 'helped' him, and, sometimes masturbated herself at the same time.
I watched the rest of the segment and then restarted it back to the very beginning and watched it all over again. Honestly, I don't think the interview was contrived, faked or set up. The interviewer maintained her professionalism, and I believe what she said during her commentaries made sense. I really felt the mother was believable, too - especially when she cried – I could feel the anguish in her voice, and the apparent shaking of her hands as she talked was very convincing.
When the first segment was over, the DVD automatically started the second segment. It started with a close up of a young man's face with a pair of panties plastered against his nose. As the camera pulled back, I could see that a woman, supposedly his mother, was standing next to him holding the panties to his face. Then the camera pulled back some more and I could see the young man was naked, and he was stroking his penis.
As the dialogue began, she was saying, "Come on baby.... smell Mommy's panties and stroke your, big, hard cock."
I burst out laughing, thinking those were probably the last words in the world any mother would say to her son. And this kid, her 'son' as it was, was almost laughable. He had a monster size penis. It was huge! I'd never in my life seen a penis of that size. It was probably at least a foot long, and as thick as my wrist. I cringed at the thought of having to take something like that between my legs, and the more I looked at the kid, the more I saw him as being deformed.
This segment was a load of blatant bullshit, and I knew it, but I watched it to see what my son had been looking at. "Tell me when you're gonna blow, baby." The mother said. "Let mommy suck your big cock and swallow all your cum."
Oh, brother!
The next segment showed a mother with an obviously very submissive son. She was giving him a bath and admonishing him for touching himself in the bath water. As he stood, I could see the actor's penis. He was completely shaved – absolutely hairless, and his penis was extremely small, but very erect. She berated him as he stood in front of her, telling him he was such a 'Little Boy', emphasizing the word 'little'. He was acting shy, even blushing as she continued to humiliate the young man, but all the while, he was hard and erect. She fingered his hard penis, flicked it back and forth and made fun of him. When she pulled him out of the bath, she dried him and put baby power on his crotch and then she gave the poor boy a hand job and dressed him in these cute ruffled, baby style panties.
The next segment was very hard core, with a young man dressed in feminine, pink panties bent over in between the legs of an older woman (his mother) licking, sucking and kissing her panties. As the segment proceeded, she pulled her panties aside, he pulled his aside, and they had sex together – both in their panties. When he climaxed, she made him lick her clean down there, which the young man seemed to enjoy.
The following segments were weird. One dealt with a young man being punished for soiling his mother's favorite panties. The story line was so hokey and unbelievable, I could barely watch it. The next one was more interesting, though – showing a family gathering where the mother announced to the family in attendance that the son was to be punished..... spanked in front of the family for stealing and wearing her panties. So, in front of his 'family', he was forced to strip down to his frilly panties and show himself to the group with his mother's panties on. The girls in attendance, I guess his sisters, snickered and giggled at him as he grew hard and tented out the panties he was wearing. And then, in short order, he was stripped naked to display his shaved pubic area and then he was spanked in the most humiliating position that you can imagine.
The last segment was very intense and actually kept my attention all the way through. The plot had an older woman, and a twenty something looking girl, sitting across a kitchen table from a young, almost teenage looking boy. I'm sure the actors were at least 18, but this kid sure looked and acted like he was younger than that.
"Stand up, Son." The older woman said softly.
Once the young kid stood up, she calmly told him to unbuckle his pants and take them off. The camera zoomed in to show the pain and humiliation on the kid's face, but without arguing, he did it.
"Look at your brother." The woman said to the girl. "He's wearing your panties and he's been doing it for a long time." After some back and forth between the mother and the sister, the mother asked her, "What do you think we should do about it?"
As the segment continued, the girl and her mother teased him, touched him, and his mother eventually reached out and lowered her son's panties to his knees. They both continued to touch him, stroking his penis and giving him an erection. This actor was shaved, too – and I realized it was a common theme in this DVD – most of the actors, both male and female, were all hairless.
But, under the mother's direction, the boy was told to stroke himself as punishment in front of his sister. I could see the angst in the actor's face as he shyly took hold of his erection and began to masturbate. The young girl, his sister, moved closer and bent down to watch her brother stroke his hairless cock. When he couldn't climax, the mother suggested he might need some encouragement, and in the next few seconds, both the mother and the sister took all their clothes off. Again, both females were shaved.
Soon, the mother positioned the girl on the table with her legs splayed open and then had the boy look at his naked sister while she, the mother, used her hand on the boy.
All three actors in this segment were attractive, and the way it was filmed and portrayed was very sexy and exciting. There was just something about the calm demeanor of the mother, and the way the shy boy reacted to her instructions that made this segment good.
About half way through the segment, I couldn't deny my interest in it, nor the wetness that was gathering between my legs. Before it was over, my fingers found their way between my hairy lips and I was touching myself shamelessly, just like I'd done in the shower. I watched the action with baited breath as I fingered my clitoris and dipped my fingers into my lubricated pussy. With each line of dialogue, my excitement grew and I rooted for the girl and the mother as they gently guided the kid to his eventual climax, spurting long streams of cum all over his sister's legs, groin and chest.
When he finished spraying his semen all over the girl, they still weren't done with him. The woman used the sister's panties to wipe up his cum, and then told the young boy to lick them clean. I groaned to myself as I watched the boy bring the messy panties to his face and then lick his semen from the flimsy material.
"Look mother!" The young girl exclaimed. "He's getting hard again!"
It was true. When the camera panned back, the young kid had another erection!
The rest was intriguing, too, with the mother and the daughter taking turns sucking the young man's cock. But, what really caught my interest was when the mother bent over the table, with her butt end stuck out, as she told her daughter to guide her son's cock into her pussy.
The conversation between the actors was hot, but it wasn't filthy. And, my fingers went into high speed as I watched the boy hump his mother's pussy. The close-ups were amazingly clear and perfectly shot. The way his cock moved in and out of his mother's pussy was magical and as I got closer and closer to my own climax, the mother was moaning with pleasure. What sent me over the edge was when the young man was ready to cum, the sister wrapped her hand around the kid's penis and yanked him until he shot his sperm all over the mother's back.
I shoved my fingers deep into my pussy and attacked my clit with my other hand. Writhing on my son's bed, I watched the scene on the screen as my orgasm rolled over me like a locomotive, sending strong waves of stinging pleasure through my body and causing me to do something I hadn't done in a long, long time...... leaking a profuse amount of my female juices on the fresh sheets I'd just put on my son's bed.
I lay gasping for breath as my orgasm overwhelmed me and took me to a place I'd never been before. I was in total bliss, completely unaware of everything except the erotic action on the screen in front of me. I lost track of everything else except what I was feeling, and as my orgasm started to subside, my arms and legs went limp, and I laid there helpless to do anything besides breath.
As the DVD finished, I closed my eyes and let myself rest. It wasn't long before my mind began to think about my day at my son's house, and what I'd discovered about his obvious panty and incest fetish. My initial disgust with finding several pairs of my panties, including some recently worn pairs, had given way to a level of excitement that caused me to use his toy in the shower, watch his DVDs and masturbate myself while lying on his own bed. In as much as I should have been totally disgusted with what I found in Danny's bedroom, I had to admit that wasn't the case now. And as I rested there, I came to grips with the fact that not only was I sexually excited about my son's interest in my panties, I was beginning to be interested in promoting it further.
I slept soundly until about seven the next morning. Sleeping naked in my son's bed was a wicked thing to do, and when I awoke and thought about it, I wondered how he'd feel about his mother watching his DVDs, masturbating and sleeping in his bed.
When I got out of his bed, habit forced me to reach down to pull the sheets up and make the bed properly. But, as I did, I saw the stain in the middle of the sheets where my vaginal juices poured out of me last night during my tumultuous orgasm. Looking at the stain, I briefly considered ripping the sheets off his bed and washing them again, but something stopped me. Maybe I'd want him see the stain. Maybe I'd want him to smell my smell on his sheets. Maybe that would turn him on - smelling my scent on the sheets next to him when we went to bed.
And, without another thought, I straightened out the sheets, adjusted the pillows and pulled the bedspread into place and smoothed it out. I wasn't completely comfortable with my decision to leave the sheets in place, but, I reflected back to the first segment on the DVD and what the sexologist said about the 'scent of the mother', and I figured if my son got some comfort, or, pleasure from my natural smell, then letting him have it was a cheap price to pay for the way I invaded his private life. Maybe he wouldn't be so mad at me.
I decided I'd forego wearing a bra – there wasn't going to be anyone here but me. I was smart enough to bring a t-shirt and a pair of shorts from home when I loaded my car with cleaning supplies. Unfortunately, in my haste to get what I needed from my house, I forgot to get some underwear.
"Well," I said to myself, sarcastically, "no problem with that here. I'll just get one of the pairs I washed yesterday...... one of my own."
So, I marched down stairs and stood in the kitchen looking over the piles of clothes I washed yesterday. I went through the stack of panties and found a pair I knew was mine and slipped them on and went back to his bedroom and put on a t-shirt. I was ready to attack the rest of the house now.
I started in his bathroom, took everything off the counters and off the floor and scrubbed everything. I took his cock toy out of the shower and put it in the dishwasher, along with the other dishes, and started it up. Then, I started the arduous task of scouring out his shower. When it was done, I hung up fresh towels, put everything back on the vanity, organized his cabinets under his sink and then turned my attention to his other bathroom.
I vacuumed all the carpets and dusted every room. About noon, I stopped to pee and take a rest. Finding nothing else to drink, except water, I cracked open another one of his beers and picked up my cell phone to call my son. I just wanted to check on his travel plans. I didn't want him to come back early and find me there still cleaning.
He seemed happy to hear from me. I don't normally call him when he's out of town, but I told him I was wondering if he needed a ride home from the airport. Of course, I knew his car was there, but it was the only reason I could come up with to see when he was coming back.
"I won't be in until 10:52 tonight, mom." He chuckled. "And my car is there, so I'll be fine."
That's all I wanted to know. And if his plane didn't get in until almost 11, that meant he wouldn't get to his house until at least midnight.
"What are you going to do about dinner?" I asked.
"I'll just have something when I get home." He replied. Yeah, right. I knew there was nothing here to eat. Well, maybe the frozen pizza I ate yesterday, but barring that, I knew he didn't have anything.
"Okay." I said, holding back a laugh. Then, I said something I never expected to say.
"Would you like to have lunch with me on Friday?" I asked. "Do you have to work?"
"No, I'm off." He answered. "My plane is coming in so late, I'm just going to take the day off."
"Well, then," I continued, "do you want to come over for lunch..... say about noon?"
"Sure, yeah.... Okay." He said.
"Danny," I said, in my best motherly tone, "now promise me you'll be there and you won't forget. I don't want to make a nice meal for us if you're not going to come."
"Mom," he said, laughing, "I'll be there, and I'll be on time. I promise."
"Honey," I replied, "I'm counting on this. There's something I want to talk to you about and I don't want to be stood up for lunch."
"Mother," Danny said, "is there something wrong? Are you okay?"
"Yes, of course," I answered, "I just want to run something by you..... you know, get your take on something. But it can wait until tomorrow if you promise you'll be there – no matter what else comes up."
"Yes, Mother!" He said, laughing into the phone. "I'll be there. Even if the flight is diverted and I have to walk hundreds of miles....... I'll be there at noon. I promise."
"Good." I said, smiling to myself. "Besides, it's been a while since we had lunch together. You can spend the night in your old room if you want to stay."
We said goodbye shortly after that, and then I thought about what I'd done. Whatever possessed me to invite him over tomorrow? Well, I knew damn well why I'd done it. I knew I was going to have to apologize for going through all his stuff – all his personal stuff, and I was hoping that the sooner I did it, the quicker it would be over. I didn't have any ulterior motives, I just wanted to make sure he'd let me apologize and explain.
I went back to my house cleaning and went from room to room finishing everything that needed to be done. About 4:00 PM, I put on a bra and my shorts and went grocery shopping for him. I was back by 5 and the only thing left to do was to finish in his bedroom. Since I knew there was no way I could get all the clothes and panties put back exactly the way they were, I decided to organize his drawers and his closets my way. So, lugging up the piles of clean clothes from the kitchen, I laid everything out on the bed, and pulled open all his drawers.
I made the decision to use his lingerie chest the way it was intended to be used. So, very methodically, I sorted out everything that could be considered lingerie, with the exception of my dirty panties, which I left in the plastic bin.
I separated all the panties first by type, then by color. I folded each one like I fold my own, and carefully arranged each drawer so the panties overlapped. This way, when he opened each drawer, he'd be able to see the material, type and color of each panty.
I put his normal clothes in his dresser, and in his closet, refolding and re-hanging everything so it all looked great. I gathered up all his DVDs and arranged them alphabetically on the shelf and I went through each of his plastic bins and found a place for everything. All of his pornography, lingerie and nasty stuff was in his ex-wife's closet, and all his normal clothes were in his drawers and in his own closet. By the time I was done, I was extremely proud of what I'd done and everything looked picture perfect.
When it got to be 8:00 PM, I made him one of his favorite dinners, Beef Stroganoff, and put it in his refrigerator so he could warm it up in the microwave when he got home. By the time I finished his dinner and had cleaned the kitchen again, it was almost 9:30 and finding nothing more to do, I reached into the dishwasher and took out his toy cock and took it back upstairs to his bathroom. Not wanting to stick it back on the shower wall, I found a clean hand towel and laid it out on the vanity in his bathroom and simply set the cock down there. He'd figure it out.
I went back down to the kitchen, found some note paper and started to write him a note. By the time I was done, it was two pages. I began by telling him what I'd done in the kitchen and how I arranged his cabinets. I mentioned that I'd done his grocery shopping and there was dinner for him in the refrigerator. I explained what I did in each of the other rooms, except his bedroom, and tried my best to explain where I put things. All that took the full two pages and when I was done with it, I signed it, "Mom", and I set it on the counter where I knew he'd see it as soon as he came in.
Then, I started a second note which I would put in an envelope and leave on top of his bed.
"My Dearest Danny," I began, "I'm sure by the time you read this note you'll be seething mad at me, but, I hope you'll let me explain before you disown me and curse me until the day I die."
I took great pains to be clear in my note. I told him it wasn't my initial intention to snoop in his stuff and invade his privacy. I explained how I found his house in disarray and thought it would be nice to surprise him by cleaning it up while he was gone. I begged him not to be embarrassed, feel humiliated, or be mad at me. I told him how much I loved him, and added there was nothing I either saw, or found, that changed any of that.
I went into detail about how I washed his panties and rearranged his room. I explained what I did with his lingerie chest, and I made sure I didn't use any words that made it seem like I was condemning him, or finding fault. I told him I knew he was an adult, and he didn't need to explain or justify anything to me. I poured my heart out to my son – telling him I understood how hard it was to be alone – without anyone, and I told him I was sorry for discovering his DVDs and all the panties, but, I hoped we could both be adult enough to get beyond it, and not let it affect us. I spoke from my heart - as clear and as precise as I could.
The hardest part for me to write concerned the plastic bin that contained several pairs of my worn panties, which he obviously stole from my own laundry hamper at home. I sat and thought about it for a long time before I wrote that part, and, just when I was about to start writing, I decided to make a peace offering...... so to speak...... hoping it would help smooth things over.
I took the panties I'd worn yesterday, and put them in the bin along with the ones he'd taken from me. I'd gotten the idea from the DVD I watched – the interview with the mother and how she said she gave her son her panties, and how it was the turning point between them. So, hoping it would be a meaningful gesture to my son, I did the same, leaving him my panties and knowing..... maybe even hoping, he might use them the next time he masturbated.
And so, I began to write......
"Lastly, I want you to know I'm not upset with you for taking my panties. If anything, it flatters me to know a woman of my age can still interest a man. You'll never know how much that does for my ego, Danny.
So, Son, I don't want you to be embarrassed or feel awkward about anything. And, if you can forgive me for the way I snooped in your room and invaded your privacy, I'll forgive you for taking my panties. I've even placed a new pair in the plastic bin for you – the ones I wore yesterday while I cleaned your house. They are yours to keep now, and you don't need to return any of them. All I ask is that you think about everything I've said in this note, and forgive me the same way I've already forgiven you.
I love you, son. Please don't ever forget that.
Love, Mom.
PS, I slept in your bed last night after I changed the sheets. I took a shower before I went to bed, so they should still be fresh. Sleep well, and I'll see you for lunch tomorrow. Don't forget you promised me you'd be there.
PPS, I had to borrow a pair of your panties to wear home. I'll give them back to you tomorrow and you can throw them in your wash when ever you get around to it, or, put them in the bin with the others. They are yours, so do with them what you want."
I read the note back from the beginning, and I felt good that I hadn't been mean or cruel in anything I said. Hopefully, the last part would help him get over his anger and he'd find it in his heart to forgive me.
I had to admit to myself that despite my initial disgust with what I found in his bedroom, my interest in my son's panty fetish and his incestuous interests, had peaked my curiosity and every moment brought me closer and closer to a point where I knew I'd admit to myself, and to him, that I wanted to explore it with him – just like in the DVD I watched. It was a shameful thing to face, I knew that – but, there was a part of me very willing to go down this path, and I knew that with a little urging, and with the right signals from my son, I'd willingly do it. And silently, I prayed he'd go down the path with me.
To be continued.