Ariel Chronicles:
The London connection. Cougar of Soho.
It's normally good practice to start your story at the beginning but this tale must start in the present, then we'll systematically work back, finally revealing how I arrived at where I am.
I will provide a short synopsis of my past to give you the reader an insight into where I am and will clarify in much greater detail in future chapters.
I have an almost insatiable sex drive.
My name basically sums up my chosen lifestyle, Ariel Dark. I recently turned forty years old, which no one believes due to my very smooth tight skin. My hair has been recoloured recently, just before I arrived in London and is a deep crimson shade. My Latino looks along with my crimson hair gets me a lot of attention.
My marriage collapsed due to my high libido. My husband discovered that I was working as a sex worker, performing sordid sexual acts with total strangers, helping to quench my carnal desires and bring in a substantial income from my undoubted sexual skills.
Most sex workers tolerate their profession and accept their chosen career.
For me it was more than a job, it was an obsession.
I loved sex in all of its forms. From the normal vanilla lovemaking kind to the overt, kinky, wild and non conformist kind.
Latex, Leather, PVC weren't unusual or uncommon to me. They were an accepted and wanted alternative. I had accrued an extravagant collection of sex clothing and an even greater collection of sex toys and appliances, all with the intention of giving and receiving exquisite sexual pleasure.
With few exceptions (Scat, Animals, Scarring and one or two other deviant sexual acts) I was open to just about any sexual activity. I'd performed as an exotic dancer, a window girl in Amsterdam, a high class night club escort in Hamburg and was on many occasions the main attraction in some of Europes elite underground sex clubs. I've enjoyed the pleasures of a woman on many occasions but there is no avoiding how much I love a hard cock.
The look, the feel, the texture, the excitement that a hard cock gives me, is almost orgasmic at just the thought of it.
I have been blessed with a slender but curvy body. My waist is very narrow and trim after many years of waist training and corset training. My breasts are 34EE surgically enhanced and extremely erogenous. My hips and ass are what appears to be the benchmark for cosmetic surgery these days, but due to good genetics, I already possess these gifts.
I'm not particularly tall, more demure in stature and most men love the petite presence accompanied by my raw sexual curvature. These curves and my outrageous hair colour, ensure I am never short of male attention.
I was in great demand in the underground sex clubs of Hamburg and Amsterdam. Most of the club owners would place me front of house in my erotic lingerie, teasing and enticing customers which I gleefully performed, ensuring every cock that was within touching distance or even better, sucking distance, would end up rock solid, ready to enjoy the delights of the illicit sex scene of that evenings particular fetish.
As an ardent exhibitionist, I always dress to please, not just men but to please myself. Tight revealing clothing is the only option I adhere to.
Micro mini skirts, Tight Leather bodices or Corsets, will adorn my body most days. Outrageously high heeled shoes or leg hugging thigh length boots will be my preferred footwear choices not just for sex but for everyday wear.
I love to show my curvaceous sexy figure off whenever possible and since my arrival in London, I have confirmation that Englishman are no different to the rest of the world, as I've not been short on male attention.
I love the nightclubs of Soho and there are plenty of Fetish and Swinger clubs in and around Soho to help keep my large libido well fed.
Since I arrived in London, I had managed to secure a teaching assistant post in the Language department of a South London community college, teaching 18 year olds the finer points of European languages. Speaking five languages fluently helped me secure this position and I must say I loved my educational role, influencing the minds of young adults. I dressed down compared to my normal attire but my clothes were still quite skintight, revealing my ample curves to all and sundry, grabbing the attention of some of the hormonal addled young males, not to mention some of the male members of the teaching staff.
With the advent of the internet and social media, I thought I had covered the tracks of my previous life effectively, but there is no accounting for the detective skills of sexually aroused adolescents.
I was taking a class of young men one evening, pointing out the grammatical correctness of Technical German one evening. Moving from student to student, to hear them read the text out loud, when I found myself at the back of the class overlooking the textbook of a rather handsome black student.
He was reading the sentence from his book, word perfect, when he slid his hand confidently on the back of my right leg. I was wearing a very tight black mini dress as I would be dancing in Soho straight after the class, and was somewhat stunned at his forward behaviour. My tanned taut legs were bare and parted slightly, so I could stand comfortable overlooking his work. My black high heeled shoes were firmly planted on the floor, when his firm, strong hand, slid further up my leg and cupped my curvaceous firm buttock. I was about to slap his hand away when he placed his phone on his desk.
A photograph of me from one of the underground sex clubs appeared on his screen.
I was sucking a huge cock, my cock-sucking lips gliding along the firm shaft, looking into the lens of the camera.
I looked at the photograph with a mixture of shock and arousal. I was frozen to the spot, staring at the photograph, as his hand moved between the crack of my ass and discovered I wasn't wearing panties. His eyes widened at his sexual discovery
My mind raced with various visions of what possibly lay ahead.
It seemed to me that my young student was sexually blackmailing me.
As repulsive as that was, I can't believe how spectacularly arousing it felt.
His strong black fingers stroked my smooth shaven slit, causing me to moan quietly, as his fingers caressed the lips of my pussy. My nipples became instantly erect at his delicate touch, as the tip of his middle finger separated my pussy lips and eased inside my very wet cunt. The other four guys in the class all turned around to follow the sound of my squelching pussy. My jacket was open as I squeezed my huge firm breasts, looking at the remainder of the class as my student finger fucked my pussy. One of the guys got up from his desk and locked the classroom door.
My mind told me to bring a halt to this immediately, but my inner slut overpowered that thought and forced me to let the guy continue. His finger pushed deeper inside my pussy as he moved off his chair. Bending me over the desk, he pushed the tip of his large black finger to the front wall of my pussy. Pushing forcefully on the spongy flesh of my pussy, he began to move his finger rapidly. His finger was almost a blur as my pussy squelched noisily, pussy juice flowing freely as the young black man pleasured my cunt.
My eyes were closed and my mouth open, as my breathing became somewhat erratic.
I felt two strong hands squeeze my full firm, braless huge breasts.
I opened my eyes to see a well built young white guy, squeezing my huge breasts. I rolled my eyes with lust and excitement as my breathing became more erratic. These boys were more experienced than I thought.
The young black guy continued finger blasting my pussy and confidently invited a third member of my class to join in.
"Come over here and finger this sluts asshole!" He said, almost sneering as he said so.
The guy squeezing my breasts, removed his hands and unzipped his jeans. A huge uncircumcised cock, sprang from his jeans. Long, thick and a pinky white.
The veins were bulging up the shaft as he stroked his foreskin back, revealing his smooth purple domed head. The eye of his cock was weeping pre-cum as he stroked his foreskin back and forth over his huge glans. This action spread his pre-cum all over his domed head, leaving a shiny sticky residue. I opened my mouth willingly as his cock slid purposefully between my cock-sucking lips.
His young strong cock tasted delicious.
I swallowed slightly, just enough to take the head of his cock beyond my gag reflex. My throat closed around his bell end and shaft, creating a vacuum almost, as my tongue wriggled beneath the underside of his magnificent cock. His eyebrows raised, never having his cock sucked so expertly.
The third guy had now slid his finger beyond my sphincter, moving the lone digit in and out of my asshole in unison with my finger blasting black friend.
The pleasures my body was experiencing were incredibly strong. I knew that I should be halting this from progressing, but the slut that I am, was now in command of my spirit and she wanted fucking. Sperm was her food and she needed feeding.
The incredible sensation of female ejaculation surged through my body as a gushing orgasm overwhelmed and took the young men by surprise
My eyes were wide open and blazing with lust. I looked at the four virile young men circling me like sexual vultures, as I licked my lips in sexual expectation. My black friend had removed his busy finger from my cum-drenched pussy, his accomplice still dipping his finger in and out of my tight asshole. My jacket was removed and placed on the desk to my left, as my black mini dress was slid over my head revealing me naked to my students. The students gasped at my smooth curvaceous body, admiring the beautiful artwork of body tattoos. The guy who locked the door moved close to me, holding my firm huge breast as he softly kissed and nibbled my neck. My black friend moved my ass fingering friend to one side and slipped his wet finger inside my sphincter.
I moaned with pleasure as the guy kissing my neck whispered.
"If you like that you're going to love what we've got planned for you!"
I shuddered with raw sexual excitement. Everything about this was so wrong but sexually it was so right. The guy in front of me sat on the desk and eased me on to his lap. I straddled his young strong thighs, feeling the head of his hard cock nudge at my hungry shaved pussylips.
With one move of my hips, his rather large cock slid effortlessly into my pussy. I moaned loudly as I eased up and down his impressive length. A hand between my shoulder blades moved me closer to the guy fucking me. My back was arched and my ass exposed as I felt my black spit on my asshole. As young as these guys were, they knew how to treat a slut.
I shuddered with primeval excitement feeling the young black guys spit land perfectly on my exposed asshole. His hard black cock nudged at my asshole as he pushed forward, leaning into me and moving his anaconda inside my ass. My eyes rolled as the waves of sexual ecstasy flowed through my body. My two students were fucking me expertly.
It was hard for me to believe that these guys were only eighteen and nineteen, yet they had tapped into my slut sexual needs like seasoned professionals. I could get these two working contracts in some of the underground sex clubs I've frequented.
My vibrant pussy and lustful asshole were being attended to beautifully my star pupils, reminding me just how much I missed my underground sex haunts. It felt glorious having these virile stiff cocks sliding in and out my cock hungry holes. The young man who had been fingering my asshole, stood at the side of the desk, stroking his prominent erection. I looked up at him smiled. Nodding my head, indicating for him to bring his cock closer to me. I opened my mouth, allowing his hard cock to slide between my cock-sucking lips, as my tongue slithered all over his hard young cock. All of my holes were filled now as the fourth guy began to take photographs of my sexual misdemeanour with the black guys phone. He was smart enough to know not to get any of the guys faces in picture, but he had no problem in ensuring my face was prominent in almost every photograph. Not satisfied with a colossal amount of photographs, he turned the phone to video mode and began to record the three young guys fucking me vigorously.
He began to direct us and encourage his friends with verbal instruction.
"Fuck the bimbo slut! Make her cum again! Fuck her ass dude!"
I actually thrived on his ridiculous trash talk, sexually pleased that he was attempting to arouse me with his inexperienced pillow talk.
The black fucking my ass joined in the trash talk.
"Take my black cock up your bimbo slut ass!" He snarled proudly.
I was slowly gyrating my hips, enjoying the two cocks fucking and performing the greatest blowjob the young man at my side had ever experienced. The stamina on these young guys was mesmerising, the tempo they were fucking me at was sensational. Their strong young cocks felt magnificent, giving me endless pleasure as they continuously plowed my insatiable holes with their hard virile cocks.
"You love us students fucking Miss, don't you?" The guy with his cock in my mouth snarled in an aggressive manner.
I moaned my approval as he pulled my hair, forcing more of his cock down my throat.
This is what I wanted and this is what I needed. My students knew how treat their teacher like a slut whore bimbo. I was being double penetrated, with a third cock filling my mouth as the fourth took visual evidence of the bimbo bitch moment.
I was coming frantically when they guy fucking my mouth, twitched his cock and unloaded a forceful amount of virile spunk down my throat. I greedily continued sucking and swallowing everything he had to offer.
Swallowing the sperm of a virile young man was frivolously slutty as his two friends continued to fuck my shaved pussy and tight asshole.
The fourth student handed the smart phone to the guy who had just filled my belly with hot young spunk. Unzipping his cock, he fed his rock hard length to my cock-sucking lips as I gratefully swallowed his blue steel hard length to the back of my throat. With my wriggling tongue, pleasuring the underside of his shaft, I felt another powerful orgasm surge through my body as the two guys fucking me indicated they were about to empty inside me.
I moaned ecstatically as the two cocks flooded my bimbo slut holes with their sexual fountain of youth.
Young men produce an enormous amount of jism on ejaculation and these two were no exception. I could feel their hot creamy seed flooding both of my holes with their orgasmic overspill.
My new friend with his cock in my mouth, found all of this erotica too much to handle and began to empty his youthful seed into my mouth.
I delighted in swallowing his entire load, sucking every last drop of sperm from his depleting cock. The students fucking me had now removed their spent cocks as their virile young sperm began to trickle out of my well fucked holes. The guy in my mouth removed is cleaned cock from my mouth and placed his flaccid cock back inside his trousers. I heard the sound of zips closing as my students returned their cocks back inside their trousers. Standing naked before them in only my black high heeled shoes, I asked them to pass me my dress. The black guy handed me my dress as he and the other guy who fucked me, helped me step into my dress, as they helped me get ready like proper gentlemen.
I looked at the small class of students and smiled.
"I think with a classroom performance like that you will all find yourselves getting an A this term!"
The black guy smiled and said.
"I already got an A tonight!"
I stroked my long taloned nail under his chiselled chin and said
"You also got an S!"
The other three laughed as he continued.
We need to repeat this lesson Miss Dark!" Then walked up to the classroom door, confidently unlocking it, then winking coyly as he left the classroom followed by the other three.
I stood in the very spot where I'd just enjoyed four youthful cocks and smiled.
If they blackmailed me with that one internet photograph, they were now walking around with some substantial blackmail material on that smartphone!