Cynthia part 2
Some enjoyed my first story about Cynthia and asked for more so I tried this. It might be a good idea to read the first story for a little background.
After my little adventure with the naked guy in his motel room I volunteered to work the holiday week end. Just because I felt the other staff members had family I thought it would be nice for them to be home with their loved ones and the manager said we had only three reservations made for the weekend. I really needed the extra income to help with my meager cash flow.
The fact that the weird naked guy was going to be back at that time had no bearing on my decision at all. Saturday morning I showed up bright and early to begin my shift. I checked with the daytime manager and he told me that only two reservations showed up so far so it should be an easy morning. Grabbing my supplies I headed out. The easy morning wasn't. Both rooms were trashed. Families with kids are the worse. Well maybe drunks are worse. It can be a tossup.
Being an inquisitive person, the week before, just to pass time, I had done a little research on men and their orgasms. Well actually I watched some videos on the internet and it was very instructive.
After doing the two rooms I was free to do whatever needed. I stocked the cleaning carts and spent time in the office just chatting. I found out that one reservation had called and changed his reservation to just Sunday night.
Sunday morning was a repeat of Saturday morning only more boring. All the little chores had been done the day before. After chatting up the manager for several hours he told me I could take of if I wanted and they would pay me for the whole day. Wow...in a minute I was gone.
Monday morning I was back on duty. Six more rooms were taken the night before. We get some walk-ins. So I had eight to clean that day. That was not an overwhelming work load. I managed to find out which rooms had been taken by the drop-in guests and was able to determine that the weird guy did show up last night. He had requested a room at the far end of the building.
I would normally start at the far end and work my way toward the office but in seemed I could maybe change things around just for the fun of it. You know a little variety in my otherwise dull existence.
The two family rooms were still trashed and I was kind of unhappy about that. One of the rooms appeared to have been rented for a romantic get together. A damp pair of panties was hanging from the lamp shade. Two used condoms on the floor and a porn magazine on the table. I know it was porn because I examined every page in great detail; it was porn, no question in my mind. The sheets had wet spots. I thank you management for supplying us with rubber gloves and uniforms.
The other rooms were easy to clean. Some people are so considerate. The dirty towels in the tub and all the trash was in the waste baskets. Change the sheets; wipe things down, vacuum and on to the last room. Why would anyone want a room that was way down at the end? What kind of person wants to be so far from the ice machine? Some customers are strange.
I knocked and waited. That's what we were trained to do. I almost got fired one time for not waiting to go in. There was no answer so it must be ok to go in, right? I was really surprised to see the weird guy still in his room. I mean why didn't he answer and ask me to come back later?
An even bigger surprise was that he was naked, again. Really naked this time, no socks. But to give him credit, he wasn't touching himself. His arms were bent back and his hands were under his head. "Oh hi cleaning lady. I'm sorry I didn't hear you knock. Just go ahead and clean the room if you want or do something else if you want."
I asked, "Do you know what a prostate massage is?"
"No."
"Want to try one?"
"I don't know. What is it?"
"Well from what I understand men really enjoy them."
"Ok...and just what is it?"
"You just lie there and let me do it. No effort on your part at all."
"Tell me just what it is you're going to do."
"Maybe I could just show you?"
"I don't think so. You want to sit right here and touch me a little bit?" he asked.
So I had to spell it out it seemed, "Ok...here's what I do. I put these rubber gloves on."
"Then you sit and touch me?"
"Yes...kind of. Ok here it is. I lube up this finger and stick it up your butt until I can feel your prostate gland. Then I massage it and you have the best orgasm ever."
"You want to stick a finger up my ass?"
"Yep...and massage your prostate. What do you say? Want to try it?"
"No."
"Ok...when you check out please tell the office when you are leaving so I can come back and clean the room." I turned to leave the room. What the hell last time he gave the orders, I figured this time it was my turn.
As I opened the door he asked, "If I don't like it you'll stop right? You won't hurt me right?"
I had won. Five minute later he was moaning so loud and lifting his buns up and asking for more. "Damn it girl...don't stop...keep going...I'm so close."
When he exploded it was like the faucet was left open. It just kept flowing out. When he collapsed I slowly pulled my finger out and asked, "Well how was it?" Did I mention that I never touched his penis? It just lay there as I did him. Well maybe it didn't just lay there; as he humped and squirmed it flopped all over his stomach. Kind of neat I thought.
As I left the room he was still gasping for air. He managed to ask what was check out time and I told him noon. I guess he wasn't completely naked after all. He looked at his watch, "Oh crap...it's already one."
Damn that was fun time. I have to tell my roommate about it.
The End