He entered the already darkened theatre and looked for his companion. He found her seated in the back row & smiled to himself. Certainly, he had no intention of taking this afternoon somewhere physical...No, he was done with that; but it was kind of cute that she sat in such a secluded spot as though she thought he might be swayed. Then again, he thought as he finally reached her; she was looking rather delicious right now. She had obviously come from a meeting based on the professional line of the skirt and heels. On the other hand, that shirt would demand a jacket in polite company & she didn't even have on a bra. Which was lovely. Her dark hair cascaded down her back in thick waves, and her round eyes gleamed. He sat next to her, and kissed her quickly on the cheek instead of speaking his hello. He smelled her floral shampoo and felt the softness of her skin with the action. He reached down and took her hand in his; then laughed out loud when the action garnered a suspicious look and sharply raised eyebrow from his former mistress.
"What the hell?" She thought, although she really shouldn't have been that surprised, he was so mercurial. She had only shown up today to prove to them both that it was not going to be awkward after they had ended things. They had worked together & been friends, even before the affair started, she wanted to make sure they could keep up the friendship now. Although, who besides those with carnal intent meet in a dark theatre in the middle of the afternoon? She sighed. Even now, she could feel the heat his body was giving off, and her body was responding to the tangible waves of energy. She remembered the late night conversation where he had simply stated that his interest was like a light switch, off or on, and right now...it was just off.
It didn't seem off to her. Especially not when his pinkie finger started to move in circles on her thigh where their hands rested. He was sitting as close as possible to her in the dark, and she didn't lean away from him. Her whole body tingled with anticipation she tried futilely to dampen, as she breathed in his familiar heady scent. It seemed as though they sat in this limbo of heightened sensation for a long time, while he bit his lip, and she toyed with her own nipple through her shirt.
She was staring at her leg, so was he; watching his hand drift upward. This shouldn't be happening, he had broken things off...in fact, she should probably be objecting; saying something like, 'You can't just tell a girl your switch is off, then show up here in the dark, smelling so good her brain gets scrambled, biting your lip so her mouth waters, giving off heat and electricity like that!' But he did, and she was not objecting. God, she wanted him. And he knew it. She could see his little smirk in the dark. But she could also see him swallow reflexively, and hear his breath on her ear as he started to lean in closer to her, she could feel his body heat, and she knew, he wanted her just as badly. As his hand moved up past the hem of her skirt his touch became more intense, and she knew what he would find when he reached her apex. Her turn to smile a little. She let go of her own nipple and grabbed his thigh with her free hand, lightly pinching at his nipple with the other. She wanted to put her mouth on him but she waited...and she had the satisfaction of hearing his sharp intake of air when he touched her softest skin.
She was bare. No lace. No satin. No hair. Completely naked for him. And she was so wet, so obviously aching for what he wanted to give her. He didn't wait, he sunk his middle finger deep inside her. She let go of him and grabbed on to the armrest. She lifted her hips to give him access to everything he wanted, hovering off the chair. Two fingers. God she was tight. He heard her moan and drop her head back. He had to see her, forgetting they were in a public place he flipped her skirt up and saw her beautiful bare pussy. He saw his fingers thrusting in deeply and slowly pulling out. He saw her juices dripping and in the light of the movie screen, he saw a small design, perhaps a tattoo? A small heart that had always been hidden. Now he was wet too, dripping precum from his rock hard dick. She lifted her eyes to his and for a brief moment, he couldn't decide where to put his mouth first, but one way or another, he was going to eat this girl alive.
"Oh, God. God," she thought..."please. Please reach up and touch my clit, make me cum right now, right here in this theatre."
'Theatre.' Shit this is a public place, she lifted her eyes to his and realized she was seeing a new intensity in her sometimes lover. He clearly did not care where the y were. She dropped her hips, but he did not relinquish his hold on her, just turned towards her and came closer. With his lips so close to hers and his fingers inside her, she lost all thought except to finally kiss him. She reached up and put her hands on his face pulling him towards her, crushing her lips to his and sucking in his breath. He kissed her back. Hard. Instantly in the same needy, hungry moment she was: devouring his prey.
This is how a kiss should be. All consuming and thoughtless. Blood rushed to his lips and they tingled at her touch. His mouth watered, she tasted sweet and tangy like her concession stand candy. Her hands were on his face, pulling him in. His hand was braced on her seat, while the other teased her hot, wet sex. He knew what she wanted, but he was going to make her wait. And, damn, he was going to kiss her like he meant it. He moved both hands to her hips and lifted her across the seat into his lap. He broke off the deep intense kiss, just long enough to take a deep breath, then twisted her body to better feel her curves against him, he tightly wrapped both arms around her and met her mouth with his again. This time he kissed her hard at first, but slowed his rhythm to gently nibble and lick her bottom lip. He kissed her sweetly and softly. Then rested his forehead to hers. They sat like this for a time, listening to their hearts pound and their breathing start to slow.
She shivered, and smiled. She leaned towards him letting her lips gently brush his, waiting for him to close the distance. He teased her, lightly licking his own lips before returning his attention to hers. She loved this, the anticipation of heat. She knew her body would respond to him, to his mouth, his touch, his dark, rich scent. And she could feel his response to her, while she sat in his lap; it was such a turn on to feel the hard length of him against her, knowing she could have it whenever she wanted now. And she wanted it. She slid her hand down and felt his strength more keenly, all the while letting her lips hover against his. She heard a soft growl from the back his throat as she touched him, and took the sound as an invitation. She slid her hands inside his pants and felt his eager cock. She was not overly gentle, speared on by her excitement at the feel on him in her hand. He felt like velvet over granite, as she used her thumb to swirl the smooth & salty evidence of his need, over the head of his dick, intensifying his sensitivity. This time when she wrapped her fingers around him and applied the pressure he desired, moving in a strong slow rhythm, he lost his hold on her anticipation and brought his mouth fully to hers with a curse on this breath. The intensity of his desire made his swear sound, to her, like a term of endearment.
Her touch was incredible. He couldn't remember now why on earth he had tried to break things off with her. My God, she had a gift. He felt her twirl her pinkie around the head of his cock while subtly twisting clockwise with each down stroke. He was slick with his own juices and with each upstroke she coaxed more out of him. He wanted to watch everything she was doing to him, but often lost the battle with his eyes; as his balls would tighten and he fought the urge to cum, his eyes would close and his head would fall back. Down stroke, Up stroke. Moan. As her rhythm gained in both speed and intensity, he knew he wouldn't be able to hold out much longer, especially since her other hand was now busy teasing his nipples. He looked over to tell her as much when he realized he had seen that hungry look on her face before; her tongue perched on one canine and a dedicated stare towards his dick. He no longer had any fear he would blow his load early from her masterful hand job.
It was his scent that drew her in, a musky mix of teak & pheromones that scrambled her senses. It had always been that way with him, but here in the dark, where she could see so little, it was affecting her even more. It made her mouth water. She caught flashes of his hot flesh in the flickering colors of the film & heard a loud, sharp, intake of breath as movie goers reacted to something startling happening on the screen. These reminders that they were not alone served only to enhance her excitement; the fear of discovery adding a high tenor to the internal music of her desire and need. She was staring at his cock with earnest as the need to taste his scent, to have that milky musk on her tongue and in the back of her throat, overtook her. She leaned down onto him and took him fully into her throat in one thrust without warning and without hesitation. She moaned low around his cock. God, he tasted good.
He was right, and it made him smile in the dark; that look on her face meant she needed to taste him...and she did. When her excitement broke through in a low moan, it vibrated around his dick and he felt it run up his spine and spread to his fingers & toes. She owned him completely in the moment, and that realization wiped the smile right off his face. As she pulled back and sucked hard with the movement, his toes curled and his eyes rolled back; coherent thought was no longer possible as he felt the familiar tightening though his body that proceeded every orgasm. He exploded hot and hard down her throat. He imagined great waves of cum crashing into her mouth, and listened eagerly to the sucking an slurping taking place in his lap. He pulsed and twitched & dug his long fingers into her hair, grabbing on tightly in the moment where he lost all control; using her as a tether to reality while is body and mind were swept away in a moment of pure pleasure. Her uncharacteristically girlish giggle bringing him back to the crowed theatre.
"Well, that was fast," she teased.
"Woman, that was just a warm up...I am nowhere NEAR done with you, " he promised.
"Ssshhh!" a women two rows up warned. He made deliberate and direct eye contact with the woman as he reach across the seat to his randy companion and pulled her across his lap, face down; like she was a toddler about to be spanked.
The movie fan looked aghast and her jaw actually dropped, but he never broke eye contact as he began meaningfully massaging the round ass in his lap. His stare was a gauntlet thrown and the woman caved, pointedly turning herself around and facing the screen. He ran his hands off her ass and down the back of her thighs, and back up to the delightful curves that craved his touch. As he did, he looked around, his interest peeked by the woman who demanded their silence; and he noticed for the first time, that she was not the only one taking note of the pair. An attractive thirty-something couple in the corner was whispering back and forth, taking turns stealing glances in his direction. While, a hipster by himself was making no effort to hide his interest in their tryst and seemed to be stroking an erection through his thrift-store jeans. "Hmmm," he mused aloud; he had never considered himself an exhibitionist, but the idea of being watched with her was definitely turning him on. He flipped her skirt up quickly exposing her lower half, her pale skin glowing in the low light.
She felt the cool air against her suddenly exposed skin, the change in sensation a jolt to her senses. Her head perched on her arm, as she lay faced down, waist to thigh in his lap, and taking up the space of three seats all together. She buried her face in her own arms and surrendered completely to whatever he had in store for her. Goose bumps formed on her arms when he gently ran his fingertips up her bare legs, and her spine stiffened and relaxed in succession as he used a much firmer pressure to massage her backside. She imagined him sliding his hands down, passing her curves and sinking them again into her hot sex. She thought about his strong hands as they grabbed her ass, and how desperately she wanted him to use both those hand to bring her swiftly to the climax she grew more and more desperate to experience. As she thought about all of the things she wished he would do to her, and felt all of the delicious tactile gifts he was giving, she began to raise her ass and arc her back; a silent but clear invitation to explore her body further. But he was taking his time.
He teased her, growing ever closer to her pussy with each pass of his hands; up and down her legs, around her fabulous ass, and the slightest graze of a hot, wet lip. She was gyrating on his cock and he didn't think she even realized it; she was clearly lost in sensation & desperation, as she fully arched her back, lifting her ass and subtlety spreading her legs. The couple in the corner now had a perfect view of her cunt. He was certain they could see her round lily backside as he eagerly rubbed it, the way her thighs twitched when he slide his fingers downward...teasing her; and they could see every pink, wet, engorged fold of her beautiful pussy when the light from the screen was just right. And it must have been right, right now, because they could not look away. He stared back at them as they watched her, giving up on the movie and allowing their hands to roam across one another as they sat engrossed with his companion's assets. He realized he was hard as a rock again, despite his toe curling orgasm minutes ago; spurred on by the sudden heady feeling that he was turning them on so completely. He decided to give all three of them what they were waiting for and suddenly sunk three fingers deep inside her...hard. His woman let a guttural response escape her lips as the pain and pleasure of the sudden stretch washed over her. She froze. He did not. Withdrawing one finger he proceeded to fuck her with his middle and index fingers; warm honey dripping all over the both of them in response. He wasted no time putting his other hand to work, pinching her nipple hard and garnering another whimper, and another gush of juice from her pussy. All the while watching his audience eagerly as they too, gave in to the moment and relinquished polite moraes. The man reached from behind his woman with both hands and roughly pulled her shirt down, exposing the woman's very ample breasts to him. He began roughly fondling her and pulling her nipples, all for the pleasure of those watching. He used one hand at her throat to bend her head back towards him and he began to kiss her neck, and those soft mounds of hers heaved in response. It was a widely seductive reciprocation, as he watched her reach backward, rather than turn away, presumably to stroke her lover's cock. The look on his face told him he was right.
Finally! Her whole body shook with pleasure and need when he began to pound his fingers into her without warning. It would have been painful but for the slow build that left her begging for his attention on her swollen sex. Her nipple would have evidence of his rough touch tomorrow, but she didn't care. All she cared about in this moment was to finally feel him inside her, to build towards the climax she desired. When his hand left her breasts she quickly felt it's return, index finger and thumb rubbing up and down outside her labia, while his other hand slowed its rhythm and his fingers inside her curled again and again against her G spot. While that blessed bundle of nerves was excited from within, the fingers on his other hand slowly worked their way inward from her outer lips, to their softer, wetter sisters, and finally found purchase on her clit. Everything abruptly slowed. He pulled is fingers out to the tip with a twisting motion, and inched back into her with the reverse maneuver, ending with a 'come hither' bend that tickled her now electrified G-spot...but this was merely back ground. The entirety of her being was focused on the delicate circles being danced around her clitoris. He built quickly to a faster, more ardent pace that she had no hope of withstanding. She blew apart not a second later, as an earth shattering orgasm racked her body. She may have screamed, she wasn't sure.
He laughed out loud as he was forced to give up the hand inside her to reach up and cover her mouth. He should have remembered how loud she could get when she came. None of this slowed his rhythm however, as he started to spin her closer to another release. He knew from experience, she could cum as many times as she wanted, as many times as HE wanted, if he read the ques her body gave. But she was not the only one getting off right now, was she? Unbeknownst to his fair companion, the couple in the corner had joined this encounter in the dark, voyeuristically enjoying her orgasms. Right now, as she gyrated her hips against his cock and shivered with bliss from the next approaching climax, the couple in the corner was building towards their own...her head disappeared in to his lap as he braced himself against the chairs; his eyes locked on the show before him. Much better than the film they had paid $10 to see.
As her second orgasm subsided she abruptly sat up. She straddled him, ignoring the small tear that formed on the left side of her skirt. She put both hands behind his neck and looked him in the eyes with a very serious expression. She breathed deep, enjoying his naturally masculine scent mixed with hers against the backdrop of popcorn & candy. She could see the intensity in his eyes and knew they were a reflection of hers. This was not the giddy exchange of 10 minutes prior, there was a gravity to this exchange; the electricity was palpable, tactile...but even more, there was a comfortable acceptance in this moment. They both knew exactly what this was, and the clarity was liberating. She leaned in and kissed him; their lips perfectly molded to one another and she knew he could taste a bit of his own salty cum on her tongue. In response, he lifted his fingers to her mouth and they both lapped at them greedily, mixing her sweetness with his salt.
"Time to dispense with the games," he thought. He lifted himself off the seat, taking her with him and holding her slightly away from his large frame. Her thinking was clearly in line with his, because she reached down without breaking eye contact and sprung his erection free from it's hold. He lined her body up with his, and he could feel the heat her flower gave off on his shaft. As he sat, he used the momentum to drive her forward onto him completely to the hilt, something she had never been able to take before. He heard her sharp intake of breath at the intrusion, but no objection. And her eye contact never wavered. Funny, in all the time they had spent together, both as friends and as covert lovers, he had never truly wondered what she was thinking...but now he did. The intense look on her face was something to behold; and the feel of her velvet vice grip on his rod was a proverbial miracle. He felt her hand brace on his massive shoulders, and then she started to move.
She was deliberate. She knew exactly what he liked and she wanted nothing more in this moment than to give it to him. Truthfully, when he had said he was done with their affair, it hadn't bothered her in the least; they had always been friends, they would continue to be friends, so what if they had a little extra fun along the way? Right? But now, looking in to his eyes she knew: there was no way she was giving this up. Not a chance. She would never leave her husband & he would never leave his wife, but this was too good, they were too well matched physically to just walk away on a whim. Never had the sight, the smell, the feel of any man intoxicated her so completely. Never had any man driven her to her wild limits before this; finding all her boundaries and pushing her past them. Even now, as she slid forward and pulled back along his cock, she knew the young man in need of a shave was jerking off watching them. She suspected that the couple a ways off had gotten an eye full, too...but she didn't care. Not anymore. In fact, it turned her on; it added fuel to her fire. And she was on fire: a slow, deep churning burn from her core that brought her ever closer to that precipice she longed to fling herself from. She gripped his dick as tightly as she could with her pussy with each backstroke and relaxed to let him in fully, covering him in her nectar with each thrust. He lifted his hands from her hips to her soft breasts, but couldn't keep focus and let his head fall back and his hand cover his face in the dark. This was the first time they broke eye contact; and she grinned in the dark. She had him.
"What the fuck?" "What the fuck? "Holy Shit...Oh, my God!" He had clearly lost all coherent thought as she rode him in the dark, her face was mostly obscured, backlit as she was by the movie screen, but her intense & beautiful eyes were clear as day and boring into him. Jesus Christ, he had felt her before but this was different. Maybe it was the exhibition, maybe it was the slightly unexpected nature of the encounter, probably it had something to do with the multiple orgasms and her taking every thick inch of him in this time...but he was lost to her, and her knew it. His eyes rolled back, and he covered his face; content to let her have every bit of him as he fought the urge to cum again.
"No." He said out loud. She felt amazing, but he was in control. Always.
And with that he stood up fully and pulled her off of him; he spun her immediately around and bent her over the seat in front of them. He heard her laugh, a deep, throaty chuckle & he slapped her ass hard in response. He gripped both her hips and entered her with a slow, meaningful thrust. Then pulled out to his tip just as slowly. There was no pretense here, no deception or subversion, EVERYONE who deigned to look could clearly see; and they were going to get caught. But he didn't care. He needed to have this, to do this. To show her he was a man, her man; that he could have her anywhere and anyway he wanted. And Holy-Mary-Mother-of-Fuck this felt good. He heard her continue to alternate laughter and moans. He heard the chairs protest under their weight, and the gasps of movie fans who turned around to see them fucking in the back row. He heard the echoed fuck-sounds of the voyeuristic couple in the corner, and the objections of the "Shhh," woman, who was now stomping out of the theatre. It was quite the human orchestra. But, all he cared about was playing the instrument in front of him. He would play that pussy like it was his profession, and pay the price later.
She laughed. When he objected to her control and flipped her over she knew exactly where his head was at; she knew what he needed to prove, and she was happy to let him think he had gained control. Because in the end, all that meant, was that he was hers. Plus, she was about to be seriously, vigorously, and ardently fucked. She knew everyone could see, and she was fairly sure some poor kid with a flashlight was going to be forced to escort them out...but this might be the best sex of her life so it was definitely worth it. She felt him push in slowly at first, then build both speed and depth. His fingers dug into her hips as he moved into her, and she tilted her hips so that he rubbed her just right. She felt the flush in her face and the quivering in her legs that meant she was going to cum hard and fast.
"I'm going to cum!" She cried. No point in being quite now.
"Not yet," he said; and he let go with one hand to reach around and rub at her clit again, working to give her the best orgasm possible.
"Oh, Dear God!" she said.
"Not yet," he ordered. And he grabbed her free hands, bending them at the elbow behind her back. He took her left hand and held it on her ass while he fucked her, returning his right hand to her clit; knowing she would keep that right arm bent behind her back as surely as if she were tied. He worked them both so skillfully they had to fight not to cum. Hovering in that glorious space where every nerve ending vibrates with need and collected energy.
"Please?!" she begged. "I can't....please say I can cum."
His turn to chuckle. "Ok, princess...cum for me!" And as he said the words, he forced the thumb of her left hand into her ass, truly pushing her boundaries and intensifying her orgasm in a deep and surprising way. She came apart. With one hand behind her back, one hand on her ass, and bent over the back row of seats in a movie theatre, she had the best orgasms of her life in full view of 15 other people. He never relented on rubbing her clit, and his rhythm never slowed, bringing her to yet another mind bending release. This time, he joined her, spewing his hot cum inside her and over flowing down her thighs and all over the discarded popcorn.
He collapsed forward on to her, and then they both fell back into the seat he had once occupied. Exhausted, sweaty, covered in cum, and the object of much attention. Damn. That was...interesting.
As the tell-tale flashlight came into view, attached to a reluctant teenage usher & escorted by the 'SShhh" lady, they were on their way out the other set of doors, hand-in-hand. Laughing like kids & making plans to see their next movie together.
Someone applauded...and not at the movie.