My wife, Ellie, began to get restless about eighteen months after the birth of our second child. Our friend, Charles, was engaged. He had ended his import/export business so rarely visited. Robert was engaged. I suspected Ellie rarely saw him except when we met him and his fiancé for dinner or at the occasional party. Frank and Liz had divorced and each had remarried.
Our life had moved to a new normal. All the commitments required to care for a small baby, such as nightly feedings, seemed to heighten with now having two young children. Yes, childcare kept us busy. However, Ellie returned to a full-time schedule at her business once we felt comfortable enrolling our new toddler in daycare.
I don't think I had mentioned that Ellie co-owned a business specializing in women's shoes and hats. Her partner, Karen, had contacts in the fashion industry in LA, and they managed to secure a few lucrative distribution deals with smaller, independent designers. Karen and Ellie began displaying their merchandise at clothing trade shows that catered to the public, allowing them to sell directly to the public as well as making wholesale deals with other stores. They were not going to get rich, but the store made a profit and Ellie's income had allowed her to be a stay-at-home mom for a year and a half.
I knew she was starting to feel that itch. Ellie enjoyed her sexual freedom, and she was ready for new adventures as soon as the youngest moved to solid food and the occasional bottle. It had now been a couple of years without extracurricular sex.
Ellie and Karen bought a booth at a trade show at the historic Mission Inn in Riverside, California. It is a great place with lots of atmosphere and character. In the early 1980s, Riverside was a hot spot for prostitution, so the nightlife around the inn could be sketchy, especially with a trade show in town.
Ellie and Karen always dressed to show their legs, because shoes were their major product line. Women wear hats for special occasions and fun holidays, but they are not an everyday purchase. Sports shoes are their best sellers, but the profit margin is not large because of the fierce competition in the market. Everyone sells comfortable shoes but few carry the variety of sexy shoes that were their specialty. They may not be comfortable to walk in, but when Ellie put on a pair of her "fuck me" heels, nylon stockings, and a short skirt, she attracted male and female attention. She rarely wore pantyhose because the sight of a garter strap attached to nylons usually sealed a sale if a male was involved.
When they set up at the show, they were happy to find that they were next to some old friends. Brian and Beth were a husband and wife team who distributed lingerie—expensive, sexy lingerie and hosiery. They liked being adjacent to one another, because their product lines went together so well. As they had at past shows, they organized their side-by-side floor space so customers could walk freely between their displays. If someone bought a nice pair of shoes, they would usually want a nice pair of hose as well.
Ellie and Karen went to dinner with them that evening in Riverside after the show closed. Ellie called me later to say good night and to ask my opinion and get my blessing for a proposition Brian and Beth had put on the table over dinner. It seemed the show was slow. There was a good crowd but no one seemed to want to stop and browse. They had only made very few sales. If it continued at the same pace for the remainder of the show, both businesses would lose money.
"Brian and Beth asked if I would be their lingerie model," Ellie said. "They decided to give their usual model take time off for the rest of the show, because it is so slow. They thought they could pair some of their sexier outfits with our shoes and attract a crowd. They think a mature, good looking woman would be better than the nineteen year old college girl they hired."
"Well, I certainly agree with their opinion of you." I replied. "Just what would modeling entail?"
Ellie went on to explain that she planned to wear a red and black bustier that laced up her back like a corset creating a thin waist and exaggerated cleavage. The outfit would be complimented with black stockings and red sandal-style high heels with straps over the ankles. Black French-cut panties would complete the lingerie. The trade show managers approved the outfit with the addition of a short red skirt, flared out to reveal the tops of her stockings and garter straps.
"Wow!" I stammered. "I'm sorry I will miss seeing that."
"I take that as approval." Ellie laughed. "I get to keep any outfits I wear, so I will give you a private showing when I get home."
"I'm looking forward to that." I replied.
"I figured you would approve." Ellie went on. "After dinner, Karen and I went back to their room. Brian suspected I would agree, and he guessed my size. Beth asked me to try the outfit on to make sure everything fit. You know these old rooms are rather small. I thought Brian was going to bust his zipper when I started undressing in front of him. There wasn't really any other choice. Karen helped me with the laces while Beth made sure it sat properly on my body, especially around my breasts. I don't think Brian could decide whether he should watch Karen seating my boobs properly in the bra cups or look at my waxed pussy. You should have seen him grin when I raised my legs putting on the stockings and attaching the garters. I couldn't resist giving him a show, and Beth was laughing at his reaction the whole time. The panties and skirt went on last. The high heels I was wearing didn't go with the outfit, but I have the right pair at our sales booth. I was tempted to go down to the bar to judge reactions, but not dare without the proper heels."
"You will call me tomorrow night to let me know how the day went?" I asked, trying not to sound like I was begging.
"Of course I will," she cooed. "I might call you once or twice during the day as well."
I had difficulty sleeping through the night thinking about how she would put herself on display the next day. I hoped it would result in better sales and help make her show profitable. I knew she would be turned on all day. Ellie loved men and women watching her, and I often marveled at how far she would push dressing sexy in her store at home.
Ellie called me on my lunch hour knowing I was likely eating alone in my office. She was excited and wanted to share how her day was going. I listened as she began.
"Karen and I woke and shared a shower this morning." Ellie began. "I needed to take the edge off my excitement. Karen knows how to touch me in the right places to work me to a mild orgasm. You know, soaping my boobs, lathering my butt, and cleaning my vulva with that light touch of her soapy fingers across my clit. A deep kiss and feel of her body rubbing against mine made my body begin to convulse. She knows when to just hold me and allow the tingling to spread out from my vagina until my toes curl and my eyes roll behind closed lids. We dried each other. I put on one of those fluffy robes they have in the closets and answered the door for room service while Karen dressed. After we ate, Karen helped me into my outfit. I didn't think it would be a good idea to walk down to the show without matching shoes, so I wore the robe over my clothes. The tingling between my legs started again as I walked through the hallway. The robe made it appear that I might be naked except for my heels and stockings."
I started breathing hard. She knew that drawing the story out would get to me. I also knew that she and Karen always shared a room and a bed when they travelled to trade shows. Their relationship was one of good friends and business partners that enjoyed occasional intimacy. They never hid anything from me, so nothing Ellie said to this point was a surprise.
"I had to catch my breath and stop trembling when we reached our booth." Ellie continued. "Brian and Beth were already there. I found the shoes I wanted, and Brian took me into the changing area they had at the back of their booth. They had a couch and a full-sized mirror as well as a clothing rack in the room. Brian took my robe and explained the use of the room as he watched me change my shoes. He explained that customers might want to have outfits modeled that are inappropriate for the sales floor. When a potential customer wanted to see how one of the more risqué outfits might look, they would accompany me to the changing room, and I would model the outfits."
"And is there a curtain you change behind?" I asked.
"No!" Ellie laughed. "And the outfits don't leave much to the imagination so a curtain would make little difference." Ellie continued with her story.
"Beth joined us and explained her plan for the day. I would work with Brian and she would help Karen. The four of us would move between the two booths as needed, but she and I would allow Karen and Brian to take the sales leads. She felt my presence, as a sexy model, would attract men who might be reluctant to approach Brian to discuss lingerie. Women are our primary customers, so they would be comfortable with Beth and Karen in discussions about shoes. "
"And do you know how it is working, or is it too early?" I asked.
I could tell my wife was aroused as she was almost giddy relating the events of the morning.
"It's going really well. No one walked past our booth without stopping to watch me. I enjoyed talking to the men. They could not stop fidgeting and staring at my legs and cleavage. I almost always had to turn and bend over to retrieve an article of clothing or a pair of shoes they asked about. My skirt was designed to show my butt, not hide it, so I did a lot of bending over. Several couples bought the exact lingerie and shoes I was wearing. Brian and Karen signed small wholesale deals as well. We have all broken even with just our sales from this morning. I am so excited."
"That's great!" I exclaimed. Then a few moments of silence ensued. "Is there something else?" I asked.
"Yes," Ellie said softly. "One of Brian's good customers, Bob, asked to take the two of us to lunch. Beth said she and Karen could cover the booths while we ate. Bob asked me to model several items before asking."
"And?" I asked.
"And I did." Ellie responded. "We went into Brian's dressing area. Bob owns a chain of adult shops in Washington and Oregon. He carries sexy lingerie in addition to videos, magazines, and toys. Beth said I would agree to model the outfits he chose if he agreed to buy high heels from us to go with the outfits. It promises to be a big sale, so I agreed. I could not remove the bustier by myself, so he had to help me by loosening the laces. He watched while I removed my shoes, stockings, and then slipped the bustier off. "
I interrupted her story again. "Did he say anything?"
"Not really," Ellie laughed again. She was enjoying toying with my imagination. "I think he muttered that I was a damned fine woman, but he was speaking too softly. He then handed me a transparent baby doll top with crotchless panties. Fun, but not really practical. Why not just skip the panties. Anyway, he had selected a number of items and liked to feel them on my body. How do they fit, did the seams rub, what's the texture like if you rubbed a nipple or butt through the material? You know, any excuse to feel me up."
"And it didn't bother you?" I asked.
"No, I was excited." Ellie said almost gleefully. " The more he touched me, the hotter I got, and I really wanted to touch him. I finally told him he could not appreciate the full effect of the outfits just by platonic touching. It wasn't really platonic, but it couldn't go anywhere in the booth, and I didn't touch back. That is when he stepped out and invited Brian in and asked us to lunch. I told Brian I thought I could get away with wearing my floor ensemble since the trade show was hosted in the hotel. He called Beth in and she agreed that she and Karen could handle the floor while we worked out a sales deal."
My head was spinning, but I found that I had an erection listening to her. Ellie said goodbye leaving me to my imagination and what might transpire after lunch.
Ellie called again about 4:30. She knew it would have to be a quick call, since I had to leave to get the kids from daycare.
"How did lunch go?" I asked. "The afternoon?"
"Great." Ellie answered. "Bob, Brian, and I are having dinner in Brian and Beth's room tonight, so I can model more outfits for Bob's stores. Beth agreed to spend the night with Karen so I can help seal a lucrative contract with Bob. I think Brian is looking forward to it as well. It's a good thing their room has a king bed!" Ellie really enjoyed hearing herself laughing at the implications of what she left unsaid.
"Call me?" I asked.
"Definitely not tonight," she giggled. "Well, I will call to say goodnight to the kids, but then I will have to hang up unless you want to listen." Ellie laughed again. "No, you will be busy putting the kids to bed. You can let your imagination run wild when you go to bed. I have to go, and you need to go get the kids. I love you."
And she was gone. She called the kids that evening to say good night and that she loved me. "Oh, remind me to tell you about me being mistaken for a prostitute" she said before hanging up. I had to wait until morning to hear the rest of her story.
Ellie did not call until noon. I think she knew I would be waiting in my office with the door closed. If she called any earlier, I would not have been able to focus on her story. But, I was so aroused by my imagination that I was surprised I had not cum in my pants. My phone rang at 12:01. I had the receiver at my ear before the first ring ended.
Ellie asked if I was alone and ready for her story. "Yes," was all I could squeak out.
"I have to start with the afternoon," Ellie began. "A young couple was looking for something sexy for their wedding night. The young man liked my outfit, but he wanted it in white and pink. I found the pieces in what she thought would be her size. He liked what I selected, but he was directly honest. He wanted something more transparent; he wanted to see her nipples and her cunt. I made the necessary changes in my selection, and he asked to see her in the outfit to be sure. I laughed and invited them into the changing area. The young woman never spoke. She just kept looking at the floor as her fiancé and I discussed how to dress her for her honeymoon."
"I asked her to disrobe when the three of us were alone," Ellie continued. She did so quickly and stood before the two of us naked. Still, she never raised her eyes to mine. I asked her to step into the bustier. She did not move, and he asked me to help her. I helped her raise each foot and step into the garment. I could feel her trembling as I pulled it up her legs and over her hips. I cradled and hefted each of her breasts before fitting them into the bra cups. I selected a style that allowed her breasts and nipples to show through the transparent material. I then showed him how to cinch up the pink ribbons at her back. Too loose, and he would lose the sexy corset effect. Too tight, and she would pass out."
"He asked about the panties and stockings," she continued, "so I helped her don a pair of stockings and showed her how to use the garter clips. Kneeling before her, her pussy was in my face, and it was wet. As much as I wanted to lean forward and lick it, I decided to see where events led. He asked about the panties, and I told him that he had to agree to buy them before she could try them on over her naked pussy. He told her to put them on. I held them out while she stepped into them. I ran them slowly up her legs and ran my finger through her pussy before letting them go. They both moaned. "
"Wow, she always knew how to further excite me," I thought to myself
"I called Karen over and told her what I needed for shoes. The woman's fiancé loved what she brought back. I helped the young woman don the high heels and straightened her stockings by running my hands up her legs. I straightened the bustier and massaged her boobs into the bra cups so they fit right. She put her arms around me and gave me an open mouth kiss as I fondled her. He moved closer. I asked him to feel how my outfit sat on my body and then feel how hers fit. I moaned myself as he caressed my breasts. I kissed him softly on the lips and told him what the outfit costs. He merely nodded his head, and I helped his fiancé undress. She held me close, and we kissed again before she dressed in her own clothes. I am telling you this, so you know how hot I was by the time we left at the close of the show."
"I know how good you are with customers, Honey." I responded. "What are you holding back?"
"Maybe I should start with lunch." Ellie went on. " The manager stopped us before we were seated saying they did not allow hookers in the restaurant. He apologized when he saw my trade show badge and realized I was dressed to sell clothes, not myself. Bob got a kick out of the mistake and then asked what I would charge just out of curiosity. I laughed at him and told him $5,000 for the night."
"You would be worth it!" I laughed.
Her voice turned serious. "He said he would pay that amount if I would model for a photo story for the men's magazine he publishes for distribution in his adult stores. He offered cash for the photo shoot and the night, plus a lucrative purchase contract for shoes."
"Well he already committed to the contract, what would he want for the photo shoot?"
Ellie laughed. "I'm talking about last night. 'What did I do for $5,000?' is a more appropriate question."
"Oh!" I responded. "Maybe I should let you continue."
There was more laughter before Ellie continued. "When the show closed for the day, Brian and I met Bob at the elevators. He had his camera and professional flash. It was embarrassing, because he was taking pictures as we approached. Then, he had me remove my panties as soon as the elevator door closed. Any unusual movements revealed my ass and pussy. He had me make out with Brian as the elevator climbed to our floor. I like Brian, so we didn't have to act. He swept me into a tongue-swapping, deep kiss while he kneaded my bare ass, the flash popping off every few seconds. I had no idea if anyone would be waiting in the hall when the elevator door opened."
"Bob followed us down the hallway taking pictures as Brian rubbed my ass. I dropped my skirt as we made our way down the hall, so my ass and pussy were on display to anyone who might come out of their room. At that point, I did feel like a hooker, and I was dripping wet. A young man came out of his room and watched as we approached. He just stared. If he had opened his mouth to say anything, I think I would have dropped to my knees and given him a blowjob. I was so horny. Brian opened the door to his room, pulled me in, and wrapped his arms around me. Bob stood in the hallway snapping photos as fast as he could."
"We slowed down once the three of us were in the room. Bob and Brian discussed the next shots. Brian took the camera and photographed my reaction when I discovered another man was waiting in Brian's room. The loose story line suggested I was taken by surprise by another man. Recovering, I walked to Bob and began to make out with him, taking his tongue into my throat as he fondled my ass. Suddenly, he stuck the tip of one finger in my ass much to my surprise and pleasure. Brian continued to take pictures as Bob turned me around and began untying the ribbon holding my bustier closed."
"After he loosened the stays, he pulled the bra cups loose from my breasts and began rubbing my nipples from behind. I leaned back to rub my head against his face and reached for his crotch to rub his stiffening cock. I can only image what the shots will look like. Brian was zooming in on my face as I tried to reach Bob's lips with his head behind mine. He focused on Bob dropping his hand to rub my pussy. I think he even caught the moment I grasped Bob's cock while still in his pants."
"Bob let me fall back onto the bed and took the camera as Brian kneeled between my legs at began removing my stockings. Brian took each foot and removed my heels. Then he ran his hands up my legs and unsnapped the garters. He leaned in and kissed my pussy, licking my clit, before removing my stockings. He kissed me down the inside of my thighs as he slipped each stocking slowly down my leg. I was trembling and bucking trying to urge his mouth back to my cunt."
"I was crazy with lust. I just wanted to get their pants down. I wanted both of their cocks. But, there was a knock on the door. They started laughing and told me room service had our dinner. 'Make them go away,' I pleaded, but they told me to answer the door. I reminded them I was naked, but they told me it was better that way. They settled back on the couch as I stumbled to the door. I wasn't confident I could stand, because I was so turned on, wanting...,no, needing to cum. Two bellboys with trays were waiting at the door. Neither seemed shocked by my naked body, and I stood back as they entered the room. Brian went over to take the meals from them while they basically checked me out. I began to blush when Bob asked about the chocolate sauce and whipped cream. They put the cream in the fridge and instructed Brian on how long to leave the sauce in the microwave to reach the proper temperature and consistency."
"Bob and Brian were gentlemen as we ate dinner, me naked and them fully clothed. They said something about being dressed for dinner, but I wasn't really tracking conversation with my mind on what was coming. As we finished dinner, I realized it was time to call the kids. So, I did before we began dessert. I hated brushing you off, but I didn't have much to report when I called. We were just getting started."
I was getting antsy by this point. I know she got screwed, but she just kept dragging the story out, increasing my expectations.
"I was so embarrassed being on open display for the bellboys. They made no attempt to pretend. They just leered at me, and one suggested he would happily pour the chocolate sauce over my sexy tits and pussy. The other suggested that they come back later for a proper tip. I kissed each of them and let them feel my tits and rub my cunt before pushing them out the door. I needed to eat some dinner in order to calm down before calling the kids."
"While I was on the phone, Bob and Brian cleared away one serving cart and warmed the chocolate sauce. I posed for pictures, spreading my legs and rubbed my pussy and tits. Bob laid me across the cart, and Brian poured chocolate over my breasts and down my pussy. Then he covered the chocolate with whipped cream. They took turns photographing each other licking the sauce and cream from my tits and cunt. I came at least once while they were sucking my tits, and it got messy between my legs as I came for each of them. I insisted on turning the tables and doing the same to their cocks. You know how I love to suck cock, but the chocolate and whipped cream turned it into a heavenly dessert. I kept at them until each had cum in my throat. I kept thinking of a Roman orgy and the gladiators lined up to use me, one after another. I wanted a real fucking so bad before we ran out of chocolate. I kept begging them to fuck me."
Ellie paused and then continued before I could speak.
"I wanted to shower before we continued, but they called room service to remove the carts. I stood covered in the remnants of the sauce and cream as the same two bellboys returned. One of them complemented me and remarked that I must be one hell of a lay. I let each of them lick a spot of whipped cream off my nipples before they left."
"Brian and Bob finished undressing and joined me in the shower. I enjoyed the sensation of two soapy bodies rubbing against mine, an erection rubbing against my belly and another lodged between my ass cheeks. I rubbed each of them in turn, hand over hand like I do to you, but I stopped before I made them cum. I wanted them in my cunt, and I wanted to feel their cum pumping into my cunt."
"Bob laid me on the bed and told me to spread my legs as he snapped pictures as fast as he could. I reached out to him as he moved between my legs with the camera. After shooting my pussy up close while I held my cunt lips open, he moved to where he could shoot the tip of his cock at my pussy. He began rubbing and teasing my clit with his cock as he handed the camera to Brian. He wanted shots of his cock as he entered me. I was bucking and thrusting up at him by this time. I was so hot; I just want his cock in me. I needed him to fuck me. You and Karen keep me satisfied, but neither of you know how to fuck me, to really fuck me."
I was speechless and breathing hard. Ellie asked me if she should continue. "Fuck yes!" I blurted out. "I'm close to cumming."
"Okay." Ellie continued with her story. "Everything slowed down. I looked down and started to think about the head of Bob's cock. It was not as big as some, but it had a perfect bulbous shape. I watched as he placed it between the folds of my labia and slowly began to push in. I soon forgot the constant snap of the camera shutter as it began to spread me open. I know I was shaking while I tried to restrain myself from thrusting. I closed my eyes and began moaning, 'Yes, slowly, yes, harder, yes, yes, it is almost in me.' And then he pushed through and my pussy clamped tight around the shaft of his cock. I wanted more, but he just kept pushing slowly. Then, when I thought I could no longer stand the suspense, he pulled out before thrusting in hard. His public bone hit my clitoris, and I started cumming. You know how I buck when I come. I wrapped my legs around his butt and pulled tight. I begged him to fuck me."
"He paused and let his weight hold me down as I began to recover from my orgasm. Then he began slowly fucking me again. His cock felt so good moving out, the head of his cock pulling my cunt lips out, stretching them as they gripped his glans, then pulling them in as he plunged back into me. I could feel him bump against my cervix. His balls hitting my ass. My god, I could feel his heavy balls hitting my ass, and I kept thrusting up so he would hit my clit. I could feel the electricity pulse through my pelvis with every thrust. Harder, I urged him. 'Make me cum,' I cried. 'Make be cum,' I begged him. I could feel his cock getting harder and swelling inside me. Brian said my head was thrashing from side to side, but all I can remember is trying to meet each thrust of his cock with the thrust of my hips. I planted my feet on the bed with my knees spread open trying to buck into his thrusts."
"Then he began calling me his dirty whore. 'You want me to cum in you whore. You fucking slut, you want my cum. You like my cock fucking you? Beg me to cum in you,' he demanded."
"Bill," Ellie moaned, "I can't remember when I felt so dirty, so used. I wanted him to fuck me harder. I started begging him to cum in me. I said, 'Yes I am your whore. Fill me with your cum,' I begged. I wrapped my legs around his waist and held on as he lifted my hips high and drove me back into the bed. I pulled his head to my tits and begged him to bite my nipples. He did, and I started cumming again. My cunt started to spasm, and I was milking his cock, begging him to release his sperm into my womb. 'Cum for me you fucker,' I yelled. I think I felt the first powerful stream of his cum pulse into me. And then I could feel his cock swelling and pumping. I felt it start to stream out of my pussy as he continued to pump his semen into me. When I could no longer feel him pumping, he started to rise, but my cunt closed tightly on his cock. 'Not yet' I growled at him. He opened his mouth on mine and shoved his tongue in. I sucked him deeper into my mouth trying to milk more cum from his tongue. When he pulled loose, he bit down on my nipple and I starting cumming again. I shook and screamed again. I told him he could use me however he wanted if he kept my orgasms coming."
"When he finally rolled off me, he lay beside me panting, trying to catch his breath. 'Damn woman,' he said. 'You would make a great whore. I could make lots of money with you in Seattle.' I put a finger to his lips to hush him. I told him to watch me. I slowly spread my legs open and motioned for Brian to move in close with the camera. I could not see myself clearly, but I could feel that my vagina was gaping open and I knew his white, hot cum was running out. I don't believe that I ever felt sluttier than in that moment. Then I smiled at Brian and told him to keep shooting. I raised myself up and kept my eyes locked on Bob's as I lowered my mouth to his cock and started lapping up our juices. I sucked him into my mouth and ran my tongue around his soft cock. Then I pulled up again, moved to his head and rammed my tongue down his throat, running it over his palate and inside his cheeks. I wanted him to enjoy the taste of our combined cum."
"I've cum." I said quietly. "That sounds so hot."
"I wasn't finished," my wife said. "I wanted more. I stood up and took the camera from Brian and handed it to Bob. I gently stroked his face and kissed him softly on the lips. I told him it was his turn as I helped him finish undressing. His cock was hard as well, but he pushed me back onto the bed as Bob started snapping away. He had a motor drive and stopped briefly to change film packs. Bob was stroking my hair and brushing my cheeks and lips with his hands. He told me he wanted to savor my body before he took me. He spent the next thirty minutes playing with my tits, sucking on my nipples. He twisted and pulled them and watched my body squirm and tremble when he did so. He turned me over and kissed my butt cheeks. Bob handed him a small anal vibrator. I didn't see him do it, but I knew what it was when I felt him pressing against my anus. I could sense Bob had moved in close, and then I felt the vibration before I heard the humming. 'Yes,' I told him. 'Stick it in my ass.' I was thinking, 'Oh my god, maybe they will fuck me together.' You know how much I like a man in my cunt and my ass at the same time. I kept moaning. 'Yes, use me like the whore I am.' "
I wasn't sure how much more I could take. I was so hot listening to my wife, but I want her naked before me, offering herself to me while she told her story. But, I told her not to stop.
"Bill," she continued. "Brian was so different from Bob, so much more gentle. I begged him to fuck my ass, but he refused and said to just enjoy the vibrator. He rolled me onto my back, pressing the dildo deeper into me. He spread my legs. I grabbed his erection. It was hard, and I could feel it grow again as I guided him to my pussy. He slipped in easily with so much cum still in me, and he started a slow, gentle stroking motion. He kissed me softly then moved to my tits and started suckling on my nipples. I have long since stopped breast-feeding, but the sensations made me feel like I would start expressing milk again. Then the sensation moved down across my belly, and I jerked when it passed through my clit. It felt like he had pinched it between two fingers and pulled sharply, but his hands were massaging my breasts. Then I felt it in my cunt and my vagina started its milking motion again. Brian actually said 'Fuck!' when he felt the sensation. Then he started pumping harder into me, and I returned his thrusts with my hips. He told me he could feel the vibrator through my vaginal wall and that he was close to cumming. I told him, 'Yes, I wanted his cum in me as well."
"Bill," Ellie said. "I fucked them both several more times last night. I wanted them in me at the same time, but Brian said no. I was so tired this morning. They showered and left me to sleep while they took Beth and Karen to breakfast. Beth returned alone and showered with me. She rubbed lotion on my legs and my vulva and helped me dress for the day. She brought a new outfit for me. It is red with lots of lace. It is sheer below my breasts and shows most of my cleavage while covering my nipples. She brought white silk stockings and black stripper shoes with a short white skirt. I feel so sexy this morning."
"And business?" I asked.
"I see you have already recovered." she chuckled. " Yes, business is good. We signed a two-year supply deal with Bob, $10,000 minimum in product a month. I will visit his stores twice a year to model shoes, $5,000 cash for me for each visit in addition to what we sell through our store. He is giving us ads for free in his men's magazine, and I will have a photo shoot each time I visit, or I will pose for one of his camera clubs."
"I don't know what to say." I responded.
"Does that make me a high-priced hooker or a smart business woman?" she asked.
"I'm not sure. You would fuck him for nothing because you enjoy it so much. I guess you get the better end of the deal."
"I love you." Ellie said as she made a kissing noise in the receiver. "I will be home late tonight. Tell the kids I will check in on them before I go to bed."
And she was gone. I sat in my office thinking about what she had just said. We wanted to buy a house and pay off our bills. Her store would be profitable with a contract like that to sustain them. And, she would be getting the sexual excitement she needed to keep her happy. I sat back satisfied and then remembered I needed to clean myself up before everyone starting coming back from lunch.
I'm not sure how I made it through the afternoon. When I got home, there was a message on our answering machine asking if we were happy with our new Ford van. I called the dealership, and it seemed we had purchased a new van a few days earlier. I heard a strange car pull into the driveway later that evening. Ellie smiled when I met her outside.
"Do you like the car I bought with my earnings?" she asked.
"You bought it before you left town." I said.
My wife's smile slowly faded. "Yes, but you know I have been wanting a van to carry the kids."
"We can't afford it." I said. "But, I guess we can now with your new personal services contract."
That stopped her. "Did you really think I would prostitute myself?"
"No, but how are we paying for the van?"
"I don't know honey. We will figure it out."
"So you didn't fuck some guy named Bob?"
"Oh, the sex was true. I wouldn't lie to you about that. I just didn't get paid."
"So how do we pay for the new car?" I asked.
"That's your problem." my wife replied.
And that was the beginning of the end.