This is the second installment ofMy Weekend at Aunt Nikki's. You may want to read the first installment prior to reading this one. I hope you enjoy.
>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>
After Nikki and I's romp in the outdoor shower, things settled down at the house. We spent the rest of the afternoon and early evening relaxing by the pool. We did a little swimming but mostly laid in the sun.
The sun sets early during the winter months in Florida. As afternoon was turning to dusk, Nikki said it was time to head inside, get changed and ready for dinner.
I was very hungry, so it didn't take much urging for me to head up to the guest room, take a shower and change into my dinner clothes.
Nikki had told me we were going to one of her and Miguel's favorite restaurants. I dressed in a pair of linen pants and a loose-fitting Cuban style shirt. It was appropriate for the Florida coast.
Once dressed, I headed down stairs to wait for my aunt and uncle.
When Aunt Nikki came down the steps, WOW! She was looking stunning.
Her hair was curled and held up in a loose bun, a single ringlet falling to the side of her face. She wore makeup that made her ice-blue eyes seem to pop and sported ruby red lipstick.
Her dress, oh her dress! It was a deep blue number, with a neckline that plunged in between her hips, revealing her flat, toned stomach and her belly button. I could see that she wasn't wearing a bra, and her breasts were almost completely visible. The bottom of the dress clung to the very top of her thighs with a thick elastic band, one that could easily ride up past her hips and reveal her tight ass and luscious pussy. She spun around to let me see the barely-there back of the dress, which lined her back with thin, crisscrossing strings until just above her ass, which the thin blue material covered.
"Like it?" She asked, and turned around once more, looking up at me through her thick lashes.
"Love it!", I replied.
She giggled as she hiked her dress up to her hips, letting me see the lacy, black, stringy thong that barely covered her ass and bare pussy.
"We're going to be late," she said, fluttering her eyelashes, while pulling down her dress, swaying her hips as she left the house. I bit my lip, trying to hold down my impossibly hard boner, wondering what other surprises she had in store for me tonight.
As we walked down the driveway to Miguel's SUV, I noticed that with every step she took, her dress slid further up her ass. By the time we made it to the SUV, half of her ass was visible, nearly naked with how much the lacey thong didn't cover.
The car ride to the restaurant was uneventful, the three of us making small talk.
The restaurant was very nice, decorated with glowing candles and long, flowing table clothes. As Aunt Nikki walked in, it seemed every male head turned towards her, and with good reason. She was stunning. We sat at a booth, smiling and exchanging small talk as we picked our dishes.
I glanced at Aunt Nikki to see what she was ordering, and nearly groaned as I saw that she was arched forward in a way that let me view her breasts in all their splendor, smooth, creamy skin and pink perky nipples. I felt my penis begin to harden.
My boner intensified as she slid her delicate hand up my thigh.
I snapped my head up to see if Miguel had noticed Nikki's advances, but the table was tall enough to block anything from our lower chests down from view. I don't think he cared, it was just my normal reaction.
"So Gabe, how do you like the restaurant?" Miguel asked, glancing up at me from his menu.
"Just fi-ah..." I started, trailing off as Nikki gripped my package through my pants.
As the dinner conversation continued Nikki's tender touches were getting serious as she kneaded and massaged me through my pants. It was getting harder and harder to carry on a normal conversation with Miguel.
When I turned to look at her, she was staring down at her menu, giving me another eyeful of her amazing tits. Miguel, laughed, I knew now that he was aware of what Nikki was doing to me.
I looked around the restaurant to see that several men were openly staring at her, as she was not just exposing her breasts to me, but to anyone on either side of her. The long tablecloth protected our waiter from seeing Nikki's advances, but did nothing to stop anyone else from seeing her practically giving me a hand job. The fact that strangers were watching me be pleasured turned me. I was about ready to cum in my pants.
Just before I erupted, however, the food arrived, and Nikki, thankfully, started eating.
Miguel and I dug in, focusing our attention on our food.
Nikki stopped eating for a moment and lifted herself an inch above the chair so she could slide the dress up and around her hips. Now anyone interested in watching could see her ass and pussy, covered by nothing but a lacy thong. I nearly came right then, biting my lip to keep myself contained. Almost every man in the restaurant was focused on my Nikki now, and I was so aroused it was unbearably painful.
Nikki's hand was at my crotch again, this time she slid her hand under my waistband and underwear. I almost exploded at her touch but forced myself to look at Miguel and ask him about his upcoming business trip, trying to calm myself down.
I felt something go around my cock, and for a second, I thought she had put on a condom for me, and I was grateful. However, as soon as I shifted in my seat, I realized it was not a condom, but a thick hair tie, and every time I moved the slightest inch, it rubbed against my penis, stimulating me to no end.
I would kill her for this, I thought, coughing to cover up my moan. I would fuck her until she died of orgasmic bliss.
Aunt Nikki seemed to hear my thoughts and turned to me and gave me an evil grin, before pulling the top of her dress to the side briefly and jiggling her breasts. My eyes snapped back to Miguel, he was grinning ear to ear knowing that Nikki was teasing me, seemingly to my breaking point.
After a few minutes of talking to Miguel, my erection had calmed down and I was starting to relax. Of course, every time I moved, I felt the hair tie around my penis rub me.
Aunt Nikki rearranged herself in the seat, adjusting her dress around her waist, so she wasn't showing off as much anymore. She then moved her hands in between her legs, pulled her dress even higher up, exposing the thong in a brighter light. I saw now that it was hardly underwear, more like a few lacy strings tied together. She hooked her fingers around the sides of the panties and pulled up, hard.
The string between her legs was yanked up against her clit, and I could almost feel her pleasure as she jerked the string around, causing it to rub into her pussy. I could barely pull my eyes away to meet Miguel's and continue the conversation, but my ears were hyper-aware of every little sigh she emitted from pleasure.
I looked around the restaurant and saw that several of the guests were stealing glances at Nikki. I was fighting the urge to just pull out my cock and jerk off.
I was just about to excuse myself to go to the bathroom when Nikki raised to do the same. As she did, in one smooth motion, she got up and pulled the hem of her dress down. Looking at her walking to the restroom, you'd never suspect that she had just been rubbing herself in front of a restaurant full of staring strangers.
Nikki did not come back from the table for several minutes. When she did, Miguel pulled her chair out for her, as she sat, she expertly lifted her dress again. I noticed she had abandoned the thong in the bathroom.
I continued to stare, unable to tear my eyes away, as she opened her handbag and removed a dildo from the bag. She laid it on the table, then leaned forward and whispered to Miguel and I, "Boys, the fun is just getting started."
Nikki with a quick but subtle movement inserted the tip of the dildo into her pussy. I felt my already impossibly hard erection grow even more. She continued inserting the toy, slowly, enjoying herself as she made me squirm with lust. As she finished inserting the dildo, she sat back in her chair acting normally, as if nothing out of the ordinary was happening.
Conversation also went on as normal for a few more minutes, before Nikki reached between her legs and turned on the dildo.
There was no change in her expression, but I could hear a quiet, barely-noticeable humming noise. I groaned with lust, as I imagined the dildo, vibrating and moving inside of her, bringing her to a climax. Her eyes would occasionally flutter shut, and sometimes a moan a pleasure would escape her lips, but I was amazed with her ability to stay quiet.
After a few minutes of this unimaginable tension both at the table and in my pants, she began grinding herself against the dildo. Her chest barely moved, but Miguel and I knew Nikki was full-on masturbating. Her hips rocked back and forth over the dildo, vibrating and moving inside of her.
I couldn't stand it anymore. Every little thing she'd done this night, from the near-nudity, to the actual nudity, from the jiggling her breasts, to the hand job, to the hair tie she put around my dick, seemed to all come together as my penis became a rock.
"Well, I guess it's time to go now," said Miguel, and he stood up.
Nikki definitely couldn't stand up immediately. She acted naturally as she slid her dress down and removed the dildo, slipping it into her handbag.
Miguel quickly took care of the check and we left the restaurant.
The valet brought the car around, Miguel got in to drive and Nikki and in climb into the back seat of the SUV.
Just a few seconds after we left the parking lot Nikki removed the dildo from her purse, pulled up her dress, placed the dildo on the seat and began bouncing up and down on the dildo, to hoots, hollers and moans from Miguel and I. She pulled the shoulders of her dress off to reveal her breasts, bouncing as she slammed the dildo in and out of her hot pussy.
Her dress was wrapped around her middle, no longer hiding her beautiful body, and I couldn't be happier. I couldn't take it any longer, I wrenched the dildo out from underneath Nikki and turned it off.
I pushed her down on to the floor of the SUV, she was on her knees facing me. She knew what I wanted and needed, yanking my pants down, finally releasing my rock-hard cock.
With my pants off, I lifted the dress from her body and threw it to the floor before I pulled her onto my cock, straddling me, with her back to Miguel's seat, I slammed myself into her as hard as I could.
Nikki tried to get off of me but I was going to let that happen. I was too horny. She said "let's wait till we get home" but I pushed her back down, slamming her balls deep into my granite hard cock.
"You've been very, very bad," I muttered. Miguel heard me and laughed. I moaned as I pumped my cock into her, fucking her brains out as we traveled down the highway.
Finally, thankfully I came! Harder and better than I'd ever came before rope after rope of hot cum filling her pussy. I could feel the cum oozing down onto my balls as she continued to ride me.
Immediately after erupting I purposely slowed down, not letting her orgasm, but riding out my own.
"Please," she yelled, thrashing against me unsuccessfully, "Make me come!"
I laughed mercilessly, thrusting slowly in and out of her. She screamed in frustration and attempted to bounce and grind to top of me to finish off herself, but I quickly grabbed her by the waist controlling her movements.
"Had enough?" I murmured, "Are you ready to be good?"
"Yes," she moaned, "Yes, of course, please!"
Even though I had just come, Aunt Nikki had teased me so much at dinner that I was still rock hard and ready to fill her again with my cum. I took off, thrusting hard and fast, just like I knew she liked it. She started moaning, screaming and thrashing on top of me. I knew it wouldn't be long before she gave in to her pleasure.
We came together, her pussy clenching around my dick, taking us to heaven and back. I let her draw herself closer to me and unbutton my shirt so I could feel her naked chest against mine. We rocked slowly, riding out our orgasms.
"I love you," she whispered into my ear, nibbling my lobe.
"Love you too," I said, kissing her passionately.
Nikki turned to Miguel, "Babe, thank you for dinner but get us home fast so we can have dessert!"