It started out as a friendly wager.
I didn't know anything about women's soccer but I liked to egg her on as if I knew more about it than she did. She was obviously much more knowledgeable about the subject than I ever would be since she played soccer her whole life and watched the pro's on tv.
"Megan Rapinoe is a scrub." I said.
"Are you high?!" She exclaimed. "Megan is one of the most elite players in the world. She could probably play on some men's team."
"HA!" I interjected. "She would get eaten alive! The best woman athlete can't hold a candle to the men's worst athlete." Oh, I was really digging myself a hole...
"Oh really?!?" She replied in a half shocked, half challenging tone. "Well Mr. Man, how bout we make a little wager then..."
Now we're talkin'. "What kinda wager?" I asked coyly.
"You and me, mano a mano. Winner take all."
"Mano a girl, you mean? And at what?" I taunted her.
She glared at me and through squinted eyes she said "Soccer... bitch."
I laughed and said "That's not fair! You've played your whole life and you know that I've never even tried!"
"So? I thought you said even the best female athlete couldn't defeat the worst male one? And since I'm the best female athlete in this room and you're... well, you, I think it's a fair match."
I loved it. She was really tearing into me. But just to add fuel to the fire I said "You know what, you're right! This will be a cake walk. I'm gonna absolutely dominate you. It's gonna be so humiliating for you when I make you my bitch at your own sport." Gulp. Uh oh.
"Is that right?" Her eyes were wide as she studied me. Clearly planning her attack. "In that case, lets make it interesting. The winner gets to take 10 penalty shots at the loser."
"Uhh, okay, but that doesn't sound so ba-"
"Naked." Her eyes were like 2 laser beams directed straight at me. I could almost feel her undressing me right there and then.
"Err, uh heh. Psssh" I tried to play it cool. "Ya that's totes fine. I mean, why not? I'd love to see you in your birthday suit, covering up and trying to block my shots." My confident tone had changed into one of unconvincing self-assurance.
"Ok then. It's on." She said with a smile and put out her hand for a handshake. I smiled back and extended mine, but at the last minute moved it away and pretended to comb back my hair and said "Too slow!' with a stupid grin. She gave a false chuckle and flashed me a sinister grin of her own.
___________________
We decided on an indoor field at a local gym. It was a Tuesday night and not too many people came to this gym, so we figured it'd be a good spot for naked shenanigans. Not much risk of anyone barging in on us, ya know? We also reserved the field just to be extra safe.
I wore a t-shirt, tighty whiteys, basketball shorts, socks and sneakers. She wore a long-sleeved tee, thong, windbreaker pants, socks and sneakers.
"I can't believe you agreed to this, I can't wait to see you all naked and embarrassed covering yourself while I kick this at you" and proceeded to kick a nearby soccer ball toward a net, but missed wildly.
She giggled and said "Oh wow, this is gonna be easier than I thought."
I sneered and said "That was just a warm-up kick!" Truthfully it was the first time I'd ever kicked a soccer ball with the intent of scoring a goal. I really had no idea what I was doing. And I knew that she knew as well.
She kicked a ball to the center of the court and while putting a tie around her hair asked "Ready?"
I said "Sure, but what exactly are the rules? How do we play without a team? Or at least without someone in the goal?"
She rolled her eyes and said "Omg. I should just make you strip and take your punishment right now."
"Hardy-har-har"
"It's simple" she explained, "we start with the ball in the middle of the center circle. Count down from 3 and then try to take control of the ball and score in the other one's net."
"That's it?"
"That's it." She said matter-of-factly.
"So I just have to muscle the ball from you?" I scoffed.
"You can try." She winked.
And with that we were at it. We placed the ball in the center of the circle and counted down from 3. She was fast. She kicked the ball through my legs before I even made 2 steps and scored within seconds.
I stood there dumbfounded with my mouth agape while she returned a toothy smirk. "Lucky shot!" I said.
"Oh ya? Wanna make our little wager a little more exciting?"
Hook.
I asked "Wha... What do you mean?"
"For every goal I score, you have to take off an item of clothing."
"And if I score a goal?"
She laughed and said "Honey, If you manage to even take a single shot, I will forfeit and let you tie me to the goal naked."
Line.
I didn't think twice. "You're on!"
"Good" she said, "now, take something off."
"I thought you meant starting next goal!" I crooned.
"Hey, I'm wagering on you simply taking a shot, remember? The scales are clearly in your favor. You probably won't even have to take anything else off."
Sinker.
She made a convincing argument. And with that I took off my shirt.
We went back to the center circle and I already felt exposed. I wasn't really out of shape but I didn't typically hang out around people without a shirt on... We counted down from 3 and again she struck like lightning as she kicked the ball away from me and shouldered me out of the way en route to scoring another goal.
She offered the same smirk as the first time as she watched me remove my shoes. I glared back at her in vain. We headed back to the circle. Counted down from 3 and as I lunged forward to try and use my body to shield her away from the ball I slipped and fell ass backward onto the turf and watched from an almost up-side down angle as she gingerly kicked the ball over near the goal and taunted with a histrionic yawn. She gave the ball a gentle nudge and it barely crossed the goal line.
I looked at her pleadingly. She knew I hated being barefoot in front of people. She showed no mercy as she trotted toward me, soccer ball in tow and mocked "So what's it gonna be?" eyeing my shorts and socks.
I frowned and removed one sock at a time. It felt humiliating standing there barefoot and topless in front of this beautiful girl that I had been taunting just earlier in the day. And I was loving it.
She placed the ball in the middle of the circle and said "Phew, I thought you might've had me there with that slip-n-slide move" and I could sense the teasing in her voice.
I blurted out. "I can't wait to have you tied naked to that goal."
She gave me a knowing grin and began to count down from 3. This time I waited and let her make the first move. She kicked the ball out to her right with her left leg and I attempted to trip her as she went by. She could tell what I was doing, and easily avoided my attempt to thwart her and said "Oh is that how it's gonna be?" and kicked the ball in the direction of the goal but not all the way in. She then circled back in my direction.
She had this hard expression on her face as she charged me and I must have looked like a deer in headlights as I screamed out "I'm sorry!" and began to run away from her. But she said "Oh no you don't" and grabbed the waistband of my shorts. I jerked forward and fell to my knees. She then grabbed the waistband of my underwear and yanked them up my ass. "What are you doing?!?" I cried.
"I'm tired of you always saying how men are so superior to women. It's time a strong woman showed you who's boss."
"I was just kidding!" I moaned. "Please let go of my underwear! This is so embarrassing!"
She then yanked my shorts down to my knees and while holding my underwear like a leash commanded me to crawl toward the soccer ball. I must have looked ridiculous as she lead my by my tighty whiteys around the field with my shorts bunched up around my knees.
We got to the soccer ball and she put her foot on my back pushing me into a prone position with my elbows flared out at my sides and my legs now laying flat on the ground. She let go of my underwear and promptly removed my shorts. She dangled them in front of me as she explained "What you tried to do back there was a foul. I'm removing these as a penalty." I simply laid there motionless, looking back up at her, aware of my impending punishment.
"Now" she started, "we can call this a draw. You can maintain what little shred of dignity you have left and walk away. Just admit that Megan Rapinoe is capable of beating a man."
I gazed upward at her. Aware of my state of undress. How absurd I must have looked lying face down on a gym soccer field wearing nothing but my underwear wedged up my ass. I replied "Megan Rapinoe is a bitch." I wanted this.
She smiled a triumphant grin, and without looking scored the final goal.
Next thing I knew I was being raised off the ground by a sensational burning in my ass. She was lifting me up by my underwear. She had it up to my shoulder blades. "Ahhh!! Oh my god, pleeeeeease!!" I squawked.
"Please what?" She asked in an innocent tone? "What do you want this little itty bitty girl to stop doing to you?"
"Please!...Ugggh, stop... Oww!... Wedgieing me!!... Ow!"
"What's that? I'm sorry I couldn't quite hear you..." she mocked in a girly voice.
I felt her grip my forehead and begin pulling it back. She was trying to pull my underwear up over my head. "NOOO!! PLEASE!! NOO!! I'M SORRY!"
She didn't care. She wanted to humiliate me. Show me her strength. Remind me how easily she had defeated me. And she did. She pulled my underwear up over my head and then laughed.
"Oh. My. God!" She exclaimed. "Look at you! You look so pathetic! Hahaha!"
"Okay! Let me out! You've had your fun!"
"Oh, not even close" she replied. "Did you forget our wager?"
I turned in her direction (unable to see due to the underwear in my face) "Seriously?!? Isnt this enough??"
"Oh no!" she proclaimed, and proceeded to lead me over to the goal. "Now stand still!" she belted out as I heard her jog over to the penalty arc.
Next thing I knew I was being pelted mercilessly by soccer balls. I wanted desperately to remove my newfound headgear but decided it was in my best interest to cover my manhood. I turned and gave her a good look at my wedgied ass.
"Oh good! A target!" I heard her say. My ass was literally target practice for this petite beautiful woman that I was mocking just earlier in the day for being inferior to men. And yet here I was, reverted to a little boy while she bullied me with a barrage of smacks to my ass via soccer balls. One of them hit me in the upper back and I fell to my knees.
"I think that's about 10" I heard her say and she sauntered over to me. I lay on my hands in knees, ass and barefeet exposed to her, underwear still over my head. "Got anything to say?" she asked in a mocking tone.
"You win." I said quietly.
"What's that?"
"You win" I said louder. "You beat me. Girls can play sports just as well as men."
She pulled on my underwear and emphasized the word "WO-MEN can play just as well as men." and gave another tug gesturing me to repeat.
"Wo-women" I stammered "can play just as well."
"If not better." she added.
"If not better" I repeated.
"Good. Now then, tell me who's the victor and who's the bitch."
I gawked at her. She tugged on my underwear. "Ya-you.. You're the victor and I'm you're..." my voice trailed off.
She gave my underwear a really hard tug and I cried out "You're bitch! I'm your bitch! Oww, please! I'm sorry! I'm your bitch! Oooooowwww!"
With a triumphant smile she said "Good" and proceed to rip my underwear completely off of me.
I yelped as my ass raised up in the air and my knees left the ground momentarily and then I crashed down onto the field in a heap.
Just then we heard a knock on the door and my friend looked at the clock and said "Uh oh, looks like our time allotment for this gym is up, I think the girl's soccer team has this field reserved next..."
I looked up at her in shock and said "Quick, get me my clothes!"
She just stood there, with her head cocked, and arm angled so her elbow was pointing down and her hand was near her head twirling my underwear in a pensive expression. She stared at me, laying on the ground, completely naked holding myself slightly up by my elbows.
"I have a better idea..." she said as an evil smile slowly crept across her face.
To be continued.