Chapter 01 - Peep Show
I walked up the path to her door, number 6 as explained in my instructions. I'd never been before, never really even spoken properly to this girl, but here I was approaching her door, off the back of some depraved text conversations we'd started only a few days earlier. It was crazy how this situation had come about, beginning with the odd passing glance at work, then accelerated rapidly from an on-line chat a few days ago, on a certain well-known social media network.
My heart was pounding and I was nervous. Whilst I am unashamedly a complete pervert inside, with little limitations to what I'd like to explore sexually, I was still new to actually acting on this. That's why I was so lucky to have found this girl. Like butter wouldn't melt on the outside, but inside she was a complete and utter slut who would do anything for cock. And today she was my slut. And it was my cock.
I didn't knock, but reached straight for the handle, it opened straight away. As per agreement, the front door was to be unlocked to allow me to walk straight inside. I stepped in and began to take it all in, part of me couldn't believe I was lucky enough to be going through with this, but here I was inside her house.
I closed the door behind me, making sure I did it quite firmly so that it could be heard round the house, a little sign to let her know I'd arrived. Somewhere upstairs I knew that she'd have heard me, and be as excited as I was at what she was about to do. I crept quietly up the stairs, although the odd creak would have told her where I was. As I reached the top, I looked down the landing and saw my target -- her bedroom door was slightly ajar. Outside the door, again as I'd instructed her, she'd discarded her panties, a little black lacy pair. I knew I'd love them, she had great taste in underwear, she dressed for men. And as soon as she'd found out about my huge fetish for panties, she'd played on it with her teasing, telling me what she had on each day, sending me pics of them, asking what I wanted her to wear on a morning......
It was then as I stepped closer that I first noticed the soft moaning coming from inside the room. As I got to the door and peeped through, I met an absolutely beautiful sight. Even though I knew what to expect (I was very clear in my instructions) the sight still made me catch my breath. There she was, lying on her bed, naked but for a pair of black stilettos with long pointed heels. She was touching herself gently, running her hands over her boobs, and one slipped lightly over her pussy. She wasn't really wanking as such yet, more just getting in the mood, maybe waiting for someone to show off to.
We'd agreed that there would be no contact or even interaction on my visit, but she wanted me to peep through the door whilst she satisfied herself, and I could wank whilst watching her. I let out a quiet cough, again part of the agreed plan to let her know I was there, although I'm not sure she noticed. She seemed in her own dirty little world, completely oblivious to me or anything else. She was lying back on the bed, propped up against pillows. Her legs were wide apart, with her cunt brazenly on display to me. I could easily see it glistening with wetness, even from this distance, she'd clearly been playing for a little while before I arrived.
She has the most fantastic body, voluptuous with beautiful boobs, and here the slut was displaying it purely for my benefit. She was tweaking at her nipples, almost tugging them quite hard now. Maybe she was punishing herself for being such a whore, or maybe she just liked the pain/pleasure mix. Either way it was a hell of a site, my hand slipped subconsciously to my cock.
As her hands moved down to begin working on her cunt, I unfastened my belt, and unzipped my jeans. I could have slipped my cock out and played with it, but this was such a special occasion I slipped them right down to my ankles to make me feel extra naughty.
My cock was already rock hard from the show I'd seen so far, and I started to stroke it as she began fingering her tight little hole, First she slipped one finger inside, then two and then a third. I imagined those fingers were my cock -- god I was fucking aching for it to be my prick sliding in and out of her pussy, but remembered the agreement. I stared transfixed as she fucked herself with her hand.
She removed her fingers and then showed what a brazen slut she is. She raised her ass of the bed to give me an even better view, then one of my favourite things, she used both hands to pull her cunt wide open for me -- I could see right up this slag's hole and she was loving it, gyrating her hips a little as if to tease me. Boy she loved to tease. Right then, and just for the briefest second, she glanced at the door, and me stroking my cock through the tiny opening, and a dirty little smile appeared across her face.
It was then that I remembered the panties, and bent down to pick them up -- black lacy french knickers, she had great taste and played to my weakness for them. They were soaking -- I'd told her to play with herself in them before I arrived to get them wet, and push them right inside herself, and it had worked. I raised them to my nose and realised I was shaking with excitement. I inhaled and got the most wonderful mix of her perfume and her pussy -- if possible my cock got even harder and I felt I was getting close to cumming. I'd imagined this moment probably since the first night we ever started talking on-line, when we'd first found out our mutual thirst for excitement. I'd craved being able to be close to her pussy, play with her panties, be able to touch something that had been so close to her cunt.
I spread the gusset wide and ran my tongue up and down the material. Holy shit. The mix of cotton and her beautiful juices were on my tongue drove me wild. All the time I was tasting her, I was watching the slut writhe about on the bed for my pleasure. As I began to get close to cumming, I sensed she was too, and she reached under her pillow and pulled out a pink, plastic vibrator, about 8 inches long.
Still with her legs wide open, and her cunt openly displayed to me, she started to tease herself by sliding the tip of the toy up and down her pussy lips. She slipped it in about an inch, no more, then took it out. I could easily hear her begin to pant and knew she wasn't far from cumming, and neither was I.
My cock was throbbing and my balls were ready to erupt at any second -- I stroked harder and faster as she suddenly took the vibrator and slid it completely inside her to the hilt. She couldn't stifle a huge groan as it went in, she'd clearly been desperate to get that inside her for some time. She even started moaning gently "Oh god yes, fuck me. Slide your cock up me and fuck me. Use me. Use my slutty pussy". The dirty bitch was imagining the toy was my cock.
She was obviously right on the point of no return, and rammed the plastic cock in and out of her hole hard and fast with one hand, whilst sawing at her clit with the other. This slut had just one thing on her mind -- she wanted to cum for me as fast and hard as she could, and she was there.
She started screaming and shaking as she began to cum. That pushed me over the edge and jet after jet of hot sticky cum erupted from my cock, and I held the panties out to catch as much as I could. Most went straight into the gusset of her panties as I'd promised, with the odd drop falling onto the floor. We were both groaning as we came for quite a while, then she began to come down, she slipped the dildo out of herself and again just laid there with her pussy wide open for me to see. It was red, soaking, and looked well and truly fucked.
As we'd agreed that there'd be no contact, I laid the panties down on the carpet for her to find, then pulled up my shorts and jeans. Just before I left I had one look at that beautiful slut lying on the bed. The first visit had been a success, but I was desperate to fuck that beautiful cunt of hers. Who knows maybe next time I would. Or maybe next time I'd bring a mate and let him have his turn peeping through the door. I know my slut would love to perform for a stranger.
Anyway, that was for another day as I turned and headed down the stairs, out of the house and got back in the car. Heading back to work I couldn't wipe the smile off my face, that had been quite a lunch hour.
Later that afternoon, I got a text from her telling me she'd kept her end of the agreement. After I'd left, as agreed she went onto the landing, found the panties I'd left on the floor, and put them on. She said she'd even seen the odd drop on the floor and knelt down to lick it up. She described the delight of feeling the hot sticky cum press against her pussy as she pulled the panties up. How she rubbed herself gently through them, pushing my cum all over her pussy, and even a little up inside her.
She also enjoyed the fact that all afternoon she could feel my cum on her everywhere she went. I laughed when I read that she'd felt particularly awkward when she'd met a couple of clients, paranoid that they'd notice her squirming in her seat, or smell the huge load that was sticking to her pussy and panties. But she was a slut -- so what if they could smell the cum on her, so what if they laughed about what a whore she was in the car on the way home -- this was just the beginning.