I had the evening meal just about ready when I saw Chris's car pull into the driveway. He breezed into the kitchen in his usual way and gave me a hug and a wet kiss. "How's my best girl?" I smiled, as this was his usual comment; it was the same one he always used.
He went to wash up as I put the meal out on the table. I thought to myself, where had the excitement gone in our marriage? Yes, I still loved Chris, but I loved the old spontaneous Chris better, the Chris who would come in, sweep me off my feet, and make love to me there and then wherever we were.
We ate the first course in comparative silence with Chris scanning through the evening paper. It was only after I had served the main course that he looked over at me. "I've got some good news and some bad new for you," he said. "Which do you want to hear first?"
I shrugged. "Let's have the bad, and then at least the good might cheer me up."
"Well," he said, "the bad is that I've got to go over to Amsterdam next Thursday for a meeting with Endox. It's that new account I have been working on. They have invited me over for a final meeting and to join them for dinner on Friday." I looked at him, stunned for a minute. Friday was our wedding anniversary.
"You can't, not next Friday!" I said. "It's our wedding anniversary, not next Friday!"
He looked solemn for a moment, and then he broke into a smile. "Here's the good news. When I told Jake, my boss, I couldn't go because it was our wedding anniversary, he said I could take you with me and we could stay over the weekend at the company's expense."
I dashed around the table, threw my arms around his neck, and kissed him. "That will be wonderful, darling. I haven't been to Amsterdam for over ten years. I loved it when I was there in my student days."
I spent the next few days sorting out clothes and packing, and early Thursday we drove to our local airport. From there it was only just over an hour's flight to Amsterdam, and well before lunchtime, we were landing at Schiphol airport. After locating our luggage, we made our way to the arrival lounge and quickly located our Driver from Endox.
A short ten mile drive brought us into the town centre. The car pulled up in Dam square in front of the imposing elegance of the Hotel Krasnapolsky. A liveried doorman opened the car door and took our bags from the driver. Inside, a smiling receptionist greeted us, and we were quickly checked in and on the way up to our room. Well, I was expecting a room, but what we found ourselves in was a luxury apartment. I could not believe it! I was like a small, excited child dragging Chris from room to room. On a table in the spacious lounge we found a dozen red roses, a bottle of champagne, and a large box of Belgium chocolates. A small note from Endox said, "Welcome to Amsterdam."
We had just finished unpacking when the phone rang. Chris picked it up. It was from Endox. They wanted an early meeting with Chris that afternoon to sort out something before the big meeting tomorrow. I was a little disappointed to be left on my own so soon, but I told Chris to get off. There was plenty for me to do and the shops were close by.
After Chris had gone, I showered in the large bathroom with the sunken Jacuzzi and changed into a light dress and strappy sandals. It was a lovely day outside and I thought it was a pity to be cooped up inside. The doorman smiled and acknowledged me as I walked down the steps into the bright sunlight. Dam square was as crowded as I remembered it to be all those years ago.
People stood around watching the street entertainers and looking for bargains at the peddler's stalls. I found a seat in one of the pavement cafés and ordered a large cappuccino. I sat there for an hour watching the world go by. It was wonderful.
I spent the next couple of hours doing some serious damage to my credit card in the many large department stores that lined the road leading from Dam square. I purchased the most exquisite nightdress and some exciting undies that I knew Chris would adore, as well as a few other items that caught my eye before I returned back to the hotel laden with bags. A note on reception told me that Chris would be arriving back at the hotel at five-thirty. I checked my watch: that was in about an hour and a half.
Back in the apartment, I spent some time checking out my purchases and trying on the new undies I had bought. Then I went in and ran the bath. It felt quite an exciting experience to be wandering around our lovely apartment in my new undies. In the bathroom, I slipped off my bra and panties and slid down into the warm, soapy water. I turned the jets on and lay back. I must have been very tired after our journey and early start because I quickly fell asleep.
I woke up suddenly on hearing Chris's voice calling me. I rubbed my eyes. I felt chilly as the water had cooled down. I stepped out of the bath, grabbed a robe, and wound a towel around my wet hair. Just then Chris's head appeared around the bathroom door. He smiled. "Just wondering where you were. I've got Carl outside from Endox. He wants to meet you."
I looked down at my outfit. "Like this?"
Chris smiled. "You'll do," he said with a big grin. "Everything's covered."
He took my hand and led me out into the lounge. A tall, well built guy was standing looking out of the window. He turned as we came in and smiled. He apologized when he saw my outfit. "Sorry to disturb you, but I just had to meet you after all Chris has said about you." He took my hand and squeezed it in a firm grip.
Carl, it turned out, was from Sweden. He was chief engineer at Endox.
We all chatted for a while over a good bottle of wine that Chris had taken from the large, well stocked mini-bar. I noticed Carl glancing over in my direction from time to time. It made me feel a little excited as I was not wearing anything under my robe, and I guess he realised that. At last, with some reluctance, Carl said he must leave and that he would come over and collect us later to take us on a tour of the city at night. We all said our goodbyes.
Later that evening, we found ourselves in the hotel bar awaiting Carl's arrival. He suddenly came bustling in, a big smile on his rugged face. We had a quick drink and then hit the town. A place like Amsterdam takes on a different cloak at night. Gone are the locals and the worried looking office workers, replaced by hundreds of tourists, searching the night for the bright lights of the many restaurants, bars, cafés, and night spots.
We ate in a small Italian place. Carl was good company and knew his way about. He insisted that we forgo coffee in the restaurant and try one of the small coffee shops that Amsterdam is famous for. We finished up in the Bulldog, the first and probably the most famous coffee shop in Amsterdam. The sweet aroma of the air enveloped us as we walked in the place. The music was good and the strong, dark coffee was served by a smiling waitress. "Have you ever tried the special products available here?" Carl inquired.
Chris shook his head. "Never touched the stuff since my student days. It's too risky in the UK."
Carl smiled. "It's legal here. You should try some; not the really hard stuff, just the weed."
Chris was a bit reluctant, but I remembered what it had done for me when I was over here in my student days, and it was our wedding anniversary. Maybe it would make things interesting, so after a little persuasion, he agreed to try some. Carl took us downstairs to meet the friendly dealer, who showed us his products and gave us his advice on what we should buy. It was quite like the old days when I sat back and inhaled the cool sweet smoke deep into my lungs.
A bottle of wine and two more roll ups later and we were all in a very relaxed mood, but then Carl's mobile rang. It was Endox. There was a problem at the plant. "Will you two be okay? I will have to go." We walked out into the cool night air and flagged down a taxi for him.
We stood outside the Bulldog, not sure what to do now that Carl had left. I felt pretty good, and the way Chris was gripping my hand, I guess he was feeling the same. We walked slowly down the canal side following the crowds of tourist, and before we knew it, we were passing brightly illuminated doorways occupied by attractive, and some not so attractive, scantily dressed young ladies. As we stood and watched, young and old men were chatting to the girls and then disappearing inside. Discreetly drawn curtains
hid the carnal transactions from prying eyes.
I wondered what it must be like to be one of these women, to display yourself publicly to passers by, and to take strangers to your bed. I wondered just how many times a night they would lie on their backs with some stranger, thrusting urgently into them, only minutes later to be back in the window, standing, smiling, awaiting yet another client.
I suddenly saw that Chris was taking more than a casual interest in the girls. His arm was around me, under my light coat, and as we walked, he was gently squeezing the swell of my breast. "Do you like the display?" I asked.
He nodded, a slight wistful smile on his face. "There are some beautiful women."
I looked at him for a moment. "Would you like one?" He looked at me, stunned for a moment. "As an anniversary present from me."
"You're kidding me," he said.
I shook my head. "I was only thinking we ought to become more adventurous. Our love life is going stale."
He looked hurt for a moment and then he smiled. "It's not the same as it used to be. We do need to do something about it."
We were standing in front of three doorways where three attractive women dressed only in skimpy underwear stood behind the glass smiling at us. "Pick one."
Chris looked at me. "You really mean it, don't you?" I nodded. He shook his head. "I can't-- I shouldn't," he stammered.
"How about the blond in the middle? She has big breasts and you like big breasts, don't you?" I asked. He shrugged. I went over and knocked on the glass. The girl slid open the door. She smiled, and to my surprise, in an American accent, she drawled, "Just what can I do for you, honey?" When I told her, she smiled. "It's your money, darling, and it gets you whatever you want down here."
Chris was standing where I had left him, an incredulous look on his face. I beckoned him forward. The blond smiled and held the door open for us to enter. Then she drew the curtains across the glass. The room behind her was small, containing just a small bed, a night stand with a light on it, and a small wash basin. "Well, honey," she said, smiling at Chris, "I've seen some things in my time, but this is the first time I've been paid by the wife to see her husband get blown." Chris was still in a daze as I paid the girl and sat down on a chair.
She pushed Chris down onto the bed. "I guess you want to see the goods," she said with a grin. "Your lady here says you are a tit man." With that, she released her bra and displayed her magnificent orbs that by my guess were easily an E cup and possibly bigger. Chris looked at them in wonderment. I still don't think he realised what was happening. She lifted up his hands and placed them on her breasts. He caressed them gingerly. "Quite a handful, aren't they honey, and they're all mine."
She then got on her knees in front of him. He didn't object, just looked at me as she unzipped his pants. She pulled out his cock that was still only semi hard and began to work it in her expert hands. Chris was till stroking her breasts as I saw his cock begin to reach its full potential. She reached in a drawer of the bed stand and came out with a condom, tore at the packet with her teeth, and unrolled the sheath along the length of his cock.
Next, I watched as her mouth engulfed his weapon and her head began to bob in his lap. It was an awesome scene. Here we were, my darling hubby sitting on a bed in a grubby quarter of Amsterdam's red light district while a half naked blond, her large tits swinging, blew him. I could not help pressing my fingers between my thighs, feeling the ache in my pussy. Then I looked up as Chris began to groan. I watched as he pulled on her nipples that were by now hard and extended. Then suddenly, with a cry, he came. He sat there for a moment as she withdrew her mouth from his cock. She slid the condom off his wilting manhood, and tied a knot in it before dropping it into a waste bin.
As Chris redressed himself, she stood up and slipped back into her bra. She turned to me and smiled. "It was nice to meet you folks. You should come by again sometime." Then she opened the door and let us out.
Outside in the cool night air, Chris looked at me and smiled. I pulled him into my arms and kissed him tenderly. "Happy anniversary," I whispered softly into his ear.
He put his arms around me and held me tightly. "Do you know what I need now?" I looked at him. "A fucking big drink." We laughed and headed for the nearest bar.
Over a bottle of wine, we smoked more of our grass. We were like two teenagers. We held hands, we kissed, and we cuddled, something we had not done for some time, well, not in public anyway. On our way back to the hotel, Chris pulled me into darkened doorways and we kissed, his hands and mine urgently exploring each other's bodies.
Back in the hotel, the bemused night porter handed us our key as he cast his eyes over our disheveled clothing. In the lift, we clung to each other. I felt his hand slide up under my skirt and pull at my panties, easing them down over my hips. Then he was cupping my pussy, his fingers sliding easily into the warm wetness.
At last we managed to make it to our suite, but that was as far as we got. Buttons popped and cloth ripped as we tore the clothes from each other's bodies. Naked at last, we fell onto the large sofa. Tonight I didn't want the foreplay; I just wanted to feel Chris inside me. I spread my legs and clasped them around him as he slid between them. Then he was easing himself inside me, his hard cock filling me. My fingers raked his back as I thrust myself up at him, wanting to feel every last inch deep in my body. Then I lay back, and slowly at first, and then with urgency, he began to fuck me. It was incredible, it was wonderful! Maybe it was the weed, but I had not felt like this for months, even years.
I don't know how long we went on for it seemed ages. Orgasm after orgasm ripped through my body. Once Chris had cum, he only needed a short breather and he was ready for more. At last, tired and exhausted, we assisted each other from the sofa and made it to the bathroom. We revitalized ourselves under the stinging shower, and wrapped in warm towels, we went back to the lounge to find a much needed drink.
It was only then that I realised that we had not bothered to draw the curtains. We were on the forth floor, but around the square, there were other buildings overlooking the Krasnapolsky. Had our urgent lovemaking been observed by secret watchers from another hotel, or even maybe a strolling night watchman in a darkened office building close by? I shivered slightly at the thought.
We were standing looking through the large window with Chris slightly behind me. Below us, the square was becoming quieter as the last of the night people made their way home. The pavement cafes were ready for closing, and bustling waiters, eager to get home to their loved ones, cleaned and cleared away the tables.
As we stood there looking out, I felt a slight tug on my towel. My hand reached to grab it, but Chris restrained me and the towel fell away. I was standing naked before the window. The light was on in the room and anyone looking in would be able to see me clearly. I tried to move but Chris held me in place. I felt scared but excited at the same time. "Chris, someone might see me," I pleaded.
"So what, who knows you here?" His hand slid under my arm and he began to caress my breast. I could sense the nipple was already hard.
I glanced at the glass to see my reflection in the darkness outside. I was totally exposed, everything was on display, while gently and tenderly, Chris caressed one of my breasts. "Touch yourself, my darling," he whispered in my ear. I couldn't believe what he was asking of me. Not only did he want to expose me, but he also wanted me to touch myself in front of whomever might be out there watching. But I just couldn't refuse him. I moved my hand to my pussy, and slowly and with some reluctance at first, began to touch myself. Quickly, a need took over, and soon I was beyond caring as my fingers thrust rapidly into my by now wet, streaming hole. Within minutes, I was bringing myself to a mind blowing climax.
He left me standing there for a moment as he turned and pulled up a chair. He instructed me to bend over and rest my hands on the seat. I just followed his instructions blindly. He gripped onto my hips, and then suddenly he was thrusting into me. I glanced again at the window and saw the reflection in the glass. What a sight we made! Two naked figures, me bent over, my large breasts swinging as he thrust into me, and Chris with his cock sliding in and out of my pussy. I have never been so turned on in my life. We had both cum several times in front of the window in view of God knows who. It was the most amazing sex I had ever had, and it will be something I will remember with affection for some time. At last we made it to bed, and among the cool Egyptian linen sheets, we fell into a satisfied sleep only to be awakened in the morning by a smiling waitress with an appetizing breakfast tray.
It was Friday and Chris's big meeting with Endox. I watched as he dressed in his smart dark suit, and we kissed goodbye when reception rang to say his taxi had arrived. I snuggled down into the bedclothes and soon fell back to sleep, dreaming about the exciting night we had. Later, I got up and took a leisurely bath, and after dressing, I went out and did the tourist things you are expected to do in Amsterdam: a trip on the canals and a visit to the Anne Frank house.
When I arrived back, Chris had already returned. He had had a good day and things had gone well.
All the contracts were signed and tonight we were invited out with the directors of Endox for a celebratory meal. We opened a bottle of crisp, white wine, and Chris poured two large glasses. "Last night was some night," he said. "It's been a long time since we have behaved like that."
I smiled. "It was rather fun wasn't it? Can't think what the people out there thought of us," I said with a smile, glancing across at the window in front of which we had made love. We both laughed.
"You really enjoyed it, didn't you, being exposed like that." Chris looked at me over his glass, saying this as a statement, and not a question.
I nodded slowly. "It was a little scary at first, but then the thrill of what we were doing kicked in. It was not knowing who was out there. There might have been just one person, there might have been dozens, there might have been nobody. I have never orgasmed so wildly and for so long."
Chris smiled. He reached out and took my hand and squeezed it. "I love you," he said tenderly. "I know things haven't been going too well between us, but I want us to start anew, make it like it was when we first met." I squeezed his hand back and smiled at him.
Chris took a shower while I laid out our things for tonight. I had a new dress that was a surprise for him. We kissed as I took his place in the shower. I felt closer to him at that moment than I ever had. He was just about dressed when I came out of the shower. He took the towel and tenderly dried my naked body. He kissed the tips of my breasts making my nipples stand out. I would have loved him to take it further, but we were running short of time.
I saw Chris watching me as I slipped into a brief black lace thong, then sat at the dressing table and eased on my lacy topped holdups. Like most red blooded men Chris loved me to wear stockings. I picked up the dress from the bed and stepped into it. Chris nodded his approval as I secured the strap around the back of my neck. "Wow, that's a bit daring," he grinned, looking at the deep vee that intersected my breasts and finished almost at my waist.
"Not too daring, is it?" I asked, a little concerned.
He shook his head. "You look stunning." I smiled, walked over and kissed him.
I have to admit that I did feel a little exposed in the dress. It was almost backless, and if my breasts had not been so firm, I would have been a little worried that they might spring loose from their brief concealment. As we made our way through reception, I could not help noticing many admiring glances in my direction. I smiled.
It was one of those things that make a girl feel good.
The restaurant we went to was superb. I was made very welcome by the three directors, all of whom had their wives with them. Carl and another guy called Hans who had worked on the project with Chris were also there. The meal and the wine were wonderful, and I gasped when opening a present that was given to me by the directors.
In it I found a beautiful diamond pendant. It was, I was told, an anniversary present. I took it from the box and allowed one of the directors to place it around my neck. Everyone admired it as it lay in the deep valley between my breasts, flashing sparkles of light over my skin.
With the meal over, we sat and chatted until everyone decided it was getting late and said their good-byes. They all said that they hoped that we both enjoyed the rest of our stay in Amsterdam, and that we must come over and visit them again soon. The company limo was waiting outside for the directors, and Hans said that he must head for home as his wife would be waiting up for him. Carl suggested a late drink and we strolled down the canal side looking for a bar. It was getting cool now and Chris put his jacket around my bare shoulders. I smiled and thanked him.
We found a bar on the edge of the red light district and ordered more wine. Carl produced some roll ups, and with the drinks we had consumed with the meal, and the wine and weed, we were both soon feeling in a happy and relaxed mood. We laughed and joked and Carl was totally amazed when I told him about Chris's anniversary present. "You are a very lucky man to have such a beautiful and understanding wife," he said to Chris, who grinned.
We moved on to another bar, the Pink Flamingo. it was hidden at the top of a small cul-de-sac not far from our hotel. Outside, it displayed a large flashing neon flamingo. The bar was a little rowdy, but by this time, we were all in the mood for anything, and I was beginning to feel the affects of what we had smoked and consumed and was holding on tightly to the two guy's arms.
We found three stools in front of the glass topped bar and ordered drinks from an attentive and smiling barmaid in a short reveling outfit. Suddenly the music started, and to our surprise, onto the top of the bar stepped two scantily dressed beauties. One of them smiled when she saw Carl who I guessed was obviously a regular in this place. They proceeded to dance along the bar, joking with the patrons and removing their brief outfits as they did so. In no time at all, they were both completely naked.
They then proceeded to slip down off the bar into the laps of the people sitting at the bar, allowing them, for a small donation, to freely explore their naked bodies. Chris got his turn from the dark haired beauty who giggled as he caressed her impressive twin orbs and pulled on already extended nipples. The tall blond with incredibly long legs sat on the bar and wrapped her legs around Carl's neck, and amid cheers from the crowd, pulled him down until his face was buried in the delights of her smooth hairless pussy.
When she at last let him free, she leaned forward and kissed him, thrusting her tongue deep into his throat. As she pulled away, I saw him speak to her, and she looked in my direction, nodded, and smiled. She slipped away from Carl and moved over to where I was sitting. She slid down onto my lap, thrusting her breasts against mine, and kissing me wetly on the lips. Then I felt her fingers on the strap of my dress. I tried to intervene, but my hands were pulled aside. Then suddenly the strap was undone and the dress was being eased down to the obvious delight of the crowd standing around us.
The blond revealed my naked breasts to everyone. I looked at Chris for help, but he just smiled.
The next thing I knew, the blond was down sucking on my exposed breasts. I couldn't believe the sensation I was feeling, not only to be exposed like this in such a place, but now to be actually enjoying the thrill of my breasts being sucked and my tender nipples being nipped while all around me men were straining to get a look at what was going on.
While she carried on mouthing my breasts, she took my hand and pressed it down between her thighs. I was not surprised to feel the wetness on her bare pussy, and I could not resist sliding my fingers into the warm wetness. She groaned and I squealed as she bit painfully into my tender nipple.
Then she looked around at her companion who was sitting on the bar watching the action between us. I was for a moment slightly disappointed when she turned from me and climbed back onto the bar. I tried to adjust my dress, pulling it up over my breasts, but before I could fasten it, I was suddenly grabbed by the arms by the two girls and pulled bodily up onto the bar. Once again the front of my dress was down around my waist, and my breasts were now on show to everyone in the room. Then they took a breast each and began to work on me with their mouths and hands. Being half naked in front of a room full of guys with two attractive naked girls sucking my breasts gave me an unbelievable feeling.
Suddenly amid cheers of encouragement from the crowd, I felt my dress being eased over my hips until it was free and it fell around my feet. I looked down to see Chris sliding the discarded dress off the bar into his lap. There was now a wild cheer from the crowd as I was displayed to them in just my brief black lace thong and hold ups. I knew instinctively that this wasn't the end; the excited crowd was now shouting for more. Around the room the cries of "off, off, off" rang in my ears. I looked down at Chris and Carl. Carl it seemed was leading the cheers, and when I looked at Chris, he just smiled and shrugged his shoulders.
As I listened to the screaming crowd, I knew I wanted them to see everything. I knew at that moment I wanted more than anything to experience that feeling of being totally naked in a room full of men, who had only one thing on their minds, to be able to see every intimate detail of my naked body. The music was throbbing in the air and I looked at my two naked companions now moving suggestively by my side. They smiled. The blond leaned forward and shouted in my ear over the noise of the crowd, "You're going to have to strip completely or we might not get out of here alive. I've never seen them so worked up."
The shouts of, "Off, Off, Off," was now accompanied by stamping on the floor. I knew I had to do it. As my fingers went to my last brief item, the chanting stopped, a cheer went up, and I noticed several mobile phones raised in the air. I quickly realised that somewhere in the crowd they were photographing the moment for posterity. I didn't waste any time. With one swift move, the thong was ripped away. The thin straps tore apart and I raised the tattered wet thong in the air and threw it into the crowd. In that moment, everything was revealed to them, and the room broke into thunderous applause. My two companions lifted my arms high above my head in a victory salute, and the sheer excitement of what I had just done almost made me cum on the spot.
As things began to quiet down, Chris and Carl helped me down from the bar. People pressed forward wanting to congratulate me and shake my hand. Chris helped me to pull my discarded dress over my head and retie it. The barmaid offered me a long drink which I accepted gratefully. Now I wanted to leave. I wanted to get back to the hotel. The thing I wanted more than anything was for Chris to make love to me.
We pushed our way through the crowd still wanting to thank me for the show, and soon were back on the street heading for the Krasnapolsky. At the steps of the hotel, we said good night to Carl. He kissed me on each cheek and thanked me for a wonderful evening. He said he would contact us tomorrow. We hurried to the lift, and before the doors closed, we were in each other's arms. I felt Chris pull up my skirt and his hands clutched my bare bottom as he thrust himself against me, grinding his groin up against my exposed pussy. In the short distance from the lift to our suite, I cheekily slipped out of the dress and ran along the corridor naked. Luckily, there were no other guests about at that time in the morning.
Once in the suite, we wasted no time and actually made it to the bedroom. I lay on the bed rubbing my finger along my well lubricated slit as Chris rapidly shed his clothes, and then he was between my legs, thrusting into me. That night I just couldn't get enough of him. He entered my dripping pussy time and time again until we were just too weary to do it any more and we fell into a deep sleep clutched in each other's arms.
The waitress with the breakfast tray woke us the following morning, but we managed to sleep again after we ate. When we woke later that morning, we both badly needed a shower and decide to share one. In the large shower, we soaped each other's bodies, lovingly caressing each other, but we manage to refrain from any sexual activity as I was still feeling a little tender from last night's action.
We decided that it might be a good idea to take things easy for a few hours. We had just had two hectic days, so we lounged about the suite in our robes. It was nice to have a bit of time to ourselves, and Chris wanted to know all about my feelings from last night in the bar and how it had been for me stripping in front of all those guys. I did have to admit that it had been an awesome experience, and I had not realised just how much I would be turned on by it. I asked him how he had felt seeing me naked with everyone cheering and shouting. He smiled and said he had loved it, and then he told me that it had always been one of his greatest fantasies to see me showing my naked body off in front of other guys. I grinned at him. "I bet you had a right good hard on when they were shouting for me to take my thong off."
He smiled and nodded. "I wasn't too sure that you would, but when you did, I almost came in my pants."
I went over and put my arm around him and kissed him. "We have had a great weekend and I think it's done us both good. We have learned things about each other and done things that we would have never done at home. Being over here in Amsterdam has given us the chance to do these things. When you are away from home, you can do these things, when you are somewhere where nobody knows you."
It was about three-thirty in the afternoon when the phone rang. It was reception to say that Carl was down stairs. Chris told them to tell him to come up. He put the phone down and turned to me. "Carl's on his way up."
I looked down at my robe. "Should I go and put something on?"
Chris smiled and shook his head. "I wouldn't bother. The way he was encouraging the crowd it might be more to his liking if you took something off. I think he quite fancies you."
I looked at Chris. "Do you think so?"
He nodded. "He couldn't take his eyes off you when you were up on the bar last night, and then the way he was looking at you when we helped you down......"
"How do you feel about that; does it worry you?"
He shook his head. "No, Carl is a good friend, and I don't think you are about to run off with him." He smiled. "Are you?"
I leaned over and kissed him, probing with my tongue deep into his throat. "Not when I've got a wonderful guy like you and what you've got down here." I slipped my hand in his robe and wrapped my hand around his cock. Almost immediately it began twitching into life. "Down boy," I said with a wicked grin, "we've got a visitor coming."
Carl breezed in as enthusiastic as ever. He smiled when he saw how we were dressed. "Hope I haven't interrupted something," he said with a grin.
Chris shook his head. "No such luck. We are just having a lazy day."
Carl nodded. "That's good, because we are all going out again tonight if that's okay with you."
We both nodded and Chris agreed. "Yes, that sounds fine. It's our last night, so we were going to make the most of it."
"What do you fancy doing; the bars, the clubs, a meal, or something a little more different?"
We looked at him with puzzled
interest. "Something different?"
He smiled. "Have you ever heard of the Red Rooster?" We both shook our heads. "Well, it's an interesting place and you should not miss an opportunity to go there while you are in Amsterdam. It is not easy to get into on weekends, but it just happens that I have managed to secure some VIP passes." With that, he reached in his pocket, and with a smile, he produced some tickets.
Chris looked across at Carl. "What's so special about the Red Rooster?"
Carl thought for a moment. "Well, have either of you ever been to a live sex show?"
Chris looked across at me and grinned. "No," he said with a smile, "it's not the thing we get a lot of in the UK."
Carl nodded. "So I'm told, but the Red Rooster is something different. It puts on the best acts you will ever see, not the dirty acts you see in the clubs in the red light district, but real class acts."
Chris looked over at me. "What do you think?"
I shrugged. "It might be something different. If you fancy it, darling, then let's do it."
Carl smiled. "Well, who's for a drink and a smoke?"
Chris looked at me. "It's an early start, but what the hell, you only live once." He got up from his chair, went over to the mini bar, and took out a couple of bottles of white wine. He pulled the cork on one bottle and poured out three glasses. Carl had made a space on the coffee table and was rolling some cigs out of a large packet of grass he had brought with him.
Two glasses of wine and two rollups each later, we were all beginning to feel the affect. Carl was on the sofa and I was sitting on the arm of Chris's chair with my arm resting around his shoulders.
"You know you are a lucky guy, Chris," Carl said. "I hope when I marry, if I ever do, I find a woman just like your beautiful wife."
Chris nodded. "She is really something, isn't she?"
Carl nodded. "It's been a great weekend with you two. I'll be sorry to see you go." He looked at me. "Have you enjoyed yourself?"
I nodded. "It's been an eye opener. I've seen things and done things that three day ago I wouldn't have believed that I would ever see or do. I've watched Chris get sucked off by a prostitute. I even paid her to do it, and then I stripped naked in front of a roomful of rowdy guys."
He laughed. "And they all loved it and so did I." I smiled at him.
Chris reached over and slid his hand under my robe. "Yes, she's got a lovely body," he said, sliding his hand slowly up my naked thigh, "but if you had told me last week that she would actually show her pussy off, I wouldn't have believed you. She even told me that she got a thrill out of it. Didn't you?" I smiled. His hand had reached the junction of my thighs, and he ran a finger slowly up and down my slit.
I could see Carl watching us I guess he knew where Chris's hand was. Now to my excitement, his finger was slowly probing inside me. I bit my lip trying not show any reaction. Then his finger slid out and he wiped it slowly on my robe.
"Did you enjoy seeing my wife naked?"
He looked across at Carl who nodded slowly and smiled. "She has a wonderful body," he said.
"Would you like to see it again?"
Carl grinned. "Is the Pope Catholic?" Chris reached over and began to pull on the tie of my robe. I felt slightly unsure as it begin to slip undone, and even though I was slightly drunk and squiffed on the smokes, I tensed myself. I knew I should put my hand out and stop him, but I didn't want to. I wanted him to expose me; I wanted to feel that wonderful excitement of being exposed again.
The tie fell loose. I just sat there hardly daring to breath. Chris looked at Carl as he eased one side of the robe free of my legs. As it fell open, he could now see that I was naked under the robe. Chris paused for a moment drawing out the suspense. Carl took a drink of his wine, his eyes never leaving my body. Chris began easing aside one side of the robe. I could feel it being drawn over my breast, the cloth dragging tantalizingly across my already erect nipple, and then suddenly it was free and exposed to his view. Chris gently cupped the exposed breast in his hand, caressing it. Carl was licking his lips nervously. I think, like me, he was wondering where this was leading.
Chris then reached up with his free hand and eased the robe off my shoulders. It slipped down behind me, dropping over the chair arm on which I was sitting. I was now totally exposed to the searching eyes of Carl. Chris looked at me lovingly. "She's beautiful, isn't she?" Carl nodded slowly. At that moment I felt like some ancient slave being displayed to a prospective buyer.
I looked down at Chris and could see the tension in his face. I could also see the protrusion that was tenting his robe threatening to burst it open. "Would you like to go over and sit by Carl, my darling, and let him take a closer look at your delightful body?" I couldn't believe what I was hearing. I knew at that moment my beloved husband was actually offering me to his friend, but at least he was giving me the choice.
I smiled at Chris and he slowly and reluctantly released my breast that he was still holding. I slowly got to my feet, and with my heart thumping, I walked the short distance over to where Carl was seated. He just stared at my body as I moved across the room towards him. I could feel my unrestrained breasts swaying slightly with the movement of my body, and I could feel the slick wetness of my thighs as my legs brushed together.
I stood in front of Carl for a moment allowing him to see close up everything my body had to offer. Then I slowly sat down on the sofa by his side. Across the room, Chris was watching us intently, his hand now inside his robe, and from the slight movement, I could see he was slowly stroking his cock.
I could feel that Carl now seemed hesitant as to what to do next. I could sense his problem. His best friend's wife was now seated next to him naked. Was I being offered to him? I knew that he had lusted after me all weekend. I had seen it in his eyes ever since he had first laid those dark searching eyes on me when we first met.
"You can touch her," I heard Chris say quietly. "She won't break." I closed my eyes waiting for that first touch. I gasped as I felt fingers lightly brush across my breast and rub against my hard nipple.
"Do you really want this?" his voice a hoarse, urgent whisper.
I opened my lips slightly and ran my tongue slowly across them. "Do you?" He answered by squeezing my breast in his strong hand. I winced at the sudden pain.
Then suddenly, he seemed to loose some control. He took me in his arms, crushing my naked body to himself, his hands running down my back to clutch and caress the fullness of my bottom. I knew now that I urgently needed him, but was this what Chris wanted to see, another man take me? Was this what he had planned for me?
The lightheadedness I was feeling from the wine and the smokes was again also heightening my senses and sexual desires. I began to pull at his shirt buttons. I wanted to feel his flesh against mine. I groaned as I ripped open his shirt and the coarse black hair on his chest rubbed excitingly against my sensitive nipples. Then I was tugging at his belt. He assisted me, and between us, we pushed his pants down his legs. The prize was there before me, his cock standing proud. It was at least eight inches in length and one if the thickest I had ever seen, not that I had seen that many.
I grasped it in both hands. It seemed hot, the veins down the length of it bulged, and the large wet purple head was pushing its way through the soft encircling covering of the foreskin. I would have loved to go down on him, but my need was now urgent. I needed to feel him inside me. I looked across at Chris. His robe was now open, his legs spread, and he was rubbing himself urgently.
I pushed myself back on the sofa, lifted one leg up against the back, and let the other rest on the floor. In this position, I was an open invitation. I could feel that the lips of my pussy were spread open. He looked down at me, then reached out and began to toy with my pussy. I groaned and looked up at him pleadingly. "Fuck me," I mouthed silently. He smiled and eased his hard body between my open legs. I felt his hard cock nuzzling against my open pussy. I spread my legs a little wider. I cried out and felt that wonderful sensation as he began to slide into the welcoming grasp of my vagina. The tight, warm, wet walls enveloped him as he pressed his advantage home.
Fully encased within me, he rested. I contracted my muscles, gripping him tightly. I felt his body tense and then relax as I released him to begin the slow sensual movement. As that wonderful weapon at first began to slide slowly back and forwards within the tight confines of my pussy, my hands gripped his back. My finger nails dug into the hard firm flesh, and my longs legs wrapped around his body, pressing us ever closer together.
He was a wonderful and considerate lover, taking me slowly at first on a sensual journey. As he began to quicken his pace, I thrust my body up to meet him. Our hips ground together and I experienced the wonderfully erotic sensation as his heavy balls slapped between my open thighs.
Soon he was thrusting into me with urgency.
Rivulets of perspiration dripped off his face and dropped onto my breasts, running down the heaving slopes into the valley below. "I'm cumming, I'm cumming," I gasped breathlessly. "Do me harder! Fuck me! Fuck me!" It was then my brain seemed to explode, and I almost fainted as the most gigantic orgasm coursed through my body. His cock was thrusting and jerking, and I could feel myself being filled with copious amounts of his juices. They leaked from my overfilled tunnel and ran down between my thighs and soaked into the sofa under us. He collapsed on top of me, gasping. I kissed his wet cheeks and whispered my grateful thanks into his ears.
As I lay there, I was fearful of looking over to where Chris was sitting. I was now experiencing a slight feeling of guilt over what I had done. How would we get over this? Was this what he had wanted? Carl lifted his body away from mine, and I was surprised to find Chris kneeling at the side of the sofa. His robe was open and his cock was now limp. He reached up and took Carl's hand, and I saw him grip it tightly as he got to his feet. They stood there for a moment. Then Carl turned away and headed for the bathroom.
Chris turned back to me. He took my hand, held it up to his face, and kissed my fingers.
"Thank you, thank you, my darling, you have made me a very happy man." I smiled at him and reached up and pulled him to me. We kissed long and tenderly. When we broke away, he looked at my body, still showing signs of our exertions.
He leaned over and kissed each of my breasts in turn, drawing the nipples into his mouth. Then he slowly moved down my body, kissing me as he went until his mouth was over my pussy. I could still feel Carl's juices running from it, but this did not stop him from covering me with his mouth, and his tongue began to lick me as he slurped up the mixture of our love juices. I groaned with pleasure, pressing his head against me. God, how I loved this wonderful man.
We at last made it to the bathroom. Carl looked up from drying himself as we entered. The two men looked at each other, then Chris went over and put his arm around his friend. Carl did the same, and the two good friends hugged each other.
Chris and I took a long shower together. I stood there and allowed him to wash me, something that always gave him pleasure, and then I reciprocated. I was still feeling slightly guilty and we had hardly spoken. I needed to show him that I still loved him. I slid down onto my knees in front of him and took his limp cock in my hands. I kissed it and caressed it till it began to grow in size. At last it was big enough to wrap my lips around and suck into my mouth. As it continued to grow, soon it was hard and rigid. My head bobbed back and forward as I took him deep into my throat before sliding his cock out and sucking and teasing on the large, bulbous end.
At last I recognized the tell tale signs that he was about to come. I felt him start to pull away from me. Coming in my mouth was something I had not usually encouraged. I had always found it a little distasteful to take a man's cum this way, but I knew Chris enjoyed the experience. Being the lover he was, he always respected my wishes, but today I needed to pleasure him to give something back. I gripped his body and pulled him to me, sucking him deeper into my throat. He tried hard, but he could restrain himself no longer, and with a cry, he gushed into me, his hot creamy love juice filling my mouth. I gulped it down, tasting the slightly salty fluid slide down my throat. He gripped my head tightly as I milked every last drop from him. Then I smiled up at him, licking my lips as the warm waters of the shower washed over my face.
After we emerged from the shower, we dried ourselves, and I told Chris that if we were going out, I needed some time to get ready. He said he would check with Carl what time we needed to leave. I was seated in front of the dressing table when he popped his head round the door and told me that I had an hour. "Okay, I should manage it by then. You two can have a drink, but don't have too many. I don't want to have to deal with two drunks tonight."
I sorted out my hair using my electric curling tongs and did my make up, but I was a little unsure about what to wear. Did I dress up or did I dress down? I guessed that I should check with Carl as he had been to the club before. I stood up and looked for my robe, then realised that It was still in the lounge where it had been left after Chris had removed it. There seemed little point in being shy at this stage. Carl had already seen everything there was to see, so I just slipped into a brief thong and went through into the lounge. The two guys were sitting on the sofa watching some soccer on the TV. They looked up and Carl smiled, seeing my almost naked state. "So you are ready to go?" he said with a smile. "I love the outfit."
I glared at him and shook my head. "No, I was just wondering what I should wear for tonight."
He looked at Chris. "What do you think Chris? Something really sexy?"
Chris nodded. "Yes, that would be really nice."
"Okay," I smiled, "I will see what I can find." And with a smile, I returned to the bedroom.
As it had only been a weekend, I had not brought that many clothes with me, and the only really evening clothes I had was been the black cocktail dress I had worn last night. I had a skirt and top and some velvet trousers, but I wasn't too sure that theses were the sort of things the guys were thinking about when it came to a sexy outfit. It was then I remembered the rather nice nightdress I had bought on my shopping trip. I took it out and looked at it. Could I dare wear it as a dress? It was almost totally see through, but with a bra and thong on under it.....
I decide to try it on. I slipped into a skimpy black lace bra and a matching thong, and then I drew the nightdress over my head. It felt wonderful! I had tried it on at the store and that was one of the reasons that I had bought it, because it felt so nice against my skin. I looked at myself in the long mirror. Wow! I thought to myself, and immediately felt the wonderful feeling in the pit of my stomach. Yes, this was certainly what the guys were looking for, but could I actually go out in public in it. The whiteness of my body seemed to shine through the sheer material. It still looked a bit like a nightdress, but when I added a wide silver belt and some chunky jewelry, it began to get the look I was looking for. I checked myself once more in the mirror, and then I smiled. Maybe just one more thing! I sat on the stool and pulled on some lacy topped hold ups. I checked again. Yes, now it was right. With my 5" high heels, I maybe looked slightly sluttish, but definitely sexy.
When I walked back in the lounge, the guys looked up from the TV and stared. Neither of them spoke for a moment. Carl had an amused look on his face and Chris just stared open mouthed. "You look incredible," he finally managed to speak.
Carl nodded in agreement. "I can't wait to walk out with you looking like that," he said with a wide grin.
Chris got up from the sofa and came over and kissed me. "You look sensational, darling, but are you sure you are happy going out like that?"
I nodded. "As long as I am protected by you two guys, I guess I will be alright."
He smiled and shook his head. "I could never have imagined that you would dare to wear anything like that, but I'm glad you did. You have made my day, and I guess a few other people when they see you." He smiled.
I poured myself a glass of wine while the two of them went to get ready. I stood and looked out of the window over the darkening Dam square at the lights of the cafés spilling light across the square, and the occasional tram rattling its way into town. I could see the reflection of my outfit in the window and a mused to myself wondering just what excitement tonight would bring.
The two guys came out of the bedroom. "Well, are you ready to hit the town?" Carl inquired.
I smiled. "Just lead the way." I had not brought a coat with me, and I thought it might get a little cool later on, so I slipped a black evening shawl around my shoulders and followed the guys out of the room.
There was another couple in the lift down to the lobby and I got an approving smile from the guy, but his partner, an attractive blond, did not see the funny side and almost dragged him out of the lift when we reached the ground level. I got a few admiring glances as we made our way through the hotel, and by the time we reached the door, I was already beginning to enjoy myself; I always loved being the centre of attention.
The doorman eyed my outfit with more than casual interest, and wished us all a pleasant evening as he assisted us into a waiting taxi. It was only a short run to the Red Rooster, and the doorman nodded his approval as I stepped out of the taxi. Once inside the club, we were escorted to our table by an attractive waitress in a somewhat brief red outfit.
The place was very plush with deep red curtains everywhere and dimmed lighting. The tables were all set in small booths around a stage area. The booths were not overlooked and you could only see into the ones opposite were you were seated. The waitress showed us to the table which to my surprise was on the front row overlooking the stage. She waited until we were seated, and then took our drinks order and handed out a food menu to each of us.
The waitress quickly returned with our drinks, and we sat and discussed the menu. We ordered a meal, and when it came, it was excellent, and so was the wine. Looking around. I could see that the place was now full. In most of the booths, I could see there were couples or threesomes. We were all in a very light hearted and receptive mood when it was announced that the entertainment was about to start.
Suddenly there was a hushed silence as the place went into darkness. Then one single spotlight lit up the centre of the small stage in front of us, and standing in the spotlight was an attractive young couple. They looked like teenagers. They were both dressed in what looked like silk wraps. As the soft erotic music began to fill the room, they embraced and kissed each other tenderly, then slowly removed each other's wrap. Under it they were both completely naked.
They started gently and sensually caressing each other's bodies. The small portion of the stage began to rotate giving everyone in the room a chance to see the action from every angle. He cupped her breasts and kissed the sharp pointed nipples; she pressed her body against him running her hands down his back and gripping his firm bottom. After a few moments of this, she slid slowly down onto her knees in front of him and began caressing and stroking his semi-hard cock. Slowly and majestically it began to rise and swell until it became a good 9". She leaned forward and began to wetly lick its length, licking her tongue up the full length, then sucking on the protruding purple head.
Suddenly her mouth enveloped it, and she took him deep into her throat. She worked on his balls, massaging them as she sucked hungrily on his cock. After a short while, she slowly withdrew her mouth, leaving him wet and slick. Then still on her knees, she turned around and presented her rear to him. He gripped her hips and ran his cock up and down between the firm cheeks of her arse. He spread her legs with his feet, and taking his cock in his hand, he directed it toward her open pussy lips. The girl reached down between her legs and helped him; then he was sliding into her.
I felt myself getting hot as I watched, from close quarters, his cock sliding in and out of her pussy. It was glistening with her wetness. I had never seen the sex act so graphically displayed. I was pressing my own hand against my pussy already feeling the wetness soaking into the thin material of my brief thong. As the girl's face came around, I could see the look of lust and pleasure on her face. I could see her breasts swinging slightly with the action of her body, and I could see that wonderful cock slowly emerging and disappearing as the guy thrust it into her body.
Slowly but perceptibly, he began to quicken his pace. Her actions became more abandoned. She thrust herself up against him meeting his every stroke. Then she cried out, and he plunged into her one final time. His body went rigid. They stopped there, not moving, perspiration dripping from their naked bodies. As the stage slowly turned, I could see his cock still penetrating her, but the mixture of the juices and cum were seeping from her pussy and beginning to run down her inner thighs. With my own hand still pressed between my thighs, I almost came myself.
Suddenly there was darkness and wild applause. When the lights returned, the stage was empty. Only a small wet patch on the red carpet showed where they had been.
I took a large drink of my glass of wine. Carl was smiling at me. "Did you enjoy that?" he asked.
I nodded, a slight smile on my face. "It was incredible! I almost came myself." I said a little huskily.
Carl grinned. He looked at Chris who was still staring at the stage. "Okay, was it?"
Chris turned and smiled. "It was more than okay; it was fucking unbelievable."
Before the next act came on, the waitresses moved between the alcoves refreshing and supplying drinks, and it gave everyone the chance to relax a little. I hadn't noticed anything apart from the action on the stage, but when the lights came up, I noticed with some amusement that in the alcove opposite there was some hasty rearrangement of clothing.
As the lights slowly went down again, the buzz of the audience diminished. When the lights came up, I was surprised to see what looked like a young schoolgirl seated on a chair on the stage. I leaned over towards Carl, a little concerned. "Isn't she a bit young to be appearing on here?"
He smiled, leaning closer to me. "She only looks young. The police are very strict about this in Amsterdam. She has to be at least 18 to get a license." I looked at her again. She could have fooled me.
I turned and watched the girl as she slowly proceeded to undress, placing each item of clothing on the chair. When she was naked, she stood for a moment as the stage slowly revolved. She did look a little older now although her breasts were quite small with protruding areolas and nipples. Suddenly, two extremely fit looking, well built young men walked on stage. They were also almost naked apart from a square of material that hung down concealing their privates.
They moved in on the girl and began to caress and stroke her naked body; they were very intimate with her. One of them lifted her off the floor as though she were a rag doll. He rested her against his body and spread her legs wide. His partner moved in and proceeded to intimately explore her pussy, pushing his fingers deep inside her and teasing her protruding clit, until she cried out.
I was so intent on the action before me that I did not at first notice the hand on my leg. It was only when I felt my dress being drawn up that I looked; it was Carl. With the erotic action going on only feet away from me, I was in no mood to stop him. On stage, the two guys were now using the girl as a fuck tool. One was supporting her arms while the other was between her legs. The brief coverings that they had worn when they came on stage had disappeared, and he was fucking her slim girlish body with an unusually large, fat cock. It seemed impossible that such a slim thing like she was, was able to accommodate him.
Under the table, Carl's inquiring fingers had reached the warm dampness of my thong, and he was running an exciting finger slowly up and down the cleft of my pussy. Suddenly there was a movement from the other side of me. It was Chris's hand gripping my leg. I turned towards him, he leaned forward, and our lips met.
On stage, the two young men were assisting each other to penetrate the young woman from every angle possible. It amazed me that her slim body seemed to be able to take the men without any obvious discomfort. I didn't think that I would have been able to accommodate them so easily.
Under the table, things were heating up. My dress was now up around my hips. I had raised myself from my seat to allow them to completely remove my thong, and now I was experiencing the wonderful sensation as the two of them invaded the warm, wet delights of my pussy. Carl's finger was doing delightful things to my exposed clit while my loving hubby was caressing my g spot as only he knew how. I have heard of multiple orgasms, but I have never seen one and experienced one at the same time. The two men had finished fucking the young girl, and she was kneeling between them caressing their balls as they jacked off. As the first globules of thick creamy sperm shot out from the twin cocks and landed on her exposed body, Chris and Carl brought me to a climax. I cried out, biting painfully onto my lip, as my body convulsed, and Chris's hand was soaked in my juices. The last thing I saw before the lights went down was the girl kneeling on the stage licking the twin cocks, in turn her body and face streaming with their combined ejaculations.
This time the lights seemed to stay dim for a longer time. I guessed it was for allowing some of the patrons to make themselves a little more presentable before the lights were made any brighter. I noticed now that we were not alone in our own little world of sexual pleasures.
Looking around me, I could see that in other alcoves other couples were taking their pleasures more openly. Directly across from us, a woman seemingly totally naked above the waist was lying back while her ample breasts were being feasted on by her partner. What other pleasures were being taken I can not say. I was not able to see what was going on below the level of the table as it was hidden from my view.
As the evening progressed, more acts were presented, and more drink flowed. The whole place became more like a Roman orgy. Some members of the audience were so turned on by the performances they had been watching that they were now openly indulging in sex acts of their own, oblivious of what was going on around them or who was watching. I was not missing out on the action myself. Between them, Chris and Carl had managed to strip me naked, leaving me in only my hold ups and heels. My pussy was gushing and my breasts and nipples tender with all the action they had seen. I had even managed to give both of them a successful blow job, and just at this moment, I would have had no objections if either of them had taken to opportunity to take me there and then over the table, in full view of everyone.
I put my arm around Chris and pulled him towards me. "Chris, I desperately....,"
He put his finger up and silenced me. "I know, darling, but you will have to wait. I have had a quiet word with Carl, and we want you hot and horny. It's our last night in Amsterdam, and I want it to be a night to remember." With a promise like that, I could not wait for the show to be over. After the last act, the house lights dimmed, and in alcoves around the room, couples quickly made themselves presentable and slipped back into hastily discarded clothing.
I looked around for my own clothes and could only find my dress and shawl. "I don't suppose either of you guys have seen my undies?" All I got were blank stares and slightly amused expressions. "I hope you two comics realise that I now have nothing to wear under this thing." I held the sheer nightdress up.
Chris and Carl just stood there with smiles on their faces and shrugged. "Well, at least you have that," Carl said with a grin. "It's not like you will be totally naked." I slipped into the dress and looked down at myself. It might have looked like a dress when I came out, but now it looked distinctly like a nightdress.
Chris took my hand and helped me out from the table. My revealing outfit got some interesting looks from some of the other people leaving the club. If they were staring at me in here where nudity and exposure had been the norm, what was I to expect when we got outside? I remembered how excited I had felt last night at the lap dancing bar when I exposed myself to all the guys in there, but that was inside with just 50 or so guys watching me. Now I was being taken outside wearing just an almost transparent night dress. Still, I thought, it would be only a few yards to the taxi. I took a firm hold of Chris's arm and put on a brave smile as we left the club.
As we made our way down the steps and into the street, I was surprised and a little nervous when I discovered just how busy Amsterdam was at this time of the morning. Well, I guess it was Saturday night. We stood in front of the club for a few minutes, and I could see I was already getting some interesting looks from passers by.
The problem was there were no taxis outside and none to be seen on the street. I now began to feel very exposed and pressed myself up closer to Chris.
"I guess we are not going to get a taxi," Carl said, looking around. "Good job it's not too far back to the hotel. It looks as though we are going to have to walk."
I looked at him, stunned. "Walk, with me like this?" I gasped.
He grinned. "I'm sure nobody will complain; come on," he said, taking my arm, "it won't take us long." I looked ahead of us down the busy street thronged with the late night crowd. As well as the bright street lights, the lights were on in the bars and cafes, spilling out across the pavement. There was nowhere to hide.
I gritted my teeth. Suddenly, I began to feel almost sober. I was held firmly between Carl and Chris as we started walking. The first hundred yards or so I was terrified. Here I was walking down a busy main street almost naked. The place was crowded with people. I saw people sitting outside bars turn and look. Some even grabbed for the mobile phones and quickly took pictures. Once I got over the initial shock, the excitement of what I was doing began to take over. I was safe. Carl and Chris were by my side so no harm could come to me, and I began to enjoy the looks and the comments. My nipples were rock hard, and they rubbed against the soft material of my nightdress sending shivers through my body. I had also become very wet, and I could feel the cool dampness as my thighs rubbed together.
The further down the street we went, the more confident I became. I began to smile and blow kisses at my admirers. It was a wonderfully exciting feeling to be exposing my nakedness to so many people. I didn't even object when Chris suggested that we stop at a bar at the end of the street and have a drink.
Of course, when we stopped, I was the centre of attention. People wanted to take my picture. I smiled and posed provocatively for them. I was again enjoying the thrill of exposing my nakedness to strangers. We stayed in the bar for quite a while, but I was becoming impatient to get back to the privacy of the hotel, for by now my sexual needs were becoming a matter of priority.
We were now almost in Dam square, and I could see the hotel on the far side of the square. Carl stopped and turned to Chris. "It's been a great night with you two, but there is just one more thing that would make it complete." We both looked at him wondering just what he had in mind. "It's not far to the hotel from here. How about you do the last bit on your own, and this time totally naked?" The moment he said it, I felt the excitement rise in me. I looked across the square. The cafes were still open and quite crowded. The odd tram still trundled past, and there were still people walking in the square. I looked at Chris.
He smiled. "It would be rather exciting," he said.
I shook my head. "I really can't believe you are actually getting me to do this," I said. I handed my evening shawl to Chris, then slowly pulled the nightdress over my head. I was now completely naked, apart from my hold ups and shoes.
Carl looked me up and down and nodded. "This is a sight I will always remember," he said, and then he leaned forward and kissed me. "You walk ahead and we will follow at a safe distance just to make sure that you are safe." With growing excitement, I set off on the last 400 yards walk.
That short walk was one of the most incredible experiences I have ever had. I was totally naked in the centre of a large city. The slight chill in the air, combined with the excitement I was feeling, had made my already hard nipples even harder, if that were possible. I could feel the eyes of the people in the cafes looking at me, staring, and commenting on my nakedness. I smiled at people as they walked past me, and I knew they would turn and look again at my naked body as I walked away from them.
I was now nearing the brightly lit steps of the Krasnapolsky. The liveried doorman was watching me approach, a slight smile on his face. Should I continue, or should I stop and wait for Chris and Carl? I hesitated only for a moment, and then continued my walk towards him. He smiled and nodded, his eyes devouring my nakedness. "I hope you have enjoyed your evening, Madam," he said, holding the door open for me to step through.
"It's been a wonderful experience, thank you. I'm looking forward to doing it again some time." I wished him good night and continued through into the warmer atmosphere of the lobby.
Luckily or unluckily, depending on which way you look at it, the lobby was almost empty at this time in the morning. The night clerk, an elderly man, stared through his glasses, blinking, not really believing what he was seeing. As I walked up to the desk and asked for my key,
surprisingly he didn't say a word, just passed it too me. I thanked him and made my way to the lift. I pressed the button, noticing the lift was on the floor below, the car park. As I waited, I noticed the desk clerk had come from around his desk and was watching me. I smiled at him. He turned and looked around at the door as Carl and Chris walked in.
Suddenly the lift arrived, and when the door slid open, I was staring into the awe struck faces of a middle aged couple who had obviously just arrived. I smiled my best smile and stepped into the lift. In the reflection on the mirrored door of the lift, I could see the expression on their faces. She glared at him as his eyes wandered up and down my body. "Just arrived?" I asked pleasantly. He nodded. "Your first time here in Amsterdam?" He nodded again. "Wonderful city," I said breezily. "Absolutely anything goes here. I'm sure you will both love it." The lift had reached my floor and I stepped out, wishing the still awe struck couple a good night.
When Chris and Carl arrived in the suite, I was sitting on the sofa grinning like a Cheshire cat. "You were wonderful, darling," Chris said, throwing his arms around me. I could already feel his hard erection pressing against me. I put my hand down and gripped him through his pants. "I hope this is waiting for me," I said huskily.
"Every fucking inch of it," he said, and with that, he tore at his shirt, and without undoing his belt, pushed his pants down. His cock was as hot and angry as I had ever seen it, with thick swelling veins and a large wet purple head. He pushed me back onto the sofa and followed me down. I immediately spread my legs wide. I felt the head of his cock rubbing against the wet lips of my pussy, and then he was thrusting inside me. I cried out, holding him tightly against me. His hard cock began to piston into me. I urged him on, wanting more and wanting it harder. We were both so worked up that it seemed only minutes before he came, his hot fluid gushing into me. We lay there gasping
I looked up to see Carl now wearing only his shirt, his cock in his hand, slowly stroking its hard length. I looked at him, slowly licking my lips. "Get that bloody thing in here," I said, running my fingers over my pussy still gushing with Chris's juices. Chris rolled aside to make room, and then Carl was between my legs. He slid his cock easily into the warm wetness, his hardness filling me. I pressed my hips up against him wanting to experience every wonderful inch. We fucked and he came. Chris fucked me again and he came. And so it went on.
In the end, my pussy felt raw and my legs ached from being spread so long. My thighs and stomach were covered with spent ejaculations; the whole room reeked of sweat and cum. I lay there with my arms around the naked bodies of my husband and his wonderful friend Carl. I looked back over the most wonderful wedding anniversary a girl could ever experience, and thought to myself with a smile, maybe we could all do it again next year.