Dorothy and I made plans to meet after classes and you should have seen the look on Krista's face when she discovered we were going to be hanging out with one of my instructors. Another amazing thing was it turned out that Dorothy's parents were worse than mine. I didn't think that was possible, but it was sad – but true.
My mother, of course, was thrilled to think we were hanging out with a member of the teaching profession. Man, what a hoot! Krista, Dorothy, and I used to come home after classes, go straight up to my room, strip off immediately and spend the rest of the afternoon fucking each other. Man, there was more cumming than going, that much was certain.
Sometimes Eric and Shawn would come over to visit. Of course you know my mother – when 'boys' were there, my bedroom door was supposed to be open. Haha! There was a lot more sex going on right under her nose when there weren't any guys there. So I solved that problem. Until she changed her mind, I had everybody strip down stark naked. Then we would sit around and talk, or listen to records and watch TV until she couldn't stand it anymore and she asked me to keep the door shut please.
It grew closer to Christmas so I took to going to the Mall everyday in my effort to shop lift my gifts for everyone. Well, I still didn't have any money, you know? Sometimes Dorothy would go with me and I didn't shoplift anything when she was with me, because I never wanted to get her into any trouble. She had a profession. Couldn't you just see that headline? 'Professor arrested for shoplifting along with student.' The papers just love that kind of shit.
It was a couple of days before Christmas and Dorothy and I were at the mall doing some last minute shopping. For once I actually had some money that I had scrounged up somewhere. As we sashayed through the crowds I kept feeling as though we were being followed, but when I would turn around I couldn't see anyone I recognized. I talked Dorothy into going into one of those teen oriented clothing shops; not for Christmas shopping, but for herself. She still didn't have any hip outfits. The only new clothes she had she had borrowed from me and she needed to get some of her own.
We hadn't been in there very long when I finally discovered who had been following us. He was a guy I knew fairly well from school. His name was Alex, although his nick name for some reason was Dark Dude. Who ever knows what these guys are going on about? Haha! He stood almost six feet, had dark brown hair, hazel eyes and appeared to have a great body. All in all, he showed a lot of promise. I didn't know if he was following me or Dorothy or both of us, but I leaned over to my friend and asked her to remain there without telling her why.
Then I doubled back to Alex until I was standing directly behind him. I reached down and grabbed him by the balls and said, "Is there anything you're looking for specifically?" as if I were sales personnel. Man, you should have seen him jump!
When he whirled around he was certainly surprised to see me standing there.
"Why were you following us?" I asked. "Have you turned into some kind of mall stalker?"
"Hey, Sara, how are ya? Is that really Ms. Collins, from college with you?"
"Man," I complained. "You really know how to dash a girl's ego, don't you? I thought you were wanting to talk to me."
I slipped my hand down the front of his jeans and cupped his package inside of his underwear. Alex turned bright crimson but whether it was from being embarrassed over what I had said or what my hand was preoccupied with I couldn't say.
"Yeah, that's her," I answered. "But you call her Dorothy outside of school as to not embarrass her and you make no reference to her being an instructor unless she brings it up herself – okay?"
Alex quickly agreed and I led him over by his prick. "Dorothy, this is Alex," I introduced him. I think he was disappointed when I pulled my hand out so he could step forward and shake my friend's hand. At least he groaned.
"How do you do?" Dorothy asked formally.
"Oh he does pretty good for himself," I giggled.
While I had been conversing with Alex, the young woman had chosen several outfits to try on. Dorothy disappeared into the dressing room. I stood talking with Alex about what he had been doing in the most recent past. Suddenly Dorothy called out that she needed my help in the dressing room. I leaned over and whispered to Alex that he should remain close by and come into the dressing room when I called him.
I hurried into the dressing room. Of course my friend was asking me what I thought of a certain outfit she had tried on. I thought she looked darling in it. It was a zip up in the back red blouse, skirt ensemble. She was asking me if I thought it looked too tight on her. I told her no, not if she didn't wear any underwear beneath it because it was so tight that it would show off the outline of her bra and panties unattractively.
We of course argued about that but I finally talked her into it and removed her bra and panties from her body. I next told her to come out of the dressing room and look at the outfit in the mirror. After she checked out herself in the mirror and she was pleasantly surprised as to how good she actually looked in the outfit, we returned to the dressing room. Right at the exact minute I helped her remove her outfit and as she stood totally nude, I called Alex into the dressing room. As I stepped out I heard Dorothy exclaim coyly, "Oh Alex, don't look at me. I'm so ugly."
"No, you're not," the young man contradicted. "You're the most beautiful woman I've ever seen."
Hehe, I knew that line was going to serve him well. He must have practiced that thing in front of his mirror every night.
"Oh Alex, that feels so good," Dorothy gushed.
I waited outside the dressing room to give them a few minutes to cut out the small talk and get down to doing the 'ol dirty deed' and then I stepped back into the dressing room. My entrance went unnoticed as they were extremely preoccupied with each other. To my surprise Alex was completely starkers. Dorothy must have insisted he strip stark naked before they started.
'Wow! She really has changed,' I thought.
And I observed I was right about Alex. He had a terrific upper body. Man, just looking at him was turning me on. Or maybe I should qualify that to looking at the two of them going at it the way they were was making me as hot as a fire cracker. Alex, being much taller, had set Dorothy up on one of those little benches they have in the dressing rooms and was shagging her against the wall for all his worth. Whap! Whap! Whap! She was being gently slammed into the wall shaking the entire dressing room.
"Oh Alex," she was moaning over and over.
I was positive they could hear them all over the store. I wasn't worried though. Betty was the manager there and I knew the sales personnel on duty had enough sense to leave me alone...I thought. I wanted in on this action so I stripped down immediately but I forced myself to wait because I didn't want to disrupt anything until Dorothy had achieved bliss.
This was actually the young teacher's first experience with a young man. I mean of course she had had sex with Eric and Shawn, but they didn't count – they were more of a 'lend-lease' program from me and Krista.
Dorothy had pulled Alex to her in as tight an embrace as possible as he continued to thrust his overpowering erection into her again and again. I was completely flabbergasted at the control he was displaying in not cumming yet. Most guys would have already gone off; particularly with a new beautiful young woman they had never made love to before.
I moved up closer beside them so I could get a bird's eye look at their sexual action. I could see the entire length of Alex's beautiful cock filling Dorothy's completely distended quim with his balls hitting below her. Oh God, it was making me so hot. Did I ever tell you that besides being an exhibitionist, I was also a voyeur? Man, I was already dripping wet. I began to finger myself in preparation of getting it on with Alex myself soon.
"Fuck me harder!" my female friend screamed. I could sure tell she'd gotten over her shyness problem in the time she had known me. "I'm gonna cum!"
"Oh Dorothy, I love you!" Alex cried out.
'Ah Ha!' I thought. 'I heard you, and I'm not gonna let you forget it.' Dorothy had her first heart throb. She was really coming along or should I say – cumming along?
Alex continued to jam his huge prick in and out of my friend's hot pussy until suddenly he cried out, "Oh God! I'm gonna blow! I'm sorry." And he began to shoot his load of hot cum into Dorothy.
I took his statements to mean he was feeling badly because he had climaxed before his partner, but he was being way too hard on himself, hehe, because my new friend was twitching and moaning as her orgasm cascaded from her.
"Oh God, Alex," she moaned. "You're so good."
After a couple of minutes of hugging and kissing, Alex disengaged his now shrinking penis from Dorothy, some of his cum running down her inner thigh. I knelt down and cleaned the young teacher up with my mouth and then started on Alex. In a few minutes of my special treatment he was as clean as a whistle and hard as a rock. And that was my intention the entire time of my ministrations. By the way, has everyone ever stopped to think how clean is a whistle? What the hell does that mean anyway? Mwahaha!
Since I was still dripping wet, I certainly didn't need any foreplay and judging from the length of Alex's now completely hardened penis he didn't either; so I bent over right in front of him and encouraged him to enter by waving the backside view of my opened labia in his face. Subtle, ain't I?
I'll say this for my friend, he's smart and figured it out right away. He plunged his raging manhood (I love writing manhood – it's so corny) straight away into my glistening honeypot. Oh my sweet Jesus! When he rammed every bit of his long dong into me it felt so Goddamn good I thought I was going to cum right off.
"Oh Alex! Fuck me hard!"
I know, I know – not very original, but it was what I was feeling and it was what I called out. The handsome young man was more willing to accommodate me in my request. Polite, wasn't he? Alex placed his big hands around my narrow waist and pulled me towards him as hard as he could with every thrust of his long erection. It felt as though his prick was gonna come out of my mouth any minute, it was that intense.
I had myriad exquisite sensations racing all through every inch of my body as adrenaline carried it along, I was that excited. My labia had opened so much I probably could have taken on an elephant and I was literally dripping onto the floor and I hadn't even had my climax yet. I began rotating myself around and around on his cock and he was groaning louder than I could presently shout. He might have loved Dorothy but I was going to give him something to remember me by!
Alex suddenly gripped me even tighter around the waist, actually causing me pain but I wasn't going to complain at that point. Besides it all intermingled with the extreme pleasure making it feel even better, if that was possible. All of my love making always had a little S/M in it anyway and I got into it pretty heavy for a period of time but that story is later on.
My lover was now pulling me to him so tightly that I, as I was bent over, could see his balls hanging beneath my labia with each heavy thrust. If that wasn't weird looking – haha! It looked as if I couldn't make up my mind which sex I was.
"I'm cumming, Sara!" Alex shouted as he proceeded to shoot his heavy load of love juice into me.
That was alright with me even though it was cutting short my sexual pleasure because honestly I didn't know how much more stimulation I could handle from his cock before over-amping on sex, so to speak. Also when my lover shot his stream of cum into me it felt so good that it triggered my own orgasm
Goddamn! It was fucking awesome as I was hunched over on his prick as he continued to ride into me even though he was through climaxing. This guy was good, let me tell you! Finally, unfortunately as far as I was concerned, we were finished and Alex pulled his massive prick from me. It even felt fricking great on it's way out!
I stood up and turned around and observed Dorothy sitting on the small bench in the dressing room. Her eyes were still glazed, she had a small half smile on her pretty face and I think she was still rushing from her sexual activities with Alex. I smiled at her and asked, "Are you okay?"
"I think I'm better than I've ever been."
Before I could answer her, the dressing room door opened and one of the store's sales clerks burst into the small room. I was shocked that one of them would do that, considering Betty's relationship with me until I saw it was Hillary Chasen and then it all made sense.
The first thing that you need to understand is Betty herself couldn't stand this young woman, but there was little she could do about it because Hillary never acted in a manner that was so bad that she could be fired over it. Although that's not to say that she wasn't a constant irritant to both her co-workers and the store's customers. In fact hardly anyone could stand her.
She was pretty chunky as she stood five foot two inches tall and weighed in the neighborhood of one hundred and fifty pounds. Hillary had long dark hair which should have stood her in good stead but unfortunately it surrounded a face which greatly resembled a female impersonator. Actually I don't mean to insult female impersonators because I have seen some who appeared more beautiful than most women, so let's just say she resembled a ugly female impersonator.
On top of that she had a whiny adenoidal voice and no personality to speak of, unless you enjoy the clinging, helpless, obnoxious type. Hillary loved going to Ren Faires although unfortunately she always insisted on her wearing her scanty cat costume. This would have ordinarily been okay except for the fact that it emphasized her gut hanging out and her jello-y pasty white ass that bounced behind her. She also, luckily for everyone involved, wore a mask. Personally I think it was the best feature of the whole outfit. An entire flag though might have suited her appearance best. . I'm sorry, I don't mean to sugar coat it like this – mwahaha! I just didn't care for the woman.
As soon as she entered the dressing room and closed the door behind her and saw the three of us starkers, Hillary said, "Oh my God." But the tone was all wrong. It wasn't excited sounding or dismayed or even angry, it just sounded mealy mouth.
Then Hillary spoke as if to herself, "Note to self. Having sex in the dressing rooms is against store policy."
Dorothy was having conniption fits attempting to hide her nudity and acquire apparel as quickly as possible until I gave her the high sign it was okay. I had already decided this young woman was going to pay heavily for her indiscretion of blundering across my path.
Hillary was wearing an ugly black skirt with wide slashes in it that was sewn up with laces to appear dramatic. She was also wearing a blue paisley midriff baring blouse with her aforementioned belly hanging over her waist band – ugh! Her outfit was bottomed off, so to speak, with some ugly ass square toed boots.
"You know you should just turn around and leave this dressing room because I'm good friends with Betty and I'd hate to see you lose your job," I offered.
"Oh ho," Hillary replied. "I can't believe you all are standing in here naked and threatening me. I think I'm gonna have to call security." And she turned to leave.
"I don't think so," I said ominously.
The unattractive, in all aspects, young woman turned and looked at me, incredulousness written on her features. "I can't believe you said that. Note to self. This tramp doesn't know when she is in trouble."
'Tramp!' I thought. 'That does it, this bitch is in deep shit!'
I reached out and tore that midriff blouse off of her in one quick yank causing her boobs to bounce merrily as she wasn't wearing a bra. I'll say this for her – they were pretty good sized but not particularly attractive.
"Hey!" Hillary yelled. Mwahaha! I actually had made her raise her voice octave, so for once she didn't sound quite so mealy mouthed.
Of course, you know what happened next. This is old hat stuff to me and you by this time. Hillary threw her hands up to keep prying eyes from looking at her tits – like someone would actually want to with me and Dorothy there naked. When she did that, I reached out and pulled her skirt clean off her. She was reduced to standing there in her panties and her shoes.
"Stop that!" Hillary protested but with as much force as a mother telling a child to stop playing with his food.
I just laughed at her and yanked off her panties too exposing her big black unruly appearing bush above her cunt. Now I'm not one to say anything like this because up to this point I had never seen one I didn't think was beautiful but she had some ugly looking cunt lips. I couldn't quite put my finger on it but they just looked crooked or as if something had torn them. Actually maybe something had, I really knew nothing about her sex life and didn't want to either!
I will say this for her. She started screaming then at the top of her bloody lungs but it was simply a case of too little, too late. To make the entire project a total success, I leaned down and removed her boots rendering her as stark naked as everyone else in the small dressing room. It was at this point in the proceedings that I usually would make a sexual overture, but not in this case. I don't mind telling you, I wouldn't have touched this woman with 'your' sex organs. Haha!
She was dancing a little jig while attempting to cover her privates at the same time. Actually the entire scene was pretty disgusting so I encouraged everyone to dress as quickly as possible as I had my final revenge in mind. In fact Betty was later to thank me to my final solution to the Hilary problem.
No, no, I didn't kill her – haha! Following my directions, Dorothy returned to the main part of the store and carefully hung up all of the outfits she had brought into the dressing room. I didn't want there to be any question among the sales clerks that we might have been shop lifting.
Naturally the store personnel were inquisitive as to what was happening with Hillary but only out of a morbid curiosity; not because they had any real concern for her. Dorothy then went to the counter and asked if she could please throw some trash away. They said sure and showed her where a trash receptacle was. The young woman, per my instructions, carried out her mission to throw Hillary's clothes away.
When Dorothy returned to us in the dressing room we then proceeded to throw Hillary out into the main part of the store butt naked! She was weeping and complaining but it was all to no avail. She should have thought of that before crossing me.
Hillary began racing around the store attempting to find something in her size off the racks, which was difficult in itself. You know how these stores always cater to anorexics anyway. She had just located a top she was going to pull on when she was confronted by one of her co-workers, Sharon, a petite pretty young blonde woman.
"Oh no you don't!" Sharon protested. "You don't put on clothes until you have paid for them, you know that."
"But I'm naked and I don't have the money with me right now, even with our ten percent discount, but you know I'm good for it. Betty can take it out of my next paycheck."
"Note to self," Sharon deadpanned sarcastically. "I can see you're naked alright. Trust me, it's not a pretty sight and I would like to help you remove it from my immediate vision but I can't rely on Betty taking it out of your next paycheck because you're probably gonna be fired for running around the store nude."
"Oh no!" Hillary wailed. Mwahaha! It was music to my ears. "That's not fair. You know Sara and those people took my clothes."
"I know no such thing," Sharon answered primly. "All I know is you came out of that dressing room starkers and began running around the store. I think you've had a nervous breakdown, to tell you the truth."
By this time quite a crowd of customers had gathered around Hillary. Some of them had already been in the store and others had been drawn from inside the mall in their quest to learn what the excitement was. They all had one thing in common and that was the manner in which they were uproarishly laughing at the nude young woman.
At the point when Hillary began begging with Sharon to allow her to put something on, I'd heard enough and we all exited the dressing area. Having already discussed with my partners in crime what we were to do, the three of us rushed the ugly whiny young woman out into the main part of the mall and then stood across the doorway blocking her from reentering the store.
Mwahaha! You should have seen that scene. Hillary cut a swath of attention through the crowded mall – let me tell you. Remember, it was just before Christmas and the place was packed. I heard people saying things such as, "Somebody should tell that naked hoe to go put some clothes on. I'm gonna get sick."
Of course, if she had had any smarts she would have gone directly down and hidden in the women's rest room for the rest of the evening; but not our Hillary. She proceeds to run around screaming like a chicken with its head cut off until security came down and placed her under mall arrest. Haha! I really don't know what that is. What do they do – make you serve your sentence at J.C. Penny?
Anyway the upshot was security called the police who took her away to the emergency mental health facility in the area. It's not so bad, if you like snake pits! They had to hold her for three days, poor people. The last I heard of Hillary for awhile was she had some case before unemployment and the wage and hour people. Man, I'd like to hear some of the testimony from those proceedings, let me tell ya.
After the entire Hillary debacle had been swept away by mall security, the entire sales force on duty applauded us. That was cool, let me tell you. Having done our good deed for the evening, we sashayed our way from the store and out into the mall proper. Everywhere we went Alex was holding Dorothy's hand. Awww, they were so cute together.
When we passed by a hair salon Dorothy suddenly explained that she wanted to get her hair trimmed and did we mind. Alex and I both told her to go for it. She stepped into the establishment and discovered much to her amazement that they could take her in about fifteen minutes. All you girls know what a miracle that was so we insisted that we didn't mind waiting with her.
Alex certainly didn't mind. He just sat beside her holding her hand until they called her up. He appeared so enamored with her he would have probably sat with her contentedly at the gates of hell. I sat and amused myself by spreading my legs beneath my ultra short skirt and flashing my split bald beaver at the various customers and hair dressers.
I received every kind of reaction from big smiles to expressions of disgust to lustful gazes. One young woman rubbed her tongue all across the outside of her mouth. I took that to be a yes to my question.
Now if I had hair halfway down to my ass, I wouldn't have been considering having it cut; although I understood Dorothy's predicament. She had had all that for years and years tied up in pig tails and now all of the sudden she had to take care of it, washing and brushing it completely out every night. It can become a major pain in the ass, let me tell you.
After Dorothy was called up to the chair by the stylist, I leaned over and spoke to Alex. "Look, I don't mean to embarrass you, but I need to ask. What was that raw spot I saw on the head of your penis?"
Well, of course it did embarrass him as I could tell from his sudden excessive blushing, his glancing away, and his defensive answer. "It's not any kind of disease sore or anything."
"Oh, I know that or I wouldn't have touched you with 'Spoony's' cunt. Haha!" That was a name that Betty sometimes referred to Hillary as, because Hillary wasn't the sharpest knife in the drawer – in fact, she's a spoon! That helped to loosen the young man up some and he was able to tell me.
"Please don't tell Dorothy because I think it will hurt her feelings, but I guess her pubic hair is so long and thick that it was rubbing on me somehow," Alex explained.
"Oh, okay," I replied. "Well, I'm glad I asked. I can help out there."
The young man blanched. "No, no," he protested. "Please don't say anything."
"Don't worry," I insisted. "I won't mention you and it won't hurt her feelings at all."
"Well, okay," Alex responded still sounding doubtful.
I grinned at him. "You can trust me, you know."
The handsome young man laughed and said, "I always have, Sara. You know that."
Right then Dorothy approached us, her appointment with the stylist being finished.
"Hi, what are you guys talking about so seriously?" she asked.
"Secrets," I smiled.
I thought Alex was gonna choke to death right then. He must have swallowed abruptly down his wind pipe in his surprised reaction to my response and he coughed and coughed. Dorothy and I began pounding on his back.
"Alright, alright, stop," he pleaded. "I'm okay. Goddamn, I thought you all were trying to kill me."
"Mwahaha!" I laughed. "Oh, your hair looks awesome!" I complimented Dorothy.
I wasn't just saying that. A lot of times when people get their hair styled it just looks awful for awhile but you of course tell them it looks great, but in Dorothy's case it did look fine. Her hair still hung down to her shoulders and was cut very attractively. I really think she appeared even hotter.
When she asked us if we were ready to move on in the mall, Alex and I quickly agreed. We hadn't walked very far at all when we came upon Santa Claus in his large chair talking to children. You know how these store Santas are usually old winos and guys like that? Well this one was really different, to say the least.
I had just happened to be there one evening when he came into the mall just before he was due to go on duty and I espied the Santa Claus suit he was carrying with him in a dry cleaning bag. This guy was a real hottie, let me tell you. He was six feet tall, had bleached blond fairly long hair, was incredibly handsome and was fairly slim. He looked to be in his early twenties and was probably a college student. I had wanted to meet him but I could see he was in a hurry so I couldn't stop him right then.
Here was the perfect opportunity. The line appeared pretty long, so I told Alex and Dorothy they should continue on their mall expedition and I would wait there. It might have been me, but they didn't seem very disappointed to lose my company. They quickly agreed and went on their way.
I stood at the end of the long line filled with children of all ages and parents holding babies. Nobody paid the slightest bit of attention to me. Sometimes it is helpful to be as short as I am.
Santa had a helper, a pretty young woman elf who placed a end of line sign behind me. It connoted that I would be the last person on that particular night that might talk with St. Nick. This was because it was growing very close to the mall time for closing. This was perfect for what I had in mind.
By the time I reached the head of the line most of the stores had already closed, but of course the mall itself was still open. Alex and Dorothy had come up and were standing off to the side glancing up at me once in awhile from their intensely personal conversation.
Santa called me while motioning with his hand, "Come on up, little girl. It's growing late and Santa wants to get back home to the North Pole. Ho! Ho! Ho!"
This guy was extremely corny, but of course that was part of his job. There was absolutely no one around except for my friends as I stepped forward and sat down on Santa's lap as the Elf woman was flitting from here to there preparing their leaving.
"Don't be shy, little girl. Tell Santa what you want for Christmas."
I wiggled my ass significantly on his lap. I immediately felt him harden under those flannel Santa pants.
"Um, don't do Santa like that. Just tell him what you want for Christmas." I swear his voice had gone up several octaves.
I wiggled once more on his lap and could feel his prick sticking up beneath me. I leaned back until my lips were touching his right ear and I whispered, "What's your name?"
"Derek," he answered back, "And quit screwing around here. I could lose my job."
"We're not gonna be doing any screwing, at least not right now," I quipped.
"Ho! Ho! Ho! That's funny, little girl. Just tell Santa what you want for Christmas," Derek replied loudly in that false bass voice.
I whispered once more, "I want your big massive prick up my twat. What do you think of that?"
"Yeah, that'd be nice," he whispered back. "Okay, little girl," he spoke aloud. "I'll see what I can do. Make sure and leave Santa your address so he can find your house on Christmas Eve."
Mwahaha! He thought he was finished with me for the time being. How little did he realize at that point. When I began to stand up, Derek naturally assumed I was leaving and he shifted his huge Santa trousers in an effort to cover his embarrassing erection.
Instead of standing up, I shifted around so my position was much better to reach down his pants when I sat back down on his lap. As soon as I reseated myself, I reached down inside of his elastic waist band past all the padding they made Derek wear to appear rotund and groped his erection.
"Ooh!" he exclaimed. "What are you doing?"
I began to stroke as much as his huge penis as I could as it lay inside his trousers.
"What'd you thinking I'm doing? I'm beating you off, Santa, hehe," I whispered in his ear.
"Please," he groaned. "Don't, I have to be at work at nine in the morning and there won't be any time to have my costume drycleaned if it got stained."
"Okay," I murmured.
That was all the excuse I needed to hear! Slightly rising up for a second, I pulled his red pants and jockey shorts down to his knees liberating his long erection to the mall air. I noticed that the elf lady's eyes had grown wide in surprise but she also wore a smirking smile on her pretty face.
I began to seriously work my other hand up and down on his hard prick. From where I sat it looked to be between six and a half to seven inches in length. 'Long enough to please me,' I thought with a giggle.
I hadn't been doing him very long at all when Derek began to groan louder and louder and twitching his hips up and down in a very good simulation of the sexual act, that's how good I was causing him to feel.
"Oh God!" he cried out, finally causing Alex and Dorothy to glance up at us from their conversation. They probably couldn't believe their own eyes as they observed me sitting on Santa's lap jerking him off when suddenly his cum began to shoot straight up in the air. The elfin young woman laughed to see such sport. I needed to remember her, I told myself.
To save him from his dreaded worry of staining his Santa trousers, I lowered my head and finished him with my mouth. He tasted real sweet too. Then when Derek had finished his climaxing and my mouth was dripping with his cum, I plastered a big kiss on him snaking my tongue way deep into his mouth. I figured he should have some of it back. The whole scene was so fucking hot I'm surprised I didn't orgasm myself, but I was dripping wet.
I realized Derek knew I was wet because I wasn't wearing any panties. I tucked his long dong back down inside of his pants and helped him to pull them up to make himself decent again. Nothing would ever make me decent again – mwahaha! As I stood up from his lap, Santa in a complete surprise to me stuck his hand up under my short skirt.
In a second he had located my clit and was manipulating it as hard and as fast as he could. Oh my God! It was all that I could do not to scream with pleasure. I stood watching my friends and the still interested elf who was smiling at me as Derek worked my clit as it were a toggle switch.
I couldn't help but yell, because it just felt so Goddamn good, as the cum began to cascade from me on to his hand, but at least I was appropriate. I called out "Merry Christmas to all and to all a good night," which set everyone to laughing, eventually myself included.
The entire scene of Santa Claus manipulating my clit in the now emptied mall in front of my friends and Santa's helper seemed to take on a surrealistic quality to me and it was all I could to maintain my footing as my orgasm continued to gush from me. Jesus, it was a veritable flood as Derek kept pushing my one note over and over in what turned out to be one of my largest sexual crescendo's of all time or at least it was up to that point in my life.
I finally finished creaming all over his hand and wrist. There was so much cum it was running down my legs. God! It was great, it was so nasty. It was then the entire situation proved to be too much for me physically and I would have collapsed to the mall floor if Derek had not held me up by clamping his hand firmly over my twat. Damn, that felt hot too!
He stood up behind and pulled me into him in an embrace. "That was great, thanks," I murmured to him.
"My pleasure," he smiled down at me. We made plans to meet on the following night after he got off work and I gave him a kiss goodbye. Turning, I waved and smiled at the elf helper who did the same and then I shouted out to my friends to come on and we walked from the mall. On the way out they didn't say a word. I wonder why?
The upshot of it all was Dorothy and Alex made a date for the following evening and then he gave us a ride to my house. Dorothy was staying at my house overnight as classes were already out for Christmas holiday.
Entering the house, we luckily skated right up the stairs past my family gathered around our Christmas tree singing hideously offkey Christmas carols. Haha! What a bad joke. They called for us to join them and we waved as if they were greeting us.
Instead of entering my bedroom, I pulled my friend into the bathroom and locked the door behind us. She was looking at me all wild-eyed, God knows what she thought I was gonna do to her, but I imagine she was more than a little put out when I ordered her to drop her skirt and panties on to the bathroom floor.
Sometimes if I was little too brusque I think Dorothy would become frightened of me and I think this was one of those times because she just complied with what I wanted and stepped out of her skirt and underwear. She probably thought I was demanding sex, but I wouldn't have led her to the bathroom to do that. I don't have any of that kind of confusion – you know, between bathroom procedures and sexual tendencies.
I have to admit though she looked sexy as hell standing there dressed only in her blouse and shoes. No wonder men might find that attractive, I sure did; although that wasn't what we were there for. If I was looking for loving, I would have suggested my bed – I'm weird that way.
Using Krista as my role model, I explained to Dorothy what I wanted to do and, I suppose using me as her role model, Dorothy explained she wanted to appear just as I did. So taking the tiny scissors and cutting her pubic hair back as much as possible, I then shaved the rest of it off for her until all the area around her precious little cunt hole was as bald as a baby's butt.
You know Dorothy by now, she was blushing like crazy until I told her she looked incredibly sexy and then she planted a big kiss on my lips. We quickly ducked into my bedroom so no one would observe my friend's half nakedness, but it turned out we didn't have to. They were still downstairs caterwauling.
I told Dorothy to take her blouse and bra off to keep them fresh for the next day and I would get her a night gown. Hehe, I don't wear any, but she didn't know that then. As soon as she had stripped off, I snapped her picture. Man, was she pissed.
I hugged and kissed her to calm her down and then we turned off the lights and crawled into my bed nude. We hugged and cuddled, it was great.
Don't miss the next chapter and my adventures with Santa on Christmas Eve. Mwahaha!