Another story in 750 words!
The packed outdoor concert, with people crammed into the stadium, overflowing to cover the football field. My boyfriend and I were close to the stage. Standing in the second row. People to the left of me, to the right of him, shoulder to shoulder. I stood on top of our cooler to gain the best view.
By standing on top of the cooler, I had more room than others. The man behind, well over six feet, his head was to the left of me, about the same level as me. On occasion, I glanced at his face, and his eyes seemed fixed on me.
The gorgeous man had beautiful eyes, with a carved marble body. In the heat of the summer day, the fellow removed his shirt. With his magnificent pecks, a washboard belly, and bulging biceps, I pondered what lay inside his pants.
He noticed me, noticing him, and gave me a wicked smile. Bending his face to mine.
"Wanna fuck you, baby."
Thoughts rushed through my mind; disturbing, dark desires, fearful anxieties, and an intense adrenaline rush. My eyes gazed to the left, back to my boyfriend, beyond him to others, down the front row. Twisting my head, I stared at the man's lips, which were so inviting. Leaning back into him, I gave him a peck.
This was all the encouragement required.
I wore a pleated skirt with a Venus shirt buttoned between my legs. The sun dipped behind the stadium at least an hour before. One hand pushed up under my skirt, and the other tugged at my blouse, seeking an entrance to my flesh below. As soon as he realized how the blouse worked, he unsnapped the closure and discovered my uncovered pussy.
Tugging the shirt, he pulled the back out of my skirt, and his right hand moved to my breast. Unsnapping the closure, he pushed the cups from my apple-sized tits and messaged me lightly. With both hands, one breast in each, he pinched my nipples and returned his attention to full tits, cupping, squeezing them, and working me until my flesh was alive with goose-pimples.
The man to the left turned his attention to us. Still, he moved to the music as we also moved to the pounding of the beat and our hearts. One of his hands moved from my breast, down my belly, past the hem of my skirt, and underneath, finding my now moist pussy.
Stadium lights bathed the band and crowd in illumination. I felt eyes on me, consuming me as he urged my body to yield. The stranger unzipped his pants.
The man turned me to him, took me by my ass, picked me up, and pulled me to him. He slid me down till my pussy met his cock. With some mind of its own, his penis moved about until it found my opening.
My boyfriend noticed nothing. Standing on either side of us, others turned their attention away from the stage to the new show in town. One man pulled his cock out while his girlfriend dropped to her knees and engulfed him.
Leaning into him, his cock head moved inside me as our lips met. My arms around his neck, my legs clamped around his waist, I rocked my pussy all the way down his pecker, taking the entire mass inside me.
Working my hips, kissing him, I fucked him, with twenty people viewing and my boyfriend oblivious to the whole matter.
With total abandon, fear replaced with a salacious desire to satisfy me. Not caring what the man got out of it, I fucked him as I had never fucked in my life. Every inch of my body crawled with pleasure. My eyes darted to my boyfriend. Serves him right for being so absorbed by anything other than me.
The man's cock twitched, pulsed, and showed every sign of his impending explosion.
"Don't you lose it," I snarled into his ear. "Not yet."
Concentrating, thinking only of my body, and the eyes watching me, I rode him like he was a stallion.
Closer and closer.
His prick, lurching, twitching, so ready.
Up and down, I hammered my hips down on him hard and fast.
The shock wave moved from the g-spot to my toes in one direction to the center of my mind, the other direction. I sunk against him, all the energy consuming me.
"Goodbye."
I stepped back to the cooler, returned my attention to the stage, and leaned over, kissing Christopher.