If you're new to my stories Nicole was my girlfriend, and is now wife. My stories are all pulled from real experiences we've had along the way.
Nicole has a small posse of very hot friends. They're all about the same build (think athletic cheerleader) and around the same height.
In this group of beautiful coeds, her friend Karen stands out near the top. A fit brunette, Karen has shoulder length black hair and a darker skin tone that gives her an exotic look. I'm not sure what her background is, she just looks like she has a great tan all year round.
Karen is also the wild-child of the friend group....always flirting and keeping the energy up.
Looking back as I write this, i don't remember Karen ever having a steady boyfriend.
During our college years, Nicole and Karen started getting frisky with each other when a party would pick up the pace.
It started innocently enough when we would go out to a bar or house party. They'd catch each other's vibe, or Karen would whip it up, and they would kiss a little bit.
Maybe Nicole would bring Karen a drink from the bar and Karen would lean into her and plant a wet one to say thanks, biting Nicole's lip as she drew away with a mischievious smile. Or they would stand really really close against each other, straddling each others thigh.
I considered it just harmless fun, happening almost exclusively when we were all partying together.
Everyone played along with them, teasing them to "get a room" or something similar when they acted up. I'd usually just dead-pan tell them they're "a nightmare" or just hit them with a "good grief, girls"
As the summer wore on they would kiss a little longer in the party situations and it started to become something more on the regular, even outside of party hours.
I found it a super hot turn-on. And I had zero issues with it.
One afternoon in late summer Nicole invited me to spend the day hanging out by her pool.
She said Karen was already there and Susan might be coming over as well.
This is a situation no male could turn down. Hanging out all day with three delicious college girls in bikinis is every guys dream.
And Nicole's parents were away at a cottage for the week so we had the place to ourselves.
I got there around 1pm. Nicole and Karen were nicely laid out on their loungers soaking up the sun and wearing very little,
If i wasnt mistaken, Karen was actually wearing one of Nicole's bikinis: a sexy blue triangle top with a string bottom. Nicole was wearing a matching yellow one. One especially redeeming quality of Nicole was that she intentionally bought her swimsuits slightly too small. It definitely accentuated her features and made her look and feel even more sexy and revealing. So this meant that Karen was also looking even more amazing in Nic's tiny bikini.
It got hotter (in more ways than one) as the afternoon slowly rolled on. We took turns getting in the pool and fetching fresh drinks from the house.
Susan showed up mid-afternoon and wasted no time peeling off her shorts and t-shirt to reveal yet another deadly bikini.
She lowered herself onto a lounger next to me and twisted open a cooler.
Hearing the pshht of the opening bottle, Nicole gut and from her chair and announced "I'm heading inside to grab a drink, does anyone need one?"
"Yup, surprise me" i said.
Karen got up from her chair as well saying "I'll come with you" that made Susan and I give each other a knowing glance over.
After the they had been gone a few minutes Susan turned to me and said "You know, this thing they do together, its interesting."
"What do you mean?" i asked.
"Karen has never once made a move on me. And Nicole never struck me as the lipstick lesbian type. Its almost like Karen looked at her like some sort of challenge."
"Jealous, are you?" i teased.
"No. Well...kind of. Like, watching them when they're into each other is a real turn on. Karen gives off so much sex appeal I dont think anyone, male or female, could resist her."
This was an interesting wrinkle in my day: chatting with one of Nic's closest friends, who was almost naked, about how she secretly wished she could have some girl-on-girl action, while my Nicole was likely steps away getting actually getting some was making me very aroused. The bulge growing in my swim shorts was obvious and getting uncomfortable.
i wriggle my shorts to get more comfortable which made the new outline of my erection obvious to Susan.
Lowering her sunglasses to look at my bulge Susan quipped "See what i mean? You;re getting hard just talking about it."
"Sorry, I can't help it. And honestly, any guy would be in a constant state of semi-arousal around all of you girls."
Taking another sip, Susan said "Well, it's pretty obvious that there's more than enough horniness to go around here today."
"If you want in on Karen's fun i'm willing to bet she would pounce on any move you make on her. Actually I'll bet you $5 that literally any close move you make on her will make her pounce. Literally."
More than 15 minutes had passed since the girls went inside.
Setting down her empty drink, Susan let out a little sigh and said "Do we need to go in there and check on them?"
"Well, I"m still waiting for a drink so i guess we both need to reload and we should razz them."
I stepped through the back door to the kitchen first, and there they were making out leaning against each other. Karen's back against the oversized island.
Undistracted by our presence, they carried on in a deep kiss.
Coming around the island I could see that Karen had a hand down the front of Nicole's bikini and was working her pussy while Nicole grinded against her.
Nicole had both of her hands lightly on Karen's hips, and i grabbed the one closest to me, "okay lovebirds, that/s enough for now" i said as i gently pulled Nicole out of her embrace and into the living room, leaving Karen and Susan in the kitchen.
Nicole was in a foggy haze she was so aroused.
With her back to the sofa i untied her strings on each side of her bikini bottom as I planted a heavy kiss on her.
"What are you going to do to me?" she whispered while our lips were just grazing each other.
"Everything." I said as i nudged her backwards onto the couch.
Her bikini bottom fell to the floor revealing her bare pussy, swollen from arousal and soaked with her juices.
"It's my turn now," i said as i lowered my face into her pussy. Licking up and down her slit, her juices all over my mouth."
Nicole grabbed my hair and held me in place once my tongue found her clit.
"fuck yes. therrrre. fuuuuuuck. oooooooohhhhhh."
I kept working her clit with my tongue and slipped two fingers inside her, stroking her g-spot.
Nicole was writhing and shaking as she started letting out screams of "fuck!" and "uhhhhhh!"
My cock was on fire, and i leaned back to take a new position to put it in her.
"Fuck me!" "Fuck me now!" she squealed as i slipped inside her wet pussy easily.
She made the slight "eye roll back" face she does when i push in at the start.
I started fucking her with a steady rhythm coming almost all the way out and then going back in to pretty much bottom out inside her.
"Fuck,,,,yeah.....ohhhhhhh......yeaaaahhh......oohhhhhhhh" was all i heard from her for the next few minutes as i built toward my orgasm.
I could feel her tighten around my shaft as she came several times.
I pulled out and flipped her up onto cowgirl style, which is always my favorite.
When she rides me Nicole is able to find her perfect angle and grind her clit on me for even better orgasms.
Both of her hands were on my shoulders for support and she found her rhythm, picking up the pace and crying out in moans and screams.
She let out a powerful "Fuuuuucccckkkk" and reached one hand down to work her clit, pushing her farther over the edge. I joined her, releasing a major load inside her as she quivered and collapsed onto me.
Grinding on me slowly in a circular motion she came again and bit hard into my shoulder.
"You're never allowed to stop fucking me."
"Same," i said.
Nicole lifted off me and crawling back over my knees she knelt down between my legs and started sucking and licking my still hard cock.
"Can't have you going back out to the girls all sloppy and smelling like sex," she said.
We'd forgotten all about Susan and Karen having been left in the next room, but i thought I heard footsteps running upstairs while we were going at it.
Nicole finished, and raised her head, wiping cum off her bottom lip with the back of her hand.
"Nicole, you're the most amazing girlfriend," I said.
"Grab me a cooler on your way to the pool, sexy. I'm going to clean myself up." she said as she stood up and turned toward the bathroom.
I grabbed two cans from the fridge and made my way back outside to my chair. There was no sign of Susan or Karen.
After a couple of minutes, Susan was surprisingly the next to return, again sitting beside me.
I noticed she was covered with tiny beads of sweat and had a flushed, dishevelled look about her.
"You put on quite the show in there," she said.
"Wait, you were watching us?"
"WE were watching you, and it was insanely hot."
"So what happened to you and Karen? We didn't know where you went."
"Um, watching you guys putting on a live sex show had us both captivated. And horny as hell. Next thing you know we're making out and Karen pulls me upstairs to Nicole's bedroom."
"Also, I owe you $5. You were right. She pounced on me just for turning and looking in her eyes."
"So where's Karen now?"
"I left her in the shower."
I took a sip if my beer and leaned my head back, taking eveything i had just heard into my brain.
In the last hour my girlfriend had gone from being fingered and making out with her bestie, eaten out and fucked by her boyfriend while her friends watched and they run off to have sex with each other in another room.
Oh, right now my girlfriend was off "cleaning herself up" while her fuck-buddy was in the shower...and probably hooking up again.
And after all of that we all just sit around the pool like its just another day.