Author's note: This story is a continuation of "An Adventure in Vegas". For those of you like myself who enjoy character development, you might like to read that adventure first before diving into this one. Warning: This fictional story does contain descriptions of sexual relationships amongst consenting adults outside the boundaries of marriage. I say this because I don't want to offend anyone. Thank you to all of those who have read my stories in the past and will be reading this one now! I hope you enjoy!
The Heat Rises in Vegas
Joan began to feel the first pains of guilt when she started walking with Stephen, holding his hand shyly as he guided her toward a stairway that would lead them downstairs where each expected to find their spouse's; the two most important people in their lives having been left behind an hour earlier. After reaching the main floor---which served as the social area for the swingers club they were in, a place Joan never even dreamed of stepping into when this night first began---Joan fell silent, consciously fighting back tears when she saw her husband sitting about twenty feet away from her. When she saw him smiling broadly at her the moment she caught his eye though, it was then that the feelings of guilt hit her with full force. Feeling more and more ashamed that she had just had sex with another man, the shame climbing even higher knowing full well that she had savored every second of it, all she wanted to do at that moment was flee. Frozen where she stood however, all she could do was pray that her husband would one day forgive her when the time came for her to confess what she had done.
For her husband Brent, when he saw his wife stepping away from the stairs, he was glowing inside. Looking at her now, he could still see her completely naked, her beautiful legs wrapped tightly around the back of Stephen's thighs as he fucked her; remember again the mask of ecstasy on her face as she willingly kept her legs spread widely apart, allowing only the second man in her life to touch and taste her pussy, losing count how many times this man both had met for the first time this night could so easily bring about the happily familiar look that always fell upon her face whenever she was in the midst of cumming; see again, something that would always stand out for him, Stephen's buttock muscles contracting sharply each time he thrust his penis hard into his wife's sex, her feet flapping back and forth by the way he had forced her legs to rest high on his shoulders so he could penetrate her deeply, nothing but bliss present on Joan's face as he did so. With these visions burning on the forefront of his mind, as he continued to stare lovingly at her, he could feel his manhood getting hard again despite the fact he had already cum twice himself this amazing night.
Quickly though, as well as he knew his wife Brent sensed Joan was now struggling heavily trying to cope with the aftermath of what she had just done. For as long as he could remember, he had fantasized about watching her having sex with another man and he could barely believe it even now that it had actually happened, especially given the fact that everything that had transpired this night was completely unplanned and unexpected. And because his wife's infidelity was such an intensely beautiful thing to witness, because it had been such a mind blowing rush for him to observe, he knew he would have to act quickly if there was ever a chance for something like it to happen again. Acting on this, he swiftly walked over to her and said softly, "Sweetheart, don't feel bad! Please, don't! I know what happen and I want you to know that it was the sexiest, the most incredibly erotic thing I have ever seen! You looked absolutely beautiful and I hope you enjoyed every second of it! And I want you to know that I love you very, very much!"
Hearing her husband's words, Joan could no longer hold back the emotion she was feeling, tears quickly falling down her cheeks as she pressed her face into Brent's chest. Even as she felt his hands sliding around her so he could hold her body tightly against his own, she still felt a heavy weight of guilt because of what she had done. As she started to absorb more readily what he had just said to her though, loving the way he was holding her, she slowly began to feel the early ebbings of relief. Attempting to control herself, not wanting to cry any further out of fear she would embarrass both of them knowing there was a large number of people mingling around them, she asked him curiously, "How did you know?"
"The room the two of you were in has a secret camera. Stacey told me only a select few even know some of the cameras exist. She said they're present in all of the rooms that have locking doors for security in case somebody ever got out of hand." Smiling down at Joan, Brent continued, his heart rate increasing as he once again recalled what he had witnessed her doing still only a short time ago. "Anyway, after she finished playing in that orgy room we saw her in before you left with Stephen, she came out and told me that we might be able to find out secretly what the two of you were up two. When we reached the room with all of the monitors, she flipped through a few channels until we happened to find you two. What I saw when you appeared on that TV screen, well, it came really close to having a heart attack! I damn near passed out!" After speaking, the grin on Brent's face could be seen a mile away.
Embarrassed that he had caught her in such a forbidden situation, Joan asked, "What did you see?"
"When the screen flipped to the room you two were in, I saw you on a desk and you were wearing absolutely nothing at all. Not only did that blow me away but Stephen was naked too and both of you were playing with yourselves right in front of each other. The next thing I know, he was going down on you. When he did, I didn't see you make a move to push him away. That was when I thought I was going to faint!" As he spoke, Brent could feel his face flushing as visions of what he had seen ran vividly through his mind.
Because of her conservative upbringing, Joan began to feel guilty again. "I know you say it's okay but I really feel bad right now." After a brief pause, not liking how she was feeling inside, she then said further, "I cheated on you and I feel sick because I did!" Thinking, she suddenly remembered, at one point earlier in the evening, she had sworn she had seen something in Brent that was silently encouraging her to do something with Stephen. Know, realizing that suspicion was completely true, she found herself beginning to feel angered by it. From this, she started to ask, "What were you doing when...." Stopping herself before she could finish though, she knew immediately that her asking Brent if he had done anything himself would come of as being exceedingly hypocritical, especially with an angry tone in her voice. However, with everything that was happening, she couldn't help but wonder and question for the first time since she had known him whether or not he truly loved and respected her, these negative thoughts heightened by the way she could see in him how excited and aroused he was knowing she had just been taken by another man.
Confused by the wide range of emotions she was feeling, she said to him, "Brent, take me home! Take me back to our hotel! I want to go!"
For the next couple of minutes, Brent and Joan awkwardly exchanged pleasantries and goodbyes with Stephen and Stacey before they jumped into a cab that took them back to the strippers club where their rental car had been left behind. Silently, never exchanging a single word, they then went back to their hotel.
It took nearly a month for all of the guilt and anger Joan took away with her that night to finally fade away. Two things were needed for it to do so though: time and deeply intimate conversations with her husband. Eventually, happily, she fully accepted that Brent did truly love and respected her no differently then he had before that night in Vegas. From their talks, she came to realize that, because of the intensity of his love for her, seeing her being pleased in the most intimate and physically enjoyable way possible by another man only brought about deep pleasure for him. She also learned that he felt profound joy witnessing firsthand her ability to finally break completely free from the restrictive box that had been formed around her since her childhood. From these revelations, one day when she was driving home from work, she suddenly became overwhelmed with emotion, in some way feeling like she was being reborn; because, for the first time in her life, she was finally accepting the fact that the sexual fantasies and yearnings she had long been repressing deep within herself were only natural, curious desires; and this allowed her to fully accept that these feelings, these cravings that occasionally arouse from deep within were not the workings of a sinful soul.
As a result of this, Joan's hunger for sex reawakened with intense vigor, her renewed lust for her husband quickly making up for the lost intimacy that had occurred between them since their weekend vacation in Las Vegas. After she made love to, or better said, "fucked" her spouse for the seventh time in three days though, surprised she had forgotten, she recalled something Stephen and Stacey had said to them a month earlier. After a night or two "playing" with others, the two of them had always come back together to "tear each other to pieces". Excluding her emotional roller coaster over the last month, Joan knew this was something she and Brent were doing now. Titillated by this, as the days passed, Joan began to think more and more about Stephen and Stacey. More specifically, she couldn't get her mind off Stephen.
Thinking about him, she was thankful that the second man she had ever had sex with, the only other man in the world that had been inside her, was a man who had been very gentle with her. As the days continued to pass, at times when she was alone, she began to masturbate while thinking about him; stimulating herself as she recalled over and over everything that had happened between them. In time, memories turning into fantasies that were filled with longing and desire to see him again, to feel him again.
Brent was thrilled when Joan eventually shared with him that she was thinking about Stephen and Stacey; loving the look on her face when he started to talk dirty to her when they had sex, telling her in as graphic detail as he could again and again everything he had witnessed her doing with Stephen that night in the swingers club. Emboldened by this, after a week of debating with himself whether or not he should do something, he finally made a special, unique call. A call he knew could possibly change he and his wife's lives forever.
"Hi! Can I speak with Stephen?"
After being placed on hold a couple of minutes by Stephen's assistant, he heard, "Hello! This is Stephen."
Surprised he was nervous, perhaps because he was feeling a high level of arousal from what he was doing, Brent said, "Hey, Stephen! This is Brent Evans! Umm! I don't know if you remember but my wife and I met you a little over a month ago in Las Vegas."
Before Brent could say anything further, Stephen abruptly announced, laughing, "Of course I remember you!! Stacey and I have talked about you two a lot over the last couple of weeks! We were starting to think we would never hear from you two again! This is a very nice surprise!" As he spoke, Stephen instantly had an erection in his pants. Standing up to close the door to his office, all he could think about was Joan. Remembering how incredibly innocent and beautiful she was. Remembering how exquisite her body felt. Remembering what an incredibly seductive and sexually satisfying night it had been with her. He simply couldn't get the woman out of his mind.
"Well, I'll be honest with you! Joan had a rough go of it for a while after everything that happened that night! She had a real strict upbringing and her doing what she did required some time for her to digest a lot of different feelings. With that said, in time, she realizes now what happened wasn't a bad thing or a sign that our marriage is doomed or anything like that. In fact, our sex life lately has been amazing!" After a brief pause, anxious with what he was about to propose, he continued, "Anyway, over the last week or so, Joan has been talking more and more about the two of you. Well, fondly about you to be more specific. Because of that, I was wondering if you and Stacey would have any interest in maybe meeting up with us again in Vegas some time?"
Instantly, Stephen replied, "Absolutely! We would love that!" Swallowing to control the lust he was feeling, he then said, "I'm flattered that Joan has fond memories of that night! I have to be honest, I have some very fond memories from that night too!" After a brief pause, he then added, "Stacey would be mad at me if I didn't tell you that she has some happy memories about you as well!"
Drawing in a nervous breath, Brent started to recall the fun he had fucking Stephen's wife that night. He was still blown away that she not only once, but twice, insisted that he cum in her mouth, mesmerized as he watched her swallow every drop of his seed both times. Never being in a situation talking to a man that had firsthand knowledge that he had had sex his wife though, Brent said, "I'll be honest! I feel kind of weird about that! I hope everything is cool!"
Aware of Brent's uneasiness, having dealt with it many times in the past with others, Stephen replied, "Brent, don't even worry about it! We're swingers, remember? She spoke highly of you and I know she would be thrilled to see you again!"
"Well, I would love to see her again, too. But, I have no doubt Joan would love to see you again even more. Whenever we talk about that night, she gets this look in her eye. I'm convinced as well as I know her that she secretly desires to do something like that again. However, with that said, I also think she'll probably need some encouragement, some special motivation before anything ever happened. Because of that, I'm thinking..." Brent paused briefly, barely believing what he was about to suggest before saying further, "I'm really thinking that, if you were to give her a call out of the blue, you might be able to push the right buttons...maybe titillate her enough into making her want to go back to Vegas again. Maybe sooner then later!"
Hearing this, Stephen could feel his whole body starting to tingle. After looking to make sure he locked the door to his office again, he started to massage his erection hidden in his pants. Curious, he then asked, "Are you sure she would be receptive to a call from me out of the blue like that?"
"Yeah! Well, ninety-five percent sure anyway. I have to go to a business dinner tonight. She should be home alone. Would you like to call her tonight?" As he asked, Brent realized he was shaking.
"Absolutely!" Stephen answered, wishing he could call her now. Plotting, he then asked, "Should I tell her I got your number from you?"
"No! Well... Yeah. Why don't you just tell her I called you just to say thanks and hello? Would that be okay?"
"Yeah! That sounds fine." Stephen then wrote down Brent and Joan's home phone number. After confirming it, he didn't know why he was doing so as he asked, "Brent, I just want to make sure all of this is cool with you. I want to caution you, too. If I'm reading correctly what you have seen in her, not to mention what I thought I sensed in her that night I was with her myself, you could be unleashing Pandora's box in her. Are you sure you want to do that?"
After thinking a moment, Brent replied simply, "I think its already been opened!"
Swallowing, Stephen said, "Okay! I look forward to calling her tonight!"
After hanging up the phone, Stephen stood and walked over to his office door to confirm one last time that it was locked. Seeing that it was, he quickly pulled off his pants before sitting back down at his desk. Then, closing his eyes, he started to masturbate, fantasizing about everything he hoped he might be able to do with Joan if or when he got the chance to see her again. In time, exploding with a heavy grunt as he visualized himself once again buried deep inside her.
Stephen purposely called Joan and Brent's house eighteen minutes past seven, doing so in an effort to make his call look like it was something spontaneous. As the rings continued, he became distinctly aware that his palms were sweating due to the anxiety he felt wanting to hear Joan's soft, feminine voice again. After the sixth ring, he felt a rush when he heard her familiar voice answer, "Hello?"
"Hello! This is a friendly voice from your not to distant past! This is Stephen! Is this Joan?" As he asked, Stephen flipped the phone to his left hand, using his pants to dry his free hand.
When she fully recognized who it was, Joan felt a powerful adrenaline rush making her heart race and her face flush. Very much surprised, she stammered out, "Um! Hi!!" Stuttering with nervousness, she followed, "Um...how...how are you doing?" As she asked, thoughts of how Stephen found her phone number fell heavy on her mind.
"I'm doing great! Brent called me at work today to say "hi". I guess Stacey gave him one of my business cards that night we all met. I was really happy to hear from you guys. Brent said things have been going good for you two since then." Pausing briefly, he then continued, "Stacey and I have talked about the both of you a lot and we were worried when we never heard from either of you that that night might have actually been a bad experience for you two. Has everything really been okay?"
Smiling, just as she had done several weeks earlier, Joan again found herself enjoying the fact that Stephen was watching out for her feelings. As she moved over to the couch in their living room, she replied, "Um...I've been doing okay!" Stopping to think for a second, she then followed, "I have to tell you, though! It's been kind of bugging me that I didn't say goodbye as nicely as I should have. I kind a forced Brent to take me home quickly that night because I was feeling pretty guilty after everything that happened."
Jumping in, Stephen said, "I'm sorry! I really hope things are better now!"
Embarrassed that she was being as forthcoming as she was, Joan said, "Oh! They are!" Sitting, she pulled her nightshirt over her knees, curling her bare feet beneath her, a second later saying further, "Being with you, well, you're the only other man who I have ever been that intimate with in my life. Between that and the fact that I'm married, it was all pretty hard for me to take at the time."
Genuinely concerned for her feelings, Stephen asked, "Well, I really do hope things are better for you now! I hope you don't have any more feelings of guilt or regret or anything like that!"
"No! I'm okay now!" Pausing, nervously biting down on her bottom lip, barely believing she was actually speaking to Stephen again, Joan added, "It took awhile but I eventually realized that Brent loves me no less then he did before. In fact, he was not only accepting of what happened, it really turned him on which was a big surprise to me." After taking in a cautious breath, debating if she should say anything more about how she had been feeling, her comfort talking to Stephen allowed her to say further, "And, another thing I finally came to accept was the fact that what happened between you and I was just sex. It wasn't like we were making love or anything like that, but it took awhile to accept the fact that I had actually done something so intimate with a man other then my husband. It was ingrained in me when I grew up that sex was only for a husband and wife, and, well, to make babies. Definitely not something you can do just for pleasure, and with an almost complete stranger no less!"
Despite hearing this, Stephen cautiously asked, "Well, again, I hope you're okay with everything now. Brent said you were but I wanted to make sure it was true!"
Smiling, hearing his genuine concern, Joan replied simply, "It is!"
"Well, good!" Pausing for effect, Stephen then added, "And, with that said, I hope you have nothing but fond memories of that night we were together! I know I certainly do! I'll never forget that night!"
Grinning as she blushed, Joan replied shyly, "I will.... I do, I mean!"
Grinning himself, Stephen's voice turned more serious as he asked, "So tell me, is there anything in particular you're going to remember with extra fondness about that night?"
Biting down on her lower lip again, Joan could feel her nipples were starting to get hard as the arousal she was feeling steadily grew. Looking around reflexively to make sure she was alone despite knowing that she was, she answered softly, "I don't know! A lot happened that night!"
Encouraging her playfully yet firmly, Stephen replied, "Come on now! There's got to be something that stands out for you! What? Tell me?"
After thinking for a moment, Joan answered, "I don't know! Well, when you were touching my leg under the table at the strip club, that was pretty exciting!"
Surprised, Stephen said, "Really? I thought that was pretty tame! I mean, I enjoyed teasing and touching you like that immensely but I'm surprised that's what stands out at you the most!"
"Well, it's not theonlything! It's the fact that you did it while I was sitting right next to Brent! That's why it stands out for me! It was so dangerous but exciting at the same time!" As she spoke, remembering what had happened, Joan began to softly run her nails up and down one of her legs, purposely teasing her skin.
Smiling, recalling the look on Joan's face that night when he teased her, he said, "It was fun! And, totally spontaneous on my part, too! Hearing you talk about your sex life got the best of me I guess!" After a brief pause, he then asked, "But there's got to be something else that stands out for you! Is there?"
Thinking, Joan couldn't come up with anything that stood out for her, answering him honestly when she eventually replied, "I'm sorry! There isn't really anything that does because everything that night was almost surreal. From the moment we met to the moment you kissed me after...well...after you...you know... finished... it all stands out for me!"
Stephen sighed. Recalling what she was inferring too, because he had been so highly aroused for so long, when he finally climaxed he all but coated the entire front side of Joan's amazing body with his cum. As he panted in recovery after doing so, he had asked her if he could kiss her, quickly blown away when she not only told him he could but also told him that she wanted to feel him back inside her again when he did. Smiling, he recalled fondly how incredible her body felt when he locked his body back into her's once again, remembering the way they kissed passionately for a very enjoyable length of time as his manhood slowly softened inside her.
Still, wanting to push her just as he had done that night, he said, "You're right! It all stands out for me, too!" After taking a deep breath though, he said further, "But I have to be honest, if you don't mind me being so bold. I can't remember if I told you that night and I apologize if I didn't but I really want you to know that you taste like candy, sweetie!" Taking another deep breath, fearful he was going to be too graphic but to aroused to stop himself, he then added, "No matter how hard I try, I just can't get the sweetness of your tight little pussy out of my mind! You're absolutely delicious!"
As she absorbed this, it was Joan's turn to sigh. Biting down on her lower lip again, she closed her eyes as she recalled the sight of Stephen's bright blue eyes staring up at her as he pleased her with his mouth. As she did so, the steadily building lust she was feeling inside made her slide her left hand to her chest so she could start teasing her nipples. Realizing what she was doing, she felt embarrassed that this man was once again making her think about things that she still knew a married "good girl" shouldn't think about. In response, she said, "You're so bad! You should stop! You're embarrassing me!"
Immediately, Stephen replied, "Do you want me to stop?"
Feeling herself shaking, debating how she should answer, Joan eventually replied shyly, "No!" Suddenly remembering something and frustrated because of it, she then said, "But I can't talk much longer! My mom's staying with Brent and I for a few days. She was supposed to come tomorrow but decided to come tonight, instead. She'll be here any minute now!"
Disappointed and wondering if it was true or not, Stephen said, "Bummer! I was hoping to talk to you for a while tonight! But I understand!"
"I'm sorry! I'd really like to talk to you, too!" After a brief pause, Joan then added, "Could we talk again some time in a few days, though?"
Jumping at the opening, Stephen said, "Absolutely! However, I have an even better idea! How would you feel about coming out to Vegas with Brent so you guy's can spend some time with Stacey and me? We would love to see you guy's again!" Pausing, he said further, "There's no doubtIwould absolutely love to seeyouagain!!"
Drawing in a nervous breath, as Joan adjusted how she was sitting, she was startled how strongly her vagina felt like it was on fire. Enjoying the feeling, she consciously contracted her vaginal muscle to heighten the sensation. Realizing she still needed to answer Stephen's question though, despite the way her body was feeling, she answered guardedly, "I don't know! I would have to ask Brent!"
Playing with her, Stephen asked, "Okay! But, how about you? Would you like to come out here? Come out here and maybe... play again?"
Hearing this, Joan sighed again. Due to nervousness, arousal and even a little bit of fear, she couldn't bring herself to answer him. Finally though, she forced herself to say, "Maybe! I don't know! I'll think about it!"
Laughing softly, Stephen confidently replied, "I think I'm hearing a hesitant yes from you?" Licking his lips, he then followed, "Good! Very good!" Standing to walk off the tension he was feeling, he said further, "Well, however you're feeling, promise me you and Brent will talk about it? I want you to know though, there are some fun and wild events planned at that swingers club if you do find yourself interested in visiting that place again. I really think it would be a lot of fun if we all went there together again." Pausing for effect as he had done before, he then added, "Perhaps it might even lead to a great opportunity for you to expand your horizons even more this time around! Maybe give you a chance to do something even wilder!"
Feeling a strong rush, Joan could feel her face flushing again. As her heart pounded in her chest, she said nervously, "What do you mean?"
Hoping to torment her with his response, Stephen said coyly, "I'll promise to tell you more! Or better yet, show you firsthand if you come!"
With perfect timing that benefited only Stephen, Joan heard the doorbell ring. Frustrated, deeply curious what Stephen was insinuating, she announced, "Damn!! My mom's here!"
"Okay! I'll let you go! But one quick thing! I really hope you two come out and see us soon! Very, soon!" Pausing yet again, Stephen then added, "And even more, I really, really hope I get the chance to play with you again, Joan! I want to feel your body again! And I definitely would love to have the opportunity to taste you again!"
Sighing hard, feeling lightheaded and taken aback that a man other then her husband was talking to her this way, Joan felt embarrassed when she found herself not able to say anything in response.
Smiling, knowing full well how his words were affecting her, Stephen said simply before hanging up, "Bye, Joan! I do really look forward to seeing you again! And I hope it's soon!"
Thrilled he had spoken to her, Stephen held his arms over his head and stretched, hoping that Joan would be able to go through with it. Heavily aroused talking to her, once again thinking about what he would to do her if he saw her again, he started walking through his house, eventually descending down two flights of stairs until he reached the basement. Turning a corner, he grinned when he discovered his wife was watching an erotic movie. Without saying a word, he grabbed her roughly, picking her up before firmly bending her over the couch she had been sitting on. Violent with lust, he then pushed her nightshirt up onto her back. A second later, literally tearing her panties off her body, loving how she gasped out loud when he forcefully thrust his erection deep inside her. Holding her down tightly, he then started to vigorously pound his manhood in and out of her sex. Soon, grunting when he heard his wife say to him with a shaky voice, "I guess this means you reached her and there's a good chance she's coming!" A few moments later, cumming blissfully inside her when he listened to her say further, "That's good because I want to see you fuck her again, baby! And I want her husband to fuck me just like you are right now when you do!!"
For the next week, Joan couldn't stop thinking about Stephen and the swingers club. Even more, she couldn't stop thinking about just what exactly Stephen had meant when he said she might be able to "expand her horizons". Constantly, numerous possibilities ran through her head and every one of them were both frightening and stimulating to her. And deep down, she knew it was more of the latter.
Having no idea why, both the wonder and fear of the unknown eventually inspired her enough to ask Brent if he would like to go back to Las Vegas again, coyly suggesting that the two of them should consider going there, "Maybe this weekend...if you want to?"
Brent felt concerned he may have agreed too quickly when he jumped at the opening, replying abruptly, "Yeah! I can go online and get everything set up right now!"
His concern wasn't necessary, though. Despite feeling some anxiety that they might be heading down a dangerous path, Joan's near obsession thinking about the unknown possibilities that lay before her made her body stir endlessly with lust. So much so, a part of her wished they could go to Las Vegas that night.
The next three days felt like an entire month but finally, as Brent and Joan pulled their rental car out of the their hotel's parking lot in Vegas, both could feel the warmth of adrenaline surging through their veins; their excitement fueled knowing exactly where they were heading. Earlier in the week, Brent had called Stephen at his home to make arrangements for them to meet. Speaking to each other, both quickly decided they should skip with any sort of pleasantry like dinner. What each of them wanted, what each readily agreed upon was for them and their spouses to meet at the swingers club "to get things started sooner then later".
It was only after Brent hung up the phone that he wondered how Joan would accept all of them meeting at the swingers club right from the start. Expecting her wanting to be wined and dined, he smiled when Joan informed him she would rather just meet Stephen and Stacey at the club no differently than everyone else. From the look on her face when she said so, Brent knew instinctively that Joan was looking forward to going to the swingers club again just as much as he was. Knowing this, he felt like he had a permanent erection as the days slowly passed by.
Entering the club twenty minutes later, both Brent and Joan had become so aroused, each could feel themselves trembling inside. Even more for Joan, she felt like an electric current was dancing between her nipples and her clitoris, the pleasing sensation giving her butterflies. When she saw Stephen in the midst of a large crowd smiling at her however, seeing him walking toward her from where he had been seated at the bar, the feeling became so intense she felt like she was going to burst.
"Hey, you two!! It's awesome to see you both again!" Stephen said, shouting so he could be heard over the loud music that was echoing over the large group of people dancing on a hard wood floor behind him.
Smiling, Brent extended his hand and shook Stephen's firmly, saying, "It's good to see you, too!" As he said this, Brent grinned from the courteous but very brief look in the eye he received from Stephen. Studying him, he could see clearly on his face the excitement he had seeing Joan again. Not offended in the least, his grin grew even wider when he watched Stephen's face turn into something that could best be described as a mask of lust, seeing this when Stephen's full attention was placed on his wife.
Absorbing Joan's beauty, Stephen sighed as he shook his head a few seconds, finally saying, "Joan, you look absolutely stunning! Absolutely...gorgeous!!"
She did.
Wanting to feel sexy, Joan was wearing a stylish white blouse that provocatively exposed her perfect, firmly toned stomach highlighted by the sapphire ring piercing her navel; the attractiveness of her appearance enriched that much more by the way her shirt also left exposed the cleavage between her breasts. Enhancing the visual even further, she was also wearing an expensive dark blue skirt that ended just a few inches above midthigh; the short-heeled sandals she was wearing working well to accentuate her flawless legs and perfect bottom. Her appearance was not only making Stephen stare at her hungrily, every man standing around them could feel their mouth watering as they stared at her youthful beauty as well.
As Joan watched Stephen's eyes wander up and down her body, she too could see the lust he had for her in his eyes. Feeling her face grow warm because of it, she replied shyly, "Thanks!!" After a brief pause, trying to cover her nervousness, she then said, "You look good, too!"
Wearing a black shirt and khaki pants that worked well to amplify his athletic physique, Stephen replied, "Well, thank you!" Quickly saying further, "Please, come join me at a table by the bar for a drink! Stacey ran off for a few minutes but she'll be back soon."
Even though it was innocent, Joan felt a sharp, pleasing chill when Stephen placed his hand on her lower back to guide her and Brent over to a place where they all could sit. Resting at a table a few seconds later, she heard Stephen ask, "So, are you both a little more comfortable stepping into this place then you were a couple of weeks ago?"
Laughing, Brent replied, "Yeah! A lot! No major fear of 'what the hell are we getting ourselves into' this time around!" Pausing, thinking about what he just said, he added, "Well, not as strong as last time anyway!"
Laughing as well, Stephen said, "Good!" Looking directly at Joan again, he then asked, "How about you?"
Sitting there, it was hitting her hard that she was actually in a swingers club again. Despite everything that had happened the last time she was here, despite the growing desire she had had recently in wanting to come back, she still could barely believe she was in a place like this. With this thought heavy on her mind, when she heard Stephen's question, she bashfully replied, "Yeah!" After a brief pause however, she added, "But I'm still pretty nervous though!"
Concerned but also wanting to play with her, Stephen asked, "Are you feeling good nervousness, or bad nervousness?"
Just then, saving her from answering, Joan caught Stacey walking up behind Brent, smiling softly when she watched her place her hands over Brent's eyes, hearing her announce into his ear, "Guess who?" However, when she saw Stacey lean down so she could kiss Brent's ear, seeing him wince with pleasure in response, she immediately felt a strong twinge of jealously. Just as quickly as she felt this though, she also found herself focusing intently on the look now present on Brent's face, seeing how attractive he appeared as he tried meekly not to show how much he was enjoying the sensation of Stacey's lips on his ear. After observing Stacey's tongue briefly flicking across her husband's ear before sitting down to join everyone at the table, it was then that Joan realized she was not only feeling jealousy, she was also feeling an unexpected twinge of arousal watching her husband being pleased by someone else for the first time in her life. Very much taken aback by this, as Stacey settled, Joan knew she and Brent "fooled around" but he had never provided her with any graphic detail. Up until tonight, she had been thankful for that. But know, she found herself feeling highly intrigued wanting to know exactly what they did do together. Curiously, she also began to wonder if the look she had just seen on Brent's face was the look he loved to see on her own.
Working to put these thoughts in the back of her mind though and also attempting to make up for any possible displeased look that may have shown on her face when Stacey was being playful with Brent, Joan said to her, "You're looking very sexy tonight!"
Wearing a transparent black body suit, the outline of Stacey's large areola could be seen easily beneath it. Enjoying Joan's compliment, Stacey replied, "Thank you, sweetie! You're looking mighty tasty yourself! I'm sure our boys would agree to that!"
Feeling embarrassed, Joan could only respond by saying, "Thanks!"
For the next thirty minutes, perhaps because no one wanted to appear overly eager or, even worse, look desperate in getting things started, the two couples chatted loosely about their lives in general. However, as everyone worked on his or her second drink, Stephen's conversation began to become more exclusive with Joan, as did Brent's with Stacey.
Between the four of them, it was Stacey who finally raised the heat when she leaned into Brent's side and whispered teasingly, "Do you want to know where I was when you and your wife got here a little while ago?"
Grinning, flashing his eyes over to Joan to make sure her attention was fully on Stephen, liking that it was, he replied, "Of course I do!!"
"A good friend of mine asked me if I would help her give her husband a special birthday present!"
Hearing this, Brent instantly felt his penis stir in his pants. Captivated, he asked, "And what exactly was that?"
Smiling, very much enjoying how intently Brent was listening to her, knowing he was becoming aroused, she said, "We gave him a blowjob together!"
Sighing, Brent looked down at the floor briefly as he shook his head. Then, looking at Stacey directly in her eyes, he asked curiously, "And who was the lucky one who had the honor of finishing him off? You or your friend?"
Grinning, now enjoying even more the affect she was having on him, Stacey didn't blink an eye when she answered, "She did... in a way!"
Squinting his eyes wondering what she meant, Brent immediately asked intrigued, "What do you mean, 'in a way'?"
Savoring the impact she knew was coming with what she was about to say, she leaned closer to Brent and said softly, "She jerked him off with her hand and made him cum all over my face!"
Groaning as he absorbed her words, Brent's eyes darted over to Stephen and Joan to see if they had heard him doing so. Relieved they had not, feeling his body shaking, he then asked hungrily, "Did you enjoy that?"
"Yeah! But I enjoyed it even more when she licked all of his cum off my face!"
Leaning back firmly against his chair, Brent could barely believe what she had just said. Suddenly feeling a lot of tension, he stretched by placing his upper arms on the sides of his chair and arched his back. Then, leaning closer to Stacey again, he tried to keep his voice from shaking as he said, "Don't take this the wrong way but you can be so fucking kinky and that is such an amazing turn on for me!"
Listening, Stacey was deeply flattered by this. Wanting to drive him over the edge because of it, she then said to him, "Well, maybe this will turn you on even more! Stephen knows what I did a little while ago and I told him I hope I get to do something like that again tonight. However, the next time, I told him I hope I get the chance to lick his cum off your wife's hot little body!"
Absorbing this, Brent felt dizzy. Trembling as he visualized Stacey doing just that, he drew in a several deep breaths to help calm himself down. Succeeding as much as he knew he would be able to at the moment, he then said to Stacey, "That would be..." Pausing, looking for the right word, he finally said simply, "Beautiful!!"
"You really do look gorgeous tonight, Joan! Stunning, actually!! You have no idea how hard is for me to keep myself from throwing you on this table so I can take you right here and now!!"
Sighing heavily, already revved up simply being in Stephen's presence, Joan felt another intense chill; the tremor she felt brought forth just as much, if not more so, by the desire she could hear in his voice as he spoke to her. Biting down on her bottom lip, she found she couldn't say anything in response.
Seeing how readily Joan was being aroused simply listening to him, Stephen continued playing with her, trying to add fuel to her fire when he said, "Tell me, is there anaughty girlside of you that wishes I would do that? Is there a part of you that wants everyone in here to watch me lick your pussy? Let them see you spreading your legs right in front of me on this table as I pleased you with my mouth?"
Feeling her heart pounding in her chest, feeling goose bumps rising on her skin, Joan looked pleadingly in Stephen's eyes, silently asking him to stop. Seeing him grinning mischievously though, she knew instinctively that he was fully aware of the effect he was having on her, making her say softly, "Stop! Please! You're being bad again!"
Aware that he might push her too hard, aware that there was a fine line between seducing her into doing something even more intense then what they had done together the last time they were here in the club and her stopping everything dead in its tracks, Stephen decided to slow down the aggressiveness of his seduction. However, not stopping completely, he said, "Okay! But can I ask you something?"
Still feeling herself shaking, hoping that Brent or Stacey couldn't see that she was doing so, she whispered guardedly, "Maybe!"
"Did you think about what I said to you when we spoke on the phone?"
Knowing exactly what he was referring to but being coy, Joan replied, "Which part?"
Smiling, enjoying the game they were playing, Stephen answered, "The part when I said we should see if we can 'expand your horizons'!"
Biting her bottom lip again, debating if she should be truthful with him, she eventually forced herself to say, "Yes!"
Feeling a surge of adrenaline, never one hundred percent sure she would have allowed herself to explore or even answer this question, Stephen swallowed anxiously before asking, "Well, what are some things, some possibilities you've thought about? What could we do to expand your horizons? Expand yoursexualhorizons if you don't mind me getting right to the point?"
Starting to feel as nervous as she was aroused, contemplating if she should even come close to venturing into what would be completely unknown and perhaps even dangerous territory, she answered honestly, "I don't know!"
A part of Stephen hoped Joan would have had an answer so he could start setting the stage for something to happen sooner rather then later. Then again, another part of him was hoping all along that she wouldn't know what she would want to do because the unknown did nothing but add to the excitement. Smiling, thrilled that an opening had finally fallen upon him, he asked, "Well, would you like to go upstairs with me and see if we can find any possibilities?"
Hearing this, Joan felt like she was going to jump out of her skin. Biting down on her bottom lip again, she was felt paralyzed as she began thinking to herself,Should I really do this? Do I really want to do this? Can I do this?Soon though, she looked at Stephen and asked, "If I go, do you promise to be nice?"
Knowing she was looking for reassurance, Stephen immediately replied, "There's no way I would force you into doing something that you wouldn't want to do yourself!"
As she threw Stephen a sly smile, Joan said, "Hmm! I remember that's what you told me the last time I was here! The next thing I know we were having sex!"
Grinning, knowing he never forced her but was guilty of pushing her as far as he could, Stephen replied confidently, "You know what I mean!"
She did. And she no longer had any regrets, either. After a few moments of thought, still contemplating what she should do, she finally said, "Okay! I'll go! But I'm not going to promise you anything!"
Savoring the rush he was feeling, Stephen said simply, "Fair enough!"
Seeing Brent and Stacey conversing in what looked to be an intimate conversation, Stephen caught their attention when a pause fell between them, "Hey you two! Would either of you have any objections if Joan and I left you two behind while we head off to go exploring for awhile?"
"That's fine with me sweetie!" Stacey announced. However, after pausing, she added playfully, "But what are you going off to explore? Our sweet, innocent Joan here...or the club?"
Giving his wife a 'you smart ass' look, Stephen replied, "The club, sweetheart!" Looking at Brent, he then asked, "How about you Brent? Would you mind if I sneak away with your wife for a while so I can show her some parts of the club she didn't get to see the last time you guys were here?"
Feeling a rush, Brent couldn't hold back the grin on his face. Consumed with the thought of Joan "playing" with another man again for almost two months and now relishing the fact that there was a very strong likelihood that she might actually be doing so again tonight, as he looked at her, he said proudly, "I have no objections! As long as she's up for it!"
Feeling a tingle hearing this coming from her husband, Joan could only smile back at him shyly.
By the look on her face, Brent knew easily that Joan wanted to go and he was thrilled that she did so. Standing, he reached for her hand and helped her stand as well. Savoring the sweet scent of her perfume as he moved closer to her, he kissed her lips before placing his mouth next to her ear to whisper, "Let yourself go, baby! Push your limits! Do anything you want to do!"
As she absorbed this, Joan eyes widened, barely comprehending what her husband had just said to her. She knew Brent wanted to see her with Stephen again but she wasn't expecting him to say something like that. As she wondered what exactly he meant by these words, she winced pleasingly when she felt him kiss her neck. Still enjoying the sensation even though it was very brief, she started thinking how fast and dramatic their lives were changing together; thinking even further how exciting it was. Still though, she couldn't stop fully questioning what her husband was truly implying by his words. As she said goodbye to him, her response was full more of question then acknowledgement, "Okay?"
Feeling anxious yet marveling at the possibilities yet to come, Brent watched silently as Joan allowed Stephen to guide her up the spiral staircase leading to the second floor. When Joan was no longer visible, he sat back down, smiling at Stacey like a boy who's been caught with his hand in a cookie jar.
Giggling from the look on Brent's face, Stacey said, "Do you want to go to the monitor room so we can spy on them?"
"Absolutely!"
"Okay! But can you do me a favor first?"
Raising his eyebrows, quizzical, Brent replied, "Sure! Anything!"
"Hmm...Good! The owner of this place has a private office down here. He has a beautiful oak desk in there and I'm having this incredibly naughty urge to take you there so you can fuck me on it!"
Feeling like his jaw was going to hit the floor absorbing Stacey's boldness, Brent stuttered. Taking in a deep breath in an attempt to settle himself down, he was finally able to answer, "Show me the way!"
Holding onto Joan's hand as he walked with her down a softly lighted hallway, Stephen felt like he was going to burst due to his level of excitement from finally being alone with her again. As he continued walking with her through the bending hallway, he looked out of the corner of his eye to see if any of the rooms they were passing was empty. Soon coming across one that was, he swiftly turned and pulled on Joan's hand, firmly bringing her into the room with him. With his hormones raging, he then forcibly pressed her hard against a wall next to the doorway; a second later, smashing his body against her's as he kissed her as passionately as he could.
Gasping, taken aback by Stephen's sudden and unexpected aggression, Joan readily opened her lips to allow Stephen's tongue to slide deep into her mouth. Thoroughly enjoying their kiss, she quickly became attuned to how heavily they both were breathing, how strongly they were shaking as they embraced, inspiring her to hold his body tightly as she kissed him back just as hungrily as he was her. A few moments later though, she gasped even louder when Stephen took hold of her chin with his left hand, turning her head so he could dance his tongue across her ear and neck, the sensation making her weak. Her lust intensifying when she heard him say to her, "God, Joan! You have no idea how incredibly bad I want you right now!"
Barely registering what happened next, Joan suddenly found herself facing the wall. Placing her hands on it to brace herself, she turned her head slightly to see what Stephen was doing, catching just in time the sight of him kneeling behind her, sighing heavily when she felt his hands sliding blissfully up the backs of her thighs. A few seconds later, gasping yet again when she felt his hands sliding beneath her blouse, directly over her buttocks; drawing in a deep breath when he then pushed her blouse up her body until it rested above her hips, his bold act exposing her panties. Another couple of seconds later, grunting when he proceeded to boldly slide her panties down the length of her legs without ever asking for her permission to do so; never giving her the opportunity to step away from them when he placed his hands back on her bare bottom, making her cry out lustfully when he aggressively spread her cheeks apart just before pressing his face into her backside; making her feel like she was going to faint when she felt the incredible sensation of his tongue slithering directly against her anus before he slowly moved his way down so he could please her even more by sliding his tongue between the lips of her vagina; hitting home a short time later when he began to flick the tip of his tongue directly against her clitoris.
Loving the way Joan arched her back as he worked on her, knowing she was doing this so she could press her body more firmly against his face, he couldn't help but think how much she looked like a sexual goddess as he continued to please her with his mouth; relishing the incredible sweetness of her juices as he did so. In time however, even though he was reluctant to stop because of the exquisite sounds Joan was making when he started rubbing his fingers against her clitoris, he eventually stood, holding his hands on Joan's hips as he pressed his groin against her, purposely doing so so she could feel how hard he was even though his erection was still hidden beneath his pants. A few seconds later, saying to her, "I want to fuck you so bad right now, Joan! I want to make you cum! I want to feel you explode!"
Gasping when she heard this, Joan turned slightly to look at him, saying, "Then do it!" Boiling with lust, she then turned back around to face the wall again and started to purposefully grind her ass directly against his groin, feeling nothing but desire for him to do exactly what he said he wanted to do. As she did this however, it suddenly dawned on her that the door providing access to the room they were in was still open. Normally, she was someone who very much wanted complete privacy when she was doing something so intimate. At that moment though, her appetite for sex was so intense, she didn't care if somebody might discover the two of them. In fact, she was discovering for the first time that a part of her was really hoping they would.
As goose bumps rose on Joan's skin thinking about this, Stephen began to run his hands up the sides of her chest and across her back as he continued to press his groin teasingly against her. Looking at her as he did so, he could see easily how much she wanted him to take her. Fighting an incredibly vicious urge to do just that, barely, he eventually forced himself to take a step back. Grabbing her blouse, he slid it back down to cover her flawless, heart shaped ass, saying to her as he did so, "No! Not yet! I want to explore the club with you for a while. Even more, I really want to see if we can find a way for you to expand your horizons. I want to see you do something you've never done before."
So aroused she could literally feel her nipples ache, Joan said, "You're cruel!"
Laughing, knowing she didn't mean this in the truest sense, Stephen replied, "I know! But I have a very strong feeling you won't feel that way for very long." Pausing, he then added, "No matter what happens, I do promise that you're going to feel a lot of pleasure in one way or another before this night is through."
Smiling both shyly and nervously hearing what Stephen said, once again Joan found herself deeply curious wondering what might lie ahead for her this night. Breathing deeply to calm herself, still feeling the after effects of their brief but heated encounter, she suddenly became more aware of the fact that her panties were still lying stretched between her ankles. As she began to reach down to pull them back up her legs however, she heard Stephen say to her, "No...No...I'm going to keep those for a while. You can have them back when you go home." Being someone who never left the house without wearing any underwear, Joan felt devilish when she found herself helping Stephen remove them by raising her legs, doing so one at a time as he pulled her panties away from her feet.
Holding the material to his nose, not caring that it might look lewd or perverted, Stephen said, "Hmm! You know, your scent alone could drive a man crazy!" Smiling as he stood, he then asked, "Are you ready to go?"
Still feeling shaky, Joan replied simply, "Yes!" Then, after pulling her blouse down as far as she could over her thighs, she took hold of Stephen's hand again, following him out of the room. A short time later, enjoying an unexpected thrill when she started to feel the hallway's cool air flowing against her soaking wet pussy.
Thirty minutes later, Joan's hormones were stirring heavily again; very much savoring the way Stephen was teasing the skin of her neck with his fingers as they both looked through a glass wall into an area of the club known as the "orgy room". To the right where she was standing, her eyes were locked on the sight of a man sitting up on his knees having sex with a woman who was lying comfortably on her back, the woman's knees bent sharply so she could spread her thighs as wide as she could, giving the man easy access to her as he thrust his manhood deep inside her. Well aware of the itch now present in her vagina as she watched the couple having sex, Joan's eyes drifted between the pleasure on the woman's face and the man's penis rhythmically sliding in and out of the woman's pink hole.
In time, Joan's attention switched to something that caught her eye to the left. Sighing, even though she had seen something similar a few weeks earlier, she watched entranced as a woman took turns pleasing two men's erections with her mouth, switching back and forth from one penis to the other; the same woman's thighs pressed up toward her torso as another man busily pleased her orally down below. Soon, feeling her heart beating faster with anticipation when the man who had been pleasing the woman's pussy with his mouth sat up so he could rip open a wrapper holding a condom; her pulse climbing not only due to the visual of what was coming but also from the knowing awareness that the women's level of pleasure was about to increase that much more. Smiling when this was confirmed by the way the woman's mouth fell open, her pleasing cry coming the instant she felt her body being penetrated by the man who was now pressing his full weight down on top of her.
Standing behind Joan, Stephen could feel the effect these and the other twenty plus people in the room, all hedonistically having sex, was having on her as she watched. Aware of the group of men standing around them as well, aware how the majority of them looked at Joan almost as much as they did into the room, he eventually said to her, "Isn't that an incredibly erotic sight? All those people enjoying each other's bodies!"
Feeling a pleasing chill as Stephen slid his hands down the sides of her body as he said this, Joan replied, "Yes!"
Keen to the way she was trembling, loving how turned on she was, Stephen followed, "Seeing something like this had the same affect on you the last time you were here. Tell me...honesty...is there a part of you that wishes you were one of those woman in there right now?"
Still focused on the woman who was having sex with three men, seeing how she was now fully concentrating on the man inside her, obviously enjoying the way he was vigorously pounding his manhood into her sex, Joan was finding it hard to answer Stephen's question. She knew a part of her was presently feeling deep envy for the woman she was watching, but at the same time, she also couldn't fathom she was actually desiring something that was so utterly taboo, so brazening forbidden. However, as clarity slowly flowed through her, she knew she had had such dark desires for some time now, desires that had built exponentially over the past couple of weeks. But, once again, because of her upbringing, for the first time this evening she found herself working to repress them. And because of this, even though a big part of her didn't want to, she found herself stepping away from the glass, saying, "Let's go somewhere else!"
From his conversations with Brent, Stephen hoped he wouldn't see Joan's inner conflicts arise this night but he half-expected it would happen at some point.Okay! Take it slow! Give her some time!he thought to himself. In response, looking at her, he said simply, "Okay!" Reaching down, he then took hold of her hand and proceeded to walk with her down the hallway. As they continued, Stephen knew that Joan was on the threshold of something very significant, on the threshold of something that would be a major change in her life. But, with that said, he also knew she could be right on the edge of asking him to go back downstairs so she could leave the club. Knowing this, he knew he was going to have to push her again but would have to do so very cautiously. Knowing now was definitely not the time to say anything on the risqu side, he asked simply, "Are you okay?"
"Yeah!"
"Good!" Stopping, thinking a moment, he then said, "Is there anything else you think you would be comfortable seeing or doing right now? Or, do you want to take a break?"
Liking that Stephen was slowing things down for her and now starting to wish he didn't have to, Joan smiled and said, "No! I'm okay!" After pausing, she then added, "What do you recommend?" As she spoke, Joan could feel lustful intrigue beginning to grow inside her again. She liked the feeling.
Grinning, Stephen could see the curious twinkle Joan had had earlier returning to her eye. Surprised it was returning so fast but thrilled that it was, he said, "Well, there were two other, I don't know, themes or areas that we didn't see the last time you were here. Would you like to see those?"
Beginning to feel more stimulated thinking about the unknown again, Joan replied, albeit shyly, "What would those be?"
"Well, one is an S&M room! The other is an area for woman who only want to be with other woman!"
Quickly responding, Joan said, "I could skip the S&M room! I don't think I could ever be turned on by that kind of stuff!"
"No problem! It's never done much for me, either!" Following up on his earlier question though, he asked, "How about the other area, the ladies area, would you like to check that out? I know I would!!"
Grinning, Joan said, "Oh! So you're one of those guys that gets turned on by seeing two women together, huh?"
"Absolutely!" Stephen answered with a laugh before adding, "Every guy, every normal guy anyway, loves to see two women going at it! It's a major turn on! Doesn't Brent enjoy watching that kind of stuff?"
Giggling, Joan answered, "Yeah! It turns him on!"
Feeling a mild rush from the opening, Stephen then asked, "How about you? Have you ever been curious to do something like that? Have sex with another woman?"
Thinking about it, Joan felt a tickle in her belly. Being honest with him, she answered, "I've been curious! But, I don't know, I don't think I could actually do it." Pausing briefly, wondering if she really could, she then added, "I think a woman's body is beautiful, I just don't know I could do something like that!" Curious, she then asked, "Has Stacey ever been with another woman?"
Smiling, Stephen immediately replied, "Oh, yeah!! Several times!!"
"Did she like it?" As soon as she asked, she felt like it was a dumb question.
"Not did! Does! And she loves it! In fact, she's told me on more then one occasion that nobody can eat her pussy better then another woman can!"
Finding herself becoming even more curious, Joan then asked, "Have you ever watched her?"
"Oh God, yes!! Several times! Drives me absolutely crazy every single time I do, too!" As visions of Stacey and some of her female conquests flashed through his mind, he felt an even stronger rush when he added, "By the way, she told me that she would love to get a shot at you herself! She's mentioned that on more then one occasion!!"
Not expecting this, Joan felt embarrassed. Not knowing what to say, she finally replied, "I'm flattered! I think so anyway."
After an awkward silence fell between them, deciding it would be best not to press the idea on her, Stephen eventually asked, "So what do you say, do you want to check it out?"
Thinking, a part of her was very tempted to head over to the place Stephen was referring too. However, a larger part of her was more interested in something else. Inspired by this, she answered, "Maybe we can do that some other time?" Not believing what she was about to say, she then said further, "Right now, I'm more turned on by the idea of seeing men and women doing it with each other! Take me someplace where I can see that again!"
Feeling an adrenaline surge, Stephen felt his body getting warmer then it already was. Smiling, loving that an animated look had returned to Joan's face, he decided right then and there that he was going to take her to a place he wanted to go to since the night began. Excited, he said, "You know what, I know the perfect place!!" Purposely leaving what that place was a mystery though, he took hold of Joan's hand again and proceeded to guide her down another hallway with him. For both, feeling their libido grow with each forward step.
A couple of minutes later, Joan found herself wondering just exactly where Stephen was taking her when they came across a very large, intimating man at the entrance of another hallway. As Joan stared up at the man who was nearly two feet taller and two hundred pounds heavier then she was, thinking he looked like a member of a motorcycle gang, she felt some welcomed ease when she saw the gentleman smile, saying to Stephen, "Hey, buddy! Haven't seen you in a while!"
Tapping the man on an upper arm that looked more like a tree trunk, Stephen said, "Hey Big E! Yeah! Haven't been up here in a couple of weeks! How are the kids?"
Smiling brightly, Big E responded, "Eating everything in the house except the kitchen sink! Giving me gray hair!" Moving his eyes from Stephen to Joan, letting his eyes drift up and down her body without any craftiness in doing so, he then added with a half laugh, "Does Stacey know you're up here?"
Grinning, knowing full well that his friend already knew the answer, he replied simply and with a tone of pride, "Yep!!"
Still looking at Joan, obviously ogling her, Big E said to Stephen with envy, "Lucky bastard!" A few seconds later, he then said further, "Does the boss know you're here?"
"No! But do you think he would have any objections?" As he said this, it was obvious the subject of his comment was Joan.
"Nope!" After saying this, he conversed with Stephen for another minute or two until he stepped aside, saying, "Have fun you two!"
"We will!" Still holding Joan's hand, Stephen started to walk down the hallway. Turning a corner, knowing he was out of earshot of anyone, he said to her, "Big E's real name is Ernie! However, I've never heard of anyone who's had the courage of calling him by his real name. Don't know why, besides the fact he looks like a guy who could break you in half, he's actually a hell of a nice guy!"
"Why is he sitting there?" Joan asked, curiously.
Stopping, turning to look Joan directly in the eye, Stephen said, "Listen, the place I'm taking you is very, very exclusive. The only people that know it exists are the owner of the club and some very select clientele, maybe only fifty or sixty people at the most. Because this club is in Vegas, a lot of tourists come here so that's why this place is so private. Plus, even more, the privacy of this place is important because some of the people who come here are prominent members of the community. So, you have to promise me that what or whomever you see, you can't tell anyone...ever!"
Listening closely, Joan was both captivated and flattered that Stephen was taking her to such a place. Before she could say anything though, Stephen added, "But there's one other important thing you should know before we go any further! The rules here are a little more relaxed, meaning, people here tend to be a lot more aggressive and bold. However, with that said, they'll also know this is your first time here because they would either recognize you, or, they would have heard about you because of how beautiful you are. There's some very attractive women who are regulars, but trust me, they'd remember you." Pausing, feeling concern that Joan might actually decide not to go, he soon finished by saying, "I just want you to know this before we go any further!"
Now feeling even more enamored and curious then she was just a few seconds earlier, Joan knew she wasn't going to say no. However, despite this, she also began to feel a strong sense of caution and nervousness again, her conscious making her question if she really should go any further. But, because these thoughts and emotions only added fuel to her fire, making her feel almost intoxicated, it wasn't long until she replied, "I promise I won't say anything!" Anxious, she then added hungrily, "You've got me dying of curiosity now so please go ahead and take me there!"
Thrilled, Stephen grinned and said simply, "Okay!" Purposely trying to tease her, after a brief moment, he added as they started walking toward their destination, "You know...I have a strong feeling this place we're heading to right now is the place you're going to get that chance to do something you have never done before! And I think there's a very strong chance this is going to be a night you're never going to forget!"
Hearing this, Joan felt another surge of adrenaline, which made her more aware how much her body was aching for attention. She knew as she continued walking with Stephen that she wanted to play, and the knowledge of this was giving her the motivation to become the bad girl she was raised never to be.
As Joan passed though long strands of beads that worked as an artful doorway, it took a moment for her eyes to adjust to the dim light enveloping the room she had stepped into. When her vision became clearer however, she immediately focused on a petite young blond woman who was in the middle of the room. What caught her attention most distinctly though was not the fact that the woman was completely naked, it was the woman's confidence on display as she sucked on a highly attractive black man's penis, squatting on her feet seductively before him as she pleased him. Causing her eyes to widen even more however, Joan quickly realized that the man's penis must have been at least eleven or twelve inches long; so big that, when the woman placed the man's tool in her mouth, she looked like she could only get the first four inches or so of his manhood past her lips. Squeezing onto Stephen's hand tightly, enthralled with the erotic scene taking place no more then ten feet right in front of her, it would only dawn on her a minute or two later that at least ten other couples were enjoying the pleasure of sex in the room as well.
Gently bringing her out of a hushed trance, Stephen guided her up a couple of steps to a black leather couch that was at least twelve feet in length. After sitting with him, she looked to her left so she could take in all the carnal activity that was taking place on that side of the room; her ears simultaneously absorbing the mixture of provocative music filling the air and the occasional grunt or moan brought forth by someone's lovemaking. Gradually working her line of sight to the right, she quickly found herself staring directly across the room, her full attention falling on two couples positioned on a couch that was an exact match of the one she and Stephen were sitting on now.
Reflexively biting down on her bottom lip, she watched intently as two women kissed each other, the women's tongues occasionally peaking outside their mouths so they could playfully flick them across the lips or tongue of the other. Enhancing the visual though, as the women kissed, both were resting on their hands and knees, their faces showing the pleasure they were enjoying as the men resting on their knees behind them fucked them slowly but deeply.
As the two couples continued to play with each other, after a couple of minutes, Joan's arousal grew even more when she watched one of the woman pull away from the man behind her. Very quickly, feeling a pleasing chill when she observed the same woman turning and placing herself on her back before reaching up with her hands so she could pull the other woman down on top of her, smiling as she realized the two women were placing themselves in the classic "sixty-nine" position. A few moments later, sighing yet again, watching mesmerized as the woman now lying on her back raised her head slightly so she could slither her tongue over the other woman's clitoris; the same woman eventually making Joan swallow anxiously when she heard her instructing the two men now sitting back and watching to start fucking the woman above her's mouth and pussy; the two men soon taking back control of the situation when they started to fuck the woman lying on her back just the same.
As this hedonistic act across the room continued, movement to Joan's left caught her attention. Squeezing her thighs together in response, Joan saw the young petite blond was now being held upside down, her bare feet high in the air as the black man holding her hungrily buried his mouth directly into her vagina; his task keeping her in this position looking effortless. And as he continued working on her, Joan could easily hear the petite blond both grunting from the stimulus she was receiving and laughing to do the position the black man had placed her in; occasionally hearing the woman gasping even louder whenever the man's tongue looked like it was locking in on the woman's clitoris. Soon, seeing the woman attempting to return the favor when she reached for the man's mammoth penis, her hand just barely able to wrap around his ebony shaft before she brought his tool back into her mouth once again.
Entranced, losing any sense of time, Joan became lost as she continued watching the two erotic scenes taking place before her, feeling her heart race and her face flushing the entire time. Unexpectedly, she found herself gasping out loud though when she felt her right nipple suddenly being pinched. Rocked by the chill the stimulation created, Joan looked at Stephen, feeling butterflies in her stomach and a burning in her sex when she saw the way he was staring at her. A second later, sighing loudly when she heard him say to her, "Very shortly, you and I are going to be doing exactly what everyone else in here is doing!"
Breathless from his words, Joan felt her nipples harden as another adrenaline surge coursed through her veins. Highly charged, a part of her anxiously wanted Stephen to do just that, wanting nothing but to feel his manhood once again sliding deep inside her body. Even as she felt this hunger though, another part of her was feeling a strong sense of nervous caution again. Looking at him, she couldn't tell if he was informing her that he was going to take her here and now, or someplace else. Thinking, having him fuck her someplace privately, despite what she had felt earlier, comforted her. Doing anything here, the thought made her even more nervous then she already was.
A few minutes later, that nervousness started turning more into fear.
Still sitting, feeling like her body was paralyzed watching what Stephen was beginning to do, she could only look down as he worked to untie the one knot that prevented her shirt from falling open completely; realizing clearly that if it did it would expose her to everyone in the room. Finally able to snap herself out of this trance though, she eventually brought her hands up to his in an effort to stop him. However, when she heard him say firmly, "Don't! Please don't stop me! I want to see you! I want everyone in here to see you!" she suddenly found herself not able to move again, not able to resist him.
As Stephen resumed his effort to untie the knot of Joan's shirt, he could see the mixture of arousal and anxiety on her face. Stimulated by this, he knew if he pushed the right buttons, there would be an excellent chance that she might allow herself to expand her sexual boundaries just like he was craving her to do. Excited by this and knowing he was about to release the knot, he then said, "Look around you sweetie! Every man in this room has been looking at you! They want to see you! They want to see your beautiful body! They want to see you without anything on just like every other woman in here!" Seeing Joan eyes flash around the room, he smiled when he knew she was fully absorbing for the first time something that had been present all along, saying to her to confirm her discovery, "That's right! Every woman in her is wearing nothing at all! They're all completely naked! Every one of them except you!"
Sighing, Joan was shocked that she hadn't fully noticed this fact until now. Catching a least half of the men in the room looking at her as well, Joan felt another chill knowing what they were wanting; she could see it in their eyes. Fully absorbing this, she could hear her conscious screaming at her to run away. But, simultaneously, she found herself surrendering to the fact that she wouldn't be able too. And as she thought about it even harder, she was discovering that more and more of her didn't want too. Contemplating where this desire was coming from, titillated immensely by the thought that complete strangers were hungry to see her, desiring to seeallof her, she bit down hard on her lower lip again as she savored another adrenaline rush, loving the attention being cast upon on her.
When Stephen saw Joan nibbling on her lip, he felt a chill himself. Inspired, within seconds he finally freed the knot. Savoring the moment, he flipped the portion of her shirt furthest away from him to her side then pulled the material closest to him away from her chest, his act fully exposing Joan's perfect breasts to everyone in the room.
Feeling exposed, feeling the room's cool air flowing against her erect nipples, Joan instantly felt a level of excitement she had never experienced before. When she saw some of the men in the room staring directly at her, seeing them smile, she could almost feel the desire they had for her, the awareness of which made her shiver. This awareness fell to the back of her mind though when she saw Stephen's head flash in front of her, cooing when she felt the warmth of his lips enveloping one of her nipples a second before he drew her flesh hungrily into his mouth; sighing a few moments later when she began to experience the highly pleasing sensation of his tongue vibrating against her sensitive tissue; grunting when he occasionally bit down ever so gently on her nipple with his teeth.
Fascinated with the sounds Joan was making as he pleased her, Stephen continued to play with her nipples for several minutes, working slowly back and forth, alternating from one breast to the other. When he felt her fingers beginning to run through his hair however, knowing she was doing this to encourage him to continue, it wasn't long until he decided to torment her even further. Excited knowing what he was about to do, he hoped to increase the heat of the moment by saying to her, "You know what? I'm going to pull off your skirt now! And then I'm going to eat your sweet little pussy right here in front of everybody!" Adjusting himself so he could do exactly what he said he was going to do, he then said further, "And when I do, I want you to look at every person in here. I want you to see the look on their faces as they take in the sight of you being pleased!"
Visibly trembling from his words, Joan could say nothing in reply. The only thing she could do was force herself to breathe even deeper as the intense mixture of arousal and fear she was feeling hit her with more severity; feeling herself shaking even harder when she watched Stephen place his hands on her hips before feeling his fingers curling into the waistband of her skirt. A second later, reflexively wanting to stop him but finding she wasn't able too when he started to slowly pull her skirt down over her hips; barely believing she was subtlety raising her hips into the air to help him slide her last article of clothing down over her thighs, very much enjoying the feel of his fingertips gliding down the length of her legs until he finally pulled the skirt away from her feet, seeing him smile when he then pulled off her sandals and tossed them to the side.
Salivating as he soaked in the sight of Joan's beauty, he knew the visual of her sitting completely naked so vulnerably before a man who was still fully clothed was probably driving his friends crazy. With the thought of this fueling his fire, within seconds he started to slide his hands slowly up and down Joan's legs, soon using only his fingertips to purposefully tease her skin. Because of the intensity of his arousal though, it wasn't long until he placed his hands firmly on Joan's knees. Looking directly into her eyes, loving the combined mask of lust and hesitation on her face, he then started to push her knees apart, pressing them up and to the sides of her hips until, in a flash, he reached up and placed his hands around her waist so he could pull her even closer to him, stopping only when her buttocks were resting at the edge of the couch. Then, trembling almost as much as she was, he stared directly into her eyes again as he slowly moved his mouth closer to her sex, savoring the intensity of the moment as he pressed his tongue directly between her glistening labia, immediately relishing once again the mind-blowing sweetness of her juices.
After drawing in a deep, shaky breath, Joan grunted in a way that made every man and almost every woman in the room sigh in appreciation of her lust-filled cry. Reflexively arching her back, she immediately began to moan, relishing the stimulation Stephen was now inflicting on her, savoring the powerful waves of pleasure flowing directly from her clitoris right into the core of her body. Within seconds, due to the intensity of the stimulus, she found she needed to grip the leather couch with her hands to prevent herself from pulling away from Stephen's masterful tongue; barely registering how firmly he was holding her down to keep her from doing so even if she had tried.
Thrilled, Stephen continued to brush his tongue against Joan's swollen cherry, moving it in variable speed and direction to provide her with as much pleasure as he could; occasionally grunting himself from time to time due to the incredible taste of her juices and the blissful sounds of pleasure Joan was making as he continued working on her. Captivated how heavily her nectar flowed out of her sex as well, it didn't take long for him to increase the severity of his stimulus, doing so when he placed two of his fingers into his mouth before inserting them aggressively into her pink hole.
Feeling Stephen's fingers penetrating her, Joan reflexively cried out again, immediately closing her eyes as she began to slowly rock her pelvis back and forth to heighten the sensation of his fingers now gratifying her from the inside. After a few moments though, she suddenly remembered something he had requested of her a minute earlier. Opening her eyes, still very much relishing the stimulus her was giving her, her vision flashed around the room so she could look at all of the people around them, her eyes widening when she discovered a man who looked to be in his mid-forties was now sitting only a couple of feet away from her, the sight of him masturbating while he stared directly at her making her gasp.
Swallowing, feeling alarmed but also captivated that the man was sitting so close to her, she couldn't stop herself from looking directly at the man's hand slowly stroking his erection, her mouth falling open slightly when she fully absorbed that the gentleman possessed the thickest penis she had ever seen. When her eyes moved up the man's nicely toned body however, she suddenly found her vision locked with his own. Seeing him smile at her, his grin acknowledging their mutual presence, Joan could feel herself becoming overwhelmed with a level of titillation she had never experienced before, the sensation heightened that much more by the skilled stimulation Stephen was still providing her below. With her pulse racing even faster, she continued to stare at the stranger to her side, in a short period of time catching the way he increased the speed of his masturbation as his eyes broke away from her's so he could focus more on her body; the sight of his eyes eventually locking on Stephen's fingers sliding in and out of her sex making her unconsciously rock her pelvis back and forth with increasing vigor.
Within a minute or two though, sensing the level of lust she was feeling inside was about to boil over, Joan began to breathe even faster as she concentrated more readily on Stephen's curling finger now working on her G-spot and his tongue's work on her clitoris; the stimulation heightened that much more knowing instinctively that the stranger to her side was not only getting pleasure seeing her nakedness, but, even more so, was getting pleasure watching her having sex. Absorbing all of this, in wasn't long until she found herself needing to take in an extremely deep breath.
Crying out loudly a second later, welcoming the blissful sensation starting to surge through her entire body, she arched her back sharply before slamming it back down on the couch. Just as quickly, raising her feet into the air as she curled her toes, placing her hands on the back of Stephen's head so she could pull his face hard against her pussy in hopes of increasing the intensity of the orgasm that was now hitting her with full force; stars clouding her vision when it reached its peak.
Savoring Joan's nirvanic release, Stephen smiled as he watched her body spasm against the leather couch, his ears relishing her cries of ecstasy echoing through the room as he continued to flick his tongue against her swollen clitoris. Still thrusting his fingers deep inside her as well, his smile quickly turned into a wide grin when he became more attuned to how strongly her vaginal muscles were gripping his fingers; her secretions flowing so heavily out of her pink hole that her juices literally dripped off his fingers to the floor below.
Thrilled with the level of her explosion, the entire time she came, the entire time he worked to please her, Stephen felt intense joy knowing he was making Joan feel so good. Thrilled even more knowing without question that every one of his male friends in the room was right now desperately wishing he could be the one pleasing Joan this way himself; knowing too that each of them was probably praying for the chance to fuck her as well. And secretly, as her vaginal muscles continued to grip his fingers like a slippery vice, he hoped at least one of them might actually get the chance to do just that before the night was through.
In time, Stephen stopped stimulating Joan's pussy when he felt her pressing one of her hand's against his forehead, his familiarity with her letting him know that this was her way of telling him that her clitoris was becoming too sensitive for him to play with it anymore. Glancing up at her, he winced when he saw how heavily flushed she looked; pleased with himself that the drained yet postorgasmic glow now present on her face was all because of his doing.
Sitting back to take in the sight of her lying motionless on the couch, he felt a chill from the visual, loving how her perfect breasts rose up and down with her chest as she drew in steady, deep breaths to help herself recover from her climax; very much appreciating how she purposely left with her feet at the edge of the couch, leaving her knees bent and her thighs spread wide apart, her position allowing the most intimate part of her body to remain fully exposed to not only him but to every other person that was present in the room. Swallowing with excitement taking this in, admiring the exquisiteness of her beauty, it wasn't long until he felt another sharp chill realizing that, sooner or later, there was going to be a point in time this night when he would get the chance to place himself deep inside her. But, for know, he had other ambitions on his mind.
Motivated by these thoughts, after standing, Stephen sat down next to Joan on her right side. Enjoying the feel of her as he leaned close against her, he immediately began to run his hand up and down her body. As he slowly worked his way back and forth from her knee up to her neck, he felt electrified whenever his hand moved across her breast; the sensation becoming even stronger each time he brushed his fingers through her fine, neatly trimmed pubic hair. Soon though, as he continued to caress her body, he looked over to his friend who was still sitting on Joan's left, seeing that he was now touching himself more to maintain an erection then to please himself.
Hit with an idea, highly intrigued wondering exactly, if anywhere, it might lead, he said to Joan with his voice raised just enough so his friend could hear what he was saying, "You looked absolutely gorgeous when you exploded just now, sweetie! Did you enjoy it? Did I make you cum hard enough?"
Biting down on her bottom lip, Joan looked at Stephen with lazy eyes, very much enjoying the way he was touching her. Still relishing the euphoria following her orgasm, feeling relaxed after finally getting the release she had been craving for hours now, after drawing in a breath, she answered simply, "Yeah!"
Playing with her, Stephen said further, "Are you sure?"
Smiling softly, Joan replied, "Yeah! I'm sure!"
"Well, I hope you did!" Pausing for effect, he then said something he knew Joan would be completely unexpecting, "What do you think Eric? Do you think she's being honest? Do you think she came hard enough?"
Smiling, Eric almost laughed from his friend's question. Never stopping his hand's slow work on his penis, he replied, "It looked like she had a pretty good one to me! I agree with what you just said, she looked incredible! I almost lost it myself just sitting here watching her!"
Turning her head to look at Eric again, Joan was surprised that he had become a part of her and Stephen's conversation. In her postorgasmic haze, she had almost forgotten that he was still sitting only a few feet away from her. Alarmed, suddenly feeling self-conscious and exposed by the way her body was still positioned, she reflexively brought her knees together and placed her feet on the floor. Immediately though, fearful for some reason that her action might come off as being unfriendly, she looked at Eric and smiled, doing so in a way that silently told him she appreciated his compliment.
Smiling back at Joan, Eric said, "You really did look amazing! I really was close to cumming myself just watching you!"
Biting down on her lower lip again, Joan's eyes reflexively looked down at Eric's hand, once again taken aback by the incredible girth of his manhood.
Seeing what Joan was looking at, Stephen grinned. A few seconds later, saying, "He's got an impressive cock, doesn't he?"
Moaning, Joan felt butterflies, knowing full well that she had been caught staring at Eric's penis. Flustered, all she could do was stammer out, "Yeah...yeah it is!"
Chuckling, Stephen could easily see the curious wonder on Joan's face. Pushing her, not caring that he might be going to fast now, he then said, "Would you like to touch it?"
Looking at Stephen, Joan could tell he was serious. Hit by adrenaline, her body started to tingle again. Embarrassed that her nipples were becoming visibly erect from the hormone surge, she said nervously, "No! I shouldn't do that!"
Becoming more and more titillated as each second passed, Stephen continued to push her, "Are you sure? Look at it! I know you must be just a little bit curious knowing what something like that would feel like! I know Eric wouldn't mind!"
Feeling a lust-filled current beginning to run through her body again, the sensation becoming more pointed both in her nipples and her clitoris, Joan found she was not able to say or do anything. Not realizing her eyes were still locked in on Eric's erection, she felt tormented not knowing what to do. Part of her wanted to explore this stranger's manhood. But, another part of her, the part of her that was filled with the always-present remnants of her conservative upbringing was now screaming at her to do nothing at all.
Snapping her out of this conflict though, she heard Stephen say to her, "Go for it sweetie! I know there's a part of you that wants too! It would be a major turn on for me to see you do that!" After a quick pause, he then added, "And, again, I know for sure Eric wouldn't mind if you did! Just a little touch, that's all!" Pushing her even more, "Go for it!"
Feeling her body starting to shake more noticeably, Joan looked at Eric's face, silently looking to see whathewanted. Within seconds, hearing him say to her in response to what Stephen just said, "Absolutely!! She could do anything she wants to!" As he said this, he arched his back in a way that made his penis stand out more distinctly from his body.
Catching this, combined with the hunger she heard in Eric's voice when he spoke, Joan felt flattered that Eric so strongly wanted to be touched by her. Despite this though, she was also beginning to feel paralyzed again.
Seeing Joan was not able to move or say anything, liking how her face showed both arousal and fear, Stephen decided at that moment to take control of the situation. Never asking for her permission, he looked at Eric and said, "Come over here! Move closer to us!"
Shocked by Stephen's boldness, Joan could hear her conscious starting to scream at her to say "no", to tell Eric to stop. Even more, it suddenly dawned on her that, over the past few weeks, the only man she had truly thought of being intimate with, other then her husband that is, was Stephen. But now, as she watched this stranger starting to move closer to her, she didn't know what to do. The instant she felt the warmth of Eric's naked body lightly touching her own though, she knew what she wanted. For only the third time in her life, she felt nothing but hunger to explore another man's body.
For several awkward seconds though, she still found herself not able to do anything. Feeling her heart beating like a rabbit, she realized at that moment that she was so highly aroused again she felt like she was going to jump out of her skin; the sensation heightened even more when she watched breathlessly as Stephen grabbed her by her forearm, moving her arm until the palm of her hand came to rest directly on top of Eric's manhood.
Hearing Eric sigh the moment her hand touched his erection, Joan instantly felt another powerful adrenaline rush. Feeling empowered by his reaction, very much liking how her simple touch made him feel so good, after a moment of shyness passed she started to slowly run her hand up and down the length of his six-inch long shaft, titillated beyond words as she explored every single inch of his penis. Within a minute or two though, as her curiosity steadily grew, she adjusted her arm so she could grip his erection firmly in her hand; her adjustment making the head of his tool point straight up toward the ceiling as she began to stimulate him with steady, firm strokes; completely blown away as she did so that she was actually watching her own hand slide up and down a complete stranger's cock.
Grinning still sitting at Joan's side, Stephen closely studied Joan's face, seeing easily how the look of nervousness she had had a few moments earlier was now replaced by a look of curious delight. As she continued to explore his friend's erection, he started to run his hand up and down the length of her body once again, still loving the soft feel of her skin as he worked his way from her knee to her shoulder. Eventually, as he focused more and more on her breast, using his fingertips to playfully make her nipple become even more erect then it already was, he whispered into her ear, "Is it turning you on that your actually playing with another man's cock again, sweetie? Even more, is it turning you on that you're doing it while another man is touching you at the same time?"
Sighing, Joan shuttered as she absorbed Stephen's words. After biting down hard on her lower lip again, nothing but lust was present in her voice when she replied simply, "Yes!"
Sensing the growing tension in Joan's body after hearing what Stephen said to her, Eric opened his mouth to ease his breathing, needing to do so to fight back the urge of letting himself go. As his eyes danced between Joan's amazing body and her small hand gripping him as she pleased him, he remembered the moment he saw her for the first time that he wanted to play with her, desperately so. However, due to her stunning beauty, he thought Stephen was just showing off his latest conquest as he had done a couple of times before, making him believe he didn't have a chance with her. Now though, even as Joan played with his manhood, he could barely believe his luck, barely believe he was now sitting next to such a gorgeous, young woman. Immensely excited by such an unexpected turn of events, not able to keep his level of arousal under control, he knew what he was about to say could put an abrupt end to things but he did so anyway when he announced, "Your hand feels incredible! Part of me doesn't want you to stop because I know you can make me cum in another minute or two if you wanted me too! But..." Suddenly doubting if he should announce what he truly wanted to say to her, his unbridled lust swiftly got the best of him, making him say to her further, "But.... there's more of me that wants you to stop because I really want to explore your body, too! Every inch of you!"
Smiling devilishly, Stephen didn't miss a beat, intentionally adding fuel to the fire when he said, "Do you just want to touch her, Eric? Or, do you really want to fuck her?"
Absorbing Stephen's words, both Joan and Eric sighed. Instantly though, Joan's conscious screamed at her to say no again. Acting on this impulse, as she pulled her hand away from Eric's penis she spoke out reflexively, "I don't know! No! I don't think I can go that far!"
Even though he was expecting this, Stephen felt tormented on how he should best respond. Desperately, he wanted to push Joan as far as he could. Before he had a chance to say anything further however, he heard Eric say to her, "That's okay! I would really, really love to do that...but...I don't want to you to do anything that you wouldn't want too!"
Looking in Eric's eyes as he said this, Joan could see he was being genuine with his words and it worked well in making her feel a little less guarded. A few seconds later, as she watched him beginning to stroke his erection again, his eyes still locked with her's as he did so, for the second time she felt deeply flattered by what he was doing; knowing full well that the pleasure he was bringing upon himself was being heightened by his simple act of looking at her, his pleasure increasing simply by the fact that she was sitting completely naked right at his side.
With this awareness fueling her desire, she couldn't register how much she was being pushed when she heard Stephen say to her, "Are you sure you don't want to do anything, sweetie?" Pausing after saying this, Stephen quickly slid his right hand over the top of Joan's upper leg until his hand cupped her inner thigh. Pulling, he then proceeded to gently force her legs apart, spreading her thighs about four or five inches away from each other. Just as swiftly, he then pressed his hand firmly against her sex, making her wince when he started to tease her clitoris with his middle finger. Liking her reaction, surprised she had not yet responded to his question, let alone provided any resistance to his renewed fondling of her body so intimately down below, he added, "Look at his cock, sweetie!" After making sure her eyes were locking in on Eric's penis, he continued, "See how thick it is? Are you sure there's not a part of you that wants to feel something like that inside you? Find out first hand how good it might feel?"
Trembling visibly now, just like the last time she was with him, Joan had no idea why Stephen's words had such a powerful impact on her. The fact that she was so strongly attracted to him physically helped, but, unlike any other man had ever been able to, even her own husband, Stephen had a way of making her not only consider doing something she had never thought of doing before, he had a way of making her actually want too. Still though, despite this, trying to fight this power he had over her, attempting to stay strong, she said, "I shouldn't! I'm married! I shouldn't even be here! I shouldn't be sitting between two men completely naked like I am right now!" As she said this, she started to press her thighs back together.
Not relenting, Stephen boldly slid his finger deep into Joan's pussy, making her shudder and sigh. Grinning mischievously due to her response, he then said to her, "No! Youshouldbe here! What's happening right now is exactly why you came back here again, Joan! You're here again because there's a part of you that wants to do something even more intense then the last time you were here!" Pausing, swallowing to control his excitement, he continued, "I know one of the reason's why you came back here tonight was so you could be with me again! You have no idea how much I'm flattered by that, and trust me, that's going to happen! I promise you, I intend to fuck you even harder then the last time we were together! But, I also know something inside you has become unleashed! I can feel it!" Pausing again, after circling his finger against Joan's g-spot in an attempt to stimulate her just a little bit more, he added, "Listen to what your body is telling you! And, as far as your marriage goes, don't worry about your husband because he's shared with me that he wants you to do anything and everything you could possibly dream of doing! That's how much he loves you! That's how much he wants you to explore your sexuality! So, what you need to do now is let yourself go! Don't hold back! Unleash the passion that's inside you! If you want to play with Eric right now, then that's exactly what you should do! Believe me, I know I'd love to see you do that just as much as Brent would!"
Breathless, feeling like her mind was being over taken by a thick fog, her hunger for sex being fueled more and more by the way Stephen's finger was making her pussy itch for even greater attention, she still worked to stay strong despite this when she responded to him, "I don't know! I don't know if I should listen to you!" Being completely honest but conflicted, she added further, "I'm not sure how I'd feel about myself if I did anything more then what I've already done! Even if I did, I'm not sure how far I could let things go!"
"That's part of the excitement, sweetie! Not knowing what's going to happen next is one of the biggest rushes of all! Look at Eric! See how hard he is? That's how turned on he is for you! But I'd bet you anything that it's not only how delicious you look right now, it's not knowing what you'll do with him that's turning him on the most! And not knowing is not only arousing for him, I can feel how much it is turning you on, too!" After thinking for a moment, he then added, "Also, don't ever forget sweetheart, whatever it is you decide to do, all it would be is sex! Not lovemaking, just sex! You and I, we've never made love to each other, we've just fucked each other! We just enjoyed each other's bodies! You make love your husband! But with me, and possibly anyone else, all it would be is fun, physical, pleasurable sex! You've said that yourself!" Pausing, aware how much his own words were driving him mad with lust, knowing by the look on Joan's face that he was extremely close in pushing her over the edge, he finally said, "So, how far should you go? Again, that's part of the excitement! Go as far as you want too! Maybe just let Eric explore your body with his hands for a while, and that's it? Maybe let him kiss you? Maybe let him taste you? Or, because your pussy is so incredibly wet right now, maybe you should seriously think about letting him put himself inside you? Think about letting him fuck you?"
Sighing loudly from Stephen's final words, Joan was feeling so electrified she felt like she was going to burst into flame. Breathless, trembling even harder now then she had been only a short time earlier, failing in her attempt to stop, as the seconds passed she was feeling more and more helpless that she couldn't find any words to say anything in response.
Desperate, now burning with desire to see what Joan was going to choose to do, Stephen leaned even closer to her, pushing her once more when he whispered into her ear, "Go for it, sweetie! Let him please you! Let Eric enjoy your body! Give him a chance to see how many times he can make you explode!"
Hearing this, combined with the way Stephen was starting to tease her ear with his tongue, not to mention the way he was once again directly stimulating her clitoris with his finger, Joan could feel another orgasm was brewing inside her. Fighting to keep what she knew would be another blissful release at bay however, not knowing why, she continued to struggle with the fact that she could not say anything in response, even though she desperately wanted too. Still shaking, all shecoulddo was stare at Eric, her eyes dancing between his face and his hand's steady work on his intimating erection.
For Eric, even though he was just as aroused as Stephen was, he wasn't blind to how Joan might respond to his friend's bold statement. Hesitant to do anything, he continued to touch himself, not moving as he once again completely focused on Joan's beautiful face. His heart began to flutter in a short period of time however when he saw her eyes focus more and more on his manhood; the expression on her face making her look like she was completely drunk with lust as she did so.
Emboldened by this, he felt an intense thrill seeing how much the aroused look on her face increased when he adjusted his body slightly so he could reach forward and place his hands on her body for the first time, slowly gliding his hands across the soft skin of her stomach before anxiously sliding them higher so he could relish the firmness of her beautiful breasts. In time though, mesmerized by her warmth and the way she trembled as he explored her body even further---touching her face, her neck, her shoulders, her hips and her thighs---his heart felt like it was going to jump out of his chest when he found himself moving her, not stopping his bold, aggressive adjustment of her petite frame until she was laying flat on her back; finding he had tunnel vision when he moved her left leg so he could place himself directly between her widening thighs; at that moment, salivating when he fully absorbed the fact she hadn't resisted the audacity of his action in the slightest, almost drooling when his eyes danced up and down her body before focusing on her feminine essence, the petals of her labia reflecting the soft light showing him bluntly how wet she was. A few moments later, knowing he was going to have to fight to keep himself from cumming when he leaned forward and started to boldly rub the length of his cock directly against Joan's beckoning pussy.
When Joan felt Eric's hands touching her body, she felt like she was in a dream as she allowed him to explore her without ever hearing him ask for her consent; cooing the entire time she felt his hands pleasing caress. Still though, as her hormones raged, knowing full well what was happening, she could hear a part of her mind screaming at her to tell him to stop when he started moving her. The moment she felt the warmth and hardness of Eric's penis brushing against her sex however, she knew right then that no matter what her conscious was attempting to say to her, there was no way she was going to be able to stop Eric from going further even if she wanted to; her body simply wasn't going to let that happen. So much so, the fear she had had wondering whether or not she could live with herself if she had sex with another man again was no longer present. What she feared now was what Eric's incredibly thick cock was going to give her more.... pleasure or pain?
She would soon find out.
Excited, Eric watched wide-eyed as he manipulated the head of his penis between Joan's labia, feeling a chill each time she winced when he vibrated the tip of his tool directly against her clitoris; feeling his mouth water seeing how red and swollen it was. Dying to place himself inside her though, as he continued to slide the full length of his shaft up and down the vertical slit of her sex, doing so to tease them both, he said to her, "You have no idea how bad I want to put myself inside you! Can I do it now, or do you want me to put on a condom first?"
Hearing Eric's question, Stephen whispered to Joan, "One of the rules that's required for all of the exclusive members here in this part of the club, member's like Eric and I, is we have to be tested for STD's every month. So, if you want to feel Eric inside you with nothing on, feel him naturally, you don't have to worry about catching anything!"
Joan knew well that despite this testing, there were still risks she could be exposed to something. Completely intoxicated with mind-numbing desire however, not caring about the risks and only wanting what was about to happen to be a pleasurable as possible, as her voice shook, she replied, "No! Just put it in me!"
Playing with her, Eric asked with a grin, "Are you sure? You want to feel me with nothing on?"
"Yes! Just do it!" A second later, hearing herself gasping out loud when she felt Eric tapping his tool firmly against her sex; his action producing a wet slapping noise that could be heard by every person in the room; the sound making some of them wince with envy.
Drawing in a deep, anticipative breath, Eric slid a few inches closer. Feeling lightheaded, he placed his left hand on Joan's hip, bracing himself as he pressed the tip of his penis against the opening of her inviting, pink hole. A second later, grunting as he watched the head of his cock disappear completely inside her; the incredible tightness and heat that enveloped him as he pushed his manhood a few inches further into her depths making him feel almost faint. When he finally pressed his tool as deep into her as he could, he wasn't able to stop himself from crying out, "Oh my God! You feel fucking incredible!"
Feeling Eric's penis penetrating her body, Joan gasped loudly, the severe physical and mental stimulation that yet another man, another stranger was actually pressing his manhood into her depths made her shudder even harder then she had done moments before. Bracing herself for the onset of pain due to the girth of Eric's penis, as she felt him sliding his way even deeper into her sex, she thoroughly savored the odd yet pleasurable sensation of pressure she could feel deep within the walls of her pussy. And as Eric began to slowly thrust his way in and out of her precious box, she couldn't help but compare the feeling to that of a deep tissue massage; the more he slid his cock in and out of her pink hole, the greater the pleasure became as her body adjusted to his intrusion; soon, the physical pleasure becoming so great, the only thing she thought about was letting this man fuck her as passionately and lustfully as he could.
Making her feel even better, as Joan began to moan from the pleasure of sex, she felt her breasts being cupped firmly in Stephen's large hands. Sighing when he began to expertly tease her nipples, hearing him say to her, "You look amazing, Joan! Does it feel good having Eric's big cock inside you?"
Between moans, she could only reply, "Yes!"
"Good!" Pausing, he then added, "Would you like him to make you cum?"
Sighing, Joan felt another adrenaline rush; this time, one that she knew was going to help push her to the simmering orgasm that was laying in wait. Feeling energy flowing through her entire body, feeling like she was floating, she whimpered, "Yes! I want to cum again!"
Smiling, between the hunger in Joan's voice and the tension he could feel in her body, Stephen worked to stimulate her mind even more, "Would you like everyone in here see you explode again, too? This time, see you cum while you're being fucked?"
Joan barely heard what he said and she never gave a response. She was lost in nirvana as Eric continued to slide his manhood in and out of her sex.
With Joan's head resting in his lap, Stephen eyes began to wander up and down her body, feeling his own mouth water due to the exquisite visual before him. Eventually concentrating his line of sight to where Joan and Eric's bodies were locked together, he felt both envy and joy knowing the pleasure each of them was feeling; finding himself thrilled even more that Joan was truly expanding her sexual horizons to the fullest now, exponentially so, and mostly because of his doing.
A few moments later, after observing Joan pulling her knees back slightly, knowing she was doing this so she could spread her thighs further apart so Eric could press his way just a little bit deeper into her pussy, he looked down at her face again. Seeing nothing but lust, seeing how much her eyes were glazed over, he swallowed to control his excitement when he said to her, "Cum for me baby! Cum on Eric's cock! I want to see you explode!"
Grunting, Joan responded by sliding her hands behind Eric's lower back, her simple act making the need for words completely unnecessary when she began to pull down on his body, doing so in a way it told him easily that she wanted him to start fucking her harder and faster. And as she did so, even though it was already obvious that she was telling him silently what she was craving, to emphasize what she needed she said to him, "Fuck me! Fuck me like you mean it!"
Emboldened, Eric grunted sharply. Looking down at his groin, admiring how his pubic hair was meshed with Joan's, he held her tightly as he started to move his hips back and forth with increasing speed. Within seconds, finding the increased pleasure so intense, he needed to close his eyes so he could concentrate on holding back his agonizing desire to erupt deep inside her. Only when he knew he would be successful in keeping his own orgasm at bay, that was the moment he began to pound his cock into her vagina as hard as he could; soon ramming his way into her body like piston.
For Joan, feeling Eric's penis slamming into her sex, the waves of pleasure that flowed throughout her entire body built so rapidly and with such intensity, she couldn't stop the increasing volume of her primal cries even if she had too; completely unaware as she moaned out loud in ecstasy that the sounds escaping her was making her the room's complete center of attention. Soon, closing her eyes when Eric's inward thrusts felt like they were hitting her even harder and faster with each passing second, making her body feel like it was being stimulated to the core.
Still mindful though that her body's rocking motion was being limited by Stephen's presence at her head, she loved how he continued to slide his hands over her sensitive breasts. A minute or two later, opening her eyes again when she felt one of Stephen's hands working its way down across her belly; a moment later, gasping when she felt his middle finger make contact with her hypersensitive clitoris; wincing when he began to massage it with perfection. A few seconds later, knowing she was right at the brink of no return when she heard Eric announce to Stephen, "Yeah buddy! Keep rubbing her clit like that for me! Help me make her cum!" The physical stimulation Eric and Stephen were inflicting on her, magnified by the frank awareness she was actually having sex with two men at the same time, her act of sex being consummated in front of a group of complete strangers no less, all of this quickly made her draw in an extremely deep breath, feeling every muscle in her body contract just before she cried out in a state of rapture, grunting like an animal when the orgasm she was craving blissfully surged through every single cell in her body.
Both feeling and witnessing Joan's earth shattering orgasm becoming unleashed, Eric buried his cock as deep into her body as he could. Grinding his pelvis against her's in a circular motion, he hoped the sensation of his manhood filling her would keep her orgasm going on as long and as hard as it possibly could; within seconds finding himself looking down at the base of his tool, staring mesmerized when Joan's vaginal fluids began to squirt out of her sex, loving how her juices soaked his pubic hair before her nectar ran down and dripped off his balls; her pussy becoming so wet and slippery it mercifully helped in his persistent effort not to cum himself when he started to pound his cock into her again. A few moments later, when he sensed Joan was past the peak of her sexual release, he made sure that he wouldn't cum as well when he decided to pull his erection out of her sex, doing so because he desperately wanted to play with her even more.
Seeing his friend withdrawing from Joan's body so he could sit back and catch his breath, Stephen took advantage of the moment and adjusted how he sat. Placing his feet on the floor and bending over, he leaned into Joan and proceeded to kiss her, pressing his tongue past her inviting lips after saying to her, "You looked so incredibly beautiful just now, sweetheart! I can't wait until I get the chance to fuck you like Eric just did!"
Sighing, her body still trembling hard from her orgasm, Joan loved feeling Stephen's tongue penetrating her mouth, hunger making her press one of her hands against the back of his head so she could kiss him just as passionately as he was her. So lost in her kiss, the only thing that was able to snap her attention back to the moment at hand was when Eric began to suck her left nipple deep into his mouth; the stimulation making her kiss Stephen even harder. Soon, grunting when she felt Eric sliding two of his fingers into her vagina, masterfully stimulating her from within as he took turns moving from one of her sensitive nipples to the next.
As Stephen continued to kiss Joan, he started to tease his erection through his pants. In time though, he broke their kiss so he could sit back and watch Eric's work on her breasts, savoring the visual of her nipples now angrily erect again, both of them glistening because of Eric's saliva. Boiling with lust, as his eyes moved down to observe Eric's fingers steadily working on Joan's pink hole, loving how Joan held her knees up high and close to her torso so she could fully enjoy Eric's work, he suddenly became more keenly aware that Joan's feminine scent was filling the air. Triggering something primal within, acting on instinct, he started taking of his clothes, not stopping until he was completely naked. Then, as his mouth watered, he forced himself to sit back for another minute or two, simply stroking his manhood as he continued to watch Eric play with Joan's succulent body.
Eventually though, not able to sit at Joan's side any longer, he leaned toward her ear and whispered, "Is Eric still making you feel good?"
Closing her eyes a few moments earlier so she could more readily concentrate on the divine stimulation Eric was providing her, when she heard Stephen speaking to her, she gasped when she opened them again, both thrilled and surprised to see Stephen naked at her side, sighing loudly a second later when she absorbed more fully that he was masturbating. Soon, biting down on her lower lip when she heard him say to her, "Do you wantmeto fuck you now sweetie?"
"Yeah!"
Grinning, Stephen was thrilled that he was about to have sex with her again; a second later though, he suddenly had a change of thought. Acting on this, he said, "Oh! I'm going too! But...right now...I want to watch you have sex with Eric some more! And this time, I want to watch you makehimcum!"
Despite the fact that Eric had just been inside her, Joan again couldn't say anything in response. Feeling yet another sharp chill running up and down her spine when she heard Eric jump in and announce, "Man, that's not going take much work! Another minute inside this beautiful woman's tight pussy and I'm going to pop!"
Chuckling, Stephen looked into Joan's eyes and asked, "Would that be okay with you? Would you like to help Eric cum?"
Shaking with desire, feeling her body screaming at her for more, Joan could barely be heard when she whispered in response, "Yes!"
Smiling, after winking at her, Stephen spoke directly to Eric, "How would you like her to help you?"
Saying nothing, Eric stood. Leaning down, he wrapped his right arm around Joan's legs, both pulling and turning her until her upper back was resting against the lowest portion of the couch's backrest, her position leaving her buttocks hanging free off the seat. As he looked into Joan's eyes, loving how she breathed through her mouth with lustful anticipation, he threw her lower legs up and to the side, his act making Joan gasp when her legs flung apart, his aggressiveness giving her a rush. Smiling in deep admiration from the visual of her waiting vulnerably for him---everyone watching feeling the same---he started to stroke his tool to make it harder, slowly moving closer to her body as he did so. Stopping when his penis was just a few inches away from her vagina, he then said to her, "Are you ready to feel me inside you again?"
Joan was so aroused by what was transpiring, her passion intensified because she could see clearly that every person in the room was watching her, it took a few moments for her to say simply, "Yeah!"
Savoring a rush himself, Eric tapped his cock firmly against Joan's sex a few times, he and everyone around them once again loving the splashing sound produced when he did so. Excited, he then said to her, "Grab it! Put my cock inside you! Show me you want it!"
Doing as he asked, Joan reached forward and took hold of Eric's manhood.God! It's so heavy, coming to the forefront of her mind when she did so, her vaginal muscles contracting when she decided to slide her hand up and down the length of his tool for a brief moment. Only after satisfying her desire to explore his masculinity one last time, even if it was only for a couple of seconds, she started to pull his penis closer to her body, thinking to herself,I can't believe I'm doing this!when she felt the head of his tool pressing firmly against her pussy again. A second later, gasping out loud when she felt Eric thrusting his hips into her with force, impaling his cock deep inside her body.
"Fuck!" Eric cried, again blown away by the heat and tightness that enveloped his erection; the sensation so pleasurably intense, it seemed to flow to the deepest regions of his soul. Producing ravenous lust, he placed both of his hands on Joan's hamstrings just below her knees, digging his fingers firmly into her flesh as he pressed her bent knees close to her torso, his act leaving her even more vulnerable before him. Leaning into her, he then began to pound his cock into the depths of her essence as hard as he could, the exquisite gasps of pleasure Joan began to release encouraging him to thrust his hips back and forth like a mad man; loving how she locked her eyes with his own the entire time he fucked her.
Enraptured, Joan concentrated on her breathing just as she had done before, now doing so because she was truly fearful she might pass out due to the how blissfully good her body felt. Two or three minutes later, with eyes glazed, she looked over at Stephen who was now directly at her side, relishing yet another orgasm hitting her hard when she heard him say to her, "Cum for me again, baby! I want to see it!" Her third orgasm of the night so intense, her vision literally went black for a few moments, her mind not registering that her eyes rolling back white was the reason why.
Between the vice like grip squeezing his cock, the bliss on Joan's face as she came and the titillation knowing many of his friends were watching him pounding his cock into the most beautiful woman in the room, Eric began to feel intense pressure building deep in his groin. Knowing that he was close, he placed more of his weight against Joan's now sweating body, kissing her. Feeling her kissing him back, he felt a sharp chill because he wasn't sure whether or not she would accept his dancing tongue's work against her lips. From this simple intimacy, it was the last he could take. Breathless, still thrusting his penis into Joan's body with vigor, he stopped kissing her and announced, "I can't go anymore! You're going to make me cum!!"
Because of the euphoria she was feeling, when Joan heard this, despite the risks of being exposed to something even though Stephen claimed he and Eric were clean, a part of her very much wanted to feel Eric finish inside her. As she was thinking this however, she felt relief, not to mention a strong, titillating rush when she heard Stephen say to him, "Eric, pull out! Do what you love to do! Paint her with your cum!"
Not needing any encouragement, Eric withdrew his penis from Joan's body. Stroking vigorously on his tool, he started to stare almost menacingly at Joan's vagina, thrilled with what he was about to do. A second later, as he grunted loudly, he pointed the head of his cock straight at Joan's sex, watching wide-eyed as his semen began to shoot out of his tool like a cannon; the first stream of his thick seed instantly coating Joan's labia; the blissful shots that followed hitting her pubic hair, stomach, but happily for him, the vast majority landing directly on the area of her body he was aiming for, her awe inspiring pussy. By the time he finished, Joan's light brown labia and pink hole were just barely visible because they were now buried beneath an incredibly viscous batch of Eric's white cum.
In the midst of his orgasm, Joan could feel the heat and wetness of his semen splashing all over the most intimate and sensitive part of her body, making her gasp from the sensation. So enamored watching his cum spurting out of his cock, so titillated both by the taboo of what she was allowing him to do and the strength of his release, she didn't fully realize that she had placed her hands on her knees to purposely keep her thighs spread as wide apart as she could until after he finished cumming. Stirring her further, because of her body's position, she began to wonder how much of his seed might now be oozing directly into her vagina; the thought, perhaps even the want of this making her shiver. Adding to all of this, the reality she had just finished having sex with another man whom she just met, unprotected sex for that matter, it all made her feel naughty. Not knowing why, the thought of being a bad girl didn't make her feel poorly about herself as she expected though; for the moment, it did the exact opposite, it made her feel sexy, lustful and desired.
Still at Joan's side, Stephen shook his head back and forth in amazed wonder as his eyes absorbed the exceedingly erotic visual of Joan's youthful pussy now coated in a thick blanket of his friend's almost fluorescent cum, the sight making him comment out loud, "Oh, man! That is fucking beautiful!" Looking directly into Joan's eyes, adding, "Sweetheart, I wish we were filming this right now. If you wanted, we could make you a famous porn star!" Taking in a deep breath to calm himself as he had done several times before, after leaning close to Joan's ear, he then whispered further, "Sweetie, I could watch you have sex with some lucky guy, any guy, for the rest of my life! You are an absolute goddess!"
As he began to run his hand across Joan's stomach and chest, occasionally squeezing one of her breasts or playfully pinching one of her nipples, he again kissed her hungrily for a moment, never tiring of the taste of her mouth before pulling back to say, "I know every guy in this room right now wants to fuck you! Every one of them wants to put his hard cock deep inside your beautiful body and enjoy you in the most pleasurable way possible!" After a brief pause, adding, "Would you like that? Do you want me to have another one of my friend's come over here and fuck you? Do you want to fuck another complete stranger right here and now?"
Hearing this, the thought made Joan shiver.Oh my God! I can't believe you're asking me that!running through her mind. Thinking about it closely, she could feel her body urging her to go for it. She also heard a part of her conscience saying to her,Do it! Do it!At that moment she realized lust was overtaking logic again, and she found herself becoming addicted to the feeling.
Still, as she contemplated what to do, the moral side of her began to scream at her with a much louder voice, telling herToo much! Too much!The battle deciding what to do becoming even harder when she watched Stephen lower his head, a few seconds later cooing when she felt his skillful tongue flicking against her right nipple, loving the sensation of her flesh being sucked deep into his hot mouth a brief moment later. Sighing when she heard him ask her, "Do you want that, sweetie? Do you want somebody else to fill your pussy like Eric just did?"
Joan almost said yes. Fearful of the unknown though, fearful how far she might lose control, in the end her conscience won the battle. However, she was far from wanting to stop playing. Acting on this, her lust for the taboo now overtaken by her lust for Stephen, she said to him, "No! I don't want anybody else! Not now!" Looking deep into his eyes, she then added with pure hunger in her voice, "Right now, I just want you!"
Disappointed he wasn't going to get the chance to watch her with somebody else, but thrilled thathewas, Stephen started to play with her, asking, "What was that? You want me to do what?"
Biting down hard on her lower lip when she felt Stephen gently nibbling on her nipple with his teeth, she was surprised by her own bold words when she replied, "I want you to fuck me!"
"Mmm! I would love that! Are you sure you want to fuck me though?"
"Yes!"
"How? How do you want me to fuck you sweetie?" As he asked, Stephen could feel himself trembling with anticipation.
"I don't care! I just want you to fuck me! I want to feel you inside me!" The passion and hunger in Joan's voice as she spoke was palpable.
At that moment, a towel unexpectedly landed to the left side of Joan's body. So focused on each other, neither she nor Stephen had noticed Eric sliding away from them a short time earlier so he could grab a towel to clean himself, tossing it to Joan's side when he finished so she could wipe away his semen still pooled on her vagina.
Moving so he could place himself between Joan's legs just as she was reaching for the towel to clean herself as well, Stephen was suddenly hit with an extremely titillating thought. Inspired, for the moment not caring what Joan's response might be, he said to her with a shaky voice, "Wait! Sweetie, seeing Eric's cum all over your pussy right now is such an incredible turn on for me! Do me a favor and don't use that towel! I want to fuck you exactly the way you are! I don't care how sticky or messy you are!"
Absorbing this, Joan sighed. As she stared into Stephen's blue eyes, she knew if she didn't remove Eric's semen, the moment he placed himself inside her he would also be pushing some of Eric's cum into her body as well. Feeling devilish, suddenly wishing she could have felt the joy of Eric's cumming inside her, she told herselfThe hell with the risksand tossed the towel back to her side.
Watching the towel landing on the floor, it was Stephen's turn to sigh. Caught up in the intense eroticism of the moment, he reached down and started to stroke his nine-inch long penis, working to make it just a little bit harder then it already was. When satisfied, he moved closer to Joan's body, his eyes dancing between her beautiful face and her cum drenched vagina. Then, feeling like an animal, he placed the large, bulbous head of his cock directly between her labia, not caring how thick globs of Eric's white seed coated the tip of his penis as he thrust his way forward into Joan's box, loving how she sharply tensed and moaned as he pressed his way as deep into her body as he could.
Feeling the intense heat of her vagina engulfing his cock, the sensation flowing throughout his entire body, he groaned loudly due to how incredible she felt; perhaps because he had been desiring her for weeks, he couldn't help but think how much better she felt now compared to the last time they were together. Completely enamored with this, after focusing on the sight of her labia hugging the base of his tool---feeling a chill seeing how gooey her vaginal lips appeared now smeared with a mixture of semen and her own lubrication---he looked into her eyes again loving the look of nirvana now etched on her face, the desire for him that was present as well encouraging him to start thrusting his hips back and forth; within seconds, his passion for her making him increase the speed of his strokes.
For Joan, the instant she felt Stephen's manhood penetrating her body she wanted to cry out to him, to tell him how incredible he felt; the fear of looking silly in front of complete strangers prevented her from doing so though. Still very much wanting to express the joy of feeling him being back inside her body however, wanting to express the joy of him fucking her again, she locked her eyes with his as she reached up and dug her fingers into his back. Quickly, knowing she was successful in silently expressing her hunger of wanting to feel his body closer to her own when she felt him tossing her legs over his shoulders, welcoming the way he pinned her knees to the sides of her chest as he pressed his full weight down on top of her, this time not able to prevent herself from crying out in ecstasy when she felt him grinding his cock even deeper into her pussy. A few moments later, feeling like an animal herself when she felt him withdraw a couple of inches just before he began to rhythmically pound his cock into her, very much enjoying how the head of his penis punched at her cervix each time his pelvis slammed against her own. Feeling like she was on fire, finding herself needing to wrap her arms around him tightly, her burning lust for him making her reach for the back of his head, soon pulling on his hair as she cried out to him, "Fuck me! I don't care what you want to do to me, just don't stop fucking me!"
Groaning as he absorbed Joan's unexpected words, Stephen pressed his tongue deep into her mouth and began kissing her as hard and as wet as he could, purposely sucking on her tongue firmly between his lips each time she pushed her tongue back into his mouth in return. In short period of time though, breaking away so he could say to her as he continued to ram his cock into her, "You feel so fucking incredible!" Drawing in a deep breath before he continued, "I want everyone in here to see what a goddess you are! I want them to play with themselves until they cum just by watching you!"
Inspired by this, after a several more intense strokes, Stephen pulled himself out of Joan's sex and stood before her. Being a strong exhibitionist and feeding off of this, also wanting to provide his friends with a clear view of Joan's beauty, he quickly leaned down and slid his hands underneath her body. A second later, effortlessly lifting her so he could place her in a position that left her lying horizontally on the couch. Licking his lips, he then placed himself between Joan and the backrest of the couch, turning her until he placed her in a comfortable spoon position. Seeing several of his friends watching transfixed, he grinned when saw some of their mouths falling open the moment he reached underneath Joan's left leg just before pulling on it in a way that lewdly spread her thighs apart, easily exposing her femininity for their enjoyment. As his heart raced, he then made sure Joan was seeing the mesmerized look on his friends faces just like he was when he whispered into her ear, "Sweetie, do you see my friends over there watching you? Do you see how excited they are?"
Despite the realization that everyone in the room had already seen her completed naked, had seen her have sex no less, when she felt Stephen turning her body as he settled behind her, Joan found herself beginning to feel a little too exposed. When she felt Stephen lifting her leg followed by the sensation of cool air hitting her sex however, her nervousness increased even more. The moment she heard the lust in Stephen's voice when he questioned her though, she looked at the other people in the room, gasping when she saw that the two couples who had been having sex on the couch opposite them were now watching the two of them closely; goose bumps rising on her skin when it registered fully that one of the couples was now sitting side by side, both the man and woman masturbating as they stared at her. A second later, feeling an intense rush when she saw that the other couple was sitting next to each other as well. For them however, the woman's legs were spread wide apart, the back of her knees resting on top of a two different men's thighs. To her right, the same guy she had been with before; to her left though was the attractive black man that had earlier been playing with the young, petite blond; swallowing when she saw clearly that the woman was busily stroking each man's erection as both men stimulated her in return. The man on the woman's right completely focused on Joan even as he turned his back slightly so he could more easily fondle the woman's breasts; the black man doing just the same, but for him, grinning as he alternated between fingering the woman's pussy and placing his fingers in his mouth so he could taste her juices.
As she more fully absorbed this erotic scene taking place before her, Joan softly announced out, "Oh, my God!" A few moments later, gasping when she felt Stephen manipulating the head of his penis against her vagina, grunting when she felt him pressing his way back into her depths.
Hearing the sounds of pleasure escaping her, feeling Joan's body melt in his arms when he started to slowly slide the full length of erection in and out of her sex, Stephen said to her hungrily, "Do you see that? They love watching you sweetheart!" After gripping her thigh harder with his hand so he could press her leg more firmly against her torso, greatly admiring her flexibility as he leaned down so he could nibble on her ear a brief moment, he then said further, "They're absolutely mesmerized by you! And I bet every one of them is wishing they could play with you just like I am right now!"
Titillated deeply by his words, Joan could say nothing. For several minutes, she placed her full focus on the strangers sitting no more then ten feet away from her, watching them just as closely as they were her as they ceaselessly stimulated themselves or their partner at their side; as she did so, savoring every second the way Stephen held her tightly as he steadily snaked his cock in and out of her pink hole, his work on her easily increasing the kinkiness of the moment at hand that much more. So much so, in time, not believing her body could experience a higher level of pleasure then she was now, she did anyway when she felt Stephen's hand brushing through her small patch of pubic hair; grunting when his fingers began to tickle her clitoris just as expertly as he had done before. A minute or two later, as she dug her nails into the leather couch and gasped for air, finding she was not able to stop herself from crying out to him, "Oh! Fuck me harder! Fuck me faster!"
With a face showing complete concentration, Stephen immediately did exactly what Joan was asking for. As he held her even tighter then he already was, he began to thrust his hips back and forth as rapidly as he could. Doing this so hard and fast, his body quickly took on a light sheen as he began to sweat; drops of perspiration soon running from his forehead down the side of his face, eventually dripping into Joan's hair. Saying to her as he continued to fuck her as fast as he could, "Cum for me baby! Cum on my cock just like the last time we were together!!"
Screaming as another orgasm began to rip through her body, Joan's vision turned hazy. As she continued to cum, feeling stars bouncing around her head like a fireworks display, she had to grip the couch even tighter as she lowered her head the moment she felt like she was going to pass out. The beauty of her breathtaking orgasm so great, the man across from her who was masturbating began to cum himself. As he did so, grunting with Joan as his semen shot of his cock, several long strands of his seed landing across his chest and stomach. Within seconds, his partner at his side raising her knees up in the air as she began to enjoy the bliss of sexual release herself.
Seeing and feeling Joan cumming, combined with the sight of his two good friends across the room getting off themselves as well, Stephen grinned proudly while thinking to himself,Fucking awesome!No longer thrusting his hips back and forth so he could catch his breath though, the inner joy he was feeling soon made him whisper to her, "You did it sweetheart! I told you someone would be able to cum just by watching you!" Pausing so he could catch his breath further, with excitement getting the best of him, he then added, "That's how hot and sexy you are! Everyone in here, including myself thinks you are an absolute goddess! That's why you should play with someone else! You're a gift to them!"
Having just been hit with her forth orgasm of the night, Joan was starting to feel drained. Despite this however, very much aware that her orgasms were somehow getting stronger and more powerful as each one became unleashed, she felt like she was becoming addicted to them because her body was already beginning to stir for more. Aware of this, she thought to herself,What's happening to me! I'm becoming a slut!The thought of which made her feel dirty, but in a way she only felt desire for more and more sex.
As these thoughts were running through Joan's mind, Stephen withdrew his penis from her body. After gripping the base of his manhood and playfully rubbing his erection up and down the soft curves of Joan's inner thighs for a few moments, he eventually turned her onto her back and rolled on top of her. Holding her tightly, he then started to lick and nibble on her neck and ears for a few moments, loving how she sighed as he did so. In time though, after briefly slipping his tongue into her mouth, he sat up on his knees so he could fully admire her naked beauty again, something he knew he would never tire of seeing. Still enamored with the thoughts he had had a few moments earlier, as he admired the flushed but satisfied look on Joan's face, he said to her, "Would you like that baby? Do you want somebody else to play with you?"
Even though she was already half expecting Stephen would say something like this, Joan still sighed as she absorbed his words, a surge of adrenaline instantly giving her yet another strong, pleasing chill. Breathing through her mouth as she continued to recover from her latest orgasm, as she rest on the couch while looking into Stephen's eyes, she tried to find something to say in reply. Soon though, she gave up trying.
Anticipating that Joan was going to say no, liking that she had not yet replied, Stephen smiled as he leaned closer to her, grinning when her began to suck her right nipple into his mouth. After savoring the eroticism of his act for a few moments, as he alternated between speaking and flicking his tongue around her sensitive areola, he said to her with intense desire in his voice, "I can see it in your eyes, Joan! You want me to find somebody else to play with you, don't you?"
Despite feeling the urge for more sex brewing deep inside her body, lingering thoughts of morality still managed to break through her conscience making her shake her head no. Not knowing why, at that moment she started to feel like things were getting too intense again.
Seeing caution, perhaps even doubt on Joan's face, Stephen felt devilish when he decided to push her, saying, "I know you do! I can feel it!" After gliding his tongue across her chest and gently biting down on her left nipple with his teeth, as he watched her pleasingly grimace, he added, "You want to feel another man's cock inside you! Feel another man's tongue on your pussy! Feel his tongue in your mouth after he's thrown your legs over his shoulders so he can fuck you as deep as possibly can!"
Absorbing Stephen's words, Joan's reservations were swiftly being replaced with desires to be stimulated, to be touched as intimately as possible, to be taken yet again. Still though, she forced herself to say, "I don't know! I've done so much already! I don't know if I should let myself go that far any more!"
Sliding his left hand up Joan's body, when he reached her right breast he cupped then squeezed her flesh firmly, sucking on her left nipple hard as he did so. On fire though, he soon moved his face close to Joan's ear, whispering, "Yes, you should!" Digging his tongue into her ear, loving that he discovered a new erogenous zone on her body by the way she gasped and wrapped her arms tightly around him as he continued to thrust his tongue into her flesh, he soon added, "I think you should let somebody else make you cum again! Then, when you're finished, let yourself enjoy that special feeling you get when you make somebody else explode!" After a brief pause, saying further, "Wouldn't you like that? Wouldn't you like to play with somebody else again? Let yourself enjoy another man's body?"
Burning with lust both due to Stephen's words and the way he was ever so enjoyably stimulating her ear, Joan reached down and gripped his ass firmly in her hands. Desperately, she wanted to feel him back inside her, conveying this by the way she manipulated her body as she attempted to pull his lower body into her own. Quickly though, she knew he was purposely resisting when she heard him say to her, "Oh! I want you too sweetie! I want you to help me cum just like the last time we were together! But first, I really want to watch somebody helpyouget off just one more time! I really want to see you fuck somebody again before the night is through!"
Looking into Joan's eyes, Stephen began to intentionally torment her by sliding the length of his erection up and down the vertical slit of her sex, completely mesmerized by her silky wetness as he did so. As he continued, saying to her, "Come on! Do it! Let yourself go!"
Surprised how fast she had become intoxicated with desire again, now aching with a need to feel someone, anyone, inside her, she knew she had passed the point of no return when she said to Stephen breathlessly, "Okay! I'll do it! Find me someone!"
Not wasting a second of time for fear Joan might lose this desire, Stephen began to kiss her as hard and as passionately as he could, not stopping as he adjusted his body so he could rest on his knees, pulling Joan up with him into a sitting position. Breaking his kiss and gasping when he unexpectedly felt Joan gripping his manhood so she could stroke it purposefully to please him, he successfully fought the urge to stop what he was attempting to do when he began to pull Joan down on top of him, stopping only when they reached a position in which Joan needed to adjust her legs so that she was the one now sitting on her knees. Quickly, he then lay down flat on his back as he pulled on her hands, guiding her until she straddled him exactly the way he was hoping she would. Pulling her down so he could kiss her again, as he gently pulled on her hair and forced her head to the side so he could freely suckle and play with her ear and neck, he looked over to his friend still sitting on the couch on the other side of the room, throwing him a familiar, knowing look.
His friend, Darrel Johnson, was readily enjoying the show his good friend was providing, happily watching Stephen play with the young Asian-Anglo woman whom he found to be exceptionally beautiful. The moment he saw his friend looking at him however, he felt a powerful rush knowing from past experience that he was getting an invitation to join in on the fun. At the present moment though, because his fingers were still working on the woman's pussy sitting at his side, he asked, "Sweetheart, would you mind if I joined Stephen and his friend over there for a bit? I promise I'll make it up to you later!"
Disappointed but knowing Darrel would be true to his word, as her husband leaned closer on her opposite shoulder so he could better hear what Darrel was saying to her, she said purposely for her husband's benefit, "You can go only if you promise you'll make me sore with that beautiful, black cock of yours later on tonight!"
Grinning from the compliment, feeling a thrill knowing this was going to be a much more adventurous, fun night then normal, as he stood Darrel answered, "Oh! That's a guaranteed promise! I'll definitely make you feel sore in the morning if you want me too!"
After kissing the woman on her cheek, he walked the short distance across the room, his eyes locked in on the young woman now straddling Stephen. Smiling and raising his eyebrows to acknowledge his friend, he quickly placed his left knee on the couch between Stephen's outstretched legs, his eyes focusing on the young woman and her perfect, heart shaped ass; licking his lips when he saw more clearly her inflamed labia hanging delicately from her sex. Brazen, lost in the hedonism of the moment at hand, he then reached forward and placed his hands on the sides of her hips; his face flushing when he proceeded to slide his hands up and down her backside, slowly gliding his fingers from her thighs to her upper back; moving his body closer and closer to her as the seconds passed. Soon, smiling even wider when he saw the woman finally turning her head so she could see who was touching her; loving the glazed look in the young lady's eyes and the way she gasped when he began to boldly yet playfully slap his erection against the cheek of her ass, saying to her simply as he did so, "Hi!"
When Joan first felt someone touching her from behind, she felt like she was in a dream; momentarily paralyzed due to an intense mixture of lust and fear, for a brief moment she couldn't find the strength to turn around to see who it was. Deeply curious who was boldly touching her though, she felt a million butterflies become unleashed in her stomach when she saw the attractive black man she had been watching earlier was the man now sitting behind her; shuttering when she felt the heaviness of his manhood slapping against her backside. Feeling lightheaded when she heard Stephen whisper into her ear, "Would you like to feel some black cock inside you sweetie?"
Turning back around, feeling breathless, Joan's eyes locked with Stephen's, doing so for only a couple of seconds but feeling like it was an eternity.I can't believe you want me to do this!racing through her mind when she looked at him. Eventually though, feeling her body shaking, she turned to look back at Darrel again, her eyes locking with his.Oh my God!shouting in her mind when she next heard Stephen announce out loud, "Hey Darrel, this is my friend Joan! Right now, she would like to experience new cock and I think you are the perfect choice for her! So, could you help her with that? And, while you're at it, make her cum again too?"
"Mmm! My pleasure!" Saying nothing further, as Darrel took in a deep, anticipative breath, he placed some of his fingers in his mouth so he could moisten the tip of his penis with his saliva. Just as quickly, hungry to feel this beautiful woman before him in the most enjoyable way possible, he placed the impressively large, bulbous head of his manhood between Joan's labia; a second later, holding her hips tightly as he began to force his erection deeper and deeper into her pussy with steady, inward strokes; stopping only when he felt the hard cone of her cervix kissing the tip of his cock. In time, occasionally grunting when he began to thrust nearly the full length of his penis in and out of Joan's exquisite, tight box; the intense pleasure flowing from his manhood throughout his entire body soon making him bite down on his inner cheek to distract himself from cumming as he began to impale his erection into her harder and faster; quickly finding he needed to bite down to the point he felt pain when his ears started to absorb Joan's increasingly louder screams of joy; almost losing it when he heard her cry out lustfully a few minutes later, "Please! Don't stop fucking me! You're going to make me cum soon!"
Gripping Joan's ass even harder with his hands in response, Darrel felt possessed as he started to thrusts his hips forward still harder and faster into Joan's body. Soon, loving the way she braced herself more clearly on all fours, doing this so she could push her body back firmly against him to increase the intensity of their fucking. In time, feeling like a perverted mad man and liking it when he spread her ass cheeks apart so he could more clearly see the tantalizing brown hole of her anus, somehow knowing instinctively that Joan was going to enjoy the heightened stimulus he was about to inflict when he began to insert the first digit of his thumb into her backdoor; thrilled he was right when he heard Joan cry out after doing so, "Oh, fuck! Don't stop!"
Exploding a few moments after these last few words passed through her lips, Joan's orgasm was so powerful she literally felt like she was on the brink of passing out; welcoming yet another one ripping its way through her a few seconds later when she felt Darrel pressing his full weight down on top of her, his act smashing her body between the two men firmly; finding herself grunting like an animal when Darrel started to grind his cock expertly into her depths; the circular motion of his hips moving her body in a way, it helped rub her clitoris firmly against Stephen's muscular stomach which did nothing but enhance her nirvanic release that much more. When she felt Stephen thrusting his tongue into her ear again, the stimulation the two men were inflicting on her, combined with the awareness that she was doing something that couldn't be anymore taboo or hedonistic, she wished desperately that this incredible experience could last forever.
As the minutes passed, Darrel sat back up and continued to alternate his erection's work between slow, soft strokes and hard, brisk ones; the entire time letting himself and Joan enjoy their bodies as fully and enjoyably as possible. In time though, Darrel saw his wife walking over to where he was sitting on the couch, smiling when he saw her boldly running her fingers through Joan's hair as she said to her with mocked anger, "Are you fucking my husband?"
Gasping in response to the question and the unexpected presence of another woman, Joan turned her head to see who was speaking to her, seeing the young, petite blond whom she had enjoyed watching having sex with Darrel earlier now standing beside her, seeing that the woman was still completely naked just like she had been before. Seconds later, despite being hit with a very strong feeling of awkwardness due to the fact that the woman's husband was literally inside her, she couldn't stop herself from gasping lustfully out loud again when she felt him pressing his manhood into her sex a little deeper, wincing when she felt the head of his tool punching at her cervix as he thrust his body into her with some aggressive strokes. Before she could say anything in response however, she felt immense relief when the woman said to her further, "He can make you feel wonderful, can't he?"
Breathless and tired, Joan could only reply with a simple, "Yes!"
Grinning, enjoying the happy, sexually satisfied look in Joan's eyes, knowing her husband had a big part in creating that look, she reached forward and gently caressed the side of Joan's face; her intimate touch expressing a knowing familiarity that made Joan tingle and her heart skip a beat. Looking at her husband, the woman then asked frankly, "Do you want her to make you cum or do you want me to, baby?"
As Darrel continued to slowly work on her pussy with his cock, Joan felt goose bumps rising on her skin as she listened to the couple's conversation, hearing him answer, "Mmm! That's a tough choice sweetheart! This little hotty's pussy is so tight!" After a brief pause, hearing him say further, "But, what would you like Jessica?"
Smiling, Jessica's nipples visibly hardened as she recalled something that happened to her only a few minutes earlier, knowing her husband was going to very much enjoy hearing what she was about to say, "Well, the reason I left earlier was because David said he wanted to talk about something but he actually just wanted to be alone with me so he could have sex with me! He did such a good job seducing me, I let him cum in my pussy!"
Unbeknownst to Joan but known well by Stephen, Darrel had an intense fetish hearing details after the fact, or even better, watching firsthand other men climaxing while buried deep inside his wife's body. Because of this, feeling a rush, Darrel withdrew his erection from Joan's sex and leaned down, kissing her on her back as he said to hear, "You felt incredible Joan! Thank you! Right now though, I need to spend some time with my wife!"
Standing, saying nothing, Darrel leaned down and kissed his wife just before picking her up and aggressively placing her in a seating position on the couch just a foot or two away from Stephen's feet. Almost violently, he then manipulated her body until she was lying before him with her thighs resting to the sides of her torso, his act fully exposing her usually pink but now reddened pussy. Shaking his head thinking how sexy she looked, feeling a thrill knowing it wasn't his but someone else's work that made her vagina look puffy and used, from his excitement he grabbed hold of his penis and pressed the head of his cock directly against her beckoning pink hole. Just as quickly, impaling the full length of his tool into his wife's slippery box; both gasping out loud from the welcomed, familiar pleasure that always came when their bodies locked together; both gasping and moaning almost uncontrollably as Darrel proceeded to pound his way into his wife like a jackhammer.
Rolling over slightly so she could rest on her side yet still lying on top of Stephen, Joan watched the couple's heated lovemaking enraptured; her eyes soon focusing on Darrel's ebony shaft rhythmically sliding in and out of his wife's sex, finding herself very much admiring the contrast of their skin as she continued to watch; feeling a chill when she realized other's in the room may have been thinking the same exact thing when Darrel had been fucking her. A few moments later, nodding her head in agreement when she heard Stephen say to her, "That's a beautiful thing to watch, isn't?" Soon, feeling a tingle when she heard him ask next, "Would you like me to do you like that right next to them?"
Seeing Joan smile was all the encouragement Stephen needed. Feeling a powerful urge for his own release, he sat up and proceeded to place Joan in the exact same position Jessica was in. Before placing himself inside her though, he didn't care what Joan would think when placed his head a few feet away from her vagina, allowing a long strand of his saliva to drool out of his mouth until all of it landed directly on top of her pussy, doing this both to arouse himself but also to make her even wetter for his penetration; gasping when he leaned into her a few seconds later, watching wide eyed as his manhood once again disappeared into her essence; grunting when the warmth of her sex embraced not only his penis but his entire body again.
For several minutes, those around them who were watching were given a spectacle of passion; seeing the men's buttock muscles contracting with each fast and furious inward stroke; seeing the woman's feet flapping in the air when the men's bodies slammed into them; hearing grunts and groans; the smell of sex quickly permeating the air.
Eventually, as Darrel began to focus more on the reality that his wife's wetness was due not only to her natural lubrication but also because another man's semen was mixed in as well, he finally cried out, "You're going to make me cum, baby!"
Wanting desperately for her husband to explode just as she had done several times this night herself, Jessica said to him hungrily, "Cum on my face baby! I want to taste you!"
Pushed over the edge by her words, Darrel pulled his cock out of his wife's body and quickly stood on the seat of the couch. Squatting in front of her, stroking on his penis like a madman, he started to grunt loudly as he began to cum, his semen shooting out of his tool with explosive spurts. Gasping as his orgasm continued to rip its way though him, he watched transfixed as every drop of his white seed landed on his wife's beautiful face until his balls ran dry. Shaking in recovery, staring at his wife, he felt a sharp chill from the visual before him, admiring the sight of a thick glob of his cream now hanging just off the left side of her nose, another copious patch of his semen pooled to the right of her upper lip; sighing when he watched his wife guiding the cum resting beside her nose directly into her mouth, doing the same exact thing to the portion that was pooled above her lip. His lust and love for his wife making him say to her, "Baby! You have no idea how sexy you are when you do that for me!"
Smiling, although she loved her husband's words, because she was still caught up in the eroticism with what she was doing, as she licked her fingers she stared into his eyes and said, "I'll never get tired of tasting your cum, baby!"
To the side, watching Jessica's continued efforts to collect more of her husband's seed that was splattered on her face so she could savor it in her mouth, Stephen slowed his thrusts into Joan as he said to her, "You're such a kinky woman, Jessica! I love it when you eat your man's cum like that!"
Without missing a beat, Jessica replied, "I thought you loved it more when it'syourcum that's on my face!"
"True! So true! You've got me there!" Stephen said with a grin, happy memories quickly running through his mind.
Listening, savoring the way Stephen gradually withdrew then slowly pressed his penis deep into her body again, Joan found herself very much enjoying the visual of Darrel's cum splashed all over Jessica's face. She bit down on her lip a second later though when she heard Jessica say next, "Are you going to do the same thing with your friend so we can watch?"
Staring at Joan, Stephen looked intoxicated, his voice shaking when he said, "I don't know!" As he looked hungrily into her eyes, he followed, "Would you let me do that?"
Feeling an extremely intense thrill, feeling a strong since of power over Stephen knowing she had control over what would happen next, after thinking for a brief moment, she purposely played a familiar game with him when she boldly replied with a shaky voice herself, "Are you asking me if you can cum on my face?"
Groaning, Stephen immediately answered, "Yeah! I want to explode all over your beautiful face!" Before his words were finished leaving his mouth, he was already starting to thrust his manhood in and out of Joan's pussy with increasing hunger. In a short period of time, holding her tightly with his hands as he pounded his way into her almost violently.
Moaning from the blissful pleasure, a part of her hoping they would never stop their heated fucking but knowing therewouldbe a next time, Joan forced herself to say to him, "Go ahead! Cum for me! I want you to feel as good as you've made me!" Uncontrollably, she then gasped with pure desire, feeling desperate for Stephen to experience the joy of release.
Hit with tunnel vision, Stephen said nothing the moment he knew couldn't go on any further. Withdrawing his penis from Joan's body, he pulled on her neck in a way that instructed her to kneel before him, thrilled beyond words when he saw her settle on her knees right in front of him. Reaching down and gripping a handful of her hair firmly but far from painfully, feeling ravenous with lust, feeling possessed, he started masturbating as fast as he could, soon crying out, "Open your mouth for me sweetheart! Please!"
Feeling just as hedonistic as Stephen was, Joan didn't hesitate for a second when she opened her mouth and held out her tongue, bracing herself by resting her hands on his thighs. The only thing she wanted at that moment was to feel Stephen explode; even more, she felt nothing but a primal craving to taste his cum.
Exploding, Stephen felt like he was going to pass out from the mind-blowing intensity of his release, feeling like he was being injected him with heroin as he watched his semen flying out of his tool, his thick seed landing in countless, long strands across Joan's amazing face; wincing when he saw large pools of his cum rapidly coating almost the entire surface of her delicious, pink tongue. When he finally finished, feeling like he had climaxed for an hour, he sighed as he studied the awesome beauty of his cream now gleaming on Joan's face. A few seconds later, knowing he would never forget what he was witnessing, he watched wide-eyed as Joan took back in her outstretched tongue, moaning when he watched her swallow every single drop of his cum that had landed in her mouth; feeling weak a short time later when she opened her mouth and playfully wiggled her tongue, seeing her giggle with pride from what she had just done.
Still savoring the salty taste of Stephen's semen in her mouth, Joan couldn't stop herself from softly laughing, doing so when she was hit with a feeling of empowerment mixed with an odd but welcomed sense of accomplishment that she was being a "bad girl", something she had secretly wanted to be many times in her life. Welcoming the emotion, as she started to run the pads of her thumbs over her clinched eyes to remove Stephen's cum, she suddenly felt him stepping away from her. Just as suddenly though, she felt someone grabbing her, feeling what she knew was another man almost throwing her into a sitting position on the couch before boldly placed himself between her legs, the man's aggression instantly alarming her both by the knowledge she couldn't yet open her eyes because of the burning sting she knew would come if Stephen's semen got in, but even more, she wasn't giving this person her consent to play with her. Because of this, she reflexively announced, "No! Please, not right now!" Before she could say anything further however, she was awashed with comforting joy when she heard a familiar voice say to her, "You're the most amazing, gorgeous, sexiest woman I know!"
After swiftly clearing Stephen's cum from her eyes, Joan opened them and smiled happily when she felt her husband sliding his penis into her body; sighing when she felt him starting to thrust his hips back and forth, welcoming the familiarity of his body in her's. Within seconds though, it dawned on her that Stephen's cum was still splattered all over her face. As she reached up with her hands so she could remove his fluids however, she felt a rush when she heard Brent say to her, "Leave it! You look so fucking beautiful! I can't believe what I saw you do tonight! Every second of it drove me absolutely crazy!"
Grunting when Brent began to slam his body into her wildly, Joan raised her feet into the air as she reached around his body with her hands, gripping his ass firmly so she could encourage his incoming thrusts. Soon, as she looked deep into her lover's eyes, whimpering, "I love you, baby!" Emphasizing this when she wrapped her legs around him, locking her ankles to keep him buried inside her.
Moaning, feeling every nerve in his body was about to fire, Brent replied, "I'll always be yours, Joan!"
Crying out in ecstasy a few seconds later, Brent began to cum, happily filling his wife's pussy with his seed; the visual of her face now sweaty, flushed and drenched with another man's cum giving him one of the most powerful orgasms he had ever experienced in his life.
For Joan, feeling Brent exploding inside her felt incredible. So much so, although it was not as strong as the other's she had had this night, she happily enjoyed yet another orgasm; loving more then anything that was she cumming pleasurably with her husband.
As Joan and Brent stared at each other lovingly after their release, each relishing not only the moment at hand but everything that had happened this incredible night, both began to laugh from embarrassment when they heard unexpected applause from all of the people who had been watching them. Both smiling at Stephen when he said to them, "You two are so much fun!" After a pause so all of them could continue savoring the moment, he eventually added, "This night's not over though! But first, how 'bout we slip away so we can take a shower before round two?"
To be continued....