Tony's big hard cock pulsed a couple feet from her face. Alicia's playful laughter turned to shock. The sudden rush of adrenaline cleared the drunken fog from her eyes as she focused sharply on the enormous cock, "Holy shit, that's impressive," she almost shouted. The laughter from the others in the room was more muted than usual because everyone was in awe of Tony's unusually impressive member. Alicia, however, was mesmerized, and lost track of time. Was it 10 seconds; maybe 2 minutes? She couldn't tell how long it'd been when she realized her mouth was gaped open and that cock seemed to have creeped mighty close to it. Rather than closing it, she used the fan of cards in her hands to cover her mouth, because, at that moment, leaving it wide open with a giant cock that close was an instinct that fully enveloped her.
Alicia, you see, had just responded to Tony's, "...well then, suck my dick!" with the witty retort, "Okay...then whip it out!"
So there she was, staring at it, noting that Tony's cock was one of the most beautiful she'd ever seen, completely shaven, circumcised, smooth and at least twice as big as her husband Steve's 'who has a respectable cock,' Alicia thought to herself.
The more she looked at it the harder it made Tony. He thought this was it, his best friend's hot trophy wife was going to suck his dick. He eagerly pushed pointing the tip directly at her mouth, "go ahead beautiful, I whipped it out, now you need to suck my dick!"
Alicia was acutely aware her mouth was more than ready, and that realization made her giggle like a schoolgirl at the absurdity of the situation. There she was eager to suck her husband's best friend's gorgeous cock, while Steve, her husband, was passed out two floors above them. The sounds of nervous but excited laughter from around the table filled her ears and made her giggle even more.
***********
This was the third time in three month's (the third consecutive time Alicia and Steve were the hosts) that Steve drank too much at the boy's weekly poker night. The third time he threw up and need to go to bed early. The last two times, Alicia tended to Steve in their room for the rest of the night while the guys continued playing cards in the basement long into the evening, as was accustom with or without Steve. However, that night was different, Steve wouldn't leave the game until Alicia came down to the basement and took his place. Steve, you see, believed he was on a winning streak and, "I have the hand of a lifetime," he shouted at Alicia before throwing up in a bucket.
At first Alicia was steadfast; there was no way she wanted to join the game. For one, she just had a hit of weed and was feeling pretty loopy, but secondly, as instructed, she was still dressed to tease and was wearing very little. Alicia is an exhibitionist, and Steve a voyeur so he encourages her to show off whenever the boys come over, and she's more than willing to do it.
So when the boys arrived earlier that day, and as was the custom, they were greeted by Steve's hot skimpily dressed sex goddess, and wow, that day was extra special. Alicia was sunning in the backyard wearing a tiny white bikini, basically made of 3 tiny pieces of cloth and string, that also turns transparent when wet. That was way more of her skin showing than the boys had ever seen...shit, it was more revealing than she'd worn any beach. So the boys, as always, spent time chatting it up, laughing, and flirting until Steve decided it's game time, which was usually prompted by Dan who would start saying sexually inappropriate things.
Not that Alicia minded. She'd always been attracted to Dan's possessive, bad boy persona. They, in fact, got hot and heavy one night at a local bar in the stall of the men's room. Before she met Steve, of course. She was really drunk and horny from the teasing on the dancefloor and she let him pull her in there. They got as far as jerking each other off, and she remembered him being really strong, forceful, and aggressive (almost the opposite of Steve). It frightened her as much as it excited her. She'll never forget the exhilaration when the unprotected head of Dan's cock rubbed along the length of her wet pussy lips and lining up for entry. But it wasn't meant to be as a bouncer burst in and broke them up. To that day she's pretended not to remember and has never acknowledged to Dan that it happened.
Yes, Alicia thrived on the attention of men and gets off flirting and teasing, and Steve's dick always got rock hard watching his friend's drool over his young, hot 25 year old wife. He always made sure she looked like a perfect sex doll. Before his friends arrived, Steve gave her a full body massage, applying ample amounts of coconut oil, made sure she had several orgasms, which was easy because she was so wound up about wearing that bikini for the boys. He carefully supervised and assisted the perfect placement of the tight tiny pieces of material of her bikini until practically nothing was left to the imagination. "Perfect," he announced proudly, "you look so fucking hot!"
Alicia wasn't bashful, she, like most gorgeous women, she knew she was hot, and most of the time, she loved the attention it got her. She especially loved that her husband got off on her fetish too, she though that was really hot. So earlier that day Steve left her alone with the boys and watched his wife through the kitchen window stand up, and, at the request of the boys, slowing strut a 360 turn, he was afraid he'd done too good of a job dressing her. From a his perspective in the kitchen he realized his wife was basically naked. Not only had he dressed he like a stripper, but she was out there flirting and showing off just like a stripper does before charging for lap dances and bouncing on their hard cocks.
Steve heard Dan talking about sliding his dick between her ass cheeks and quickly called for the game to start through the window. His heart pounded in his head as he watched her step up, one at a time, to each guy, giving them a warm, tight hug that lasted a bit too long. So long, in fact, Steve had his cock out jerking off furiously by the second hug. Dan took the last hug, of course, and Steve watched his wife's perfect, basically naked ass facing him and Dan's hands resting in the small of her back with a couple fingers pushing the line of decency. Instead of the usual separation ending, Dan held Alicia tightly around the waist her only option was to leaned back so they were face to face. Dan's big fingers turned down with the position change making contact with more of her ass as he pulled her closer to him. They started talking like that and Steve saw Alicia was constantly tensing her ass and bounce a few times with laugher as they spoke. The idea that Dan was rubbing his hard cock against Alicia's belly was too much and made him cum all over the kitchen sink.
He recovered quickly and called out again for the game to begin, adding, "and cut that out Danny, you don't think I see you? She's a married woman, ya know?"
*********
But that was outside, when everyone was sober, on their best behavior and Steve was around to keep Dan and the boys from molesting her. At the poker game standing beside her sick, vomiting husband, she was dressed to tease because, he had her slip over her bikini a tight, translucent pink, shoulder less dress with an open back that barely covered her ass. She was nervous about staying without her husband while dressed like that until she caught Tony staring at her ass. She chastised him and said that's why she shouldn't stay. But everyone laughed about it then assured her she'd be okay, nobody would touch, they assured her and Steve, only stare. That made everyone laugh, she suddenly relaxed, felling reassured that she'd be safe. Besides, she didn't just like the idea of wearing so little in a room with a bunch of drunk, hunky guys staring at her body, she loved it.
So, Alicia let her exhibitionist side choose to stay. "But first," she commanded, "first, you boys get my wonderful, winning but sick husband to bed." So, they took a short break while Tony and Dan helped her get Steve into bed. Alicia briefly stayed with Steve, feeling badly for her sick man, and privately, a little worried he may have a drinking problem. Alone together, she asked him one more time, was sure he wanted her to leave him and to hang out with the boys?
Steve, acting annoyed, drunkenly fondled her tit and then pushed her away, "you gotta go," he slurred, "you're gonna win, baby, and you look fuckin hot!" he complimented making her feel good, "Hot enough to distract those mother fuckers and win big!"
Alicia took a deep breath, looked at her reflection in the mirror and adjusted her dress. Yeah...she looked hot alright, and a little slutty, but showing off was her thing, Steve had put her in this situation definitely dressed to tease. Images of the guys staring at her body made her nipples hard and she watched them grow almost grow big and push out the dress. "Oh my god..." she bemused out loud, "I can't believe Steve will miss this."
***************
And so... Alicia got to it, and sure enough, Steve's prediction came true. She was on a winning streak! She was also getting very drunk and beginning to have the time of her life. There was lots of laughter, flirtation, and tons of sexual inuendo. She not only played he game but used her skills as cocktail waitress to strut around making and serving drinks. To her delight the tiny bikini bottom was not designed to manage all the movement, and quickly bunched up becoming a thong. Alicia believed there were a few advantages to being drunk, one was that she could act drunk and use the "sorry, I must be drunk excuse". Like when she got up and didn't notice right away, or sometimes at all, that her dress had ridden up in the back and her ass was on display. Yes, she made certain the guys had lots of time to stare at her 'thong' covered ass.
About an hour in, Tony volunteered to check on Steve. His report? Steve was passed out and snoring laughably loud.
It was the knowledge Steve was out of the picture when everyone started to relaxed and get a little more comfortable. For the next short while, the music got turned up, less game was played, more shots were done, and a lot more flirting as Alicia also started to loosen up. Playing sexy cocktail waitress instead of playing poker meant Alicia was moving or standing in and around the guys sitting at the table. Not only did it offer her the opportunity to give them close up unobstructed views of her body, but the close proximity equally gave the boys ample opportunity to get handsy. Nothing aggressive at first, mostly small cops of her legs, ass, or the occasional arm that would get draped across her shoulder so a hand might 'innocently' brush against her boobs. To their astonishment she mostly ignored the touches or sometimes even laughed it off. The gradual but mesmerizing transformation Alicia was displaying, from innocent tease to drunk horny slut was making all the guys very hard and motivated them to get bolder.
Dan, of course, was the first to slip his hand under her shirt and gently grope the bare skin of her ass. She just froze as the advance, expectedly aggressive, sent electric bolts through her body and to her nipples. Tony witnessed them grow instantly hard and poke out dark nubs through their translucent cover, "Woah, fucking crazy," he declared pointing them out. Alicia smirked at their gaping mouths and proudly stood her ground fully enjoying the rush of being publicly groped and ogled at the same time.
Dan's fortune was soon to be everyone's fortune as Alicia agree that everyone had to get equal time copping a feel and a groping game commenced. "Only one rule, you can only touch my ass, only touch my ass," Alicia declared feeling like a Queen Slut, commanding her ass groping minions. It wasn't the first time since she'd married Steve that guys had groped her ass. Steve, on several occasions either encouraged her let other men touch her, or, worse yet, gave her ass away by permitting men to grope it. It was a game they'd started playing a little more than a year earlier that had been generating lots of new exotic experiences.
Alicia reasoned, Steve would have been loving this and been all about this game, 'if he'd not gotten so stinking drunk, he'd be here too, groping my ass with the boys,' she believed. So, in her mind, Alicia was doing nothing wrong, just living the moment as Steve always encouraged her to do, especially when drinking. And... as was turning out, 'being an absolute tease, almost naked in a room of four guys with bulging pants, constantly staring at me, flirting with me, and groping my ass, is just as fucking erotic as I ever imagined.'
**************
Tony, with his hard cock in her face was more than ready for Alicia to fulfill her cock sucking obligation. He grabbed the wrist not holding her cards and pulled it until the back of her fingers were touching the shaft of his hard cock. The laughter that had filled the room trailed off to silence. Instinctively, her fingers wrapped around it; the skin was warm and soft, but his cock was like steel underneath her cold fingers. She gripped if firmly and couldn't resist pumping it hard and fast, and then slow and steady, yanking it from the balls all the way to the head. She was grinning ear to ear, giggled, and licked her lips still hidden behind the cards held in her other hand. She was fascinated by the awesome size, observing how it would take both hands for her to fully wrap around it. Her heart raced wildly as she imagined what this monster would feel like inside her mouth, or better yet, deep inside her pussy. Her nipples were so hard they ached to be touched and her pussy was completely soaked with excitement, "go ahead," Tony laughed, "it's really fucking obvious you want to suck it."
He was right, it was obvious! But Alicia wasn't done teasing, or, winning the game. Alicia decided to fight off the drunken slut sitting at the surface of her skin, and that slut's crazed desire to see how much of Tony's cock she could fit in her mouth. Instead... Alicia mustered all the strength she could gather and diffused the situation. "You have a nice cock, Tony," she said struggling to let go of it, "...okay...it's fucking gorgeous...but...I need you to sit the fuck down, I'm a married woman, and I'm going to win this game...so... stop trying to distract me."
Tony drew her attention to her nipples, "Looks like it's working," he laughed. His cock swung dangerously close to Alicia's face as he followed her instructions and clumsily kicked his pants away and sat. Alicia took a big sigh of relief while covering her nipples in a moment of modesty. She laughed out loud seeing all the men's eyes follow her hands. Feeling naughty Alicia instinctively squeezed her breasts serving to heighten the sexual tension. 'I'm in fucking exhibitionist heaven,' Alicia couldn't help gloating to herself. It felt so good, and so naughty fondling her breasts and being slutty for the boys. It was working too, because the boys were no longer trying to hide the fact that Tony's wasn't the only hard cock in the room.
Somewhere, deep down in her brain Alicia knew she should have felt fear being surrounded by four horny men. Normally, a situation like this would have put her in a fight or flight response and she would have left long ago. But she was drunk, and when drunk, even she knew she turned into a complete slut, so she felt no fear, just pure lust, and was loving every second of it.
Her pussy tingled and was constantly drenching itself. It reminded her of how she felt on her last vacation with Steve when playing their new game. She was drunk and Steve was making her horny. He'd been encouraging her to flirt with two guys at a club and eventual they came back to the hotel with Alicia and Steve. It was in the elevator going up to the hotel room she felt the same intense level of lust and excitement. She was already wound up from hours of flirting and teasing, she'd already lost her panties and bra when sandwiched between the guys in the backseat of the taxi while hubby and the driver watched the guys remove her undergarments and grope her from the front seat. As soon as the elevator doors closed she was and sandwiched being kissing, groped, while they pulled at her dress and exposed her body to Steve, and, to the old man that had gotten in with them at the ground floor. When she saw the old man straining to see what was happening between her legs, Alicia's exhibitionist side forced her to spread her legs wider so he could see the fingers thrusting in her wet pussy. When the elevator doors opened on the old man's floor the rush and risk of being further exposed sent her to the edge of orgasm.
"I may have pushed the wrong floor," the old man laughed coyly choosing to watch and letting the doors close. The stimulus overwhelmed Alicia and pushed her over the edge making her come long and hard. Her orgasm subsided just as the door opened again, this time on their floor. The old man laughed as the four of them stubble out. Alicia looked down and saw her dress was pulled up to her waist and pushed down past her boobs, basically she stood in the hall naked. She could only laugh back at the old man, and, as the doors closed she blew him a kiss.
And that's exactly how slutty she was feeling at that very moment; stimulated to the max and completely horny!
"Man," Jerry spoke up without taking his eyes of her chest, "You've got to show us your tits; you've got the most incredible tits."
"Just because Tony's naked," Alicia retorted, "Doesn't mean I'm getting naked."
"Well, what if I get naked" Jerry, the body builder said. Jerry, the guy who everyone, even men, want to see naked. Alicia laughed out loud because Jerry didn't wait for an answer, he just quickly stripped off all of his clothes and then stood at the table stoking his hard cock, "There...now it's your turn."
"Your fucking nuts," Alicia gasped feeling her face turn yet another shade of red. "Of course Jerry has a great fucking body," she professed the obvious, 'and,' she secretly admired, 'a beautiful cock that looks just like Steve's.'
And then it happened again, Alicia lost time. The next thing she knew all four guys were standing at the table completely naked stroking their hard cocks and staring at her absent mindedly squeezing her tits!
'Oh my god,' the tiny drunk brain inside her head shouted, 'have I died and gone to heaven?' The boys cheered her on encouraging her to strip too.
Alicia knew she should have just left; gotten the fuck out of there, gone upstairs to be with her sick husband, but she was very drunk and very turned on. Her pussy was soaking wet and her slut side was telling her to stay, 'At least enjoy the view' she reasoned, noting 3 very beautiful cocks and 'one perfectly formed god like, man's man, fucking gorgeous cock!'
************
What Alicia didn't know was these boys, these friends of her husband's had been plotting against her all night. These buddies of theirs heard about the guys Steve 'allowed' to groped her, and all about the 4 times Steve shared her with other men. . Unfortunately for her, when Steve got drunk enough, too drunk to remember, they'd easily coax the stories out of him. Stories like the time Steve watched her being fucked by those two guys from the club, one guy pounding her ass and the other her pussy. He told them how he mostly watch, but whenever he felt like it would shove his cock in her face and she'd always eagerly suck it, "just like an expert porn star drooling like an insatiable slut that couldn't get enough cock." Steve's words exactly. "But," Steve whispered several times to them in confidence, "she'll only do it if she's really drunk. It's when she's drunk that she gets uncontrollably horny and will do anything, and I mean anything, I tell her."
Since she married Steve 3 years earlier, his three buddies regularly talked about how hot and sexy Alicia was, all about her gorgeous girl next door face, her petite body, perfect heart shaped ass, and firm oversized tits. They loved that she always dressed, really sexy, showing lots of skin, and how she's always happy and an insatiable flirt. Between Tony or Dan's wife, and any of Greg's girlfriends, she was hands down the hottest.
Then a few month's earlier Steve, smashed as usual at a game night, let it slip. After the guys learning she would turn into a slut when drunk, talk about her with turned into what if scenarios. Like if he shared her with the four of them? Or, what if they got her drunk, could they get her to turn into a slut.
Unfortunately, those conversations were just that, fantasy; no one ever thought it could happen, except for Dan.
You see, to Dan, it was because she started dating Steve that he missed his opportunity to fuck Alicia and he never stopped regretting it. They had planned to hook up the day after Steve's first date; but it wasn't to be. Since that time, it had become an obsession for Dan who constantly prayed for another opportunity. And then there it was, plain as day, the new knowledge Alicia was a slut when drunk. His faith grew strong and he believed it was only a matter of time that he'd finally get to, 'fuck that sweet ass bitch.' He was more than motivated to make it happen so he took matters into his own hands, and for the last 3 game nights at Steve's house, he had secretly slipped him Ambien by mixing in his third of fourth beer. The anticipation of his evil but genius plan working had kept his dick super hard for almost a month. It hadn't been since the first year he discovered masturbation as a teenager that he'd jerked off so much. But images of his cock buried in every nook, crevice and hole of that 'sweet angels body,' obsessed in his brain.
Only, the first two times his plan didn't work. Alicia had just gone up to bed with Steve and that was it, opportunity over. He knew he needed to bring someone else in...but not the drugging Steve part. Of course, he knew that was wrong on so many levels and that the others would not appreciate the cunning of his plan, like him... This time, however, Dan pulled Tony into his scheme convincing him to make sure Steve was on a winning streak. He reasoned that if Steve got sick again but was winning, perhaps he'd want to convince Alicia to stay and play, and then maybe they could get her drunk, "nudge, nudge, wink, wink."
And...as you now know... all stars aligned; Alicia stayed, Steve passed out, Alicia got drunk, low and behold, Alicia definitely turns slutty when drunk. His diabolical plan was playing out perfectly.
****************
"Your all fucking nuts; FUCKING NUTS," Alicia scolded squeezing her legs together to put some much-needed pressure on her throbbing clit, "I'm going to win this hand and then leave you naked men to suck each other's..." she took a deep breath and a moment to get a good look, "...beautiful dicks...So...I'm asking you politely to sit the fuck down and let's finish this fucking game."
The guys sat, grumbling with disappointment, while Alicia giggled uncontrollably. It was so funny to her how the guys kept one hand around their cock, occasionally squeezing and jerking it to keep it hard. She rolled her eye and then focused on Tony's. He wasn't holding his cock, she noticed, obviously he didn't need to touch it for it to stay hard. She was very impressed how rock hard it stayed and followed it as it walked to the bar to get everyone another double vodka shot. Only in porn movies, she took note, had she seen a cock that big and that beautiful. It was making her mouth water.
She was distracted by Dan shuffling around, leaning over the side of his chair and retrieving his pants from the floor. He fumbled through the pockets and retrieved his wallet. Then...oh...there it was again... standing right beside her, that perfect huge, tall, and hard prick wiggling around as it's owner put out another round of shots. Alicia couldn't resist the temptation and caressed the shape of his smooth bare ass. "Fair is fair," she laughed finally groping the strong firm globes. She was fascinated by the way that cock twitched in reaction to her groping. Tony was loving having his ass groped and stood proud of his enormous dick and let her get a good feel.
Dan watched the beautiful spectacle of the tables turning, of Alicia groping one of the guys, "one step closer," he convinced himself. He raised his glass and shouted, "Well chaps?" Cueing the boys to recite one of their favorite Irish limericks,
"There once was a fellow McSweeny
Who spilled some gin on his weenie
Just to be couth
He added vermouth
Then slipped his girlfriend a martini."
They laughed, toasted Alicia and the guys downed their shots.
What Alicia didn't know was all the boys were in on a game to get her naked and hopefully more, so, the boys had switched to drinking only water, and those shots? They were only water. Alicia's glass was the only one filled with vodka.
Dan pulled a bunch of money from his wallet and counted. He then picked up his cash from the table, put it all together and slammed it in the middle of the table, "I'll raise $500," he said in a highly excited almost comical tone, "in case you're short..." he squeaked making everyone laugh. Dan swallowed, cleared his throat, lowered his voice, and repeated "In case you're short on cash, I accept all women's clothing, presently worn, in the form of a strip tease, for a whopping $100 an item." Dan smirked ear to ear because while all the last shenanigans were going on he had looked at her hand, then dealt himself a better hand, he was confident that she was definitely getting naked.
All of Alicia's winnings were already in the pot and she only had twenty-two dollars left, 12 ones and two fives. She shook her head, totally amused and totally turned on by the extremes these guys were going to just to get her naked. She counted her clothing, a bikini, shirt, and flipflops; five items, $500.
Tony folded; it was her turn.
Alicia was feeling more confident than she should've as she picked up her vodka shot, "Assholes," she scowled. She slammed the shot, even though she knew she was drunk enough without it. She studied her hand; a straight flush 5 to 10, a really good hand. There was now over $1200 in the pot, which not only made it the biggest bet of the night, but the biggest bet ever at the boy's poker night.
Alicia excitedly glanced around at the hungry eyes and naked men staring lustfully at her. She totally believed she would win the hand. The best hand anyone had come up with all night was a full house and it was her hand. "Fine assholes...all ya'all fucking horny assholes," she slurred speaking in a slang she never uses. "I'm a'gonna win, ya'all mutha fuckers" she boldly declared wagging a finger in the air. Taking a deep breath Alicia shook her head, "I call!"
Dan smiled ear to ear as he lay down his straight flush 6 to Jack...all eyes turned to Alicia...
The sudden the realization that she was going to have to strip for her husband's friends made her head spin. 'At least I can blame it on being drunk', she thought as she threw her cards face down on the table, "I guess you fuckin' guys really know how to get what you fuckin want," Alicia protested nervously.
Tom and Greg wasted no time and moved the coffee table in front of the room couch that was next to where they were playing cards. Tom and Greg then sat in the couch, and Dan and Tony turned their chairs with their backs to Alicia. And there it was... a small dance floor surrounded by, "4 hard cocks...I mean naked men...fuck, my husband's best friends," She muttered under her breath.
Alicia felt her pussy suddenly gush again, but this time it came with the realization that the bikini, by design, would be transparent. 'I couldn't be more ready to be naked for an audience' she thought knowing that earlier that day she'd had a Brazilian wax session at the spa. She was confident that all her bits would be clean and smooth, and, with the rubdown she'd gotten from Steve earlier, everything would be soft to the touch.
"OK," she finally said breaking the silence, "but as soon as I'm naked you guys have to go."
"No way," Tony said stroking the length of his huge cock, "we have a couple more hours of game time left, and I want to win my money back. It's time to pay up, sexy, so start dancing and strip slowly for us, and take your time. Then back to the game."
Alicia knew she was too drunk and way too excited about being naked in a room with these particular four men. They all worked out with Steve, they were all in great shape and, as she now knew, all of them were well hung; 'well...except for Tony's cock, Tony's cock is just massive,' she giggled to herself steeling another look at it.
Dan shuffled through his iPhone and a good dance song started to play. Everyone egged her on. Alicia took a deep breath, stood up a little unsteadily on her feet, and seductively gyrated her hips. The guys all cheered and applauded.
'It's pretty surreal to be seductively pulling off my shirt while dancing in the middle of 4 naked men,' Alicia thought. The way they hungrily stared at her body making no eye contact made her feel really dirty. She was so hot that even the act of pushing her tits together made her pussy throb. The guys showed their approval with hoots and hollers giving Alicia the courage she needed to continue. Of course, the guys were not shy about groping her ass, and, since precedent was set, she let it slide. In fact, she loved the feeling of strong rough hands mauling her ass.
Again...time moved without her awareness and Alicia found herself topless in Tony's lap grinding her bikini covered pussy up and down his big hard shaft. Tony's hands were mauling her tits and she was on the verge of a tremendous orgasm, but she wasn't ready to cum. Alicia pushed hard against Tony's big shoulders breaking herself free from his grasp and her orgasm.
The guys were waving dollar bills when she danced over to Greg. She put her hands on his hips (dangerously close to his raging hard on), and leaned forward pushing her tits into his face. Greg cupped her tits and instantly went to work squeezing them and sucking her nipples. What Alicia wasn't prepared for was the feeling of his tongue combined with the feeling of the head of his hard cock bouncing against her stomach. The combination threw her over the edge and she came hard, falling fully against Greg. Greg totally took advantage and flattened his body against hers pushing his hard cock into her thrusting pelvis and sucked hard on her nipples. Alicia squirmed and wiggled trying to recover as quickly as possible, but the heat from his body and the sweat from hers made the sudden full body contact overwhelmingly erotic slippery and wet, it again pushed her right into another orgasm. Greg gently lifted Alicia's quivering body by her tits until his cock fell out between her legs. He then lowered her back down until the head of his cock covered by her bikini pushed up inside her open pussy.
Alicia was desperate to responded by spreading her legs and pushing down against it and letting it slide deep inside her. But her will was strong and she wasn't ready to be fucked. It took all her might and power to literally throw herself to the floor where she stayed on her hands and knees until her orgasm subsided. She could hear the guys whispering "don't push her like that...ya, just let her do her thing...she's so fucking hot...the hottest of all our wives... how far do you think she'll go...what about Steve..."
"It's only cheating if we fuck" Alicia laughed at herself knowing it was a total lie. 'Just grinding on hard naked cocks and letting the guys fondle me certainly qualifies as cheating,' she admitted to herself. On some level she knew this situation could easily get out of hand, but her drunk mind told her, 'just be more careful... you can handle these guys'.
Time jumped again and found herself with several bills in one hand, and a shot of vodka in the other. She was standing in front of Tony who was waving a fifty dollar bill, "gimme another lap dance, gorgeous" he was so sweetly pleaded wearing a mile long grin across his handsome face. She couldn't resist his request, slammed the shot, toss the empty glass to Dan, and snatched up the fifty. Alicia, in full on stripper mode, put her hands on his knees, puckered her lips, slowing lowered her face inches away from his perfectly hard cock. She seductively blew up the length of Tony's beautiful big cock making her mouth water seeing it twitch and jump in response to her breath, 'maybe it's trying to jump into her mouth' she imagined. She turned quickly facing away and pushed her ass into his lap feeling the huge, hard hot cock slip effortlessly between her cheek until was stopped by her pussy. Tony matched her pressure pushing the length of his cock up until thy both felt her wet pussy lips open and wrap around the shaft of his cock.
"Oh my fucking god...," Alicia shouted out quickly looking down between her legs and realizing in shock, she wasn't wearing her bottoms, she was butt ass naked! She looked around the room and all eyes were between her legs watching her rubbing her soaked naked pussy up and down the outer shaft of Tony's cock making it slippery wet from the head to his balls. "It's got to be twice the size of Steve's...oh fuck...it feels really fucking good!" Everyone in the room burst out laughing making her realize she'd just said that last bit out loud!
She felt Tony pull down until the head of his cock lined up perfectly for it's entrance into her pussy. Everyone could see that they were both wet enough and full penetration was possible. 'It's only cheating if we fuck' repeated over and over in her head as she felt his enormous head begin to stretch her pussy. Alicia grew strong and shifted her hips so his cock slipped behind her and then dropped down until it was resting like a warm wet baseball bat throbbing along her entire spine. Her head fell back against his muscular chest as his hands slid over her shoulders and explored the shape of her breasts. The motion of their bodies moving together made her feel totally engaged and sexually connected; 'almost as good as fucking,' she laughed.
Alicia became aware of her audience and spread her knees wide so her moist pink pussy opened like a flower for them to see. As she buried her fingers deep in her pussy her lust was complete. All the sensations combined in perfect harmony; Tony's huge cock thrusting and throbbing in her back, his hands on her tits, her fingers inside her wet pussy all while three men watched and jerked off. Alicia thrust her pelvis up between Tony's knees; she wanted the whole world to see her cum. .
Like it was someone else's voice, she heard herself moan, then swear, and then scream loud enough to wake her passed out husband. She flew into the most intense orgasm of her life that just would not stop. For several minutes she felt her body stiffen as her pussy pulsed and squirt cum that soaked the floor at her feet. The more she felt herself squirt the harder her fingers flew making her do it again and again.
Just as her climax began to fade she felt something hot and wet land across her chest. Alicia opened her eyes to see Greg, standing over her; he was cumming, jerking off onto her tits. As she looked around all three guys were standing above her jerking off. She closed her eyes and for a while and got off to the sounds of their grunts, moans and of vigorously rubbing flesh together. Not being able to contain herself Alicia soon reached out to helped Dan and Tom orgasm and spray their cum across her tits and stomach.
Time jumped again, and Alicia was on her knees between Tony's legs stroking the length of his big cock in her hands. She was amazed that she could get even more excited just by the feel of it in her hands. "Trust me," he said making her very suspicious, "I won't take long, just suck it a little," he pleaded. It was too beautiful for her to resist and without thinking she suddenly found herself sucking on the head of the biggest cock she had ever had in her mouth.
She looked up into Tony's eyes and then at the others staring at her sucking on the head of that massive cock. She'd never felt more like a slut as she stared back at the guys while cramming a huge cock into in her mouth; she wanted the guys to see that she could take it all so she bobbed and drooled and choked like a professional porn start making all the guys hard again. But to Alicia's disappointment it proved to be way too big. "I'm going to cum," Tony soon announced and Alicia was delighted when he held down the back of her head and he came long and hard into her warm mouth.
Time jumped again. They were back at the table laughing and joking, drinking more shots; everyone was still naked, still playing with themselves and her torso was crusty with cum. Dan was telling a story about watching his wife (then classmate) being gang banged in a collage dorm. Tom then told the group how a year ago at a party he discovered his wife in a bedroom with a co-worker. He stayed hidden and watched his topless wife sucking off a cock like Tony's until he came in her mouth and she swallowed. He was convinced it was a one-time thing. Greg talked about a bachelor party where one of the guys brought his wife who stripped, let everyone feel her up, even sucked a couple of guys off and let her husband and the groom fuck her in front of them.
Then time shifted again and Alicia was lying on her back in the middle of the card table with the guys feeling her up, fingering her and making her orgasm over and over. She jerked off some cocks, they rubbed them on her feet, between her tits, in her face, she didn't care, it was the most erotic experience of her life especially the second time the guys shot more cum all over her body.
***************
Alicia awoke the next day to the sounds of Steve puking in the bathroom. 7:15am the clock said. She was still a little drunk and tried to remember when she came to bed. She pulled off the sheet covering her and laughed about how it was sticking to her naked body. She didn't remember it, but she must have come to bed naked. She giggled as she pealed away the sheet and sat up feeling surprisingly good and searched her memory for how the night ended. Then it hit her, and of course she'd behaved badly. She remembered being bare ass naked on the front porch being groped while giving open mouth kisses one at a time to the boys. 'So fucking naughty,' she almost felt ashamed of herself imagining their neighbor, old man Jack, watching her being a slut and jerking off from across the street. Then she recalled having her legs wrapped around Tony's waist and kissing him deeply. He told her something, but she couldn't quite remember what, but she remembered her reaction was to push her hand down Tony's pants and hold that big cock tightly, "Well if you think I'm such a slut, then you'll know that next time I'm drunk you'll have to stuff this huge cock of yours as deep inside me." He promised he would, and they kissed some more. 'What was it he said?' she questioned.
In the bathroom Steve was wrapped around the toilet making sick noises and paying no attention to her. Alicia was stood behind him facing the mirror and admired her ravaged body for some time. Each bit of cum in her hair, all the dried cum and drool that covered her torso, and every red finger mark flashed back images and glorious feelings of when she got them. She soon found herself exploring her soaked pussy with her fingers and moaning quietly. The bitter taste of semen on her tongue reminded her just how much of a slut she had been while her husband, Steve, was passed out in bed. Her pussy ached as she thought about all the other fingers that explored it last night, and how each one had a different way to please her and how everyone of them made her cum.
Steve puked, breaking her mood and for a moment she felt very badly for him but then it hit her; what Tony had said. For some reason he had decided to let her in on a little secret and whispered in her ear how all the boys already knew that she'd turn into a slut when she was drunk, because, "Steve, had told us some really hot stories about you," he shared. At the time Alicia was too drunk to have felt hurt, or betrayed, or even taken advantage of, instead, she felt that if Steve is sharing their private sex life with the boys then it gave her permission to play with them, and she remembered that's what motivated her to offered to fuck Tony.
'Okay...okay' she admitted to herself, 'I also offered because I want to feel that huge cock deep insider me.'
Wow...suddenly Alicia was shocked at herself, 'I really am a complete and total shameless slut when I'm drunk.'
"I'm sorry I left you with those guys" Steve piped up without taking his head out of the toilet. "I hope that was OK." Suddenly Alicia did feel betrayed. Steve was her protector, why would he break their trust like that? Who else has he told, she wondered feeling suspicious.
Draped in the evidence of her infidelity a bold Alicia crouched right beside her loose lipped, betraying cuckold husband and spread her cheating thighs wide open exposing her soaking vagina and the dried cum that surrounded it. She delicately lifted Steve's head and watched his eyes scan the length of her sex covered body.
"It's OK dear," she said softly hoping he would notice her state and ask her about it, "the boys were really nice, and we all had a very good time. It's too bad you weren't there."
Steve quickly scanned her gorgeous body noting its perfection. His head was spinning and he was breathing deeply as a way to manage his sickness. He didn't drink that much last night, and he couldn't understand why he was so sick. Steve's eyes came to rest on her gorgeous open pussy and recalled how tight and warm that pussy felt around his cock. "So beautiful," he was able to mutter.
"Thank you so much babes, you're so sweet," she said gently rubbing her fingers through his hair, while at the same time gently rubbing at some dried semen right beside her pussy where Steve's gaze was focused. "You were right, though, you were on a winning streak." Alicia smiled lovingly noticing the look of excitement grow on his face. She felt the need to immediately squash his joy, "sadly, it was not to last. I ended up losing all...and I mean everything."
Alicia suddenly became distracted as she noted a new and distinctly different flavor of semen in her mouth. She tried to recall, 'had it just landed in my mouth, or perhaps, I blew someone else? God, I hope not, I'd hate if I didn't remember sucking on one of those beautiful cocks' Alicia laughed out loud solidly identifying herself as a complete slut.
"It was a humiliating lose," she continued hinting, "and they taunted me mercilessly for hours."
Between the pussy in his face and turning in his stomach, Steve wasn't capable of listening, "That's good," he said, his face getting paler by the second.
So, Alicia decide to confess, just a little. 'It'll be done then', she thought, 'I may never need to bring it up again unless he does. "So...they won away all my belongings," she confessed to her witless husband, "and they made me do very naughty things." For effect she slipped a finger into her pussy under Steve's watchful eye. "your friends took advantage of your drunk wife because they knew they could."
Steve was in awe at the wetness of her pussy and didn't hear a word she said, "Wow..." was all he could mutter before throwing up again.
"I lost and they used it to molested me, to grope me and make me jerk them off," she owned up while her husband puked, "they knew I was an easy target when I was drunk, so they got me drunk and even I sucked off Tony while the others watched me do it." Alicia was fully rubbing her clit and was close to climaxing, "and...oh god...next time...oh shit...I'm going to let them fuck me." Her voice trailed off as she succumbed to her orgasm and sprayed her cum on Steve, her cuckold husband.
Steve looked up from the toilet and was greeted with the blissful site of Alicia fingering her clit. "Oh, fuck...I wish I felt better cause I'd fuck that wet pussy!"
Unfortunately, for Steve, that wasn't going to happen for a while. "If I let you," she told him.