Monday Mark picked up Martha and true to his word, he did not ask her to remove any of her garments. They talked, to and from work, about all the things which happened the week before.
Mark asked Martha, "Did you enjoy the game we played last week?"
Martha answered his questions saying, "Even though I felt humiliated at first I began to enjoy the exposure the next few days."
She was dropped off at her home; Martha exited the car and went into her house feeling kind of empty. There was no excitement she didn't know what was wrong, but she could feel it. She went to her bedroom finding her husband sound asleep. She took a shower and fell into a fitful sleep.
When she got into Mark's car for the drive to work the next afternoon it dawned on her what the problem was. She was missing the game. The game of exposing herself to Mark as they drove home from work the week before, it surprised her she became such an exhibitionist in two short weeks of riding with Mark.
Clearing her throat Martha looked at Mark blushing and said. "Mark, I miss playing the game. I would like to play it again tonight on the way home if you don't mind."
Smiling Mark asked. "Will you do exactly as I say from now on?"
"Why do you ask me that? I have done all that you asked of me before haven't I?" She said with a pout.
"Yes you have Martha, but if you want me to tell you what to do it will be from now on. If you refuse one time the game will be over. I will still give you a ride to work every time you ask me to, but the game will be over. Do you understand me?" Said Mark.
Taking a long time to answer it was because she had a premonition the way she answers will bring a new life to her. She said. "I will do what you say from now on."
Mark could not believe his good fortune the woman he has a fantasy about since he was a young child just stated she would do anything he wished.
Gathering his thoughts he said to Martha. "From now on I would like you to wear short dresses or short skirts with buttons down the front of the dresses and blouses. Can you do that for me Martha?"
"Yes I guess so, but I don't like what I look like in dresses and skirts." She stated.
"You should know by now a woman never thinks she looks good. This is why you should listen to your men to tell you what to wear." Said Mark with conviction.
Admiring his knowledge beyond his years about woman Martha said. "I will start to wear dresses and skirts, but I only have a few at home presently. I have to go out and buy more. Besides I don't have the money to buy new outfits at this time."
"I could help you with the purchase of new outfits would it meet your approval?" Stated Mark.
She couldn't believe Mark would purchase outfits for her. She immediately said. "Yes I would like that."
Mark told some of the men he works with in the Center he could trust, what he had Martha do. They didn't believe him. Today when he arrived at work, he informed the 10 men he needed 50 dollars each, so he could persuade Martha, to put on a show for them. By the end of the day, Mark had collected at least a thousand dollars for Martha's new wardrobe. Walter her boss even contributed, but warned Mark about having Martha put a sex harassment claim against the Center. Mark assured Walter it would be Martha's idea to perform for all the guys.
"If you're right there will be a raise in it for her and you?" Said Walter.
Martha was waiting at the car for Mark, with anticipation of what he would be asking to do tonight, on the way home. Mark was about 20 minutes late, because he was talking to Walter. For the first time many of the men working in the facility were stopping to talk to her, some of the men want to know how she and her husband were doing, others telling her how nice she always looks when she is at work.
This surprised Martha. "Maybe she is opening up with Mark. It has helped her become less shy with the other men at the center. Maybe the men have noticed her lately" She thought to herself.
There were still men talking to her when Mark came out the door.
"Mark opened the door for me and closed it after I entered the car. He was the perfect gentleman. He also had a lot of self-control I have exposed my most private parts to him and he only looked at me he didn't touch me. It makes me trust him more each time I do something sexy for him." She thought as she became more comfortable with him.
Bringing Martha back to the present was Mark talking to her saying with a big smile on his face. "I have a small amount of change for you to buy a few new clothes with." Handing her the nearly 1200 dollars he collected today at work from the men, but not telling her where he received the money presently.
Taking the envelope Martha opened it thinking it was 50 or 100 dollars but realizing it was over 1000 dollars when she took out the cash seeing hundred dollar bills. "Thank you but I can't take this from you? It is too much you don't make enough money to be spending this much on me." She told him.
"Alright then I am telling you to take the money and spend it on clothes if you are not willing to do it we will not play the game anymore." He said to her smiling.
"Furthermore I am not giving you the money you have been earning it and will continue to earn the money your get." Mark said to Martha Looking at her with another knowing smile she didn't understand as of yet.
"Yes I guess your right I have been earning the money with all the things you have had me do recently." She said smiling back at him and waiting for the orders she will have to carry out tonight.
"I think tonight would be a good night for you to ride in the car nude and spread. What do you think about it Martha?" Asked Mark to see what kind of reaction he would get from her.
Martha started to protest but thought better of it if she did the game was over, so she said. "Sure anything you want."
With her remark Mark opened the door for her and she started to undress right in the parking lot where the car was. Mark did not move the car this time and there were still men coming out of the Center. She stopped undressing, but Mark told her to keep going. Humiliated at the thought of one of the other men seeing her she left her bra on and started to remove her slacks and panties. When done she only her bra left to remove. She removed her last garment just as the car started in back of their car and lights illuminated the interior of Mark's car it gave him the first glimpse of her breasts. They are large with big areolas and large nipples, pointed down a little, but very hard and about a half inch long. Her breasts sag somewhat because they are so large.
She tried to cover them with her arms saying to Mark. "I do not like my breasts they are too big and sag quite a bit."
He moved her hands away and looked at her breasts saying. "They are magnificent trophies of womanhood, my dear." Then smiling at her.
She was relieved Mark did not think they were too big and gross. Martha reached in the back seat and retrieved the pillow putting it against the door she lay on it and put her left leg up onto the seat and her right leg as far as she could spread it. She was in heaven being exposed to Mark this way again.
Now Martha was in position he finally started the car. "I think you should open your vagina for me tonight and play with pussy on the way home." Mark said to Martha.
Martha hesitated for a short time. She has been doing things for Mark she has not done for her husband. Martha closed her eyes and laid her head back, used two fingers from her left hand to open the hood covering her clitoris and used the index finger of her right hand to play with her little nub. Mark was driving real slowly, so he could watch the action and not get into a car accident. It took Martha only about 5 minutes to orgasm. Mark had Martha use both her hands to open up her vagina so he could see inside as he was driving she did this for about 20 minutes than he had her play with pussy again.
It took her a little longer this time to orgasm. Mark could smell her and he almost came in his pants. Martha could see the bulge in his pants and reached over undid his zipper and fished his enlarged tool out of his shorts. Taking some tissue she pumped him about a dozen times with her hand and caught the ejaculate in the tissue as not to mess up the interior of his car or his pants. Mark almost lost control of the car when she did it for him. She surprised him.
It was almost midnight when Mark dropped her off at her house she retrieved her clothes from the back seat and exited the car naked walked up the sidewalk and into the house. She could hear the TV in the bedroom on. It scared her so much she almost threw up. Martha went to the laundry room and dumped off her clothes then got the nightie she just washed and put it on going up stairs to the Bathroom she took a shower and jumped into the bed with her husband. He was half asleep, but tonight he woke up to ask her why she was so late.
"We had a lot of work to do tonight." She lied to him then took is penis in her mouth and sucked on him until he came in her mouth. She kept on sucking until he got hard again, then she straddled him and inserted his pecker in her pussy. She was like a wild woman until he shot off again in her this time. She had an orgasm just as he came in her. She collapsed on him laying on him still impaled for the longest time. Martha kissed her husband and said to him. "I love you." They both had a nice peaceful sleep.
Martha got up early Wednesday she went through her closet to get a suitable blouse and skirt to wear or a dress. She was about to give up when she found a sundress with buttons down the front and was about knee length. She took a shower and did her makeup. Walking around the house nude while cleaning up a little she could feel last night's lust running down her legs. The only thing she hates about sex is the fallout as she calls it. Martha went back to the bathroom about 5 times to wipe herself out.
It was getting time to leave for work Martha put the finishing touches on her outfit and her face, and then went in to see her husband who was just getting up, she gave him a kiss and she was out the door, just as Mark came to pick her up.
"You look great Martha the outfit is nice." Said Mark.
She entered the car and sat down, saying. "Thank you, Mark your very sweet."
"The only thing you have to do is remove your panties and the outfit will be outstanding, I am keeping your panties for you." Mark said smiling at her.
"YOU, Mean I will not even be able to put on my panties at work?" Martha asked as she reaches under her dress, removes her panties and hands them to Mark.
Mark takes them noticing there is a wet spot on them already then smells them and says to Martha. "That's right you will not have any panties on today at work. You smell great my dear also."
Martha reached in back of the car and reclaimed the pillow. She lies against the door and puts her feet in what has become her usual position for riding with Mark. She unbuttoned her dress almost to her waist and spreads it open so he had an unobstructed view of her most private being her flower of life. This is the first time she is exposing her pussy to him in the daylight. She didn't even realize this until he mentioned how beautiful her vagina is in the daylight. She played with pussy all the way to work just stopping as they drove in the parking lot. She buttoned up the dress and exited the car to go to work.
"Martha you're going into Walter's office and show him you are not wearing any panties and tell him anytime he wants to examine you he can," Said Mark.
"What are you crazy I need my job?" She cried.
"Take it from me you will get a raise out of it. I am so sure of it, I will write you a note you can give him, if he says you're fired tell him I am making you do this." Mark told her as he wrote a note for her.
Martha looked at the note and put it in her dress pocket. She walked into the Center and punched in, all the men were smiling at her, as if they knew something she didn't. They were very nice to her though, she smiled and talked to a few of them, before she went to her office. She was in her office, as she debated how she would to approach the subject of how she would show her boss her pussy, when the intercom called her name it was Walter he wanted to see her.
She walked down the hall, as she rehearsed what she would to say to Walter. She knocked on the door and waited for an answer, she shook she was so nervous.
"Come in." Said the masculine voice on the other side of the door.
Martha walked into the room, she was really scared. "What would you like sir." She said to Walter.
Walter looked up at her, he stopped in mid-sentence, and he just admired her. "You look great Martha what did you do?"
"Nothing really sir, I want to show you something I have been wanting to for a long time. You can look at it and touch it if you want to, but that's all. I'm married you know and love my husband." She stammered as she lifted her dress over her waist blushing, feeling the humiliation she felt, the first time she showed Mark her most private being.
Walter was stunned Mark was right she was going to come to his office and show him her pubic area.
"Can you come closer to me?" he asked her in a hoarse voice.
She let her dress down and walked to his side of the desk. Walter pushed his chair away from the desk and positioned Martha, in front of him. She walked between his legs and looked down at him, as he smiled at her and started to put his hand under her dress, running his hand between her legs upward, until he was touching both thighs only inches from her wet labia. Leaning back on the desk for support, Martha spread her legs to give him access to her most intimate area. He slid his hand up to touch her. She was very wet and he could smell her womanly scent, it gave him an instant erection. He played with her a few more minutes, and then stopped before he came in his pants.