Once I got over the initial shock of Jessica putting her mouth around my cock, Katherine started speaking to the class.
"It is a common practice for college art departments to use nude models, but it is highly unusual to see them in Human Sexuality classes."
Jessica kept licking and sucking my cock while Katherine talked. She scraped her teeth over the ridge of the head, looking up at me as she did so. I took a step forward, and she took me deep into her throat, the suction feeling exquisite. My hand moved to Jessica's breast, squeezing the soft flesh, my fingers flicking her nipple. I had never cum from merely a blow job, but I knew that Jessica could get me there quickly if this continued.
"The difference," Katherine continued, "is that art classes focus on the whole body, almost to the exclusion of the genitals. But sexuality classes necessarily focus on the sex organs. And as we can see, live models are not pieces of plastic; they are living people with physical, emotional, and sexual needs. Rather than deny them the opportunity to fulfill those needs, I think that we should take the opportunity to witness the implications of asking two people to open themselves up so fully, as Dan and Jessica have."
Jessica's head moved back and forth, my cock going in and out of her mouth. Emboldened by Katherine's words to the class, I let my eyes sweep over Jessica's lusciously tan body. Her feet had come out of the stirrups, but her legs were still spread wide open. That visual and the sensations of her mouth were almost too much, and I pulled away. I couldn't cum yet, not without returning the favor. I wondered, briefly, what kind of lubricant Katherine had used when she had inserted the speculum into Jessica, but I decided I didn't care. I wanted her cunt, to see it, smell it, kiss it, lick it, possess it.
I stepped toward the foot of the table, glancing at the class as I did so. All twenty-one students were staring with rapt attention. My eyes sought out the girl with the Joan Jett t-shirt and saw that she was masturbating openly now through her clothes, one hand between her legs and the other holding one of her breasts, apparently squeezing her nipple. I realized that if I stood at the foot of the table, the students would see nothing except my backside. Grabbing Jessica's knees, I turned her sideways, the wax paper twisting and ripping underneath her. She couldn't lay back now; she had to sit and hold her back up. She put her hands on the far edge of the table and watched me as I crouched, moving my face to her crotch and inhaling her scent. I moved the tip of my tongue down one labium, then up the other. She tasted salty sweet, with a hint of strawberry. Was that something she put on, or had Katherine used a flavored lube? I didn't care enough to ponder the question for more than a second. My tongue found the hood of Jessica's clit, and I felt her body spasm. As I kissed and licked, my hands caressed the insides of her thighs, moving up and down with the rhythm of my licking. Jessica's hand moved to the back of my head, her fingers brushing through my hair.
My tongue flicked Jessica's clit, and she stiffened. I put my lips around it and sucked it into my mouth, inserting a finger into her vagina as I did. Her hold on the back of my head stiffened, and she pushed my face further into her crotch. I continued sucking on her clit, rubbing the edge of my teeth over it without biting down too hard. I inserted a second finger into her, pushing up, trying to find that place where the G-spot is supposed to be. I could hear Jessica moaning, her breath rapid and shallow. I started fucking her with my fingers, curling them upward with every thrust, as I kept sucking, licking, and biting her clit. The muscles in her vagina tightened, and her body stiffened as she yelped and pushed my head away.
I stood, withdrawing my fingers and putting them in my mouth, making a show of sucking her juices from them, my erection pulsing in front of me. I heard murmuring from the class as Jessica's eyes blazed at me.
"Fuck me," she said softly, pleadingly.
The table wasn't quite the perfect height. I had to stand on my toes slightly to line my cock up with her opening, but that was fine with me. I entered her slowly, savoring the welcoming walls of her pussy. Her eyes closed, and she exhaled as I pushed all the way into her, our pubic hair mingling. I pulled backward, not quite all the way out, and then thrust deeply and rapidly into her.
"Ahhh," she gritted.
We fucked slowly, but each thrust had force. I rammed it into her, imagining the head of my cock hitting the cervix that I had just seen, the opening at the tip of my cock kissing the pathway through her cervix and into her womb. I looked down, watching my cock move into her pussy, those magical lips enveloping it. I heard a long, high grunt from the class, but I didn't look. Just guessing, but I thought that Joan Jett girl had just gotten herself off.
Being on my toes was starting to wear on my calves, and I pulled out of Jessica. My cock stood at attention, glistening wet in the lights of the room. I wondered briefly what the twenty-one people in the audience were thinking and decided that it didn't matter. I did intend on giving them a hell of a show though.
"Step down," I said.
Jessica slid off the table and stepped toward me. I turned her around and gently pushed on her back, letting her know that I wanted her to bend over the examining table. She did, and I thrust into her from behind, watching myself go into her. As I fucked her, slowly at first and then going faster, Jessica put her left knee up on the examining table. I looked at the class and realized that she had just given them all a perfect and unobstructed view of my dick penetrating her.
After avoiding masturbation for two days and then showing my erection off to a class of 21 people, fucking Jessica was just too much for me. I felt myself about to explode, and I knew that nothing I could do was going to stop it. I was fucking Jessica bareback, and I had no idea if she was on the pill or not. I thought about trying to ask her, but I knew I just didn't have enough time. I pulled out of her and turned slightly. As I grunted loudly, the cum from the first spurt went clear over the examining table and almost hit Katherine, who was still standing on stage watching us. The second spurt wasn't as powerful but still sent cum over the table, only the tail end of it landing on the opposite edge. I experienced four more spasms, all of it landing on the remains of the wax paper. I heard several gasps and whispers in the class, but I couldn't make out any specific words.
Jessica remained where she was as I tried to regain my breath. I noticed that she was rubbing her pussy with her left hand.
"Every single person who has ever lived on this planet owes his or her existence to the act we just witnessed, the male ejaculation," Katherine said stoically, as if she had rehearsed that line.
It was the most intense orgasm I had ever experienced. But it had happened far too soon. I took a quick glance at the class, wondering what they would think of me cumming so quickly, especially when Jessica was still fingering herself. She'd had what I thought was a small orgasm when I was licking her, but I wanted her to have more. And I sure as hell didn't want this experience to be over.
I sat on the floor with my back against the side of the examining table and scooted myself under Jessica. Reaching up with both hands, I grabbed her ass and pulled her pussy down to my mouth. She moved her hand just in time for my tongue to slide into her. I heard her gasp as I licked up and out, over her hard clit. With Jessica's left knee still up on the table, and still giving the class what had to be an incredible view of her cunt and my cunnilingus, I had to turn my head at an awkward angle to get my fingers into her. Licking her clit, I applied pressure with my fingers from inside her, directly against where I was licking. My tongue worked like a jackhammer on her clitoris, flicking back and forth as rapidly as I could make it, with my fingers fucking her, rhythmically hitting that spot again and again.
With a scream, Jessica tried to pull up and away, but my other hand was still holding her ass. I held her down, relentlessly licking and finger-fucking her until the deluge came. I don't watch a lot of porn, but I've seen enough to have come across the so-called squirters, girls who ejaculate when they orgasm. I didn't know if it was real or not; to me, it just looked like they were peeing. Once I got over the surprise of Jessica's pussy spraying into my mouth and face and splattering everywhere around us, I knew that it wasn't pee. There was only a salty sweetness to it without a hint of urine smell or taste.
"Fuck," she said.
I pulled back from her pussy, her fluid running out of my mouth, down my chin and chest. She looked unsteady, and I grabbed her and guided her to the floor.
"Sorry," she said softly to me, and I know she didn't want the class to hear. "I couldn't hold it."
"It's all right," I told her.
I saw a pillow in a cubby hole on the side of the examining table, under the end where our heads had lain. I grabbed it, and laid Jessica on the stage with the pillow under her head. My erection was back in force, and I positioned myself between Jessica's legs and entered her slowly. She looked at me with wide eyes, as if she were surprised that I would still want to fuck her after she had soaked me. She didn't resist though. I held my upper body above her with my arms, and with my knees on the hard floor of the stage, I started fucking her missionary style. She soon responded, and we were going at it. I took a brief glance at the class, and they were all still watching us in silence. Joan Jett girl was spread out in her desk, her arms hanging limply toward the floor, looking exhausted.
I knew my cock could last awhile now, but I didn't know how my knees would hold up. I lifted them from the floor, and with my arms still extended, I must have looked like I was about to do pushups. I used my hips to drive into Jessica with force. She was writhing in pleasure, moaning and breathing hard, and I knew another orgasm was coming. When it erupted, I felt the warm spray of fluid enveloping the middle of my body. In my peripheral vision, I saw several of the students on the front row react to the sprinkling of Jessica's juices as she and I continued fucking. Our bodies slapped together, the sound intensified by her fluid and our sweat, sending little showers in all directions around us. Every muscle in my body was tense, and I knew I either had to cum or sustain an injury. I fucked her harder and harder, and she must have felt my body getting ready.
"Cum in me," she said.
"Sure?" I managed to say between breaths.
She nodded. The only word she could say was, "Pill."
We came together, and the sensation of my cum shooting deep inside at the same time as another warm gush of fluid showering my belly was indescribable. Once I had finished, I collapsed on top of Jessica, using my knees and elbows on the floor to keep from crushing her. I kissed her and rolled off.
I couldn't move; I just lay on the stage, looking up at the black ceiling, soaked and spent and struggling for oxygen. Closing my eyes, I felt the weariness surge over me, my muscles still twitching. Jessica put her hand on my arm as she stood up, and I wondered how she could even move after that.
"As soon as our models get covered, I think we can break for lunch," Katherine said to the class.
I heard Jessica and Katherine exchange whispered words, but I couldn't hear what they were saying. And I didn't yet have the energy to try to get up.
"Dan?" Katherine said.
I opened my eyes and saw her standing over me.
"Are you OK?"
I looked out at the class. The students were all standing, waiting on me, I supposed.
"Yeah, I just needed a minute," I said.
"You need some help?" Katherine held her hand out, and I grabbed it and pulled myself up to a standing position.
I felt cold and sticky and more naked than I had felt up to that point. Katherine had my robe draped over her other arm. She handed it to me and helped me get it on.
"I brought some Wet Wipes for you to clean yourselves up with, but they seem rather inadequate now. And there's not a shower in this building."
"It's OK," I told her as the students filed by the stage. Each of them had been wearing something strapped to his or her upper arm, and they were dropping those things into a box at the corner of the stage. "What are those?" I asked.
"Monitors," Katherine replied. "For my research. Heart rate, etc."
Her tone was uncharacteristically terse, and I felt that she was somehow disappointed.
"I'm sorry," I said. "I kind of got carried away."
"That's OK. It was part of the plan, actually. I just... I didn't know..."
She paused and trailed off. "What?" I said.
"I was unprepared for that. That - display of raw sexuality. I've never seen anything like it."
"You're not disappointed, are you?"
"No," she replied. "I'm quite pleased with you and Jessica. I just had no idea." She stopped and straightened herself, seemed to regain her composure. "We'll have a lot to go over after lunch."
"Where's Jessica?" I asked, looking around and not seeing her. She and I had a lot to go over as well, I thought.
"She got dressed and left."
"She's gone?" I exclaimed. "When?"
"When you were sleeping."
"Sleeping? What?" I said.
"You feel asleep on the stage. "
I didn't quite believe her, but I supposed it was possible. "How long was I out?"
"About ten minutes. Several of the students thought it was quite funny. There were a few giggles as we tried to decide how to wake you."
I tried to imagine the students not knowing what to do while a naked man slept at the front of the class.
"Was she OK?" I asked, my thoughts returning to Jessica.
"Yes, I think you took care of her very well," Katherine replied with a laugh.
"No, I mean, was she upset or anything?" I couldn't believe that she would leave without saying a word to me, after what we had done together.
"I don't know. She's very hard to read."
I agreed with Katherine on that. Jessica was so beautiful, but she acted like she was a high school geek, shy, non-talkative, her head always buried in a science fiction book.
"So, I guess we're done?" I said.
"For today. I do want to get your feedback on what happened today. But right now, my focus is on the people who watched it." She gestured at the box with the monitors.
"OK." I started toward the supply closet where I had left my clothes, but I stopped before I got there and looked back at Katherine. "Thank you. This was amazing. It was amazing before Jessica and I... You know. The lecture, I mean. I'd love to do it again."
"Oh, I wish you could, but I'm afraid this was a one-time event. Unless I can get approval and funding for an expanded study, that is."
"Well, if you do..."
"Of course. You'll be the first person I call."
When I got into the supply room, I found an envelope on top of my street clothes. Inside the envelope was two hundred dollars in cash. Feeling physically tired and emotionally disappointed by Jessica's sudden disappearance, I got dressed. I didn't see Katherine again when I left.
Wearing Jessica's juices between my skin and my clothes on the way home was a turn on. I had an erection as soon as I walked into my apartment. I took a shower, letting the hot water massage my sore muscles. My neck was especially sore, and I hoped I hadn't strained something while eating Jessica from below. I also masturbated in the shower, marveling that I had both the energy and the semen to do so. I called Jessica's number when I got out, but it went straight to voice mail.
"Jessica, it's me. Dan," I said after the beep. I stuttered and wished I'd had a plan for what to say when I had called. "I got your number from the model list. Today was... Well, it was amazing, and I thought we could get together and talk about it. So... Give me a call."
I recited my number and disconnected. And I waited.
To Be Continued...