Joleen, laid back into the hot bath, letting the hot water relax her worked body. She had gotten home 20 minutes prior, from the restaurant. The restaurant where she had been fucked by two strangers, in the special needs stall. Thinking of it sent a thrill through her pussy.
She lathered up her wash cloth, and began to clean the dried cum off of her body. Her mind kept going back to what had happened in that bathroom. Before she even realized it, she was back to full arousal again.
She let her hand slide down between her legs. She gently teased her swollen tender clit, until she felt her pussy slick with her own juices. Then she began to finger fuck herself, while she thought of the two strangers and what they had done to her.
She used her two inner fingers, slowly at first. She dipped into her slick slit. Building speed while pushing in deep, working her fingers on her g spot. Sending jolts of pleasure through the highway of nerves to the rest of her body. Ending in an explosive finish.
Joleen cried out, as she made herself cum for the umpteenth time that night. But... she still wanted more. She simply could not do for herself, what Mike and Frank could.
She finished washing her body clean, and got out of the bath. Drying her body off, as she stood in front of her full length mirror. She could see all the little love marks left by the men. Where they had bit or sucked on her tender skin.
She gave up her attempt to wait a few days before calling. Dialed up one of the phone numbers they had given, before saying their good byes. She was wanting to set up another public meeting with the two of them. Her throbbing cunt let her know, the sooner the better.
She had called Frank, he told her that he and Mike would be leaving the next morning. They both were on a company softball team, and they had an out of town tournament this weekend.
He then suggested that she should come along, he then added "Really, come with us. You can cheer for us while we are playing. Then the rest of the time, we can do what ever we'd like." She understood the innuendo in what he meant. He then suggested that the three of them could share one room, then added, "Think of all the fun we could have!"
After a little hesitance, Joleen decided to throw caution to the wind and go. It did sound fun. Besides, she didn't want to wait the 3 days before feeling their dicks inside her again. They finished making their plans to meet up the next morning.
As soon as Joleen was off the phone, she began packing. Going through her clothes, she chose her sluttiest outfits. Some more slutty or more classy than others. She wanted to be ready for anything.
The next morning, they met up in the parking lot of a construction company. The emptiness of it, other than them. Let her know that it must be closed for the weekend. She felt butter flies in her belly, and a burst of nervous energy.
She wore a short loose skirt, a sheer tank that tied to one side. Oversized arm and neck space, showcasing the skimpy bikini top underneath. The cool morning air, making her nipples impossible to miss. Through the sheer fabric of both bikini and tank. She topped off the look with gladiator sandals.
She shyly approached, she gave an embarrassed smile and said hello. Frank reacted first. "Ahh, none of that!" Giving her a wicked smile, and a wink that caused her breath to be sucked away.
He reached out and grabbed her by the arms, and pulled her in. Wrapping his arms around her, then leaned in to give her a deep slow kiss, as he tried to pull her even closer. Her mind exploded, her body instantly charged by this.
She felt her nipples harden even more, and her pussy instantly throbbing and wet. He ground his pelvis into her. She quickly spread her legs apart, allowing better access. She could feel his erect cock through their clothing. She began to writhe, riding his dick. She half groaned, half growled into his mouth, as he kissed her.
Her mind in a fog, she barely registered Mike speaking. "Alright already, you've said hello, my turn." Pulling her away then spinning her around. He leaned and told her to wrap her legs around him. As he grabbed her hips, and hoisted her up and in against him.
In the process of this, with the short skirt she had chosen. It gave a quick peak at Joleen's panty less cunt. Wrapping her legs around like she'd been told, plus his positioning. She could feel his fat dick up against her cunt. It was straining to be out of his softball pants, and into her pussy.
As he used one hand to cup her ass from underneath, holding her up. With the other hand, he reached up, entwining his fingers through her hair. Pulling her head in, and began his assault on her mouth. She began to grind her cunt against him.
Mike releasing her hair, positioned that hand back underneath, where her pussy was gaped open, with her legs spread around him. He used his fingers to pet and tease the slick nub. She cried out, and thrust herself to get more.
He quickly rewarded her by thrusting two fingers into her hot tight pussy. And began finger fucking her. It quickly caused Joleen to cum. She started squirting all over his fingers and hand. Dripping to the ground underneath them.
"Well I didn't know that we were going to start this here, but alright." She was barely aware of Frank saying. She then heard him instruct Mike to bring her over to the bed of the truck.
It was filled with supplies and items for this weekend. Everything one would need to spend the day hanging around outside, including blankets to lay on. Grabbing some, Frank quickly laid them out. Letting the blankets hang slightly over the opened tailgate.
Mike carried her over, never removing his fingers from her juicy cunt. He laid her back on the tailgate. Removed his fingers, she then felt his tongue licking up the remaining juice. He then sucked her clit into a hard nub, then buried his tongue into pussy.
She bolted upright, squirting all over his face as she clawed his back, crying out loudly. Frank had climbed into the bed of the truck. Standing above her with one leg on each side of her. He lowered himself down onto his knees, placing them almost into her armpits.
Without saying a word she had leaned in, to work his fat cock with her mouth. Frank groaned and said, "Ohh baby! You by far, are the best fuck partner, that I have ever been with baby." Mike busy pillaging her pussy with his tongue, could only offer a muffled "Mmmm hmmmmm!!" That vibrated and tickled through her.
She grabbed Frank's shaft as she licked and kissed up and down it, nipping it with her teeth ever so gently. She then started sucking on just the tip, before working the rest of it into her mouth. Taking it as far back as she could before gagging. The position she was in, making that hard.
Noticing her struggling not to gag, Frank suggested a change. He stood back up and jumped out of the truck bed. Mike had already stepped back from devouring her cunt. Frank then lifted her and had her straddle him, as she had Mike moments before.
And just as Mike had, Frank cupped her ass, and held her suspended, as he fingered her at the same time. Mike came up behind her. He slid his hand up the valley between her legs, and joined Frank in fingering her cunt. She went wild, thrusting mindlessly to take more of their finger fucking.
In the throes of a mind blasting orgasm, Frank pulled his fingers out of her cunt, using the juice he began to work her asshole. Gently stretching and relaxing her tight hole. Working first one, then two fingers. He pumped slowly into her ass. She had never had her ass and cunt finger fucked at the same time.
Mike pulled his fingers out, worked his pants down and pulled out his enormous cock. Then quickly buried it deep in her pussy full hilt, with a loud grunt. He then began to pump it in and out. She dug her nails into his back as she cried out.
Frank reached up and pulled loose, the tie her bikini top. It fell away to hang below her tits, still being attached underneath. He slid the tank to one side slightly, exposing one tit completely. He began to pinch and tease it's hard nipple.
With his other hand, he guided his dick into her ass as Mike continued to fuck her cunt. Once he had completely impaled her ass, he began to pump, in rhythm with Mike. As he reached around to cup her tits, squeezing and pinching her nipples. Joleen cried out again, as she felt the strongest orgasm that she had ever had, explode.
In wave after wave, it continued. She hadn't even realized that Mike and Frank had joined her in cumming. She realized it when she felt them filling both her holes with their hot seed.
That wasn't the only thing she realized. She now knew that they were no longer alone. She heard someone who had whooped, and someone else let out a cat whistle from close by.
As her eyes flew open, and towards the noise. She saw two other (judging by their softball uniforms) members of the team. They were giving her the look one starving might look at a meal.
"Ahh shit, my bad. I forgot that you all were riding with us." She heard Mike say to the two new arrivals. She was embarrassed of course. But more than that, she was turned on by knowing they had been watching what had been being done to her.
Mike, Frank and Joleen had all pulled away from one another. As they straightened out their clothing.
Joleen saw that the two new men were transfixed on her tits. She glanced down and saw that she had forgotten about the bikini top hanging loose. She had straightened her tank back into place. But the sheerness of it gave a clear view still of her tits.
She continued to let bikini top hang. She wanted them to look. She discreetly tugged the bottom right side of her tank. Pulling it away enough to have her left nipple exposed completely. Pretending to not notice.
She felt her nipples harden even more. Even though she had just finished cumming, she felt her cunt throbbing. She couldn't believe that she was already, ready for more dick. She smiled to the new men.
"Sorry to you too, Joleen. I wasn't thinking straight. I didn't mean to have them just show up like that. I don't want you to think that I have set this up." Mike offered
"It's alright really, I don't mind." Joleen answered back. "I am sure we will all have alot of fun." She said as she dropped her eyes to the obvious erections that the two new men had.
As Joleen looked around at the four handsome men, she gave them all a boisterous smile. The coming weekend, had just gotten alot more interesting...