Mom pointed to Dad's old easy chair and Bobby sat down in it while Mom and I sat on the couch across from him. As soon as we were settled, Mom looked up at Bobby and said, "We need to talk about your punishment, and I think it's best if we get that out of the way before it gets any later in the day."
The expression on my little brother's face changed as soon as Mom said those words. He didn't seem angry, but rather, he seemed to accept it -- knowing full well this discussion was going to happen.
"Before I begin," Mom said, "I want you to know how impressed I am with your behavior so far today. You did a good job cleaning your room and you didn't give me any static about getting your hair cut, and for those things, I'm grateful."
"But now," Mom continued, "it's time to finish the conversation we stared this morning and if you're still willing, we'll get your punishment underway."
Mom got up from where she was sitting and went to crouch down at the side of Bobby's chair and put her hand lovingly over his. She told him she wanted to give him one last chance to take the money she'd offered him and move out without being punished. She even said she'd help him move his stuff and drive him around so he could find a job. I was surprised she seemed to be offering so much now -- especially since we'd already gone to a lot of effort to arrange such an appropriate and thorough punishment.
"Sweetheart," Mom finally said, "I want to make sure you understand you have the option to take the full thousand dollars I'm offering you now and move out with no hard feelings. I wasn't kidding when I said the punishment I've got planned for you might be the toughest thing you've ever had to do, and I wouldn't feel right if I didn't give you one last chance to avoid it."
She reminded him that if he continued to opt for the punishment, his move out money would be reduced by five hundred dollars as soon as she started giving him the details of his punishment. If, after hearing the details he decided he didn't want to go through with it, he was welcome to take the remaining five hundred dollars and move out within twenty four hours. Bobby seemed to understand what she was offering. And, when Mom reminded him that there would be no financial support at all if he failed to complete the punishment once he started it, he nodded his head and told her he knew he'd have to move out and he'd be on his own.
"And you still accept the punishment?" Mom finally asked. "Is that what you're saying?"
I could see the angst in my little brother's face as he looked at Mom and said he did. Mom smiled sweetly at him, patted his hand and told him she was proud of him. I watched as she got up and walked past me into the kitchen and returned a few seconds later with the envelope of money she had during breakfast this morning. Bobby and I watched as she opened the envelope, took out five of the hundred dollar bills and set the envelope down on the end table next to Bobby's chair.
"There's the remaining five hundred dollars in that envelope. After you hear the details of your punishment, if you change your mind and want to move out, all you have to do is pick up that envelope and be ready to move out by this time tomorrow." Mom said solemnly. "Understand?"
Bobby swallowed hard and said, "Yes."
Mom returned to her seat next to me and sat down on the couch and folded her hands in her lap. After a few seconds she looked up at him.
"Bobby," Mom began, "while I speak, I want you to sit there silently and listen to what I say. When I'm done, I'll give you an opportunity to ask questions, but I don't want you to interrupt me, or say one word until I'm completely done."
"I don't want any theatrics from you, either." Mom told him. "No moaning, groaning or complaining. Not even one single word out of your mouth until I give you a chance to ask your questions. Do you understand that completely, and do you promise to keep quiet until I'm finished?"
His voice cracked as he answered, "Yes."
"Alright." Mom replied. "Then I guess we can get started."
"The reason you're being punished," Mom told him, "is two fold. First, not only have you been extremely disrespectful and cruel to me and your sister, but, you've been intentionally hurtful and thoughtless. You've stolen things from us, including money. You've disregarded our feelings and become a mean person, Bobby. For that, you need to be punished."
"Secondly," Mom explained, "you need to be reminded that you are part of a family, and that you can't treat your family the way you have. To that end, your punishment needs to be harsh so you'll never be tempted to act this way again. The punishment needs to be personal so you'll never forget it, and it needs to be delivered in a way that affects every facet of your life."
"So, for the next seven days," Mom said as she looked up at him. "you will be deprived of all your privacy, all your rights and all your privileges."
Bobby sat there, stone faced while Mom continued to explain what was going to happen. She started at a basic level, telling him for the next seven days, she and I would administer his punishment and monitor his every waking moment. She made it clear that I was an equal partner, along with her, in delivering his punishment each day. She told him we would not tolerate any back talk, complaining, dishonesty or disobedience what-so-ever. He was expected to do as he was told, as soon as we told him to do it.
I was surprised when she began telling him about the reward system we'd figured out for him. She didn't tell him everything -- like how we'd be giving him handjobs as a reward. She simply told him if he was good every day, from the time he got up - to the end of the day, he would get a nice reward - something he would definitely want. Mom encouraged him to keep the reward in mind at all times and to think before he opened his mouth so he didn't jeopardize his chance to get the reward each day.
"So far today," Mom added, as she smiled over at Bobby, "I'd say your behavior up to this point has been pretty good and if it continues, you'll probably earn your first reward tonight. Wouldn't you agree, Sandra?"
They both looked at me and I nodded my head. "So far, I'd agree with that." I answered. "But, there's still plenty of time for things to go bad, Bobby. I suggest you do as Mom said and keep that reward in mind at all times. It only takes a single incident for us to withhold that reward, and believe me, we will."
"Now," Mom said, "we need to discuss the specific details with you and I'm going to remind you one more time that you're supposed to sit there quietly and listen. If you disobey me on this, you'll lose the reward tonight. Of course, you have the option of picking up that envelope at any time and walking out, and if you do, that becomes your final option and I'll expect you to be out of the house no later than tomorrow evening. Are we clear on all that?"
Again, Bobby nodded his head. But, I could see his feet were nervously tapping the carpet and the palms of his hands were sweaty. I knew the next several minutes would be devastating for him, and I mentally prepared myself to see him explode with anger.
Mom started this part of the conversation much like she did before. She explained that for his punishment to be effective, she felt it had to contain not only punitive measures, but also deterrents for the future. Those deterrents, she went on to say, included subjecting him to personally embarrassing and humiliating circumstances.
"You're going to be spanked each night." She told him. "We'll do it sometime after dinner, and your first one will be tonight. It'll become part of our daily routine."
I looked at Bobby's face and he was shocked. But, when Mom continued her explanation and told him he'd be spanked naked, he became visibly tense. He still hadn't uttered a word, but, it was obvious to me he was hearing things that were causing him to panic.
She told him not to be concerned about being spanked naked because he was losing the privilege of wearing clothes. "We've already gathered up every stitch of clothing from your room and locked it all away, Sweetheart." Mom said. "For the next seven days, you'll either be naked, or, you'll be wearing bras and panties. Your sister and I bought you some very attractive lingerie, and the best advice I can give you is to immediately accept this part of your punishment because in just a little while, I'm going to ask your sister to undress you, and take the clothes you're wearing and lock them up, too."
She told Bobby we'd already set aside a couple of his shirts and a pair of jeans he could slip into quickly if someone came to the door unexpectedly and wanted to visit. "I'm not completely heartless." Mom said to him. "If someone comes by, or if we go out, we'll let you put on one of your shirts and your jeans. But, you have to wear your bra and panties under them -- that's the rule."
She continued her explanation, telling him he wasn't allowed to cover himself or hide his body from our sight. He shuddered when she told him both Mom and I had the right to touch him wherever and whenever we wanted to, and he had to allow it. Part of the reason for that, she said, was because one of us would be giving him a bath daily and we'd have to touch his body to wash him up.
He was told we'd be assisting him in the bathroom. If he had to poop, we'd let him wipe himself, but, if he just had to pee, Mom made it clear we'd be holding his penis for him and she made it crystal clear that for the next seven days, he shouldn't expect to have one sliver of privacy.
"Now, I know all about young men and their erections, Sweetheart." Mom said in a kind tone. "Your sister and I fully realize you're going to become erect in front of us and we're prepared for that. I know guys your age can get frequent and spur of the moment erections, but, I'm warning you not to hide them from us, and if it becomes necessary for us to deal with your erections, you have to let us do that."
Bobby's face had become redder and redder as she went on. His eyes were getting watery and I suspected it was just a matter of time before he started to cry. My heart went out to him, though -- it really did. In the conversations I'd had with Mom, I never thought about how he'd take it, how hearing all this would affect him -- I was only concentrating on how his predicament would affect me.
"Your sister and I have already discussed the fact that you'll probably wake up each morning with an erection and have the urge to masturbate." Mom added. "We realize that's a natural, basic need for a young man, and in order to give you some relief, either Sandra or I will masturbate you every morning to 'take the edge off', so to speak. Plus, I think it's a good way to get your day started off in the right direction. Again, like I've already said, you have no say in this matter and you must allow it."
"You won't be allowed to touch your groin area at all -- for any reason." Mom continued to explain. "Doing so could put you in jeopardy of losing your daily reward, and I can say with almost complete certainty you don't want that to happen."
As she started to summarize everything for him, she told Bobby we'd have a set daily routine.... a schedule, where we would wake him up early each morning and give him his morning masturbation. Then, we'd take him to the bathroom to do his business and then he'd be dressed however we decided to dress him. We'd make breakfast as a family, eat together and then clean the kitchen together.
Mom said we'd have a project to complete each day around the house and somewhere along the way, we'd all stop and make lunch, eat it together and then go back to our project. We'd have an early dinner each evening -- about 4:30, that we would prepare and eat together.
After dinner, she or I would give him his bath, followed by his daily spanking. Then, we would spend the rest of the evening together with bedtime being somewhere around 10:00 PM. If he'd been good that day, he'd receive his reward at that time, and then the whole cycle would repeat itself the next day.
"It's important we have a routine each day, Sweetheart." Mom said, smiling softly up at Bobby. "It might vary slightly from day to day, and we might leave the house for an outing, but for the most part, what I just described will be our schedule for the next seven days."
"Just to make sure you fully understand," Mom was careful to say, "you'll have no expectation of privacy, and you'll have no rights or privileges. There will be no cell phone, no laptop and no i-Pod. Your sister and I will have complete control and decision making authority over every minute of your life."
"Sweetheart, if you can do this cheerfully and cooperate with us, at the end of the seven days, we'll go back to normal and everything will be forgiven as long as you use this opportunity to become a changed young man." Mom told him.
"Now," she finally said, "before I give you an opportunity to ask questions, I want to say just two more things. First, I'm not going to justify, or, give you any reasons for the kind of punishment I've decided on, so don't even ask. You've lost all rights to negotiate or question my decisions. And secondly, I'll remind you to watch your tone of voice and your attitude when I give you the chance to speak. I realize all this must be an incredible shock to you, but, you have no one to blame but yourself."
Bobby had indeed started to cry by now. He was sitting there stoically, silently weeping, tears streaming down his cheeks and his eyes were red and puffy. Mom reached over to the end table and passed him a box of tissues. He reached out and took two from the box and wiped his face and eyes.
"It hurts me so much to see you cry." Mom said, sympathetically. "But, in the long run, I know the temporary discomfort you're going to experience will be the first step in bringing you back to being the son, and brother, you used to be. I'm sorry if you can't understand why I'm doing this, but it's for your own good and if you can't realize that -- you should take the money now and move out without wasting any more time."
When Mom finished speaking, we all sat there in silence and looked at one another. Bobby wasn't outright bawling, but he was still quietly crying and I was truly touched at the way he sat there and listened to Mom as she gave him the details of his punishment. It was probably the most grown up thing I'd seen him do in the last two years.
"We'll give you a couple of minutes alone to think about what I've said." Mom told him. "Your sister and I will come back after you've had a chance to compose yourself. You can ask your questions then if you have any."
With that, Mom stood up and gestured for me to follow her upstairs. As we stepped into her bedroom and shut the door, I looked over at her and asked her if she thought he'd go through with the punishment.
"Absolutely." Mom said without even thinking about it. "He's already made his mind up that he's going to do it. He's just trying to figure out if he has any hope of changing the rules, that's all. You'll see."
Mom struck a puzzled pose for a second and asked me a bizarre, interesting question that seemed to come out of nowhere. "Do you think we should let him pick out the bras and panties he's going to be wearing each day, or, do you think we should do it?"
"We already told him he had no rights or privileges." I said honestly. "If he's going to have two outfits each day, why don't you pick one and let me pick the other one."
"I like that." Mom said, agreeing with me. "But, let's see how it goes tonight and make a final decision on that in the morning."
"Come on." She added, turning toward the door. "We've given him enough time. Let's get this over with."
Mom and I walked down the hall toward the stairs together, and as we did, we saw Bobby leaning over in the easy chair, his face in his hands, and he was sobbing. "Oh, dear." Mom said, sympathetically as we walked. "It's so hard to see your children cry."
Bobby didn't look up at us until we were half way down the stairs, and then he suddenly straightened himself up and used a tissue to wipe his eyes. He looked like an emotional mess, and I suggested to Mom we give him a few more minutes to gather his thoughts when he surprised me by saying he was fine.
I sat down on the couch. Mom went over to him, picked up a tissue out of the box and dabbed his eyes. Then kneeling down next to him, she told him she loved him and leaned in to give him a kiss on his cheek. The edges of his lips turned up in a half-smile and just for a second, I was amazed at the closeness the two of them shared.
But, Mom got right up and came to sit next to me, carefully laying her hands in her lap and looked up at him. "What questions do you have, Sweetheart?" Mom asked.
There was a brief period of silence before he said anything, but when he finally spoke, the first thing he said caught me off guard.
"Mom," Bobby began, "Honestly, I don't blame you for wanting to punish me. I mean, I know I've been a real asshole to both of you and I should have realized that a long time ago. So, I apologize...... to both of you, and I want you to know that I'm sincerely sorry for all the grief I've caused. I mean that from the bottom of my heart."
Mom and I looked at each other and then back at my little brother. "I.... uh... don't know what to say, Sweetheart." Mom answered. "Thank you, that was beautiful. I just hope I can take your apology seriously."
"When you said I was going to be punished," Bobby continued, looking up at Mom, "I thought you were going to make me get a job, ground me forever and forbid me from using your car..... maybe even take my cell phone away. I really had no idea you had something like this in mind."
Bobby got choked up and started to cry a little. Between his tears, he told us he knew he deserved some kind of strong punishment, but, he wasn't sure he could go through this. He didn't think he was strong enough. He said it was just too humiliating for him. He said he'd even be fine with bare butt spankings if that's all it was, but, he didn't know if he had the courage to go through what Mom was proposing.
As he spoke, it occurred to me that he was going to back out, take the rest of the money and leave because her punishment was just too harsh, I was sure of it.
"You already told me there was no negotiation, and I had no say in the matter." Bobby said to Mom. "I guess I understand why you feel the need to be so firm. So, I don't really have any questions. It sounds like you and Sandra have already made your minds up. You've got your rules pounded out, your schedules are made and you're ready to go."
I looked at Mom and I could see she, too, was worried that we'd misjudged Bobby's reaction and maybe gone too far. But, she wasn't saying anything and neither was I.
"I'll try it." Bobby said, trying to sniffle back his tears. "I honestly don't know if I can do it, but, I'm willing to try. I'll cooperate and I'll be obedient and I promise to be nice, and honest and thoughtful."
The smile that came across Mom's face was the happiest smile I think I've ever seen her have. "I'm glad to hear that, Sweetheart." Mom said as she pulled him from the chair and hugged him tightly. Mom turned to me and opened her arms, inviting me into the hug and as Bobby's sniffles dried up, we all had a few minutes of warmth and hugging.
"Bobby," Mom said, "I honestly believe you're making an effort to be sincere and I know this will be hard for you. You have my word Sandra and I will be gentle and understanding for the next seven days as long as your sincerity is genuine."
"Okay." Bobby said, wiping his eyes one last time and taking a step back from us. "Where do we start?"
"Well," Mom answered, taking a deep breath and letting it out, "I guess we need to take your cell phone and then, all your clothes have to come off. After that, you're going to stand in front of us naked for a few minutes so your sister and I can have our first look at you."
Bobby shrugged his shoulders and reached into his back pocket and handed Mom his cell phone. She took it from him, powered it off, and set it on the end table next to the chair. Then looking at me, Mom said the words I'd been dying to hear her say.
"Sandra," Mom said softly, "will you please undress your brother?"
The only sound in the room was the sound of Bobby's breathing as I stood up and walked up to him. "It's okay." He said to me, softly. "Just do it."
I bent down to untie his sneakers and asked him to pick his feet up so I could take them off. Reaching up under his pant legs, I took hold of the top of his socks and pulled them down to his ankles. He picked his feet up again and I slipped his socks off and handed them up to Mom.
He was wearing a t-shirt and a pair of jeans, so as I stood up in front of him, I reached out and unbuttoned the top button on his jeans and loosened them around his waist. Pulling his t-shirt up, he raised his arms to help me, and with almost no effort, I pulled his t-shirt over his head and held it out for Mom to take from me.
I looked up into his eyes as I reached back to his waist to unzip his jeans. As I touched the tongue of his zipper, I realized that my hands were only mere inches from my little brother's penis. He shuddered as I lowered the zipper and knelt down in front of him, hooking my thumbs into the waist of his jeans and began pulling them down.
They weren't tight on him at all, and as they came down his thighs easily, I was left staring at his boxers, knowing full well I was only moments away from stripping my little brother naked and seeing his cock for the first time since he was five.
As Bobby stepped out of his jeans, I folded them and handed them up to Mom as I remained kneeling in front of him. As Mom took the jeans from me, I looked up to Bobby's face and he was as embarrassed as I've ever seen him. His whole chest was red and his blush covered his neck, face and his ears. The look in his eyes was silently begging me not to pull his boxers down, but, I knew I couldn't grant his wish.
I looked over at Mom and she nodded her head at me. "It has to be done, Sandra." Mom said. "Let's get it over with...... it'll be better for all of us once he's naked and starting to get used to it."
I looked up at Bobby again, gave him an understanding little smile and he smiled back. Then, as I reached up to hook my fingers into the waistband of his boxers, I felt him flinch and his stomach tightened.
Then, realizing this was a moment I'd never forget, I pulled my little brother's boxers down his legs without stopping, and, immediately focused my eyes on his crotch. My first and immediate impression could be summed up in just one word: "Thick".
He had a terrible mess of dark pubic hair that swirled around his groin like a briar patch. His penis, just inches away from my face, looked beefier, and, more developed than any cock I'd seen up to that point in my life. Without taking my eyes away from it, I reached down and pulled his boxers from around his ankles and handed them up to Mom.
Standing up, I walked over next to my mother and she and I both looked down at my little brother's cock. My Gawd, it was thick -- very thick, probably the thickest cock I'd ever seen. It was a little longer than average length, I guessed maybe five inches or a little longer as it hung there flaccid, but the thickness of Bobby's cock made it look more like a small arm rather than a penis.
I felt a flood of wetness fill my panties as I stared at his thick, soft cock, and I wondered if either he or Mom would be able to smell my arousal. But, I didn't care -- it was so exciting to see my little brother's bare cock right in front of me, and as I stood there staring at it, I wondered how large it would be when he was hard.
Mom was more composed than I was, and I didn't realize she'd called my name twice before she reached out, pulled my hand and told me to sit down.
"Bobby," Mom said, "come stand here in front of us so we can see you up close. I know this is uncomfortable, but, we might as well get all the looking done now...... get all the curiosity out of the way...... and then maybe it will gradually feel normal to all of us."
I watched in rapt fascination as Bobby stepped in front of us, stopping three or four feet away. "Closer." Mom said, reaching out for his hand and pulling him within a foot of us. His cock was still soft, and as I looked at him, I could see his balls pulled up tightly next to his body and his thick cock hanging down in front of them.
"Bobby." Mom said, calling his name to get his attention. "Look at me."
When he looked up at her, she asked, "When you refer to your penis, what do you call it? What I mean is, do you call it your penis? Your dick? Your cock?"
"Uh..... my cock, I guess." Bobby answered, looking away from her, clearly embarrassed and trying to avoid her eyes.
"Sweetheart," Mom continued, "I want you to look at me and your sister..... look straight at us, and in your most believable voice, I want you to ask us both to examine it. Make sure you use the word 'Cock', Bobby. Ask us to touch it, and remember to say please. Try to be as convincing as you can."
Bobby shuddered as he heard Mom's request. He raised his hands to his face and rubbed his forehead and his cheeks. The redness in his face deepened and his breathing became short and choppy.
"You have to do this, Son." Mom said, tenderly. "We have to get this out of the way."
It seemed like an eternity, but in reality, it was probably only ten or fifteen seconds before he tried to speak. He had to clear his throat and start twice, but, he did it.
"Sandra," my little brother began, looking directly into my eyes and taking a huge breath, "and Mom," he continued, looking at her now, "I'd very much like you to.... uh........"
Bobby's voice trailed off and we couldn't hear his last few words. When I looked up at him, he was valiantly trying to keep eye contact with Mom, but his eyes were filling up with tears so rapidly, he finally had no choice but to lower his eyes to the carpet and let the tears stream down his cheeks.
Bobby's chest was fluttering and it was hard for him to catch a breath. He kept trying to speak, but between his crying and not being able to take a breath, all that came out of his mouth was a gasp for air and the pitiful moaning of his sobbing.
I just couldn't sit there and watch this. Without even a thought about what mother would think, or say, I stood up next to my little brother and wrapped my arms around his waist and pulled myself squarely against his side.
Leaning up to his ear, I whispered to him. "Okay, just relax, Bobby." I said. "We're going to breathe together...... me and you...... here we go.... stay with me now."
I stood next to my very naked brother, while Mom sat there watching, for about three minutes. It took him about thirty seconds to calm down, and once he started to breathe along with me, his crying began to subside. I kept standing next to him and as we breathed in unison, I leaned up to him again and whispered so softly, I didn't think Mom could hear me.
"They're just words, Bobby. That's all." I whispered. "Mom and I both know exactly what you're feeling right now, but I'm not going to let you give up. I don't want you to move out. You have to try it again..... you have to say those words."
You might think I'd be sick and repulsed by my little brother's seemingly weak nature. But the truth is, until today, I hadn't seen Bobby cry or shed a tear since Dad's funeral. He hardly ever shows any emotion over anything, and the fact that he'd already cried several times today spoke volumes to me. So, I couldn't sit there and watch him be emotionally torn up over a few words, especially this early into his punishment. I was compelled to go to his aid, and if mother didn't like it, that was just too damn bad.
I stood there with my arms around my brother's waist for just a little longer - until I was sure his breathing was under control and he felt steady. Then, I pulled his face to look at me, gave him a kiss on his cheek and whispered, "Don't you dare give up."
Returning to the couch and sitting down next to Mom, she looked at me and she was smiling as tears were pooling in her eyes. She put her arms around me and whispered "That was so sweet. Thank you."
"Please." My little brother said clearly, looking right into my eyes. "Would you please examine my cock? Mom and Sandra, I'd really like you to examine me. Please?"
Even though I actually heard him say those words, I was literally shocked out of my wits when Mom's hand came forward and she gently placed her palm under his balls and cupped them in her hand. Bobby shuddered at her touch, but Mom didn't pull back. "Stand still, please." Mom said, as she wrapped her fingers tenderly around his pink sack and felt him.
Bobby's cock responded immediately, and just as if it happened in slow motion, I watched his penis begin to swell and grow. In a matter of seconds, he was beginning to get hard and his cock was starting to lift from its resting place. I thought Mom might stop and pull her hand away, but, she didn't. In fact, she started lightly massaging his balls and in a few seconds, my little brother's cock was pointing out directly in front of him -- right at me.
"It's okay, just let it happen, Sweetheart." Mom said, softly. "There's nothing to be ashamed about. You have a nice, healthy penis and it's simply reacting to the way I'm touching you. Just be still and let Sandra and I do what we need to do here."
I looked up at Bobby and his eyes were closed. His chest was moving in and out, and he was breathing evenly now. Mom's eyes were trained directly on Bobby's cock and as she continued to cradle his balls in her hand, his cock got harder and harder. Before long, it was pointing up toward the ceiling, almost as if it was straining to reach the roof. And what I thought was an average length penis before he got hard was now in the "OMG" category. He was thick and long and hard and it was the most beautiful cock I'd ever had the pleasure of seeing.
Bobby's cock wasn't only 'Beefy', but, it was truly beautiful. His shaft was covered with flawless, flesh colored skin and the head of his cock was perfectly proportional to the size of his shaft. There were squiggly looking blue and purple veins running up the side of his shaft, and as I looked at them, I could almost see them pulse as the blood pumped through them.
His cock was undoubtedly the most impressive one I'd ever come across, and as I looked at him closely, I began to wonder exactly how it would feel inside me...... how I would feel as he slipped it into me, filling my vagina to the brim with that beautiful, fat phallus.
But, I think my mother, sitting beside me, was even more affected than I was. Her eyes were about to pop out of her sockets and she was breathing harder than he was! Her chest was almost heaving as she sat there, holding his balls and watching his cock inflate. One thing for sure -- we'd talked earlier about perhaps helping Bobby lose his virginity -- and looking at my Mom as she stared at my little brother's cock, I knew without a doubt I'd have to fight her for that honor now.
Bobby's cock started to pulsate once it reached its full, majestic size. I watched Mom's other hand rise up out of her lap, and slowly, she curled her fingers around his thick shaft. I was mesmerized watching Mom's dainty, slender fingers try desperately to fully grasp my brother's cock, but it was impossible for her to do -- he was just too thick.
The leaking between my legs was rampant now, and as I sat there, I could feel how wet my panties were. Never had I been this turned-on simply by seeing a guy's cock, and with it so close in front of me, my juices were flowing liberally and I was sure my panties were turning into a sopping, wet mess.
Bobby started to moan a little when Mom's fingers snuggled themselves around his shaft. "Shhhh, Sweetheart." Mom whispered. "Just be still and let me do this. I'm not going to hurt you."
Mom's fingers were lightly squeezing my little brother's cock. Maybe it was unconscious on her part, but, when I looked up at Bobby's face, I saw him looking down at what Mom was doing. His mouth was open and he was taking deep breaths, but when our eyes met, the look on his face told me he was starting to go into sensory overload.
All of a sudden, Mom let go of Bobby's cock and pulled both her hands back into her lap. "Sandra," she said, her voice cracking and weak, "go ahead and examine your little brother's cock now."
Mom's words caused my heart to quicken and as I turned to look at her, she nodded her head. "It's alright, Dear. He has to get used to both of us touching him. Don't be shy and don't forget, you have every right to do this."
Oh, I can guarantee I wasn't shy. I just didn't want to appear too eager to feel that wonderful looking organ in my hands. Although Mom and I already admitted to each other that we were both excited about having Bobby naked in front of us, I had to keep up the appearance I was dong this as part of Bobby's punishment. If she knew how desperately I now wanted to feel his girth in my hands...... in my mouth..... and inside my pussy, I wasn't sure how she'd react. So, I followed her lead and slowly reached out for my first feel of my brother's majestic cock.
Unlike her, though, I reached out with both hands, grasping his rod with one hand just under the head of his penis, and the other at the bottom of his shaft. I tried to make it look like I was being gentle, but once my fingers were wrapped around him as far as they would go, I slowly began to squeeze him, feeling the spongy softness of his skin finally give way to the hardness underneath.
Bobby's cock head seem to swell when I squeezed him, and then I felt him flinch and his cock muscles contracted. I looked up into his eyes and he was staring down at me, watching what I was doing.
I released the pressure of my fingers and then squeezed him again, this time releasing him much quicker. I did this three or four times, and each time I did it, my little brother's cock reacted by flinching and contracting.
I was watching the head of his penis as I did this, and it rhythmically swelled in response to my squeezing. Bobby moaned again, and as he moaned, a bubble of precum appeared at the tip of his cock. I heard Mom's sharp intake of breath when the bubble appeared, but she didn't move or say a word. And as I squeezed him one more time, the bubble of precum that was haphazardly balanced at the tip of his cock rolled down his cock head and onto my fingers.
In the next five seconds, more precum bubbled up through the tip of his cock and balanced there precariously before being pushed out by more, and then more precum. It was all gathering on my clenched fingers under his cock head, and when Mom stirred next to me, I glanced in her direction to see her staring at the shiny, slippery substance that was coating my fingers.
"Bobby, be still, please." Mom said calmly, as he swayed from side to side. "Let your sister finish what she has to do. You've been very good so far, don't spoil it now."
"Go ahead." Mom said to me, softly. "You can continue."
I wasn't sure exactly what she was trying to tell me. I mean, Bobby's precum was evidence that he was extremely aroused. Did she want me to do more? Should I stroke him? Surely she knew that might make him cum. Or, maybe she wanted me to squeeze him some more -- perhaps milk more of his precum out of him.
Not knowing exactly what she wanted me to do, I squeezed my little brother's cock again, but this time, I squeezed him hard and it caused his cock head to turn a deep purple color and mushroom up bigger than it had before. Bobby was panting now and his pelvis was pushing out toward me. Now, a small stream of precum flowed freely from the tip of his penis causing the fluid that had gathered on my fingers to start to run down my hand.
Out of the corner of my eye, I saw Mom raise her hand. Turning to look at her, I watched as she touched her finger to Bobby's cock head and pulled back a thick drop of his precum. In a million years, I would have never anticipated what she did next, but, she did it so smoothly, I had no choice but to just sit there and watch.
With the drop of precum on her finger, Mom stood up and placed her free hand on Bobby's chest. Then patting his chest very softly, she raised her hand with the precum covered finger and rubbed it against Bobby's lips. Reaching down to his cock to gather up more precum, she raised her hand again and placed the tip of her finger right in front of his mouth.
"You have to learn to respect and obey your mother, Sweetheart." Mom said, almost whispering to him. "No matter what I ask of you, you have to do it. That's the rules."
I saw Bobby nod his head slightly, and when he did, Mom gently pushed just the tip of her finger into his mouth. "Suck now." Mom whispered, faintly.
Bobby did what he was told, and after fifteen seconds of sucking, Mom pulled her finger out and immediately touched the head of his cock again, this time gathering up as much precum as her finger would allow, and she held it up to his mouth. Bobby opened his lips, and again, Mom pushed her finger in and he sucked it.
Mom pulled her finger out of his mouth and reached down to pull my hand away from Bobby's cock. Then, pulling me up to stand beside her, she looked up at him and told him he'd made a mess on my hand.
"Sandra," Mom said, calmly, "let your brother clean your hand."
Like I was in some kind of a daze, I raised my hand up to Bobby's face. He reached out with his right hand, taking my hand in his, and then one by one, guided my fingers into his mouth and sucked all the precum from each digit. When he was done with my fingers, he turned my hand over and licked my palm and then the back.
When he was done, Mom put both her hands on Bobby's chest and told him he'd been very good. "Thank you, Sweetheart. It's important that you learn to do what your mother says. And, I can see you're trying very hard to obey and do what you're told. I'm very happy about that, and so is your sister."
I tried to say something, but, my throat was dry and when I tried to agree with her, it sounded like I was croaking. Clearing my throat, though, I finally looked up at Bobby, gave him the sweetest smile I could make, and told him I was happy, too.
As we stood there, Mom reached down and placed the palm of her hand on Bobby's cock head and grasped him tenderly, smearing the precum around the head of his cock and then running her fist down his shaft. She jacked him furiously for five or six seconds and then suddenly stopped.
Pulling her hand away, Mom sat down and pulled me down next to her. "I know that was difficult for you, Sweetheart, but you did very well." Mom told Bobby. "You didn't complain and you obeyed me. You have no idea how pleased I am about that. You even passed the little test I gave you with flying colors. And Sweetheart," Mom added, in a very loving tone, "I don't want you to be ashamed of what I made you do. There's nothing wrong with a young man tasting his own precum."
"Keep in mind," though, "your sister and I have every right to touch you any time we want to, and we will be doing that. Each day you'll be presented with a test of obedience and I expect you to do exactly as you're told. I promise I won't ask more than I know you can give and we'll be here to help you. You might feel humiliated or ashamed by doing it, but, you have to be strong and do exactly as your sister and I ask."
Bobby listened to Mom as she spoke, nodding his head up and down. His cock was slathered with his precum and even more had bubbled out now, creating a small, clear stream of the shiny stuff all the way down his pole. Mom pointed to the box of tissues and asked me to wipe off Bobby's cock, and as I got up to reach for the tissue box, the phone rang.
I looked at Mom, just assuming she'd let the answering machine take the call. But, she got up, saying it might be Joyce returning her call, and walked into the kitchen to pick up the phone.
I stood next to my brother with the tissues in my hand and we looked at each other. It was one of those times that you didn't know what to say. I knew his life was about to be turned inside out and he was going to be embarrassed and humiliated worse than anyone could ever imagine. Slowly, though, I grasped his cock lightly and began to wipe the wet precum from his cock.
As I wiped him down, he said, "Thank you, Sandra. At the beginning, I was about to grab my clothes and walk out. If you wouldn't have stood up and helped me, I'd have......."
"It's okay." I said, interrupting him. "I don't want you to have to move out. But, I'd like to give you some advice if you're willing to take it."
"Sure." He answered softly.
"Well...." I began, "first -- you should do everything you can to make sure you get your nightly reward. I can't say more than that. But, if you ever believed anything I ever told you, you need to believe that. I promise the nightly reward is something you want."
"Yeah," Bobby replied, "I think I already figured that out. But, thanks for telling me."
"Next," I said, "I don't care what it is we ask you to do, just do it. Don't think about it, don't try to get out of it...... just do it willingly -- no matter how crazy it might seem or how humiliating it might be -- just do it. I promise I'll help you when it gets tough. We can also give you special rewards..... I know Mom didn't tell you about that, but we've already discussed it and we're prepared to do it. Trust me, you're going to like all the rewards."
"Two more things........" I said, looking up at him. "I don't know if you'll understand this, but, the more willing you are to do something embarrassing or humiliating, or let something be done to you -- the easier things will be. If you can just let yourself be submissive to us for the next seven days, that will really help you out. Keep that in mind."
"Last thing is this," I said, trying to find the exact words I was looking for, "I know you've got some interest in panties, Bobby." As soon as I said that, he started getting nervous and he wouldn't look me in the eye.
"Don't worry," I assured him, "I'm fine with it, and it sort of turns me on. But, I'd like to talk to you about a mutually beneficial arrangement I've got in mind..... something related to panties. My panties. Are you interested?"
"Is this on the level?" He asked. "Is this some kind of test? A trap Mom's going to find out about?"
"No, this is private." I answered. "Just between me and you, I swear."
"Yeah, sure." Bobby said. "I'm interested."
"Okay." I said. "We'll talk about it later. For now, just keep it in mind."
We finished talking just in time, because Mom turned the corner into the living room just as we were done.
"I see you're all cleaned up." Mom said to Bobby, in an upbeat tone. "And, I have a little news to share."
Bobby and I both looked at her. After a second, Mom announced we'd be taking our first outing tomorrow morning. "I've got it all arranged. But," she added, "this means you'll need a bath tonight, Bobby."
"I don't want us to be up all night tonight." Mom added, looking straight at my brother.
"Your sister and I want you to try on your new bra and panties, Bobby, and we still need to have dinner, give you your bath and of course, make time for your spanking and a reward if you keep up your good behavior." Mom said.
It was already 4:00 PM. The day had gone so fast, and it didn't even seem like it was that late. But, Mom told us we'd have to work together to get dinner on the table, and then I'd give Bobby his first bath while she cleaned up. After that, Bobby would get his first spanking.
I couldn't wait to hear about our outing tomorrow. I hoped it was Joyce that called and they'd arranged a time for Bobby to have his bikini wax. But, there was still plenty of things happening tonight. I was going to give my little brother a bath, shave his legs, help Mom give him his spanking..... and if he still deserved it, I'd help Mom give Bobby his first reward.
To be continued...