Mom gives son a blowjob and making love and fucking, they have hot sex the next morning.
Continued from Chapter 1:
Then, again, as if there was a drumroll going off on his head that played alongside strippers' music, he watched his mother stick her thumbs in her panty band and slowly push them down. Slower and lower, she pushed down her panties. Giving their neighbor and him a real, sexy, striptease show, she continued moving her panties down slower and lower. Still not believing his eyes, he saw the top of his mother's brown, trimmed pubic hair.
'Oh, my God, my mother is such a slut. My mother is such a whore,' he thought while staring.
Then, when she turned to show their neighbor her shapely, naked ass and leaned from the waist to moon him, he saw her round, firm, naked ass. She reached her hands back to spread her ass cheeks to give their neighbor, Bob, a good look at her asshole and pussy. Then, facing him again, she slowly moved her panties down lower to exposed her naked pussy to him. She removed her panties from her ankles and tossed them on the bed.
'Oh, my God. My mother is naked. I can't believe my mother is naked. I can't believe she stripped herself naked for our neighbor. I can't believe she's showing her naked body to our, old neighbor, Bob.'
With his mother just as tall, just as sexy, just as shapely, and just as pretty as Erin Andrews, he couldn't help himself from thinking that he was watching Erin Andrews parading around her Nashville Marriott hotel room naked. Now he wondered how many other men had seen his mother in her underwear, topless, and/or naked. He wondered if this was her first time deliberately flashing a man or if this was something she regularly did. Maybe she did this all the time, especially whenever he wasn't home.
Maybe she flashed herself at the mall too. Maybe on her way to the mall, she flashed truckers and the toll booth attendant her tits and panties. Maybe while trying on boots a size too small, she flashed the shoe store salesman her panties. Maybe when trying on a sweater too tight, when removing it in the middle of a crowded department store, instead of just lifting her too tight sweater, she lifted her blouse and bra to expose her tits too. Maybe when trying on clothes in a dressing room that still used a curtain for privacy, she purposely didn't close the curtain all the way and flashed unsuspecting men waiting for their wives and girlfriends her underwear clad, topless, and/or naked body.
'Oh, my God, he'd love to go to the mall with her to watch her flash her panties and breasts to some unsuspecting men.'
Maybe when sitting at the food court, on the bus, and/or on the train, she deliberately sat with her knees parted enough to flash her bright, white, bikini panties. Maybe when sitting at the food court, on the bus, and/or on the train, she wore a blouse and bra low cut enough to show those men standing over her all that they wanted to see of her bra, her cleavage, tits, her areolas, and her nipples. Maybe she wore short, light, flared skirts on a windy day to flash men her panties.
'Definitely, if he finds out that his mother is an exhibitionist, they'll be going to the mall to do some flashing. Or maybe she'd agree to go with him to a nude beach. How hot would that be to watch a bunch of horny men ogling his mother's naked body while he ogled her naked body?'
If her being naked wasn't enough, further shocking the shit out of him, she had a dildo in one hand and a vibrator in the other. Never thinking that his mother masturbated, he didn't even know she owned a dildo and a vibrator. Teasing her nipples with her vibrator, she took her dildo in her mouth to suck it and lick it before she impaled her pussy with her dildo. His mother was masturbating herself for their neighbor. Just as he couldn't believe his mother had stripped herself naked for their neighbor, he couldn't believe his mother was now masturbating herself for their neighbor too.
'Oh, my God, I don't believe this,' he thought while fingering the head of his cock through his jeans.
No longer able to control himself, he unzipped himself and pulled out his cock again. He stroked his cock faster in his right hand. He moved his hand up to his mouth and spit into the palm to make it slick, as slick as he imagined his mother's pussy juice was.
Chapter 2:
As if he was a cat burglar or a Navy Seals' Six team member on a mission, Jennifer's son, John, ran along the side of his neighbor's house and out of sight of his neighbor's windows. His mother's bedroom was brightly lit as if she was painting her bedroom in the early hours of the morning. John knew she couldn't see his dark shadow running down their driveway because of the reflection of light in her windows.
Unable to control his lust for his mother any longer, not making a sound, he unlocked and opened the backdoor. He silently closed and locked the backdoor. Then, one slow, deliberate step at a time, he stealthily made his way through the unlit kitchen and down the darkened hall and to his mother's bedroom.
'Oh, my God. Oh, my God,' he thought as he neared his mother's bedroom. He held his breath for fear she'd hear him excitedly breathing. About to leap across the incestuous line, he was about to see his mother naked. He was about to watch his mother masturbating herself.
Never had he ever been as nervous to be in his own house. He couldn't help but feel that he was an intruder breaking in and invading his own house. This is how a rapist must feel when about to violently attack a woman. If peeping on his mother from outside wasn't violation enough, suddenly feeling guilty and suddenly feeling perversely perverted, he was about to spy on her while he was inside his house.
Yet, she was the one undressing in front of her bedroom window with the light on, the shade up, and the drapes wide open. She was the one standing in front of her window in her bra and panty, topless, and naked. She was the one who showed no modesty, embarrassment, and/or shame. He wasn't about to feel guilty for looking at all that she was showing.
Creeping closer to her open bedroom door, he took care not to make a sound that would warn her that he was there or that someone was there in the house with her. He didn't want her to know that he was there just outside of her bedroom ogling her naked body and watching her pleasure herself. With him having never seen as much as his mother's bra strap, early this morning he saw her in her panty and bra, topless, and naked. Now, hoping for sex, he was about to receive an up close and personal view of his mother's naked body.
He stood there in the darkened hall while watching his mother. With her lying on her back with her feet up in the air, her legs spread wide open, and her dildo buried in her cunt, she was masturbating herself for the mutual masturbation pleasure of their neighbor, Bob. He watched her teasing her nipples with her vibrator while fucking herself with her dildo. Really going at it her pussy with her dildo, as if having an orgasm was her mission in life, she seemed determined to cum. If it wasn't enough that he was watching his mother orgasm, he was about to hear his mother orgasm. Always wondering what sounds she made and what she said while cumming, he couldn't believe he was about to hear his mother having an orgasm.
"Oh, my God, Bob, fuck me," she said. "I'm so fucking horny. If you were here right now, I'd suck your frigging cock. I'd allow you to cum in my mouth and I'd swallow your cum. If you were here right now, I'd fuck you. I'd fuck your cock. God, I want to get laid. I need to get laid. I need to have an orgasm. I need to cum. God, I want a big cock in my hand, in my mouth, and in my pussy," said his mother continuing to fuck herself with her dildo while teasing her nipples with her vibrator.
Before he could see her from the hall, he heard her. Never had he ever heard his mother use such foul, sexual language. Imagining her giving him sexy pillow talk, he liked hearing his mother talk dirty. Hearing her talk dirty made him hot. Hearing her talk dirty made him want her even more. Then, taking it upon himself to make the next incestuous move, freeing himself of his clothes as if his clothes were on fire, John stripped himself naked. Just as his mother was naked, he was naked too.
He fondled his cock while watching his mother fondle her tits. He stroked his cock while watching his mother rub her clit. He masturbated himself in the way his mother was masturbating herself too. Now, more than ever, he so wanted to have sex with his mother. Now more than ever he wanted to fuck his mother. Forget about making love, he wanted to fuck her.
Then, taking care for her not to hear him, avoiding every creaking floorboard, he stepped closer to his mother's bedroom. Now able to see her from the neck down, he watched her touching herself, feeling herself, rubbing herself, fingering herself, and masturbating herself. Then, with him suddenly feeling jealously possessive, wanting his mother all to himself, he reached his hand inside her bedroom wall to switch off the overhead light.
Her bedroom was now as dark as Bob's bedroom. Not even able to see his hand in front of his face, until his eyes adjusted to the lack of light, he couldn't see a damn thing. Only, he could still hear his mother fucking herself with her dildo. With his mother unafraid of the dark, he figured she thought there was a power outage or that she was late paying the electric bill again. Still, before she heard him and defended herself with a weapon, he called out to her.
"Mom? It's okay. It's just me," he said rushing to the window to pull the shade and close the drapes.
Then, as if he was a magician exposing a magic trick, he turned on the light. Making no move to cover her nakedness, there she was in all of her glory. His mother was naked. He couldn't believe he was seeing his mother naked. In the middle of having an orgasm and with her feet in the air, his mother was still on the bed with her legs spread and her dildo buried in her cunt. In the way that she stared at him with incestuous lust, he stared at her with incestuous lust.
"Oh, my God, John. What are you doing home? I thought you'd be out all night. I'm so embarrassed," she said trying to compose herself and come down from the sexual excitement she was feeling and the sexual orgasm she was having. Only, she was too sexually excited to be embarrassed. "Oh my God. Fuck! John, I'm cumming. I'm cumming."
With her not making any move to conceal or to cover her nakedness, she didn't seem ashamed, embarrassed, or humiliated. If she was anything at all, she was sexually excited. She stared at him with sexual excitement in the way that he stared at her with sexual excitement. Seemingly, in the way she sexually wanted him, he sexually wanted her too.
With her legs still spread wide open and her feet still up in the air, he watched his mother cum before she collapsed onto the mattress and onto her pillow. With him less than 10 feet away from her naked, pink, glistening pussy, he could smell the musky aroma of his mother's cunt. With his mother's nipples so very big and erect, he so wanted to finger her nipples. With his mother's nipples so very hard, he wanted to fondle her breasts while sucking her nipples. With his mother's pussy so glistening wet, he wanted to finger his mother's pussy before licking his mother's pussy and then fuck his mother's pussy. As if this was all a dream, a sexual fantasy, never had he been as sexually aroused as he was now.
"It's okay Mom. I'm here for you now," he said sitting beside her on the bed.
Not sure what to do first, he did something he always wanted to do. He leaned to her and kissed her. He kissed his mother. He couldn't believe he kissed his mother. Never having kissed her other than giving her a kiss on her birthday, a kiss at Christmas, a kiss on his birthday, a kiss at New Year's, and a kiss on Valentine's Day, this kiss was different. This kiss was longer and more passionate.
As soon as he touched her lips with his lips, he parted her lips with his tongue. Thinking that she'd slap his face and/or push him away, he couldn't believe his mother willingly allowed him to part her lips to allow his tongue inside of her mouth. He was French kissing his mother. He couldn't believe he was French kissing his mother. With her French kissing him in return, he couldn't believe she was French kissing him too. Kissing and kissing her and with her kissing and kissing him too, he couldn't believe he was making out with his mother.
'Oh, my God,' he thought.
With their kissing the prelude to them licking and sucking before making love and fucking, he couldn't believe he was about to have sex with his mother.
"No," she said pushing him away. "We can't do this, Johnny. We mustn't do this. This is wrong. This is forbidden. This is incest."
He sat up while staring at her. With her making no attempt to cover her nakedness, he reached out his hand to feel her breast and fondle her breast, first one and then the other. He was feeling his mother's tits. He couldn't believe he was feeling his mother's tits. Then, with her not stopping him from touching her and feeling her, he fingered her nipples. She looked down at his fingers while he fingered her nipples.
"Why not?"
When there was nothing coy and innocent about him, he gave her a coy and innocent look. She looked at him as if she was an innocent virgin. Only, with his mother having a sexual past, she was no virgin. Obviously by her teasing her neighbor with her naked body, she wasn't innocent either. She took a big, sexually excited breath when he reached his hand down to rub her clit and finger her pussy.
'Oh, my God,' he couldn't believe his mother allowed him to feel her tits, finger her nipples, and was now allowing him to finger her pussy, even after telling him that incest was forbidden and was wrong.
"Because I'm your mother and you're my son," she said obviously, sexually aroused by him French kissing her, fingering her nipples, and fingering her pussy.
Impaling her deeper with his finger while wiggling his finger inside of his mother's cunt, she gasped. He continued wiggling his finger while moving his finger deeper inside of her. She was so wet, so very wet. He suddenly had the urge to eat her. He suddenly had the urge to lick her pussy while fingering her pussy before fucking her pussy. Yet, much more than just an urge, he suddenly had the need to lick her pussy while fingering her pussy before fucking his mother. In the way he needed to take his next breath and breathe, he needed to fuck his mother.
"We're both consenting adults. Just as you can give me what I need, I can give you what you need too," he said sexually excitedly. "You no longer have to flash our neighbor, Bob," he said leaning down to kiss her again. "You have me now for that."
He leaned down to kiss her again and when she returned his kiss, he moved her hand to his cock and as soon as she did, she wrapped her fingers around his still prick. His mother was holding his erect prick. He couldn't believe his mother had her long fingers wrapped around his cock. She slowly stroked him while he continued fingering her pussy. Then, she said something that only his mother said in his sexual fantasy and now was saying while he was wide awake.
"It's been such a very long time since I've a cock in my hand, in my pussy, and/or in my mouth," she said looking up at him with her big, brown eyes. "May I suck you?"
'What? Seriously? Even after she voiced her protest that incest was forbidden and that incestuous sex was wrong, his mother just asked his permission to suck him? Permission granted,' he thought while laughing over his mother asking his permission to suck him.
"Yes, Mother, my beautiful, sexy, and shapely mother. I'd love for you to suck me. I'd love for you to take my hard cock in your warm, wet mouth," he said. "I'd love for you to take all 8" of me down to my balls and swallow my warm, oozy cum, the cum I've imagined you sucking out of me for years, Mother."
As if he was imagining it, as if he was dreaming it, and as if he was sexually fantasizing it, he watched her lean her mouth down to him. She turned her head to the side to look up at him before she sucked him. Obviously teasing him and a sexy game she needed to play, she wanted to make sure that he was seeing her with his hard, hairy cock in her mouth. He couldn't wait for his mother to take him in her mouth.
He watched her take him in her hand. He watched her wrap her long, manicured fingers around his cock and slowly stroke him while staring up at him. His mother was giving him a hand job. He couldn't believe his mother was giving him a hand job. Then, his sexual fantasy finally come true, he watched her take him in her mouth. His mother was sucking his erect prick. His mother was giving him a blowjob. He couldn't believe his mother was giving him a blowjob while she stared up at him with her big, brown eyes.
His mother had his cock in her hand and in her mouth. He couldn't believe his mother was stroking him while sucking him. As if he was still drunk and dreaming this, he couldn't believe his eyes. He held her long, brown hair back from her pretty face so that he could watch her sucking while stroking him. Even though he could feel his cock in her hand and her hand stroking him, he couldn't believe his mother was stroking him. Even though he could feel his cock in her mouth and his mother blowing him, he couldn't believe his mother was blowing him.
Really sucking him now, it was obvious that she wanted him to cum in her mouth as much as he wanted to cum in her mouth. Only, before he ejaculated all of his energy in her willing mouth, he wanted to make love to his mother first. He wanted to fuck his mother first before ejaculating his cum in her mouth. She removed his cock from her mouth to speak.
"It's so very late, John," she said looking over at her alarm clock. "I'll blow you for now. You can cum in my mouth and I'll swallow your cum. Okay? You can stay here with me and sleep in my bed. Then, tomorrow, you can make love to me. Tomorrow, you can fuck me. Tomorrow you can make me your woman and make me your bitch," she said taking his cock in her mouth again.
Obviously determined to make him cum in her mouth, she stroked him faster and sucked him deeper.
'Oh, my God, Mom,' he thought while watching her stroking him while sucking him.
Then, putting a gentle hand to the back of his mother's pretty head, he couldn't believe his mother was sucking his cock. Stroking him faster, she sucked him deeper. Then, as if his cum was cumming up from his toes, he ejaculated a huge load of cum in his mother's mouth. With her nose still buried in his pubic hair, she claimed his cock as her own.
Still sucking him and milking him, she swallowed every last drop of him. He kept cumming and cumming and she continued swallowing and swallowing. Finally draining him dry, she turned off the light and they slept together for the first time since he was a toddler. He couldn't believe he was naked with his naked mother and sleeping with her in her bed. His life couldn't be any better than this. Now, he couldn't wait for tomorrow when he'd make love to his mother before fucking his mother.
"Good night, John," she said touching his shoulder in the way that only his mother touched his shoulder.
He affectionately patted her naked ass.
"Good night, Mom," he said.
All he could think about was waking up next to his naked mother tomorrow. All he could think about was making love to his mother tomorrow. All he could think about was fucking his mother tomorrow, really fucking her and pounding her pussy deep in the mattress. He couldn't wait for tomorrow to make love to his mother. He couldn't wait for tomorrow to fuck his mother. He couldn't wait to make his mother his woman and his bitch.
# # # Lady of Erotica # # #
Johnny woke with a start. Accustomed to sleeping alone unless he was sleeping with some slut he picked up at the bar the night before, he wasn't alone. Not sure where he was or who he was with, the room looked familiar. He was in his mother's room. How did he get in here? He looked at the woman sleeping beside him, she was his mother.
'Oh, my God,' he thought while gently removing the sheet from her shoulder. Not seeing any evidence of her wearing a nightgown, his mother was naked. 'She's naked. His mother was naked. Oh, my God. He's naked and in bed with his naked mother. Did they have sex last night?'
He didn't remember coming home. He couldn't remember removing his clothes. He couldn't remember walking in his mother's room and getting in his mother's bed. With the erotic thought of him in bed naked with his naked mother, his morning wood immediately jutted out from the front of his body. Then, as if it was all preordained, he felt a soft, gentle hand take hold of his stiff prick.
"Good morning," she said. "Is this for me?" He jumped as if he was still dreaming. "Oh sweetie, don't be frightened. It's just me, your lover, your soulmate, and your mother, all rolled into one, Johnny," she said with a dirty laugh.
He looked at her looking at him with love and said the only thing he could say.
"Mom," he said.
She laughed at his obvious confusion.
"Last night, I wanted your cock so badly but it was late, so very late. It's been way too long, sweet boy, since Mommy has had a hard cock in her hand, in her mouth, and in her pussy," she said raising herself up on her elbow. "Mommy needs you. Mommy needs a big, hard cock deep inside her," she said squeezing his prick while stroking his prick. "Would you do that for me? Would you mind making love to your mother before fucking your mother?"
'Huh? What? His mother just asked him to make love to her before he fucks her? Definitely he was dreaming,' he thought.
Johnny's mind was still fuzzy from the effects of the alcohol he had consumed the night before. He couldn't shake the dreamy sense that somehow and in some sexually, incestuous way, he had done a lewd sex act with his mother. As if he was trying to remember a dream, he vaguely remembered her swallowing his rampant cock and his cum as his body throbbed and wrenched before he ejaculated his cum into his mother's mouth. He remembered she promised him sex in the morning. Only, had he dreamt all of that? Unable to tell fantasy from fiction, yet, here he was naked in bed with his naked mother.
His sexual fantasy finding coming true with him now naked and sexually intimate with his mother, he couldn't believe it. He understood why he'd want to have sex with her but why would she want to have sex with him? Even though he believed he had sex with her, he still wasn't sure. Would she actually give him sex? Had he already had sex with his mother? He couldn't remember but, again, as proof positive, here he was in bed with her naked.
He removed more of the sheet from his mother to expose the tops of her breasts, her cleavage, and then going for broke, he pulled the sheet lower to expose all of her breasts, her areolas, and her nipples. His mother's tits were right there before his horny eyes. He pushed the sheet all the way down to not only expose his hard cock to his mother but also to expose her pussy and ass to him too.
Still not believing he had sex with his mother and still not believing she promised him sex this morning, his mind continued to swirl as he felt her hand softly caress his throbbing cock. Being sexually intimate with his mother was his dream come true. Did she blow him last night? Would she really have sex with him this morning? Would she allow him to fill her with his cock and cum into her womb where he came from and had emerged twenty-two years ago? Would she really fuck him and suck him while he was wide awake and not drunk?
'Fuck. Wow. Oh, my God.'
The defining moment, this the moment of truth that he had lusted over for years. Still, until they were having sex, really having sex, he still wondered if his mother would have sex with him? As proof that she would, she was in bed with him naked with her hand wrapped around his stiff prick. Then, he wondered if he had forced himself on his mother last night.
Trying to remember, he couldn't remember. Then, remembering more, he remembered her standing at her bedroom window stripping off her clothes. He remembered his neighbor Bob, old Bob, taking a photo of his mother's tits. Remembering even more, he remembered her standing in front of her window in her bra and panties, topless, and naked. With him so horny and her standing in her window stripping off her clothes, he was finally more. He was finally remembering it all.
"Mom. Oh, Mom," he gasped when she fondled the tip of the swollen head of his penis with her fingertips. "I'm so sorry. It's all my fault. I saw you in the window stripping for old Bob next door. You were naked and I was overcome with lust for you," he said.
He stared down at her naked tits and naked pussy before looking up at his mother's pretty face and in her brown eyes. She looked at him with love while he looked at her with incestuous lust.
"Shh, shh, shh," she said kissing his forehead. "It's okay. You're my son and I love you."
She looked at him with compassionate understanding.
"Forgive me, Mom. Please forgive me. I'm so ashamed in forcing myself on you." he said. "I can't believe I did that to you, Mom. I love you so much. I'd never do anything to hurt you. I can't believe I raped you," he said while looking as if he was about to cry.
She looked at him as if she was going to burst out laughing.
"Raped me? You didn't rape me. If anyone took sexual advantage of anyone, I took sexual advantage of you by blowing you. As horny and as sexually frustrated as you were, I wanted you just as much as you wanted me," she said with a dirty laugh.
He looked at her with confusion.
"Then, I don't understand," he said looking at his mother with sexual excitement. "Why were you undressing in front of your bedroom window? Why were you giving Bob a striptease and masturbation show? Have you had sex with him? Did you fuck him?"
She made a sour face as if she had just bit a lemon.
"Fuck him? I'd never fuck that horrid, old bastard next door but he gives me $100 every time I strip for him and masturbate. You know how short money has been since your father left. Sometimes, for another hundred dollars, while going next door for a drink, I masturbate him and allow him to cum in my hand or on my tits. He offered me $200 to blow him and another $200 to fuck him but stripping naked, masturbating myself, and giving him a hand job is as far as I've gone. I give him my striptease show every Saturday night when you're out partying. The money I receive from him that night allows me to buy groceries for us the next morning."
He looked at her horrified that his mother had been prostituting herself for grocery money. Hell, he spends more than that drinking and buying drinks for his friends and for women.
"No, mom! No, damn it! Don't let that old motherfucker touch you ever again," cried Johnny. "I'll take care of you. I'll stop drinking. I'll give you the money I would have spent at the bar. Instead of going out drinking, as long as you stop stripping in front of your window and giving old Bob hand jobs, I'll work overtime and give you that money too."
She smiled and kissed him on the lips.
"You're my lover now. I don't have to do that anymore. I love your cock Johnny," she said. "I've spied on you for years. Creeping around the house, I've watched you dress and undress. I've even watched you take a shower. You never knew that I was there watching you and lusting over you," she said. "Then, while imagining sucking you and fucking you, I'd masturbate myself over seeing your cock.
He looked at her with sexual excitement.
"If only I had known you sexually wanted me as much as I sexually wanted you, we could have had sex a long time ago," he said.
She gave him a motherly smile while she continued holding and fondling his erect prick in her hand. Then, ever so slowly, she started stroking him. The sensation of his mother giving him a hand job was unbelievable and something he could never imagine.
"As you grew to manhood, bulging out your jeans and your pajama bottoms, I watched your cock grow bigger. Staring at your prick without you ever noticing, my mind locked onto the image of it in my hand, in my mouth, and in my pussy. I so wanted to taste you in my mouth. I so wanted to feel you between my legs.
He never knew his mother incestuously lusted over him in the way that he incestuously lusted over her.
"Mom," was all that he could say.
She touched his cheek with her hand before leaning to him to kiss him before continuing her sexual confession.
"While wishing your hand was my hand, I even watched you masturbate sometimes when you were in the backyard sunning yourself, touching yourself, and rubbing yourself through your swim trunks. You never knew I was there spying on you. Then, thinking you were alone and that no one could see you, when you removed your cock from your swim trucks and masturbated yourself, you made me so horny. I had never been as sexually excited watching you jerking off and cumming. While I watched you masturbate yourself, I fingered myself too. I wanted to run out in the backyard and suck your delicious cum from your beautiful cock," she said.
Obviously, by the way she looked at him with remorse and guilt, Jennifer knew what they were doing was wrong on so many levels. Incest between a mother and son was a sick, ugly thing in the eyes of society. Yet, with her feeling so very horny and so very sexually frustrated, obviously, just as he needed a warm mouth and a wet pussy every Saturday night, she needed a hard cock.
She had changed and it had never been the same since his father had run off with a little, blonde bimbo five years earlier. Feeling bad for his mother now, a woman with as much sexual needs as he had, she hadn't been fucked properly, or tongued, or even fingered in a very long time. At least the late night sessions with her dildo and vibrator had given her some relief.
"I wish you had told me how you felt, Mom. I was afraid to make the first sexual move on you. I thought you'd think me perversely perverted. I thought you'd ask me to live and find another place to live," he said.
She looked at him with horror.
"Oh, my God, I'd never ask you to leave. I love you," she said. She fell silently while looking at him and still fondling his stiff prick.
She kissed him again but this time, w\When she kissed him, he returned her kiss.
"And I'd never leave you, Mom. I love you," he said.
She fell silent again as if rethinking what she was about to say.
"One night when I was so horny, with the light on, I started masturbating myself. Not even thinking, I hadn't pulled the shade in the way I always do. Feeling someone watching me, I caught Bob spying on me. Oh, my God. He saw me naked. He watched me masturbating. I was so embarrassed. I was so angry. I threatened to call the police and that's when he offered me money to strip and to masturbate for him. With me needing the money and not having to leave the house to stand on a street corner, how could I refuse?"
He hugged his mother.
"I'm so sorry Mom. I should have been there for you," he said.
She stayed like that hugging her son until she started talking again.
"When stripping off my clothes and while knowing he was there watching and masturbating himself to my stripping, even though I was sexually aroused enough to masturbate myself, I felt as much of a degenerate as he was. My bad behavior was not just wrong but also so very despicable. What kind of mother am I? What I did with our neighbor was empty. I needed more just showing my naked body. I needed a big, hard man-prick just like your big, hard cock to fill my cunt," she said squeezing her son's prick. "Now that I have you in my life for sex, fuck society. It's none of anyone's business what we do behind closed, bedroom doors."
Johnny took his mother in his arms again and hugged her.
"Oh, Mom," he said.
She looked deeply in his eyes with lust.
"Kiss me, Johnny, give me your tongue," whispered his mother with her voice low and sultry.
Johnny French kissed his mother. Kissing and kissing one another, they were making out as if they were in the backseat of a car on Prom night. She moved more to her side and licked his ear before blowing in his ear. Then she slowly kissed her way down his face to his lips and stopped to tease him with her tongue. Ever so lightly and seductively, as if she was licking the head of his cock, she ran the tip of her tongue over his bottom lip.
"Oh, Mom," moaned Johnny.
He turned to face her when she changed the position of her hand on his blood-engorged cock to slowly smear his slick precum over his fat cockhead. As if they were already fucking, he looked into her eyes with forbidden lust. He had never seen her brown eyes so intense. Her eyes told him all that he needed to know. Her eyes told him that she sexually wanted him as much as he sexually wanted her.
While kissing her, he fingered her nipple of her left breast. Turning it, pulling it, and twisting it, he teased her nipple with his thumb and forefinger. She moaned into his mouth, opened her lips and thrust her tongue deeply into his hot cavity. As if dueling for the better position, they fought with their tongues, each sucking and probing while Johnny tweaked and then squeezed her other nipple.
"Harder, Johnny, harder. Squeeze and pull my nipples harder. Make my nipples hurt. Make my nipples sore. Make me feel the pain of your rough touch all the way down to my pussy," she said in a gasp.
Was this the moment for Johnny? After all of those years of sexual frustration, going out on Saturday nights to find a woman to fuck and never feeling sexually satiated, he knew there was something wrong. Now he suddenly realized what was wrong and how he was able to fix it. He wanted all of the women he fucked to be his sweet, adorable, kind, and loving mother. Obviously, now he knew what was the matter. He wanted to fuck his mother. As if she was his girlfriend, as if she was his wife, and/or as if she was his lover instead of his mother, he wanted to fuck her again and again.
Paling in comparison, those women he picked up in the bar and had sex with were slutty substitutes. They were nothing more than lips to suck his cock and vaginas to masturbate his cock. There were never any real feelings in the way that he was feeling sublime sexual pleasure and love for his mother now. Unable to sexually experience his mother, the alcohol made it possible to forget and to endure having sex with lesser women. It explained why when he came stumbling home on so many of those Sunday mornings, even after having had sex, he still felt so sexually frustrated. When he took a shower, replacing the naked image of his mother for them, he jerked-off and spattered his cum all over the tile of the shower, while thinking of having sex with his beloved mother.
Jennifer rolled onto her back and spread her legs wide to expose her wet, glistening cunt. When he reached down to touch her and to finger her, she was already wet, so very wet. Her larger-than-average clit surrounded by labia pushing out of her inflamed mons, her clit bright red with hot blood rushing through it, all presenting the lewdest and sexiest picture Johnny had ever seen or imagined. With his cock harder and bigger than it's ever been, obviously, his mother sexually wanted him as much as he sexually wanted her.
Suddenly feeling awkward, as if he was about the violate her, he reached his fingers to her and stopped from touching her, while tentatively waiting for her reply.
"Is it okay, Mom, to touch you?"
She showed him a face full of disbelief.
"Is it okay to touch me? I want you to feel me and fondle me where you've always wanted to feel me and fondle me. I want you to devour me with your hands, your mouth, and your cock," she said with a laugh.
Suddenly feeling foolish, he looked at his mother with love and desire, something he never felt for any other woman.
"I just thought," he said pausing as if trying to find the right word.
She laughed.
"Whatever you thought, you thought wrong," she said with another laugh. "You may have your wicked, sexual way with my pussy. My cunt is your cunt now. I've dreamed of this for years. I've masturbated over you touching me, feeling me, and having sex with me for years. Make me your woman. Make me your bitch," said Jennifer. "Matter of fact, from now on, call me Jennifer, instead of Mom, Mother, or Mommy."
'She had masturbated over him? Oh my fucking God, thought Johnny. We've wasted so many years alone when we could have been together.'
"Okay Jennifer," he said with a little laugh.
They were about to obliterate the last line of incest and he knew it. Once they crossed this line, they could never return to the way they were before as mother and son. They'd now and would forever be lovers, incestuous lovers.
'Fuck it,' he thought.
He sexually wanted his mother. Taking two to tango, she admitted that she needed cock and she needed it now. Not wasting another minute, he mounted his mother. Ready to give her sexual intercourse, son and mother or not, his massive prick was at the ready to part her pussy lips and straining to touch her labia. With her complicit in them having incestuous sex, she guided his cock in her warm wet pussy and pushing down on his naked ass, while she pushed up with her shapely hips, his cock plunged in her vagina. He was inside of his mother. He was home and it felt so good to finally be inside the only women he ever loved and would ever love.
"Oh, mom. Oh, Jennifer. Oh my fucking God! Jesus Christ, Jennifer, Jesus Christ. This is so hot, so fucking hot. I love you, Mom. I love you, Jennifer. I love you!"
Humping her harder and humping her faster, Johnny thrusted his cock in and out of his mother's warm, wet pussy. He knew he wouldn't last long but he didn't care. All of those nights he had spilled his seed into some other women's pussy or into a tissue, only to imagine it was mixed with his mother's cunt juices, soon he'd be eating his mother too. After cumming inside of her, he'd be tasting her cum filled pussy. As soon as he made love to her and fucked her, he'd be drinking her vaginal juices and his cum from her boiling, hot cunt.
"Mom, I can't hold it. God, this is so hot, so fucking hot. I'm cumming! I'm cumming Ma. I'm cumming Jennifer."
Humping him harder and humping him faster, as if she was twerking her shapely ass, Jennifer returned her son's humps.
"Fill me up, Johnny. Cum in my pussy. Cum inside Mommy. Don't worry, I can no longer get pregnant. Fuck me harder. Fuck me deeper. I want it all. Keep pushing faster and keep pushing harder. Cum Johnny, cum. "Fill me, my loving son. I've wanted this for years. Fuck me Johnny. Fuck me!"
Jennifer's mind went blank as she felt his hot semen flood her cervix. Holding him there, she thrusted herself tightly against him and grunted. She moaned when she forced her erect clit against his pubic bone. Banging into him and humping him, she brought herself to a huge orgasm with his help.
"Oh fuck. Oh fuck. Oh fuck, mom. I'm cumming inside of you. I don't believe this," said Johnny.
Hugging him tighter, she humped him harder.
"Cum Johnny. Cum inside of you mother. Fuck Mommy. Don't ever go to another woman again. I'm yours and you're mine. I'm your fuck toy now. I'm your total bitch. You own my ass and I own your prick. I'm your cum slut. I'm your slut, your whore, and your bitch of a woman."
Johnny ejaculated a huge load of cum in his mother's pussy.
"Mom, I'm sorry, I couldn't hold back. All those years of lusting of you was too much to control," he said. "I can't stop myself from cumming so soon. I wanted to give you an orgasm with my cock but I can't," he said.
Not taking a moment to relax in the afterglow of sex, Jennifer pushed him off of her and scooted down the bed. She took his slimy wet cock into her mouth and started a sucking process that cleaned him. She sucked his slit dry and while stroking him and sucking him, she began to harden him again. In minutes, Johnny was steel-hard again.
As she sucked him, he massaged her tits and pinched her nipples while turning them, pulling them, and twisting them. Judging by the sexually excited look on her face, obviously she couldn't believe the feeling from his squeezing her nipples. He imagined the feeling went right to her abdomen, seeped down into her womb, her ovaries and vagina and, just like that, she came! She exploded. She had an orgasm from him just playing with her nipples. More orgasms followed as he played with her tits and fingered her pussy.
"Oh, Johnny," she cooed.
Feeling that he was the man, he looked at her self-satisfied.
"Mom, could we do it again? Would you mind? You're not upset with me are you?" said Johnny while laughing. "I'd love eat your pussy before fucking you again.
She gave him a lustfully heated look.
"Sweet boy, you can fuck me all day, as long as you can get hard, I'll get wet. You can fuck me all weekend, Johnny. As if this is our Honeymoon, we're a couple now. I am your woman-bitch and you're my sexy, young cocksman. No man, no woman, and no law can ever separate us again. Now ram your hot cock into my pussy and take me to places I've never been. Fuck me, Johnny. Fuck me. Fuck your mother."
THE END
*****
Please support me with your vote and with your comments.