Rachel watches shay as she enters the Corner. She picks up her cell phone and takes a pic. She then goes into her contacts and Selects a number with the name GM. She sends the pic with a text.
The text reads: Just got me a new Bitch. How you doing on yours?
Rachel smiles with pleasure.
GM then sends back a picture. The picture was a nude girl with dyed red hair worshipping a pair of female feet. The picture was a huge turn on for Rachel. Gm sends a texts message after the picture.
The text read: Good. We should get together real soon.
Rachel texts back: Hell Yeah let's do it.
Rachel looks at Shay who is still in the corner. "We are going to have a play Date real soon." She Laughed.
THE NEXT DAY.
Rachel wakes up in her king Size bed. She is wearing Striped Pajamas. Rachel lives in the back of the Motel. Her small apartment is in right behind her Office. The apartment had a small bedroom and a combined kitchen and living room.
The apartment had a bathroom inside the bedroom. The bathroom was small. It had a toilet and shower. The sink was located in the room just outside the bathroom.
Rachel gets out of bed and walks over to her sink. She looks at herself in the mirror. Her beautiful red hair is in a mess. She turns on the water. She wash her face. Then she grabs a hairbrush and fixes it.
After she straighten out her hair. She walks into the living room.
Inside her living room was a very nude Shay. Shay is Trapped inside a dog cage. The cage has comfortable pillows so shay wasn't on the hard part. Rachel walks up to Shay. She unlocks the cage. Shay crawls out and crawls on all four toward the kitchen.
In the kitchen is two white bowls that are on the ground. The bowls had Shay's name on them. The first bowl had dry cereal in it. The other is milk. Shay first eats from the Cereal bowl. Rachel watches on. Rachel has force shay into eating like a dog. She is no longer allowed to eat like a normal person because bitches don't eat like that. She not allowed to wear clothing either. According to her Mistress bitches don't wear clothes. She also not allowed to own anything. As bitches don't own but get owned. That's all shay is now. She Rachel's Bitch now and forever.
After she was done with Breakfast, Rachel walked her back to the living room. Rachel sits in a love seat. Shay gets on her knees in front of the love seat. Her hands go behind her back. She sticks her breast out.
Rachel looks at her pathetic Slave girl. "Take off my Pajamas pants and worship my pussy."
Shay slip off the Pajama pants and got to work. She started around the edge and then moved Closer in with every lick. Her tongue was doing wonders to Rachel's Pussy. Rachel was enjoying it more this time around. She took her hand and slipped it up her shirt. Rachel was now playing with her own breast. Her pussy was on fire. She was starting to get wet. Her Orgasm was building. Rachel was so Close. Shay's tongue moves faster now. Rachel can't Control wants coming. Everything going blurry from Rachel. She Cums Hard. Her Juices hit Shay's mouth. Shay missed the taste of Morning pussy. She hadn't had it still her break up.
Rachel drops back on the love seat to catch her breath. Her breathing was hard.
"Wow! That was even more amazing then last night." Said Rachel.
After a few minutes Rachel breathing return to normal. She starts getting up from the love seat.
"Follow me Shay." Order Rachel.
Shay followed Rachel to the bedroom on all fours. Rachel walked her to the bathroom. She turn to look down on Shay.
"Hop in to the Shower and then head out to clock in." Order Rachel. "Mmm. I wonder what reaction the rest of the staff and Customers will have." She Laughed.
Shay humiliating stands up and walks into the shower. Rachel walks out.
Rachel walks back into her living room. She turns on her big screen TV. She flips the channel to a secure channel where all the motel's security Footage goes. She watches two of her other Housekeepers. One was a small african American named Dena. Dena looked to be in her early Forties. She still looked good for her age. She was also kinda Spunky. The second one was a young Black woman named Brittany. Brittany was a young 25 year old. She clearly had it rough but overall still looks good.
The two housekeepers had entered a blocked room. Rachel took note of this. She was already planning her next catch. Rachel wanted to enslave these woman next. Her vision was to have a motel being runed by her Slaves. One where woman would be collared and nude. This is Rachel's fantasy. She will be queen of it all. The only thing missing from this Fantasy is her King.
For that she doesn't have to look far. She has a crush on a very handsome and Muscular Guy. His name is Lamar.
Lamar is a quiet and Shy man. He keeps to himself and gets nervous easily. His body shakes. He very brilliant man. Lamar is the grounds keeper at the motel. He has black hair and blue eyes. He is trying to a beard.
Rachel dangles her red hair as she thinks of him. Lamar clearly likes her but can't bring himself to figure out how to talk to her. It's clear to her that he is a virgin. She wanted him. But not as a slave. She wanted him all to herself. She wanted to date him. For him to be her boyfriend. She knew he wanted her in the same way. But the question was how? There will be time later to figure that out. For now She wanted to focus on Shay.
After 15 mins shay steps out of the shower. She grabs a towel to dry out. For a second she thought about what to wear only to Remember she can not wear any clothing what so ever. Only the collar around her neck is allowed. She looks at herself in the mirror. She thinks to her. What have I become? Not out allowed but in her head of course.
She went from being a broke penny less good woman into a theft. That theft wasn't a good theft as she got caught and is now a Bitch to another woman. Shay makes sure her body is completely dry by the towel. She then throws it off and walks off to start her day.
Rachel makes Shay go out the back door. This force shay to go around and walk through the front Door.
At the Front desk was a young Caucasian Female named Destiny. Destiny had dyed Blue hair and Glass. Destiny is about 25 or 26 year old. Destiny sees Shay walk in. She stun to see the nude blond.
"Mmm. Shay I think you forgot something." Said Destiny.
Shay face gets red. She looks down in embarrassment.
"No. I haven't forgotten anything. My Mistress has assign me my new uniform." Said Shay.
Destiny didn't know how to answer.
"Mistress?" She Asked.
"Yes. I am no longer a free woman. I am no longer a woman at all." Answered Shay.
Destiny is still very Confused. She didn't understand her answer.
"What are you then?" Asked Destiny.
Shay sighed. Her eyes looked away. "I am a Bitch. I am the property of My Mistress Rachel."
Destiny is still Stun. "Oh." She replied.
Shay walks past the front desk and signs in. She then walks out of the lobby.
A female Customer was walking to the lobby when she saw shay. The customer stops and stare for a minute. Confused and shocked she continues to stare as shay walks past her.
Shay was now feeling completely humiliated and it was only the start of the day.
As the day progress many saw shay. Some laughed. Some told jokes. Others disapprove. And some were just shocked.
All the male and some of the female Customers watch as a nude shay clean there room.
Shay couldn't decide what was worst. Working nude or being caged up. Both were degrading and humiliating.
Shay's life 3 will be a joint story with Enslave 3.