This is a continuation of The Power of Suggestion, Ch. 2. If you haven't read the story up to this point, I suggest you start at the beginning or much of this won't make sense. Thank you for all the support on my first two chapters. I'm still not sure how long this story will be, but I still have quite a bit in mind for where it will go from here. As always, I welcome comments and criticism. I'm still fairly new to writing, but am enjoying it so far. Let me know what you think and if you have any suggestions where you'd like to see the story go.
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
The knocking on the door grew exceedingly louder while Thomas put his clothes back on. Mary, on the other hand, made no move to get dressed and simply walked over to the door and opened it. There she stood, completely exposed, for whoever was lucky enough to be on the other side of the opening.
The knocking on the door grew exceedingly louder while Thomas put his clothes back on. Mary, on the other hand, made no move to get dressed and simply walked over to the door and opened it. There she stood, completely exposed, for whoever was lucky enough to be on the other side of the opening.
"What the fuck Mary!?"
It was a woman's voice, and by the sounds of it she was very confused and concerned.
"Hey Steph! Come in!" Mary said to the woman at the door. "Steph, this is Thomas." She told the woman as she gestured in Thomas' direction. An attractive redhead walked into Thomas' living room and glared at him.
"Mary why are you naked?" Steph asked.
"Thomas suggested I spend the day like this." Mary answered.
"And you're just going to do that because he said so?" Mary looked confused.
"Of course! Why not?" Mary said.
"Who even is this guy?"
"His name is Thomas, like I said. I met him yesterday."
"You met him yesterday and you're already following his every command?"
Mary nodded.
Thomas would have interjected but he was having fun listening to the two of them.
"Where are your clothes?" Asked Steph.
"I left them on the beach."
"Then how did you get here?"
"I walked."
"Naked?"
"Yep!"
Steph exclaimed again, "What the fuck Mary!?"
Mary continued to talk as if everything was completely normal. To her, ever since Thomas had suggested she remain naked, she was completely comfortable nude whether it be in private or public. It was a strange feeling, as she knew she was naked, but a comfortable one nonetheless.
"Well, I had never gone skinny dipping before, so when Thomas suggested I cool off that way on the beach, I said to myself, 'what the hell,' and did it! It felt so good and was so refreshing that I wanted to stay like that for a while. I initially told myself it was because I didn't want to get my clothes all wet, but I think I just liked being naked." Mary looked completely serious, so much that Thomas was starting to doubt that he had any hand in it at all. Mary continued, "Thomas suggested I stay this way for the day and come back to his place for breakfast, which I would normally have never done, but...I dunno...it felt like something inside me was pushing me to do it. So I followed that feeling and here we are!"
"Mary that's crazy! Like I understand being naked at home, I do that myself, but in public? That's illegal!" Steph said after listening to Mary's summary of events.
"It's ok, only two people saw and they were pretty cool about it." Mary said back.
"This whole thing is ridiculous. It's like you're a nudist all of a sudden."
"Maybe I am, we'll see how the rest of the day goes."
Thomas, while enjoying the conversation between the naked Mary and the clothed Steph, was still confused about who she was and why she was in his house, so he asked, "Excuse me, who are you?"
Steph turned and stared daggers at Thomas. "I'm Mary's friend. Her best friend. AND we live together. She messaged me this address earlier today in case anything bad happened. Now I see that you've somehow corrupted her into some sort of streaker." She was obviously not a big fan of his, which was probably understandable given the circumstances.
"She's not a streaker, I just like seeing her naked and she was ok with it. She's not hurting anyone, so there shouldn't be any problems." Thomas said to Steph.
"Of course you like seeing her naked. Look at her!" Mary blushed.
"I'm sure you'd look just as good if you were naked!" Mary replied.
Thomas couldn't help but agree with what Mary had said. Steph had long red hair that extended just past her shoulder blades. She was slightly heavier than Mary, but by no means fat. The two of them stood about the same height, but even through her clothes Thomas could tell that Steph had larger breasts.
"Not a chance!" Steph replied. "Now hurry up we're leaving. Our shift starts in 10 minutes!"
Thomas hadn't even considered that Mary might have to go to work. She had made no mention of it before, so he had figured she was still on the job hunt. He didn't want to cause her any more trouble than he already had so he said, "Mary you shouldn't skip work just for me. While I like when you're naked in public, you probably shouldn't do it while I'm not around or you might get fired."
"Aww ok." Mary said seeming disheartened. "I wish I could stay like this all day, but I don't want to lose my job."
Steph seemed intrigued by the way Thomas had phrased his conversation with Mary. "What do you mean 'while you're not around'? Why would you being around have anything to do with her getting in trouble for being naked in public? Are you some sort of big-shot or something?"
Thomas panicked. He knew he could have probably explained his way out of the situation, or suggested that Steph forget about everything she saw, but Thomas was sometimes too honest for his own good. "Um...I think I have some sort of power." He said quietly.
"What do you mean a power?" Steph asked back.
"Well I think I can make people...do things?"
"You expect me to believe that?" Steph shot back.
"I mean..." Thomas said gesturing towards Mary. Mary stood in silence like she was completely oblivious to what Thomas had just said.
"Ok but that doesn't mean anything, she's always naked at home, so that's not proof." Steph said, "Try to make me do something if you're so powerful."
"Ok." Thomas replied, "but I think this conversation would be better if you stripped naked."
"I'm sure you'd like that wouldn't you?" Steph replied back, "But I'm not taking my clothes off for a guy I just met like my friend here."
Thomas was shocked. Was this all one crazy coincidence? Did he really have this power or was he just incredibly lucky? He looked over at Mary, still naked like it was completely normal.
"Well? Make me do something." Mary said again.
Thomas looked Steph in the eyes and said, "I want to see your boobs."
Steph held his gaze and...did nothing. "Yea right Mr. 'I have powers'. I'm not getting naked and I'm not going to flash you." She said.
Thomas was astounded. Was it all in his head? Just then Mary walked behind her friend and in one quick motion, pulled Steph's shirt and bra up, exposing her breasts to Thomas. They were just as big as Thomas had thought. They fell out of her bra but held their shape as they bounced into place and came to rest. Her nipples were lightly colored, almost the same shade as the skin around them. They were each about the size of a silver dollar.
"What the fuck Mary!?" Steph shouted again as she pulled her shirt and bra back down in place.
"Thomas wanted to see them." Mary said simply.
Ok, this was weird. He definitely had powers, but for some reason they didn't work on Steph.
"Ok so...for some reason...I can't make you do anything." Thomas said to Steph.
"But you can make Mary do things?" Said Steph, still flushed from embarrassment.
"And other people," Thomas said. "Just not you."
"Well that's both comforting and disturbing at the same time. Have her---"
"Don't we have to go to work?" Mary cut in. "You were all angry about it a few minutes ago but now you guys are just staring at each other. At least say something."
"Mary can you not hear us talking?" Steph asked her friend.
"Well Thomas said he wanted to see your boobs, and you weren't doing anything so I helped you out. Other than you yelling at me after that you guys have just been completely silent."
She heard nothing of the conversation about Thomas' powers. It was like she was oblivious to any talk about it.
"I need to test something." Thomas said looking towards the two women. "I have the the power to make people do things." Thomas said loudly. "Now repeat what I just said."
Steph looked at him and said, "I have the power to make people do things." Just as he had said it.
Mary spoke and said, "I need to test something."
Thomas was amazed. Somehow Mary couldn't hear anything that was said about his powers, yet Steph could hear him clear as day. It was like his power had some sort of a safety net built in.
"This is really weird, but for some reason Mary can't hear us when we talk about my powers." Thomas said to Steph.
"Then why can I?"
"I don't know."
"So I'm completely immune."
Thomas was now beginning to panic. His honesty had gotten him into a situation that could get him into a lot of trouble. It all depended on Steph's reaction to everything.
"Mary, me and Thomas need to have a chat in the other room. Wait here." Steph said to her friend as she pulled Thomas into the rear room.
As Mary attempted to stop her, Thomas quickly said, "It's fine Mary. You should wait for us here." Mary stopped and made no further moves to follow.
"I should really call the police." Steph said quietly to Thomas. "...but I'm intrigued."
Thomas was shocked. A few minutes ago, she was fuming mad, but now she had a devious glint in her eyes.
"Plus, if I did you'd just make them believe whatever you wanted and get away scot-free." She added.
"I suppose. So what do you have in mind?" Thomas asked her.
"Well, having someone like you around could come in handy. Obviously you're not a bad guy as you're not going around killing people and robbing banks and stuff. You're a little perverted, and you made my friend do a lot of weird stuff, but it doesn't sound like any of it was malicious, and you've kept her out of trouble for it." Steph said. "So I propose a partnership. Suggest a few things here or there to help me out and I'll look the other way about you being a perv. Who knows, maybe we'll both benefit from this." Steph winked.
"Seems fair," Thomas said.
"One more thing." Steph said. "Show me your penis."
"Now who's the perv? Why?"
"I never said I wasn't, and because you saw my boobs."
"That's not really fair. Seeing my dick is basically like seeing me naked. I haven't seen you naked."
"Then how about a deal? Steph proposed. "You get naked, and let me take a picture of you, then I'll let you see me naked."
"Why do you need a picture?" Thomas asked.
"Insurance. If what you claim is true, you can basically make anyone believe or do anything you want them to. In the long run, me having a naked pic of you probably doesn't amount to much, but it'd make me feel more comfortable."
That was a fair argument. If Thomas really wanted to, he could destroy someone's life. He had never thought of his power as something evil, but he could see where others might. If he was going to agree to her idea of a partnership, he'd have to make her feel like she could trust him, at least somewhat.
"Ok, but I get to take a picture of you too. It'd feel weird for one of us to have one and not the other." Thomas replied.
"Deal. Take them off." Said Steph.
Thomas began removing his clothes. First his shirt, then his pants. When he was down to just his boxers, he looked up at Steph one more time before pulling them down. As he stood back up and looked towards Steph, he heard a camera shutter as her phone flashed. His part of the deal was now finished.
"Your turn I guess." Said Thomas.
"I suppose so." She replied as she began taking off her shirt. Her black bra, which he had only barely seen before, was very nice and held her breasts firmly in place. She reached back behind her and undid the clasp and let them spring free. Thomas noticed his cock begin to swell a bit at the sight of her. He would have covered himself, but noticed her nipples were also erect and her face was a bit flushed, so he kept his hands at his sides and let her see the effect she was having on him. As she unzipped her jeans, Thomas noticed that she was not wearing any panties underneath. She peeled them down off her hips and then stood up, completely naked. Thomas gazed, awestruck, at the beauty in front of him. She was completely hair free, possibly waxed he thought, and her pussy looked perfect. He could just barely see her inner lips poking out and thought he noticed a little wetness forming.
"Are you going to stand there all day or are you going to take that picture?" She asked, snapping Thomas out of his stupor.
"Oh...right...yea." Thomas said as he took out his phone and snapped a quick picture. As soon as the picture was taken she pulled her pants back up and put her bra and shirt back on. Thomas followed suit and put his clothes back on as well.
"So I think I have an idea why your powers don't work on me." Steph said after they were both dressed again. "You told me about them before you used them on me."
"What?" Thomas said confused.
"You told me you had powers before you tried to make me do something." She said, "I think that might be the reason why. With Mary you used them on her first, then she couldn't hear you when we talked about them."
"That...actually makes a bit of sense." Thomas thought out loud.
"How long have you had these powers?" Steph asked.
"Since yesterday morning. It's all a bit new to me and I still don't know all the...rules?...I don't know if that's the word."
"Well now you've got a partner to help you figure it out!" Steph said back. "but for now, let's get back to our naked friend in the other room."
Thomas and Steph made their way back to the living room where Mary was waiting patiently.
"Steph, we're gonna be late!" Mary exclaimed when she saw her friend.
"That's ok, I've got a plan." Steph replied. Then looking at Thomas, "You're coming with us."
Thomas understood where she was going with this. She wanted him to use his powers to convince their boss that they were ok being late. He didn't have any other plans, so he agreed.
The three of them walked out of Thomas' house to where Steph's car, a small blue sedan, was parked. The path to the car was mostly out of sight so there was very little chance that anyone would see the naked Mary. Mary got into the back, giving Thomas the passenger seat.
"Mary you're lucky I brought your uniform. You can get changed while we drive." Steph said looking over her shoulder.
Mary leaned forward between the seats, her breasts gently brushing Thomas and Steph's arms. "Why do I need to change? If Thomas is coming, it's fine if I'm like this in right?"
Thomas remembered what he had said earlier. 'While I like when you're naked in public, you probably shouldn't do it while I'm not around.'
Thomas and Steph looked at each other and then Steph replied, "I guess as long as Thomas is around I'll have to get used to it."
Mary sat back in her seat. As the car began to move, Thomas took another look back at the naked woman in the back seat. She smiled at him and wiggled her chest.
What was he in for next?