This is the eighth episode in my story series, Years Before.
In the last part, Eva and I enjoyed a weekend of sheer pleasure with recognition of the deepening of our feelings toward each other.
In this part, our relationship accelerates toward a carnal, erotic peak, witnessed by another, before an unavoidable reality changes everything. A much needed friend comes to the rescue.
Thank you for reading
******
After that first weekend in May, a distinct change happened between Eva and I. Instead of trying to find space to meet around other things we had going on, instead we were making sure that time with each other was the priority.
These times were where we'd go and do things together. A proper relationship was forming and we weren't doing anything to prevent it happening. It was so much more than just sleeping with each other, although our sexual appetites were well sated when we could. We had fallen for each other, no doubt, readily displaying a more obvious tactile approach to each other in public -- handholding, touches, kisses.
Our "thing" had become a full-blown romance.
This had consumed us so much that we realised that Cass had been back a good few days after her holiday with her Mum before we thought that we'd not heard from her. We decided to call on her one night.
The door was open.
"Cass, Cass, you here?"
"In the kitchen, Eva."
Cass was pleased to see both of us and, of course, we were able to be relaxed around her so any physical change of behaviour between us wasn't so obvious. Cass had a lovely tan on her. Sorrento had suited her well.
"Cass, you look gorgeous. Got some tan lines to show us then." Eva was never shy about jumping in with questions.
"Maybe, but only some." Cass had a coy look on her face.
"Come on then, tell us."
"Well, Mum and I had a bit to drink one night and we bet each other we wouldn't do nude sunbathing. I mean, it's my Mum, you know? Never thought it would come to anything."
"Sounds like it did then?" said Eva, fishing.
"Yes, Mum remembered the conversation and, by breakfast the following morning, had a list of good places where a bit of nudity would be tolerated."
"Oh, so you did it then?"
"Yes, Mum had a hire car and, in the end, we went somewhere new every day. Did eight of them in the end."
"And how did you feel about being nude with your Mum?"
"A bit odd at first but Mum still has a good body and was really kind about not making me feel self-conscious about my boobs because they are...big. Anyway, the only way you'll oil your back is having someone else to do it so we just got stuck in."
Eva and I glanced at each other having been able to appreciate that exact point only recently.
As we went on to discover, this actually served to tear down a few boundaries between Cass and her Mum and they had some of the best conversations they'd ever had. No subject left undiscovered. Our chat got on to the obvious.
"So, what about David then, Cass?"
"OK." Cass hesitated slightly before continuing "You might not like this but I'm giving it a bit more time...on Mum's advice."
Both Eva and I were interested in this change but, if Cass was expecting an outburst of objections from us, they didn't come. Cass carried on.
"So, Mum knows about you, Andy."
"OK, so...everything...the naughty bits?"
"Yes, the lot, including Easter..."
"Wow, so that is being straight up then."
"Yes, and that's partly what prompted Mum to say I needed to be absolutely sure David was a no-go and, long story short, I couldn't do that yet so..."
"You're trying again."
"Yes, but I read the riot act to him this week and told him that if he didn't sort it out that there was someone else waiting."
And so, it transpired that this had apparently made David buck his ideas up and try properly. Apparently, he had been very attentive the last few days which was why we'd not heard from Cass either.
So, we chatted a while longer and Cass settled on the idea of a party in mid-July. Not loads of people but one to let the drink flow, have some fun, stay over. Eva and I agreed that it sounded good. We were up for it.
When Cass had asked us how the "thing" was going, we portrayed the physical side but didn't necessarily set out how our feelings about each other had accelerated into something more romantic.
After leaving Cass's, we also realised that the reason we'd not been so disgusted at the idea of David still being around was that Cass finishing with him meant calling a halt to us, by the nature of the agreement.
The challenge in all of this, though, was that Eva and I had now been together for over 4 months by this point and things were not standing still. We'd moved on from considering an end point. We were immersed in each other.
However, it was her closest friend who would very likely spell the end of this at some point...and we'd have to admit that this might happen. It was a barrier we were ignoring.
-
So, mid-July came - Cass's party. On a warm Summer Saturday night, I turned up at Cass's. Eva and I decided to be a little circumspect in our behaviour around each other for this party which, with many years of hindsight, seems nonsensical but there would be people there who wouldn't know what was going on, not least Ruthie and David.
There were a few people about already and a familiar voice greeted me from behind.
"Hi Andy, Great to see you."
A little squeeze on my waist and there was Ruthie. She seemed very happy and looked good too. The collar-length blond hair was growing out a little, draping on her shoulders now in a loose bob, black polo neck jumper and jeans and the white plimsoles again. Casual, relaxed and, most of all, happy.
"So, what's going on? You're looking really good, by the way!"
"Ooh, thank you. Yes, well I've stayed away from most of the men and I'm just looking after myself a bit."
"That's brilliant. You got someone here tonight?"
"Yes, him."
As Ruthie answered, Pete came out of the kitchen -- the guy who she'd knocked back before when things crashed and burned for her. I knew Pete. We'd had one of those friendships where we were hanging around together a lot and then situations changed and it petered out. Suffice to say, we were perfectly fine and had a bit of a catch-up before I moved on and he went to find Ruthie.
It seemed that Ruthie had decided that, after more calls from Pete, she relented. They'd been out for drinks a couple of times. "Snogs but no sex", Ruthie was quick to point out so tonight she decided she'd bring him along. Apparently, Ruthie was having Cass's single bed because the double upstairs had a load of boxes on it and Pete, Eva and I would be on the floor in sleeping bags. At least, Eva and I would.
I saw Cass only briefly at points during the party. It turns out things were going so well with David that they spent most of their time in her Dad's bedroom apparently banging each other's brains out. I was genuinely happy for her.
Soon after Ruthie went off, Eva arrived.
She looked tremendous. The infamous outfit from the Lake Park night was on, the white shirt this time having a small belt around it to set it off, a red pendant hanging just below breast level, which was where the shirt was buttoned up to, again showing me a little skin. The same dark red skirt with her lovely bare legs and the black court shoes again. I thought to myself "You are so lucky that woman is with you tonight."
Eva came straight up to me and gave me a gentle peck on the lips and we exchanged pleasantries in front of others, attempting to look as casual as possible. Seeing her in that outfit again, my thoughts were purely carnal at. I suggested we popped out the back for a cigarette. As soon as it was clear we were out of earshot and eyeline, Eva planted a big smacker right on my lips.
"I've missed you, how are you?"
"I'm good, Eva. All the better for seeing you. You look brilliant, really sexy, especially as you've got what we might call your "fucking" clothes on."
"Oh yes, why do you think I wore them, sexy man? Look, one thing. I've got to leave at 7a.m. tomorrow"
Her Mum and Dad were making a visit to a particular family relative some distance away and Eva's presence was required.
"So, what are we going to do tonight? I can't walk around just looking at you."
Eva smiled "I've had a think. Got a plan."
Of course, the lovely, meticulous woman would.
"We can "get off" with each other, starting quite soon, I think, and, in a couple of hours, most will be drunk enough they won't care anyway."
So, that's exactly what we did.
We had a great time, apparently slowly building up in front of people but letting things get a little more carnal in stolen moments outside.
Not many people would have noticed Eva's belt disappear, for instance, because, down the side of the house, we'd stolen a few minutes where Eva invited me to open her shirt so I could kiss her tits and suck her nipples.
I'd also managed to establish that Eva had a lacy pair of panties on. She felt the need with other people around in that particular skirt. However, they fitted nicely on her wrist when she wanted them out of the way to get her labia played with. All of this carried on during the evening when we could go out and be undisturbed.
Eva seemingly had no fear of getting into it with me outside. I shouldn't have been surprised given how we'd been with Cass and her willingness to be nude and sexual outside before now, her exhibitionist streak was showing through as she willingly took the lead in how daring she could be either exposing her body or engaging with me.
We got away with it most of the time.
One moment when we nearly got caught was when Eva discovered I'd gone without underwear and decided that "it's time your cock got some night air".
We stood in shadow under a shelter in the garden, where I was quite happily letting Eva work me up with her hand and suck me a little when we heard the patio door slide and we had to stuff a very firm penis away quite quickly. It happened to be Cass so she wouldn't have minded but it could have been anybody.
It was all great fun and the thrill of possibly being caught and being outside heightened everything that extra level.
As it stood, the party started to dissolve just after 1a.m. and the few that were staying were already making their way to their respective locations. Cass and David in her Dad's bedroom, two other people I didn't know very well in the other bedroom that was downstairs and I assumed Ruthie and Pete had already headed upstairs and, logically, Pete was not on the floor of Cass's bedroom.
Eva and I were alone in the living room.
She whispered in my ear "I could jump on you now, baby."
However, although we were not averse to taking risks, the idea of doing it there and then was a little beyond us, possibly because Eva's skirt wasn't long enough to hide anything that we might have been doing. We settled ourselves with kissing and cuddling on the sofa for a while.
However, a last cigarette outside switched Eva's penchant for some outside fun back on.
Eva stood in front of me, in the knowledge that we were very unlikely to be disturbed now and, while smoking her cigarette, undid her shirt to expose her breasts to the night, caressing them as she continued to drag on the cigarette. She was so wanton sometimes, my heart would skip a beat.
"I've half a mind to pull up my skirt and let you have sex with me from behind."
"Really. Right now."
"Mmm, come on. I am so wet for you."
And so, just for a few moments, Eva stood with her hands against the wall, her bottom bare to the night air with her skirt pulled up to its waist as I flipped out my strong erection and slid easily into her.
We could both feel the thrill but I was slightly unsure.
"You know, I think someone's going to catch us."
Eva didn't care. "Oh really. Fuck it, I really like this. I'm getting to be really dirty sometimes now, aren't I?"
"You are and I love it. Shall we take this upstairs, get naked and close."
"Yes, come on."
Skirt pulled down, cock back in. Good job the night covers up when you're flushed in the face because Cass came out for a cigarette herself right as we'd got ourselves straight.
"You two, OK?"
Eva took the bull by the horns. "Good job you didn't come out a minute ago. We were fucking."
"What, out here?"
"Yes. Andy was taking me from behind. Thick cock, very big."
Cass replied "Oh, really. There's still part of me that would want that but not tonight!"
I eventually chipped in "We're heading up to see how far we can take it."
"OK, guys, I've no doubt you'll find your way!" Cass winked at us. "See you in the morning."
"Come on, Eva. We should go upstairs and get comfortable." I knew Eva had to go early and I wanted her badly. "Oh, and, by the way, we might have an audience. Ruthie and Pete have been up there a while."
"Mmm, well, Andy. I don't mind a little looking if you don't. You go up and I'll get some cushions. There's no pillows up there."
I walked up the stairs carefully, aiming not to wake either Ruthie or Pete if I could help it, although we were going to be in a room with them. I made my way in and all was quiet. They were both in Cass's regular single bed.
I unzipped our sleeping bags so at least we could have something under and over us while we slept. Eva crept in too, as quietly as she could and laid the cushions down.
We stood in the middle of the room. The curtains weren't drawn so the room was bathed in moonlight. The blue hue that dominated everything in the room.
It may well have been the same room where, some months before, we had begun our intimate liaison, with Cass's help. However, now "us" was an entirely different thing.
Eva silently undid my shirt and pushed it off me. She kissed my chest and shoulders and whispered in my ear.
"Strip me. Make love to me, here, now, please."
"You know Ruthie and Pete are here."
Eva had clearly decided she was happy being on display. "Let them look. I'm here for you."
I unbuttoned her shirt and removed it, exposing her lovely bare breasts and flesh. Her growing excitement was displayed by her nipples being just slightly more prominent than usual. We could both sense the anticipation of possibly being watched.
I unzipped her skirt. Eva stood up and slid it over her hips. Its removal rendered her naked.
Rather than get up, I placed my hands on her bum and licked those parts of her body that I knew so well by now would make her feel good. Her nipples, her navel, tracing around that sensual triangle of pubic hair, so neatly trimmed.
I traced my finger down the middle of it. Eva drew a little breath and moved slightly, enough to part her legs and allow my finger between them. I followed the line of her labia as far as I could, feeling the wetness already there from our little sexual moment outside. Eva's hips swayed a little with my movement.
Eva put her hands on my face and encouraged me to stand. She took to her knees and, knowing that there were only my jeans between me and her, made sure she took every moment she could to remove them.
She undid them, pushing them clear of my hips. Fingers danced along my hard cock, then they'd trace back, a finger would pass over my wet glans, drawing the drops back along my erection. I was in a headspin with the sheer sensuality and stimulation of it all.
Then, Eva slowly pulled my jeans down, all the way to the floor and, as I stepped out, she took my socks with them. We were both naked, both ready to make love. Eva didn't get up though. She caressed my erection, following its shape with her touch, kissing the tip of it, running a finger below my balls to touch my perineum -- that area she knew was such a stimulator for me.
As she was doing this, I noticed a shape over the bed. Through the moonlight in the room, my eyes focussed on it.
It was Ruthie.
Sat up in the bed.
Watching.
I could see she was topless, her face and bare chest turned towards us so that they caught some moonlight once my eyes had adjusted. She was looking at us and, then, she caught my gaze towards her. My eyes engaged hers, just as Eva took my cock into her mouth. I had to close my eyes and just feel. Eva knew how to handle me with her lips and tongue and I knew Ruthie was watching it all. It was all consuming, Eva now being confident yet gentle with me.
Eva released me and I knelt down facing her. I kissed her shoulder and moved closer to her ear and whispered
"Ruthie is watching us."
Eva let out a deep breath as if this was exactly what she wanted, taking her sensuality even higher. She whispered back.
"Show her how much you love me, baby."
This was Eva the ultimate exhibitionist, drinking in the passion and abandon of being naked and making love in front of someone else.
I laid Eva down and parted her legs. So slowly and carefully, I gradually worked my way between her thighs, my licks and kisses making her legs part wider. As I moved to her labia, Eva put her legs on my shoulders as if to invite me. My tongue broke through her wet lips immediately and on to her vagina. Her breathing was deep, as if to supress the desire to make a sound, to express her passion.
Slowly, I explored, feeling the little folds up to her clitoris with my tongue, her hips starting to move in that circular way that I knew was her heading to an orgasm. I sucked on her clitoris and then ran my tongue across it. Eva tensed, her hips rose and she let out the longest high-pitched whine as she tried to hold back from letting go as the surge of her orgasm took her over.
She held my head to her pussy. That told me she wanted to go again so I licked her clitoris slowly but deeply, exploring all of her. Eva responded by opening her legs wider and tilting up her hips, but still holding my head that my tongue entered her vagina quite deeply. I could feel the inside of the entrance of her vagina on my tongue. It was so intense, I could feel my face wet from her juices.
Eva released my head. I held her to make sure I stayed in place. She came again, this time a longer, deeper, body relaxing orgasm. It was almost as if the second orgasm resolved the tension of her first.
I rose up on to my knees to rest for a moment. My tongue was a little sore from having pushed so deep into her. I breathed deeply, feeling myself, my erection still hard and strong.
I glanced across again. Ruthie was still there, watching, a hand near her breast, stroking it in the blue half-light of the night. Her eyes on my erection.
I could make out the shape of her breasts a little. Her areolae sat proud with the nipple sitting proud of that. For a moment, I allowed myself to understand the term "perky tits top" that she used when we talked some time ago. A perfect description.
We were looking at each other. Her eyes moving between mine and looking at my hard cock as I gently massaged it with my hand, making sure it was ready for Eva.
I felt incredibly aroused knowing I was displaying myself to Ruthie. Incredibly erotic.
Eva leaned up towards me.
"Make love to me, baby."
Her whispered words sent me into heaven.
Eva laid back and was ready for me. I moved to be on top of her, ready, taking just a moment to clear my head. I wanted to feel this so much. I moved down, my glans making contact with her labia, already parted. My penis, reacting to that first wetness, growing a little more. I knew this woman's body. I didn't need to be guided. I could feel when my tip was there.
One gentle continuous movement and I was inside her. All of me in her. Eva was all I could think about, making love to her, satisfying her, wanting her vagina to feel me by tensing on it. All of those things we'd found out about each other brought together in a quiet, intense, growing act of love and passion.
Everything I was moved inside her. Gliding in and out, feeling her movement underneath me, her legs wrapped around me with the occasional pull-up to urge me deeper. I fully extended my arms to see her beautiful body, her face, her skin, her breasts.
This was making love. I was in love with this woman. My only aim was to please her. What we were doing, at that moment, felt complete. Moving together, our sex was that of two people why had come to know how the other worked physically.
Eva's vagina closed around me. There was nothing else that mattered right then, I felt my hardness increase, the heat, one more push and...
With a head rush, I came deep into Eva. That hot jet accompanied by the thrust of my hips. Eva's hips turned upwards by her urge to feel me as deep as I could get. We moved as one until I had no energy left. We sank down together, laid on the floor.
I moved to be face to face with her, each of us with a hand on the other's face, kissing, touching, no words needed. As we settled to get some sleep, I sat up to rearrange the sleeping bag over us. I noticed Ruthie had gone, settled down to sleep herself perhaps.
It had been a frivolous, sexy, daring evening ending with beautiful, passion filled love making.
A night to remember.
-
I didn't want Eva to be stressed about going in the morning. Luckily, my inbuilt alarm clock for work kicked in so I was able to gently wake her in good time. Eventually, she slowly responded to my stroking her face and body and, with a stretch, she gradually woke and faced me.
"Good morning, Eva." I whispered.
"Morning, you gorgeous man."
"It's 6.40, You have a bit of time."
"OK." She moved in to kiss me. "Did we really make love in front of Ruthie last night?"
"Yes, I think she saw it all, going by when I first saw her looking."
"When was that?"
"You had me...in your mouth."
"Really...mmm, how exciting. I wasn't aware of it. Actually, that's even more thrilling because I really wanted to let go but we had to be quiet."
"I know. It had a particularly erotic quality about it. Do you want tea?"
"No, I should go. I don't want to hack off Mum and Dad."
So, with some help from me, Eva got dressed in the other room. I walked her down the stairs, naked. No-one was going to be up.
"Take care, you. You looked...fantastic last night. So sexy and confident. You're a beautiful woman."
"Are you trying to make me late? Talking like that to me with no clothes on."
"You can't blame a man for trying! Look, go, we'll speak this week."
"OK. Andy?"
"Yes, Eva."
"You know I'm properly in love with you, don't you. Bye!"
And with that stunning final line, she was off, walking up the road at quite a speed to get home. I knew I felt the same about her.
I went upstairs and it was clear I wasn't going back to bed. Too much whizzing round my mind about last night, this morning...filling my brain with thoughts.
Standing there, I surveyed the scene for a moment. Eva and I were certainly on display. The only thing standing in the way of Ruthie seeing it all was the shadows cast by the moonlight.
I gathered up the sleeping bags. Ruthie and Pete were still asleep. I pulled on my jeans and shirt. Got my socks and shoes and went downstairs. Kettle on, I realised that neither Eva or I drank much because we were too consumed in our game of sexy stolen moments.
I made a mug of tea and sat with the back side door open, contemplating things with a cigarette dangling from my hand.
A quiet voice behind me. "Hi Andy." I turned...
"Hello Ruthie. Couldn't sleep?"
"Oh, I did sleep but only after...I think you know."
I handed her both my tea and my cigarette to take a sip and a drag on while I poured her one of her own.
"Ruthie, shall we not be coy about this and be the frank friends we are with each other?"
"OK...look, when I saw you, and then you and Eva fucking last night, I wasn't sure I could believe what I was seeing."
"Mmm, yes, we did enjoy ourselves. We were looking at each other, weren't we."
"Yes, Andy. I'm sorry but I couldn't stop looking at you, when you were holding...yourself..."
"Yes..."
Ruthie looked thoughtful. "It...made me feel things."
Suddenly she snapped back into the room. "Oh, look, sorry, now...you two blew my mind."
"That's OK, Ruthie. I guess it was not what you were expecting. Did you enjoy watching?"
"Oh, I did. A lot. Can I say that? Mmmm, yes, it was mesmerising seeing my friends having sex with each other. So damn horny."
"How was Pete?" I asked, partly to broaden out the subject matter a little but also because I knew Ruthie had avoided the man thing lately.
"Oh, that was dreadful. A half-baked quick fuck and he fell asleep straight afterwards. Not worth the bother and I won't be seeing him again. I'm saving myself now."
"Oh, who for?"
"Never you mind, sex god!"
Ruthie was obviously intrigued by Eva and me.
"Andy, can I ask?"
"Yes."
"What I saw last night was two people in touch with each other. I know I called it fucking but it wasn't. You two moved like you really knew each other, you know, love-making almost."
"Well, that's what it was, Ruthie."
"Oh, wow. How long have you and Eva been together then?"
"Between us?"
"Between us, Andy. Mates."
She squeezed my hand. I squeezed back and could see in her eyes I could trust her. I explained about how it started off as two friends wanting a bit more from each other for the physical side of it and how it had grown over the months into something deeper, beyond the sex.
"Do you love her?"
"I do, Ruthie, I do."
"Can I be very honest with you, Andy?"
"Yes, no holds barred. Mates talking."
"I want...yearn for what you and Eva had last night."
"That's very open of you, Ruthie."
"I crave a man to treat me how you treated Eva last night. Just once. I've been chasing it all along and all I get is a cheap fuck and a kiss-off. That's why I'm saying I'm saving myself. I want someone for me. I don't know who it is but I know what I want, especially after seeing you two. Someone who wants me rather than just their dick in my cunt before they fuck off."
Ruthie was clearly a little emotional about it all. "Are you OK? Would you like a hug?"
"Yes, please." I put my arm around Ruthie and we sat for a long time, me holding her. It made me realise just how special Eva and I were turning out to be together. After a while, I spoke.
"What you're saying is right, Ruthie. You're lovely and it sounds like you're still hurting about what went on that upset you so much."
"I think I am, Andy. I'm a bit fragile, I think."
"Ruthie, you know I'm around if you need me?"
"I do, Andy."
"I say it only because sometimes it helps to have someone of the opposite sex to talk frankly to and make you realise that not all men are the same. I can do that for you...if you'd like."
"I would like that very much indeed."
"Anyway, I think enough has already passed between us that I think there is no room for anything less than total honesty and friendship. Do you agree?"
"Yes. Mates, Andy. Close mates."
-
August, the month when it all changed.
After the party, Eva and I were tight. We met up a few times after that and everything was amazing. We felt as together as we could be and being around each other made us both feel good.
The one difference that had been occurring was that we'd not seen so much of Cass. We knew Cass was giving it a good go with David and all seemed well so we decided not to get too involved in case we confused things.
Then came a gap.
We'd spoken every few days at least, just because we wanted to and were always heading towards meeting up. But then, I'd called and Eva hadn't called back.
One, two, three days. Something was wrong. I could feel it but I didn't know what.
Eventually, Eva called back and wanted to meet up at the Lake Park, Unusually, she said she'd meet me there.
We met at the gate. Eva took my hand, kissed me and we walked on.
"Sit down with me, Andy."
"OK, Eva. Is everything alright?"
She took a deep breath.
"No." Her voice broke a little. "I can't do this anymore."
"Eva? What do you mean?"
"I can't do "this", "us", as it is. I mean it when I say I love you, Andy. I really love you but I know there is more than two of us in this and it feels like I'm not going to have you if things change with Cass, and I feel that's coming."
Her hand was shaking as she continued.
"I know I said we'd finish things if Cass and David came to an end, but that was a good few months ago and we've shared so much, given each other so much and I have to stop this now before I get really hurt and have to choose between lover and friend."
"Eva, I don't want you to be in anything you don't want to be in but you have to know I love you too. You and I together has been the strongest thing in my life and I didn't know it was going to be what it's become. I am yours, Eva."
"Oh Andy. I know you are and it's being with you that has changed me as a person. I've gone from being supposedly independent and knowing about sex to feeling how it is to be with someone who cares about ME, who loves ME, who wants to be with ME, and that's you."
"It's been beautiful but I have to consider Cass. She's my best friend and I can't lose her."
I tried to put the other position to her. "Eva, if Cass finishes with David and we're together, she might be all for it. You know Cass wouldn't want to see you hurt."
"Andy, you don't know how much Cass has talked about you to me. About you and her. I wouldn't be doing this if I could be certain of her reaction but I can tell you now she doesn't have a clue how far in this we are, how deep it is, how far we've come. She thinks we're having a whale of a time fucking each other for fun. She doesn't know, Andy."
Eva took a breath before continuing. I wasn't about to interrupt her.
"Looking back, it was unfair on you and me to say that you should also be there for Cass but that's when this was just about sex, about us getting some physical gratification. I've learned, Andy, what it feels like when you love someone, when you want to give yourself to them, and only them. You did that for me. But, what I know is that it will never work because I will lose either you or Cass. I have to do something before that happens."
"Can I ask, Eva. Have you met someone you like then?"
"No, I haven't. This is just about you, me and Cass and what the best thing for me is. I know it sounds selfish, but..."
"OK. So, I get it with Cass, I understand."
Eva hit the nail on the head with her next question.
"I know you do but Andy, if Cass finished with David and turned round to you and told you she was ready for you and wanted you, what would you do?"
"I'd try to let her down gently and tell her about us."
"And then I'd lose my best friend, I know I would."
Eva started to cry. I held her. She reset herself a little.
"Eva, I can't put you in that position. I wouldn't want to."
"And that's why...why, despite how good this has been for me, hopefully for you, I can't do it."
"Eva..." By now, it was taking every ounce of effort for me to hold it together because I knew this was the end now. "You deserve someone just for you. I would be that person tomorrow if I could but, if it meant a rift developed with you and Cass then we would never be truly happy, would we."
"You honestly feel that, Andy?"
"Yes. If you walk away from this bench now, I can tell you my heart will break because, deep inside, I adore you, I love you and I committed to you. But the risk of hurting your friendship with Cass for us, it's too much. If you want to end it, we'll end it, now."
"Oh Andy." Eva cried again. "It feels like I've really fucked this up for both of us, I..."
Now I was going to interrupt her. She had to know I understood where she was.
"Eva, neither of us expected this to last more than, what, a couple of months at most. David and Cass were at death's door relationship wise. It was just meant to be intimate fun but the sex got overtaken by our emotions, our feelings, our desire for each other and that became love. We were making love because we were in love. We've both admitted it recently."
"Oh, I know. I didn't think it would happen like this, Andy."
"Look, Eva. We had a lovely time and we will find ways to get over this. I have to hurt for a while because you have been the biggest thing in my life, the most passion I've ever felt in my life was for you, my beautiful Eva, but this thing is complicated because it's turned into something it wasn't meant to be."
"Will I still see you?" Eva asked, still tearful.
"You might, if we meet up at Cass's house. I can't pretend it won't take time to get over this so forgive me if I don't willingly put myself in front of you for a while. I'm not strong enough to do that."
"Maybe I should go, Andy."
"Do you want to?"
"I think I probably should, before I change my mind."
"I don't want to change it for you, Eva. You know what is best for you and I won't make you compromise on that."
Eva stood up and took my hand one more time
"You've turned me into a woman who has found out what she needs and wants, because of you and how you've treated me and been with me. Know this, there will always be a part of me that loves you, Andy, because we didn't part because we were going wrong. It was circumstances that we couldn't control."
She put her hand on my chest one more time. Another deep breath and then she looked at me.
"Bye, Andy."
Eva kissed me on the lips and walked away. I sat back down on the bench and watched her. I lost sight of her before the gate. A big part of my life walked away and no-one, apart from me and Eva, really knew how deep and intense it was.
I cried my eyes out sat on that bench. Empty, hurt, lifeless, in pain. I ended up trying to hold it together until I got to the car. Eva was long gone. I drove round to Cass's but couldn't get out. David's car wasn't about but, in some strange way, Cass was a part of this ending too and I wasn't sure how I'd react. I sat in the dark and cried again. Let it all out to myself and, eventually, drove home.
I spent the next few days in a fog, knowing what Eva did was right but partially resenting myself for letting things run as they did. Allowing myself to get hurt. Forcing Eva into a dreadful situation where she had to do what she did.
In the next few weeks, I didn't see Cass, Eva or Ruthie. In fact, I would never see Eva again. Circumstances dictated that we never met. I spent time with other people, trying to find enjoyment in other parts of my life.
To try and forget Eva.
-
After a week or two, I pulled myself together a bit. My relationship with Eva had been so intense and rapid, I'd allowed myself to be swept up by it all. She had pretty much single-handedly turned me from a virgin into a sexually confident person. The affairs of the heart weren't meant to be a factor, but they were.
By September, a month had passed since the spilt and my head was straightening out more. I'd accepted that what had happened was, essentially, doomed to failure. If anything, Eva and I had been somewhat naïve in thinking that the physical side of things would not end up influencing our feelings, our emotions, especially when it was clear that the sex we shared became the start to something more deep and involving.
We were certainly compatible and a good match, at the very least.
A mid-September Saturday and I was in town, getting some cash and meandering around the shops. Wandering nowhere in particular, I heard a familiar voice behind me
"Andy, Andy, where's my mate?" Ruthie's happy voice cheered me a little.
"How are you doing, Ruthie? Not seen you since the party."
"Well, I'm still on the straight and narrow. No blokes. Gave Pete the brush-off. Happier on my own just now. What about you?"
"Well, that's a story. What are you doing at the moment?"
"I have nothing on today...well I do, obviously." She said, waving her hand at her clothes, smiling at her innuendo. "But I did a load of shifts at the supermarket so I'm off until Monday and intending to not do a lot today."
"Fancy a cup of tea somewhere then?"
"I can do better than that, Andy. Come back to my house."
"What, are you sure?"
"Yes, didn't we say we were mates?"
"Yes, but..."
"Yes, but nothing. What are you doing now?"
"Not a lot really."
"Well now you are. I make a mean cuppa."
With that, I went with Ruthie back to hers. A house I parked by many times to walk across to Cass's now became a house I walked into for the first time
"Come on then, come in. Mum, you in?"
"Hi Ruthie, in the kitchen."
"Come on, Andy. We'll say "hi" to my Mum and then we can take some tea upstairs and chat."
"Ruthie, who's this young man?"
"Hi, Mrs. Davis (for Ruthie was Ruthie Davis)" I stuck out a friendly hand. "I'm Andy. We're mates through both knowing Cass."
Mrs. Davis took my hand. "Oh yes. Ruthie's mentioned you." I gave Ruthie a quick glance. She smiled back.
"Well, we just met up in town and Ruthie invited me back. Is that OK? I don't want to intrude."
"Oh no, no, Andy. Please be comfortable in our home and it's Joan. Mrs. Davis is my mother-in-law and I'm not her, in any way, shape or form, I can assure you."
Tea made and a trayful of biscuits, Ruthie picked it up, said "Follow me" and we headed upstairs to her room.
Ruthie's room was a museum to her earlier teenage years. Boy George and Wham! Posters up but nothing more recent.
"I know, I know." Ruthie was quick to remark "The posters are a bit dated. I've not really had anything I've liked that much to replace them with."
I replied. "I never really did the poster thing. Spent my money on the records instead."
"So, Andy, you don't look quite right to me. What's been going on?"
"Ah...OK. Eva and I finished."
"Wha..." Ruthie was stunned. "But you two are, were so tight, or you certainly looked it at the party. How? Why?"
I recounted the whole story. Ruthie knew about how me and Eva had become a "thing" but not the dynamics involving Cass. Talking about it brought the rawness to the surface. It took an hour to explain it all out, including the threesomes and the moment at Easter with Cass. It made me realise just how interlinked everything was. Doomed to failure.
By the end of it, I was in Ruthie's arms, crying. I thought I'd dealt with it -- apparently not.
"It's OK, honey. It's OK. I'm sorry you hurt so much." Ruthie didn't pretend to proffer any advice. She was just there, holding me, listening, taking care of a friend.
She had a few questions after a while.
"When we spoke at the party, you said you loved her."
"I did, I felt that, but we stuffed ourselves really because it was never just the two of us and, in the end, we got too close for it not to matter if it stopped."
Ruthie was still, looking directly at me as I continued.
"Eva was right to stop it. If Cass and David split up, then it would've been carnage. Two relationships finishing at the same time, interlinked with each other...horrendous."
"Does Cass know what happened?"
"Certainly, since the party, we didn't stay away but we hadn't seen her so much. I don't know if Eva has spoken to her since the split. I've decided against talking to her just now. I wouldn't know what to say, if you know what I mean. Have you seen Cass?"
"Not that much. I'm wondering if she's hiding away a bit. I've tried to pop in like I normally do but the door's been locked a few times and I know not to try when that's the case. I decided to stop using the key to just go in a while ago. You know, after..."
"Oh, yes. That." I replied. We both chuckled -- thankful for a little brevity.
In the end, Ruthie and I chatted for hours. She cheered me up immensely because she would either be encouraging, funny or downright rude.
Most of our interactions up to that point were extreme given we were friends. A series of drink-fuelled rude chats and Ruthie and I having seen more of each other in revealing, sometimes aroused, interactions, didn't make for a normal friendship. A lot had passed between us already.
Ruthie, at her core, was one of life's happy souls and, that day, I understood completely why it would be easy and lovely to be mates. Of course, the fact that all that stuff had happened meant that we were not afraid to be frank with each other in conversation. We knew what we knew.
Joan, Ruthie's Mum, shouted up "Beans on Toast?"
"Ooh, come on Andy. Let's go."
Summer had definitely been and gone and, on a cold day, this was ideal and, after a substantial feed, we decided to go out for a walk and, bearing in mind it was us, Ruthie decided what we should do.
"Right, we're going to the Lake Park and you can give me a guided tour of what happened where. I love talking about sex so let's do it!"
She suddenly put her hand to her mouth "I mean...uh..."
"Ruthie, I know." I couldn't stop laughing. "We're going to the park to "talk" not "do", yes?"
"Yes, Andy. Sorry." She had a really charming smile. "I have questions for you. You up for it?"
"Well, why not. I guess this is one way of working Eva out of my system." We laughed our way down the road, arm in arm.
Just before we got there though, Ruthie stopped me
"By the way, between us, OK, Andy?"
"Sure...and thank you."
Ruthie loved being cheeky. We got to the bowling green and I described the night when Eva displayed her more aggressive side and, later, when we had a more relaxed return but with the same result.
"OK, so we shall call this the "Fuck Bench" then."
"Are we naming landmarks now, Ruthie?"
"Oh yes, I think we should. It would be...therapeutic." She made me laugh. I did need it.
"OK, Dr.Davis."
"Fuck off, you!" Ruthie winked at me and tugged at my jacket.
"So, anyway, was that the first time you kind of came...together?"
"Yes, it was. It was kind of by mistake because I think Eva wanted me inside her but she caught herself by surprise and came first."
"Oh really. Quite raw and sexy then?"
"Yes, very much a side of her I'd not seen. Quite aggressive which was disarming but very erotic."
I decided I should fire some questions back.
"So, any of the guys you've been with, did you get an orgasm with them?"
"No. Never. Always the same. They do their thing and then that's it. Fucking horrible, Andy, when I think about it. The only person that's made me come is me."
"Christ, not even one of them tried to get you going first?"
"Oh, lots of finger stuff but not really any idea what they were doing. No, fumbling around then straight in the hole. Dismal, really. Hopeless."
"No bloody wonder you'd had enough. I can't believe that you haven't had one good guy."
"Yes, I know, all shits. That's why I'm saving myself now. I know what I want and I'm not going to get it at the moment so no-go."
"I admire your intentions, Ruthie."
"Well, I've had enough. I am a fucking person, not a come bucket."
I could sense that Ruthie's anger over what she'd experienced hadn't been voiced that much. Maybe she needed me to talk to as much as I needed her.
Walking on, we got to the secluded area behind the hedgerows that Eva had shown me.
"Where on earth are we going now?"
"Be patient, Ruthie. You'll see."
The gap in the hedgerows elicited an "ooh" from Ruthie.
"I thought I knew this park well. Appears not well enough."
Ruthie stood in the little clearing, hands in her coat pockets, looking up at the sky. She was a really lovely looking woman, I thought. Her mop of blond hair and, something I found quite cute, her lips would often be slightly parted when she was listening to someone, as if in wonder at what they were saying.
"So, what's the name for this one, Ruthie?"
"Easy, "Bonk Corner"."
"Really? OK." I couldn't contain my laughter. We walked on.
"Weren't you scared about being seen, Andy?
"Well, that's part of the thrill of it, maybe. Knowing you were possibly on display a bit but, in reality, it was so much more sexy being like how we were at the party."
I paused, Ruthie looking at me, knowing I hadn't finished.
"Without wishing to be too forward, it was quite a turn-on, with just you watching. Almost like an unspoken consent."
"Oh Andy. That was something else."
"Mmm, I think you might have witnessed the deepest lovemaking we ever experienced."
"Why?"
"Because we knew you were there, we liked it but we also lost ourselves in each other. Confession?"
"OK" Ruthie clearly intrigued.
"Watching you topless clearly touching yourself looking at me made the arousal even greater."
"I couldn't believe what I was seeing."
"It wasn't the longest, or the most intense sex we'd had but, alongside our feelings for each other, it was...complete. Yes, complete."
"Really?"
"Yes. Eva told me she was in love with me when she left in the morning so, yes. Complete."
Continuing to stroll around the lake, I had a question for Ruthie.
"So, you're intrigued by "Bonk Corner". Have you ever been naked outside then?"
"Not since I was little probably, running around with a bucket and spade at the seaside."
"Well, it's something you should try, Ruthie."
"So, did you get naked with Eva a lot then...outside?"
"OK. Let's find a bench so I can tell you."
"What? There's a list? Fuck, yes please."
"So, Mayday weekend, we spent the best part of a whole day together naked at Eva's house."
"Doing what?"
"What do you think, Ruthie?"
"Oh...oh, wow. All the time?"
"Well, we slept and rested but sunbathed nude in her garden..."
"You what!"
I was blowing Ruthie's mind a bit here and also reminding myself how extraordinary this all was. I did find her fascination quite amusing.
"Eva's garden wasn't very overlooked at all so we were able to spend the first afternoon outside."
"And did you...you know?"
"Don't be so coy, Ruthie. That's not you."
"You were having sex in the garden."
"Yes, and a little discovery too."
"Discovery? Wha..."
I interrupted "Not yet, Ruthie. I'm not giving away all my secrets at once!!"
"OK, sex god."
We laughed again and walked back to Ruthie's house. I saw her to her door.
"Thank you, Ruthie."
"Why thanks?"
"Because a chance meeting with you has made my day and given me the chance to think about it all a bit and, most of all..."
"Mmm, yes Andy?"
"Spend some time with you. You really helped brighten me up today. It's been lovely."
"Yes, it has. My Mum likes you so that's a good thing!"
"Remind me to ask you what you've said to her. She seemed to know of me."
"Yes, she does. For another time, Andy."
"Soon, I hope, Bye Ruthie."
"Bye, honey" and with a gentle kiss on the lips, she waved at me and went in. I really felt I'd found a proper friend that day.
Heart-warming.