My thanks to MormonJack for edits and crits.
Chapter 7
The time with Nicole was beautiful, but we both sensed that it couldn't last. The fire burned too bright and too hot. There are people with addictive personalities (such as Mingyu, who continued to text me from time to time) who can't get enough and can't shake the need. Nicole wasn't one of those-- just the opposite. Her fundamental need to maintain control and to understand herself outweighed the intense physical pleasure I was happy to endlessly give her. She would actually stop me from making her come after a few (okay, several) orgasms. She said she didn't want to overdo it too much.
The sex had another effect on her. She told me it raised questions in her mind about her life, her existence, and her place in the world. Why was she so lucky to have been given such amazing experiences? The logic paradoxes she'd been puzzling in math and computer science were dwarfed by these greater paradoxes. She completed her MS but then applied for philosophy programs. It was a bittersweet moment for both of us when she was accepted to read philosophy at Cambridge, an opportunity she couldn't pass up. She invited me to join her there but we both knew that was impossible. I promised to visit her often.
She gave me a tour of her new digs during one call, small, modest, British, and dark. Setting the phone on her tiny kitchen table, which was also the one bright spot in the place by the garden window, she said, "I really do intend to go back to you. But I need some perspective."
"Meaning far enough away that I can't zap you?"
"Temporarily. I already know I can't live without it. But I need to come to terms with it."
"I didn't tell you before, but I can reach through this phone and zap you while you're sitting at the window. Watch." I scrunched my eyebrows and made wiggly motions into the phone with my fingers.
"Ooh, ahh," she responded, squirming in her chair. "Seriously, I'll be back. Long weekend or something. Maybe in a few weeks."
Then I had the confrontation with Athena, followed by my own new situation building my business. It was always "in a few weeks" and stayed that way.
I actually spent the next few months after Nicole left celibate, believe it or not. I was able, thanks to her, to keep from hitting on (including with my power) the women I met. And I couldn't shake the expectation, viewing some nice-looking blonde walking toward me down the street, or some exotic foreign beauty next to me at a cafe, that the experience would be disappointing.
** ** ** ** ** ** ** ** **
The only problem now was Kayla. I'd had a few more sessions with her at various venues before Nicole, but I wasn't in the mood for that type of relationship anymore. It had always been mostly one-sided with her anyway, me servicing her special needs, and had become more one-sided with each scene.
She knew something had changed. Her contact with me diminished to a trickle. That was disappointing, but I was managing my own contacts and leads. Her loss too, I thought.
Then, one day out of the blue, she sent me an email, friendly but business formal. She wanted me to meet someone to "discover a great opportunity." Sounded suspicious but, I thought, the worst outcome would be wasted time listening to some new crypto scheme or whatever. The message also included a three-month guest membership to one of the most exclusive clubs in the city. I had to investigate.
So now I was at the expensive club's overpriced bar, nursing my second martini, starting to wonder why I was here. Surely Kayla, even if she resented the way I was neglecting her, wouldn't have done this just as a prank. I checked my watch wondering how many more minutes I would give to this apparently futile dead-end task before giving up, when there appeared in front of me a woman.
She was expensively dressed, well-scented, and trendily coiffed. Very lean and hinting muscle in the arm exposed from her one-sleeve top and legs that extended from a short skirt. But her hair was done in one of those extreme styles that swept it all to one side, leaving her a bit unbalanced. And worst of all, she carried herself in a posture that broadcast that she knew she was hot-- but she wasn't. At least not to me. Well-trained now by Nicole, I refrained from doing anything to her.
She looked me up and down. "You don't look like much," she said.
"Nice," I shot back. "Is that your standard pickup line? Does it work for you?"
Her skinny-lipped mouth tightened, no doubt suppressing some kind of scathing comeback. "Athena will see you now."
"Who?" I knew very well who. Kayla had filled me in. I'd also done my own research. Plus I was a little pissed off at being made to wait. I'd been observing this woman and the group at the back for a while. "Oh, you mean Ms. Hopper?"
More rapier-like remarks got muzzled. She waved the exposed arm in the general direction of the back corner where the person I was supposed meet had established herself.
"Thanks," I said. "Just let me finish my drink."
She picked it up from the bar and gestured toward the back again.
"Well then, wait a minute while I take care of my tab."
"Hey, Josh," she called out to the bartender, pointing to my glass and then thumbing toward the back.
She was efficient, I had to give her that. At least I was getting a couple of free drinks. I followed her back to the corner, where "Athena", as she liked to be called, sat surrounded by what had to be her posse. She looked up at me. "At last we meet."
I continued to play dumb. The hedge fund maven formerly known as Kate Hopper waited for a reply but none was forthcoming. She wore a business suit maybe a half size too tight, one of those not-quite-a-color shades just off black, a bit shiny. Unlike the other women in her gang, she wore a more modest midi skirt instead of mini.
Within single digit seconds she grew impatient. She looked to the left where a young man stood, in a suit and the new mullet-like hair style that would be out of date in six months. He'd been staring at me as I approached. I'd thought he was a bodyguard, but he didn't seem the type. Too pretty. Too skinny.
A small hand wave scooted Ms. OneArm over and "Athena" patted the bench. I sat in the vacated spot and turned to face her. "You're going to join us at the Fund," she said. The tone was a statement of fact rather than a sales pitch.
I shrugged. "You run a tight organization. Hard to get any information on either your investments or your methods." I was tired of playing dumb.
"There are reasons."
"I'm sure."
"You know them."
I felt a wash of pleasure. And a tingle in my crotch. An erection was growing. I'm no stranger to getting hard in the presence of attractive women, but the woman before me was not one of my targets, nor was Ms. OneArm behind me. Certainly not the skinny non-bodyguard. I was specifically keeping my TK in check, as Nicole had taught me. The tingle was coming from an unusual location, down under my testicles, near the little muscles that--hmm...
I stared at Athena and contracted her pupils. She looked away for a second. The tingle stopped and my erection shrank. Also, curiously, that sudden pleasurable sensation went away. Recovering, she returned her focus on me and the tingle resumed. And the pleasure.
I looked around the large space. A lot of chatter but no one external to her group watching us. Needing a moment to absorb this new situation, I picked up my glass and pretended to take a sip. Alcohol depresses TK. I suspected I was going to need it at full strength.
Another gesture from Athena. Ms. OneArm held out a phone to me, showing me a woman's face, familiar and smiling. Kayla. It was a video.
"Hi," she began. "Why are you being such a stranger?" She closed her eyes, her attention drifting off somewhere. She had a big, wide smile on her face, uncharacteristic in my time with her. Her head made small rhythmic movements.
The phone image pulled back to reveal Kayla on her hands and knees, naked. I knew those breasts with their pierced nipples very well. "I've merged with Athena." More movement, a rocking of her whole body forward and back. "Maybe merge is the wrong... word." Her eyes fluttered. "I've given myself to her. There's no... business... term... for that." Her head dipped down while a shudder went through her. She lifted her head to face the camera again. "You should too." The camera panned back more to reveal a woman behind her. It took a second or two to recognize the woman because she was also naked and the woman before me that I'd just met was fully clothed. But there was no doubt. And there was no doubt, watching them rock back and forth together, about what the naked woman was doing to Kayla.
"You have nice tits," I said to Athena.
She laughed. The tingling resumed but, after months with Nicole, I easily suppressed it. Her laugh turned into a scowl. Another gesture got OneArm to switch to a new video.
"I really miss you," Mingyu said. "Athena made me a great offer. You'll love working with her." She was in a lab, not the one where we'd done our research. And other interesting things. It was a bigger lab. I could make out large equipment behind her. At least Mingyu was in her standard lab coat, not naked and being fucked. "Join us. You won't be sorry."
"Very impressive."
Athena moved close to me. "We can offer many perks."
I felt a more intense tingling, which I repulsed. That pleasure again. I was annoyed. The best defense being a good offense, I dilated Athena while also giving some attention to those breasts. After all, she'd taken the first step by showing them to me.
Her reaction to my first small touches was stronger than I'd expected. Her hands went to her breasts, her head tilted back. I relented and after a few tens of seconds she regained control. "So that's what it's like? I can see," she said, "that we're going to have a wonderful time together."
She moved to kiss me, but I held her back. The pleasure hit me again but as I turned away from her kiss it faded quickly. The skinny guy's eyes bounced between her and me. He looked worried. Hah! Not a bodyguard. I revised his job description to administrative assistant. A boy toy.
I got an idea, a hypothesis. My science training engaged. I sat back, slouched a bit, crossed my legs, spread my arms across the back of the bench. I almost laughed. Ms. OneArm put the phone away. She was angry. "You need to show more respect for Mistress."
Time to test out my theory. I began a gradual stimulation of Ms. OneArm. She looked across me at Athena, surprised. "Mistress, if you--" I turned up the stim another notch.
Athena scowled again. Her face contorted. I hoped my face didn't look like that when I was trying really hard to project my power. She was going really hard on me. I'd never felt it before from another person, but I recognized it from my experiments on myself. It seemed to aim at only two places, somewhere between my temples and down under my crotch. Therefore limited. Theory confirmed. My control held. Meanwhile OneArm doubled over, slipping off the seat almost to the floor. Skinny Guy helped her back on and she ended up with her forehead against the back cushion, still doubled over, shuddering as the orgasms began. It was a bit cruel, perhaps, if giving a woman more orgasms than she can take is cruel, but I needed to make a point.
Skinny Guy looked like he wanted to do something, maybe to me, so I contracted him, and he stood up, looking around quizzically. I hit him with a small migraine and he sat, almost collapsed, onto the bench next to OneArm.
I turned to Athena. "I prefer to stay independent."
I have to hand it to Athena. She was a quick study. "Your power seems to be greater than reported."
"I've been... let's say, in training."
She pulled her legs up, very nice legs, to lounge facing me. "Perhaps we can work out an arrangement."
The pleasure hit me again, stronger. Plus a sense that I was smart, like brilliant, Nobel-level genius. I turned away and both feelings disappeared.
Although I'd never met another example, and my literature research had never turned up a peer-reviewed study, I never could quite believe that I was the only one.
You've read about those people as much as I have: the coach hired for a seven-figure salary who's never had a winning season but nonetheless keeps his job; the celebrity famous for no reason who seems to possess not a shred of talent; or the CEO hired from nowhere, clearly an incompetent buffoon, who gets a giant bonus while the company is failing. I'd always suspected they had something extra going for them. Now I was beginning to understand.
I played with her there in the overpriced club. I let her hit me in my pleasure center a bit, then turned away, then back. It seemed she could do it to me but had to stay focused and follow my position. My skill was apparently more versatile. I kept a steady stim where it would do the most good and no amount of squirming on her part could effect an escape.
"Wait! Wait." She held up her hand. "Truce."
I paused my stim. I felt her relent her attack also.
"Look, I'm a businesswoman. I don't want to fight you."
"You just want to use me."
"I want to make a deal."
I waited.
"Okay, yes." She straightened her suit, which had become a bit rumpled with her contortions. "I thought I could make you an... employee."
I gestured toward OneArm and Skinny. "Is that what you call them?"
"I pay them well. They do more than what you may think they do."
"I'm sure."
She sighed. "Let's think this through. You will provide your services." She stopped me with her hand from responding. "TBD. We provide you with our information. TBD."
"So roughly the arrangement Kayla and I had before you, ah,hiredher."
"And before you started neglecting her, forcing her to look for a new arrangement."
"Touché. But the devil is in the details."
"The devil is everywhere." She looked around. "Could we adjourn to a more private venue?" Without waiting for my agreement, she signaled to Skinny, who began doing things on his phone.
She stood, immediately followed by her posse, which it turned out included a few others around us that I'd suspected of being on her team. They paid too much attention to us without being shooed away by OneArm.
We took an elevator up several floors to a lobby. I followed, trying to be last, but their politeness was too aggressive. The club, it seemed, operated its own boutique hotel. We were quickly led to a suite, where I chose a nice armchair.
"Drink?"
"Sparkling."
One of the posse walked out of the room.
"Let's talk about you," she began. She was sitting in the middle of a small couch. Skinny stood behind the seat, reaching over to rub her shoulders. Ms. OneArm appeared from another room a minute later and sat next to her, apparently recovered from my earlier demonstration, holding a leather folder.
I shrugged. "Not much to talk about."
"I have to disagree. Your old flame, Mingyu, gave a detailed description of your abilities. Very detailed."
"Then you know everything." I know, that was a white lie. Mingyu didn't know about Nicole.
"It's not often I see modesty used as a negotiating tactic. We all saw what you did to Harper." Ms. OneArm startled slightly and lowered her head. So that was her name. "I think some of us would like you to do it to them." She looked up and behind her. "Isn't that right, Paris?" An especially strong squeeze on her shoulders was his only response. His eyes were fixed on me intently, but they had been the whole time I was in the room, and even before in the bar. I'd thought he was just being wary and protective but apparently he had a different motivation. Without any special help from me.
"I don't do men. Not my thing."
"Oh, that's a pity. Men are fun."
"And I don't do it for money." Water arrived. I took a polite sip.
She waved the posse out of the room, except for Paris and Harper. She whispered something to Paris, who moved his massage to her head as she leaned back and closed her eyes. "You misunderstand," she said to the ceiling. "I will offer you a retainer." She gestured to Harper. From the folder the young woman took out a slip of paper. "Go on."
Harper gave her mistress a worried look, moved to get up, hesitated, finally rose to her feet. She looked at me, maybe for the first time since I'd done her, maybe with fear, maybe something else I couldn't read. Another tiny gesture sent her across to me, where after some hesitation she knelt and presented the paper.
It was a cashier's check, made out to me. A zero more than I'd expected. After handing me the check, Harper looked up at me. Her face now showed a kind of pleading look on top of the worry. She'd pulled her hair back so it wasn't asymmetrical anymore. She was actually quite attractive.
"I apologize if I misled you," Athena said from the couch. "The sex is a bonus, not a duty. Mingyu mentioned what you like. Harper."
Harper's hand reached up to the one strap of her top and pulled it down, revealing small but very nice breasts. That also revealed why she'd knelt when presenting the check: an action, needless to say, atypical in financial transactions. Her hands went to my thigh. She shuddered slightly, her eyes closed, her mouth opened. A look of pure pleasure erased the worry. But I wasn't doing anything to her. "Athena would be very pleased," she said when her eyes reopened, sliding her hands further up my leg, "If you would allow me..."
I didn't answer, mostly because my attention was diverted to the couch. Paris had come around and was now kneeling in front of Athena. Her legs opened and his head dipped down. "Ah," she said. "I like men." I guessed she also liked to put on a show.
Harper looked from her boss to me and back again. Her worried look had returned.
"Harper, dear, could you send in Helen?"
Harper took her hands off me for a few seconds to send a text. Soon a tall, thin, young blonde in skin-tight pants and top came in. Athena stretched out on the couch, her head resting on its arm. The woman, presumably Helen, undressed in front of us. She was really quite stunning, with wavy hair, classic model's face, and a killer body. "Please," Athena said, turning briefly to me and motioning toward Harper, "Enjoy her. She's really very good."
Athena lifted and spread her legs, also her arms, as if she were welcoming a group, except of course that she was horizontal. Paris meanwhile had removed his pants and got up onto the couch. Athena's and his eyes locked. He closed his eyes with that look of pained ecstasy I was becoming familiar with, and his cock went from soft to extremely hard in seconds. I would have found it almost painful if it had been mine. He scooted between his boss's thighs.
"Wait," Athena ordered him, "Collar."
Helen went to a cabinet and brought out an object made of black leather and chain. She put the leather collar around Paris's neck. He held his hands up behind his head to let her clip them to the collar. Then Athena made a flicking gesture to Helen.
The tall young woman retrieved something from a drawer and moved next to Paris. At a nod from Athena, she whacked Paris on his rear end. He yelled and thrust himself into his boss's cunt. Then again and again, in a slow rhythm while the boss stretched back and concentrated on what looked like violent thrusts into her. But she was clearly enjoying herself. Paris began to look stressed, but the two women continued. His yells became plaintive, downright pathetic. At last Athena relented and poor Paris collapsed back on the couch. "Position three," she ordered.
The man slid down to lie on the cushions, his erection so hard it lifted up into the air. Helen took it in hand and held it straight up for her boss to sit down on it. Athena sighed in satisfaction, then motioned the woman onto the couch. Gorgeous Helen climbed over Paris's bound head and presented her shaved sex for her boss. Athena slapped Paris's stomach, apparently a signal for him to start fucking her from underneath, and leaned forward to put her face between Helen's elegant legs.
"Please," Harper pleaded with me in a low voice. "It's important. I need to take care of you." She tilted her head toward her boss, at the moment making kissing sounds on the young woman's spread legs while the young man fucked her. "And anyway," she gave me a smile, a genuine one, maybe the first I'd seen on her this evening, "that really was a spectacular orgasm you gave me downstairs. Best I've had in months." She must have seen the shock on my face because she rose up briefly to whisper in my ear: "She rations us." That explained why she'd reacted so strongly to my stimulation down in the bar.
Athena retreated from her subordinate's crotch and turned to me. "Show me what you can do."
"I did mention that I'm not for hire."
"Then make it a favor for a business partner." She ran her lips along the inside of Helen's pale thigh, which, I had to give her, must be an exquisite tactile delicacy.
"You don't seem to lack for help in that department."
She sighed. "Harper, how's it going over there?"
Harper looked up at me. I nodded to her. If I had to do any favors here, I should do them for Harper. She moved between my legs and began to open my belt. "Great," she reported to her boss.
Athena continued to find Harper and me more interesting than the attractive couple that were there for her, so I decided to try something. "Okay," I said to Athena, "I'll show you."
I let Harper suck me hard. I was really warming to her, and I was feeling a little guilty for judging her before getting to know her situation. I didn't know how she'd got herself into it, but it didn't seem fair that she couldn't seem to get out. Of course, getting hard in Harper's mouth wasn't a totally altruistic act on my part. I hadn't been with a woman in months. It was time to break the fast. And Athena, for all her many faults, was right about Harper's skill.
It felt really good to be stimulating a woman again. I did Harper all over, not just her pussy. I cycled through her nipples, her butt, her legs, her tongue and lips of course. Her body was really nice, very fit and trim. All activity on the couch ceased as they watched their colleague moan and whimper in pleasure while she fellated me as if my cock were spurting ambrosia laced with LSD. Which it might as well have, given what I was doing to her. Within a few minutes she was coming. Her right hand was a fist in her crotch, wriggling as if a million ants were tickling her pussy. There weren't the sharp, debilitating orgasms from before. I'd been cruel to her previously frustrated body; I moderated my TK so she could stay in control, if barely, and let them build in her. Her sucking was really delicious. I could tell she was just sucking for herself, just to stay focused while the orgasms sent earthquakes up and down and through her body. My cock was her anchor in Heaven.
"Can't... come... anymore," she gasped as she finally slipped off my cock and sank to the carpet.
"God, that was hot," Athena said. She had Paris resume his pumping while she Frenched Helen.
It was then I implemented the next phase of my plan. "Now I'll show you what else I can do."
Athena did her thing with them for a while, but then stopped. "What? Come on or I'll whip you both!" she ordered and set them going on her again. They certainly tried. The man fucked hard with his hips. The woman stood up on the couch and slid her pussy all over her boss's face, making cooing sounds, getting close to coming but holding back. I didn't do anything to them, just Athena. Athena just lay there. I couldn't see her expression, of course, but her body was straining, looking more and more frustrated.
I moved to the floor and pulled Harper's skirt and underwear off her. She was surprised by that move but was too wiped out to resist. She certainly didn't resist when I lifted one leg, moved up along her thighs, and inserted my still stiff cock in her quite sopping wet cunt. It turned out she onlythoughtshe couldn't come anymore. With my help she was able to achieve even more orgasms. Only then, and after some sincere begging on her part that she really, really couldn't take anymore, did I relent.
Athena lifted herself off her thwarted lovers. "What the fuck?" she yelled, as if making an announcement of a quarterly loss at an all-hands. To me: "What the fuck are you doing? You're doing this, aren't you?"
I didn't bother reacting. I stood and began putting my clothes back on. "Have Kayla send me an agreement. Similar to the one I had with her. And one more thing. Harper," I said, "would you like a job?"
Harper's eyes widened. Back up on her knees she gave her soon-to-be-former boss a wild look. Athena gestured her away in disgust.
I was rewarded with a kiss on my waist, I guess because it was the only bit of skin down there still exposed. She stood and kissed my cheek. She seemed to remember just then that she was half naked and quickly put her pants back on. It was my turn to gesture to her, urging her out the door.
"What-- what's going on, Sir?" she asked in the hallway.
"You don't have to call me sir. I'll explain in a few minutes." She held me close during the elevator descent. She seemed to understand that we shouldn't have a substantive conversation until we were out of the building.
After the valet delivered my car and we drove off she asked again. "So, what just happened up there? I mean, if I can ask."
"She really had you intimidated, didn't she?"
"Um, I need to be certain, are you really hiring me, or was that just for show?"
"Oh, I was sincere. I need a good assistant. Same salary. She said she pays you well."
"Thanks!" She put her hand on my thigh.
"Sex is optional. I don't need to pay for sex."
She laughed. "I'm sure you don't." She leaned closer to me as I drove away. Putting her hand on my crotch she said in my ear, "I owe you anyway. Just say the word," rubbing me through my pants. I realized she had a point. In all that kinky scene upstairs, I hadn't had an orgasm. After giving some good ones.
But I really was trying to do the right thing, as Nicole had taught me. "Can I drive you home?"
"Actually, I guess I'm homeless right now. I was staying in a dorm at the company."
"Jeez. What? She had you in a dorm?"
"And guess who my roommate was. Yeah, that bitch who was coming on Athena's face. Which seems to be her major job here. I mean there, at the Fund. I'm gone. I mean, I am, right? Please tell me this isn't some elaborate test she's cooked up."
"Ha. If it is I think you failed miserably."
She laughed and kissed me again. "She never really liked me. She tolerated me because I'm so good at what I do."
"By the way, I'm pretty sure she let you go so you can spy on me."
"That's fine. Just tell me what kind of lies you want me to feed her." Her continued rubbing was making me stiffer and stiffer. "Take me home with you. You won't regret it."