This story is the second in a series. It is probably necessary to read my story "Kelli" first for this story to make any sense.
This story is a work of fiction. Some real institutions are mentioned, but they are used fictitiously. Insofar as the author knows, no real person affiliated with any of those institutions has ever behaved as do the characters in this story. Any similarities between any character in this story and any real person are coincidental and unintended. Comments on this story, both favorable and unfavorable, are always welcome. Thank you for reading this.
*****
The July Fourth weekend which I spent with Kelli and her family strengthened my relationship with Kelli. I had seen Kelli as she had been brought up and as she really was behind her professional mask. She had taught me a lot about myself. I learned, and had shown her, that I was completely comfortable with the nudity which was an important part of her life. I knew I could trust Kelli completely and thought she reached the same conclusion about me. The weekend also confirmed that we had extraordinarily strong feelings for each other. I believed and hoped that Kelli and I were going to have a life-long relationship.
Kelli and I were having dinner at her apartment a week after the Fourth. In a teasing tone of voice, Kelli said, "Will, next Saturday is the third Saturday of the month. Haven't you wondered why I won't do anything with you on the third Saturday?"
"Yes, I've wondered," I replied, "but I figured you'd tell me if you want me to know. Since you haven't told me, I assume you do something those nights that you don't want me to know about."
"Yes," Kelli said, "but it isn't something bad like you're implying. I just wasn't sure how you'd react."
"Do I correctly get the sense that you're going to tell me now?" I asked.
"Yes," Kelli said, "I'm pretty comfortable telling you after last weekend. I'm going to ask you something too."
"Ok," I said.
"You met my friend Clarissa when we golfed," Kelli said. "She's an assistant manager at a private sports club northeast of town. It is nice and has everything. Each assistant manager must close one Saturday per month. Clarissa's is the third Saturday. The club closes at 8:00 p.m. and the staff is usually gone by 9:00 p.m. A few of my friends and I get there around 9:30 p.m. Clarissa lets us in, and we use the facilities usually until about 12:30 or 1:00 a.m."
"Let me guess," I said, "you all use the sports club nude."
"Smart boy!" Kelli said. "It's really fun."
"And what was the question?" I asked, knowing what it was.
"Would you like to come with me next Saturday?"
"Um, that means I'd see your friends naked, right?" I asked.
"Well, I was thinking of it more in terms of showing you off to them," Kelli replied.
"And you'll be disappointed if I don't go?" I asked.
Kelli did a mock pout and said, "very disappointed."
"Well, we can't let you be disappointed," I said. "I'll go."
The next Saturday, Kelli and I met Karla and her boyfriend Peter for dinner at a local sports bar at 5:00 p.m. Karla worked in marketing for a huge consumer products company based in our town. Peter, who had thrown discus in college, was a security specialist in the company's IT department. Karla and Peter had met at work. We ate early to give our dinners time to digest before we used the sports club. We were joined by a third couple: Robin and Brandt. Robin was a high school friend of Karla's. Karla had invited Robin her to join the nude sports club group.
Karla had told us that Robin had gotten a gymnastics scholarship to a southern university where women's gymnastics had become a big-time sport. Robin was good, but not good enough to keep competing beyond college. She got a master's in athletic training and met Brandt. Robin now worked as an assistant trainer at the larger local university. Brandt, who had played soccer in undergrad, was a trainer at a local public high school which ran a huge sports program.
Brandt looked like an average, very fit, guy. Robin was special. She was short and had a compact, athletic-looking body. Light blonde hair cut to a point a bit off her shoulders framed a lovely, girl-next door face.
Kelli and Karla were the only ones out of the six of us who had attended the nude sports club gatherings before. My curiosity got the better of me. I asked, "how did these gatherings get started?"
"Clarissa got the job at the club a little over a year ago," Kelli said. "After her first Saturday night, she realized that she had access to this great facility that was completely empty after 9:00 p.m. on Saturdays. Karla, Pam, and I were all athletes and love doing sports. Clarissa thought she would do us a favor by letting us use the club for free the Saturday nights when she closed."
Karla picked up the story. "The three of us went there the second Saturday Clarissa closed. As long as we cleaned up after ourselves so it wasn't obvious we'd been there, we could do anything we wanted. We were the only people there. We had brought suits but, when we went to use the pool, someone said she didn't see the need to wear a suit and took her suit off. I do not quite remember who that was. Do you Kelli"
The tone of Karla's voice made it clear that Kelli was the person who initiated the nudity. "Well," Kelli said, "it didn't take the rest of you long to get your suits off once I suggested it. After we swam a while, we thought it would be fun to try some other stuff nude. The club has a large room full of gymnastics equipment for men and women. Karla and I went in there and did some nude tumbling, which was great. Clarissa and Pam played one-on-one basketball, which looked like fun."
"We decided then and there that we'd go to the club every Saturday Clarissa closed and that none of us would wear any clothes," Karla said. "Then, Clarissa asked if it was ok with us for her boyfriend Rich to come too." Karla giggled. "We said we were fine with that so long as he went nude too. We did not think he would, but he showed up the next month and stripped off. Pam also brought her boyfriend, Ed, that second time. It was kind of nice having guys around, so I started bringing Peter. Later, Pam asked if she could invite her friend Paula and Paul's boyfriend Jason. We said ok, so they started coming."
Robin interjected at that point, "I'm so glad you invited Brandt and me. Once Karla told me that the club has a full set of gymnastics apparatus I can use nude, I had to join in."
"Why?" Peter asked.
Robin paused for a moment, then laughed. "I hope this doesn't sound perverted. I've done gymnastics since I was six or seven years old. I was on my high school team, but I always also went to a private coach which Mom and Dad paid for. Between my junior and senior years of high school, I switched to a new private coach, Anna Nicola. I'd only been with Coach Anna couple of months, when she asked four of us older girls to stay after practice one evening. She gathered us around and asked if any of us had ever thought about doing any of our routines with no clothes on. I was shocked by the question and more shocked when one of the other girls said that she wanted to try it but was afraid she would get in trouble. Coach Anna said that, while you had to be careful, it felt great to do gymnastics with nothing on.
Robin took a sip of her Coke. Then she continued her story. "Coach Anna took off her warm-up suit. She did not have anything on underneath. She did look good. She got up on the balance beam and did a routine. It looked so natural. Watching Coach Anna, it made more sense to me to do gymnastics nude rather than in those silly leotards that cover all of your arms, but leave your legs bare, creep into the crack of your ass, and show a camel toe."
Robin paused again. "After Coach Anna finished on the beam, the girl who'd said she had thought about it asked if she could try the uneven bars naked. Coach Anna said yes. The girl took off all her clothes, put on the handguards, and let Coach lift her up so she could grab the lower bar. She did a great routine and stuck the landing. She looked at the rest of us and said, 'That was so great! You have to try it!' I tried it and loved it. When I got to college, we had meets in the basketball arenas. Several thousand people came to those meets. I started thinking about what it would be like to compete with nothing on in front of an audience like that. The more I thought about it, the more exciting it seemed. Unfortunately, I never got to do that."
"It won't be a big one," Kelli said, "but we can give you an audience tonight if you want it."
"That's what I was hoping for," Robin replied.
"You're not the only one who wanted to show off in front of an audience," Karla said. "I distinctly recall being at a cheer camp during college and meeting this girl from OSU who talked about how she wanted to cheer a football game with nothing on under her skirt."
"Well," Kelli said, "I remember at that same camp, someone did cheer with nothing on under her skirt."
"Be fair," Karla replied, "we both did that."
"And we both enjoyed the hell out of it," Kelli said.
"Yeah," Karla said, "you could get away with a lot at those camps."
Peter, Brandt, and I were listening to this conversation with something approaching awe. Kelli turned it on us. "Ok guys, when did you expose yourselves playing your sports."
Peter said, "every spring, the track team would take a trip and compete in a couple of meets somewhere warm. One year it was in Texas, another year in Florida. My senior year, we went to California. A school out there hosted a pretty big meet with about ten men's teams and, I think, seven women's. It started at eight in the morning and finished up around seven that night. As the meet was finishing up, some athletes from the host team told us to be back at ten that night. They did not say why. Not everyone, but a few of us, went back to the track at ten that night. They had the lights on and athletes from all the teams were there, men and women. We were kind of surprised when people started taking their clothes off. They told us it was a tradition for that meet. After the official meet, almost everyone came back that night and held a second meet completely in the nude. They told us they had been doing it for years but only track athletes and coaches on the West Coast knew. I read a couple of years later that it became public, there was a huge stink, and the school shut it down."
"Did you compete nude?" Karla asked.
"I did," Peter replied. "I had my best throw of the year at that unofficial meet."
Brandt just shook his head. I said, "I was a wrestler. The idea of wrestling another guy with both of us naked never crossed my mind."
In a seductive tone, Kelli asked, "You'd wrestle a girl nude though, wouldn't you?"
"The right girl," I replied.
"And who would that be?" Kelli shot back.
I looked around the table. "Any of the women at this table," I answered.
That brought a laugh. Karla interjected, "Be careful Will. You might find takers." That brought another laugh.
In order to minimize the number of cars parked at the club after hours, we left our cars at Karla's apartment complex and rode to the club together in her SUV. Rather than park in the huge lot in front, Karla drove around the large building to a small employee lot next to a loading dock in back. "Rich is already here," Karla said, "and that's Pam's car. Paula, Jason, and Ed probably rode with her."
Clarissa was standing guard at the employee entrance door and pushed it open as she saw us approach. Rich, Pam, Ed, Paula, and Jason were standing just inside the door. Karla introduced Robin and Brandt and Kelli introduced me. I noticed Robin was carrying a device like an I-pod and two speakers. After the introductions, Clarissa said, "Good. Everyone is here. Now we can all get NAKED!" We followed Clarissa into the men's locker room where we all stripped and hung up our clothes.
Everyone in the group had been an athlete in college (I count cheerleaders as athletes). Disrobed, it was an attractive group. Kelli was, indisputably, the most beautiful woman, but Karla and Robin were both a close second. There was a small drop-off in beauty between those three and the other women, but Clarissa, Pam, and Paula were all looked very nice in the nude. From the women's looks and expressions, I inferred that they enjoyed looking at us six nude men.
We all went into the basketball gym, paired off with our partners, and stretched a bit. I'd previously had the experience of helping Kelli stretch and warm up when we were both nude. That never got old.
After a few minutes, Karla called out, "Guys, Can I have a minute?" Everyone formed a circle around Karla. "My high school friend Robin is a gymnast. In college, she was pretty good. She confessed to me a while back that one of the things on her bucket list is to do her gymnastic routines in the nude in front of an audience. I invited her to join us so she can cross that off her list. What she and I talked about was that Robin would do one apparatus to start us off tonight and for each of the next three months. So, let's all go to the gymnastics room to watch Robin."
Nude, ten of us walked down a hall lit only with night lights to the gymnastics room. Robin and Brandt were already there. They had turned all the lights on. The device and speakers Robin carried were set up. Robin said, "Grab some chairs and put them around the floor exercise mat. I thought I would do floor as my introduction to the group. I think you'll see why."
Once we were all seated, Robin turned on her music. She started with some alluring poses and then did a tumbling run diagonally across the mat that ended with her sinking into a forward and backward split on the mat. She hopped up from that and did a couple of flips that moved her to the center of the mat. There she raised one leg straight up, like a ballerina, and spun. She dropped to the mat and did some rolls and a move where she lay on her back with her hips off the mat. Her legs were in the air and she spread them until they were parallel to the mat. It was an extremely exposed position. Robin followed that with more tumbling runs, some more standing poses, and more moves lying on the mat that seemed calculated to expose her completely. It was a very athletic and erotic performance.
Kelli and I were sitting together on a small bench. As Robin neared the end of her routine, Kelli whispered to me "Damn she looks hot. I wish I could do all of that." As a former cheerleader, I suspected that Kelli knew how to tumble. I started thinking about how to get her out on the mat.
Robin finished her routine in a classic split position on the mat. It had been an incredible performance by a very athletic, beautiful, and sexy woman. The ten of us started clapping. We stood up and continued clapping. Robin looked thrilled as she stood up from the mat. She bounced over to a beaming Brandt who gave her a huge hug.
After Robin and Brandt kissed, Robin walked back onto the mat and held up her hands. We stopped clapping. Robin said, "Thank you so much for letting me join you and for being my audience. I think Karla told you that it's been a dream of mine to do gymnastics nude in front of an audience for a long time. I also want to thank you for the great outfits you chose to wear tonight and to thank the guys for the stiff dicks I can see. That's flattering."
After Robin's stunning performance, ten of us played full court basketball. Robin and Brandt went off by themselves. I could not blame them. I had found Robin's performance arousing, and I was dating the most wonderful woman alive. It must have been very arousing for Brandt and, I suspected, for Robin.
I was never much of a basketball player. I found that I liked the game better wearing nothing but shoes. We played full court and the breeze on your body as you ran the court felt great. Even better was watching Kelli and Karla running up and down the floor nude. Kelli and I were teamed with Paula, Jason, and Ed. Pam, Clarissa, Rich, Karla, and Peter were the other team. The highlight of the game, for me at least, was when Peter set a pick on Paula and Karla tried to drive the lane. I switched off Jason and planted myself squarely in front of Karla, who chose not to stop. I ended up on my back on the floor with Karla on top of me.
After about an hour of hoops, we all went to the pool. Kelli and I swam a few laps then got into one of the relatively small Jacuzzis scattered around the pool area. Karla and Peter soon joined us. Under the water, Kelli was playing with my dick and I had a hand between her thighs. Across the tub, it looked like Karla and Peter were doing the same thing.
As usual, Kelli got me hard pretty quickly. She asked Karla, "ready?"
Karla replied with an enthusiastic "definitely!"
Kelli and Karla both stood up. Kelli straddled me and Karla straddled Peter. Kelli lowered herself down so that I slid inside her. I could not see what Karla and Peter were doing but assumed it was the same. Rather than starting to ride me, Kelli sat in my lap with my dick insider her. "Let's stay like this a while," she said, "it feels good." It did feel good.
Robin and Brandt came up. "May we join you?" Robin asked. It would be a bit tight, but none of us minded being close to each other.
"This is the copulation tub," Karla said. "You're very welcome to join us, but you must get a dick in your pussy if you want to stay."
"That's cool," Robin said. She knelt in front of Brandt and began kissing his dickhead. As he started to stiffen, Robin took him in her mouth. He was hard when she pulled her head away from him.
Because they were at a right angle to me, I could watch as Brandt got into the tub and sat. Robin followed him in, straddled him, reached a hand down into the water, and guided Brandt inside her as she sat in his lap.
For several minutes, the six of us talked. It was a bit odd having a normal conversation while we were all in coitus with our partners. Finally, Kelli said, "It's time to get off" and began moving up and down on me. At that point, I turned my complete attention to her. I assume Karla and Peter and Robin and Brandt were doing the same thing.
It is impossible to make love to Kelli Stouffer surreptitiously. She becomes very vocal, and loud, as she approaches orgasm. That has always been ok with me. I am proud of the fact that I make love to the most desirable woman alive. I am perfectly happy if Kelli calls attention to the fact. Kelli stayed true to form that evening, describing exactly what she was experiencing in an ever-louder voice. I still wish I had an audio tape of it.
After Kelli and I came, I heard what I suspected were the orgasms of Karla, Robin, Peter, and Brandt. When I caught my breath and looked around, I saw Clarissa, Rich, Pam, Ed, Paula, and Jason standing around the tub watching us. Finally, Clarissa said, "That was great guys, but you need to drain the tub and wipe it down." We did. It was worth it.
The sports club Saturday nights continued through the Summer and into the fall. Robin's nude performances on balance bean and uneven bars by themselves justified going. The six couples got together, clothed, on other occasions as well. However, Kelli and Karla, and Karla and Robin had friendships that had existed for several years. It just seemed natural that they, together with Peter, Brandt, and me, became an even closer group.
The Saturday after my first trip to the sports club, Kelli and I hosted Karla, Peter, Robin, and Brandt for dinner in Kelli's apartment (hers was much nicer than mine). We had worked out that morning and spent the early afternoon shopping for the dinner. We got a little tight on time. Around 5:30 p.m., we were still clothed, in the kitchen preparing the food. Kelli said, "Shit! They'll be here in half an hour! We've got to get ready." She turned down the burners and covered the pots and pans. She reached into a small pantry and pulled out two folded cloth items. "Follow me," she said.
I followed Kelli to her bedroom where she handed me the dark blue folded cloth. "Strip and put that on," Kelli directed. Unfolding the cloth, I saw that it was an apron. I took off my clothes, put on the apron, and let Kelli tie it in back. The apron completely covered my front, but my back, ass, and backs of my legs were exposed. Kelli stripped and put on a red and white striped apron that similarly covered her front and exposed her back. It was a sexy look on Kelli.
Properly attired, we went back to work in the kitchen. A little after 6:00 p.m., Kelli's doorbell rang. We both walked out to greet Karla and Peter. I think they were a little surprised to see us both in aprons with bare legs beneath. However, when Kelli and I turned and led them into the apartment, Karla exclaimed, "That's great. I love how you two think." We turned back around to face them. Karla whispered something to Peter, who nodded. Karla said, "We had planned to get naked as soon as we got here. Instead, I think we'll stay clothed and just enjoy our partially nude chefs." They followed us into the kitchen, and each had a glass of wine as we finished the cooking.
The doorbell rang again a few minutes later. Karla swiftly volunteered, "I'll get it" and walked out of the kitchen. We could hear her voice and those of Robin and Brandt in the front room.
Kelli and I were facing the kitchen entrance when Robin and Brandt walked in. "Ok, turn around," Robin said. We did. Robin clapped and said, "I love it!" Robin and Brandt also stayed clothed while Kelli and I wore only our aprons as we set the table, put out munchies, and chatted waiting for everything to finish cooking.
When the food was ready, Kelli had our four friends take seats at her dining table. She picked up their plates and led me into the kitchen. In the kitchen, Kelli took off her apron. "Let's serve them nude," she said with a giggle. I took off my robe. Kelli put servings of her shrimp and scallop pasta in herb and white wine sauce on dinner plates while I put servings of salad onto smaller plates. Nude, we carried the plates back into the other room and set them before our friends. Kelli sat down while I went around the table pouring wine for everyone.
We stayed nude through the dinner while our friends stayed clothed. I was surprised at how good it felt to be nude with our friends clothed. Finally, after Kelli and I had cleared the dinner table, Robin said, "I can't take it any longer. I'm getting naked." She stripped off completely, followed soon by Karla, Peter, and Brandt. They all tried to help us clean the dishes. Kelli's kitchen was not big enough for six people at once. However, since we were all now naked, it worked. There was a lot of rubbing against each other.
We all got more wine and moved into the living room. Somehow, the conversation got onto the topic of odd things about people's bodies. Brandt volunteered that Robin had a birthmark on the inside top of her right thigh. Of course, Robin had to lean back and spread her legs so we could all see it. That led to a group inspection of Robin's pussy, which was quite nice. Fairness dictated that we all take a detailed look at Kelli's and Karla's vaginas, which were also very nice. That was followed by the three women make detailed inspections of Peter's, Brandt's, and my dicks and balls, which were just dicks and balls.
In the middle of the genital inspections, Peter and I went into the kitchen to get more wine for our partners and ourselves. Out of the others' hearing, Peter said, "This is probably pretty juvenile. You know. 'you show me yours and I'll show you mine.' But I'm not complaining about three beautiful women showing me their cunts and handling my dick." I wasn't either.
Later, after our friends had left, Kelli and I were in bed, nude, holding each other. "Will," Kelli said, "when Karla and Robin were showing themselves and handling you, did you think that you'd like to fuck either of them?"
"No," I said honestly. "I assume that Karla and Robin are more than satisfied by Peter and Brandt."
"No doubt," Kelli said, "but I know Karla. She loves Peter, but she wouldn't hesitate to fuck you."
"Karla is a beautiful woman and a good friend," I said, "but I'm not going to do anything or anyone that would hurt you."
"What if I wasn't hurt?" Kelli asked.
"Do you want me to have sex with Karla?" I asked.
"I don't know," Kelli said. "We're so close to Karla, Peter, Robin, and Brandt that having sex with them seems sort of natural in some ways. Would you be upset if I fucked Peter or Brandt?"
That seemed a landmine question I had not been expecting. I thought for a moment, which is not necessarily wise in that sort of conversation. "I hadn't thought about it," I replied. "I hope and believe that there is a lot more to our relationship than just sex, and I don't control you. So, I guess I'd be ok with it if it was something you wanted to do and if I didn't think it meant that you want Peter or Brandt instead of me."
Kelli kissed me on the lips. "There is no one I want instead of you," she said as she fell asleep in my arms. It was a disturbing conversation, but Kelli ended it on the right note.
We were invited to Kelli's parents' house for the Labor Day weekend. Visiting Kelli's parents was a lot of fun. However, we declined the invitation to go camping with Karla and Peter. Robin and Brandt were asked along too, but they both had teams playing that weekend and had to work.
Peter knew a place for primitive camping in a state park about two hours' drive away. We all cut work at lunch time on Friday, loaded Karla's SUV, and headed east. Once we were in the park, Peter had us drive for almost another half hour and park in a small lot with no other cars on a holiday weekend. "The site is just over a half mile," Peter said. It took him and me two trips each to get our gear to the site. It was still light and, looking around, I had the impression that the four of us were off in the woods by ourselves. That was good both because we all wanted to spend the weekend naked and because we had brought beer and wine which are not technically allowed in state parks.
We set up a single tent that was big enough for four if all four knew each other very well. It was too warm, we thought, to use sleeping bags. Instead, Peter and I had each bought a large air mattress that inflated with a can of compressed air. We blew them up, butted them together, threw some sheets on top, and had a bed the four of us would share for the next three nights. Kelli, Karla, Peter, and I undressed. We didn't get dressed again until Monday afternoon.
The tenor of the weekend was, I think, sort of set Saturday morning. I woke up with someone's hand holding my dick. It felt nice. I assumed it was Kelli but, opening my eyes, saw that it was Karla and that she was still asleep. I just waited until she awoke several minutes later. She saw what she had ahold of, quickly let go, and said, "Sorry. I thought you were Peter."
I smiled at Karla and said, "No problem my friend. It felt nice."
Karla smiled back. "No problem for me either. You do feel nice," she said. She reached out and tapped my dickhead with her index finger once.
Morning brought the issue of the latrine trench. Peter and I had dug one maybe twenty yards from our campsite the prior afternoon. Kelli and Karla had used it, together, the night before. That morning, Kelli needed to use it again and flatly refused to go by herself. Karla was otherwise engaged with Peter, so I had to accompany Kelli. It was a weird milestone in our relationship, but Kelli and I discovered that we were both perfectly comfortable pissing in each other's presence.
Peter told us that an arm of the lake was only a few hundred yards from our campsite. We hiked there nude after breakfast. The water was shallow enough it was warm. There were a couple of small boats with fishermen maybe a half mile away. That did not bother us. We spent three or four pleasant hours sunning and skinny dipping.
Early that afternoon, we went back to our campsite for a late lunch. Fortunately, we had not brought out any booze when I heard someone walking in the woods towards us. Looking in the direction of the sounds, I saw the smokey bear hat of a state ranger. I casually picked up our sheets and dumped them on top of our coolers.
When the ranger reached our campsite, "he" turned out to be a rather cute young woman. She had Peter display the paperwork showing we had registered and paid for our campsite. She took a cursory look around. She glanced at the coolers but, apparently, decided to let that go. "You've keeping a nice, clean campsite," she said. "Keep it up and enjoy your weekend." The ranger started to turn back the way she had come. She hadn't said a word about the fact that all four of us were naked.
Karla couldn't let it go. "You're ok with it?" she asked the ranger.
The ranger turned and, very politely, asked "Ok with what?"
"With us not wearing any clothes," Karla replied.
The ranger smiled. "There are no special rules about nudity in state parks," she said. "You're under the general state law. What they teach us is that it's illegal in Ohio to expose your 'private parts' in circumstances where someone other than a family member may see you and be offended. I'm assuming you're not family members, but you're clearly not offended. There's no one else around but me. I'm not offended. I'm a little envious. If I didn't have to work, today would be a great day to work on getting rid of tan lines. Enjoy yourselves." The ranger walked away.
"Pretty cool ranger," Karla said.
"Nice ass too," Peter added teasingly. Karla slapped him lightly. Once the ranger was out of sight, I uncovered the coolers and we each had a beer.
After dinner that day, we opened the wine. Once the sun set, we lit a single Coleman lantern which cast some interesting shadows on Kelli's and Karla's bodies. I suppose it is some natural law that, when you have relatively young people naked and drinking, sex in some form will become the topic of conversation. That had happened with us. The conversation had gone on for a while when Karla asked, "Kelli, is there anyone, besides yourself, whom you'd like Will to fuck?"
Kelli squirmed a little, then broke into a smile before she answered. "Well, uh," she said, "I'd generally want him to stay completely faithful to me. But, we're so close to the two of you and to Robin and Brandt that it seems like we all should do something sexual with each other. Maybe not fucking. Maybe oral sex."
Karla laughed. "So, my dear friend, what you're saying is that Will's not allowed to fuck anyone other than you but you're ok if he eats me or Robin or if one of us sucks him off?"
"I know it doesn't make much sense, but, yeah, that's what I'm saying," Kelli replied.
"Will," Karla asked. "are you ok if Kelli has sex with someone else? Let's narrow it to her parameters: Are you ok if Kelli gives or receives oral sex to or from Peter or Brandt?"
I thought I knew where this was heading. I glanced at Kelli, who gave a slight nod of her head. "I'm pretty confident," I said, "that the bond between Kelli and me is a lot more than just sex. Kelli's right. You two and Robin and Brandt are much, much more than just friends. I don't think I can legitimately get upset if Kelli gives pleasure to or receives it from Peter or Brandt."
Karla smiled. "So, we're all agreed that oral sex between Kelli and Peter and between Will and me is perfectly ok?" Kelli and I nodded somewhat hesitantly. I was both afraid and eager to see how this played out.
Peter, who had obviously talked it through with Karla earlier, said simply "sure."
"We're alone together in the woods on a Saturday night," Karla said. "No one else is around to see or ever know. This seems to me to be the perfect time to find out if we're all really ok with what we've discussed." Karla stood up, walked over to one of the air mattresses, laid down on her back, spread her legs, and said, "Will, please eat me."
Confronted with that alluring reality; I hesitated. I looked at Kelli. She said softly, "Let's try it." I got on the air mattress between Karla's legs on all fours. I lowered my face to her pussy and looked at it for a moment. I'd seen it up close before, but not with Karla's and Kelli's expectation that I'd be putting my tongue and mouth on it. I very hesitantly began licking Karla's lips.
Out of a corner of my eye I saw Kelli kneel in front of Peter. "I guess this means I'm giving you a blow job," Kelli told him. I twisted my head slightly, maintaining contact with Karla, and saw Kelli take Peter's dick in her hand and look at it. I saw Kelli's tongue come out of her mouth and lick Peter's head. I decided I better give my full attention to Karla.
Karla smelled and tasted very good. I began sucking on her clit. Karla's "That's good" was encouraging. I pushed my tongue inside Karla and began feeling around for somewhere she particularly liked. After longer than I liked, Karla said, "There! Stay there!" I began licking that spot intently.
Going down on my girlfriend's best friend was, well, arousing. My dick was longing for attention when Karla said, somewhat breathlessly, "Will, swing your body around so I can get you in my mouth." I stopped going down on Karla just long enough to shift position so that my dick was over her face. As I started back up, hopefully on the same spot, inside Karla I felt her hands on my ass pulling me towards her. As she pulled my midsection down, I felt her tongue lick up the underside of my shaft. She kept pulling me down until I felt most of my dick inside Karla's mouth.
At around that same time, I felt Kelli and Peter laying down on the abutting air mattress. Again out of a corner of my eye, I saw Peter on his back. His dick was pointing up and much of it was in Kelli's mouth. I could not see but was willing to bet that Peter's head was between Kelli's legs.
I found Karla's spot again and kept working it. Karla started running her teeth very gently across my dickhead. That was incredible. I quickly thought I should ask Karla to teach Kelli how to do it. That thought was snuffed by the realization that I was about to shoot. I soon did. I kept working on Karla until I felt her body shudder. Not long after that, Karla kissed my balls and said, "Good job Will."
I got off Karla. She turned on her side. I lay down behind her with my dick rubbing her ass and my head on her shoulder. We watched Kelli and Peter. Having Peter's dick in her mouth meant that Peter caused the quietest Kelli Stouffer orgasm I ever experienced. It wasn't quiet, but there were no distinct words. I knew Kelli well enough that I recognized her orgasm when it happened. I wasn't that familiar with Peter but assumed that he came when he lifted his hips off the air mattress and Kelli gagged a little.
Once we all regained our breath and could stand up, we realigned so we were each beside our usual partner. No one said anything. I started wondering if we had all made some huge mistake. Finally, Kelli said, "That was fun."
"It was, wasn't it?" Karla said.
Peter added the obvious cliché, "variety is the spice of life." He paused before adding, "and Kelli gives fantastic head."
"She really does," I said, "but so does Karla."
"Will,' Karla said, "you're about as good at eating a girl as I've had."
"Will's had a lot of recent practice," Kelli said with a giggle. "Peter does pretty good too."
"So," Karla said, "we're all agreed that we enjoyed oral with the other person's partner and we'll do it again?"
All three of us answered "yes" in unison. That called for more wine.
We did not repeat our experiment in partner swapping that weekend. However, we became much freer with each other. We decided that it was ok for any of us to touch anyone else anywhere. The only, unspoken, restriction was that Peter and I never touched each other. Having Karla, in addition to Kelli, squeeze my dick or pat my ass at unexpected times was pleasant.
That Sunday, we hiked through the woods for a couple of hours nude save for shoes. Peter knew the park and, most of the time, kept us away from other people. The few people we encountered were mostly young and did not seem at all offended by our nudity. Of course, there is nothing at all offensive about Kelli and Karla in the nude.
That Sunday night, Kelli and Karla lay down on the air mattresses shoulder to shoulder. Peter and I were, literally, rubbing elbows as we each made love to our own girlfriend. While I was making love to Kelli and Peter was making love to Karla, it was very much the four of us together. I could see both women's faces, and each woman could see both of the men. All of us heard every sound any of us made. It was intimate and very sexy. In a sense, I suppose, all four of us became lovers.
When we all finished, Karla teased Kelli by saying, "Damn girl. You are sure loud when you come."
"What can I say?" Kelli replied. "Will's just that good." I do love Kelli.
We decided to spend a little more time by the lake on Labor Day before we left. We were all four in the water when another couple came out of the woods and dropped their things close to ours. They spread out a large beach towel. I was concerned that our nudity would be an issue when we got out of the water. That concern was allayed as I watched both members of the couple strip naked.
When we got out of the water, the other couple came over to us. The woman had a cute face and a great body with pronounced bikini tan lines. She seemed vaguely familiar. "Hi," she said. "You probably don't remember me. I'm the ranger who checked out your campsite Saturday. This is my boyfriend. Today's my day off. I've got to thank you for inspiring us to get out here with nothing on."
"Are you liking it?" Kelli asked.
"So far, it feels great," the ranger replied.
As she turned to walk away, Peter said, "Like I said Saturday, great ass."
The ranger turned around. Her front was pretty too. "I heard that," she said. "Thank you."
To my surprise, no one else was around this small arm of the lake even on Labor Day. The ranger and her boyfriend were soon being very attentive to each other. I did not blame him, the ranger looked very nice in the nude. We quietly picked up our stuff and left to give them a little privacy.
Most of the next few months were dominated by work for Kelli and me. We still did the third Saturday nights at Clarissa's sports club, and we were able to get together with Karla and Peter about once a week. Unfortunately, Robin and Brandt were usually working with fall sports teams when the rest of us had any free time.
Thanksgiving meant, of course, another trip to Kelli's parents' house outside Columbus. That was fine, I like Kelli's family. Thanksgiving was unremarkable, so long as you consider six people having a huge traditional Thanksgiving dinner in the nude unremarkable.
Kelli and I were also looking for an apartment. Both of our leases were running out and we wanted a place to live together. Karla and Peter were in the same position I learned from Kelli. She and Karla talked by phone at least once a day it seemed. Just after Thanksgiving, Karla called Kelli. She and Peter had found a nice house in a great neighborhood that was available for a two-year lease. The husband of the couple who owned it had been temporarily transferred to Singapore. Karla and Peter loved the house, but the rent and expenses were too high for just the two of them.
Kelli insisted that we meet with Karla, Peter, and the leasing agent to look at the house. It was a four-bedroom built approximately ten years ago in a new, upscale suburban development. What persuaded me was that the house had a small backyard that was below street level. Because the house sat at the end of a cul de sac, the nearest neighboring houses were, maybe, ten yards in front of this house, facing at right angles to it. Nothing but trees overlooked the backyard. That was important because the major feature of the yard was a decent size in ground swimming pool surrounded by a concrete deck. Just inside the house, taking up part of the basement, was a small sauna.
Kelli and I went over the costs of the house carefully: rent, utilities, pool maintenance, lawn care, everything we could think of. Divided four ways, it seemed affordable. The leasing agent told us that the landlord didn't care about renting to two unmarried couples so long as we stayed current on the rent and utilities and kept the house in good shape. Kelli and I agreed to join Karla and Peter in renting the house. Because the owners had already moved to Asia, we were allowed occupancy starting on Christmas although the lease term started January 1.
Kelli and I spent Christmas Eve and Christmas Day at her parents' home, joined by Karen and Rob. That was the first Christmas holiday I enjoyed in the nude. Around mid-day on Christmas Eve, I got the traditional call on my cell phone from Lisa, my sister in Germany. I had not seen Lisa for a few years, but we called each other at Christmas and on each other's birthdays. Lisa told me she was spending the holiday at a lodge in the mountains southeast of Munich with her boyfriend Kurt. I had not met Kurt. I told Lisa I was visiting Kelli's family. Lisa had not met Kelli. I neglected to tell Lisa that Kelli, her family, and I were all nude.
If you accepted the proposition, as I had, that it was normal to spend the Holiday with your girlfriend, her parents, and her sister and brother-in-law with no one wearing any clothes for two days; it was an almost normal Christmas. The one deviation came Christmas morning when the Stouffers opened gifts. Departing from what Kelli had told me was family practice, Karen announced that she had purchased gifts for everyone and wanted those opened first. We unwrapped the small packages she handed us and discovered that Karen had given everyone, including me, a butt plug.
Karen insisted that we all wear our plugs at least while the family opened gifts. I wasn't crazy about having a kind of bulb-shaped piece of metal shoved in my ass, but no one else objected so I went with the flow. Karen also insisted that she had to insert my plug. That process necessitated Karen handling my balls. Kelli watched her sister with amusement. When my plug was in, it felt better than I expected and was a little arousing.
Kelli said, "Will, I think you should insert Karen's plug." Karen was fine with that and bent forward in front of me. I spread some lube on the plug and some more in Karen's asshole. The plug went in easily. I did slide a finger into Karen's pussy to reciprocate for her fondling my balls.
I watched as Rob inserted Kelli's plug. Kelli had (and has) an exceptionally beautiful ass. The colored stone between her cheeks was very sexy. I guess it was an effect of the plugs, but Mr. Stouffer, Rob, and I were semi-hard throughout the gift exchange.
I had agonized over what to give Kelli. I finally followed Karla's advice and gave her some diamond jewelry that cost more than I truly had to spend on the project. The payoff was, however, well worth it. First was the look on Kelli's face when she opened her two packages from me. Second was the approving comments which the gifts elicited from Kelli's family, especially Mrs. Stouffer. The third, and best, payoff was that, after she'd opened her gifts and modeled them for everyone, Kelli took my hand and told her family, "excuse us. We need to go upstairs." Kelli led me from the living room up to her old room and we fucked like rabbits. Kelli didn't wear her new jewelry while we fucked, but we both wore our plugs. In keeping with Stouffer house rules, we left the bedroom door wide open.
Law practice and a lot of other businesses are slow in the week between Christmas and New Year's. That fact enabled Karla, Peter, Kelli, and me to be moved into our new leased house in time to host a small New Year's Eve party. Robin, Brandt, Clarissa, Rich, Pam, and Ed joined us. Our friends graciously ignored the boxes scattered around waiting to be unpacked. It was a cold night, but we kept the house warm enough that all ten of us were perfectly comfortable going nude. There was no actual sex during the party, but everyone was very friendly. Touching was encouraged. At midnight, we all stood nude around the TV with glasses of cheap champagne and watched the ball in Times Square. When it reached bottom, we all hugged and kissed someone other than our usual partner.
Clarissa, Rich, Pam, and Ed left not long after midnight. Robin, Brandt, Karla, Peter, Kelli, and I squeezed into the basement sauna. It was a tight fit, but we were all good friends. When the sauna got too hot for us, which didn't take long as tightly packed as we were, we'd take quick runs outside onto the pool deck. The very cold air felt good on our bare skin for a moment or two.
When we tired of the sauna, the six of us squeezed into the adjoining shower. We had drunk enough and felt playful enough to agree that we should all wash someone other than our own girlfriend or boyfriend. Brandt and Karla washed each other as did Kelli and Peter. I got the pleasure of washing and being washed by Robin.
When we were done showering, Peter, Brandt, and I were all hard. "Girls," Karla said, "it would be a shame to waste those hard-ons. Let's start the year right!" We followed Karla up to the second floor. She and Peter had the larger bed so the six of us got in it. I made love to Kelli, Brandt made love to Robin, and Peter made love to Karla, side-by-side-by side.
Sharing a bed with our friends while we were all having sex was a special experience. After everyone had come, I fell asleep on one edge of the bed with my arms around Kelli. When I awoke later that morning, Kelli was still in my arms. Raising my head slightly, I could see Robin, Brandt, Karla, and Peter in bed with us. I remember thinking, "this is the way to start a year. With Kelli as my lover and with these friends, it's going to be a great year."