I was really excited to hear from Rose. She moved to another state about 2 years ago to live with a boyfriend, but had become one of my best friends just prior to that. She was in a way my very best friend, as she'd become familiar with my very particular sexual history. Which is to say, I have been an avid masturbator of an uncommon sort. I have often chosen a lifestyle of masturbation, or what in some circles is called "solosexuality," over a lifestyle of being coupled with someone else. I often thought about being with Rose, but it never seemed like we were in sync. And truthfully, I was usually very happy for her when she'd found love with someone. But I had a special feeling for her because I'd shared so much of myself.
After a few years of friendship, I let the cat out of the bag and divulged my long history of spending many hours nude and aroused. It was among my favorite activities, and, when available, I'd stretch my arousal sessions over the course of a couple of days or more. I liked to think of it as a lifestyle, because it felt really comfortable being aroused and incorporating masturbation into my daily activities. One hot summer day, Rose was insistent about coming over and using the pool. I finally relented and revealed to her my plan to masturbate for the day. She was gracious and allowed me to do my thing while she hung out. I think she really did enjoy it, and it was a watershed event to have her share that with me. It never got weird, and I especially appreciated that. Hanging out together while I was aroused happened only a few times before she met "Bill" and moved out of town. Needless to say, I masturbated frequently to the memory of these special moments, aroused in her company.
"I can't wait to see you," I said, then ending the call. Our plan was lunch. It was a day off for me, so I'd planned to masturbate for the day, but seeing my old friend was so much more important.
We met and hugged, lingering for a bit. We ate great food and caught up, especially on the details of her breakup with Bill. She seemed a little sad, but it had been her decision. And she was thinking about a move back. Obviously I was happy about that. I caught her up on my sometimes busy work life.
"So, are you seeing anyone?" she asked, a little nervously actually.
I shook my head with a sheepish smile and said, "Nah, you know I saw that girl Jane for a little bit..."
"Yeah, I saw on social media. What happened?"
"Well, she just wasn't fully into it. Still stuck on someone else I think, but I also had my doubts."
"How long ago was that?"
"Like a year ago. It was nice while it was happening. But as you know, I find I can enjoy myself on my own pretty well," I said with an embarrassed grin.
She laughed. "Yes, well, I DO know, as a matter of fact." We were both beaming a little bit, with a nice awkwardness.
Fortunately we were out of earshot from the rest of the crowd when she asked the following question.
"So you're still doing your masturbation thing?"
"Yes, I am. It's been great."
"Still, like, a full day type of thing?"
"Yeah. In fact I was going to today until you called. And I'm glad you did!"
She giggled. "Oh well, I'm sorry to have interrupted that."
"You really didn't. I'm glad you're here."
"Have you been, you know, doing that thing with your cum." She was really sheepish now. What she was referring to was one of my rituals during masturbation of eating my semen. I had started doing it about 10 years ago during a particularly intense session. I was inspired to try it-after all, all of my girlfriends had eaten it. And that was hot. Why shouldn't that be a part of my sexual repertoire by myself? I was particularly intrigued with semen and food combinations, having become aware of porn, especially found in Japan, involving this theme. And being a foodie, it kind of made sense.
"Yes, not every time, but I have actually gotten much more into working on new dishes and presentations. I enjoy the build up to taking photos of them, and I belong to a group online that shares these photos."
"Wow. There are a lot of others doing that?"
"I doubt a lot, but you'd be surprised."
"Wow. You'll have to show me that sometime."
"I'd be glad to. What do you have planned for your visit?"
"Well I'm going out with Nikki tonight. I'm going to talk to a couple of people tomorrow about possible job options to see if it makes sense to move back."
"Where are you staying?" I asked.
"Well I might stay in a hotel. I was going to stay with Nikki, but her boyfriend is in town. They have a long distance relationship, don't ya know!" she said, giggling. It was a resonant topic, since her breakup with Bill had a little to do with having spent so much time apart.
"Well, you are certainly welcome to stay with me," I said, in earnest.
"Really? I mean I wouldn't want to impose. And, plus, I don't want to interrupt your...er...activities."
"Well, first of all, it wouldn't be an interruption. And, after all, you have seen it," I said as she giggled a little bit.
"But," I continued, "I can certainly forgo it if it makes you uncomfortable. In other words, you shouldn't let at least my masturbation activities affect your decision to stay, because I can totally do without while you're here. I'd want you to feel absolutely comfortable."
"Oh, no," Rose replied. "It doesn't make me uncomfortable at all. I just don't want to intrude and mess up your plans. I like that you have your thing to do. I'm very comfortable with it and think it's rather great actually."
"Well, thanks. That pleases me a lot. Anyway, I think it's settled. You need a place to stay, and it makes sense to stay with me. I'd love to have you around."
"So, are you dying to get home and start? I could use some coffee from the Ground Up next door."
"That sounds great, and no, I can wait. I love that place."
We spent more than an hour continuing our catch-up. I had to admit, she was looking really good. I was checking out her body as she walked away from our table. Inspiration, at the very least for my masturbation session coming up.
Rose had driven a rental car, so we drove separately to my house. I beat her home and neatened up a little bit. When I answered the door, she looked me up and down and said, "I half expected you to be nude already."
I snickered along with her.
"You know," she said, "Like the previous times I have come over..." She was referring to the few times she came to visit while I was having a masturbation session, during which I would casually answer the door nude and aroused. She was quite a sport and got used to it quite quickly and agreeably.
I showed Rose to her room and left while she unpacked. She came out and flopped on the couch.
"So I'm going to veg for a few minutes and then make some phone calls and check my emails. Something has changed here," she said, pointing to the interconnected large room that consisted of a kitchen and a living and dining area.
"This computer desk is new." I was myself checking emails. I didn't mention all of the new mirrors set up around the room so I could watch myself masturbate wherever I was. This was part of my repertoire and really increased my arousal during my sessions
Looking up from a fresh round of texting, she said, "So Nikki and I are going to go to yoga before dinner. I'll probably be back like 9 at the latest."
I tossed her an extra key and told her to hang onto it.
"So are you going to start?"
"You mean masturbating?" I asked.
She nodded yes.
"Yeah, in a few minutes."
"Ok, I'll be back in a while," she said, as she padded to her room.
I was actually nervous now. Just plain undressing and starting a masturbation session while she was there?! I had always been in the middle of one when she'd come to visit, so my arousal trumped any bashfulness. That said, I was certainly ready to start and quite aroused. I had those sort of butterflies I always get when I'm getting ready to make love to myself.
So I just went about my process. I actually took a shower quickly. I might not have normally but I was kind of hot and sticky, and I wanted to feel good while caressing myself. I changed into my usual masturbation outfit, consisting of a simple, form fitting. waist-length black T shirt. Rose was quite aware of my certain fetish for this get-up.
Now hard and quite aroused and nude from the waist down, I retired to my masturbation workstation. No Rose to be found, so I started reviewing some of the pictorials I was hoping to masturbate to. I had a very comfortable chair with a small bar stool adjacent so I could spread my legs wide and get a good vantage point in the mirror. I also switched on the camera I'd mounted near the mirror so I could have an image of myself available in case I wanted to share my session with any fellow masturbators online. There was a surprisingly cool community of men and women who enjoyed sharing their sessions online.
I applied my lubricant and kind of zoned out, caressing myself slowly. I started playing a lesbian video on my second monitor, with the sound off, just to add to the stimulation. I was sort of lost in it and had changed positions such that I was stroking my penis with my legs extended in front of me. I saw Rose out of the corner of my eye, and I was initially stricken with some anxiety, freezing briefly the overt stroking that was going on and stopping to just maintain contact between my fingers and my penis. Here I was, in fact doing what I had done before in front of her. But I suppose reintroducing her to my most personal and intense activity was just that significant.
She had changed into her yoga outfit and pulled up a chair next to me.
"How's it going?" she asked, animatedly. She seemed genuinely interested, which allayed my fears. I was lightly caressing my penis at this point, a bit absentmindedly. She was staring at the screens in front of me, evaluating.
"I can see you still like lesbians," she said, teasing a little.
"I absolutely do. I haven't masturbated to these pictures and this video before so I'm getting to know them and really enjoying it."
She glanced at my now glistening penis and raised her eyebrows slightly, indicating her comprehension.
"Do you want a drink? I'm parched," she asked, changing the subject.
"I can get it. What do you want?" I replied, wanting to be a good host. In point of fact-and she well knew this-I could masturbate just while walking around.
"No, don't be silly. Stay there. Enjoy," she said, getting up.
Rose came back from the kitchen with 2 iced teas. I had closed my legs, in fact crossed them, and was still stroking my penis with my right hand while I grabbed the glass from her with my left. I turned my attention to her as she sat next to me.
"So this all very interesting," I said, grinning as I took a sip. "I haven't masturbated in anyone's presence for a while."
"Really?" Rose was looking down at my hand lightly caressing my penis. "Sorry..." she said, having caught herself in her fascination.
"You shouldn't be sorry at all. I appreciate you looking. I want to share this with you."
"So when was the last time you did this?"
"I think maybe with you."
"Not with the ex?"
"Oh no, not at all. She knew about my masturbation ritual, but wasn't that into it. I think that was in part the basis for my doubts, you know? I mean, I am a masturbator as well as a lover, so this is an important part of who I am."
"And, by the way, I love your outfit," I said, referring to her form-fitting yoga pants and top.
"Really?" she asked, genuinely surprised.
"I love yoga outfits. I masturbate to women in yoga outfits pretty regularly. As well as other exercise outfits."
"Wow. I guess I get that," she said, trying to take it all in.
"And of course I think you have a great body."
"Really?"
I was gently caressing my penis while talking to her. So very casually.
"You didn't know? I mean I masturbated to you with your consent back way back when..." I was referring to the first time she'd ever seen me masturbate. She'd come over to use the pool, right after I'd let the cat out of the bag regarding my masturbation habits. Awkward as it might have seemed, she knew my arousal increased seeing her in her bathing suit, so she quite openly encouraged me to look at her while stroking myself.
"Yeah, but I thought that was just because I was in a swimsuit. And given you were already aroused..."
"Well, sure." I was more consistently stroking my penis at this point, which Rose noticed. "But it wasn't just because you were in a bathing suit. You have a great body. I notice that all the time. The yoga outfit just adds a layer of arousal, just like the suit. It's nice to see the shape of your body."
"Aw, well... thanks, I guess. That's really nice to hear."
"It's a big inspiration. I mean, I get a lot out of masturbating to all of these beautiful bodies on the internet, but up close and personal, well, that's the pinnacle."
"Well, I'm glad to be your inspiration," she said, beaming a little bit.
"And know that I don't like being a total pervert when it comes to admiring your body, so I try to be a little discreet."
"It's ok. I understand the urge. I think it's normal and healthy. And I really don't mind you looking."
She seemed genuinely happy to be there, sitting next to me, nude from the waist down and openly aroused and masturbating.
"I guess it's time to get going to meet Nikki. All of this talk has me a little bit aroused, I must say."
"Sorry," I said, half-joking. "I suppose it would be best if you don't have a big wet spot while you're doing Yoga."
"Well, and you know, sir, it might very well happen."
"Man, I would love to masturbate to that Yoga class."
"I bet," she said. Earnestly, "aren't there any videos online you could watch?"
"That's actually a great idea. I'll do that while you're gone. Thanks for the idea." I had brought my legs back up in an explicit, spread pose and was masturbating at full speed at this point.
I watched Rose return from getting her keys and purse. She waved goodbye, saying "I know you were looking at my butt."
I casually said, "You know it."
Three hours later, I was taking a break from my session, watching TV and checking emails. I heard Rose keying into the house and watched her come through the door. She was still in the Yoga outfit.
"So you didn't change after the class?"
"Nah, we just went to a local, casual place. How are YOU doing, fine sir?"
"Well, I am taking a break." I was just sitting casually on the couch, still nude from the waist down, but not erect.
She flopped down next to me and I put the laptop to the side.
"So you're not done?"
"No, planning to go for a while longer." I noticed a small grocery bag next to her. "What's that?"
"I," she said, with some ceremony, "brought ice cream. I thought you might want to make a special dessert with it." She was of course referring to putting my semen on it, which I had done before in her presence. Talk about a really intimate moment!
"Well, I already had some semen with dinner, but I can always do it again." It was arousing to have her suggest that I do that, with no judgement and even earnest interest.
"You don't have to. Just a thought."
"No, no I'd love to." My penis was erect now, so I got up to go put some lubricant on. I pointed to my desk and said "Just going to put some more lube on."
I noticed her watching my penis as I walked back to the couch.
"So did you find any yoga videos??" She asked.
"Yes I did! They were really inspiring. I almost came a couple of times. How was the class and dinner? How's Nikki?"
"She's good. I think she was dying to get home and be with her boyfriend. I'm thinking she was pretty horned up," She said quite matter-of-factly. "Not unlike myself, actually."
I was sitting, legs in front of me up on the coffee table, lightly stroking my penis at this point.
"Really? Still?"
"Well I haven't come in a while," she said, as if making a grand admission. "And, you know, you're masturbating in front of me," she said, smiling
"I know. Should I feel bad?" I asked, somewhat teasingly.
"Of course not."
"Maybe you should masturbate."
"I was thinking about that."
"You're of course welcome to do it here, but even if not, you should. You'd probably feel better."
The look on her face was one of distraction.
"Yeah, you're probably right."
"Well, mi casa es su casa. You should take care of yourself if you need to. We can have ice cream after." I said, grinning. It was kind of an understood joke that you feel a little hungry, especially for something sinful after having an orgasm.
"What are you going to do?"
"What I've been doing. I was hoping to make some videos of me masturbating. I am putting together a blog of my activities."
"Really? Like for everyone to see?"
"I'm not sure. It is set to private now. Might stay that way. I just like the ritual of putting down all of my thoughts and feelings while aroused. And also kind of documenting what it looks like. The camera is set up to be able to take pics and videos whenever I feel like it."
"Can I see?"
"Of course. It's a little scary sharing it, but of course." And then I thought: "Do you want to look at it while you masturbate?"
"Maybe I will." She looked a little shy.
"It's really none of my business anyway. I just want you to get relief and feel good."
I gave her the address in a text message and told her the password.
"I'll be back," she said.
"Take your time. No rush. Enjoy!"
She padded off to her room. I went back to my masturbation station, as I call it, and spread my legs wide, imagining her masturbating in her room for a minute, then shifting gears to some pictorials I'd been masturbating to earlier. I was really captivated by a certain model, so was carefully going through her pictures and focusing on my arousal while looking at her nude body.
I had just gone to the frig to get a drink, quite erect and continuing to stroke myself when Rose appeared. She appeared refreshed and a little flushed. She was now wearing some gray sweats and a tank top with no bra.
"Did you come?"
"Yeah. It was good. I read some of your blog. I had no idea some of the stuff you thought about when you do your thing."
"Yeah, I guess that was the purpose. It's an intense feeling to go that deep. There are communities now where people talk about the intense high you get and what it is you focus on when you are that aroused."
"I'm intrigued. I just did a garden variety cum," she said, laughing a bit.
"No matter. You feel better, right?"
She nodded yes.
"Well that is good."
"I was thinking about putting the yoga outfit on for your benefit, but I just wanted to slum it a bit," Rose said.
I laughed. "Well, I certainly appreciate you thinking of me and my arousal." I was actively masturbating my penis while sitting across from her at the corner of the couch.
"Are you going to come at some point?" It was about 945pm and I'd been masturbating on and off for about 7 hours.
"Yeah, probably soon. I'm getting a little tired. We could watch a movie."
"That would be cool."
We batted around some movie ideas and agreed on one.
"If I just keep masturbating during the movie, would that bother you?"
"No, not at all."
"I only think of it because the lead actress is someone I've thought I'd like to masturbate to."
"You should. I don't mind."
We dimmed the lights, got ice cream-which for the moment I decided not to put my semen on-and watched the movie. I remained hard for much of it, enjoying the casual, almost absent-minded sensuality of stroking my penis and caressing my legs. Rose would occasionally watch, and I'd catch her watching. And we'd smile.
At one point, I stopped and eventually became flaccid. And then the movie ended. Rose got up and turned the lights on.
"Have you lost interest?" She asked, noting my lack of erection.
"No, was just taking a rest. I kind of try to go with it. I'm still aroused."
"Really?"
"Yeah, you know how like if you are horny, but you're not necessarily hard, or, I guess in your case, you could be horny but not be wet yet? It's like that."
"Ah right. So you're planning to restart?"
"Yeah. But I think it's time to get some more ice cream!"
She giggled, a little wide-eyed. "Absolutely."
I was already up and refilling our bowls and Rose joined me in the kitchen area.
"So do you think you'll come tonight?"
"Yeah, probably. Sometimes, when I'm prolonging the arousal into a second or third day of masturbating, I'll hold off on coming."
"I can't imagine how you do that."
"I suppose I've trained myself. I guess to the point that it's tough to come inside someone."
"Really? Is it?" she asked, a little concerned.
"Yeah. It bums me out sometimes, but I don't have a lot of partners. And I had this masturbation coach who helped me understand I'd trained myself essentially not to come. Which isn't to say it's not pleasurable. On the contrary. It's totally awesome not coming. The arousal is intense. Either alone or with someone else. So I suffer from the fear that someone won't want to be with me since I might not be able to come in her."
"Aw, well I don't think it's the biggest deal."
"Well, I appreciate that, but you'd have to be going through it to know. I know it bothered some of my partners. And then it gives them more fuel in criticizing my masturbation practice."
"Well, I think the masturbation practice is beautiful. It's an inspiration, really, to know how aroused you can be and how much you love to be in a sensual situation."
I was hard again, just standing in the kitchen with her, eating ice cream from my bowl.
"Are you going to come soon?"
"I guess. It is late a bit."
"I think the ice cream is distracting you from the real work of stroking yourself."
"I think you're absolutely right." I put down my spoon and started caressing my penis lightly. It was quite hard, emboldened even by the strong support I was receiving from Rose for my masturbation.
"You've been really hard all day, every time I've watched you. Maybe even more than the previous times."
"I guess, it's probably a particularly intense thing to know you're staying here, privy to me doing this," I said.
"And then," I continued, "when you went away to masturbate, that was pretty remarkable."
"Did that really turn you on?" she asked.
"It did. Amazing. I loved thinking of you doing it, but also felt a little guilty perving on you like that."
"Oh don't. I like that it turns you on. Your arousal seems really natural and unforced. It's nice."
I knew I was once again at the edge, especially in hearing such support for my arousal.
"I think I am ready to come."
"Do it right here," she said softly.
I wasn't stroking really that hard, but it just came out. Wide scatters of semen were ejected around me, not unlike a typical ejaculation after making love to myself for so many hours. I was so, of course, in the moment that I didn't notice that some of my semen flew onto Rose's thigh.
I was horrified. "Oh no... Sorry about that."
She was smiling rather angelically. "Oh it's nothing. I don't mind. That was amazing. Holy crap."
And then she added, "you know, if you think about it, I haven't seen you come that many times, since you've mostly been masturbating in my presence, but never pushing to completion. It was great."
I was holding myself up, semen on my hand and thighs and feet.
"Well I guess by doing it standing up, I don't need to wash this shirt immediately. Do you want me to wash your sweats?"
"I'll do it. It's not a big deal, like I said. You must feel great."
"Well, of course, but I was already feeling great."
As she walked away, toward the laundry room, she said, "yeah I guess I'm not totally getting that. I still associate the orgasm with the main source of pleasure."
I was wiping up whatever semen I could find. "Yeah," I said, it's I guess pretty different to be an edger like myself. There are more and more of us. When you think about it, even the girls who cam online for money have become edgers because they withhold their orgasms and new kinds of stimulation for different levels of tips."
Rose came back into the room, wearing only her tank top and panties.
"Wow," I said, startled.
"Well look," she said. "I guess we are kind of past modesty here. I put the rest of the laundry in that was in the bag, by the way."
I could hear the washer filling up.
"This has been an amazing day."
"Yeah it sure has. I'm really glad to see you," Rose said. "I'm going to hit the hay. I'll see you in the am?"
"Absolutely," I said, standing there, nude, sticky and now becoming a little less limp upon seeing her in her underwear, as she walked back to her room.