Madison maneuvered her car into the lot at the park & ride near the highway. It had been just a few minutes since she had left the school.
"Worse interview ever," she muttered to herself. "I had been so good - what happened?" It was a rhetorical question. She knew exactly what happened. The minute the superintendent and principal started talking about the videos she posted, she felt herself starting to get turned on. She was crying, yet horny, and the more they kept going, the worse it got. She couldn't help herself. "I should have masturbated and relieved myself before I started that interview," she thought. Who was she kidding? Not touching herself was going to make her more desperate for humiliation, not more sickened by it.
"Maybe I just need to fuck every day," she thought. "Like - if I got some regular dick, I wouldn't be desperately horny. And then I wouldn't do the crazy shit I do." She laughed, as if more sex was really the answer to her problems. "Maybe I really am a sex addict," she mused. "Ohhhh god I need help!"
She sat in her car, just trying to calm herself down, replaying the events of the interview. "I can't believe I went wild like that. Just lost it completely. Did all the things I swore I would not do. I wrote on myself and showed them. Plugged my ass and showed them. Showed my pussy. My clamped nipples. Tied my shirt - what was I thinking? That's not going to help at a school! Fuck, maybe I should just get a corporate job, or an office job at a small business where I could basically be the office slut and they just keep me around to keep the guys satisfied." It was horrid, really, the way she was given to objectify herself.
But as she thought about it, she got more turned on. "Why even bring the plug and the clamps and all that if you don't intend to use them?" She wondered to herself. "You know what you were doing, you slut!" As she sat there, she realized she hadn't even bothered to take any of it off. Or out. Her nipples were still clamped, her pussy still squeezed by clothespins, her ass still plugged. She was such a mess she had barely noticed.
"I guess I could take these off," she said softly, referring to the clothespins. She looked around. There were cars around, but she didn't see anyone. "Must be at work," she thought. After all, it was a park & ride during the late morning. She slowly hiked up her skirt, revealing her soft, swollen pussy. Grazing herself unintentionally, she let out a soft moan.
"Ohhh, I really shouldn't go this long, I get so desperate!" She whispered. "I could - I could leave these on - I could force myself to suffer. I - I think I'd like that," she whispered.
It was already over and she knew it. She didn't have a choice. Too horny to stop herself, she was going to have to do it, to masturbate, right here in her car.
Madison hiked her skirt up until her bare pussy was fully exposed. She looked like a tramp. Oh, how she longed to be here, tied, helpless, on display! She lifted her legs up, resting her ankles on the steering wheel. Her plugged ass almost came into view, and she ran her fingers over the protruding knob, moaning softly.
"Ohhhh fuck," she moaned. "I'm fucked. I'm so ruined. And I don't think I even care anymore! I should just go repost all my videos and say fuck it, my life is over, I'm an exposed slut forever," she moaned to herself.
Madison reached for her phone. "I'm going to regret this someday," she said as she started recording. She had an idea - she grabbed an arm band out of her tote, the kind used to strap a phone to one's arm during a workout - and strapped her phone to the visor, manipulating it so that everything from the headrest to the steering wheel was in view.
"I'm going to really regret this," she started. Her pussy was in full view. She started unbuttoning her shirt as she spoke to the camera. "I just went for an interview. It was - like - the most humiliating thing ever. The interviewers at the school - of course they had seen all my pictures, all my videos. Everything. And they called me out and told me how nasty and disgusting I am and did like, a - play by play of everything I have done on video. Ugh!"
Reaching for her shirt, she pulled it open, exposing her clamped nipples. "So, like - I couldn't take it anymore. I cried profusely. Over and over. I had tried so hard to be a good girl, but I just - I just can't! It's not in me anymore. I think that part of me is dead. I just - I just don't know what's wrong with me! I tried, I really tried. I've been working so hard to wipe my videos off the internet. But I completely lost control, they're out there, probably forever."
"And in the middle of all this, I go to the bathroom to get a tissue, and I see myself, in this nice professional outfit, pretending to be an upstanding young woman, and I just - I was so uncomfortable. It's not me. Or, it's not me - anymore. I just lost it. I clamped my nipples, I plugged my ass, I wrote slut on myself, put clothespins on my pussy and I tied my shirt to show my stomach and I - I went back out to the interview and stopped pretending."
Madison caressed her breasts as she spoke. Her nipples were clamped and fully erect. She swallowed, her heart pounding, as she became more aroused. "And then I - I basically went out there, raised up my arms so they could see this," she said, pointing at the word "slut" on her upper stomach. "And I told them what I was and told them I liked posting all my videos and I wanted to be ruined and humiliated. I told them they pushed me. By bringing all of it back up. And then I showed them my stupid slut pussy, my tits, my ass."
"And then they kicked me out and I came here," she said. Madison began to stroke her pussy in between the clothespins as she spoke. "To a park and ride. To calm down. But I'm not calm. I'm horny as fuck. I haven't cum in two weeks and I'm desperate!"
"So now I'm going to probably post this and take back everything I said! Godddd I know I shouldn't! I know what it feels like to be ruined! To be humiliated for being shown off, exposed everywhere! To be too - too famous, too exposed, too untouchable by normal society. I know after the past 2 weeks that it's so, so hard to clean up your online image. And I feel like I'm getting somewhere, I got like - half of it removed!"
"But then the urges rush back! I'm desperate, sitting here - ohhhh, edging my stupid slut cunt and wanting it to all come back and be a hundred times worse! And I know - I know precisely how bad it's going to be! I'm so close to graduating, for good, I need a job so bad. And I don't even care. I don't care and I'm just - I'm so ready to throw it all away to please my stupid greedy cunt!"
"Ohhhh, fuck yeah, my greedy little cunt wants it!" She moaned as she stroked herself. "Im so stupid for doing this, ohhhh! I don't even care anymore, I - I can't stop. I won't stop!" Madison leaned forward and I'm strapped her heels - and then promptly used the straps to fasten her ankles to the steering wheel, her knees pointed out and her cunt exposed.
"I want to be everywhere. Put me in the news! Put me all over, like - find my social media and just - and just expose me, tag me, ruin me! Make Madison Holt a household name! Make it so everybody knows who I am and what I do and what I am good for! Ohhhh, so nobody ever forgets Madison Kendall Holt! Bucking her hips, she greedily stroked her pussy.
"Ohhhh God I'm desperate for this! I know I'm going to regret it - I just - ohhhh I don't care! I really am disgusting! I want to do it to myself! I want to be ruined! I want to be wrecked and destroyed! I want to finish off good girl Madison forever! I want you to help me so she can never come back, so it's just nasty filthy Webslut Madison from now on!"
"Ohhhh, that's it, guys! Help me, push me, help me get ruined! Make me cry when I regret it, make good girl Madison cry, make her cry when I have to admit all this to my family! But you now what? I want to cry. I want to be disrespected. I want the ultimate abuse. You get off to it too. Help a cunt do it!"
Suddenly, as Madison bucked her hips, her knee hit the button on the door to roll down the window. "See?" She said, laughing. "This is the universe telling me it's what I was made for. If I didn't want to be exposed, I wouldn't be masturbating with my ankles tied in a seedy parking lot." She waited until the window was fully down. "I'm Madison Holt!" She practically screamed. "I'm a slut! I want everyone to know I'm exposing myself!" She turned back and laughed nervously, shrugging her shoulders, before she rolled down the passenger side window - this time, on purpose. Leaning her seat back to get more comfortable, she removed the clothespins from her labia and put them back on, moaning. She pulled her arms out of her shirt, lying on it on the driver seat, and she was down to a cupless bra, heels, and her hiked-up skirt.
"I don't know why I want this," she said again, taking a break. "I bring myself to the edge, I'm so horny, I deny myself an orgasm - I guess it feels too good - and then I do something even wilder. Like - I could get so busted right now. Cops hang out in these parking lots all the time. And the worst part is, right now I'm so turned on I don't even care. I'm - like, come find me. Fuck it, I hope I do get caught. It literally doesn't matter. I'm so horny that I don't care what happens tomorrow. Or an hour from now. I just need my dirty little slut cunt exposed and my worthless fucking life ruined."
"Why do I want it. God I'm such a stupid horny mess! I'm - ohhhh, I'm literally locking myself out of a normal life and a job right now and I don't even caaaaare!"
I love exposing myself with my name, ohhhhh yes! I love giving out my personal details! I'll - I'll post a picture later with a list of my real socials! Ohhhh, want my address guys?! You already know my name!"
"Ohhh fuck! Don't hold back. I want to feel it all! I want to fucking cry in shame! I want to struggle, to try over and over to be good, just to wreck my reputation more and more every time I fail!"
"Ohhhh fuck and it finally happened! Ohhhh god, thank you! Thank you so much to all of you who did this to me! See what you've turned me into! A depraved horny slut, ohhhh! Now I'm fingering myself in my car where anyone could watch! Anyone could listen! Anyone could catch me!"
Madison reached for a headband she kept in her bag, and a set of ear buds. She put the ear buds in and turned some music on low, and put the head band around her head and over her eyes. "There," she said. "Now I'll never know if anyone is watching."
"Ohhhh fuck! It finally happened," she moaned as she stroked her clit. "It finally happened - I finally got what I wanted, ohhhh god, I'm so ruined! I went to an interview, and they knew all about me! Ohhhh fuck I'm so happy! I wanted this for so long, to be a true Webslut, to be sooo, soooo ruined and destroyed!"
"Thank you all," she moaned seductively. "Thank you for making my reputation garbage. Thank you for making it so you just google my name and find out I'm a huge exposed slut! Ohhhhh yesssss! I've wanted this so bad, so long, and I finally got it! I'm Madison Holt and I'm - I'm - im Madison Holt!
"Madison Holt! That's my real name! I love you knowing my name! I don't know yours but that's the way I like it! That's the way I need it! I crave it! Ohhhhh yessss guys! I'm exposed all over, ohhhh yessss, and all my details are out there!"
"Fuck yesss! You know what I did today?" She was really getting into it now. Getting louder, she fingered herself hard. "I went to a fucking interview! To be a teacher! And they told me they'd never hire a slut like me! Ohhhhh it felt so good to hear them talk that way about me!"
"Ohhh yesss! I'm fucked up! I'm a fucked up little pathetic cunt! Because it felt so good to my slut pussy to hear those guys tell me they knew I'm exposed! Ohhhhh yesss and they knew I begged for it! Knew I wanted it! Knew I ruined myself! You know what they told me?! They told me I need help! Ohhhhh fuck it made me so horny!"
"Yesss! They said they watched me get fucked by six strangers! Watched me suck off a grandpa! Watched me beg for my life to be ruined! And you know - ohhh yes, this dumb slut loved every second! You hear that?! I LOVED IT, ohhhh GODDDD it's what I've ALWAYS WANTED and I can't wait till it HAPPENS AGAIN!"
"Ohhhhh yes, I did it, I got it, I ruined myself. I destroyed my future, and I literally couldn't be happier. God, mom and dad are going to hate hearing that but it's SO FUCKING TRUE!"
Madison had been fingering herself furiously, but she suddenly stopped and licked her fingers. She was shaking, breathing heavily. "I - I need to cum. I want to cum. But I can't yet. I mean I'm so horny but - whew! I know this is getting worse if I make myself wait. I'm going to do it in a few minutes, don't worry, I just - this orgasm is going to be too good. I'm going to build up to it a few times before I let myself have it."
Madison laid on her back in her car for a moment, collecting herself. She breathed in and out, playing with her still-clamped nipples, teasing them gently.
"Okay, okay. I'm such a slut. Who likes this? Who's this happy about not getting a job? About being completely - like - totally worthless except as a slut? Like - I was serious about it happening again too. Only next time I'm not going to try to be professional about it. I'm going to like - I'll go in wearing a half shirt and a mini skirt and - Ohhhh, yes! I'm going to go in there with my slut ass plugged. From the start, not sneaking off to the bathroom halfway through. My slut ass plugged and my nipples clamped and - ohhhh, I'm going to write all over myself. I'm going to go in there and take it off and ask them why they bothered bringing a dumb whore like me in to interview in the first place!"
Madison was stroking her pussy again. She pulled on the clothespins, stretching out her labia, moaning. She flicked them, moaning, until she grabbed them and ripped them off. "Ohhhhh fuck yeah!" She cried out in a mix of pain and pleasure. She slowly massaged her clit, until it enlarged and she could slide one of the clothespins onto it, clamping it down.
"Oooohhhh yessss!" She hissed. "You know - the longer I stay here exposed, teasing myself - the more likely I am to get an audience, to be noticed - or to get caught! Ohhhhh just think. There could be people standing all around and I'd have no idea!"
Madison started fingering her wet, swollen pussy again. It made sloppy wet squishing noises as she thrust her fingers in and out. And as she thrust her fingers in and out, she started thinking back to her interview again.
"Ohhhh fuck, it happened! It really happened! Ohhhh I finally got ruined for real! I finally - ohhhh I have to live with it! Yesss, live with the consequences! And what I've done to myself, ohhhh, what I've turned into!"
"Ohhh fuck yes! It was so degrading, they told me all about watching my little videos and - how I got fucked by six strangers! Yessss and I sucked off a man three times my age! And how I call myself a slut, like - like a hundred times! Ohhhhh they told me I was asking for it, that - yessss! I begged to be exposed and have my life ruined and - ohhhh fuck! Begged to be slapped - and hurt!"
"Fuck, I came out of that bathroom and I admitted it! Ohhhhh all of it! And begged for it and told them I really am a slut! I fucking told them I get off on it! And then I - then I threw myself at them - ohhhh I teased and tried to get them to just - to fuck me! Ohhhhh god I'm so exposed and ruined and I LOVE IT! I want to to keep getting worse! I want it bad! I want everybody - people on the street, ohhhh! My friends! My parents! To look at me and see my skimpy outfits and my writing and my videos and never see me as anything but a dumb sluuuuut!"
"Ohhhhhhh god that was close," Madison moaned as she removed her fingers from her pussy again. "Oh fuck I'm shaking," she laughed again. "I wonder if anybody's watching this. They'd be getting a real show. And a story! Fuck, guys are probably standing out there recording me and taking pictures. Go ahead! Take as many as you want! I'm posting this online anyway! I'm Madison Holt! Webslut Madison! From right here in Naperville!"
She slowly started to finger herself again. "Mmmmm," she moaned. "Thank you for making my life a ruined mess," she said seductively. "Now keep posting me all over the internet! Ohhhh on every website! My real name and everything. If it doesn't say Madison Holt it doesn't count. Because then it doesn't help me get ruined! Like - ohhhhh like - I want my real name on all of it! Goddddd I got so horny when I realized all you have to do is google me and - and all my nasty videos pop up! But I need your help to - ohhhh to make it worse!"
"I don't even know how to make it worse but I need it! I need to be even more ruined! And exposed! Ohhhhh just thinking about it makes me so fucking wet!"
"Ohhhh I had my Instagram hijacked - like, slutty shit posted all over it! All my class found out alllll about me! Ohhhh they all know! They all know I'm an exposed slut and I WANTED THIS! And I did it TO MYSELF! Ohhhhhh fuck! Fuck! Expose me more! Expose me worse! Expose me everywhere! Ohhhhh fuck yessss, just ruin me! Ruin me good, ruin me forever and no matter how much I beg and plead don't ever stooooop!"
"Ohhhh should I let myself have it? Huh? Should I let myself cum?" Madison yanked her hands out of her pussy, smearing them all over her face, licking them, turning her face into a wet mess. "Ohhhhh not yet. Not yet. This is too good. I need a finale. I need to - to really get into it, to really degrade myself this time. Okay? Whew! Going to calm down for a minute here, just let myself relax, all tied to the steering wheel." She chuckled softly.
"Okay. This is going to be in the moment. Living out my own ruination. I'm going to focus on the fact that I'm ruined for good and I can't believe it finally happened but I did it! I got what I wanted. Finally! And I don't know where I go from here, like - I don't know - and I'm so horny I just don't care!
"Ohhhh, that's it," she said, sliding three fingers into her pussy. "Mmmmm, here we go."
"Ohhhh I realized today how ruined my life is. I went to an interview and I'm so fucked! Ohhhh I'm never going to get a job! Mmmmm yessss I've been begging for this - ohhhh I thought maybe it was a fantasy but noooo it's all real!!! Ohhhh yes and I - and I actually - yesss I LOVE IT! I CRAVE IT! I WANT MORE! OHHHH!"
"Find my socials, just take them over and use them and change my passwords and completely ruin me and post nasty shit! Ohhhhh yes! I'm ruined! I'm fucked! I'm so beyond hope it's disgusting and I WANTED THIS! I didn't get hacked! I didn't get forced into this! I'm a DIRTY SLUT and I wanted it!"
"Ohhhhh thank you! Ohhh I'll do anything for the guys that ruined me! Ohhhh it's so REAL! My REAL LIFE is DESTROYED! Ohhhh my fucking horny cunt couldn't say no and it - YESSS IT FEELS SO GOOD TO BE A RUINED! WRECKED! SLUT! Ohhhh I have nothing left! I THREW EVERYTHING AWAY and I'm so fucking happy I did! My reputation is GARBAGE! My whole school knows, ohhhhhh goddddd, YESSSS! OHHHH IT'S SO REAL!" Tears streamed down her face all of the sudden. Shame came over her and she began to wail.
"AWWW WHYYY?!?! WHY DID I DO THIS?! WHY DID I FLUSH MY LIFE DOWN THE TOILET?!" She wailed. "OHHHH YESSS IT HAPPENED and it's never going to STOP! Ohhhhh yessss! OHHH! I'M FINALLY THE SLUT I WANT TO BE! I'M LOSING EVERYTHING! OHHH JUST like I WANTED! I'M TEARING MYSELF APART! OHHH YESSSS!"
"Ohhhh! I should just sit here all day and edge my poor, worthless, aching, desperate cunt over and over to that thought!" She teased as she slowed herself, barely touching herself, her heart still pounding, her body writhing, begging for release. "Just sit here until somebody shows up and finishes me off."
"Or maybe - maybe I should be permanently not allowed - allowed to cum, ohhhhh that would be so hot, to keep exposing myself, yesss! Become more and more desperate, I'd do anything! Anything - be exposed and ruined daily - hoping it leads to the release I need and - and to the best orgasm ever. That's all I want! And then it never comes, ohhhh!"
"Do you like knowing my life is totally ruined forever?" She implored of her eventual viewers. "Do you want to see me make it even better? Ohhhh yessss, I do too!" She thrust three fingers back in her pussy for a moment but then had another idea.
Madison pulled the plug out of her ass, moaning. She brought it to her lips, gently caressing it with her tongue before taking the whole thing in her mouth. She swirled her tongue over it, pushing it deep inside, before removing it. "Mmmmm, I love tasting my own ass," she said, smiling, before pushing it back up her ass.
"Mmmm, do you like watching me be a dirty little ass to mouth whore? Huh?" She asked seductively. "Do you get off on watching me ruin myself as much as I get off on doing it? Do you like knowing that I'll never get a good job? Like watching me sink further and further? Ohhhhh, well guess what? I just LOVE doing it for you!"
"Do you like knowing that my real name is Madison Holt? That's my real name! The one I was born with and the only one I have and - ohhhhh and I've completely trashed it! I've trashed my name and destroyed my reputation and exposed my body and I'm sooooo fucking thrilled! Yesssss I need it! It's what I was born for!"
"Don't you just love - ohhhh knowing my real name is Madison Holt! Ohhhh yes! Any one of you perverts could find me - figure out where I live - jump me one day when I leave my apartment and just use me! Or find my real socials, post nasty shit on them! Add my friends, message them, make sure they know how exposed I am and that I wanted it! I loooove knowing that someone could do that to me! Or find my parents and tell them! Ohhhhh I think that has to be next, don't you?"
Suddenly, Madison felt hands on her body. The hand began under her left breast, grazing her skin. She realized she was being felt up by a stranger, but she was too aroused to try to stop them. She had been teetering on the edge of orgasm for nearly a half hour, and she was desperate.
"Ohhhhh-ohhhh YES!" She cried out. "Ohhhhh I'm getting felt up - I'm blindfolded in my car getting felt up by a stranger and it feels -ohhhh yes it feels soooo good!"
The hand then turned into two hands, and Madison was too aroused to do anything except arch her back, allowing the unknown stranger - or strangers? To access her body. She moaned softly, and she continued to pleasure herself. She knew she couldn't contain an orgasm now, it was just too erotic.
"Ohhhh yes, feel me up! Grope me! Oh my god this is so hot! Ohhhhh I don't know your name but I'm Madison Holt and I want the world to know I'm a SLUT!" "Mmmhmmm!" Madison moaned as the hands squeezed her breasts, pinching her clamped nipples.
The hands caressed her, from her breasts, down her midriff, to her navel. Madison archer her back and cooed. "Mmmhmmm, oh, I think -ohhhh I think he's going to finger me! Ohhhh that would be soooo good, sooo hot!"
As if on command, the hands toyed with her, gently caressing, every inch of skin they touched send shock waves through Madison's body. She was putty in the strange hands that groped her. "Ohhhhh fuck yes! Yes! Keep going!" Madison moaned loudly as a finger probed the depths of her navel. "Ohhhh my - ohhhh yes!" Something about her deep innie being fingered sent a wave of arousal through her, and she removed her fingers from her pussy, placing her hands over her head and arching her back, writhing, moving her body up toward the touch that came from above.
He slowly, delicately flicked the clothespin attached to her clit. "OHH!" Madison cried out. "Ohhhh don't stop, finish me off!" She begged. "Ohhhh put your fingers in me - I need it - ohhhh I NEED TO CUM!"
Two fingers slipped easily into her pussy. "Ohhhhhhh yes that's what I need! Ohhhh fuck give it to me! Ohhhh I love getting fingered by strangers, ohhh like this, oooooohhh yeah! I'm such a slut I just can't stop!"
Then the unseen stranger removed his hand from her wet, throbbing cunt. He grabbed her wrists, which she had held submissively, instinctually above her head. She shrieked and tried to lurch forward but it was too late - her ankles were restrained and the strange hands overpowered her. Later, she would watch the video to find that she was restrained using a tow rope - her hands were pulled behind the headrest and tied there. She was blindfolded, deafened, and without the use of her hands or feet.
"OHHH! FUCK!" She cried out! "WHAT DO YOU WANT?!?! WHAT ARE YOU DOING TO ME?!?! She felt a finger touch her lips as if to tell her to be quiet. "Ohhhh please please!" She didn't know whether he was helping her in her erotic pursuit or if she was about to be kidnapped.
She felt a harsh slap across her cheek. She lunged against the makeshift restraints, but it was no use. "Mmm!" She moaned, against her own interest? As she was slapped again. "Fuck!" She thought. Her head was sending off alarm bells, that something bad was about to unfold. Her throbbing, desperate pussy, however, was telling her to give in - that despite the apparent risk, she needed this - and the predicament she was in only strengthened that urge.
The strange hand then left her face, trailing down her neck, past her breasts, down her stomach. She stifled a moan - could it be - could it be that she wanted this?!
"Mmmmm yes!" She whined as she felt three fingers inside her wet cunt. "Ohhh god I'm so wet and desperate!" She moaned. Suddenly he pulled his fingers out and slapped her cunt hard.
"OHHH, YESS! She shrieked.
"Somebody likes being restrained and hurt," someone commented. It wasn't until she watched the video later that she realized it wasn't the person touching her.
"Yeah, fucking dirty slut." Someone else commented. Of course, she heard none of this.
Suddenly she felt a blast of air. Her skirt was gone. Ripped out from under her. She didn't know how or where it went. "Did he fucking cut it off?" She wondered.
Madison arched her back again, accepting her fate, bending at the knees and opening her legs more, offering her pussy to the phantom stranger who touched her. "Ooohhh! Owwww!" She cried out as she was slapped again. "Ohhhh yesss!" She felt three slaps to her pussy in rapid succession, then bit her lip, waiting for whatever came next.
Feeling three fingers enter her pussy, she bucked her hips, greedily accepting them. "Ohhhhh yessss I'm - ohhhh in getting fingered by a - ohhhh! In my car and I'm all tied up and I don't even know who's doing it! Ohhhh yessss I can't even see - see them - ohhhh yes, and I love it! Ohhhh I'm such a dirty little slut for you! Ohhhh yes! Keep going! Ohhhh keep going! Ohhhh come on, make me cum, I'm going to -"
Suddenly the fingers were removed from her pussy again. Madison writhed, begging, pleading for him to touch her again. "Ohhh, please, please l - don't stop - I need it, ohhhh please, put something in my fucking pussy! Fingers, your cock, bare, I don't care!"
The fingers found their way to their face and soon Madison was greedily licking, slurping her juices from them. The juices mixed with her saliva and were spread all over her face. "Mmmph!" She uttered in surprise as her cheek was slapped with no warning.
"The bitch said she never wanted to cum again. But we better offer her some positive reinforcement so she comes back." The voice in the video said.
"Ohhhhh yesssss!" Madison felt four fingers this time, stretching her open. A hand slid around her throat and squeezed. "Ohhh! Ohhh! Oofff! Yes! Don't! Stop!" She screamed, but her screams were muffled by the lack of airflow. She gasped for air. "OHHHH! MY! GODDD! YEESSSS!" She barely got the words out in her condition. A zillion thoughts raced through her mind, but she could not identify and hold onto even one. She writhed and bucked wildly. "I'M A SLUT!" She managed after he next breath. The combination of choking and her insanely aroused state left her very short of breath. She knew she was about to pass out, she didn't care, she didn't care...
The hand suddenly released her throat and a huge orgasm hit her body like a tsunami as she teetered on the edge of consciousness, her eyes half- open, her mind disconnected as if she were experiencing the scene through the phone camera and not through her own senses. "GOD! YES! OHHHH YESSS!" She shrieked as the fingers plowed into her. They were whisked away just long enough to slap the clothespin off her clit, then they hit home again, thrusting deep into her cunt. "AAAHHH! OHHH!" She cried. Another orgasm. "OHHH, OHHHH, OH, DON'T STOP, DON'T STOP!" Her whole body convulsed. She struggled against her restrains, but they held fast. Somehow that seemed to add something to her enjoyment.
The hand slowly slipped out of her pussy. She didn't know if she was alone or not. She sat there silently for a moment, letting the aftershocks of her orgasms bring her to a cloud somewhere in the sky.
"Ohhhh God I can't believe that just happened!" She said to the camera. "Ohhh! I tied my ankles and put on a blindfold and earbuds - and rolled the windows down. Man! I knew maybe someone would watch, I had no idea this would even - you know - someone would show up and get me all horny and then tie me up and finger me to orgasm - God that was the hottest thing ever! Well - except / you know."
"But - did they just leave?! Shit, I -" she pulled on the rope holding her hands steady, but it did not budge. "Shit, at least cum on a girl before you leave her tied up in her car for the next guy!" She laughed nervously, but she wasn't really kidding. "Fuck, how am I going to get out of this -"
All of the sudden, thick ropes of cum shot across her face. "Mmmm!" Madison squeaked in delight, smiling. "Now like - can you feed it to me?" She asked. "I'm starving! I haven't eaten all day!" She laughed again. "Shit, this could end really badly," she reminded herself. It was almost as if she had grown to trust her captors - like she felt more comfortable now that he - she - they - had given her pleasure.
As requested, a hand scooped up the cum covering her face and let her have a taste, and she greedily swallowed and licked it clean, moaning. It scooped up the cum from her other cheek. She smiled happily.
Then Madison felt a warm, wet hand touching her pussy. Instantly she knew what was happening. He was scooping fresh cum from her body and pushing it up, into her cunt!
Immediately Madison's hormones began to rage again. "Ohhhhh - are you - ohhhhhh fuck yes! FUCK! YES! Ohhhhh I'm getting strange random cum shoved in my cunt! Ohhhhh I can't even see the - ohhhh I don't know who you are! Your name! What you look like! Ohhhhhh GOD this is perfect! YESS! Put it in me, please! All the way up there, OHHH I want it! YES! YES! YESSSS!"
She felt a hand hook inside her mouth as she came, her face pulled toward the driver side window as another cock shot cum at her. This time it was aimed squarely inside her mouth, and it did not miss.
She could barely moan as her mouth was filled up as she came. She shook violently, straining her neck to catch the cum she knew she craved. She held her mouth open until he was finished, and when she felt a hand on her chin, pushing up, she closed her mouth and swallowed. "Thank you," she muttered.
For several long moments Madison heard nothing. She felt nothing.
"That's how you use a tied up Madison Holt!" She said. "Are there more?" She was stating to get concerned. "Guys? You just - you tie me up like this and just leave me? Hello?!"
"Hello? Guys?!" She called, not knowing if they were still there if had left her to whatever fate she may suffer. The
"Shit!" She thought. "Now I'm not just blindfolded - I'm tied up, exposed, helpless - my skirt is gone and SLUT is written on my body. I could get arrested for this! Or kidnapped!" It was a little strange that being raped wasn't one of her concerns, given her presentation and her situation. But then again, she had just been fingered by an unseen stranger, had cum pushed into her, swallowed, and loved every second.
"Anyone there? Please? Don't - don't just leave me here - like this - come on, this isn't funny!"she crooned her neck, but obviously it was no use.
Annoyed, she flung her body back against the car seat. "Fuckers!" She muttered. She laughed a little, thinking about how she must look. "What do I have to do, sit here and beg for help until I get arrested, kidnapped, or untied, depending on who shows up?"
Suddenly Madison felt a hand tugging at her earbud, removing it from her ear. "Oh my god!" Madison heard someone say. "Oh, you - you - honey, are you okay?" It was a woman's voice. Before she could respond, the woman raised her headband. She was probably in her forties, thin with blonde highlights and a tan.
"Oh, thank god!" Madison said, looking around. The woman got to work untying Madison's hands, struggling, but making progress.
"Here, let's get you untied, okay? I - I saw a group of guys over here, I didn't know what all the fuss was about or I would have done something! Sweetie I'm so sorry!"
"It's okay," said Madison. "I'm - I'm okay."
"Good. Do you - umm - need me to call someone? Cops? Your parents?"
"No - please don't - I'm - I'm okay, really. Just needed a little help getting untied."
"Okay," said the woman. "There you go. And you - I mean - your clothes -"
"Here," she said as she unclamped her nipples and pulled her shirt on and closed, now that she had use of her hands. Her shirt was still there, lying under her back, thankfully.
"Do you - I mean, your -" The woman pointed at Madison's exposed pussy before she set about unclasping her heels, allowing her use of her ankles.
"No, I - I had a skirt - where's my skirt?!"
"I don't see it," the woman said. "Here, here you go."
"Thanks," Madison said with a smile. She put her feet down and leaned forward and grabbed her phone and turned off the camera.
"You need something to cover your-" the woman said as her eyes maneuvered from Madison's feet to her pussy. She noticed how swollen and red it was. "Oh my god! Honey, you - like - were you assaulted? What did they do to you? You can tell me, it's okay!"
"No, I - umm -" Madison stammered, looking for words to explain.
"Well - forget that - who did this to you?"
"That's the thing. Umm - I kind of - did it to myself."
"Oh my god. I don't think that's possible - I mean, look. I have a daughter probably close to your age. She was assaulted by three guys. Come to find out, they had been arrested on suspicion a month before they got to her, but the girl didn't want to - you know, wouldn't cooperate. And I just cried and cried, thinking that if that - if she had been brave enough to tell her story - that my daughter would have been safe. I don't - look, we have to stick together as women, you know? Look out for each other. Does that make sense?"
The thing is, I, like -" Madison began. She sighed. She knew this woman was never going to let it go unless she knew the real story.
"The thing is - I really am a slut, okay? I'm all over the internet and everything. My name is Madison Holt. Seriously, you can look me up and see. I like - I don't know why but this stuff, it feels so good! I - yeah, if you really want to know, I came here, parked, the writing was already there. I stripped, I started touching myself. I started to get into it, I tied my own ankles, I rolled down the windows and I put on the headband and the earbuds."
"And I touched myself, knowing someone might be watching. And they were, apparently, but I had no way of knowing."
"So they really didn't -"
"Oh, yeah. They tied my hands up and fingered me but that was as far as it went," she half-lied. "I'm fine, really. And I even liked it, okay! I liked it!" Madison started to cry, realizing how disturbed she sounded. "How many - how many were there?"
"A couple dozen maybe?"
"A couple dozen! Oh my god!"
"Yeah it was - I'm sorry."
"Don't be sorry, really. I had a good time."
"Okay, I guess. I just don't - I don't understand why you'd do that to yourself! Do you know the things that could have happened to you?!"
"Yeah, I - I do," she stammered. "I just - I didn't mean to take it that far but I got into it and it just kinda happened. Like it always does. And - I - I mean - I - I get turned on my stuff like that, I guess."
"Well you should really be more careful. You're beautiful, you could do so much better. And you - I mean - you shouldn't do stuff like this out in public anyway, and - or- and have someone you trust watching to make sure it doesn't get out of hand."
"Yeah. So, um - are we good? And like - thanks for helping. I guess they were just going to leave me here -"
"They were using you, Madison - using you. They didn't care what happened after they left. They got what they wanted and left."
"Yeah - thanks."
"Okay. Well if you're sure you're okay - let's just find your clothes. A skirt? I really don't see a skirt."
"Me either," Madison said. She was about to get out of the car to look, but the woman put her hand on the door.
"Stay here - I. - you don't - you're -" she pointed at Madison's pussy again.
"Oh. Right."
"Where are your panties?"
"Umm, I - I wasn't wearing any."
"Oh, Christ!" The woman muttered. "Well - do you want me to - to bring you something to cover up with?"
"I can go home like this, I guess," Madison said. The woman protested, but Madison started her car.
"I - you shouldn't - I mean, I can - I think I at least have a blanket in my car."
"Thanks," Madison said.
She thought for a moment about protesting, but decided she had better just go along with it so the woman would leave her alone. But then she realized the woman was several dozen feet away - she was already left alone. Hurriedly, Madison put her car in gear and got the hell out of there.
"Only twenty minutes back to my apartment," she thought to herself. Just then her car made a binging noise. Looking down, she realized she was dangerously low on gas!
"Ohhhh fuck I need gas!" She moaned. She had no idea how far she could go with her fuel light on - she just never let it get that low! She must have been caught up in the excitement of the day and forgot to fuel up! "Fuck I should have taken the blanket! Now what am I going to do?!"
She thought for a moment about taking a chance, seeing how far she could get on no fuel. But the outcome could potentially be even worse - she might run out. "That would be a sight," she thought. "Stuck on the side of the road, out of gas, no pants and marked as a slut!" Her mind raced, trying to think of a way she could cover herself enough to pump gas for a couple minutes. "I wouldn't have to fill up," she thought. "Just get enough to get home, like ten dollars or something."
"Maybe I can just have somebody bring me some pants," she thought rationally. Pulling over into a plaza, she texted Dan, the first person she thought of. It would have to be someone like him - or Alyssa - who wouldn't think anything was weird if she told them she was driving around with no pants. Other than those two? She couldn't think of anyone she knew well enough - and who knew her well enough - to help her. She could post on social media but that would raise more questions than answers.
"Sorry, I have an interview in Chicago in an hour," he said. Fuck! Alyssa? Would she even do it without expecting something in return?
"Alyssa - any chance you could bring me a pair of pants? I'm about 20 minutes away. Long story lol."
"Can't - with a client" was all she got back.
Now what? She couldn't call her parents. They would see "slut" written on her and there was no way that would end well. Hannah was over an hour away and they had been growing apart recently. Mike? No - not that asshole, he would try to get in her pants - ahem - or lack thereof. He'd probably take her behind a building and rough her up before he even thought about being a gentleman and giving a worn-out girl a pair of pants.
"I don't even have any friends," she lamented. "Just a bunch of nameless, even faceless users - nobody even cares about me, they just use me! Over and over!" Her classmates? They wouldn't give her the time of day at this point, she had pretty much alienated everyone with her shocking display a couple weeks ago. What about Kim - her professor? Maybe she would be willing to help?
"Kim - it's Madison - any chance you could bring me a pair of pants or shorts or really any kind of bottoms whatsoever? I'm desperate" she texted.
"Where are you?"
"A shopping plaza about 20 minutes away"
"And how exactly did this happen? You're getting out of control. I want to help you."
"Then bring me pants! Lol"
"Not what I meant. Professional help. Counseling, something. You're in too deep. I know you like it but it's gone way too far. Are you ready to put all this Webslut stuff aside and clean your reputation up? For good?"
"Can't clean up my reputation without pants!" Madison texted back, dodging the question.
"Not bringing you pants unless you agree to go to counseling, get help, and work with me - or someone- to get your life back on track. You flashed my entire class. You need help and you know it."
"I know I do. But I can't. I'm sorry."
"Don't apologize to me. It's your life you are ruining. And good luck doing whatever it is you are trying to do with no bottoms on. When you are ready let me know."
"Fuck!" Madison thought. She was all out of options. "If only I'd brought that blazer!" She thought about taking off her shirt and tying it around her waist - but her bra didn't even have cups and her nipples would be out! Looking around her car, she tried to find something - a scarf, a shopping bag, anything that might help. But no, nothing. Just a couple flimsy paper napkins. She held one up to her breast, wondering if she could stick it inside her bra and get any semblance of coverage. It fell over, ending any hope she may have had.
Next, Madison untied her shirt, pulling it down to see how much coverage it might offer. "I guess," she thought, "this is the best I can do." She really didn't care about people seeing; she understood her body was out there for public viewing. It was more the risk of getting into some kind of trouble that she didn't want to have to accept.
Madison found a gas station and pulled up next to a pump. She took a deep breath, her heart pounding, as she looked around. There were a couple of cars at the station, but it wasn't crazy. Not wanting to make eye contact, she grabbed her wallet and opened her door and stepped out without looking further except to make sure there weren't any cops around.
The wind blew her hair into her face as she quickly stepped toward the pump. Instinctively, Madison reached her hand up and pushed it away from her eyes. "Oh, shit!" She thought. "Two seconds and already my shirt rides up and I flash everybody my pussy!"
Her next move was for her shirt, pulling it down. The wind calmed down briefly and she took the opportunity, while holding her shirt and her wallet with one hand, to reach into her wallet with the other and grab a credit card. She got it into the pump and was about to pull it out when a big gust of wind hit her from behind, blowing her shirt halfway up her back.
All of the sudden, she heard a truck honk its horn. "Fuck!" She remembered. "I should have at least taken that plug out!" It had been in her ass so long she had just gotten used to it and she had all but forgotten about it. "Now everyone driving by is getting a free show of my plugged ass!"
Just then, Madison realized she could have avoided most of this attention
if she had just parked her car in the row of pumps facing the store. No, the stupid slut had parked out toward the street! And now she could hear the honking of horns as the wind blew her shirt up and exposed her plugged ass as it faced the busy street!
Madison put the nozzle into the tank as another gust hit her shirt, lifting it up to her abdomen. She heard another horn and turned and smiled at the offending vehicle.
Madison's pussy began to drip again. The wind gave her a chill and made her nipples stand at attention. Standing next to her car, she pumped the gas with her left hand as she backed up against the side of the car to cover her ass and held her wallet in front of her pussy, holding down her shirt. The guy at the opposite pump started eyeing her, and she was sure he could see the points of her nipples and her upper thigh. Blushing, she looked down, her dripping pussy starting to worm its way into her brain.
"What if my credit card didn't work and I had to go in the store like this?" She thought to herself. "I mean, the signs only say you have to wear a shirt and shoes, and I have both! Or what if someone I know drove by? What if - oh fuck, after all I've done how am I still so unsatisfied?!"
The guy next to her was still eyeing her. She could feel her self-control slipping away again. Looking around, she suddenly stopped pumping, let go of her wallet, turned around and bent at the waist to retrieve it, her plugged ass in the air to greet the man as he watched. She turned around again and blushed as she noticed that his sideways glance had turned into a full-on stare. Trying to hide her face in her hands and with her wallet, the wind blew her shirt up again. "Shit!" She thought, smiling to herself. "He's seen everything but my tits now - and my writing!"
"Wow," he mouthed to her.
Madison pulled down her shirt. She realized the pump had put enough gas in her tank to her home. She placed it in it's holder and started to walk to the driver side of her car, when a gust of wind blew her shirt up to her upper midriff.
"Hey slut?" Someone called out from a truck window, apparently having notice her writing.
It was too much. Another car honked at her. She made no attempt to fix her shirt. What she did was to hastily unbutton it and open it, giving her viewer the rest of her body. Tying her shirt as high as she could, she smiled and waved goodbye. And then, as if she couldn't get any crazier, she walked around to the driver side of her car - the side facing the street. She stood there for a moment. Another car honked. She bit her lip, knowing she was on display to every passing car. She slowly climbed into her car, posted the video of her encounter in the parking lot, and started for home.