Chapter 4
I came home after a couple of hours, which I spent in a dive bar, soaking up the cigarette smoke, the stale alcohol smell and perfume worn by painted ladies. I could have saved the stench. Kim was in bed asleep... Chris was too, I assume, as she did not answer my soft knock on her door. Shower and bed took 20 minutes and when I slipped under the sheets I noticed Kim's breathing was the same as I saw in her session when she was in her safe space, "under the canopy". The ear pods were in, so I let her sleep and laid quietly. Sleep was not far off.
I woke up when Kim left the bed. She did not turn on any lights, but moved around the room as if it were brightly lit.
I did not see her at first, I thought it was the darkness, but she had been kneeling on the floor pulling a box out from under the bed. The box went on the bed, and, after removing the top, lifted out a harness used to mount a dildo on a woman to be used to fuck another woman or, I guess, a man.
Kim stepped into it and tightened the straps, securing it in place. After returning the box, she pulled an old pair of jeans and a flannel shirt out of my stuff, then put it all on, tucking the lifelike attachment in behind the button fly. The shirt was buttoned up the bottom three buttons, leaving her cleavage well exposed, before she breathed deep, adjusted her stiff cock, grabbed the waist band of the jeans to keep them from falling down and left the room.
I quietly got up and waited until she had closed the door to the boys old room then went to stand by it and listen.
The light clicked on, shining under the door, and I heard Chris say, "Wha...?"
Kim, in a lower, gruff voice, that was obviously her, shouted, " Wake up bitch... I've got a hard cock that needs to be sucked and I've only got you to suck it for me. Get your lazy ass up and get your cunt mouth busy!"
"Charlie, it's late..."
I heard the slap. I could not tell if Kim hit her on n the face or ass, but hit her she had.
"I did not ask you for lip! I told you to give me head! You don't give me excuses you fucking whore. I own you. I own your pussy and your ass and your big fancy doctor titties. You used to be something! Now you are just a worthless cock sucking street whore, and I own you!"
"Ow! Charlie! You're hurting..."
"I'll fucking beat you bloody then give you to that pack of feral dogs over on "J" street again, if your mouth is not sucking my cock before I count 3"
"Okay Charlie... I'm..."
"One god damn it!"
There was some movement...
"That's better! Why do you always have to test me bitch! Why can't you just do what I tell you? Who owns your sorry skank ass?"
Gasping Chris said, "You Charlie! You own my ass!"
"Fuck your mouth feels good. Your pathetic husband didn't know how to treat a whore like you. He probably begged you to suck his little wiennie... fucking looser! A slut like you needs a strong hand like mine to keep you in your place."
I heard Chris, I assumed, gag and choke. She wretched and coughed.
"Too much cock for you? What kind of slut can't swallow a cock? A fucking worthless slut. How can I ever charge full price for you if you can't even suck cock right!?"
"I'm sorry Charlie..."
Smack! was what I heard.
"I don't want to hear sorry Charlie again bitch! You think I'm someone that gives a fuck if you are sorry? Some little sissy bitch like your husband that cares if you cry or repent?"
"I'll do better! I swear it!"
"You're damn right you will or ill give you back to Peter! He would take you back, but he is not as nice to pussy as I am is he. He'll let the whole block pull a train on your ass..."
"Please Charlie... I will be better... I'll earn you more... I won't embarrass you..."
"Roll over."
"Charlie... let me su..."
"Bitch! I said show me that ass!"
There was shuffling and then a series of smacks and gasps and grunts. "Your white fucking ass sure reddens up nice when you get slapped! Spread those cheeks for me... wink at me with that stink eye!"
"Please Charlie... let me be your good cock sucker baby... let me swallow your load like a good cum dump."
"Again with your shit! Well, I'm not gonna hit you! You want to make a choice, have a say? Okay... you chose... which nipple do I put my cigarette out on, or spread your ass cheeks and ask me to fill your ass with cum. CHOOSE!
That's right! Fuck your ass it is!"
"I saved a couple of pieces of chocolate for you Charlie, I know you like it to make your cock slide..."
"Too bad that you did not get that hole greased up and ready for me like a good cock sleeve would. Mabey next time... stupid cunt."
Next were sounds of fucking. Hard, brutal fucking. Heavy breathing... slapping flesh, grunts, yelps...
"Rub that pussy you lazy cunt. You had better cum before me. I like how your ass hole grabs my cock when you cum with me hard in your ass baby... that's right you nasty whore... cum for me, YEAH!!! Take that load up your ass! That's fucking the best!"
There were a few minutes of little to no sound... then Kim, in her regular voice but with a lot of emotion, said, "Oh Chris, I'm so.."
"No Kim, don't... you were perfect. Exactly what I needed."
"Can I hold you? I hurt you Chris..."
"I can't thank you enough Kim. You..."
"God Chris... aren't we a pair..."
"But we have hope. We will get better. We just have to keep at it. Go... go back to bed and rest honey, I'll clean up and put things away in the morning."
I retreated back to bed rather than risk getting caught with my ear to the door.
Kim slipped into bed and curled up next to me. And was sound asleep in moments.
Walking into the house after work, I noticed again how clean and well kept the house was. The boys were clean and dressed out well. Lately they seemed to be well fed and smiled more, fussed less.
Kim yelled from the bed room, "We're all in the bedroom Jeff."
I made my way to the door after putting my lunch box in the kitchen. Ethan was playing trucks on the floor, Caleb was busily sucking on a tit, getting his fill. Kim sat with her shirt open, both tits out. Caleb had a hand full of the other breast, clawing in satisfaction the way I had seen cats do. Kim titled her face up, pursing her lips, so I bent and kissed my smiling wife.
"I haven't started dinner yet honey, but when Caleb is done I will get right on it."
"Don't worry... take care of the priorities... I'll get busy on my work, unless you need me to start dinner for you?"
"No... you go build and fix... I've got this."
"I just wanted to say, to let you know, that I have noticed... I like the way the house looks... the way you have been taking care of yourself and the boys lately..."
She blushed a bit, wearing a big grin. "I'm glad... I'm working hard at getting better, not being depressed..."
"Well its working honey, you're doing a great job."
"Chris is being a big help you know... I'm so glad that you helped her and brought her home... even if I was a bitch to you both at first."
"All water under the bridge love... forgotten and gone."
Kim smiled and adjusted Caleb in her arms. I felt little hands on my leg and looked to see Ethan pushing me back, then crawling up and kneeling beside his mom. He latched on to her free nipple and drank a mouthful, then climbed back down and went back to his trucks.
"They share well. That's a good thing."
Another kiss for my wife and I went to make some noise in the other room.
After eating a second helping I told Kim that I had a couple of errands to run, nothing too important, but time sensitive.
"I'm not sure when I will be home. Sorry about dumping you with all of the bed time responsibility and fun..."
"Its okay Jeff. Do what you need to, whatever you think is best. We'll all manage without you for an evening."
Chris asked if there was anything she could do, but I said, "Not really..."
I went scouting... I was looking for Charlie. I did not know a lot about him personally, except that he skulked around the grocery store and did business with the adult peep show emporium down the road. Neither place gave him up that night.
I got home, cleaned up quietly, as everyone was several hours into their bed times. Kim rolled into my arms and kissed my chest. I petted her hair.
"Jeff..." she tilted her head up and looked at me. "...I know it's late, and you have work tomorrow, but if you would like, I would like to give you a blow job... I underst..."
"That would be a treat."
She brightened up, "Really?"
"Sure sweetheart. I would love that."
" I wasn't sure, you haven't asked in a while so... I thought maybe I had done something..."
I squeezed her tight and said, "You've been pretty down and in the dumps, troubled, preoccupied with the boys... I did not want to add to your burdens... it's not like we haven't had sex..."
"The boys are in the room... that's why I wanted to offer you something... I wouldn't feel free to enjoy making love with them right there... but I could give you a little head if... you were... okay with that..."
"Your touch, your kisses... that would be more than nice..."
As we had whispered, her hand had begun massaging my shaft, bringing it to life. When she scooted downtown, her head on my abs, it blossomed into full bloom.
It was... vanilla. Her normal blowjob. A lot of jacking off and some sucking on the head. Not a lot of reaching or pushing the edge, but, it was something... and it was directed at me..."
"You know I can't reach you, but if you want to turn around, I could give. You a little bit of love too."
She stopped long enough to tell me that it was okay, and that she just wanted to give me some relief... then went back to jerking me off into her mouth.
She swallowed like she normally would, not spilling a drop, excused herself saying, "I will be right back, just want to wash my mouth and brush my teeth..."
I have to admit, I was asleep before she came back to bed.
The next day after work as I walked up to the front porch a couple of ladies walked out carrying tote bags. Both stopped talking as they passed me. They eyed me up and down. I noticed a flush, and a strong scent of... milk? Sweat? No real time to think about it, as they were followed almost immediately by three more. One of the totes was open enough for me to recognize a breast pump. So this was her support group meeting.
The third pair consisted of two women, one of which had to be the "PTA President type" Kim had described. After passing she said loud enough for me to hear, "That must be the husband... for him I might consider suspending the no men rule."
Her companion giggled and they looked back as they walked on.
Chris met me at the door with a hand on my chest. "Can't go in yet... ladies still putting "things" away. Kim is good, your mom is the child volunteer today, and she has been behaving herself and very attentive to the babies."
"Okay... I've got things to do... I'll be back late, don't wait dinner."
As I turned to go Chris took my arm and held me for her question.
"Is everything alright Jeff?"
"Its all good. Just some things I have to take care of. Nothing to worry about." I left the porch and called back, "Let Kim know please. Tell her it's nothing related to anything she is working on. Make sure she is not worrying over this."
"I will."
It was several hours later that I found Charlie working a gas stations customers for spare change. I watched from down the street with a small monocular. I established that he was working alone, on the front, but every 30 minutes or so, he would duck behind the station. I set up in a different place to observe him making that quick trip to the back. I did not see anyone pop up when he went back. He was checking on the gear he had stashed behind an empty retail rack propped up by the dumpster.
I coasted to a stop, the rear of the car right next to the rack, the front, facing away from the direction Charlie always came. I left the car and hid in a shadow that Charlie would pass just before he saw the car.
He was proving to be a creature of habit, which is not a good strategy when you should be watching for an ambush. Maybe he had convinced himself he was too big a presence to worry about someone trying to rip him off... maybe he was, in his world. With me there, it became my world, not his.
He came around the corner, passed me in the darkness of the deep shadow, and stopped for a brief second upon seeing the unexpected car. A second was less time than I needed to turn his lights out. A sap is an excellent blunt force weapon... something an old army guy told me once... it is always quicker to turn off the lights than it is to drain the pipes. I wasn't aiming to kill him, though I might have hit him a little harder than was absolutely required...
He collapsed without as much as a grunt. I popped the trunk and loaded him and his hidden stash in. A quick set of zip ties, ankles, wrists and elbows... then a piece of tape and a hood. Less than five minutes after Charlie walked around the corner and I was turning on the headlights half a block away heading for the high dessert.
It was time to get up and go to work by the time I had gotten home and grabbed a quick shower, so I dressed and headed out again, kissing Kim goodbye as I did every morning.
When I got home a somber group was waiting. My mom, my sister, my wife and Chris were all sitting around the table. I walked in the door and my sister jumped up, smiling, with a greeting on her lips when my mom said sternly, "Jeni! Sit back down!"
My sister, recognizing a tone neither of us had heard since we were little children, reacted like one of Pavlov's dogs. She sat down, quick and hard, causing her, all but bare breasts, to bounce and spill out of the modified bib overalls she was wearing, without so much as a tube top to add a modicum of modesty.
Mom scowled in her general direction.
Jeni had a pair of short shorts made to look like bib overalls, and a pair of loose sandals. She tucked her nipples behind the bib, not that that covered up much... her makeup matched her blue tipped hair... trendy and overdone.
Mom sat there at one end of the table in a thin pull over, off the shoulder shirt made popular by yoga moms and 90's Jazzercise VHS tapes, and a pair of... what I can only call "Capri" pants and sandals with a 3 inch wedge. With no leotard top under the shirt, her erect nipples stood out, pushing a bar piercing through one nipple against the material. Mom also wore a thin choker on her neck.
Kim sat across from my mom, nervously fidgeting, glancing around, wanting to be somewhere else, but too curious? too interested? to be anywhere else. She was wearing a nice blouse and skirt, her hair and makeup done as if she cared and heels with hose. She could have gone anywhere less than formal dress, and fit right in without changing a thing. I glanced around and the house was spotless with everything picked up and in place.
Chris sat opposite Jeni on the far side of the table. She looked very professional, up to and including the pencil in her hair and the note book under her hand.
Chris began to speak. "Jeff, I think..."
"Where are the boys?"
"They are safe. I..."
"That's not what I asked." Chris sat up as if I had slapped the table right in front of her.
"Kim, where are my sons?"
"Mrs... Mrs. Clareon next door... she is watching them at her house. I... Icangogetthem." She stood up as she ran the last sentence into one word.
I shook my head and told her, softly, to sit down. Mrs. Clareon was a 60 year old Grandma, of the "no nonsense" old school, and she dotted on my sons.
"Thank you for answering the question that I asked... now... what's going on?"
Jeni and mom both started talking and rather than stop and let the other start, they just continued to talk over each other.
"Stop!"
I had not used that Marine Sargent's voice in a while, it surprised me how easily I fell into it. Everyone stopped talking and sat motionless staring wide eyed at me.
"Chris... can you tell me what's going on?"
Her doctor mode kicked in and she succinctly explained that my mom and sister had an issue that they could not resolve and wanted my input.
There were two more straight back chairs at the table. I pulled the closest one out and away from the table. I set it back, about equidistant between mom and Jeni, not showing regard or favoritism towards either.
"Okay... one of you start and tell me what you need my input on."
They looked at each other and mom tilted her head to indicate that Jeni should start and she would wait.
"I didn't do anything wrong!"
Mom snorted but looked down and was quiet after I threw a look at her.
"I went for a walk in the park up on central. That's all."
"Mom?" I asked when Jeni sat back, indicating that she was done.
"Just a walk in the park my ass! She went to the park, during the day when people are there with families, wearing THAT for goodness sake. Tits bouncing around, nothing to cover them or maintain modesty. She came home bragging about all the attention she got from guys, even guys with their girl friends... she told me that a group of guys hooted and hollered and one guy shouted that she should show them her titties... and she did! Go ahead you little show off. Show your brother what you did."
With only a moments hesitation Jeni smiled a big grin while she used both hands to scoop her tits out from behind the bib and bounce them in the palm of each hand.
I nodded that I understood and motioned for her to stop and put them away. Crest fallen, she complied.
"Then, as if that wasn't bad enough, she walked herself down the path that everyone uses to go hide in the bushes. A goth girl followed her in. Your older sister ducked into a bush and waited, and sure enough this girl followed her in."
"Nothing happened mom!"
"Tell him the truth! Tell him what you told me before I stopped acting like a school girl friend and more like a mom!"
Jeni hung her head and said, "I stood there not really knowing what to expect. She just looked at me, then stepped close. I thought she would kiss me, but she stuck her hands in my top and grabbed each boob and pulled them out again. She squeezed them kind of hard, then bent down, while she pulled up and licked each nipple once. Then she dropped them, turned and walked back out to the path and left. She never said a word... not a please or a thank you. But it turned me on SOOOO MUCH!! I almost started rubbing myself right then, but then I thought..."
She paused so I told her to "Go on..."
"I thought that I could tell mom and we could both get off together."
I looked at my mom who raised her chin in a little bit of defiance. "She told me that she had a very sexy story to tell me but she would only share it if I ate her pussy while she did... she dropped her pants and I started in on her... I wanted to hear the story... but I stopped as soon as she told me about how stupid she was acting. I told her she was being a slut and a pervert and pulled her over my knees and started to give her a spanking but she just fingered herself while I did... what kind of punishment lesson can she learn from that? I can't spank her hard enough anymore to get her attention. You need to give it to her good! I can't control her anymore..."
"You can't control yourself! Why should you get to control me?"
Then the sniping and bickering started.
"Both of you knock it off!"
They both stopped. Jeni stuck her tongue out at mom... mom returned it
I was quiet for a minute while I thought...
"Mom, how long have you been eating pussy?"
She glanced at Chris.
"Don't look at her! Answer the question!"
"The first time was after my first session with Chris."
"Who?"
"I don't have..."
"Who's pussy are you eating mom!"
Your sister... at first. Then Chris... I asked her to show me how to do it better."
"Just those two?"
She hung her head and sighed... then, without looking up said, "up until yesterday. Yesterday I ate a girl I had only just met at the tattoo parlor. She did my nipple piercing and said I could pay for it with my tongue." Mom looked up, pleading with her eyes for understanding. "She was pretty, and she did a good job, but she tricked me too." She dropped her eyes again. While I was on my knees between her thighs, she grabbed my hair, I thought because she was turned on, but it was to hold me still while her girl friend pulled my pants down and stuck a dildo in my pussy and fucked me while she made me keep licking her. They did not let me go until I had made them both cum twice. They were rough and mean. But..." and now she was pleading for understanding again.. " That's why I got so mad at Jeni! I already did 'the stupid' and I was scared that she would get hurt."
Chris was taking notes throughout this exchange, Kim was shrunk into herself and trying to hide by being small, but she could not leave. She needed to see how I would react to my mom and sister. She was listening, paying close attention.
I took a deep breath.
"Mom, stand up and come here."
She was wary, stepping tentatively, but she stood up and stepped up close to me.
"Let me see your piercing."
She rolled up her shirt and exposed her nipple.
I reach out and cupped her round tit, pinching it with four fingers on one side, the thumb on the other, pushing the nipple out. It was expertly pierced with a stainless bar through it. It was still a little puffy but there was no redness, no "extra" inflammation.
"Do you like it mom?"
"I do... I am thinking about getting the other one done."
"Use cash next time..."
I dropped her breast and pulled her shirt down over it.
"It looks good. Take care of it so it does not get infected. Let me know the next time and I will go with you... I should go pay this shop a visit anyway."
Mom shuffled her feet...
"What?"
"Maybe don't Jeff... I mean... they didn't hurt me... and... I didn't really fight them... and I did cum once, but it was a real intense one... and..."
"And what mom?"
"And I have a date for lunch with the second girl next Tuesday."
"Lunch is better than dinner. If you're going to be promiscuous, don't be stupid about how you do it."
"So... you're not mad at me for..."
"For being a slut? No... I am not mad because you like sex... I am concerned because you are not being smart about it! The same with you Jeni! Fucking hell you two!
Jeni... if it makes your pussy wet to expose yourself in public, then you have got to be careful, be smarter or you will end up in jail or in the morgue! If I thought you would not enjoy it so much I would turn you over my god damn knee and bust your ass."
Both of them, my mom and my sister, smiled big smiles, though neither would look up at me and meet me eye to eye.
I said, "Tell you what..." I stood up and unbuckled my thick leather belt. As I pulled it quickly through the belt loops I continued, "remember that sound, and this." I folded it, holding both ends in one hand, and slapped it on the seat of the wooden chair. " All 4 of them jumped when the leather cracked against the wood. Don't be stupid and make me remind you to be careful. You can play, you can enjoy your sexuality, you can be a slut, a lesbian, bi, a whore if you want... but if you are stupid about it, if you put yourselves and each other in unnecessary danger... I will tan your hide. I love you guys too much to let hurtful things be done to you because you are not being smart about it. If you want something and don't know how to do it safely, ask me, I will help if I can and tell you no, if I need to.
Kim was crying... silently... tears staining her cheeks, snot running from her nose...
"Kim?"
She shook her head and cried some more,
"Look at me Kim... talk to me honey... what's wrong?"
She bolted. She took two steps and then ran into my chest, encircled by my arms. I expected her to bolt... I hoped she would not, but I was ready and moving when she did.
She pushed at me, wiggled and twisted... "No! Let me go!"
I picked her up. It was not hard, even with her twisting and trying to get away, and carried her back to the chair I was sitting on. I held her to keep her in place and to keep her from hurting herself.
"No! You'll hate me! I hate me! You have to hate me! I am a terrible person! I lied to you... I made you think I was someone I am not... I thought I could be, but I can't. I made you miserable, I made me fat and depressed and ugly..."
She went on, babbling mostly. I held her tight, petting her, trying to calm her.
"Tell me now. It will be okay. Trust me Kim... I love you..."
"You won't! You can't!"
"I will... I can. You think I don't know about your past?"
"Not all of it..."
"Tell me now, clear the air... you have already decided that I don't love you, so you have absolutely nothing to lose. Tell me everything you did not tell me before... go ahead, try to make me hate you... I don't think you can."
It took a few minutes but she finally lifted her head from my shoulder. Her eyes were red, her face blotchy. She looked around, seeing my mom and my sister watching, she looked at Chris, sitting at the table, pencil on the table, next to her note book. Chris nodded her head slowly, very slightly.
"I was not honest about who I was and what I did..."
"Yeah? Does that mean that you had more sex than you let on?"
She nodded...
"I don't care."
"A lot more."
"I am not interested in a body count... that was all before me."
She was quiet... very softly she said, "Not all..."
"Well now we are getting somewhere... how many cocks have you sucked since we have been 'Us'? How many men have you fucked since you vowed to be mine?"
She sat up straight and very sincerely said, "None. Not one."
"Then tell me what I am missing? Are you fucking dogs? Goats? What am I missing?"
Her head was shaking no... and again, softly she finally said, "Women... I was with a woman before I met you and was still involved with her while we dated... I stopped after you asked me to marry you, and I thought I could stop forever, but I... I still wanted... I'm sorry Jeff."
"So... you've been eating pussy the whole time we've been married?"
Her head continued to shake...
"So all of this is because you want to, but..."
Kim shook her head harder and sniffed.
"When did you start back up? Now's the time... if we have any chance at all... we can't have any secrets."
She looked over at Chris without raising her head.
Chris said, "Don't stop now..."
"When Chris moved in... but-its-not-her-fault." She ran the last words together trying to get them out.
I took Kim and moved her off of my lap. I placed her on her feet in front of me, then sat back in the chair. Tears ran freely down her face. Both my mom and my sister started to protest. With a look, they both got real quiet real fast.
"Look at me Kim..." she did not lift her head. "Look... at... me!"
When she did I said, "Do you see a pussy when you look at me?" Her face formed an unspoken question. "Do I have a pussy?"
"N...no..."
"Then how, even if you had told me, would I be able to satisfy your desire for pussy?"
"You... you couldn't."
"That's right... there is no way I could have, or can now, satisfy your desire to eat pussy or to have sex with a woman.
That truth then leaves you with two options... give up having sex with women, or continue having sex with women.
Having tried giving it up and finding that it made you miserable, depressed and all around 'self loathing', that truth leaves you with two options... be honest and trust your partner, me, with the truth and see what we could work out, or break your vows and take one or more secret lovers."
"I was afraid... I did not know how you would react to me not being truthful to begin with... I wanted to..."
"But you did not trust me to love you enough..."
Kim collapsed onto the floor, her knees and ass both touching, her palms flat on the floor, her shoulders shaking in silent sobs.
"So now we come to my two choices... I can tell you to go to hell, boot your lying ass to the curb and fight you in court for custody of the boys..."
"Pllleeeaaasse Jeff!"
"Or... I can make you a deal so that you can have all the pussy that you want."
Kim wiped her nose, looking at me with something like a ray of hope.
"You would do that? Even after..."
"The problem is that that would not solve your problem... you are not a lesbian. You still like dick... you are, in fact, a real honest to goodness cock slut aren't you? Yeah, my wife the cock gobbling slut."
"I've never..."
"Not yet... but since you don't act the slut with me... how long will it be before you are taking men lovers as easily as you took women?"
"I wo..."
"God damn it Kim! If you're not going to be honest with me..."
"But Jeff, I am..."
I stood up and she flinched, sitting back on her ass, her knees still on the ground, feet besides her hips.
My belt already off, it was a simple matter to pop the buttons on my jeans and drop trow...
4 women, 2 of whom had never seen my cock, and 1 of the others, not since I learned to wipe my own ass, all gasped as my semi hard pecker popped into view.
I stepped out of my pants and sat down.
"Suck my cock Kim."
"Wha... what? Now? Jeff, your mom and sister... Chris... they're all here."
"From what I see, they have all been recipients of your talented mouth... and you theirs? Tell me I'm wrong..."
Everyone averted their eyes but Chris.
"Don't get all shy and reticent now... why shouldn't my wife suck my cock when I ask her to?" with a bit more venom behind the words I repeated, "Suck my cock"
Kim looked at me, looked around at the others, then looked at me again, took a big breath in, then out, then sat up, scooted between my legs, situating herself to do as I asked. She took my half hard but familiar meat in her hand, opened her mouth enough to get the head in, then proceeded to jack me off into her mouth, applying a small amount of suction. She looked up at me, looking for a reaction. I did not smile, I did not frown... my cock swelled as more blood flowed in.
After about two minutes I said, "Stop."
Determined to show me, Kim stroked and sucked harder rather than quit.
I put the palm of my hand on her forehead at the hairline, then grabbed the top of her head with my fingers and pushed her off my dick. Once her mouth was off, her hand went still, though did not let go.
"I will admit that Cummings in your mouth is more pleasurable than say, a tissue or a sock, but I can jack off myself... what I can't do is suck my own cock... for that I need you. No... don't talk... you forget, wife of mine, I was in the shower when you gave my cock a proper blow job... a nasty, slutty, sloppy, wet blow job worthy of any porn movie, better than most. I know you remember, even though you got lost in the pleasure, I remember the reaction when you realized that I knew. You love sucking cock. You revel in sucking cock. You love a good nasty blowjob as much as any one I have ever seen, but for some reason, you are convinced that I would reject you if I knew the real you... I cannot figure where you got that idea... but we are clearing the air and being honest... time to come clean and let your husband see the nasty, slutty whore that you really are... show me how naughty my wife can be. Do it any way you like, just don't hide behind some bull shit mask you think I want to see."
Kim sat there for a moment, my hand still on her head, but not pressing her away. Her lip trembled like a scared child.
I waited a few beats then said, "Alright... stand up." I tugged on her hair. She winced. I let go and she continued to stand. Once on her feet I said, "Strip."
She furrowed her brow...
"Take your fucking clothes off Kim... put on a show for your husband... give me a stripper show. You've got a captive audience... NO ONE IS GOING ANYWHERE UNTIL I TELL THEM THAT THEY CAN GO! My voice did not raise in volume... but it went to a ten in intensity.
Kim looked daggers at me, set her jaw in defiance... as she began to undo the buttons of her blouse one at a time. I thought it was a good sign... at least she wasn't blubbering anymore, but what do I know.
The Chris hooted and lewdly said, "Take it off! Shake that money maker girl!"
Jeni was not far behind and mom joined in before the shirt was untucked and discarded.
Kim unzipped her skirt and let it fall, then looked at my cock. It was standing at attention now, but still had room to grow. She smiled and I could see the shift... it was a subtle transformation but I saw my slut wife show herself. She pealed off the panty hose and I gave her until her bra was unhooked, but before she removed it, teasing, delaying, edging, before I spoke.
"Look at me Kim. Not my cock. My cock already knows 'this' you intimately... my eyes have only glimpsed you from a distance... it's time that you and I are introduced."
She faltered for a moment, her resolve crumbling.
"What? You think you're the only one that talks to my cock? Don't EVER tell my cock a secret... he is a simpleton, a braggart, a boaster who's ego is slightly larger than his girth. But I want you healthy... I want you happy. I, your husband, want you whole!"
The shift solidified and my wife smiled at me, all the way up into her eyes. And from that point on, until I turned her around, her eyes never left mine... the minx, the cock slut, the wife slut that would do anything to pleasure her husband, never left her eyes.
She cupped her tits, bringing them together, jiggling them, then brought one nipple up to her mouth, flicking her tongue back and forth over it, then biting it, holding it between her teeth, she removed her hand and let the breast hang from her nipple. Jeni squealed, I smiled. Kim Picked the weight back up, sucking the then swollen nipple into her mouth with a moan, running her other hand over her body from shoulder to hip, across her tummy down into the front of her, now very wet panties. I knew she was slipping at least one finger through her silky lips, but I did not see as her eyes were holding mine.
Kim hooked her thumbs in the waist band of her panties after letting her tits go. She turned sideways, ass towards my mom, looking at me. I could, out of the corner of my eyes, see Jeni rubbing and pinching her nipples, bib down. On the other side, mom had taken her loose top off and slipped the Capri pants off her ass. As Kim's panties hit the floor moms pants were rolling up at her ankles.
Kim held her panties up to her own nose and inhaled deeply, then, still looking at me, tossed them onto the table in front of Chris, who squealed in delight and held them to her own face. Kim held eye contact as she slowly lowered herself between my knees. She continued lower, shoulders dipping, until my erect cock was between her face and mine.
She moved closer, gliding in smooth and sexy and planted a kiss on my shaft right at the sensitive underside spot where the head meats the body.
I flexed and my cock bobbed up and popped her on the lips, gently, and made her smile, then dip to the bottom of my shaft. She poked the spot between my balls and licked up, following the piss tube ridge, going on up and over the top, engulfing the head in her hot, wet, mouth. She sucked hard, collapsing her cheeks, dipping her whole body down and away, then releasing the suction trapped head, to have it spring back and slap me in the abbs.
"Hey there big guy... fancy meeting you here."
"That's quite a floor show you put on... is this lap dance a regular part of your act?"
"So far I'm just trying it out to see how a very select clientele reacts to it."
"I would say, from the immediate feedback, you have a winner here... in fact, it's so good that I may want an exclusive..."
"Then you had best ensure that you are here every night and fill my dance card."
Kim took my cock at the base and used it like a windshield wiper across her mouth, back and forth, slapping it against her cheeks and lips every so often. She kissed, nipped, licked, hummed, and sucked the base, the tip, the sides and both front and back. It felt wonderful, but what lit my fire the hottest was that she so thoroughly and obviously, enjoyed doing it. She reveled in the shear hedonism of her actions... when she opened her mouth to take me in, she went short and long, mixing it up randomly. Sometimes it was hands free, some times she held my shaft... no more was she just giving me a hand job with a moist receptacle...
Mom was watching everything Kim did almost as intently I was, and rubbing her clit as if it were a stone she was polishing. Jeni had kicked out of her shorts finally and crawled up other table, ass high in the air, shoulders and cheek, flat on the tabletop, watching Kim while Chris had moved around behind my sister, and was fingerings her pussy and driving her tongue deep into Jeni's asshole.
I saw all this when l looked up after Kim broke eye contact so she could better position her body to work on swallowing my cock. I looked back down and saw the top of her head going down, bouncing on her gag reflex. She would come up, gulp some air, maybe two, blow air out of her nose to clear it out, then right back to it. She was playing a game of centimeters rather than inches...
The next time she came up I said, " Kim..."
She locked eyes and smiled at me then opened her mouth to engulf the head again, but I said "Come here." And motioned for her to get closer to my face.
Confusion crossed her face, then fear touched her again. She levered up onto her knees, "Did I..."
I closed my eyes and sighed. You're doing great. Believe me, if I was unhappy with what you are doing you would not have to ask."
I reached between my legs with both hands and scooped a tit into each one, pulling her up and into me, pressing them together with my cock wrapped tightly between them.
"I'm lovin' this side of you and hope you will let me see it more often."
I started to move my hands, massaging my cock with her tits.
A smile spread, displacing the concern. Her hands covered mine, pressing harder, moving one up, while moving the other down. I withdrew my hands, letting her take over.
I kissed her and she leaned in, aggressively participating.
I broke the kiss, moving to her ear and biting her lobe.
"Ahhhh..."
Through clenched teeth I said, "I am in love with a slut... my wife is a slut that loves to suck cock."
"I... ahhh! I am Your wife! Your slut! I love to suck Your cock! I am your wife slut!"
I let go of her ear and looked her in the eye. "Yeah?"
"Yeah. Just you, just your cock. That's all I want."
"You already tried that... I thought we were being honest?"
" I meant... I was talking... about cock! I..."
All movement between us stopped.
Kim started to back up, but a hand cupped around her neck stopped her. I did not pinch, I did not hurt her. I simply did not let her bolt.
"Pussy. You told me that pussy was your down fall, and, of course, trying to live up to some ridiculous standard that you decided I held you to... strange cock hasn't ever been your problem right? Right!"
The fear that first wanted her to bolt, froze her like a deer in the headlights.
"Breathe Kim." It was me that said it, not Chris. Kim had to learn to get herself to her inner safe place and calm down herself, grab control herself, if she was ever going to get well.
One, two deep breaths, two long exhales. Kim closed her eyes, then breathed again. When she opened her eyes again, the fear was no longer in charge.
"You're right Jeff. But now, I think I could, if that's what you told me you wanted. I could be alright as just yours."
"Good. I'm glad to hear you say that. You'll be mine? You'll do what I ask?"
"Willingly, without hesitation."
"Good. Go lick my mom's pussy until she cums."
"Wh... what?"
"Turn around and show me how really willing you are to be mine and do anything I ask. Go crawl between my mom's thighs and finish her off. She should not be hard, she looks pretty damn close. I want to watch my slut of a wife suck cunt."
Kim searched my face for... I don't know what... kissed me on the lips and spun around, then on hands and knees, crawled the short two steps, that put her mouth on my mom's almost hairless pussy.
Mom moved her hand, sucking her own wetness from her fingers, spreading her thighs for my wife... probably not for the first time, but that did not concern me. Kim's willingness did.
"Oh my god Kim! Fuck! I'm close."
I slapped Kim on the ass as I knelt behind her. "Make that pussy squeal Kim. If she cums, keep going until I tell you to stop."
Jeni and Kim both yelped when I smacked Kim's ass, but Kim did not stop tonguing my mom. Mom was squeezing both tits hard, starting to clench up as her orgasm began. Kim stayed attached and road her out, extending mom's climax, and only backing off a bit when mom complained that she was too sensitive. Kim kept licking though, just concentrating on parts not quite so sensitive.
"God! Jeff! Make her be gentle... oh my god you're going to kill me! That's so good! Fuck it's building again already!"
I swiped my cock head through the wet puffy labia, dripping pussy juice down Kim's thighs. When I was lined up with the hole I pushed in, slowly. I took a full 30 seconds to go from tip to root, never stopping, not slowing down. She moaned the entire time. I slapped her ass twice on the ride in, and I began the withdrawal as soon as I bumped her pelvis with mine. Each stroke, in or out, picked up speed. Each thrust got home faster than the one before.
Jeni was babbling, still on the table with her ass in the air.
"Chris!" I raised my voice. She heard and pulled her tongue out of my sister's pussy and a finger out of her ass. Drag that horny cunt off the table by her hair and bring her to me here."
There was no hesitation, no question. She pulled Jeni's knees out from under her, slamming her stomach on the table top, then grabbed her hips and pulled her towards the edge of the table. Jeni grunted, then cried out when Chris grabbed her by the hair and took her to the ground. Jeni was scrambling to get her hands and knees under her, but Chris wasn't waiting. Jeni half crawled, half got dragged, and as Chris stepped close I motioned for her to extend Jeni across Kim's back, side to side.
Kim grunted when I guided Jeni into position, holding her in place with a hand on her back, quieting her movement with a sharp smack on the ass.
"Lay still bitch.
Chris..." She stepped half a step closer to me. "Do you have, or do you know, where a strap on cock can be accessed quickly?"
A quick nod of the head.
"Go get it, and put it on... and shed the rest of those clothes. Get naked!"
"I... I ca..."
I took hold of the hand that had been hanging at her side... I did not raise my voice, I just said please."
I was still riding my wife, who was now pushing back into each thrust forward. My wife was eating my mom's pussy... and mom was about ready to roll into her second climax in 10 minutes. My naked older sister was laid out across my wife's back, getting set for some more individual attention from my hand, but all I saw at that moment was Chris break and falter, then pull together, smile and say, "Thank you."
Jeni was pulling hard on her nipples as I delivered another in a series of 10 or 15 well place, crisp and stinging swats on her ass, while slamming my cock deep in my wife, when Chris returned.
"You look fantastic!"
I took the hand that had been heating up my sister's plump ass and reached up. Chris bend down and my hand cupped the back of her neck, bringing her down closer. I kissed her then, for the first time, deep, searching...
Her breasts were heaving when we broke. I let her pull away slightly then held her head still.
"Take that hard dick you're sporting and go fuck my mom in the face."
Chris' eyes got big, then a smile hit her mouth, a glint of mischief in her eyes. "Gladly."
Like a guided missile launched from a jet fighter, Chris targeted my mom. Hair filled one hand, the base of the ribbed, heavily veiled silicone dick was in the other. Chris said, as she shoved fake meat between my mom's lips, "Jan, your son wants to watch you get your face fucked... I am going to show him... give him a show. Show your son what a newly liberated woman can do with cock fucking her mouth. You've wanted a way to show him that you are willing and available... now's your shot."
Mom was caught off guard. Chris pushed in, distending mom's cheek, stretching her mouth, but the words woke her up. She blinked twice at me, then turned at the waist to face more at Chris who stood to the side of her chair, and with both hands braced on Chris' thighs, mom threw herself into her newest debauchery.
Kim's breathing became erratic, her movements stilted and disconnected. She was caught up in her own orgasm. I thrust deep and held while she came on my cock. I reached down, grabbed Jeni by the hair and lifted up.
"Oh fuck Jeff!" Jeni cred out as she back peddled, trying to relive the pain.
Without direction or explanation I pulled Jeni back towards Kim, halting her motion going one way and making her shift quickly back. I though she was a better dancer than that, we would have to work on that.
I pushed her head down, turning her face towards me, using my grip in her hair. I settled her face on Kim's hips, her mouth lined up with the crack of Kim's ass.
"I am getting ready to cum..." I saw the light go on as synapses fired and she new she was going to get to take my load. Her mouth opened and her tongue came out, flat and ready.
"That's right. I am going to shoot in your mouth. YOU WILL NOT SWALLOW! NOT ONE DROP! I guarantee you that if you swallow, it is the only time you will ever taste my cum! Do You Understand?"
Without withdrawing her tongue, she managed to convey that she understood.
Pressure was building quickly for me. Kim had finished her climax and recovered enough to continue tormenting my mom while Chris was shoving fake cock in mom's mouth, wrecking her makeup with tears and spital.
Mom gagged and wretched, pulling off the cock, trying n to recover... she glanced over at me, looked up at Chris and said, "More... I want more..."
Chris was happy to oblige.
I groaned, even though I tried to remain detached, but it felt so good... but the visuals were too much and pushed me over the edge. I pulled my cock out as the first rope flew out. I "threw the first round" ( a rifle range reference) and went wide of the target, splashing Kim's hip and Jeni's breast at the same time,
"Ahurggg!!" roared up from my guts as the next two spurts of jizz rocketed up from the depths of my balls. Both hit squarely on the bulls eye, filling my sisters mouth. Her lips closed, but she controlled the natural desire to swallow... the last two ejaculations covered Jeni's face, mouth across the ear into her hair, and bridge of the nose to forehead.
With one hand I pulled Jeni off of Kim's lower back, setting her up on her knees, and with the other I grabbed Kim's hair, and pulled her up and back, pulling her away from mom's gushing pussy.
Both mom and Chris stopped and watched...
Kim exclaimed, "Ahhhh..." as I pulled her up against my chest, turning her head towards Jeni.
"open your mouth Kim."
Her eyes were wide, but with excitement not fear.
"Jeni... open your mouth and let it run into Kim's... don't spit."
It was a perfect execution... as if they had practiced.
When Jeni's mouth was empty, Kim swallowed.
"Fuckinghell that is so hot you guys!" Chris said.
Kim reached for Jeni with her face, pulling against my grip in her hair. I held on, but let her move, Jeni stretched too. They kissed then, open mouth, tongues, playing tag swiping cum from hidden corners and places.
I let them kiss, releasing their hair. When they were done, Kim turned her face to me and said, "Well? What do you think?
"I think you are not done yet..."
Kim looked a bit confused. Jeni had sighed with satisfaction and sat back on her haunches... After I indicated to her that she should look at Jeni, Kim's face lit up with understanding and she leaned foreword, tongue extended, bending low and latching onto a spot on Jeni's tit, licking my cum from her boob.
Jeni was all smiles. "Wow! That was fucking intense!"
"You did great sis. Thank you."
"Oh fuck yes! Thank you Jeff.
You know..." she started after a pause, "...if you ever need me for... anything like that again..."
Kim reached out and took hold of one of my sisters nipples with her thumb and forefinger and pulled, bringing her, noes to nose. Kim then kissed Jeni. Applying more of a pinch and tugging on it harder. Jeni just moaned louder as they continued with lips locked.
Kim broke the kiss, and eased off the nipple allowing Jeni big smile.
"I'm guessing that your machine is at home, and I know how much you like it, so if you want, you can go get mine and bring it out here to play with."
"Oh yes! Thanks so much Kim!"
Jeni hopped up and ran to get one of her favorite toys.
Chris had moved my mom to a bent over position on the table, then speared her in the pussy and begun to fuck her, much to my mom's vocal delight.
"Oh... my... god... Chris! Yes! Fuck my pussy... ugh! So fucking good!"
"Why don't you sit back in the chair Jeff and watch as your mom gets fucked... I've got a little clean up to do... I seem to remember Cummings on this beautiful cock and I do love the taste of my own pussy on your cock. You don't mind indulging me in one of my most favorite things to do now that my head is getting right, do you love?"
As an answer I smiled, shook my head and scooched back up into the straight back chair, spreading my knees and giving her as much access as possible.
She grinned at me, with a sparkle in her eye, holding me locked in on her pretty face. As she used her tongue to scoop up the still semi hard head and suck it into her mouth, she broke eye contact, closing hers as a moan of delight left her. I was still watching her when she opened them again. Holding me in her hand, at the root, she lifted her mouth off and began rubbing my growing cock on her face, gently tapping her chin, cheeks and pouting lips.
"I'm just going to enjoy myself baby, you don't have to watch me, I mean you can... but feel free to enjoy the floor show too. It sounds like your mom is really getting well and properly fucked... and I know Jeni is going to be joining them in a minute too..."
With that my wife went back to playing like a child with a new toy.
Jeni came back in with her armload of milking machine and tubes. She acknowledged us sitting by blowing me a kiss.
"You guys are so fucking hot... Kim... you make such a good slut wife! I used to be jealous, but I'm not anymore..." Jeni was stretching out the electrical cord and plugging the machine in while talking, Kim just continued to enjoy what was transitioning from a clean up job to a very sloppy, wet blow job. Jeni climbed up on the table and laid down on her back. She hit the on button after centering one cup over her already hard nipple. It sucked it in fast and deep, distending the nipple and areola. I glanced and saw that she had started the machine on 8 instead of 1.
"Oh FUCK! Jesus that's good!" Jeni grabbed her tit and squeezed as the machine kicked in, one hand rubbing her clit hard and fast.
"Hook up your other nipple you wanna' be cow! Then move that pussy over to where your mommy can eat your naughty slut pussy the way she likes it best... while getting fucked, like the nasty fuck slut that she has always wanted to be!" Chris was like a machine, driving that strap-on into my mom's dripping cunt, not missing a beat while giving my sister direction.
Mom groaned and grunted, as Chris grabbed her hair, pulling back, lifting mom's face off the table, arching her back, waiting for Jeni to slip into position. Ripples of firm flesh rolled along her ass and hips as Chris slammed her again and again, grinding her tits into the table top.
Kim sucked and licked at my balls, stroking my shaft, playing in the pre-cum at the tip after slowly making the journey from root to tip. Our eyes met again as she looked over the top of my cock. I wiggled my fingers, indicating that she should rise up. As she began to move up, I reached down, without bumping foreheads, and scooped her tits together again, settling them on the tops of my thighs. Smiling broadly Kim said, "You like this, that much?"
"Of course I do..." she moved her hands to replace mine on the side of her breasts as I moved both of my hands to her nipples. I lifted slightly, using my thumb and finger, pinching a little on each one.
"You're going to start them going and then we'll end up in the shower..."
"A shower with you is never a detrimental threat..."
I bent to her mouth and kissed her, her arms went around my neck.
Jeni started wailing, her body flopping on the table top, the table, not built as a sex bench, was groaning under the stress. Chris was riding mom like a rented mule, pulling her hair like reins and smacking her ass as if the Kentucky Derby was on the line. Mom came hard just as Jeni was getting control of her body back. Jeni reached over and turned the machine off... Chris buried the rubber cock as deep as possible and held on as mom crested and then dropped, exhausted.
"You and I need to talk Kim..."
She cocked her head and looked concerned.
"There is this "understanding?" we need to figure out. It's not that I want to regulate who and when... I think you should be free to choose who's pussy you eat... I hope you'll be smart about it..."
"But...?"
"No but... I just think that what's good for the goose is good for the gander."
"So what are you saying Jeff? That you want to suck all the dick you want to? Where is that coming from?"
"No..." I chuckled... "What I am saying is that if you get all the pussy you want, then I should get all the pussy I want? What's good for you is good for me. Right? I mean fair is fair..."
"You bastard!" but there was a smile behind the words... "Okay... providing, in a paraphrase of the late great Henry Ford, as long as all the pussy you want is mine!"
"Now how is that..."
She kissed me hard...taking one of my hands and pulling it between her legs. Her fingers guided mine and dipped in, coating them with her juice. She broke the kiss and whispered in my ear while holding me close, "This family only needs one slut and that's me. Take me, use me... anyway and everyway you want, as often as you like. You won't hear me say no to you. The only good timing is your timing. Test me... you won't find me lacking. I am your slut first, and foremost... no one has rights to me but you."
"I won't lie Kim... watching you eat pussy was pretty hot..." I was still wiggling my fingers in her puss... she grabbed my cock and stated pushing and pulling.
"I will eat any pussy you want me to... I will suck any dick you give me to suck. I will be a whore to your pimp if that is what you want. There isn't anything too nasty or naughty that I won't do for you... and only you."
"That's a deal I can live with..."
Kim kissed down my neck, pulling her pussy off of my fingers, she licked my nipples, nibbling gently, then went quickly down to my cock, stopping only long enough to grab my hand and suck the fingers that had just been in her twat, then she opened her mouth and took my hard dick down to her gag reflex and wretched, holding it, wretched again them pushed deeper, swallowing, trying to force more in... she came up for air with tears in her eyes and a smile dripping saliva. "I... can hardly... (gasp)... wait... until you can... cum right in to my belly. It gets me so hot trying... it gets me so wet just thinking about getting that whole big piece of man meat down my throat."
"Fucking hell Kim! I'm gonna cum just listening to you!"
"Do it Jeff. Cover your wife in cum..." she held herself away just slightly, using her hands to finish me. "Bathe your little cum slut wife in your creamy goodness."
My balls hurt, I came so hard. Kim had cum on her face, on her tits, her shoulders had a string... she was a mess. It looked like a porn star had taken two or three loads.
When I was done, Kim turned around and said, "My husband made a mess of me? Who wants to help clean me up?"
Jeni, who was riding Chris "cowboy" practically dove off her cock and into Kim's arms. My mom, who was straddling Chris' face, enjoying her tongue, was close behind. Both began licking cum from her body. Chris, abandoned, sat up and watched, holding eye contact with Kim, making kissy faces back and forth. When Jeni moved from a breast to Kim's neck, Kim stopped her with a hand in her hair. Then, taking the same hold on my mom, who was busy sucking a tit, she turned back towards me, switching hands, she guided them both to my cock.
"I am willing to share with you two, because you love him, and have found a love for me... don't abuse the gift... but enjoy his cock with your mouths."
She let them go, and like best friends, they approached it together. Jeni grabbing a hold at the base of my deflating cock, she held it out and said, "You go first mom... I know you've wanted his cock in your mouth longer than I have known what a blow job was."
Mom smiled and carefully took me in her mouth, savoring the taste and texture, reveling in fantasy realized.
Looking up I saw Kim, leaning against the edge of the table, Chris, stepping into her waiting embrace. They kissed, smearing cum from Kim's face to Chris'. Chris put her arms up and around Kim, Kim reached down and loosened the straps holding the harness in place. Chris began licking cum from Kim's face, while stepping out of the harness that was fallen around her ankles. Kim, took a turn cleaning cum from Chris' face.
They caressed each other, kissed and giggled with each other, then slowly, holding each other, sunk to the floor and Kim laid flat, while Chris spun around, throwing a leg over, then they both began to lick and finger each other, taking their time... making it last.
Mom and Jeni, having thoroughly cleaned and drained, my cock, knelt and kissed me, the three of us kissing at the same time, hands roaming and playing. Thank you's were murmured... moans and mews where uttered. Then mom stood up, took Jeni's hand and led her, first to the strap on, then to a spot on the floor by the couch.
"Lay down on your tummy baby girl... momma wants to fuck you."
Jeni giggled, then laid down. "When you say it like that mom... what girl could resist. Mom pulled a pillow off the couch and pushed it under her grown daughters hips, pushing her butt up slightly. Mom stepped into the harness, tightening the straps once it was in place, then knelt down, straddling Jeni's thighs, mom's newly acquired cock laying in the cracked her daughters ass.
" I love the way this feels. But I can't wait to get one of those cocks that cums..."
Mom guided the head into the wet lips of Jeni's puss while she was talking.
"I think it would be hot to cum all over your ass Jeni."
Jeni just moaned as mom started feeding plastic dick to her.
As mom stroked in and out, she used her hands, a thumb on each side of Jeni's butt crack, to spread her butt cheeks apart.
"So fucking sexy... I always wondered... I really had no idea how much I would love sex, once it was my choice when, how and with whom. How about I fuck your ass baby doll? I really want to you know..."
"And I want you to mom... but I already told you... butt plugs and butt grease first. I want to enjoy it. We'll have... to... oh fuck yes mom, like that, now harder... unghhhh... make a trip... ugh, ugh, ugh!... shit... imcummmming!!!"
Jeni came quick and hard... bouncing her ass, making mom's tits jump.
"That was so great mom... so fucking great."
Mom pulled out, Jeni rolled sideways off the pillow and mom rode her like a professional wrestler. Once Jeni had settled, mom laid down on her, kissing, lips, nose, eyes...
"We will have to make a date to go to the "toy store" and get a few of the thing we want to have."
"You mean go together?"
"Yeah mom... we could dress up and make a day of it. "
"Oh Jeni... I'll really like that."
Kim and Chris were still in that classic "69", but they had switched, with Kim now on top I could hear sounds, little exclamations, encouragements. Chris stretched her neck out, tilting her head back to get her mouth clear.
"Shit Kim! Ahhhhggg...easy now... fuck! How do you do that? Ohhh! Stop that!"
Without lifting her mouth off of Chris, Kim laughed, a joyful, slightly wicked little laugh.
Chris gave Kim a little slap on the ass. "That's too... aaahhhhh!!!ffffuuuucccckkkkkk!"
Kim continued to do things to Chris extending her orgasm, milking it, until, breathlessly, she rolled Kim off, closing her legs and curling up to recover.
Kim swapped ends, held Chris, stroking her hair, cooing in her ear... at one point, she looked right at me, over Chris' shoulder, winked and blew me a kiss. I sat watching unable to recover as quickly again as before, but enjoying getting a glimpse of the pleasure my wife was able to give and receive... how much she enjoyed being herself, free and easy to be... just to be.
They continued to kiss while Jeni and my mom started to get dressed.
Knowing that they were not far from home, it did not surprise me that they did not fix make-up or get all put back together before leaving... anyone that saw them would surely see two women that were well fucked.
Mom came over to where I sat, bent down and kissed me on the lips. "Wore you right out tonight huh?"
"Give me a break mom... Yes, once in a while I've got to recharge."
She turned to Kim and Chris, still on the floor and in each other's embrace, then stepped towards them as Jeni came in for aa goodbye kiss.
"Thanks for letting us play too Kim." Then paused and said, "Fuck it", got down on her hands and knees and gave them both lingering kisses.
Jeni bent down to kiss me, her tits, threatening to fall out from behind the bib... "You were awesome tonight Jeff. Thanks... and thanks for worrying about me and wanting me to play a little safer and smarter. It means lot."
My sister turned and swatted my mom on her ass saying, "Come on you insatiable slut... leave those two alone and let's go home... I still want to bend you over the kitchen table and try out a wooden spoon to see how quick you beg me to make you cum."
"Jeni! Can we have no secrets?"
Chris, from the floor, in a very parental, or professional tone of voice said, "No... not any more... and you know that Jan. No secrets from your daughter, no secrets from your daughter in law, and especially no secrets from your son! That was the deal you made, right?"
Head bent in submission, mom said, "Sorry. I... didn't mean..."
"Go home Jan, enjoy your evening of exploration... and make sure you call me and let me know before you go off to the adult store, I might have something for you to pick up, or... I might want to tag along."
"Thank you Chris..." Then, brightening not unlike a switched on light bulb, mom grabbed Jeni's hand and pulled her to the door. "Come on Jeni... let's go, before she makes me get the brush!"
Jeni, pulling back, but only enough to irritate mom said, "But I like the brush... maybe..."
"Good night ladies!" Chris said firmly.
I was still sitting on the straight back wooden dinning room chair, still butt naked, still worn out, still not an extra drop of blood in my pecker... I watched as my wife untangled herself from Chris, helped her up, kissed her on the lips and swatted her on the ass, sending her, giggling like a school girl, off to the bath room. Then she came and sat down on my lap.
"I could sit here quietly until 'something interesting comes up' or... you my love, could get dressed, and go get our sons and bring them home, while I go hop in the shower... to get cleaned up."
Both of us heard the water turn on. Both of us grinned at the same time...
"Dressed and the boys it is..."
A deep and enjoyably lingering kiss, and then up she went, skipping into the bathroom.
It was later than I thought, but Mrs. Clareon was not upset. She loved the boys and Kim had left plenty of milk for Caleb. But boys were fed and asleep when I got there.
She and I talked for a while. She told me that she had been very worried about my wife. She had seen the decline and worried about me and the boys too. But she was very happy that Kim had turned things around... that whatever she was doing, we should really think about making it a permanent part of our lives...
"Rest assured Mrs. Clareon... there is no going back now."
"You tell her, for me, to keep working it..."
"Thanks for watching the boys..."
"Oh, don't be silly... it's a pleasure... anytime."
I got them home, Caleb in one arm, Ethan over my shoulder, and saw that Kim's car was gone.
I took them into our room, calling for Chris or Kim, but got no answer. I went to set Caleb in his crib but there was a paper on his mattress, so they both went on my bed.
Kim left me a note.
"I took Chris with me... but while we are gone, would you move the boys back into their room? It's time."
She did not say where they were going, or when they might be back. She did not explain anything, like where Chris was going to sleep or why she no longer needed a room.
It wasn't hard, I mean Chris had been in Ethan's bed, so I moved Caleb's crib and dresser back in, then put them both down.
No sign of Kim when I came out of their room, so I took a shower.
Still no sign once I was dried off. It wasn't that I did not trust them, alone or together... but it was getting late, and there were dangers that neither was very well equipped to deal with.
I had work tomorrow, but I had gotten by on little and no sleep before.
I brewed some coffee and sat on the floor of the kitchen, in the dark. It was 2 hours before they came through the front door.
"Try to be quiet Chris... we want to surprise him."
Chris slipped her shoes off and set a shopping bag on the floor. Kim clicked on a table light. It was only a 25wstt decorative light, so cast only very dim glow.
Kim said, "Go ahead and get your cloths off... here is this, if you need help, let me know." Kim held out a small non-descript bag, Chris baubled it, but did not drop it.
"Shhhh...!"
"Sorry... Kim... I'm scared... what if..."
" Knock it off Chris. I already told you that he won't make you go. You know I won't let him for one... and secondly, that scum bag Harrold down at the peep show said Charlie was a no show, and he said that Charlie always showed when someone owed him money. You know... Jeff was gone and he said he had 'things to do'. My guess is Charlie never goes to see Harold to pick up that money."
While they were talking I was moving... slowly...in the shadows... silently. I traversed from the darkness of the kitchen to the shadows cast over by the dinner table. Once I was settled and still again, I continued to listen.
"He's the one that brought you home and gave you a place to stay..."
"That was before he found out that I would be fucking you." She interrupted.
"You're not fucking me! You set me free to be fucked by him. I chose to let you fuck me... once I was unlocked, I came after you."
Kim was as naked as Chris was now and turned around to face her. She grabbed Chris in a hard embrace. "We are going to do this! He is going to say yes. You know he will! He just has to!"
Nose to nose, tit to tit, Chris said, "I sure hope so."
Kim kissed her quick then stepped back and said, "Help me get into this quick before he wakes up and spoils our surprise."
Kim took out a black lace bustier, held it in front of her and then wrapped it around, holding it until Chris took the two side and pulled them back. The bra cups were only one quarter cups, so that most of Kim's ample breast were uncovered. Kim adjusted them, then held the front close while Chris got the zipper lined up and closed up the back. It had garter straps hanging down her thighs.
Chris admired her saying, "Man, that looks better on you than it did in the catalog."
"Good... now be a good girl and get your collar on before I have to use this fucking crop on your tits!"
Chris retrieved her bag and pulled out two leashes and a collar, dropped the leashes and threaded the collar around her neck and through the buckle, centering one of the "D" rings in front.
Kim had rolled one black knee high stocking up and had another almost over her foot, when Chris pulled a black spiked heel out of a box.
"You know you might have earned a whipping for buying these shoes..."
"I know... but they look so good that I am willing to chance that..."
"You know Kim, you don't have to do this... I mean I could..."
"Just stop! I swear to god Chris..."
"All I'm saying is that I can do this myself, you don't have..."
"Not another word or so help me, I will ask him to let me beat you with that thick fucking belt. You gave yourself to me... I am going to give us, to him. Believe me, he is going to love it... "
"You look so sexy good in that get up Kim."
Kim chuckled, "This get up, looks sexy good on anybody... but thanks. I just wish I could have found a good collar to go with it. I need a place to attach the leash."
Chris picked up one of the two leashes off of the ground and turned Kim to face her. "Right here should work for tonight... just don't pull against it too much." She snapped it to the bodice at the point, right between her breasts.
"That works. Thanks."
A kiss, then Kim bent down, picked up the second lead and snapped it to Chris' collar.
"Now... are we both ready?"
"What are you going to say Kim?"
"We have been over this... I am going to offer him the ends of the leashes and ask him if he will have us and let us share his bed."
"Yes! I will... and you may."
Both of them screamed, jumped out of their skins and turned towards me while backing up. Not a long scream, but a little loud. The way Kim grabbed at her crotch, she may have even have pissed herself a little.
I stood up and started walking over to them.
"Oh my god! Fuck Jeff! How long have you..."
They both asked, neither waiting for an answer, but as I got closer I grew more menacing, and both were cowed into silence.
"You look nice Kim."
She stammered something meaningless.
"Naked suits you Chris."
I took both leashes from Kim' hand.
"So these are mine?"
"Yes..." Kim ekked out.
"Does that mean then that what is attached to them is mine as well?"
Chris nodded, still not looking up. Kim said, "Yes."
And before she could say more, I pulled her a little closer.
"I thought you were already mine..."
"I... I am... was... I am already yours, but I just wanted..."
"To put Chris on more of an even footing? To help her feel more a part of us? Not like a third wheel?"
"Yes... that's right... I"
"That's so like you Kim... thinking of others..."
Both of them relaxed a little, Kim more than Chris. But that went away quickly.
"It's too bad you don't THINK of me that way... of your SONS!"
Both of them flinched with the intensity of my voice. My hands had been reeling them in by the leashes and now my hands were inches away from the anchor points.
"How could you both be so FUCKING stupid and careless! You go to a place full of men that are dangerous to you. Looking for someone that has already abused you" looking at Chris, "and who would gladly add you to his stable!" I spit the words at Kim
Chris had tears on her face now, her shoulders shaking with fear and sobs. Kim was wide eyed and frightened.
"You both sat through a lecture about safety today and then you blithely go gallivanting into a pack of hyenas. As if it were a meadow of bunny rabbits. Do either of you know how many women go missing and get trafficked every fucking day?"
I had Chris on her tip toes... Kim was so close that she was arching her back to try and have another inch of space.
"Chris... you should know better than to ever go there alone! And Kim... what would the boys do if they their mother got taken and turned into some cum dump street whore? No! Knock it off! Both of you! The boys would be orphaned! Because I would burn this city to the fucking ground! I would be stacking bodies house high until I got you free, but by then the law would be hunting me more than they would the ones that took you.
Maybe you want that? Is that what you want? To be owned by some two bit street pimp, turned into some shabby skank, available to anyone and everyone, for a price?
Kim found a voice. "I didn't thi..."
But not for long. "No! You didn't think! Not a single fucking brain cell was firing properly when you two decided to go look for information about Charlie. What would you have done if you had found him? No... shut your fucking cock sleeve Kim. And Chris... stop fucking crying."
I had slowly backed them both up so that their shoulder blades where on a wall.
Kim said, and I was waiting for one of them to do so... "I'm sorry Jeff."
"Sorry! Sorry? What? Am I some pussy... some little fucking femboy that cares if you are sorry? I DON'T WANT YOU TO BE SORRY! I WANT YOU TO BE CAREFUL, I WANT YOU TO BE SMART!" (Quiet and strong is much more effective than loud and emotional.)
Both of my girls lost the ability to stand. Chris was hanging by her collar, Kim was being held against the wall by my hand pushing her there. I let them both sag to the floor and cry.
I breathed deep, checked in and made sure I was centered and controlled. Then with less intensity and more gentleness I said, "Sounds a little familiar doesn't it? Hit a little too close to home?"
The only answer I got was more sobbing.
I let it go on a while longer then said, "Listen to me, both of you. That specter will never darken your door again. He is no longer your problem... he is not my problem... he may, at sometime in the future, become somebody's problem again... but I doubt it. That does not mean that you two are absolved or out of danger... there are still people out there that know you Chris, so we still have to be aware and careful. We don't live in fear, but we don't live in fear because we take precautions and prepare.
Both of you cock sluts still have work to do setting boundaries on your behavior, and believe me, if you need my help in enforcing those boundaries, I will lend a hand, or a belt, as the case my be..." this actually got a smile from Chris and an irony laced chuckle from Kim.
"Honesty... communication... we are all adults. No more sneaking... you don't have to ask permission like children, but if you are hesitant to tell me about something or talk about something, then that is a good indicator that you need to do exactly that. If there is a question, believe me, it is ALWAYS better to ask permission rather than forgiveness. Are we clear on this?"
Both heads nodded.
"Alright... up we go. Both of you tarts need to get on your feet."
Kim stepped into me when she got up, but rather than console her like she wanted, rather than pat her on the head and tell her "it's alright... everything is forgiven", I spun her to face the wall and held her there while I unzipped the corset. I had helped pull Chris to her feet using the collar then let go, but she stayed anchored to that spot.
"Stay right there Kim. Don't move. Chris... take her right shoe and stocking off." I squatted and unbuckled her left one, then rolled her other stocking down and off. Kim stayed on the wall, but she stuck her ass out a little. I ran my hand up her thigh and slipped two fingers through her wet lips.
"Is there anything that doesn't get your pussy wet?"
"Not where you are concerned my oh so sexy, and virile husband..."
I slapped her ass and before I could say anything she said, "Thank you Sir... may I have another?"
Chris actually laughed out loud.
Holding one of the shoes in my hand next to Kim's head I said, "You owe me big for these shoes..."
"I am yours to command... name your price my love."
"I turned her off the wall and said, "You are dangerous..."
"I hope to ever be so..."
I turned Chris away from me and undid her collar. Everything went into a pile.
"As of now, you are both on equal footing... and it will stay that way...I want no competition between you. I just want your best... all the time, every time... what ever that looks like. We will have to go shopping..."
"Wow!" said Kim. "Alex... I'll take 'things I never thought I would hear my husband say' for 8 million please."
"Luck for you I like ass... even smart ass. Now... both of you need to go get washed up and meet me in bed. Do it right... no short cuts... but don't take forever will ya!"
Kim reached up and gave me a kiss, a wife kiss, that said, "okay, I love you, good night, see you soon". A generic kiss, but heart felt and full of love and promise. Chris scooted by me but Kim stopped her short.
"I don't know how it was with your 'other' husband, but we kiss our husband as often as we can... and especially when he has been so kind as to correct us with love and kindness, when we have acted thoughtlessly..."
Chris turned back and slipped easily into my embrace. Her kiss was less generic, but full of gratitude.
Kim took her hand and said, "Yes! Like that..." and as they turned to go Kim continued, "I think he liked that!"
I could not argue, my cock was knocking at the door, wondering why the buttons on my jeans were still in the way.