I was laid in bed still, Bill having gone to work, my fingers gently toying with my labia, thinking of what to get up to that day, when Bill called.
"I've got to go to Chicago tonight for a couple of days, to meet a potential new and important client, Jo, and I thought you'd like to come with me. I've booked us into one of the big hotels in the centre, with lots of windows you can expose yourself from. I got flights for us, though at short notice, the only one I could get is the very last flight tonight."
Wow, that sounded fun. I hadn't been to Chicago for several years, and the prospect of standing naked at the window, looking out at the twinkling lights of the skyscrapers was already getting me excited.
"That's brilliant, Bill. I'll pack for both of us, if you like."
I was going to have to rearrange my planned meeting with June, when I was hoping to persuade her to let Bill fuck her, but the prospect of a completely new audience to expose myself to was irresistible. I called June and put her off for a day, and by the time I had sorted out clothes for me and Bill to take in just a carry-on, I had a text from June, suggesting a meeting in town in three days' time, which fitted perfectly.
The flights certainly were late. It was approaching midnight when the taxi from O'Hare dropped us at the hotel, and when we walked into the room, the lights of downtown Chicago were sparkling through the floor to ceiling glass window of the bedroom. Although it was late, I just couldn't resist it.
"Come on, Bill, fuck me against the window," I said, throwing my clothes off, and pressing my naked tits, belly and pussy against the glass.
I had no idea how many people might have spotted me from the hundreds of windows within sight of our room, but the thought of lots of people watching me get fucked had turned me on in a big way. Who knew, someone might be laid in bed, then see me out of their own window, and jerk off looking at Bill ramming his cock up my cunt from behind.
The idea must of got to Bill as well, because first he stood next to me, showing off his stiff cock to whoever was watching, before pulling my ass cheeks apart, and sliding his dick up me so hard my tits were flattened against the glass, making a squeaking noise as my body was forced upwards.
"Just imagine all those people watching you Jo. Open your legs a bit more, so they can even watch my cock sliding in and out of your fucking hole, the men wishing they were me, and women dying to eat your cunt once I've come up you, darling."
Oh fuck, believe me, I was imagining alright. My cunt felt as if it was on fire, my belly full of his cock, and my tits squashed against the window, though my stiff nipples were still trying to push it away.
"Look, Jo! I can see movement at some of the windows. Wait! I think I can see the flash from binoculars or a telescope, and they must be able to see every inch of your tits and your stretched cunt, Jo."
I wasn't sure I could see what he said, but I wanted to believe it, and anyway, our out of control imaginations meant we couldn't last long. My fingers fought with Bill's for prime position on my clit, and Bill's cock was pumping in and out of me like crazy. I screamed against the glass as I came, and I felt Bill squirting his spunk deep in my vagina.
"Just stand with your legs open, Jo, and let them watch my sperm drip out of your hole," Bill whispered, after he'd pulled out of me, and moved his hands around to cup my breasts, released from their pressure against the window.
I waited while the thread of spunk grew longer, and eventually dropped on to the floor, christening the room with a little pool of white goo, just like the ones we kept leaving either side of our front door at home. Then we showered, and cuddled each other to sleep, leaving the blinds wide open.
When I woke in the morning, Bill had already left for his business meeting, but he must have ordered room service, because there was cereal, croissants and half a pot of coffee on the table in the lounge. Could I resist the lure of the window, though? Of course, I couldn't, and I ate my breakfast standing naked next to the glass, confident that some of the windows in the adjacent buildings must be offices, and there were bound to be people daydreaming and looking out.
As I imagined the bored workers wondering 'is that woman naked?', 'is she really caressing her tit?', or 'is that really her slit I can see?' I was wondering myself how to fill the whole day on my own. It was all very well exposing myself at the window, but I wanted to be closer to the people who saw me, so I could see the reaction on their faces as they saw bits of a strange woman that they definitely shouldn't be able to see.
My chance came sooner than I'd expected, when there was a knock on the door.
"Housekeeping," a woman's voice announced.
"Come in, come in," I replied, turning to face the door, to give the maid the full benefit of my naked body.
The woman was probably no more than in her early twenties, with the dark hair and skin of one of the many immigrants from countries south of the USA, and as she realised I was undressed, her face took on a look of surprise and horror.
"Oh! I'm so sorry. Sorry, I'll come back later," she mumbled, and turned to leave, but it seemed to me, not before she'd hesitated enough to get a good look at what I had on show.
"No, that's alright ..." I tried to say, but she had already closed the door.
Still, not too bad a start! I just loved the expressions on people's faces when they unexpectedly saw my tits and my pussy revealed in front of them. Perhaps a bit of shopping, first? There were bound to be some lovely shops, and a whole new set of sales assistants who wouldn't recognise me, and know what I was going to get up to.
Well, after I'd got dressed and taken a cab to one of the main shopping malls, I found that there certainly were plenty of shops with all the latest designer clothes, but they were so much bigger than at home. There were more changing rooms, but they all seemed to open only on to corridors off the sales floor, and most had solid doors. I did buy some nice things, but apart from flashing a tit or two at other women, it was frustratingly poor for my exhibitionist side.
When I went past a beauty salon, I remembered that it was about time my pussy got waxed again, and the thought of a strange woman playing with it set it tingling immediately. To my surprise, I managed to get a slot straightaway. Maybe with being such a windy city, it's also a hairy one as well?
It was a glorious feeling to get on the couch, pull everything up, and show my cunt to a woman old enough to be my mother.
"Are you sure you need waxing?" she asked, as she ran her fingers over my pubes, "it still feels pretty slick to me."
The way I'd started leaking as she touched me, it was going to feel a lot slicker if she wasn't careful.
"Yes, I just need it to be perfect. My husband's coming over with six of his buddies tonight, and it would be so embarrassing if one of them commented about my stubble when they fuck me," I replied, lying, but wishing I wasn't, and enjoying the scandalised look on her face.
In the end, she cleaned me up, and she did a top-class job of it, trimming my tight little bush, and leaving everything else smooth, without a lot of pain given how smooth I was to start with. I loved the touch of her hands as she pulled my pussy lips around, and rubbed around my asshole to check that she hadn't missed anything. I was tempted to ask her if she'd get me off. I mean, surely women who do this for living can't be immune to the attraction of another woman's vulva, can they? But she gave me a stern loom when she noticed how wet my slit had become, so I chickened out. Damn.
I had yet more frustration when I went back to the hotel and found that the room had been serviced, so I couldn't even catch that maid again. My cunt was itching and tingling as if it had been bitten all over by mosquitoes, and those big windows drew me back again. I undressed, and pressed myself against the glass, which was now warm with the sun shining on it.
I pulled myself open with one hand, and bent backwards, sliding the slippery flesh inside my gash over the heat of the window, making little squealing noises, and leaving a wet streak of my cum down the shiny surface of the glass. The other arm I waved backwards and forwards, close to the class, hoping to attract attention. Oh yes, I wanted all of those workers to spot me there, then look over as see my open cunt pressed against the window for their inspection.
When I thought I'd got as many watching me as I could, I moved my waving arm down and pulled a tit up to my mouth. I sucked hard on my nipple, then pressed back against the window, holding my breast in place. I moved my arm down further and started playing with my clit, using my fingers on it, then putting a finger on each side, rubbing the stiff, tingling nub against the hot glass. All the time, I tried to keep my lips wide open, so that anyone with good eyesight, and better still binoculars, could see up my open hole.
God, it was good: the heat from the glass against my flesh, almost too hot to bear, my nipple in my mouth, and my fingers in my cunt. I made it last as long as I could, holding myself on the edge, imagining the people in the offices taking bets with each other when I was going to come.
You'd have thought I'd have won had I been there, but you'd have been wrong. It took me totally by surprise when I came, and I banged my forehead against the glass as the intense feelings of ecstasy gripped my cunt, making me bend, my clit trying to escape the torture from the glass and my fingers,
Shit, felt my legs buckle, and I slid down the window, ending on my knees, my face against the top of a long streak of cum down the glass. It took me ages to recover enough to stand again. My first idea was to clean off the window, but then I thought how much more fun it would be for the hotel cleaner to work out how the dried-up mess got there.
However much I enjoyed coming like that, I hadn't completely got rid of my frustration, longing for a closer interaction, with more shock and surprise than when I flashed than the woman who waxed me. Still, I wasn't going to give up. I discovered that the room provided white towelling robes for use to get to the pool or spa, and matching slippers, so I took off my clothes, put on the robe and slippers, wrapped a towel over my arm, and set off to explore the hotel.
I mean, the robe just had a simple tie, so I could hardly be blamed if it came a bit loose, and bits of me popped into view, could I? Well, maybe I should have had a swimsuit underneath if I was going to the pool, but given it was on the ground floor, I thought I'd give that a miss. The good thing was that I found I could just wander along the corridor, and when I heard the elevator or a room door opening, I just had to walk towards it, and I managed a couple of good tit flashes, loving the shocked expression on the faces of the people who saw it.
However, it still wasn't quite doing it for me. I went back to the room for a pee, and then I saw a message from Bill, saying that he was going for an early dinner with the clients, so I should get myself something at the hotel. Shit, I was looking forward to getting fucked against the window again before a nice dinner with Bill in the smart restaurant at the hotel, but now it seemed I'd be on my own.
I did a bit more corridor flashing, and as I was walking towards a smart-looking couple, who were obviously going out to dinner, I dropped my towel. Somehow, in the flap of trying to pick it up without my tits falling out of the top of my robe, my belt came undone, and I managed to give them a view of my pussy as well.
"OH!" the woman gasped.
"I'm so sorry," I said, lying through my teeth, as I struggled to get myself covered again, one of my tits escaping again as I hid my pussy.
That was more like it, but I wanted more. Suddenly, I had an idea, and I don't know why I hadn't thought of it before. I went back to the room, called reception, and changed the restaurant reservation to the next night, hoping that as we were due to fly back home the next morning, Bill would have finished business and be able to join me.
Then I studied the room service menu, and called in an order. I'd been looking for a real, American carnivore's dinner for a change, and I wasn't in the mood to miss out. I ordered French Onion soup, then a beef fillet, medium-rare, with asparagus and fries, and a bottle of the best Californian Cabernet Sauvignon they had. With what I had in mind, I'd need a bit of courage from the alcohol, but maybe there'd be some left for Bill when he eventually came back.
I could barely contain myself while I waited the half-hour they said it would take, hoping that it was a guy who brought it, and one who wasn't gay. In fact, it took a bit longer before the knock came on the door, and the cry of "Room service!"
Yes! It was a man, and when I opened the door, he certainly didn't look gay. No, quite the opposite. I asked him to set everything up on the low table in front of the armchair. I'd stayed in the robe, of course, and made sure it was only tied loosely, so as I bent forward, my tits were visible, right down to my nipples.
Even better, I could see his eyes were on my breasts for as much time as he dared as he laid the table for me. I still had one trick to pull off, which I'd practised time after time while I was waiting. As I slipped in sideways to sit in the armchair close to the table, I 'accidentally' caught my robe between the arm of the chair and my hand I was using to stabilise myself.
It worked just as I'd hoped! As I moved further to position myself to sit down in the chair, my robe pulled right open.
"Oh no," I said, as I tried to look as if I'd had to sit down faster than I normally would have done, my legs apart, and my butt nearer the edge of the seat, so my cunt was fully exposed.
I was getting good at looking as if I was trying but failing to close the robe over, and when I looked up, I could see the guy's eyes drinking in the full glory of my twat. I eventually got it done, but when he handed me the check to sign, I managed to get one tit to pop out again. I didn't bother to put it back, but just looked up and smiled at the guy.
"I'll call when I've done, and you can collect your tip then. Maybe something a bit better than a few dollars. Yeah?"
I could see from the way he ran his tongue over his lips before he replied, that he hadn't missed the implication of what I had said.
"Yes, ma'am, I'd like that. But first, please enjoy your dinner."
Believe me, I did. The food was great, the wine wonderful, and the fingers of one hand in my cunt while I ate and contemplated how I'd play the guy's return were divine. Actually, the wine was so good that I drank it all, and the empty bottle gave me a wicked new idea.
I was slightly worried what Bill would think if he came back and caught me in the middle of the plan, but what the hell? He'd left me on my own, hadn't he? I called down to room service, asking for the same guy, saying I'd forgotten his tip, then I got ready. I opened the room door, and left it hooked open on the bar that will let you open the door just a little bit, then I went back to the chair, and completed my preparation.
It was considerably harder than I had imagined, and I confess I couldn't stop myself coming accidentally, as I worked at getting myself ready. In the end, though, I managed to set up the scenario my wicked mind had dreamt up. When the guy knocked, I called him in, and told him to let the door close.
I saw the disappointment in his face, as my robe was fully closed, my legs were together, and nothing that shouldn't have been was exposed.
"Did you enjoy the dinner, ma'am?"
"Yes, I did. Very much. But I seem to have had a bit of an accident with the wine bottle. Perhaps you could help me?"
I undid the robe, pulled it open, and carefully opened my legs a bit. The look on his face was beautiful, and I almost came on the spot. I'd shoved the wine bottle up my cunt, not the neck end, but the wide end, and it was sticking out of my hole, the opening stretched wide and visible. God, I felt so dirty, but so pumped up, as the guy studied my filled vagina.
A few months earlier, I'd never have even dreamt I'd be doing this, and if I had, I'd have thought it disgusting. But I was absolutely loving it.
"Yes, we always recycle our bottles, ma'am, so I'd better get it out," he said, his face full of lust, although the bulge in his pants showed that the lust wasn't just on his face, either.
He walked over to me to stand between my open legs. He grasped the bottle, and I reached up towards his belt. As he pulled the bottle out of me with a plopping noise, I unzipped his pants, and pulled his cock out. I could feel my cunt was still gaping open, and I smiled as I saw him staring up into my hole.
"Now fuck me to collect your tip," I whispered, pulling his pants and boxers down to his knees, and sliding further down in the chair.
He was a live one, alright. He dropped to his knees, and put his arms under my legs. The positioning was even better than I'd hoped. With my legs over his shoulders, his cock was at just the right height, and he rammed it up me, only stopping when his balls banged against my ass.
"Fuck me. Fuck me hard. Fuck my dirty cunt," I yelled, though goodness knows why, because that was what he was doing anyway.
I felt so alive, every inch of me feeling intensely sensitive to touch, and inside I felt that familiar feeling of everything tingling, feeling as if a series of explosions was going off between my legs, while at the same time I knew it was just the build-up to a much bigger one that would blow me apart.
God, it was gorgeous. This stranger's hands were kneading my tits like the toughest bread dough, and his cock was driving in and out of my cunt, his balls audibly slapping against my ass with each stroke. The only downside of inviting being fucked the way I had, was the risk a guy just wanted to come inside me, and didn't give a thought to getting me to come.
Still, having to do a bit of finger work myself wasn't a big chore - I loved the feel of my slit - and anyway, given the message I'd delivered in the bottle, I could hardly fail to forgive him just screwing me with all the energy he could manage, could I?
"Suck my tit, and fill my dirty little cunt with your spunk!"
I could feel him getting close, and shit, I was at the point where I could no longer control myself.
"Oh, fuck me! FUCK ME!"
I let go, surrendering my body totally to this man I'd never met before this evening. I felt the pulsations in his cock, and even before I felt his cum being pushed out of my hole as he kept pumping in and out, I knew he was filling my vagina with his sperm.
We were both panting like mad, and as we fought to regain our composure, he seemed to become all embarrassed, and shy.
"Was that a good enough tip?"
"Um ... yes ... very satisfactory ... but I need to get back, before my boss wonders where I am."
I'd had the forethought to bring a box of tissues from the bathroom beforehand, and he just wiped himself off quickly, pulled everything up, collected the tray with the empty plates and the doubly-used bottle, then disappeared while I was still catching my breath.
I lay back, just enjoying the action replay in my mind, while my fingers rubbed the spunk dripping out of my hole right along my slit. Oh yes, this was the life.
"Fucking hell, Jo, what have you been up to now?"
It was Bill, or course, who'd come in while my mind was elsewhere. He could see the wetness on one breast where it had been sucked, and even more telling, the while fluid oozing out of my cunt. So I couldn't have lied, even if I'd wanted to.
"You weren't here, darling, so I had to have room service, didn't I, though the red wine has gone to my head a bit, I confess."
"I thought room service was just food, Jo, and didn't include fucking guests when their husbands were away?"
I knew from the smile on his face and the bulge in his pants, though, that while his words may have suggested annoyance, he was enjoying the whole scenario as much as I was.
"Well, it is a five-star, full-service hotel, isn't it? Come to bed, then darling, and while you slip your cock up my spunky cunt, I'll tell you the full story of my day," I said, smiling back, then turning towards the bedroom.
By the time I got into the bedroom and on to the bed, Bill already had his own clothes off, and his cock was pulsing up and down as I opened my legs and let him see my spunky cunt again. It still amazed me that he didn't mind, no, seemed even to enjoy sliding his cock up into my vagina, full of another man's sperm, but I loved that he did.
"You're such a slut these days, Jo, but I love it, and I love you. Tell me everything, darling," he said, between kissing me, and gently stroking his cock in and out of my slippery, wet hole.
As I told him the story of my day, I had another of those blinding revelations which are obvious once you've had it, but you've never even considered. One of the challenges of being married for a long time, is that sex with the same partner can become routine, even dull, so you start not doing it so often. This certainly had happened to me and Bill. Making love had become more of an obligation than something exciting.
It was trying to reclaim that excitement, and to feel like a woman lusted after by men, that set me down the route of exposing myself deliberately, after I accidentally flashed my tit at the delivery guy. I loved people seeing my naked body, whatever their reaction, and yes, I absolutely loved being fucked by a stranger I probably would never see again. It was so much better than I'd ever imagined.
But the odd thing was, that somehow the novelty, taboo and excitement of being fucked by a stranger carried over, and when Bill fucked me afterwards, it was even more exciting and satisfying. Maybe it was just the knowledge that if he wanted me enough to fuck me with another man's spunk in me, he must really want me and love me.
And I really loved and wanted him too. It was absolutely magic, telling my husband all of the details of another man screwing me, while he was fucking me with just as much passion, and our two hands were swapping places on my tits and my clit, as we navigated each other towards our climaxes.
Oh fuck, as I described the feeling of the room service guy pumping me full of his spunk, I could feel Bill's balls clenching as they hit my ass, and he added his spunk to the load already in my vagina. As I heard the squelching noise from between my legs, and felt the cum running down to my ass, I came, screaming.
I guess the alcohol had got to me, because I was thinking that after we'd cleaned up in the shower, I'd let Bill take his turn fucking his wife's nice clean pussy, but as soon as I put my head on the pillow, I went straight to sleep.
When I woke in the morning, again Bill had already left, but this time he hadn't left breakfast for me, just a note, which read 'Love you, thought you might like to try room service again for breakfast ;)'.
God, I did love him. He knew me only too well, now: an early morning fuck would be wonderful. I called room service, ordered OJ, coffee and scrambled egg. When the knock came on the door, I undid the tie on the robe, and just let it hang open. It wasn't the same guy as the previous evening, which set me tingling even more than I was already.
I went over to the armchair, and let the robe gape open, giving the guy a perfect view of my tits and cunt. Shit, the look on his face wasn't what I wanted at all.
"Excuse me, ma'am, but you're exposing yourself. Please cover up, else I'll have to report you to the management for sexual harassment."
Fuck! All I could think of was that he must be gay, or some sort of religious fanatic. I mean, what red-blooded man would turn down an invitation like that, even if he only looked?
I ate my breakfast, trying to calm myself down. I might not have a perfect body, but I really was fuckable still, wasn't I? It was silly, looking back, but I somehow felt inadequate and ugly, like I did when I was still on the booze. I needed to expose myself again, and get a positive reaction.
I decided to try wandering the corridors again in my loosely-tied robe, and was cheered by a smile from a guy, who got an elbow in his ribs for it from his wife, when I gave them a flash of my pussy as I swept around a corner. I hadn't been that far the previous day, and was a bit surprised when I came across an entrance way.
"Back to Nature Spa' the sign above it read, 'Rejuvenate your body with full and part body massages and intensive treatments, using only natural, organic, vegan and proven technology'. Alongside was a set of pictures of men and mainly women being given massages, showing their radiant skin, and a series of quotes from satisfied customers.
Well, with a build-up like that, I could hardly resist, could I? I walked in, and when I reached a rather attractive woman in a pristine white uniform, I opened my robe, and put in my request.
"I'd like a full body massage, please. The whole works. Do I go over here?"
"Um ... well ... normally we expect you to keep your panties on, and um ... to keep yourself covered until you get in the treatment room ..."
"But it says 'Back to Nature', and what could be more natural than this," I said, completely removing my robe, and giving a twirl, just as a man in a tightly fastened robe came out of another door, getting the full benefit of what was on show.
"Well, I can only agree with you there, madam, but I don't think my wife would agree ..."
The receptionist obviously figured that this could all get out of control if she wasn't careful, and she quickly ushered me into another room, which held a large massage platform, covered with clean white towels. As she closed the door as soon as I was out of the way, another woman came in from another door at the other end.
She was also dressed in the same white uniform, with her blond hair tied back. Her steely-grey eyes looked me up and down.
"Well, I do my best ..." she said, cheeky cow. "Please lay on the table and I'll get started."
I made sure I gave her a good look at my pussy as I climbed on to the massage table, but to my disappointment, as soon as I was laid down, she put a small white towel over it.
"I understand, madam, that you want the full treatment? Yes?"
Apart from checking how much this was going to cost, which turned out to be a small fortune, I should have done a bit more research on what exactly it all entailed. First, she exfoliated me, which involved rubbing salt in jojoba oil and Aloe Vera all over me, well, all except my pussy unfortunately I thought, until I felt it scraping my flesh away as she rubbed in over the rest of me, hard. Apparently, it was some special salt collected from rock crystal in the Himalayas, but I was pretty sure that the location just upped the price, not the effect.
At the end of this, I felt as if my skin had been ripped off, even more so after she made me have a hot shower. If only I could have got my hands on her! I'd fuck her first to wipe that superior smile off her face as she inspected my naked body, then give her the same treatment she'd given me.
I had to take that back a bit, because next she wrapped me in some sort of green algae, which did take the sting away, and after another shower, she gave me a full-body aromatherapy massage. Having let my skin recover, it was no time for my limbs and muscles to get the full treatment.
I was pummelled and twisted, stretched and compressed. It was so painful on my legs that I didn't even notice how exposed my cunt was, and apparently nor did she. At least the perfume, which she assured me was all from natural, organic and vegan ingredients, was beautiful, and relaxing.
"That's wonderful," I sighed, "but it still feels tight down under my butt. Maybe you could give that a massage?"
The cold bitch knew what I meant, alright, but the only dirty thing she was prepared to give me was the look on her face, and she worked harder on my arms and shoulders, making the joints snap and click, which sounded awful, and felt worse.
Finally, she gave me a hot stone treatment, which consisted of laying heated, smooth stones over my body. As I lay there, I suddenly realised that actually my body was feeling really good. My skin was smooth and silky, my muscles were relaxed, and I smelled gorgeous. I suppose it was that feeling that was my downfall.
"Oh, doesn't Gwyneth Paltrow recommend putting this sort of stone in your vagina?" I asked, picking up one of the stones, and shoving up my cunt.
Fuck, it only felt warm on the outside of me, but it felt as if I'd put a red-hot coal inside me. I scrabbled to get it out, but it was slippery with my cum, which had been liberated by all of the massaging, and my fingers kept slipping off it.
"Come on, help me get it out," I cried at the woman, who was stood there laughing her head off, as the other stones fell off me, bouncing loudly across the tiled floor.
Once I'd got stood up, the stone slipped out of me easily, but the women made me put it in the basin and wash it. She gave me a receipt to sign, and I nearly fainted when I saw the final cost, but it had taken almost two hours altogether, and I was feeling good.
"Thank you, madam. I recommend, though, that you stay at a lower-class hotel next time, which is more used to handling women of low morals, and who don't look after their bodies. I certainly will not accept you as a customer again."
Cunt.
I was still feeling irritated when I got back to the room. I noticed a housekeeping trolley outside, and when I went into the bedroom, the maid who'd walked in on me the previous day was bent over the bed, sorting out the pillows. Her skirt had ridden up over her butt, showing me plenty of stocking-covered legs. If I couldn't find a man to fuck me, perhaps I could work my frustration off on the maid?
"Oh, I come back later," she said.
"No, no, it's fine. I just need to get changed before I go and get some lunch. I've just had one of the full works massages in the spa - what do you think?" I said, shrugging off my robe, and doing a twirl right in front of her.
The maid was just stood looking at me, her mouth open, and an expression on her face I couldn't read. Still, she hadn't dashed off, so I thought I'd move it up a gear.
"Feel, my skin is really silky now, isn't it?"
I grabbed one of her hands, and pulled it to one of my breasts, forcing her to run her hand over it and down to my nipple, which of course, stiffened immediately. Her face had gone bright red, then she looked me in the eyes, and from her expression, I could have sworn she had enjoyed touching my tit.
"Oh. Mustn't do this, ma'am. Must go."
She pulled her hand back, and turned away, almost running out of the door into the corridor. Shit, maybe she was an illegal immigrant and couldn't risk being fired, though the room service guy who'd fucked me the previous night didn't seem to be deterred.
The trouble was, that although I felt great, my skin zinging and my muscles ready for anything, my poor old pussy was feeling left out. I put on a low-cut top and a flared skirt, with nothing underneath, and went to the restaurant for a sandwich, hoping to find something to satisfy my lust as well as my hunger. I managed to flash my super-toned tits a couple of times when I leaned forward when the waiter was next to me, but he seemed too busy to pay much attention.
When I got back to the room, I was as frustrated as hell. My body felt as if it could cope with anything, and my cunt was ready to take on as many fingers, mouths and cocks as it could get, so I went back to my robe, for a bit more flashing in the corridor. Maybe I'd try the pool, I thought? Perhaps I could get away with seeming surprised that I'd forgotten my costume when I took my robe off?
I was just leaving the room, not having bothered to do up the tie on the robe, when I realised I'd left my key in the room. Shit, I tried to grab the door, but the spring closing it was aggressive, and nearly took my fingers off, so I had to pull my arm back in a hurry. Slam. The door closed.
Ah well, I thought, I'll just have to go down to reception and get another key. Not a bad thing, because I could maybe do a bit of flashing down in the lobby. As it turned out, I was about to do a hell of a lot more than 'a bit of flashing'.
As I turned to walk towards the elevator, something seemed to be holding me back. When I looked round, I could see that one side of the robe had got caught in the closing door, and was trapped. Surely, I thought, I should be able to pull it out, even if I had to tear the robe a bit?
Shit, shit, shit. The robe was caught firm, and no matter how hard I pulled, I couldn't get it to budge, not even a little. And that towelling material was a heck of a lot stronger than it looked, because I couldn't get it to tear at all.
Fuck! I supposed you think it served me right? I wanted to expose myself, and now I was going to have to. At first, I thought I'd just have to go back to the spa, and endure the censorious looks of the staff, but when I got there, it was closed up for lunch. 'Back at 2pm' the sign read, and even I didn't fancy wandering the corridor, naked, for an hour and a half or more.
No, the only option I could think of, was to go all the way down to reception with no clothes on. Of course, the prospect of lots of people seeing my naked body, especially as buffed up as it was now, set off that familiar tingling between my legs. Strong as that was, though, the fear that I'd be reported, arrested even, virtually cancelled it out.
I started trembling all over, my knees knocking together in the way I thought was nothing more than a fiction. Did I really have the courage to take the elevator all the way down, walk to the reception desk, and ask for a key? If only I'd put my phone in the pocket of the robe. Or better still, the fucking key.
I was starting to get cold under the air conditioning in the corridor, which seemed to have stepped up a notch, making my nipples stiff, and my skin come up in goose bumps. Shit, I was just going to have to brazen it out. What a story I'd have to tell Bill, though, and reliving it would likely become my favourite masturbation fantasy.
Oh, well, here goes, I thought. I walked to the elevator, and called it, standing ready to walk away if anyone was in it when it came. I couldn't believe my luck when the door opened, and the elevator was empty. I quickly turned to press the button for the lobby, looking out to check that no one was coming to get in with me. Yes, I was going to manage to get to the lobby okay, and would just have the walk to the desk!
At least, that was what I thought, until something made me turn around. Shit, I'd forgotten that the rest of the elevator was curved, clear class, with just a safety rail, so that anyone who looked up from the atrium could see me.
What was worse, was that the other elevator was moving upwards, full of people, and I got the strangest looks as they passed, and they tried to fathom why there was a naked woman in the other one. I could always say it was being filmed for one of those prank shows on cable TV, maybe?
When the doors opened, I could see there were dozens of people in the lobby, and I heard the gasps as some of them spotted me. Still, no one tried to stop me, and I discovered the one good thing about it was that I got immediate attention from the guy at the desk, who stopped checking in a couple, and asked me what I wanted.
"I know it's silly, and I'm totally humiliated to have to do this, but I left my key in the room, and my robe got caught in the door. I'm locked out, and well, I'm a bit short of clothing. Can you help me, please?"
He took his time sizing up my tits, that were rested on the reception desk, before he grabbed a master key.
"Let's take the other elevator. We can change to the guest elevator on the empty floor. Let me cover you up," he said, which having got this far wasn't really what I wanted.
However, all he did was take off his jacket and put it around my shoulders, which really didn't cover anything important at all, and I liked the way he was checking my ass out as we walked to the elevator that was close to the reception desk.
This was a fully enclosed, metal elevator, which part of me appreciated, while part of me still craved for the glass so I could be seen. However, that craving was to be more than satisfied sooner than I knew. When the doors opened, it wasn't an empty floor at all, but what seemed to be a convention centre, full of people dressed like superheroes. I saw Batmen, several Wonder Women, lots of Avengers, X-men and other strange beings I didn't recognise.
"Oh shit, I forgot about the Comic-Con event," the guy from reception muttered, and tried to steer me quickly towards the normal pair of elevators, which were way across the room.
He hadn't reckoned on the curiosity of the Comic-Con attendees, though.
"Which superhero are you?"
All of a sudden, I started tingling all over, as I realised that here I could enjoy my nakedness with dozens of other people in bizarre costumes, who remarkably, thought I was just in a rather extreme one.
"You've heard of Cat Woman? Well, I'm Pussy Woman, a sort of adult themed version. The scent of my cunt lures people to me, but it turns out that my cum is lethal, so when they eat me out, they die."
"Neat!"
"Wow, what a fantastic costume, but you could do with a better cape."
"Hey, have a feel, it's just like real skin."
"Even the nipples change, look!"
Of course, to the dismay of the guy with me, everyone seemed to want to cop a feel of this new wonder material which looked just like naked flesh.
"Yeah, they even got the lubrication realistic," I said, dragging the hand of a man dressed as Ironman to feel inside my slit, which was now very wet indeed.
"That's amazing," he said, holding up his fingers to show the moisture on them, and to my delight, a whole load of other hands fought to touch me. "Guess I'd better not taste it, though, just in case?"
Quite honestly, and I apologise to any readers of this persuasion, it just confirmed my view that maybe people who spend their time fixated on comic characters, aren't the brightest stars in the Universe, and I was pretty sure that at least a couple of the guys had never actually touched a woman's cunt before.
I could see that my guide was getting fretful, and I started to worry that maybe somebody would have a neurone fire and realise I was really just naked. Apart from anything else, all those fingers poking my vulva had really got me going, and if I took much more of it, I was going to come, which would also have been a bit of a giveaway.
"Sorry, guys, got to get to a TV interview," I lied, and the hotel employee and I headed of for the normal elevators.
After the elevator had arrived, I pressed the button for my floor, then turned to face the lobby through the glass. I was still buzzing like mad from the wonderful feeling up I'd had, and anyway, most of the people in the lobby had probably seen my cunt already, so I might as well give them a better look, hadn't I? What was great was the number of men, and even some women who were watching my naked body disappear upwards, though other women were trying to drag their partners away.
I turned to face the guy again, my pussy tingling, as I was virtually naked, in a small space with what I now realised was a younger and more attractive guy than I'd thought. Hang on, though, what was he doing with that key in the elevator panel? I soon found out, as the elevator shuddered to a halt half a floor below mine.
"Strangely," he said, "you aren't the first woman who has had the same experience. I'm happy to help, but like them, you need to pay me for it. Alright?" he said, smiling, and starting to unbuckle his belt.
"Are you serious? You mean you want me to let you fuck me? Really?"
Oh, I did hope so. We were high enough up that unless anyone in the lobby was really trying, they probably wouldn't be able to see exactly what was going on, so the only risk was from the other elevator passing by.
"Well, it's up to you entirely. If you don't want me to fuck you, then we can go back down to the lobby, and I'll explain to the other staff that you must be some sort of lunatic escaped from somewhere, who has the bizarre delusion that they are a hotel guest. I don't suppose you have any identification on you, have you? No? I suppose eventually, when your husband comes back he can confirm who you are - assuming no one has called the cops beforehand."
I'd already made up my mind, of course, and my pussy felt on fire, though my vagina was trying its best to damp it down by pumping cum along my slit. Still, no point in looking too easy, was there?
"Well, you can just kiss my ass," I said as I saw the head of his cock emerge from his boxers as he pulled them down, and I turned my back on him, exposing my front through the glass of the elevator.
Would he? He fucking would! As I bent forward, pushing my ass towards him, he grabbed my butt, pulled my cheeks apart, and lapped his tongue along my cunt, ending with a wet, tongued kiss right on my asshole. Oh fuck, this was going to be fun. I pressed my tits against the glass, pushed my ass out even more, and as I did so, the guy licked his tongue up my ass crack, right up my back, then started nibbling my ear, sending shivers through me.
Those shivers just quadrupled as I felt something touch my cunt, then his cock drove up into me, pushing me forwards, so that my belly was squashed against the safety rail. I couldn't believe it. Here I was being fucked in a public elevator with a glass wall, my tits and cunt clearly visible to everyone down in the lobby. Even I would never have had the courage to set this up deliberately.
"Fuck me harder. Fuck me, and pump my cunt full of your spunk," I yelled, though I was pretty sure that that was his intention anyway.
God, it was so exiting, so pleasurable, feeling this stranger's cock going in and out of me, his balls slapping against my ass as he drove it into me. He had managed to get one hand between my tit and the glass, and was squeezing my nipple hard, making we wince with delicious pain.
What was even better, though, was that his other arm was stretched around my hip, and his fingers had opened my labia, and were now working my clit like a French polisher trying to get a perfectly smooth finish on a table top.
I was leaking so much cum that I could feel it running down the insides of my thighs. I saw the other elevator moving down, but I was too close to coming to worry. As someone in it pointed over at us, I came, the thrill of an elevator-full of people seeing me being fucked just too much for me.
Feeling me jerking around, my body bashing against the rail and the glass, must have set the guy off as well. He was biting my neck and grunting as he ejaculated, delivering his spunk at the neck of my womb as his cock was up me so hard that he seemed to be trying to get his balls in me as well.
Once he'd squeezed every last sperm into me, he pulled out, tucked his cock back in his pants, turned the key, and let the elevator complete its journey to my floor. A wave of fear hit me, as the doors opened, revealing a young couple had obviously been waiting for it to arrive, wondering why it was taking so long.
The woman gasped, but the man just smiled, as they saw my tits only partly covered by the guy's jacket, and my naked pussy, with the rivulet of spunk and cum running down the inside of my leg. Oh God, what must they think of me? What a fucking slut, probably, but having strangers see my leaking cunt set me tingling again, and I decided just to face it out.
"Why don't you two try it? It was fantastic, much better than the Mile-High Club" I said, smiling, as the guy from reception tried to hide his face, and push me away and down the corridor.
When we reached my room, the guy used the master key to let me in, and I rescued the trapped robe.
"There. Please try to dress more appropriately, and to remember your key. But if it happens again, just ask for Don," he said, taking his jacket back.
As I got inside, it hit me just what a fantastic, unbelievable experience I'd just had. Despite the stick mess oozing out of me, I threw myself back on the bed, and burst out laughing, at the same time trying to decide whether I'd masturbate straight away, or wait for Bill to come back. The decision was taken out of my hands, though.
"Fucking hell, Jo, this is the second night I've caught you with another man's spunk dripping out of your cunt. What the hell have you been up to this time?"
"Well, give me the same incentive as last time, darling, and I'll tell you, but I want to be on top tonight."
As soon as Bill had shed his clothes, and believe me, it only took a few seconds, I pulled him down on the bed next to me. I straddled over him, watching the other guy's semen fall down on to Bill's stiff cock, before I forced it up inside me. God, he slid into me so easily. I leaned forward and kissed him, our mouths open.
"Better fuck me slowly, Bill, so we can both enjoy it while I tell you today's long story."
It was gorgeous, my husband working his cock in and out of my spunky, wet cunt, sometimes playing with my clit to keep me on edge, sometimes massaging my tits, and sometimes pulling me down so he could suck one, as I told him all about the spa, the maid, then getting locked out of the room, naked.
As I got closer to the point where the guy from reception thrust his cock into me, we were both close to coming, but I wanted to give Bill a bit more of an authentic experience. I lifted myself off Bill's cock, giving its head, wet with my cum and the other guy's sperm, a quick kiss. I straddled over him, facing towards his feet, in the reverse cowgirl position, but further up his chest, leaving a sticky white trail over it.
"Do you know what the fucking bastard did when we were in the new elevator? He pulled my butt open, and licked my asshole," I said, pulling myself open, and dropping my asshole down on Bill's face, giving him no choice. "Just like this."
I actually couldn't remember whether Bill had ever kissed my asshole, let alone licked it, and certainly not when it was coated with another man's spunk, as I could feel it was now. Oh, fuck, he didn't let that put him off, but swirled his tongue around my ring, before trying to force it past my anal sphincter. It was lovely, but not necessarily very hygienic, and I was itching to move the story on to the climax.
"It was fantastic, Bill. I'd never had my asshole licked, but it wasn't long before I felt his cock against me."
I slid down over Bill's body, adding a second trail of come down his chest and belly, until I felt his cock slide under my pussy.
"Then he just rammed his cock up me, Bill. Right into my cunt. Just like this," I said, grabbing Bill's shaft to align it with my hole, then I dropped my body down, forcing it up in me until it hit the end of my vagina. "He had my tits pressed against the glass of the elevator, and he just drove in and out of me," I continued, using my muscles to pump myself up and down on Bill's cock.
"Shit, Jo, he'd have been able to see your asshole as well as his cock stretching your snatch, the way I can now."
"Yeah, and everyone in the lobby could have seen me. Still, he when he was looking at my cunt, he wouldn't have had the benefit of seeing someone else's spunk in me like you have now, would he?"
We were both totally engrossed in enjoying each other's bodies, reliving my experience, each in our own way, and we were now really close to coming. Even so, I must have heard the knock at the door, and the maid saying 'housekeeping. Oh yes, she might run away, but she was going to see much more than just my naked body.
"C ... Come in!" I managed to gasp out, as I reached the point of no return.
As the room door opened, I pulled Bill's cock out of me with one hand, and worked my clit hard with the other, so as the maid stepped into the room, Bill came, sending ropes of spunk up and over my belly, even up to my tits. I leaned back, my body totally out of control as I came myself.
This time the maid didn't just turn and leave, but I managed to keep my eyes open enough, my body jerking around, to see her just stood there, her mouth open, a stunned look on her face, and her arms full of fresh, white towels, as the door slammed closed behind her. The knowledge that she could see my cunt still gaping open from Bill fucking me, and Bill's cock spurting spunk over me was just gorgeous. I loved people seeing me naked, but I was now loving people watching me be fucked even more.
"Come in, come in," I said, climbing off of my husband, my cunt dripping, as I put myself between her and the closed door.
"Oh. Yes, come in, we'll need those towels," Bill said, having eventually spotted the maid as I got out of the way, climbing off the bed, shooing the maid towards the bathroom, then following her, leaving his own trail of spunk across the carpet.
"It's alright. We won't say anything to the hotel, and we both like being seen," I said to the maid, who had a strange expression, probably a mixture of fear and fascination.
Bill turned the shower on, and got under the water, ignoring the maid who was collecting any used towels, and adding to the stack of clean ones. I know, I probably shouldn't have done it, but I remembered how much I'd enjoyed the janitor watching me pee, so I just sat on the toilet, legs open, and let loose my own personal Niagara.
I smiled up at the maid, who had gone bright red again, but who was now undoubtedly watching the stream of pee coming out of me, despite trying to look as if she wasn't. I stood up, ran a finger along my slit, picking up my cum, the hotel guy's spunk, and a little of my pee, then I collected a good blob of Bill's cum off my tit.
"Why don't you come back later? Bill and I are sure to fuck again after dinner, and we'll need more towels," I said, touching my finger on the tip of nose, transferring the blob of mixed fluids to it.
She looked at me with another of her unreadable expressions, but she didn't object, nor immediately just wipe the mess off her nose, which encouraged me to go further. "Or maybe when you're off duty?"
Not for a minute did I think she actually would. I mean, she was probably twenty years younger than either me or Bill, and while her looks were pretty ordinary, I had no doubt that she could get as much action as she wanted with people her own age. As the maid left with the dirty towels, I joined Bill in the shower.
"I love you, Bill. You didn't mind me letting the guy fuck me, did you? Let's just have a great meal, then you can fuck me again, and this time it will be just the two of us."
We finished our shower, I put on the good dress I'd brought with me, and Bill put on a jacket and tie. When we got to the lobby, I pointed out the guy who'd fucked me, and to my embarrassment, Bill walked right over to him. The guy's face was a picture, as he must have imagined Bill was going to have a go at him.
"Thank you so much for helping my wife out of her bit of trouble," he said, "she's a slutty bitch, isn't she? But I do love her."
The guy just stood there, his mouth gaping open as I blew him a kiss, and then arm-in-arm Bill and I walked over to the restaurant. Once again, I realised how well matched we were, both of us getting a thrill from knowing that I'd let another stranger penetrate me, and leave his seed inside me.
"We should have the same as you had last night, darling. It sounded good, and tonight I want to fuck you the way the room service guy did yesterday, and I'm dying to see the empty wine bottle up your cunt."
So that was what we did. For once, we didn't touch, both of us knowing that I was naked under my dress, so Bill could have touched me, kissed me, or fucked me wherever and whenever he wanted to. Not that I'd stopped loving exposing myself to other people, but I was just still riding the wave of excitement from everything that had happened in what was less than forty-eight hours previously.
"Come on, Jo, get the bottle up you," Bill said, as soon as the elevator door closed, after he'd signed the check, and I'd said I wanted to keep the empty wine bottle.
There was no way I could get the thick end up me stood up, without lube, but I let him pull my dress up, and shove the neck as far into my cunt as he could manage. Ah well, so much for not exposing myself, I thought, as we passed the other elevator, and saw the couple inside spot my exposed pussy, with Bill pushing the bottle into me.
"You sit in the chair the way you did last night, and I'll get the lube from the bedroom," Bill said, after we'd got to the room.
I'd got rid of my dress, and saw streaks of red wine down the inside of my thighs, where we hadn't washed the bottle out before Bill put it up me. Better go and wash it, I thought. I was just getting up to take it to the bathroom, when Bill came out of the bedroom, no lube in his hands, but the most lascivious look I'd ever seen on his face.
"Jo, come in the bedroom ... we've got a surprise waiting for us."
I put the bottle down, and walked over to the bedroom. Fucking hell, I didn't expect that.
"You did say to come back, Mrs Lowenstein? I did get it right, didn't I?"
It was the maid, and given she was laid on her back in the middle of our bed, naked as the day she was born, but with her legs open, displaying a cunt that was anything but. Her labia were huge, and were dark brown, the same colour as her large areolas, and her nipples that were as stiff and wide as sticks of liquorice. And, I imagined, even nicer to suck.
Her pubic hair was lush, as black as the hair on her head, but much curlier, but she had shaved between her legs, so her cuntlips were fully exposed, looking totally obscene, but totally beautiful.
"Oh, God yes. I've wanted you since you first caught me naked ..."
"... and so have I, since you caught me fucking Jo earlier ..."
"... and there's nothing more I'd like now, than to watch my husband's cock going in and out of your cunt while I eat it, and you lick your tongue over my clit ..."
"Well, you'd better both get over here quick, else I'll start without you," the maid said, grabbing a tit with one hand, and pulling her labia open with the other, giving us a gorgeous flash of the brilliant pink inside of her gash, before they closed over her fingers rubbing her clit.
Bill had somehow lost his clothes already, and I could see from the way his stiff cock was beating time, just how much he wanted to fuck this woman, as it pulsed up and down in front of us. What surprised me, though, was just how much I wanted to touch and suck that sticky, smelly mess a woman has between her legs.
I'd fucked Peggy, or course, but that surely came from a combination of the special relationship between and artist and their model, and me trying to groom her so that she'd let Bill fuck her, the first time a man's organ would enter her. But yes, I really wanted to put my fingers up this naked maid, to squeeze and kiss her luscious tits, and most of all to lock my mouth over her clit while Bill pumped in and out of her.
So much for a quiet, one-on-one session of lovemaking with my husband! All this took only seconds to go through my mind, but still Bill managed to get to her first. He knelt on the bed next to her, his fingers joining hers inside those amazing pussy lips, giving me another flash of pink. He bent forwards, kissing her on the lips, their mouths obviously open, and their tongues exploring inside like lovers, rather than a maid and a hotel guest.
Mind you, the way she had grabbed his cock and started stroking it was definitely not part of her normal maid's duties, either. I needed to get my share of her before I lost out too much. I got on the bed on the other side of her, and given she and Bill's fingers were occupying her clit, I just slid two fingers up into her hole.
Fuck, it was wet! And it smelt gorgeous, like a spicy Mexican fish taco, and I knew that I was going to love the taste of it. But I was going to make myself wait for that. First, I wanted her tits. I bent my head over, and closed my mouth over her almost black areola. I sucked on her amazing stiff nipple, closing my teeth on it, and nibbling just enough to make her flinch, but not to hurt.
I was going to have to get some cunt action, but before I could grab her hand from her own pussy, I felt her fingers opening me up, and exploring the length of my slit, which was wet, but a whole lot cleaner than when she'd seen it earlier.
It was the first time that Bill and I had been involved in a threesome, and as my fingers touched his inside the maid's vagina, I felt a massive belt of energy surge through me. Fuck, we both had our fingers inside another woman, who was also playing with my clit and his cock.
I felt Bill moving around, and then his fingers pulled out of the maid's hole, leaving me exploring the warm wetness inside her. But not for long, because after a few seconds, I felt something else invading her cunt. Oh God, it was Bill's cock, and he was pushing it into her while my fingers were still up her as well.
"Oh God, Jo, my cock's in another woman's cunt, but I can feel you in her as well. It's fucking wonderful," Bill whispered, though given the maid's face was between our heads, she must have heard anyway.
I let her tit fall out of my mouth, then grabbed her hair with my spare hand. I pulled her head towards me, kissing her as deeply as I could, as I could feel her body being rocked backwards and forwards as Bill pistoned in and out of her, my fingers touching his cock inside her.
I was so full of excitement and pleasure, that I just wanted everything at once, to kiss her mouth and her pussy at the same time, for example, yet to have her eating me out as well, and I struggled to make a decision what to do next. Oh shit, I just had to watch my husband's cock stretching the maid's cunt, though, and I released my grip on her, and wriggled myself around on the bed.
I'd seen women being fucked in pornos, but it just hadn't done justice to the view in front of me. Each time Bill pulled out of her, he dragged her vaginal opening outwards, showing a beautiful, stretched circle of bright pink tissue. At the same time, her gorgeous dark labia flapped open like bat wings, revealing the stiff orangey-pink clit, before they slapped back together, as my husband's dick drove into her, trying to force the opening of her hole up inside her.
I could feel cum gushing out of me as I watched the most beautiful sight I'd ever seen, my husband fucking another woman close up. My pussy was now only inches away from the maid's face, and she must have smelled and seen my cum. She grabbed my top leg, pulled it up over her shoulder, and buried her face in my over-excited cunt.
She forced her tongue up into my vagina, then licked along my gash, seeking for the rigid stub of my clit, and when she found it, she ran her tongue round and around it, sending me wild, the glorious pleasure radiating right through my body.
While I was loving the sight of Bills' cock going in and out of her, the combination of her mouth on my cunt, and the almost overpowering fish taco smell coming off hers, just got too much for me. I pushed my head between her legs, getting slapped on the back by Bill's balls as he rammed up her again, but managing to get my mouth over her unbelievably large, dark flaps which filled my mouth.
I sucked, then nibbled those lovely labia, swallowing down the cum that was clinging to them, tasting even more delightful that the aroma had suggested. I wiggled my tongue around, trying to push it between her lips to reach her clit, which I'd watched earlier. Yes! I managed it, her lips seeming to cuddle against my tongue, as I ran it around her clit, getting jolted around every time Bill drove into her, forcing my head hard against her.
It wasn't helping the maid keep her mouth locked to my cunt either, but Bill must have spotted the problem, and put his arm over my leg, locking it in place by putting two fingers into my hole and gripping down. Fucking hell, the maid's mouth on my clit, and my husband's fingers inside me, took me right to the edge of coming, but I used all of my self-control not to come before Bill.
I stepped up my sucking and licking on her clit, feeling the rhythm of Bill's thrusts changing, making me think that any moment he was going to inject his sperm into the maid's cunt. I thought nothing could ever feel any more delightful, but then I felt the maid's fingers sliding over my butt. A finger pushed into my asshole. Was it a deliberate decision, or just out of my control? Either way, everything seemed to go black, as my climax hit me like an F5 tornado, taking my breath away, and trying to throw my body like a rag doll across the room.
Fortunately, the maid and Bill's fingers in my holes anchored one end of me, and I clung on around their bodies which were interlocked with Bill's cock deep in her cunt, feeling Bill's balls against the side of my face pumping spunk into her. As it flowed out of the head of his cock, his final thrusts were squeezing it back out around her opening, and increasingly I could taste it as it ran along her slit into my mouth.
Oh God, it was the first time I'd tasted Bill's semen as it came out of another woman's hole, and with the maid's tongue still working my clit, and her and Bill's fingers in me still, I came again, even before I'd properly recovered from my first climax. It was absolutely wonderful. I was so pleased that at last Bill had managed to fuck another woman, and that I was there to watch and join in.
"Thank you, but must go home," the maid said, as we pulled apart.
She dashed into the bathroom, and I assume she must have wiped herself off as I heard the toilet flush. Then she came out dressed, and shot out of the door, leaving me and Bill naked on the bed.
"Well, was being up someone else's cunt as good as you'd imagined?"
"Believe me, Jo, it was even better. Thank you. I really do love you, and I'd never have even dared to imagine that we'd fuck a woman together."
"Well, let's make sure it's not the last, eh, Bill? Kiss me, though, taste her cum on me."
Bill kissed me, using his open mouth to draw in the maid's cum. For an instant, I started to worry that now Bill had fucked someone else, maybe he wouldn't want me anymore, especially if I persuaded June to let him have her. But then I knew my fears were stupid, as I felt Bill's sticky cock start to stiffen against my belly, and I broke the kiss.
"Oh, you do still want your boring old wife, then?"
"Of course I do, don't every doubt it, Jo," he said, as I opened my legs and let him slide his cock up me, carrying the maid's cum deep inside me. "I've always loved you, but now you've become such a gorgeous whore. You keep surprising me with the dirty things you come up with, and I love you more than ever, you slutty cunt, Jo."
"I love you too, Bill. I may be a slutty cunt, but I'm your slutty cunt. Let's just make love the way we said we would."
We rolled around on the bed, kissing, running our hands over each other's bodies, Bill slowly, but deeply, pumping himself in and out of me. It was fantastic, every bit as good as the first times we'd made love when we were little more than kids, and sex was still something new. Eventually, we were both close to coming, when Bill pulled back, and looked me in the face.
"God, Jo, I'm going to come again, but is it your cunt or the maid's I'm going to be filling, darling?"
"You fucking bastard, Bill," I gasped, as the thought that he was imagining he was fucking the maid again, sent me over the top. "But it's the hotel guy in me again, darling, not you," I managed to add, making him come. We held each other close, as we enjoyed each other, but imagined our partner was someone else.
When we showered, Bill reminded me that our flight was early the next day, so even though I was up for it again, we just went to sleep when we got into bed. Bill had come three times, anyway, so maybe he'd just have had to watch me masturbate, which wasn't quite as much fun. Still, as I went to sleep, I was thinking about the session with Peggy the next day, and how I could persuade her to give her overdue virginity to my husband.
When we got home the next day, Bill went straight into the office after I'd reminded him that he needed to be back early. I didn't tell him why, but let him think that as the weather was good, we'd eat early then have a walk out by the stadium where the janitor had fucked me.
By the time he'd gone, I barely had time to prepare the sun lounge for me to pose for Peggy to paint me. For some reason we'd bought a bed settee in there, maybe with some thought that the girls might start a family, and everyone might want to come together for Christmas. Whatever the reason, it worked well as a pedestal for me to pose on, but more importantly meant that when Bill came home and caught us, as I planned, he'd have a soft surface on which he could screw her. Hopefully.
"Hi, Jo. I see you're ready for me," Peggy greeted me, and I opened the door naked. "Did you have a good time in Chicago?"
Oh boy, did I, but we weren't close enough - yet - for me to tell her the full story. "Yes, thanks, Peggy, but I'm raring to get going again on your picture," I said, giving her a big kiss.
"What are you doing, Jo?" she asked, as my hands were starting to undress her. "You're the nude model, and I'm the painter."
"Oh! But I thought we'd agreed that you being naked as well would give you extra inspiration. Picasso, remember?" I said as I completed opening her blouse, and was reaching around to undo her bra, though with tits as small as hers, I still didn't understand why she bothered with one. "And we fucked each other, didn't we?"
"I ... I thought that was just a one-off moment of madness, Jo ..."
"Don't be silly, Peggy," I replied, pulling off her blouse and bra, then pressing my larger, softer breasts against her tiny tits, but feeling her stiff nipples against mine. "If you're not going to get naked, and you don't let us fuck again, then you can forget about me modelling, Peggy."
As I spoke the last few words, I was pulling her skirt and panties down. My face was right next to her pussy, and the delights of the triangle of black hair, the aromatic scent coming off of her, and the dark pussy lips showing between her legs came back to me. I'd thought her labia were large, but in fact the maid in the hotel had even bigger ones. Not that it did anything to stop the tingling between my own legs, and my determination to have sex with this tiny, older woman again.
"If you're sure, Jo ...", she started to say, but I shut her up by standing up again, pressing myself against her, putting my tongue in her mouth, and my lips against hers.
When I let her go, the look on her face suggested that the feeling of our bodies touching hadn't been all that unpleasant, but she clearly wanted to get on with things. "Come on, then, let me get started, Jo. We'll have to see what happens, whether we've got any time for sex."
We walked into the sun lounge, and as Peggy set up her easel, and prepared her palette, I took my position on the bed, making sure that my slit was as visible and open as it had been in the previous sessions.
The thing was, though, that while I hadn't lost any of the enjoyment of someone looking at my private parts, after the excitement of the janitor, and even more the hotel in Chicago, just posing had lost some of its novelty. My mind started to wander, and every time I looked at Peggy's pussy, the sight of her dark lips reminded me of the hotel maid.
And when I thought of the hotel maid, I couldn't stop thinking about having her cunt in my mouth, the first woman I'd ever eaten. I loved the taste of her, but the perfume that had reached me from between Peggy's legs was different, and I just couldn't stop imagining my mouth on Peggy's vulva, and wondering about the flavour of her cum. Eventually it became too much for me. I needed to stretch my legs anyway.
"That's amazing, Peggy," I said walking over to her to study the canvas, and it was. "But it's payback time now."
I grabbed her arms, and steered her over to the bed.
"Have you ever eaten another woman's cunt? No, of course you haven't - but you're going to now."
I pushed against her shoulders, making her fall back on the bed as it caught the back of her legs.
"No, Jo, it's too embar..." she started to say, until I cut it off by throwing my leg over her, and dropping my pussy down on to her face.
Clearly, I was going to have to teach her how to do it. "Open me up, and lick my clit like this."
I pulled her legs apart, enjoying the thrill of seeing the full glory of her cunt for the first time, her dark ears fading in colour as they narrowed down, as they passed her hole. Her aroma was gorgeous.
Peggy's mouth had stalled on my pussy, just kissing my labia nervously, so there was absolutely no reason to delay. I pushed the fingers of both hands into her gash, and pulled her open.
Shit, I could hardly believe what a beautiful cunt she had to look at, and when I licked my tongue along the salmon-pink of her slit, she tasted just as beautiful. A touch of mild taramasalata, a dash of barbeque sauce, and a hint of the bite of wasabi, so different from the maid. Given that I tasted differently myself, I realised that not only was there an amazing diversity in the way vulvas looked, but also how they tasted.
"Get your tongue up my hole, then over my clit," I said, pulling back, before taking my own instructions on Peggy's twat.
Thankfully, once she'd got going, just like last time, she really seemed to get into it, copying the movements of my mouth and tongue on her vulva on mine. We rolled around as our tongues tried to devour each other's cunts, managing only to swallow cum, but sending our arousal levels soaring as our slits and clits were given a thorough rubbing.
Peggy was so light, I could easily lift her on top of me. I soon discovered what a bad idea that was, though, as being so much shorter, we couldn't both keep our mouths on the messy gash we wanted to, so we alternated to me being on top, then laying side-by-side. It was only the second time I'd made a meal of another woman's hole, and the third time I'd played with another woman at all, but it seemed to be better than ever.
I could hear Peggy groaning against my pussy as I dragged my mouth backwards and forwards along her cunt, sucking on her clit, and pushing my tongue up into her vagina. She was perfectly keeping pace with me, so when she came, I did too. Oh fuck, it was wonderful, the warmth and wetness between my legs, and the release of my climax, made it feel as if I'd pissed myself, but I hadn't. That delight was for another day with Peggy.
We rolled around on the bed, gasping for breath as our bodies threw themselves about, and our muscle spasms forced the other's head hard against out twats, making breathing impossible.
Too late, I realised that I was right on the edge of the bed, and the next second, I landed on my back, Peggy on top of me. Peggy climbed off me, and when she stood up, her face was flushed, but she looked more embarrassed than excited.
"What's up, Peggy? Didn't you enjoy us eating each other's pussies?"
"Um ... maybe ... well, yes ... but we need to get back to painting ... and I think we need to stop this disgusting behaviour. I'm not a lesbian, Jo, and you've got a husband and family - yes, I can see a man lives here, and I assume the pictures are your daughters - so this relationship can't go anywhere, even if I was."
"Come on, Peggy," I said standing up to face her, "you dedicated your life to caring for your mother, but now you're free. You've got no ties, no family to worry about, so you can do what you like. When my girls left, I got really depressed, but after I accidentally show my tit to a delivery guy, I discovered that exposing myself made me feel complete again, worthwhile, even if it was only as an imaginary fuck.
"I could see straight away that you are going to become a famous painter, and I want to become your famous model, who everyone knows was inspired the painter through sex, like Picasso's models. Are you really going to tell me that you didn't enjoy having your fingers up inside me last time, and licking my cunt and drinking my cum this time? Isn't that a good enough relationship for both of us, Peggy?"
Peggy just stood looking at me, her mouth open, and her face still covered with my cum, as a range of expressions flitted across her face. As I watched, it hit me that actually the relationship I wanted with her was more than that. To start with she'd been just an excuse to get a thrill from posing for her, but I found I really liked her, perhaps was even starting to love her a bit.
I loved her tiny little tits with their tight, dark nipples, which were going up and down as she breathed deeply, struggling with her emotions. I loved her skinny body, and especially that wonderful, dark, spicy hole up between her legs.
I wasn't a lesbian either, but she wasn't just a one-off thrill, like the maid in Chicago. No, I wanted to fuck her regularly. I'd always intended that Bill would fuck her, and even though he'd got on the scoreboard with the maid, as it were, I was now even more determined to see his cock sliding up inside her.
"Oh. Well, you're right about one thing, Jo. I am determined to become a well-known painter. For some reason I can't explain, I seem drawn to the female nude, and it's true, you do seem to inspire me, because you just have no shame about showing even the most private bits of your body to me, or the rest of the class."
I guessed that was just about enough acceptance, grudging though it was, but then she spoke again, and this time with a smile on her face.
"So, I suppose if I have to let you fuck me, then it's a price worth paying. Get that gorgeous cunt back on display, Jo."
Oh yes, that was a lot better. At least I'd have something to work with, but I was going to have to get a move on if Peggy was ready to let Bill fuck her, when he turned up in just a couple of hours' time. I got back in position, and Peggy started to paint. I kept quiet for a while, then I started working on her again.
"I was the first woman you made love to, then Peggy?"
"Yes, the first and only, Jo."
"And you've never had a man?"
"No. I let a few boys kiss me and touch me up a bit, but they seemed to lose interest when they found my tits weren't much bigger than theirs, and I certainly wasn't going to let them touch me down lower. I should have gone to university, and who knows what would have happened then, but Mom and Pop had the car crash before I got there, and that was the end of my sex life, such as it had been."
"Be honest, Peggy. You did enjoy us fucking, didn't you? I know I did."
"Oh, alright. Yes, I did, Jo."
"So, given you didn't know you would, don't you think you'd like to try a man fucking you?"
"Well ... maybe it would be fun to find out ... but I'm still a virgin, and I'd be frightened it would hurt, and I'd hate it. Anyway, what sort of man would want me, and I don't think I could stand the embarrassment if they turned me down, or I had to stop them."
I knew a man who would want her: my husband. But she was right, her cunt was really tight. I should probably have thought a bit more about that earlier, but I wasn't ready to give up yet.
"You said you'd masturbated, Peggy, but didn't you ever use a dildo or a vibrator?"
"I thought you were supposed to be my model, Jo, not my doctor or something. It's embarrassing to talk about this. In fact, I didn't even do it very often, as Mom could need me at any time, day or night. She caught me in the middle once, and it was so humiliating, as I'm sure she knew what I was doing."
I understood that, alright, but not with my own mother, who thought that all sex was full audience participation, but when I walked in once on my elder daughter. I got a quick flash of her pubes before she got the sheet over her, caught her scent, and noticed the moisture on her fingers, as I apologised for bursting in, wondering what the noise was. I wanted the ground to open up and swallow me, but she didn't seem anything like as embarrassed as I was.
"But no, I never used anything like that. I didn't have enough courage to go and buy one, and I was afraid I'd catch something if I used something from home."
"Like a cucumber, maybe?" I said, my brain full of the beautiful image of Peggy sat back on a chair, smiling at me, and ramming a cucumber up her cunt.
"Don't be silly, Jo. I was thinking more of a candle, maybe."
That was an even better picture that came into my mind, Peggy in the same position, but with a massive ecclesiastical candle, feet long and inches across, stretching her dark lips and paler vaginal opening even more than the cucumber. Still, it was enough to give me an idea.
"Well, we don't have any candles: fire risk and everything. Anyway, I'll shut up and let you concentrate into finishing the painting of me in a way that everyone who sees it ends up lusting after me."
I might have been in frozen pose mode, but my brain was working overtime, playing out different scenarios. I was now beginning to learn when Peggy thought she'd done as much on the painting as she could. A bit sooner than expected, she started to give me all of the signs that she was shortly going to stop, and there was no way I could let her go before Bill got home.
"Sorry, Peggy, I need a pee. I'll just nip upstairs to the bathroom, and then I'll get back in position, and you can carry on until you're finished.
"Actually, Jo, I think I pretty much am ..."
"Great, we can have a cup of tea, then, before you go," I said, shooting off upstairs before she could reply.
I did have a pee - well, never hurts to empty out before you're desperate, does it? - but my main reason for going was to grab a couple of my dildos, the bigger one for me, and the one I reckoned was about the same size as Bill's cock for me to use on Peggy. And, of course, a bottle of lube.
"It's time for a bit more relationship pay-off, Peggy," I said, skipping towards her, a dildo in each hand, my breasts bouncing energetically. "I want to fuck you again. We've done fingers and mouths, so now you can try a toy for the first time."
"No, Jo ... I need to pack up and get home ..."
She changed her mind almost instantly, though, when I turned to smaller dildo on, and pushed it up against the front of her slit.
"Uh ... fuck ... that's ... uh ..."
"... wonderful, is the word you're looking for, Peggy. Here, let's go over to the bed, and you can try this on me."
I lay back on the bed, my legs open, waiting for Peggy to turn on the big dildo, which I knew would get me aroused really fast.
"Kneel beside me, Peggy, and put a bit of lube on it first. That's right, and put a bit on this one as well. Then just press it gently against my clit."
Peggy lubed up the two dildoes, and tentatively touched it against the front of my slit. I pushed her legs further apart, and started to use the smaller dildo on her, slipping it in between her labia, and slowly moving up and down her gash, taking my time when I found her clit.
"You can do it a bit harder, Peggy. Aagghhh ... that's good ..."
"But Jo, you could never get this big thing up in your vagina, surely?" she asked, looking worried, but her body starting to twitch around as the dildo in her slit started to get her going.
"Of course, I can. I got two babies out through it, so that would be nothing." And nowhere near as tricky as the wine bottle had been. "But you don't really need to get it in you, as most of the stimulation comes from the clit. Oh fuck, Peggy, that's right, just run it round and around it. Fuck!"
It was lovely. I mean, how could it not be? This gorgeous, tiny, sexually inexperienced woman manipulating my cunt with a vibrating sex toy? But I was deliberately going over the top with my cries, as I wanted to keep Peggy's mind on what she was doing to me, so while I took her to a climax with the other dildo, the next part of my plan would take her by surprise.
"Oh fuck, Peggy, that's wonderful, and aren't you getting excited with me doing it to you as well?"
Stupid question, really, because her breath was coming in irregular gasps, and I was having to work at keeping the dildo in her vulva as she was wriggling around so much. When I felt her close to the edge, I stopped sliding the vibrator along her slit, and just worked it across her clit. I was getting close myself, but my plan probably wouldn't work if I came before her.
"Aagghh!" Peggy yelled, as she came, the vibrating plastic penis having worked the first part of its magic.
Shit, I was starting to come myself, but I managed to keep control for a few seconds, just enough to slide the dildo along her cunt, and ram it up her hole as hard as I could.
"Ow! Fuck, Jo, what have you done to me?"
I couldn't answer for a while, as the extra thrill of managing to get a husband-sized toy into her vagina supercharged my climax.
"Fffffffffffuck!" I screamed, rolling around on the bed, enjoying the continuing arousal from the vibrating dildo between my legs, which Peggy had obviously forgotten about in her concern about what I'd done to her.
When I got myself back under some sort of control, Peggy had pulled the dildo out of her cunt, and was laid back on the bed, panting.
"Look, Peggy. No blood. Clearly your hole is able to stretch far enough already to take a normal-sized cock."
"You fucking bitch, Jo. You did that deliberately, didn't you?"
"Of course, I did, Peggy. You'd never have got up enough courage to try it yourself, would you? And if you did still have any hymen left, it's better to just get it over quickly anyway. It might have hurt that time, but next time it won't."
"There won't fucking be a ne ... Oh!"
I didn't give her a chance to object, but simply drove the dildo back into her, before she had time to close her legs together.
"Leave it in you, Peggy. Just kneel next to me, and use the big one on me. You don't have to worry about being fucked by a man now, but just watch what you can do with a bit more practice. Turn it on, and rub it around my clit."
Peggy picked up the big dildo, and after setting it vibrating again, she touched it on my clit. Shit, it was like an explosion going of inside me, as the intense feelings surged up through me. There was just something about this petite woman, with her tiny tits, dark hair, nipples and pussy lips that I loved. I reached up, putting my hand around her neck, pulling her down towards me. I put my other hand up between her legs, and started rubbing her clit, while I forced my tongue onto her mouth.
"What are you doing to me, Jo? I never knew it was possible to feel this way. I knew I wanted to paint, and loved the look of the female body, but I never expected the model to turn me into a lesbian," she panted after we broke the kiss.
Little did she realise that I was still running the plan which would make her anything but a lesbian.
"Use your fingers, Peggy, and ram the dildo up my hole. Just get on with it, else I'll stop playing with you and do it myself."
I loved the sensation of having the opening of my vagina stretched wide, though what was getting me so aroused was Peggy's fingers on my clit. God, what made it much better, though, was the look on Peggy's face as she watched my hole parting wide to admit the buzzing dildo she was forcing into my cunt.
I grabbed the dildo in her, and started sliding it backwards and forwards along her slit, then forcing it back into her, stirring it around to stretch her out. Peggy might have been concerned about getting the big dildo into me, but it seemed she'd completely got over it, as she was ramming it in and out of me, making my whole body jerk every time it hit the top of my vagina.
"FUCK!" I yelled, as the combination of her fingers and the dildo seemed to make my cunt explode apart, as I came again. I pushed the smaller dildo up her as far as I could, and pressed hard on her clit, so that seconds after I came, she did as well.
We lay against each other, gasping for breath like fish out of water. "Hell, Jo, that was wonderful. I'm surprised that Picasso ever got any painting done at all, if fucking his models was as good for him as fucking mine is to me," she said, snuggling into me, then kissing me on the mouth
"You think we make a good pair, then Peggy? Wouldn't you like to get screwed by a man, though, now you know your cunt could take it?"
"Hmm. Well, maybe, but I still can't believe that any man would want a little, old, flat-chested woman like me."
I wasn't quite sure when Bill was going to get home, and I guess I'd missed the sound of his car as I was coming, but his timing couldn't have been better. The thing was, that although I'd told him he should come home early, I hadn't explained why, so the surprised look on his face wasn't faked.
"Shit! What the hell are you doing here? It's that other painter from the class, Jo, isn't it?" Peggy screamed, trying to cover her tits with one arm, and her pussy with the other.
"That's Bill, my husband, Peggy. And you'd love to fuck her, wouldn't you, darling?"
"Yes, and it seems only fair, Jo. I've had to put up with you letting all sorts of people look at your naked body, then you made me watch another man fuck you, and now I've pretty much seen you fuck another woman. So, I think it's about time you had to watch me screw someone else, darling, don't you?" he said, unzipping his pants, and pulling out his cock, leaving it throbbing, pointing right at Peggy. "Pull her arms away, Jo, and let me look at her."
"Just say 'Gaugin' and we'll leave you alone,. Promise," I whispered in her ear. Well, we couldn't actually rape her, could we? I wanted to become her famous model, and if I went too far, that was never going to happen. I held my breath, as I sensed Peggy was about to speak, convinced she was going to use the safe word, and my plan would have failed totally.
"No! No! Jo, please," Peggy exclaimed, as I grabbed her arms, intending to let my husband see her tits and cunt. "I can't bear him to see my stupid little tits and my horrible little body."
I smiled internally, as it registered that she hadn't taken the option to get away. I pulled her arms apart, Peggy making a good show of resisting, as her dark nipples crowning her tiny breasts emerged, then her blackness of her pussy hair and lips. Oh, the little minx! She was kicking her legs around, completely pointless as a way of escaping, but giving Bill glimpses of the full length of her slit.
"Oh, it's not horrible, it's ..."
"Don't you dare say small but perfectly formed, Bill. That's what my parents used to say when they realised that I wasn't growing or developing like the other kids in my class. Please, Jo, please just let me cover myself up and go home."
Bill had an uncertain look on his face, but I mouthed 'It's OK, she's pretending' to him. He got the message, starting to take his clothes off.
"Pull her legs open, Jo, and let me see her cunt," Bill said, attempting a snarl, and almost making it.
"No, not my cunt! Please!" Peggy yelled again, but kicking her legs against my hold, not enough to escape, but enough to give Bill a glorious view of her slit opening and closing as her legs moved.
Bill was stood drinking in the view of her cunt, which I wished I could have seen, his cock pulsating away, hard as rock. I'd more or less managed to pull Peggy over on top of me, her back pressed against my front. She kept making of a show of trying to get away, while actually she let me get my arms over hers, pinning them down, and I stretched forward and grabbed her ankles. I pulled back, forcing her to bend her knees, and I pulled them as wide apart as I could, so I knew that Bill could see every detail of her gash, and that her asshole was fully exposed.
"There you are, Bill. Aren't her holes lovely? Ram your cock up her tight little vagina. She can take it, but no man has been in her before, so she's really a virgin."
God, Bill had a look of lust on his face, even more than when we fucked the maid in Chicago, and although he'd only given his cock a few strokes, I could see a trail of precum glistening over its head.
"You might be a virgin, but you're still a cunt, aren't you Peggy?" I whispered into her ear, as she jerked, letting out a little cry, as Bill's cock forced its way between her dark pussy lips, and into her vagina. "Ha, not even a virgin now, are you? You're going to make me famous as your model, and we'll give you all the inspiration you need, fucking you over and over."
"It's you that's the cunt, Jo. Aagghh!"
Her cry came as Bill started pumping harder and faster into her, as he felt her hole lose its tightness, as it stretched around his shaft.
"Grab those gorgeous tits, Bill, else I'll drop her legs and take them myself."
Damn, he did, so I had to content myself with bending my head over her face, and giving her upside-down kisses, covering her lips, cheeks, nose, eyes and forehead, my head banging against my husband's, as he stepped up the pace of his fucking, using one of his hands on her clit. It was awkward, but I knew that Bill wouldn't last long inside this beautiful little woman, so we wouldn't have to tolerate it for more than a few minutes.
"Fuck her hard, Bill. Fuck her tight little cunt, then fill it with your spunk."
Peggy was now just groaning, against my kisses. I could feel her and my husband both getting close, though I was feeling a bit left out. I broke the kiss, and looked into my husband's face, inches in front of mine.
"Aaaahhh, Jo, I'm going to come in her," he gasped, looking into my eyes, but his brain filled with the sensations of his cock in Peggy's cunt, and his hands on her tight little breasts.
"OH FUCK! FUCK!" Peggy screamed up into my face, as she came, knowing that a man was filling her cunt with his seed for the very first time, and I bent forward again, giving her another upside-down kiss.
Oh God, there is something really special about watching your husband coming inside another woman's vagina, especially when her naked back is pressed against you. Although no one was playing or penetrating me, I came in a lovely, but gentle way that I never had before.
"I should get back home and leave you," Peggy said as soon as she and Bill had recovered, dripping Bill's spunk out of her hole on to my legs as she climbed off me.
"Come and have a shower first, Peggy. We can all get cleaned up together."
"Oh no, Jo, I want to leave your husband's spunk up me. I'll just put my panties on, and when I come to wash them, and see the dried mess inside, for the first time in my life, I'll be proud of myself, a proper woman at last."
It seemed a rather touching idea, but then a horrible thought hit me. If she'd never had a man, or any prospect of one, surely she wouldn't have bothered with contraception. Yet I'd just let my husband fuck her, bareback.
"You are on the pill, Peggy, aren't you?"
"The pill?" she asked, looking between me and Bill, with a puzzled look on her face.
Oh fuck, what had I done? Was she going to end up pregnant? That definitely wasn't part of my plan!
"Oh, alright, I'm just kidding, no need to look like that," she said, laughing as she put her bra and blouse on. "When I signed up for the painting course, I was determined it would change my life in ways I couldn't control, and didn't want to. I never really thought anyone would want to fuck an old stick insect like me, but I suppose I still wanted to keep the hope alive, and be ready for anything, so I got myself on the pill as soon as I knew about it after Mom died."
Bill and I just looked at her in amazement. All of our efforts, it seemed, had just been pushing at an open door. Peggy had wanted to be fucked all along. I'd just added a bit of lesbian amusement, and made it possible for her first time to be gentle, and with someone she trusted.
"You really mean you enjoyed it all? Both me, and Bill?"
"Oh yes, Jo. It has been wonderful, and you two aren't going to stop fucking me, are you? Perhaps we can give Picasso a run for his money after all? A famous woman painter, specialising in female nudes, in a lesbian relationship with her model, but with the model's husband fucking both of them. Won't it make a fabulous back story?"
After Peggy had gone, we set up the barbeque in the garden, and grilled a couple of ribeye steaks, washing them down with some beers, staying naked the whole time, not worrying about the neighbours. Then Bill and I went back inside and made love. And that's what it was, not just fucking.
Both of us had fucked strangers, while the other watched, or even took part. Is there anything more intimate that anyone can do, than let their life partner fuck someone else while you are there? With the janitor, I was still 3-2 up on him, and certainly a lot of other people had seen me naked, but we were both loving our new life. I just had to persuade June, when I met her the following day, to let Bill fuck her, then we'd be equal, and we could probably just stop counting, as we each found new strangers to fuck, and fuck, and fuck.