If you have not read the previous chapters, they will help this chapter make more sense.
That being said this is a story about female domination and male submission. While inspired by moments in my life, it is not intended as a journal or instruction manual. Rather it is intended as a story to arouse, entertain, and hopefully invite the mind to explore boundaries we often can't in real life. Please enjoy if this interests you, if not, please find another story to read. Feel free to reach out with comments (civil) or criticisms (again, civil). I will respond to either PMs or email as I get a chance.
Half an hour after Dianna finished painting my fingernails the same shade of "slut red" she had painted my toes I was informed that I could remove them from the drier and get out of the chair. Dianna had spent that half hour putting makeup and a wig on me, but I hadn't seen the results.
I tried telling myself I was only being prepared like this for the party this afternoon, but I had zero control over the guest list. It might be only Suzy Annette and Dianna there, but with half an hour to think about the changes in my life over the last several days I wasn't sure what to expect.
Putting the leash on me, Dianna got me out of the chair and led me back to her office. Sitting on her desk were a pair of boxes. There was a shoebox from an online fetish store and a larger flatter box from a vendor I had never heard of.
I looked at the boxes and looked to Dianna and all I could think of was a sit-com moment. I wanted to say, "Not that there's anything wrong with that..." and on an intellectual level I believed it. I didn't have a problem with someone cross-dressing. I just didn't want to be that person. Or so I had always told myself.
Where I grew up anything remotely connected to being gay was cause for ridicule and abuse and that conditioning still lingered within me. I knew I wasn't gay, and I didn't think being gay was evil or a sin, but I still had a very visceral reaction to allowing myself to be perceived as gay. Aware that the hypocrisy of this would be offensive to someone openly gay, it still was a very real response. Trying to think how I could discuss this with an openly gay woman I liked and admired, every idea I had seemed destined to end badly.
The fact that she held a four foot leash attached to the steel collar I wore, and my only other bit of apparel was a stainless steel cage locked around my cock made it much simpler. I wasn't expected to explain, rationalize or converse intelligently. I was just expected to submit.
"In roughly five minutes my assistant is going to walk in ready to open the store for business," Dianna informed me. "If you want me to let her take pictures for her social media, continue to just stand there squirming. Otherwise put on what's in these boxes."
Giving me a big grin when I looked back at the door then down at my cage then over to the boxes before looking up to meet her eyes Dianna asked, "Problem?"
I hesitated for another moment trying to think how to frame my objection and not offend. As I realized if my biggest concern was offending Dianna I knew I was eventually going to comply. With that thought in mind, and knowing I didn't want a stranger to start snapping pictures of me naked and caged, I stepped forward and picked up the boxes.
A flush of embarrassment shot through me as I did, and I almost laughed when I opened the shoe box and saw a pair of strappy red sandals with a three inch heel. The ankle straps were equipped with locking buckles. Setting the shoes aside I couldn't help noticing how hard my cock was pressing against its confinement as I raised the lid on the second box.
This one did make me laugh out loud. I had often told Suzy and Dianna I considered a sundress to be the perfect attire. I loved the way they could be sheer enough to silhouette a body against bright light but opaque enough to provide concealment in most situations. Knowing I had mentioned hemline length as a good indicator of the wearers "mood" more than a few times, I felt sure they would have shared a laugh while choosing an appropriate length to show my "mood" for me.
I had never met Dianna's assistant and in the last twelve hours I had already added two people to the list of those who knew Suzy kept me in chastity. I wasn't in a hurry to add another. I also wasn't in a hurry to be locked into a pair heeled sandals or be seen wearing a dress. Trying to make myself suck it up and hurry, I lifted the dress out and discovered it also was designed to be locked onto the wearer.
The three inch wide reinforced collar closed with two locking hasps and would fasten snuggly around my neck. It supported a plunging keyhole front panel that led to a five inch wide reinforced waist band with three more locking hasps. Except for the collar and waist the dress was made of thin cotton the weight of a dress shirt. Printed with a very pale blue floral pattern on a nearly sheer white background I would have loved to see Suzy wearing this.
Leaving the shoulders and upper back bare, the dress had a zipper that ran down the back of the reinforced waist band beneath the fly closed by the hasps, then extended a couple of inches into the skirt. The skirt fell with a gentle flare to extend slightly over a foot below the bottom of the belt. Feeling grateful that it wasn't shorter I stepped into the dress.
I needed to exhale as far as I could and strain just to get the belt zipped closed. When I raised my arms to the back of my neck to fasten the tiny hooks on the collar, I changed my opinion about the skirts length. Sure that my ass and cage were barely covered if at all the feeling of air moving beneath the hem was both unnerving and incredibly erotic. I tried to avoid thinking about how easily I would be exposed, and closed the tabs over the hasps so they could be locked closed. Trying to take a deep breath I was reminded how tight the waistline was as I turned to deal with the shoe box.
Lifting the sandals out of the box to examine them more closely, I found 7 little luggage locks laying in the bottom of the box and gave them to Dianna when she held out her hand. Certainly they were nothing that couldn't be cut off with a bolt cutter, but as Dianna snapped two closed in my collar and three more closed on my waistline a shiver ran up my spine.
I don't really know if I was distracted by the embarrassment, if her assistant was early, or if it just took me five minutes to put on the dress, but I heard a key in the back door followed by Dianna saying, "Wrists behind you."
"NOW!" she snapped when I hesitated and tried to look back at her.
Obeying I took a deep breath and arched my spine as I put my wrists back and laced my fingers together. Hearing the outside door thump closed I was trying to adjust to the thought of a complete stranger walking in on me when Dianna ratcheted the handcuffs closed on my wrists.
"Don't move and don't speak unless I tell you to," Dianna warned me as she walked back around her desk to stand facing me and the office door.
The sound of the office door opening was closely followed by "Well, well, well. It looks like you may be planning to take the day off."
"As a matter of fact I am, but this one isn't mine. I'm just getting the little slut ready for a party." Dianna answered. "I'm trying to decide if the skirt is too short, what do you think?"
"Well you did say 'slut' and 'party', right?" her assistant answered. "If that's the case I'd say you might want to take the hem up an inch or two."
They both laughed at that and Dianna asked, "So drawing attention shouldn't be a problem?"
"Are you kidding? Between the locking collar and waist band, the slut red nails, and I assume those are the shoes you're planning on...?"
Watching Dianna nod I felt like I was blushing all the way down to the hem of my dress.
"... that bitch will draw more busy hands than my high school typing class did," she joked. "Leave on the steel cuffs and collar, she'll spend the whole party bent over a table or on her knees."
"Well that would qualify as slutty, wouldn't it?" Dianna chuckled giving me a wink. "Thanks Jess. I don't have any appointments today after I finish with this one, so you shouldn't need to reschedule anything. Luanne and Tish should be in at noon and both are booked solid. Anything else you needed?"
"The address for the party?" Jess asked. When Dianna just raised an eyebrow and looked at her she added, "I know, I know. But catching the overflow after your 'Miss Thing' gets them all worked up sounds fun."
"Like you have SO much trouble finding a guy to play with. You seem to have a new guy hanging around waiting for you every night of the week."
"That doesn't mean I couldn't use a couple of more. They're just so much fun to play with once you get them all worked up," Jess answered. "The more you make them wait, the easier they are to control."
"I've heard that rumor," Dianna grinned. "Maybe one of these days we'll have to test that theory."
"It's not a theory," Jess laughed. "I could call Steve and he'll be here in half an hour. He and I went out last night and by the time I was ready to leave, he was promising to do anything." Dropping her voice to a conspiratorial whisper she said, "Want to know what I had him promise?"
"What did you have him promise?" Dianna stage whispered back.
"I told him I wanted him not to touch himself until I gave him permission." Jess crowed.
She was obviously delighted with herself, and Dianna was obviously quite amused with the effect the situation was having on me. My cock was throbbing in its cage and I couldn't stand still.
"I'm guessing he would be here well under half an hour," Dianna responded with a big smile. "Do you think he would find the slut distracting?"
"Would he ever!" Jess answered. I could hear her moving closer and gasped in surprise when she lifted the hem of my skirt. Trapped from moving away by the desk in front of me I whimpered when a hand began tracing the marks from last night's punishment.
Suddenly her hand froze for a second and she exclaimed, "Oh! My! God! He's a boy slut, isn't he?"
A whimper that blended shame arousal and desperation escaped me and I arched my back straining against the wrist cuffs.
"Aren't all boys sluts?" Dianna replied with a big grin. Reaching a hand between my thighs Jess confirmed her diagnosis and giggled happily when I gasped again.
"Oh they totally are," Jess answered, "but this one seems sluttier than most. Is that a cage I'm feeling? I've read about them, but I never met someone who wore one."
"Well congratulations, you just have." Dianna grinned, "Say hi to Matty. He's a very caged and very slutty chastity slave."
"And a very naughty one too it would seem. Please let me call Steve," Jess asked while squeezing my balls. "If he kept his promise and hasn't wanked yet, I could have him begging Matty for a blowjob in a minute or less. Once I had that on tape I would own him."
Another whimper escaped as the pressure on my balls increased, and still another whimper when Dianna looked directly at me and responded with, "I would love to see that, but maybe another time." Looking back to her assistant she said, "For now I'd suggest you think about getting a cage for Steve. That way you would be sure he hasn't wanked. A naughty boy in a cage can be convinced to beg for almost anything you want."
"Can you help me figure out..." Jess started.
"Not today hon, Matty and I have a party to attend and I have to finish getting him ready. You open the store and try not to get distracted by what it would be like to have Steve and all your other boys locked up and desperate."
The sound of desire that escaped Jess when Dianna made that suggestion sent a violent shiver up my spine. Coupled with the way her hand gripped down on my balls I had to fight not to turn and try to pull free. Very aware of being trapped against the desk, I wasn't aware I had slightly spread my feet and was gently rocking my hips.
I opened my eyes to see Dianna look down then smile knowingly at me, and felt a wave of embarrassment sweep over me. I wanted to melt into the floor, but instead I did what Suzy had known I would do. I blushed and squirmed as I looked from Dianna's smiling face to the hint of her lace bra and back.
"More than one at a time? Oh. Ohh. Oh my! If you knew they couldn't yank it as soon as they got home, you could, couldn't you?" Jess asked. "You will help me won't you?"
"If I don't have to fire you for opening the store late, yes, I'll help you," Dianna laughed shooing Jess out the door to a chorus of thankyous.
"You did very well, slut. Now, let's get those shoes on you and see if we can get you to the party on time." Dianna said coming around from behind the desk.
Lifting my foot obediently I let her put the first one on. Having to lean against the desk to keep my balance while she put the second one on, I still didn't feel very stable when I put both feet down. The sound of the locks closing on the shoes sent a shudder of arousal through me.
"Your toes look lovely in those shoes Matty. Slut red is definitely your color," Dianna laughed as she stood up and clipped the leash to my collar. Not giving me time to dwell on that thought she added, "Try to walk heel to toe and place your feet directly in front of each other," and started towards the door.
With no other choice really available I took a tentative step after her. Having managed not to show Jess my face I didn't want to go back into the salon, but when Dianna opened the back door to lead me into the alley I doubted that option was any better and hesitated.
Laughing happily Dianna gave the leash a tug making me stumble forward before letting the door thump closed behind me. Not offering any explanation she left me to my thoughts and just led me down the alley behind the shops.
Not well ordered would be a very generous description of my thoughts, but embarrassment nerves and arousal dominated. Although I was technically clothed, looking around made me very aware of being outside. That made me very aware of the fact I was locked into an almost sheer sundress and red sandals as my only clothing. Being also locked into a stainless collar, cuffs and chastity cage, I was both relieved and concerned when Dianna knocked on the back door of one of the stores.
I liked the idea of getting back inside, but having no idea what or who might be there, the butterflies scrambling my thoughts were mirrored by the butterflies in my stomach. Reading the name on the door I was still trying to figure out what kind of shop it was when the door opened and she led me inside.
"Oh, isn't he just delicious." A tall young man with a very slim build stood in the doorway looking me up and down. He wore tight stretchy jeans, a tight tee shirt and his hair was cut short in a feminine bob.
"Almost delicious," Dianne replied, "but I'm counting on you to add the finishing touches."
"You know I'd do anything for you D, but this...this feels like you're doing me a favor."
"Only a small favor Kerry, you aren't allowed to make him cum and I need him back in an hour." Dianne held the door open. "Don't worry though, you still can play with him. I think you'll find he's very conflicted. Midwestern programming combined with a very slutty nature and a submissive streak a mile wide. I believe you know the type?"
"Hmmm, I think I remember someone like that. Didn't you introduce me to him about five years ago?" Kerry asked with a big grin.
"I'm pretty sure you had already met him darling, I just helped you become friends with him." Dianna answered. Returning the smile she placed a hand on his cheek and said, "Have as much fun as you want, just don't let him cum and have him ready by one."
Turning to me she said, "Be a good little chastity slave Matty. Squirm, moan, blush... and obey."
Turning back to Kerry she handed him my leash and said, "Let me know how he behaves." Pulling a neatly folded piece of paper from one pocket of her shorts and the keys for my restraints from another she handed them both over. "This paper has his safeword and what Suzy would like you to do with him. The keys," Dianna paused, "well, I guess that's obvious. Have fun and I'll see you at one."
Watching her turn and step out the door I didn't think I could be more nervous or embarrassed until Dianna paused long enough to say, "Oh, do be sure to make him tell you how he wants to be treated. He looks very pretty looking up at you from his knees and begging."
I looked at Dianna in shock knowing exactly what she meant. Taking half a step towards her on impulse only achieved reminding me I was leashed. Feeling my breath come fast and shallow I whispered "Please..."
"Blush, moan, squirm... and especially, obey." Dianna said with a big smile.
I knew Dianna wouldn't leave me with someone who would rape me, but I also knew if I didn't use my safeword I couldn't really call anything that happened rape.
"Please..." I whispered again. Straining towards her I teetered on my heels and my wrists pulled against my cuffs. The hem of my dress fluttered as a gust of wind swirled in through the open door. Feeling the fabric brush across my caged cock I realized my cage was as full as it had been all day and I let out a quiet groan.
"You know how to make it all stop but you would have done that already if you were going to," Dianna said as her smile got even bigger. "Turns out you really are very slutty, Suzy's quite the lucky lady." Blowing me a kiss she told Kerry, "See you soon," and let go of the door.
"See you soon beautiful!" Kerry called as the door swung closed. To me he said, "You have no idea how lucky you are. D is the best..." he seemed to be seeking the right adjective and settled for, "just the best."
Tugging on the leash he chuckled when I hesitated and almost fell before following him. Affecting a strong lisp Kerry mocked, "Is the naughty little slut nervous about being left alone with the big bad homosexual?" Switching back to his normal voice he said "Maybe you should be. I am very fond of playing with pretty little sluts and seeing how much I can make them squirm."
This did very little to calm my nerves but another tug on my leash kept me moving down a narrow hall. Opening a door off the hallway Kerry flipped on the lights and led me inside. Two racks held an odd assortment of clothes on one wall. The back wall had shelving and cubbies all the way to the ceiling and several smaller cabinets with counter tops lined another wall.
A chair that would be at home in a dentist's office stood near the back of the room, and suspended over it was a light fixture on an articulated arm. In an open space near the chair a single length of chain hung from the ceiling which made me notice the half dozen unused heavy duty eyebolts mounted in the ceiling nearby.
"First," Kerry announced, "we need to do something about your invisible chest. If you look past the welts your legs are quite nice, and while your arms and shoulders are a little too defined they are easily passable if someone doesn't spend too much time looking at them."
Using a quick link Kerry attached my steel collar to the hanging chain and removed the leash. "We both know what works well at keeping a man's eyes focused, don't we?" Working quickly he undid the two locks holding my dress collar closed. "Boobies!"
"I think you will find this a case of 'fortunately/unfortunately'. Fortunately," Kerry told me, "people will be much less likely to wonder if you are a man in a dress. Unfortunately," he whispered in my ear, "no one will be able to do this."
The feeling of his breath warming my neck sent a shiver down my spine and set my thoughts scrambling. Caught by surprise I moaned quietly and arched back into him when his fingers slid beneath my top, gently trailed across my chest, and began flicking my nipples.
"Oh no," I managed as I remembered this was a man touching me. "Please don't..."
"I know," Kerry interrupted, "it seems a shame to cover these up, doesn't it?" Brushing his lips against my neck he followed as I shuffled forward. Just waiting as I stood trembling at the limit of my ability to move away, Kerry continued to flick my nipples gently until I whimpered again and arched my back in response.
The last forty eight hours had been filled with so much change, so much arousal, and so little time to process. I was aroused by the touch but very rattled by the knowledge I was responding to a man. I leaned forward and shuffled my feet, but I was just as unable to move away as I was to stop responding.
His fingers and lips teased sending a shudder of arousal through me and without thought I raised my wrists and arched my back further. Feeling his cock swell as I pressed back into him, I whimpered again. "Please," I whispered. But no other words followed and I remained arched into him.
"I know," Kerry whispered back. "I was you five years ago." Placing a gentle kiss on my neck he pressed his hips into me when I moaned and arched even further. "Enjoy the ride."
Stepping away, he left me twisting and wanting in a haze of arousal and confusion. Slipping a blindfold over my eyes he undid the hasps at my collar and let the top fall free to hang in front of me. Slowly guiding me back until my thighs were pressed against the chair, I couldn't quite sit because of the chain attached to my collar.
"Don't squirm too much or I might think you are enjoying this," Kerry whispered as his fingers returned to my nipples and his lips brushed my cheek and neck. "Only a very naughty slut would enjoy this, right Matty?"
Thinking he was probably right didn't stop me from moaning quietly and arching up in response. When one hand continued to flick my nipple and the other slid behind me as he pressed kisses to my neck I whispered, "Don't, please?"
"You remember the magic word, right?" Kerry asked. "Say it twice and it all ends right now." Sliding his hand from behind my back around to trace patterns on my ribs, he chuckled as a shudder ran through me. "Of course if you are as much of a slut as you seem to be, you will only say it once and I'll let you show me how pretty you are when you beg."
"Oh please," I gasped as his fingers trailed across my tummy next teasing at the belt of my dress. "I just want to cum."
Moving his hand from my belly he placed it on my inner thigh just at my hemline. Chuckling again as I thrust my hips in response he said, "That much is obvious but you need to prove you know your safeword." Sliding his hand beneath the hem he added, "Once or twice, your choice but you need to say it now."
I was literally aching with desire. I was past caring what I was supposed to want, and what I was supposed to be ashamed of. I was so desperately horny I simply didn't care that the person touching me was a man. "Please. Just touch me. Please." Feeling his fingers move to gently caress my inner thigh I moaned and whispered, "Manatee." Catching my breath I added, "Please?"
Moaning I arched my back as his hand slid beneath my hem. "Oh. Oh yes. Oh, please!" I gasped as his hand gently cupped my caged cock and balls.
"We don't want you to stain your pretty party dress," he teased as he released me to unlock the waist buckles and unzip the dress. Sliding it up over my head and back down my arms he let it fall in a puddle behind me.
Trying to hold still when he touched my caged penis again I realized he was inserting the key into my cage lock. I whimpered with excitement and my body trembled as he removed the cage. When he set the cage aside and his fingers brushed lightly across my belly I moaned deeply.
When he pressed a warm cloth to me I thought I would lose my mind. Very quickly I was fully hard. Sure I was about to cum multiple different times as he worked, Kerry knew exactly what he was doing. Spending several minutes at the task he gently washed me into a frenzy. Frustrating my efforts to thrust into his touch, he simply followed my motions as I squirmed and moaned. By the time he stopped, my cock was twitching and dancing with a life of its own.
"Goodness," Kerry said, "you look about as ready as ready can be." All contact stopped leaving me to flaunt my desperation into empty air. "Now what was it that Dianna said I should try?" One finger ran the length of my cock making me gasp in a breath. "Wasn't it something about putting you on your knees so you could beg?"
A laugh escaped him when I blurted out "I want to cum. Please let me cum. Please. Oh pretty please!"
"I feel fairly sure that isn't what you are supposed to beg for, is it?" Kerry said as he unclasped the link connecting my collar to the ceiling chain and removed my blindfold. "So unless you want me to tell Dianna that was what you did," stepping very close he nudged my feet apart and whispered, "you should probably get on your knees and give me something else to report."
A shiver raced up my spine and I closed my eyes only to have them snap back open when a finger again traced the length of my throbbing erection and a noise between a whimper and a groan escaped me.
"On," the finger traced another lap, "your," and another, "knees," and a third teasing stroke which brought me onto my toes.
Staring back at Kerry from mere inches away I couldn't stop trembling. "You're blushing. You're moaning. You are most definitely squirming," Kerry said gently gripping just the very tip of my cock between his thumb and two fingers. "Now you need to follow your final instruction. Obey. On, your, knees."
He accented each of the last three words by gently squeezing my cock head each time. I couldn't seem to break free of the loop my mind was racing around. I knew I was about to kneel naked, cuffed and collared in front of a man. I knew I was about to beg him to treat me like a naughty slutty cum eating chastity slave. I knew I wasn't going to say my safeword. My breathing was fast and shallow, my entire body was trembling with pent up arousal, and I could feel my eyes opening wider. I KNEW that the arousal caused by my situation was going to make me orgasm in about another 5 seconds.
Laughing happily Kerry released my cock head and gently slapped my face jolting me just enough to break me out of my trance. "You just earned a demerit pretty boy. Are you sure you want to continue disobeying?"
Trying to gather my wits I started to sink to my knees. Forced to lean forward for balance and to get my cuffed wrists past the chair behind me, the heels I wore nearly made me collapse. Whimpering again as Kerry helped steady me but didn't move back, my face was pressed into his chest and then belly as I slid lower.
Unable to back up because of the chair and forced to spread my knees wide around his feet, I came to rest in a position almost identical to the one I had assumed in front of Dianna just an hour or two ago. My cock waved and twitched in empty air and my face hovered only a few inches away from his crotch.
I looked up and quickly looked away, only to be staring into his crotch again. His stretch jeans were very tight and I could clearly see the bulge of his cock. Moaning again as it twitched, I looked back up to see him smiling down at me and closed my eyes. My spine arched and a shudder raced through me. This resulted in me bouncing my face against his bulge. I gasped as the realization sent another shudder rippling up my spine and again my face bounced lightly against him.
Straining against my cuffs in an effort to hold still I looked up and managed to meet his eyes. It felt like every muscle in my body was trembling and I could feel my cock sway and dance.
"Show me how pretty you look when you beg," Kerry said placing a hand gently on my cheek.
Incredibly confused and conflicted, I knew exactly what was expected of me. Sure I wasn't supposed to want this and wondering if I was about to spontaneously orgasm from the arousal I managed to whisper "Please..." As I tried to continue another tremor ripped through me bouncing my face off his crotch again.
"Please what Matty?" Moving his hand to his waist band Kerry unsnapped his jeans. "You look very pretty, but I feel sure that doesn't qualify as begging." He was starting to breathe more quickly too.
I looked back up and tried again. "Please... Please treat me like a naughty..." Another shiver and another bump against him. "Please...?" I couldn't keep eye contact and looked down. Feeling my forehead bump against his hands I could see the trail of pre-cum dripping from my aching cock.
Kerry gave a throaty chuckle as I looked away. "That was closer," he encouraged, "but I think you just earned another demerit." Smiling a wicked smile when I looked up again he unzipped his fly and folded back the flaps to expose the top few inches of his fully hard cock.
Looking down, then back up, then down and back, I managed another tremulous "Please..." His pants still covered the lower part of his shaft and balls trapping the top against his belly even though it was exposed.
Just watching me as I started to tremble again Kerry smiled. "Each time you start but don't finish, I am supposed to make this more difficult for you," he said gently. "So would you like to show me how pretty you look begging, or are you enjoying the increased difficulty?"
Realizing Suzy must have included this instruction in the note, I sobbed in frustration. "Please," I begged, "Please let me... please make me..." Looking up at him I really was pleading, but even I wasn't sure what I was asking for. What would he expect me to do if I said what I knew I was supposed to say? Bouncing my face off his shaft as a shudder answered this thought, I whimpered when he pulled his pants off his hips.
"I warned you Matty," he said as his fully hard cock swung free.
I could tell he was larger than I was, but what I mostly noticed was that with his pants lower his cock tipped forward from his belly so it was just brushing my face no matter where I looked. A drop of fluid just escaping the tip of his erection brushed off on my cheek when I turned my head to the side.
Putting a hand under my chin and turning my face to look him in the eyes Kerry said, "Say your safe word, NOW!" in a commanding voice.
The head of his penis just brushed my lips in this position, and I blurted out "Manatee".
His cock twitched as my lips brushed the underside, and his eyes fluttered for a moment. Tightening his grip on my jaw he wouldn't let me turn away. "You have five seconds to say it again, or else you had better start begging."
Frozen by what "making it more difficult" might entail next, by his hand, by the incredibly soft feel of his cock brushing my lips, by the way my naked body trembled with lust and revolt in conflict with each other, I remembered Dianna telling me what I should say when I didn't know what to say.
"Please. Please treat me like a naughty, slutty..." feeling my breath catch I closed my eyes and felt myself press up into his cock. "Please treat me like a naughty, slutty," opening my eyes as a massive tremor shook my body I stared up at Kerry and whispered, "cum eating chastity slave."
"That's better," Kerry said releasing my chin and smiling. "But say it again please. Beg me like you mean it."
"Please treat me like the naughty slutty cum eating chastity slave I am," I blurted out. Hyper aware of his penis resting against my face as I spoke I didn't even think before pressing my lips up against the bottom of his shaft and repeating in a full voice, "Please treat me like the naughty slutty cum eating chastity slave I am."
"Dianna was right as usual," Kerry laughed as he stepped back and closed up his pants. "You really do look quite deliciously pretty begging from your knees."
I had submitted completely to the moment, and suddenly was left drifting in a haze of confused arousal, embarrassment and desire as I watched him tuck his shirt in.
"Up on your feet slut, you have an errand to run before we leave." Chuckling at me as I looked around Kerry stepped over and helped me stand.
Wobbling unsteadily on my heels I caught my reflection in a mirror. The wig I wore was a short blonde bob cut that framed and helped round my face. Dianna had artfully made me up to soften the lines of my chin and nose as well. The 3" heels made me stand with my hips slightly tilted and my back slightly arched which gave me a much more feminine posture and made my legs look quite nice as well. Plus the vivid red of the sandals nicely drew attention to the red of my nails.
I was snapped back to the present when Kerry asked, "Are you feeling very slutty yet?" Placing a hand on my chest he steered me back tight against the dental chair. Not waiting for an answer he went on. "I know you are, but you will be amazed at how much sluttier you feel 20 minutes from now."
Feeling almost like I was watching from outside my body, I was far too aware of being naked with my wrists cuffed behind me to detach completely. Warning me to hold still anytime I moved at all, Kerry attached a pair of C-cup breast forms to my chest. Watching as he used makeup to blend the edges in, nerves started to gain the upper hand.
More and more aware of the fact that he was a man, and less and less focused on my need to be touched I was starting to lose my erection by the time he stepped back. Smiling at me Kerry indicated my crotch and said, "You'll need to get smaller than that before we can put you back in your cage." Picking up the keys Dianna had given him he indicated I should step towards him and turn around.
Feeling him unlock my cuffs from one wrist I almost laughed when he asked, "I'm guessing you aren't planning to run away dressed like this are you?"
I managed to shake my head, and when he reminded me a good slave should answer a direct question I tried for clever, "Not unless you un-cuff my other hand. The cuffs might make people notice me."
"Good point," Kerry chuckled. "Naked and collared with your cock locked in a cage is so passé these days, but cuffed... that's an attention getter. Hands up high. Quickly, quickly, you don't want to be late do you?"
Raising my hands as instructed I looked up to watch as my wrists were cuffed back together and then clipped to the ceiling chain. Kerry had stretched me almost onto tiptoe when clipping me to the chain and suddenly I felt very helpless and very aware of being naked again. As usual, the awareness of being helpless and naked started my cock responding and I moaned as Kerry ran his fingers down my ribs.
"Well I was thinking I would put your cage on next, but what are we going to do about this?" Wrapping one arm around me he placed his hand firmly on my rapidly swelling cock and pulled me tight against him. Laughing when I squealed in a mixture of passion and nerves as his equally hard cock was now pressed tight against me, Kerry blew gently on the back of my neck.
"Tell me pretty slut, do you think if I held you like this we could find a way to make your cock relax enough to fit your cage?" Kerry whispered.
My hips rocked in response to his touch. Wanting to stroke against his hand, I couldn't do that without rubbing against his erection. With my hands pulled high I had no leverage to pull away and I let out a long guttural moan as his hand shifted pressure slightly, eliciting another rolling of my hips. Tipping my head back and arching my spine I tried to resist the rapidly mounting desire to continue stroking.
I gasped when Kerry rolled his hips making me aware how I was offering myself, and I tried to move away. Only managing to shuffle my feet very slightly forward, each attempt caused me to rub Kerry and myself. Kerry followed my movements until I was stretched tight and tipped back against him for balance.
Having almost regained my ability to speak and think only moments ago, this total loss of control hit me even harder. I wanted to cum, but to do that I would have to grind my naked ass against this gay man's crotch. I wanted to say my safeword, but I had been on a sexual high almost constantly for several days now, and the idea of giving up that feeling was impossible to accept. I wanted to go home to Suzy where the world was safe, but my brain knew Suzy and Dianna had carefully arranged this. I was safe, right here right now, from everything but myself.
I wanted to explain how helpless I felt, I wanted to explain how aroused it made me to be so totally out of control. I needed to say something or do something. That need triggered me doing the only thing I could. I moaned and squirmed and blushed as I ground myself against his hand on one side and his cock on the other.
Letting me start to establish a rhythm Kerry removed his hand from my cock and firmly grasped both of my hips. "If you beg really nicely I'll help you get soft enough to get back in your cage and it can be our little secret."
Chuckling as I made a strangled moan and waved my cock futilely into empty air he held me in place as I ground against him.
"Oh please." I begged. "Please, please, please, please."
"Please what Matty?" Thrusting against me when I arched my spine, Kerry placed a kiss on my neck when I whimpered and bucked my hips in response. "Tell me what you want," another gentler thrust followed, and a third. Each was timed for when I was most fully arched, offering my ass to him and each drew another whimper and corresponding pump of my hips.
"Tell me what you want pretty slut," thrust. "Maybe if you beg nicely enough," thrust, "I'll put my hand back where you want it."
I wanted to stop and catch my breath. I wanted to explain that I wasn't gay. I wanted to explain why I was so aroused. I wanted to explain that my punishment from last night had made my ass and thighs so sensitive that his pants felt like sandpaper. I wanted to explain that the constant reminder of my punishment helped insure I couldn't hold still.
The memory of Dianna's voice cut through the fog of confusion and arousal, and I recited my new mantra in a quiet whisper. "Please treat me like a naughty slutty cum eating chastity slave."
Like the breaking of a dam, I surrendered again and rolled my hips against him. "Please treat me the way I deserve to be treated." Rolling my hips again I arched and stretched reaching for the ground with my toes.
One hand slid from my hip to brush the inside of my thigh and I whimpered as the second hand slid to the other thigh. "Please, please, please. Please touch..."
Cutting me off Kerry simply said, "NO!" Letting me squirm for a moment he added, "Each time you beg for something you aren't supposed to I will make it harder for you." Pausing to let that register, he reached between us and I felt him unsnap his pants.
Remembering how this would go I whimpered again as his hand returned to my thigh and he whispered, "If you want my hand back you have to make me believe you want what you are begging for."
Pulling my thighs slightly wider he shuffled a half step forward and only my toes now touched the ground. Tipping my head back onto his shoulder I almost sobbed with frustration. "Please..." Forcing myself to concentrate I started again, "Please treat me like a naughty slut..." Rolling my hips I deliberately tried to caress his bulge and said, "Please treat me like a naughty slutty..." again I rolled my hips and felt one hand slide slightly higher on my thigh.
Grinding myself against him I felt the marks from last night, I felt the bulge of his erection pressed against my ass, I felt his breath on my neck and I felt the freedom of being a helpless and controlled plaything. "Please treat me like a naughty slutty cum eating chastity slave," I begged. Shamelessly I arched my back and pressed his bulge between my ass cheeks. "Please, I am such a naughty slut." Feeling his hips move I tried to match his efforts and continued to beg. "Please treat me like the slut I am."
One hand now lay on my tummy almost touching my cock as I did my best to dry hump him. Pulling against my cuffs I tried to turn into his hand and mewled my frustration. "I am such a naughty slut. Please, please touch your naughty slut?"
"Naughty indeed," Kerry whispered as his hand left my belly and reached between us again.
Realizing my mistake when he started unzipping himself, I tried to lift myself by my cuffed wrists. He chuckled when I blurted out, "I'm sorry. Please don't. Please? I'm sorry."
"No need to apologize, I really don't mind." He murmured. "And even better, I'm almost certain you aren't supposed to beg me to stop doing... anything."
He chuckled again as I realized the implications and pulled myself a little higher. "What do you suppose happens when your arms get tired?" he asked.
Realizing I had lifted myself high enough that my ass was now poised above his erection, I felt him shimmy and knew his pants had been pulled down enough to free his cock.
Placing both hands firmly on my thighs Kerry prevented me from pulling myself higher, from closing my legs, or twisting to the side. "Are you ready to start begging again pretty slut?" he asked when I stopped trying to roll away and lift free. "Because you are running out of time and I feel sure that Suzy will not be happy if you are late to the party."
Freezing in place I could barely breathe. I still desperately wanted to orgasm, but I also didn't want to be fucked in the ass by a stranger. Well... part of my brain was sure I didn't want that. Another part of my brain found it incredibly arousing that I had allowed myself to be strung up helpless and naked, shaved, collared, and expected to beg him to use me like a slut.
I began to tremble and a quiet moan seemed to be the only sound I could make when Kerry whispered into my ear "What does Suzy expect you to do in moments like this Matty?"
Like someone had thrown a light switch his comment brought clarity. I had chosen to submit. It wasn't about could I be made to do things, it was about whether or not I was willing to submit.
"Please treat me like a naughty slut," I murmured. Feeling myself accepting submission as I spoke, I said more strongly, "Please treat me like a naughty slutty cum eating chastity slave." A very different moan came from my throat as one of his hands slid from my thigh to lay beside my aching cock.
"Please. I am a naughty slutty chastity slave. Please treat me like a slut." Trying to push against his hand, I barely hesitated in my attempt to follow his hand lower. This caused his cock to slide up into contact with my ass. "Please?" I begged and rolled my hips like the slut I was. "Please, please, please."
Giving my cock one gentle caress that nearly sent me over the edge Kerry stepped back and released me letting my feet hit the floor. "Let's finish getting you ready for the party my naughty little slut."
Left to twist and turn helplessly I was slow coming out of my submissive headspace and lost track of Kerry while I reveled in the aching desire my submission and denial had brought me to. My mind was still jumbled with confusion over the extreme arousal I had felt both kneeling in front of Kerry and then dangling naked and helpless over his cock. As a result I was totally unaware of what he was doing until he returned to my awareness by pressing an ice pack to my cock and balls.
I squealed like a twelve year old and tried to avoid it, but he simply held me in place and kept me from losing my balance as well. By the time he dropped the bag to the floor and picked up my cage, it was no problem to fit me inside. He quickly put it in place and snapped the lock closed.
"You are definitely going to need this," Kerry said picking up my dress and helping me step into it. "Dianna will be back to pick you up in 10 minutes and you still have to go next door and pick up my lunch for me."
Trying to wrap my head around the fact I was supposed to go out in public wearing a sundress and a pair of fuck me heels I was barely aware of Kerry as he smoothed the collar to lay beneath my stainless steel collar before locking it closed.
I caught another glimpse of myself in the mirror as he was locking the waist band closed. Reminded of my wig and make up and just how short the skirt was, I was wondering if I could actually go out dressed like this. My body was hairless, my nails were slut red, my only clothing barely covered me, was designed to draw attention and was locked in place.
I realized that in just a few hours I had submitted to being thoroughly feminized, and begged a stranger to treat me like a cum eating slut while his cock rested on my lips. Almost laughing, a sarcastic voice in my head commented, "Sure, but wearing a dress in public, that's where you decide to draw the line".
The urge to laugh was quickly smothered by the realization that Kerry might well be serious. Having been exposed only to a limited number of people so far, all in controlled situations, had been hard enough. As I thought about walking out into a strip mall on a beautiful Saturday shortly after noon, two emotions raced through me.
Fear. Fear of what might go wrong. Fear of what people might think. Fear of being seen by someone I might encounter again.
Arousal. Arousal at being dressed so obviously as a slut. Arousal at being so obviously a submissive. Arousal at the thought I might be slutty and horny and submissive enough to actually obey.
Kerry clipped the leash back on my collar and removed my wrist cuffs. Leading me out into the hallway he went slowly enough to let me adjust slightly to walking in the shoes. Emerging from the hallway into what looked like a consignment dress shop he led me to the front door. "Well I'm not sure how much sluttier you could look. You do look very feminine as well though, so you should be okay. I would suggest you don't stand still too long though. Some horny husband might try humping you right there in the parking lot."
Standing at the front door now I looked out at a bright sunny afternoon and a moderately full parking lot. "You didn't leave time to bring me my lunch, so you will owe me," Kerry said weighting the second phrase with innuendo, "but I don't want to keep Dianna waiting. Tell her I said thank you and have fun at the party."
He unlocked the door, unclipped my leash and handed me the leash and the cuffs. Still half in a daze as I took them from him I heard Kerry say, "Don't come back in today or I will put you right back outside wearing the cuffs and leash." With that he gave me a gentle push out the door. "Dianna's place is 'closed' to you too," he added and pulled the door closed.
Stumbling slightly I almost dropped the leash and cuffs. I looked back over my shoulder to see Kerry give me a big grin and wave before turning back into the store. My eyes were struggling to adjust to the sunlight, and a quick look around told me there must be 50 or sixty cars here.
Suddenly it hit me, I had no money, no ID, no keys, and no car. I was dressed like a woman, and even more, I was dressed like a complete slut in the middle of the afternoon. An outfit like this might not be too outrageous for a night club, but for shopping on Saturday is was way over the expected line.
I almost laughed when I saw a couple approaching on the sidewalk. The man was very deliberately not looking at me and his companion was alternately glaring at me and then at him. Feeling the tension break slightly I turned and looked around trying to figure out what I could do to get home. Walking felt like a last alternative, but trying to get a ride seemed fraught with possible complications.
As if to prove that point a Mustang convertible revved it's engine as it pulled over to the curb beside me. Asking me if I wanted a ride the guy driving was doing his best to play it cool, buy I again nearly laughed when I looked down trying to decide just how desperate I was.
Although he had picked up a couple of buddies by this point, this was definitely the same driver that had hit on Suzy and then flipped us off when she offered to put him on a leash. Thinking I should accept the ride just to see him freak when he realized I was a guy, I quickly thought better of that idea. Barely resisting the next urge, to flip him off, I managed a reasonably polite if somewhat forced "No thank you."
His reaction and that of his buddies lent me some confidence that I was not too obviously a man dressed as a woman. Turning left because his car was facing the other direction I started walking along the storefronts.
By the time I reached the corner where the stores ran off at a right angle I had receive stares, glares and a couple of catcalls. Feeling a lot embarrassed, a little proud, and very nervous I was starting to get aroused again as I turned right with no destination in mind.
A small gust of wind circled in the corner and I was reminded of just how scandalously short my skirt was. Fighting the urge to hold it down I knew that would only draw even further attention. I could tell I was very flushed and when another car pulled up and stopped just ahead of me the only thing that kept me from hurrying was the shoes I wore.
Wanting to run when the passenger window rolled down I had just started to turn around rather than walk past when I heard, "Don't you want a ride? I could leave you here for another 15 minutes or so if you are enjoying yourself that much."
A surge of relief poured through me at the sound of Dianna's voice. I turned back so quickly I almost fell, before taking two quick steps and grabbing the door handle of her car. Feeling my stomach drop when the door didn't open and Dianna laughed, I started to bend over to talk with her. Straightening up rapidly when I realized what this did to my hemline I heard Dianna laugh again as I tried to carefully crouch to see her face.
"You could come around to this side of the car if you wanted to talk to me," she suggested when a breeze tried to pick up my skirt and I stood back up. "Of course you could always wait for the Mustang to loop back around a get a ride from them."
I made an effort to compose myself which was largely unsuccessful. I shifted what I was holding to my other hand and was reminded of what it was I was carrying. I had been so preoccupied with being dressed and made up as a very slutty woman, I had forgotten about the leash and cuffs in my hand.
Not wanting to walk out into the roadway, I really didn't want Dianna to drive away even more. Trying to move carefully but quickly, I rounded the front of her car and stopped by the mirror when she held up a hand. She was still dressed in her casual shorts and sleeveless top, but she looked incredible to me. Partly because she provided hope of rescue, but also because I couldn't forget how she had looked in her underwear, and partly because I had always thought she was sexy.
"If you want in the car," Dianna said wasting no time, "you will need to beg. You know what I expect to hear so don't disappoint me." Looking me up and down she smiled and added, "Although it might be fun to see just how you would earn a ride if I left you here."
I took a quick look around and saw a car pulling up behind her. Blushing furiously I closed my eyes and begged. Once, then again, then opening my eyes I looked straight into her eyes as I said for the third time, "Please treat me like a naughty slutty cum eating chastity slave Miss Dianna."
"I will be glad to Matty. But first we need to get you somewhere a little more private." As if to punctuate her statement the car behind her honked its horn and Dianna chuckled. "Hop in the car and we'll go see what Suzy has planned for the party."