After 8 long weeks working on a construction site in the middle of the desert, I needed some time to relax and recharge my batteries. With four whole weeks to recuperate, I decided I would meet my wife in Tenerife as opposed to flying back to the UK. My rota would have me arrive in Tenerife on the Tuesday where as my wife would not arrive until the Saturday.
Some of you will be aware that Tenerife is a haven for swingers from all over Europe, due to the year long perfect climate. The majority of Swingers are raving exhibitionist and to fulfil that lifestyle you do need decent weather for the women to reveal their bodies and parade around in the most revealing clothing.
Flying in from an Arab state into Tenerife got me on the island at 6:30am. Breezing through passport control, I hopped into a taxi and made my way to the hotel. My wife had booked us in to a 5 star hotel, which had recently underwent a full refurbish.
Checking in to the Hotel, my bags were taken to the room by the bell hop while I sipped my complimentary cocktail sitting in the expansive marble lobby. The time was now 7:45am and the lobby was becoming quite active. The European early risers were walking toward the pool to get the best locations for a day of sunbathing, and it was a wonderful sight for someone who had been cooped up in the middle of the desert with no female company.
Some of the ladies were not the most appealing, but still managed to display a lot of flesh, however some of them were most appealing. One in particular struck my eye as she stood patiently waiting for husband as he spoke to the receptionist. She was medium height with mouse brown hair, with blonde highlights peppered through it. Her figure was slender where it should be and her ass and breasts appeared firm and curvy.
She was wearing a bright pink shiny bikini, which was extremely tight and rather small, possibly a size too small but sensational nonetheless.
The bikini bottoms were thong backed, which was clearly visible through the sarong she sported around her slender waist. She was holding a rather large shoulder bag which appeared to be holding all of her and her husbands requirements for the next few hours.
But the thing that set me off was that she was wearing glass platformed stripper shoes, making her legs look long and her butt high and tight.
Her husband joined her and they walked out to the pool, passing me as they headed through the door. From their brief conversation I detected that they were English tourists as they walked out on to the patio. I got up from the sofa holding my cocktail and followed them.
They were spreading their towels over their sun loungers, which were located at the north end of the poolside, ensuring they would get sun all day.
The other interesting point is that the north side was quite secluded and allowed a little more privacy and intimacy. I observed a spare sun lounger right next to the females, and made my way over. I approached the pair and said.
"Would you mind if I take this lounger next to you?"
"Not at all, be my guest" the husband said in a friendly tone.
"Thank you very much" I replied "It's quite difficult to get good seats sometimes. Would you mind keeping an eye on my drink and lounger while I pop up and get changed?" I enquired.
"Not at all. It will be here for you when you return" he said reassuringly.
I placed my drink down on the table beside my lounger and noticed that his hot wife was laying face down on the lounger next to mine. My dark sunglasses were hiding where I was looking but I can assure you that my eyes were staring at her perfectly formed bottom, with the cheeks tantalisingly separated by her tight shiny pink thong.
I walked past the young couple, delighted at my choice of lounger and headed up to my room to change into a pair of swim shorts. I made sure they would be loose fitting as I knew I would be spending quite a long time with a full blown erection staring at the sexual vision.
After quick rinse under the shower, I stepped into my swim shorts and flips flops, picked up a book, towel and some sun tan lotion and headed back to the poolside. As I approached the sun lounger the couple both smiled at me welcomingly. I took my seat and nodded my thanks toward them. The waitress was in our vicinity as I caught her attention.
"A very large Vodka with lemon and lime, and whatever these two kind people would like to drink" I stated nodding my head toward the couple next to me.
"That's not necessary!" He smiled in a friendly manner.
"Nonesense! You've been so kind to watch my drink and Lounger. It's the least I could do!" I replied cheerily "I'm Neil" I continued holding my hand out.
"Hi Neil. I'm Dave and this is my wife Mel" he said shaking my hand.
"Pleased to meet you Dave and Mel. Please tell the waitress what you would like to drink" I smiled
Dave ordered a Heineken for himself and a Long Island Tea for Mel.
We chatted nonchalantly until the drinks arrived, then chunked glasses and wished each other good health.
Mel lifted her body up slightly to raise her glass, revealing a hint of side boob with a delightful cleavage. Her skin was lightly tanned and appeared silky smooth. Her impressive cleavage, tight taut buttocks, long slender legs and what appeared to be a very narrow waist were distracting my attention from the conversation with Dave.
I was nodding my head, intimating I was still taking part in the conversation, when Mel turned over on her back. The front view was just as impressive as the rear. Mel's breasts were at least a C cup, filling her tiny triangled pink shiny bikini, which just covered the nipple area of her breasts, which if I'm not mistaken, were standing proud and erect, pushing against the shiny pink fabric. Mel raised herself up on her elbows, leaning back slightly, as she eased forward a tad.
This caused her tiny pink bikini bottoms to tightly encase her obviously shaved pussy, outlining a wonderful camel toe. The bikini bottoms were so shiny and tight, you could almost make out the shape of her clitoris. There was no way there was any pubic hair on her mound, so smooth was the effect of the tight shiny fabric that any hair would have been witnessed. Mel opened her legs, placing each leg on the outside of her lounger.
Dave was sitting at the top of his lounger at face level with Mel. I however was sitting at the bottom of my lounger enjoying the delightful views I'm describing to you.
With her legs parted, she eased forward just a fraction, pulling the bikini bottoms into her delectable pussy, the shiny pink fabric almost at breaking point. It would seem that Mel could be a bit of a player if this scenario was being played out intentionally.
Mel lifted her straw to her lips, sliding her red lips over the straw in a most seductive manner. Taking a small drink she removed the straw slowly and deliberately, the straw sliding sensually out of her full red lips. Tantalisingly she licked her wet lips, with the tiniest hint of a sexual smile.
Her tongue gently ran over her sexy full lips, unwittingly teasing me, then her white teeth gently chewed her bottom lip in a deliberate teasing manner.
Mel placed her drink on my table then leant back on the sun lounger, absorbing the warm rays of sunshine on to her delectable body. Dave was oblivious to his wife's teasing and seemed to be looking in the opposite direction.
We were all wearing dark sunglasses, which made it impossible to see where the others were looking, but Dave's head was pointing in the opposite direction. Mel lay still as Dave and I quietly spoke across her sexy body. Due to the fact I was wearing such dark sunglasses, Dave would be unaware how much my eyes were drinking in the curves and flesh of his resting wife.
I can't recall a single part of our conversation, but I can recite every deep breath Mel took, pushing her C cup breasts upwards with each inhale. We sat like this for about thirty minutes, when Dave stood up and said he was off to the hotel gymnasium. Kissing his wife on the forehead, he stood from his lounger and walked off into the direction of the gym. You could see a faint red glow on Mel's skin as the hot sun began to tan her soft smooth skin.
Mel sat up, with her feet either of her sun lounger, again placing a serious strain on the tight shiny pink material of her tiny bikini bottoms. Her camels toe was clearly evident as she turned her head toward me, smiling salaciously.
"Would you feel comfortable rubbing my tanning lotion on me?" She smiled "Dave's at the gym and I can feel the heat on my skin"
Picking up her bottle of Hawaiian Tropic sun oil, she handed it to me and lay on her stomach.
Opening the bottle I poured a tiny pool into my cupped hand and smoothed the liquid on Mel's shoulders. The light brown liquid ran down her back with a trickle running over her shoulders, meandering its way towards her breasts.
I slowly massaged the oil into her shoulders and upper back and heard the odd light moan of approval, as my hands and fingers stroked and tenderised her sexy soft skin. I picked up the oil and poured a small amount into the hollow of her back. Placing the bottle back on the ground, I placed my hands on her soft flesh once more and began to massage the oil into her flawless skin. Spreading the oil out from the small of her back out toward her waist.
My fingers spread out and began to slide up and down her waist, rubbing the oil into her sun warmed flesh. As my fingers glided down her waist, I saw her firm smooth buttocks rise slightly. A faint moan of appreciation emanated from her mouth as my fingers stroked the oil into her side boobs. My cock was beginning to come to life now, enjoying the pleasure of oiling up such sexy smooth skin. Moving down the sun lounger I placed a line on each of Mel's calfs, smoothing the oil in to her flesh gently but firmly. Mel curled her legs back toward her ass, allowing me to smooth oil into the front of her lower legs. As rubbed the oil into her skin I noticed her legs part ever so slightly, giving me a perfect view of her tight smooth slit. Pouring a line of oil on the backs of both thighs, I spread the oil out ward. Moving inward I used my thumbs, running them up Mel's inner thighs.The gentle involuntary thrusts were unmistakeable as my thumbs began to arouse this vixens inner thighs.
Next I poured a small dollop of oil on both cheeks of Mel's ass. The light brown liquid ran down her firm buttocks as I palmed the oil into those wonderful buttocks. My fingers spread out as I manipulated the liquid into those perfect buttocks, my thumbs drifting closer to her thong as her breathing quickened. I moved my thumbs into the crack of her ass, hearing a soft moan of pleasure leave her mouth.
My thumbs ran up and down the length of her sexy thong as my palms manipulated her buttocks. Running my hand to the top of her buttocks, I slid them forward on her hips as she raised them allowing me better access. Sliding my hands down her hips,I returned my hands to her buttocks, this time being more obvious with my exploration of her buttocks, firmly squeezing her magnificent orbs, as my thumbs slid closer to her asshole and pussy.
The tips of my thumbs were grazing Mel's outer labia, gently teasing her pussylips. I pushed my thumbs firmly but gently toward Mel's asshole, as I witnessed her raise her butt upward and part her legs slightly, inviting me to see and push my thumbs in the direction of her rosebud. My thumbs were now sliding inside the tiny strip of thong as Mel pushed her ass toward my thumbs, moaning with obvious sexual pleasure and gently rotating her hips in a mock fucking action. There was no way of hiding my erection as Mel turned hear head back toward me with a smile on her flushed face.
Her eyebrows raised as she observed my erection pushing against my shorts. Turning on her back she smiled seductively and whispered.
"Oil my front please!" She whispered in a hushed subservient tone. If this young lady wasn't a player then she was definitely a world class tease, and I do like a good tease.
I poured oil onto her thighs, stomach and upper shoulders, watching the shiny liquid ran down her beautiful skin. I rubbed the oil into her thighs first, my thumbs firmly gliding up and down her inner thighs, encouraging her to open her legs slightly.
The tightness of her thong was revealing her shaved slit as my thumbs moved in that direction. My thumbs moved slowly under the tight front of her shiny pink thong, confirming her pussy was indeed shaved smooth. My thumbs moved to her shaved slit, feeling the warm wetness of her soft pussylips, as I dipped the tips of thumbs inside her pussylips. She let out a very throaty moan followed by the words "Oh yes!" as I pulled her lips apart, watching her shiny pink thong slide further in to her tight wet hole as I massaged her sex al fresco.
I was sexually excited not only to be feeling up such a sex goddess, but that it was another man's wife was a strange sense of alpha male power. I looked intensely watching my thumbs slide up, down, in and out of the delightfully tight shaved pussy. I raised my eyes to scan the area to ensure no one was watching and to my horror I noticed hiding behind a bush was Dave, leeringly watch me feel up his wife.
I was about to remove my thumbs when Dave smiled and nodded for me to continue.
I looked somewhat startled, but Dave nodded encouragingly for me to continue. This was another level for me, sexually exploring a sexy woman whilst her husband watched approvingly.
I removed my thumbs from Mel's pussy and poured a copious amount of suntan oil on her breasts and began to massage the oil in to her firm breasts, sliding my hands beneath the tiny pink triangles of the bikini top. Mel looked up at me smiled as she arched her back, thrusting her pert breasts forward.
My fingers were gliding back and forth on her very erect nipples, as I watched her breathing quicken, her chest heaving up and down and her pupils dilating with arousal. I slid my oil soaked hands out of the bikini top and began to massage the oil I'd earlier poured on her taut flat stomach. My touch was light and gentle and I could visibly see the shudder of excitement as my fingertips tantalised her body. Her legs opened slightly as my fingertips slid inside her bikini bottoms where I confirmed this pussy was completely hairless.
Stroking her shaven slit I slipped my middle finger inside her pussy and began to increase the speed of my actions. Mel was biting her lip to suppress the noise of her sexual arousal. Lifting her ass off the lounger, she placed her feet inside her glass high heels as her hips were thrusting toward my finger. I grinned salaciously as I pressed on the spongy flesh of her Gspot. Mel grabbed my arm and began pushing it closer to her pussy as though my arm was some kind of sex toy. Mel began to pant and whimper quietly, stifling the sound as much as she could as a powerful unfaithful orgasm swept through her.
Dave looked over grinning like a Cheshire Cat as his loyal wife thrust her unfaithful pussy at the finger of an entire stranger. I removed my finger from Mel's soaked pussy and placed the cum drenched finger at her lips. The hungry slut began to lick her orgasm from my finger as Dave walked over toward us.
"I knew you would be a good one!" Dave said smiling excitedly.
"Dave, he's better than good. If his cocks as good as his finger then we've hit the jackpot!" Mel smiled at her husband.
The look on my face was somewhat confused at the events occurring. Mel saw the confusion and interjected.
"Dave and I have been talking of swinging for some time now, and his big fantasy is to watch me get really fucked by a dominant man. The thought appeals to me, so we thought we'd experiment when we went on holiday. If you want you can fuck me, any hole you want, I've got some sexy lingerie with me and I'll be your dirty slut as long as Dave can watch!" She smiled exposing her erect nipples.
Placing my thumb and forefinger on her erect left nipple I began to twist the flesh and smiled.
"You'll be my dirty slut for a couple of days, but Dave can't join in. He can only watch as I do unspeakable things to his wife while she tells him as it happens!" I said in a dominant tone "I'll fuck you in your room and Dave will sleep on the floor while you share your marital bed with me!"
I was new to this scene but I was adapting instantly.
Dave nodded subserviently, agreeing with my demands while Mel smiled excitedly and slid her hand inside my swim shorts.
Her long slender fingers slid the length of my shaft as she grinned and said.
"Oh Dave his cock is a lot bigger and harder than yours. Maybe he'll stretch me too much for you to ever fill me again!"
Dave swallowed as his cheeks flushed, obviously enthralled by the verbal torment from his wife.
"You did say any hole?" I enquired.
"I'm your slut so do to me as you wish. I'll suck your cock, lick your balls, lick your ass, fuck my pussy and fuck my ass!" She smiled enjoying her husbands torment "You can come inside me or in my mouth or on my face. As I said I'm your slut!" She confirmed stroking my cock.
I smiled at Mel then looked at Dave.
"Lets get my slut up to your room while I fuck your unfaithful wife!" I snarled "And you can remove her bikini in the lift. I need my slut naked and ready for me!" I reaffirmed.
Mel smiled the most wicked smile and Dave flushed even more.
We all stood up from the loungers, gathering our stuff. I noticed both Dave and I were sporting erections which we hid precariously with our beach towels.
Mel gave my bulge one last stroke then tottered ahead on her glass high heels, as I admired the sway of her hips, sending her tight ass cheeks on a sexual journey. The oil was glistening on her tanned skin, creating a stunning sexual look.
Her waist look very narrow and her tight bubble butt looked so inviting. She turned her head back to see if I was watching, she smiled seductively and flashed her erect nipple teasingly, twisting it slightly. She giggled excitedly, thrilled at the thought that a new cock was going to fuck her and do so as her husband watched. I gazed at her slender legs, knowing I would be between them as she continued on her way to the elevators.
As we all reached the elevators, Mel removed her sunglasses and turned her back toward me, offering me her open mouth to kiss. I brushed my lips over hers as her tongue slid inside my mouth, gentle moans of pleasure breathed into my mouth. The elevator door opened and the three of us piled in. The door closed with only the three of us inside.
"Take her bikini off!" I instructed Dave.
He looked somewhat hesitant until Mel piped up.
"You heard him! Get the slut naked now!" She demanded with a confident smile on her face.
Dave undid her bikini top as her perfect 34C breasts were finally exposed. Mel smiling and pushing those perfect breasts forward, slid her bikini bottoms down slowly, bending over showing her peach of an ass, exposing her tight shaved slit as the bottoms fell at her ankles. Stepping out of the thong, she turned round and kissed me passionately as Dave picked up her tight shiny pink thong.
My hands cupped her naked ass and lifted her above my waist. Mel wrapped those glorious legs around my waist and whispered.
"I cant wait to feel you inside me!"
Dave grinned approvingly as I pulled his wife's cheeks apart, stretching her tight asshole in the process. Dave stared at his wife's stretched asshole. The juices were glistening on her shaved slit, as I slipped my thumb in to her perfect rosebud.
"Oh fuck yes!" Mel sighed as my thumb slid in and out of her sphincter.
"Take it slut! My cock will be the next thing inside your ass and you will taste your juices off my cock like the filthy cheating slut you're about to become!" I growled as Mel moaned in ecstasy at my sexual domination.
"Please fuck me!" she begged, bent over naked in an elevator with a strangers thumb pushing into her asshole.
The elevator doors opened on their floor. Dave popped his head out to see if anyone was walking around. I pushed Mel out of the lift revealing her sexy naked form to the obvious security cameras adorned around the corridor.
Dave rushed up to their room and slid the electronic key into the locking device. The light flashed green and Dave pushed the door open excitedly. I pulled Mel back from walking into the room and pushed her down on her knees and whispered forcibly to her.
"Suck my cock out here in the corridor!"
Mel squirmed and moaned, obviously aroused by my insistence and being treated like the slut she had always wanted to be.
Unfurling my cock from my shorts, she stared at the first erection other than her husbands she'd seen in quite some time. Holding the base of my cock with her small feminine hands, a salacious grin spread across her face as she began to stroke my cock slowly.
Mel moved the tip of my cock to her mouth and slowly ran her tongue around my exposed glans.
Her eyes looking up into mine, she slid her soft lips over my shaft, continuously swirling her tongue, until my cock was at the back of her throat. She placed her tongue of the underside of my cock and swallowed my cock beyond her gagging point. Her tongue slid out above her bottom lip, slithering around the base of my cock.
This was one of the horniest things I had ever seen. My cock deep inside a beautiful mouth as the tongue excited my shaft. Mel had serious player potential with cock sucking skills like this. She gave one more swallow as my cock was vacuumed by her throat, gripping my length majestically. Her final piece de resistance was wriggling the tip of her tongue onto my hanging balls as her delicious mouth gripped my entire length.
Mel was one seriously hot slut with sensational sexual skills. We'd only met an hour ago and here I was having her mouth do things to my cock I never thought possible as her husband watched approvingly.
I looked down at Mel who was still maintaining eye contact and smiled.
"You look like a proper cheating slut with a cock in your mouth!" I said as Mel's eyes rolled ecstatically.
"This cock sucking slut is so good, I may have to pimp her out as my whore!" I said looking down at Mel "She should have lots of cocks to suck and spunk into her mouth!"
Dave's face flushed even more, enjoying watching his wife suck cock and be verbally aroused, Mel was in sexual heaven, acting the slut freely.
"Take your hands off my cock and spread your cheeks, so your husband can see the stretched holes I'm about to fill with cock and spunk!"
Mel's eyes rolled and her body quivered at the way I spoke and treat her. Dave was also visibly shaking at the way I was treating his wife and how obedient she was following my commands.
Mel removed her hands form my cock, placing them on her butt cheeks and spreading the fleshy globes to reveal her sweet rosebud and smooth shaved slit.
"Now show your husband how you will move when my cock is deep inside you!"
Mel moaned throatily as my cock enjoyed the vibrations of her moan. Her eyes almost rolled into the back of her head, her state of arousal was so high.
Obediently she held her pussy and ass open as her hips began to roll as the she was fucking someone. The way her hips moved was a delightful indication that not only was she going to be a dirty fuck, she was also going to be a magnificent ride.
I looked over at Dave standing speechless, staring at his wife, more aroused than he had ever seen, acting the cheating slut before his very eyes.
"Dave lick Mel's ass and push your tongue inside. I need it clean and wet for later!" I ordered.
Dave sank to his knees and almost dived head first into Mel's ass. His tongue swirling around the rim of her asshole, then sliding beyond her sphincter.
Mel's eyes closed as she thrived on the sexual feelings her husband was providing, licking and tonguing her ass gently, preparing her tightest hole to be fucked while she broke their wedding vows, with a strangers cock plunging in to her soon to be unfaithful ass.
Mel was panting with lust as Dave licked her asshole. I stepped away from Mel and closed the hotel room.
Mel held on to the door frame, as her orgasm swept through her. Her verbal assault of her husband continued.
"Lick my ass and prepare me for a real mans cock!" She purred.
Dave's eyes rolled with sexual delight as his wife began to taunt him.
I stepped out of my shorts and sat on the sofa in their room, watching Mel thrust her ass on to Dave's tongue. Her body was sleek and shiny, her perfect breasts swaying as she rode Dave's tongue. I halted proceeding by snarling.
"Over here slut and slide your shaved cunt on my cock!"
Mel smiled a crooked sexy smile as she stood wearing her Glass high heel stripper shoes, walking slowly toward me. Her shaved pussy looked deliciously tight as her slit shone with a mixture of oil and Dave's saliva.
She placed a leg either side of my own and slowly climbed on my lap. Holding my rampant cock with her right hand, she eased her pussy toward my rock hard erection and whispered.
"Please fuck me. I want to be your whore!"
Mel kissed my lips, nibbling the flesh as she placed my cock at her opening. Her tongue slid inside my mouth as she twirled her tongue around mine.
"Slide your unfaithful cunt on my cock. Fuck me slowly whore, so your husband can watch another man take his wife's pussy!"
Mel slid slowly on to my cock as inch by inch it was enveloped by the tightest sweetest pussy I'd ever been inside.
"Oh fuck yes! Do me!" She screamed riding my cock slowly.
Dave stood behind her, watching my cock stretch his wife's tight hole. His face was flushed and his eyes wide open as he stared at another mans cock fucking his beautiful wife. He pulled his shorts off to reveal an average size cock, but this was painfully hard. His balls were tight and ready to empty. He began to stroke his cock in rhythm with Mel's fucking.
I was sure that his mouth was salivating, watching his slut wife break her marriage vows as she slid up and down my pole. Mel's pussy was sensationally tight and she was using her hips to full capacity, riding my cock like an expert whore.
She must have been almost dying to try extra marital cock, her arousal and enthusiasm was so high.
"Oh Dave his cock is so deep. It goes much deeper than yours!" She panted "I'm not sure I could take all of this cock up my ass, but it's going to be fun trying!"
Dave looked startled and excited simultaneously as Mel ground her tight shaved pussy on my rampant cock. Mel placed her right hand behind her back and gently scraped her long fingernails over my recently shaved balls.
"I can't wait to have these empty as you spunk all over my cheating slut face!" She said degrading herself and arousing both Dave and I.
"You'll wipe every drop off your cumslut face and swallow it all. Your cuckold husband can kiss you afterwards and taste my cum on your lips and breath!" I ordered.
Dave and Mel both groaned with pleasure at my sexual instructions.
"Fuck yeah!" Mel panted "Use me as your whore!"
"Yeah! Please it stick it to the bitch!" Dave enthused, stroking his cock slowly, his pre cum dripping onto the carpet of their hotel room "Cum on the sluts face!"
"I'm going to spunk on the sluts face now!" I snarled through gritted teeth.
Mel jumped off my cock, shiny and glistening from her pussy juice. Kneeling on the floor in front of me, I stood up holding my cock as spunk began to spurt out of my cock, spraying Mel's face with a heavy load of come. As the last spurt burst from my cock, Dave groaned and his own orgasm spewed from his cock landing on the hotel room carpet.
Mel took my spent cock in her mouth and began to lick and suck the shaft and bell end clean. Looking up into my eyes, she really put a show on for her husbands benefit, performing like a porno slut as she kept my spent cock semi erect. I sat back on the small sofa and instructed Dave to kiss his wife and taste how unfaithful she had been.
Dave bent over and pulled Mel's head back. Mel was scooping all of my spunk off her face and swallowing every drop. Her right hand moved between her legs, her index finger moving tantalisingly along her shaved slit. With every drop swallowed, Dave placed his lips over Mel's and they began to kiss passionately. Mel began to finger her pussy, squelching noisily as her finger rattled in and out of her tight hole.
Mel broke the kiss and smiled.
"Do you like the taste of another mans cock on my slut lips?" she grinned tormenting her husband.
Dave nodded approvingly and began to lick her cheeks and chin.
"Finger your ass!" I instructed.
Mel obeyed willingly, moving her finger from her pussy and into her ass.
"Dave lick her pussy where my cock has just been fucking your slut wife!"
Dave and Mel both moaned as they parted from their kiss. Mel lay back as she fingered her ass, her legs high and wide revealing her shaved pussy and tight pink hole.
Dave knelt between her legs and began to lap at her cunt like a cat with a saucer of cream. Running his tongue up and down her smooth groove then plunging his tongue deep inside where my cock had just been.
I watched this spectacle for a good five minutes, until my cock was rock hard and ready to go again, but this time in her ass.