If you haven't read the previous chapters, you don't need to do it now, there is no sequence in these memories, they will go back and forth and can be read independently from each other.
Although we broke up back in 2015, I still cherish some good memories from Jessica, my ex, 1,80m high (almost my height) and not thin, not chubby, just the right amount of flesh to grab and fondle, her mother used to call it "baby fat", natural brunette with a little longer than shoulder length hair and a good handful of tits (no idea the size)! Those memories are good specially because I had a thing about exhibit her and because she, somehow and although very self conscious of her body, always allowed me to do that.
This story is based on true facts but I may have gone from real history to wishful thinking, let you decide what is true and what is my imagination...
____
The first time we took Jessica's cousin Jenny to the beach with us is also a nice memory. It was maybe summer of 2000, or maybe 2001. Still early days of our relationship and I was still far away from having Jessica going topless at the beach.
And that day seemed like a normal day, nothing special expected to happen, I barely knew her cousin, so I was feeling that it was going to be just another normal beach day. Yet, once Jenny's t-shirt comes out, a new story plot develops: I see a very thin bikini top (looked like a sports bra), with a hint of a nipple under, and then, after removing the lycra long pants, a very nice shorts bottom, molding a very nice ass. Jenny, a blond and blue eyes cute young girls, maybe 19 by then, was never a show-off, always use normal clothes, no cleavage or short skirts, very discrete - much like Jessica.
Jessica, from the corner of her eyes, saw me checking her cousin but said nothing. At least to me: "Jenny, cous, where did you get that bikini? I've never seen it before...", she pushed the conversation that so far had only been about weather, lack of wind or dirtiness on the beaches.
"Ah, it was my mom that gave it to me", replied Jenny - aunt C had a small factory, where she finished clothes, sewing it for different brands and make it ready to be sold on the most famous brand stores all over the world. Sometime, she could get some of the products she made, small amounts of them, giving it to nephews and friends.
"Wow!", said Jessica, "aunt C is really crazy!"
A little shocked, Jenny asks: "Why?"
Jessica understands in that moment, that she went too far, but kept the same direction: "Not me saying, that's my mom and anties that always say that! I can cope with her quite well, you know me!". Sometimes we see a wall on our path and we just can't detour and keep going into it!
Jenny wasn't fully convinced but, being a nice girl, she kind of changed subject: "But you think it's too much?"
Jess just laugh... and pointed to me. "Hey!", I said, "I don't know nothing, if it's on me you may as well go topless, that's what I keep saying to Jess - those bikini marks are awful, never liked them, never will!"
"See?", Jenny took it from me, "at least with this bikini top there are no marks, it let's most of the sun pass but without having really to go topless!" and with that she lowers the straps a little more, almost daring to show the areolas but not just quite there.
By then my dick was getting hard, at least a semi, and all I could think is how I could play that see-through bikini of Jenny in my advantage, to make Jess go topless for the first time - obviously, if you read the previous chapters, you know that today it was not going to be the first time Jess would go topless, yet.
Things settled down and we just let the sun and the breeze make us quiet and no much talk happened for some time. Later, both girls went for a dive. They stayed there for a while, maybe half hour at least, and all I could see from the distance, as I have stayed in the towel watching our belongings, is that Jess pointed a few times to Jenny's boobies, and Jenny would laugh a lot, sometimes even holding her boobies too and pushing out the bikini top. Just in case, I rolled over to my belly, as I sensed my dick will become totally hard very soon...
And so it was, because when both girls return and started drying themselves, Jess made a clear point: "See, baby, it's almost transparent, totally see-through without the lining. In the water was just like if she didn't wear that top..."
"And that's ok for me, you should have some bikinis like those too, baby", I told her. "In fact it's a pitty you don't just take that top off, Jenny, your cousin has a point: it's almost like you don't wear it!", I tried my luck.
Jenny was a little flushed, probably as much excited as my dick with that little exhibition, but she didn't do much to cover herself. On the opposite, she lay down on her back, adjusted the straps down a little again and didn't care that much if the nipples were clearly visible under the bikini top fabric - but she didn't take it, only replied "I'm not that much comfortable taking the top off... And Jessica would probably kill me if I do it!" and laughed.
Jess also laid down between her cousin and me but, just like me, belly down, telling "Of course I would not kill you, it's just I would not do it too, but you are over 18, you can do it if you want, this is still a free country..." and adjusted her position on the towel. I just used the opportunity to apply another coat of sunscreen on her and, in a daring move back then, untied the bikini top in the neck. Applied some lotion, massaged her and then untied the lower strap of the bikini - and Jess, for the first time, allowed me do that on both straps even if her full body was pressing against the towel.
Again, no much more words were spoken after this, but she never turned around, although Jess did raised herself a little from the towel, enough to show some side boobies but never what it takes to have the full boobies standing free and visible. That day would come years later...
But still, I was very, very happy that day. My ex allowed me to totally untie the bikini top for the first time - the first of many, from that day forward, as I guess I always did that to her on the beach from that moment in the future. Furthermore, as a bonus, I could had a glimpse of what Jenny's tits would look like on that see through bikini top, though it would take me a few more years to really see them. But definitely it's a good memory that I recall from that day, because sometimes the promise of a boobie it's more erotic than really seeing it...