This story concludes in the next chapter. Comments are welcome. All characters are fictional and cannot help themselves from being what they are.
* * *
"I just wish my parents weren't being such dicks about this," said Hannah, setting her black roller bag up on the curb in front of the terminal doors. Throngs of travelers were bustling through the doors. Flakes of swirling snow caught in her maroon wool cap and blonde strands of her bobbed hair.
Hannah's parents had not-too-subtly excluded Ben from coming with Hannah to spend the holidays with them at her little brother's new place.
"Don't worry about it, Hannah-belle," said Ben, pulling her checked luggage, stuffed full of gifts, out of the back and setting it next to the carry-on. "They can't avoid me forever. It'll happen."
"I can't wait," sighed Hannah. "I know it's silly, but it's important to me."
"Me too," Ben said. He brushed a stray strand of hair away from her cheek. "Now kiss me before—"
"Move it along," boomed a police officer. He sounded bored.
"Too late," said Ben.
As he smiled, Hannah moved in for a kiss. Her lips were still warm from the last of her coffee, and she pressed herself into him. Their parkas squished together, deflating. "I love you," she whispered.
"I love you too," Ben said. "I'll see you soon."
And just like that, Ben found himself alone in town with no plans for a week.
* * *
Esha, stuck with lab duties, joined Ben at a Chinese restaurant a few days later. Taylor had gone up north on a photo shoot. Over hot and sour soup and draft beer, she confided that she didn't think her thing with him would last much longer.
"Is he seeing someone else?"
"No—that's just it; it's always work all the time. There's no way he has time to go out on dates. Then again, here I am working on my Ph.D.; I don't have time to be the only person in his life, and vice versa. We haven't had a good—" Esha's voice broke off as she was looking around at the half-dozen other diners. "Let's just say, it's been a while."
"Sorry to hear that," said Ben. "Especially since you helped Hannah and I get back on track."
Esha took a gulp of her beer. "Ohreally?Hmm-hmm...do tell."
"Just after you and I talked about the problems Hannah and I were having, I gave it a lot of thought. So Hannah and I had that conversation. Since then, well—let's just say we had averynice goodbye before her trip."
"Did you tell her?"
"Not exactly."
Esha raised her eyebrow. "Ben, you promised you'd tell her. Monogamy—"
"No, no...she knows something happened. No details, except that it was you; she believes me and—well, actually, it's more like, she trustsyoumore than she believesme. We talked a lot, about perceptions, fantasies, insecurities. We decided to leave the past alone. So we redrew the lines a little—and then a little more—but just talk for now. Part of that talk, about the future, got kind of...specific."
"Specific about the two of you?"
"Yeah, we talked alotabout us and we got to a very good place. We're commited to each other, we know that." He paused, looking Esha in the eye. "Part of that commitment is honesty...about other feelings."
"Don't be mysterious, Ben."
Ben smiled and reached for his wallet. "No mystery. Let me settle the bill and we can go someplace a little more private. Suffice it to say, your name came up, and Taylor's, and if you two are splitting..."
* * *
"—just a touch of snow and light wind, with a temperature just below freezing. Local time is eleven thirty-two," the flight attendant said over the intercom. "We will be deplaning momentarily."
Hannah turned on her phone and texted Ben that she'd landed. He replied:Flight get in okay?
Yeah,she texted back.I'll be out in a minute.
After several inexplicable minutes of standing in line, Hannah finally found herself striding up the gangway, pulling her carry-on behind her. She'd stuffed her big orange parka in between the two black metal struts of the handle.
Then came the long walk back to the security checkpoint. Beyond it stood one or two limo drivers and only a few expectant relatives. There hadn't been many business people on the flight; it was mostly families travelling back home together.
No Ben.
Hannah paused and looked around, then pulled out her phone. As she was unlocking the keypad, she had to do a double-take—one tall drink of water wasn't who she expected at all. He was a raven-haired, clean-shaven man wearing a bright red parka and smiling his big crooked, impossibly cute smile.
"Taylor?!"
* * *
Light spilled through Hannah's door into the dark apartment. Taylor hefted Hannah's suitcase across the threshold. It wasn't too heavy; Hannah could've taken it herself, but Taylor had insisted on seeing her in. It was well after midnight, and Hannah appreciated that he hadn't just dumped her in the parking lot.
As for Taylor being there at all... His only remark about Ben's absence had been, "Ben just asked if I could give you a ride. He said you'd understand."
When Hannah switched on the light, she discovered a bottle of merlot sitting on her modular Swedish coffee table. Sitting conspicuously next to next to the bottle was a handwritten note on a folded scrap of heavy-weight sketch paper. It read:
Here he is, a present all wrapped up for you. Enjoy yourself - he knows the rules. Have fun... -Ben
Hannah folded the paper over in her hands, and tossed a look at Taylor. He was standing half inside the doorway, trying to look bashful.
"Ben's not coming over, is he?"
Taylor froze.
Hannah set the note down. "I know why you're here," she admitted. "But honestly, it's been a long trip. Let's just...hang out for a bit. Talk."
"Of course," Taylor said, nodding. "Do you want a glass of wine after a long day of travelling?"
"Hmm, that really sounds perfect. I mean, aweekunder the same roof as my family. You would not believe what my mother said when..."
They wandered into the kitchen. Taylor encouraged Hannah to vent as he pulled out her folding waiter's corkscrew (always top drawer, left of the stove, ever since Hannah quit that restaurant) and two stemless wineglasses.
Hannah accepted her drink like water in the desert. She thanked Taylor and took a long gulp.
"You weren't kidding," Taylor laughed. "A week at your brother's house with no drinking? I'm shocked."
She shook her head. "Of course it's no big deal ifhedrinks, but mother always comments if I have a glass. We all just wait until she goes to bed, but that can be a long wait."
Taylor topped off his own glass and refilled Hannah's. They locked eyes, clinked glasses and held eye contact through the first drink.
"Dad asked about you," she continued, drawing out her words. She looked away. "He thought we were still together so he didn't understand what mother's problem was."
"That must've driven her crazy."
Hannah smiled. "You should have seen. She launched into a thing about fathers needing to be protective and he just shrugged and goes, 'Hannah can have all the boyfriends she wants if they're half as good as Ben or Taylor.' That shut the whole evening down. Mother went into the bedroom crying, Dad went after her and my brother and I just stayed up playing board games until his new girlfriend came over."
"How is he, anyway? Your brother."
They wandered into the living room and Hannah made herself comfortable on the floor, sitting cross-legged.
"Still not the same," she said, "Not since he broke up with Katie. I mean he'sreallyplaying the field. He told me he even slept with one of his TAs—aftergrades were turned in, thank god."
Taylor set his wine on the coffee table. He knelt behind Hannah and massaged her shoulders. He felt about a half-dozen knots beneath her blouse, the biggest of which sat directly under the strap of her bra.
The room filled with silence as Hannah's voice trailed off and she curved back into Taylor's arms.
After several quiet minutes, she sighed. "I really like this." She stopped Taylor's hand on her shoulder with her own. "But if you keep going I'm just going to fall asleep."
"Should I leave?"
Hannah bit her lip, then turned to look at Taylor out of the corner of her eye. "I can't finish that bottle by myself. Let's do something else."
* * *
Hannah put on slow and sensual instrumental music with exotic instruments, turned down low and perfect for after-midnight conversation. Taylor had one of Hannah's sketch books and was halfway through outlining her features while they talked.
"You know what would feel great?—if you wouldn't mind waiting. I'd like a quick shower. Give me fifteen minutes, tops, and I'll come back to this."
Taylor stopped for a moment, examining his sketch. "Your hair will be all different," he said. He looked at her, screwed up his courage and asked her simply: "Let me watch you."
There it was. Hannah twisted her mouth, trying to think what a femme fatale would say. A blush rose on her cheeks...Finally she just choked out a laugh, nodded and said, "Yeah."
Setting her wine down beside Taylor's, Hannah turned up the music a bit and got to her feet. She did a long stretch, reaching her arms out to the ceiling, and exhaled deeply. She set her feet apart from each other about the breadth of her shoulders and wriggled her toes in the carpet, centering her stance in the middle of the room.
"Here goes," Hannah said, half to herself. She locked eyes with Taylor and started to sway to the beat of the music.
Taylor, realizing what Hannah was about to do, kept her gaze as he shifted in place. He didn't seem to know whether to lean forward or back, or what to do with his hands; he only knew that he couldn't look away.
Hannah licked her lips, breathed out and swung her hips out to the side, then turned her torso slightly, tracing perfect horizontal figure 8s with her hips. Back and forth she danced in time. The look between them grew more intense as Hannah's dance picked up.
She snaked her arms above her head and laced her fingers at the nape of her neck, disheveling her short hair and straining the buttons on her charcoal grey blouse. Her breasts pushed forward.
With just a look, Hannah dared Taylor to break eye contact and succumb to the male gaze. She rolled her pelvis forward, undulating her body as if she were making love to him. He seemed to have been pulled forward bodily, hanging on the edge of his seat.
Returning to the horizontal figure 8s, Hannah smoothed her hands down around the curve of her breasts and pulled the blouse's hem over the waist of her jeans, until the top button threatened to pop open of its own accord.
Snaking her hands back up to her bust, Hannah plunged in headfirst, opening the buttons quickly. The blouse loosened and fell to the sides, exposing her sexy blue satin bra pushing up her cleavage.
She'd forgotten what she had on. Her underwear were brand new; she'd picked them up as a treat for herself, and had worn them tonight to surprise Ben. Now she found herself posing in them for Taylor.
Taylor's eyes were huge as he focused on Hannah's; he was biting his lip and fidgeting. For a moment, he twisted on the couch, stuck out his leg and adjusted the developing bulge in his jeans.
Hannah lost focus for just a second and let her eyes flick down to see him touching his crotch. A moment later, she looked back up at Taylor, whose look of pure lust was joined by his warm, charming grin. Hannah laughed and stopped dancing. She knew she'd lost at her own game.
Rushing to join her in the middle of the room, Taylor practically jumped over the coffee table. He knelt in front of her spread legs and finished opening the last two buttons of her blouse; he was so tall, Hannah could feel his breath on her stomach.
He didn't hesitate when the blouse was open, but immediately began working on her black leather belt.
"Tay, we can't touch each other!" Hannah protested.
"Don't worry," Taylor reassured her. "It's just clothes. Trust me."
When she nodded, Taylor pulled the belt open. His fingers slid inside the waist of her jeans, between denim and satin, and worked open her fly with speed and delicacy.
His hands gripped her waist and paused. Taylor looked up into her eyes again.
Hannah nodded, closed her eyes, and looped the waistband of her panties around her fingers to hold them in place. Taylor yanked her jeans down around her knees.
Now the only thing between her naked body and her ex-lover were a satin blue bra and a pair of matching thong panties.
Taylor smiled, and breathed in the sweet scent of her body spray. His lips were a hair's breadth from her thigh. "I could kneel here all night. You're enchanting." She could feel his words on her skin.
At last, he helped her out of the jeans and blouse, and she did a slow turn in front of him.
"Rules, right?"
"Rules."
Hannah crossed her arms over her head and stood with her weight on one leg. She let him take her in. This was as far as they'd agreed to go: no nudity, no touching, and no sex. Only teasing and playing. Then they'd get off, watching each other.
"Okay," she said, "Shower's this way."
* * *
She couldn't see Taylor through the frosted door of her small apartment shower, but when she passed her bra and panties over the top, his hand popped up to relieve her of them.
The water pipes groaned, and before she leapt out of the way, frigid water had blasted her torso. Goosebumps sprang up, and her nipples crinkled instantly. Hannah cursed—loudly—and pushed her body flat against the glass, trying to dodge the spray.
Taylor hooted.
"Fuck! This water isfuckingfreezing!" Hannah found herself unable to resist the urge to jump in place. When Taylor, in the peanut gallery, shouted his hearty approval, she rolled her eyes and laughed it off.
After a seeming eternity, the water temperature rose and steam started to fill the room.
Hannah ducked beneath the spray and wetted her hair down, still unused to how short it was. By habit, she once again squeezed more shampoo into her hand than she needed. A cascade of lather swept down her body and down the drain. Ah, well.
She pushed her left forearm up against the shower door.
"Nice."
"Yeah?"
"I can just barely see you."
Turning to rinse out the crack of her ass, she lifted her right calf up against the door. Then she leaned in. Taylor would be able to see her bare leg from hip to ankle.
"Very nice."
She pulled back, working sore muscles and washing off all the grime of a day's travel.
"Come on," said Taylor.
He didn't deserve an answer. Hannah turned and leaned up against the back wall of the shower, watching Taylor's figure flit across fly-eyed hexagons in the shower door. She arched her back and slid her middle finger down along her slit, wondering if Taylor could tell she was fingering herself. She almost hoped he would call her out.
A light thrill went through her, and her eyes drifted shut.
Taylor's voice broke her accidental reverie.
"So, hey..." he said. "I have a couple ideas."
* * *
Hannah disappeared into the bedroom for a few minutes. When she called Taylor, he opened her door to find her lying on white sheets, wrapped again in the wide burgundy bath towel, with her arms resting on the pillows behind her. Gentle music was playing from some portable speakers on the nightstand, and Taylor's SLR was set up on the dresser, pointed directly at the bed.
It was recording video of everything they did.
Taylor hadn't discussed the idea with Ben; the video was supposed to remain secret. But if Ben got jealous, Hannah would at least be able to demonstrate in some way that she and Taylor had stuck to the rules.
Or perhaps more to the point...Ben definitely didnotneed to know how much being photographed turned her on.
After checking how Hannah had framed the shot of herself on the bed, he turned and asked, "Where are they?"
She nodded over toward the nightstand. Resting beside a bottle of lotion was a pair of silver handcuffs.
Taylor picked them up, conscious that he had entered the frame, and wrapped them through her iron lattice headboard.
Hannah surrendered her wrists.
The cuffs clicked into place, locking her into position. She rolled her arms, testing the tightness, then nodded.
Taylor pulled off his shirt without unbuttoning it and tossed it away.
"Slower," said Hannah.
He paused, already going for his belt. "Okay," he replied. He turned toward her and leaned against the bed. A silver pendant on a black cord hung down from his neck, over her body. "Let's take it slow."
Then Taylor untucked the towel from itself and hitched up its bottom edge over her thighs until he could see her sapphire satin panties. He pressed his palm on her knee. "Spread your legs."
Hannah shook her shoulders, playfully resisting. "Huh-uh."
"By the way, do we need a safe word or something? I've never tried handcuffs."
"Okay." She smiled. "The safe word is 'no.' Ask nicely."
Taylor removed his hand and kissed the same knee. Then she bent her leg and offered him the top of her foot, and he kissed it too. She moved and straightened it, opening her legs on the bed. Taylor unbuckled his belt and turned to face the camera.
In the mirror, he saw her admiring his body. He unzipped his jeans and pulled them down.
She caught his eye in the reflection. "You've been working out."
"Clean living," said Taylor. He left his boxers on, turned and climbed onto the bed between Hannah's calves. She'd arched one foot and was idly curling her toes. She stopped, put her foot on his thigh and stroked his muscles.
"I still think about one of the first times we met. That time Steve brought you camping with Jake and me."
"Oh god—I haven't thought about that inforever. Believe it or not, I felt really shy around you guys. I mean, look what I did to impress you."
"I'mstillimpressed." Taylor massaged her foot, admiring the shapely athleticism of her legs. "Look, I don't think I ever told you how much it means to me that we're still friends. Even though it didn't work out between us."
"Me too. Plus the benefits."
"Plus the benefits." Taylor loomed over her, taking hold of the headboard railing. Then he leaned down to face her. She licked her lips. They kissed.
He knelt back and opened the towel, draping it across the turned down duvet. Hannah lay before him in the satin bra and thong, cuffed to the bed. He rubbed his crotch with his palm through the material of his boxers.
Hannah was one of the most beautiful women, inside and out, who had ever taken him to bed. She was sharp; she had a free spirit and an artistic temperament. But he'd seen how people underestimated her: she was short, she had wavy, sandy blonde hair, and she was athletic and attractive with toned muscles, distractingly pert breasts and a cute butt. She often tried to dress down, but despite herself, she enjoyed being admired physically.
Now those breasts were held snug in place by the bra, forming beautiful cleavage.
"Goregous," he said. Then he reached beneath her back and felt the clasp of the bra, toying with it in his fingers.
"You know we can't."
"I won't take it off, just undo the snap." Taylor mustered his most innocent, mischievous smile and opened it.
(That's exactly what Ben said,Hannah thought.I swear, men want to have these rules just so they can break something.)
Her breasts fell to the side as the straps and side panels went slack. Hannah arched her back for a moment, repositioning herself comfortably. The little bow in the center of her bra hung over her solar plexus, leaving a small gap between the undersides of her breasts.
"Get my lotion from the nightstand," she said. "I want to watch you use it."
Taylor arched his eyebrow, smiling. He leaned across her again, reaching for the nightstand. Their chests touched as Hannah lifted her back again and her bra slipped a little under his torso. His hips were cradled between her thighs, boxers touching panties and his unmistakable erection pressed onto the flat of her stomach.
"Mm, god—I've missed you inside me," she whispered in his ear, her lips pressed up against his cheeks. The camera wouldn't be able to see her face or pick up the sound of her voice. "So, sobad."
Taylor took the lube and got back up on his knees. "Yeah?"
Hannah bit her lip and nodded naughtily. She stretched and it turned into a little writhe. "Come here," she cooed.
He bent to hear her. "I wish I'd ridden youbareback," she breathed. "I wish I'd swallowed your cum when I had the chance." She nipped his earlobe.
Taylor sat up, smiling but resigned. "Rules are rules though, right?"
Hannah nodded.
Taylor pulled the elastic band of his boxers down under his sack. His cock was at full length, the cut tip swollen and scarlet. He squeezed a dollop of warming jelly out on his palm and slowly coated the shaft down. Hannah watched eagerly. He started stroking, watching her breathing, the rise and fall of her breasts, her downcast eyes and how she licked her lips.
"I used to be so good," Hannah continued. She looked up into his eyes. "Now I'm not so careful anymore."
Taylor put his free hand under the small of her back and lifted her onto his lap, until he felt satin on his scrotum and sensed the moist heat between Hannah's legs. Shackled to the bed, her arms went straight over her head, lifting her breasts; meanwhile her bra didn't slide at all. It rode up to her neck, leaving her breasts in plain view.
"Fuck it," she snorted, "look all you want." Taylor pulled the bra over her head, up to her elbows. She undulated, pushing her pussy up against him. "Keep going."
He'd never seen Hannah with pierced nipples before. Four little flecks of stainless steel adorned her body, two on either end of barbells in the center of her dark tan areolae.
Hannah was wrocking her hips in a circle, pulling against the shaking headboard and crunching her ab muscles as she writhed.
"I love it," she said. "My whole body's actually tingling. I love feeling you move and seeing how you look at me. I can tell how bad you want me."
"Idefinitelywant you," Taylor groaned. "I'm a lucky fucking bastard."
"I love your beautiful bastard cock," replied Hannah. "I love to see you get so hard."
"I'm hard for you."
She bucked her hips again, rubbing her thigh against his shaking forearm. "I can't get enough of you."
"Oh, yeah?"
"Mmm, yeah..." Hannah reached her leg behind him and urged Taylor forward with her calf pressed against the small of his back. "I fantasize about you alot."
"What do you fantasize about?"
"That's my secret. But I remembereveryplace we fucked, and every single time you made me cum."
Taylor leaned it, stretching his body over hers. The rhythm of his strokes made her breasts shake and her piercings glint in the light. He yearned to feel the release of being inside her, but being this close to her—seeing the small hairs around her navel, catching the scent of her body mixed with the cocoa butter lotion she'd used after showering, feeling her heat—intoxicated him. She wasn't sweating, but her skin still had the supple, just-showered glow in the lamplight.
"Yeah," she murmured beneath him. Supine in handcuffs, she offered herself to him. "Do it. Do it for me."
And he erupted. With a shudder and groan, he struggled to keep his eyes open as the first jet of cum shot up over Hannah's torso. It left a long, pearly streak from her navel all the way up to her nipple, just missing the barbell. The second gushed between her belly and the underside of her breast. The last one crossed both, ending in a comma on the waistband of her panties.
Taylor collapsed beside her, his knee bent over her thigh and his face pressed against the side of her body. His lips rested on her breast. "Oh, fuck me," he gasped. His whole body rose and fell with quick, deep breaths.
Hannah opened her palm and handed herself a small silver key. In a few seconds, she had the handcuffs clacking open and her wrists were free again. She set the shackles on the nightstand, tossed her bra on the floor and snuggled in beside Taylor, running her fingers over the tattoo on his biceps.
"You always look so handsome like this," she said. "Sleepy and smiling."
Taylor nestled closer to her and blinked slowly, trying not to close his eyes. He pushed away the knowledge that wasn't allowed to sleep in the bed.
Hannah tapped his shoulder. "Hey," she said. "Scoot in a little."
"Wha...?"
"Scoot. Let me get my arm out."
Taylor obeyed. Hannah smiled at him, sat up on the towel and brushed her hair back through her fingers. She lifted her breasts with her hands, showing off. Then she leaned over him to the night table.
Taylor's sleepiness vanished. He admired Hannah on all fours over him, her breasts grazing his abs and her ass accentuated by the curves of the blue satin thong. Her firm thighs flexed over his stomach as she stretched to reach into the drawer. Inside, she found her slim silver vibrator.
Resting on her heels, knees open in front of her, Hannah sat looking at Taylor curled up on her pillow. In the half shadows of the room, lamplight glinted off the toy—and the cum glistening on her tits and stomach—as she held it up in front of her. "I told Ben," she said, "I wasn't sure if I want you to watch me with this."
Taylor twisted a little. "I can go. I'll go."
"Huh-uh. You shouldstay. But," she added, "you have to promise to be good and stay on top of the sheets."
Taylor nodded. Hannah threw the duvet out of the way. She lay back down, shoved the towel out of the bed, and slid her legs beneath the flat sheet. It rode just above her waist and stuck to her belly.
She dropped the vibrator on the bed; it rolled over and landed beside Taylor. Hannah's hands disappeared under the sheet. After a few moments of wriggling and kicking, they reemerged holding the cum-stained panties.
Before she could drop them on the pile on the floor, Taylor caught her hand. "Hey, hold on. Let me...just for now."
"Ooh, look at you all kinky," Hannah laughed. "Okay, here."
She handed Taylor her panties. Then she got the warming lube, and that too disappeared under the sheet.
"Ahh," she moaned. "Mm, even better." She picked up the vibrator and wriggled her shoulders. "Hey—put your arm around me."
Now Taylor laughed. "What happened to 'no touching'?"
"Burned that bridge behind us, didn't we?" She shook her head. "Anyway, that just means no fingering, groping, handjobs, shit like that. If I'm okay jilling my brains out right in front of you, the least you can do is snuggle."
"Fair point."
"Now," she said, rolling her shoulders and resting the nape of her neck on his arm, "So just keep your lecherous paws off my boobs and we'll be okay."
Her left arm, wedged beside Taylor, slipped under the sheet. Her leg, bent at the knee, rested on Taylor's thigh. Hannah closed her eyes ad her wrist began curling in lazy circles. With her right hand, she traced the outline of her vulva onto the sheet with the vibrator, teasing her labia. With so little left to the imagination, Taylor could see exactly the line of her slit and what she was doing with her fingers. After several passes with the vibrator, it too vanished under the sheet, propping up the cloth like a tent over the delta between her folded knees.
Turning to look into Taylor's dark brown eyes, Hannah pushed her shoulders back into his, batting her eyes. There was a click and a buzz from beneath the cover; her body tensed and her lips parted as the sound became muffled. Hannah quivered visibly.
"Oh god," she moaned. Taylor wrapped his arm closer around her, caressing her flexing triceps. He wasn't sure if he was imagining being able to feel the vibration through her arm; it felt like a dream. They lay face to face in the bed, barely separated by a sheet. Hannah panted and writhed as she stared into his eyes.
"Oh god," she said again. "I've never played with myself in front of anyone. It's so fucking intense."
One hand emerged and she cupped her breast, fingering streaks of his cum.
Hannah lay back, enjoying Taylor's strength as she fantasized about him. A wild mix of emotions were swirling through her brain, heart and body, as she tried to balance fidelity and fantasy, transgression and permission. She had never stopped wanting Taylor and she was realizing she never would.
Quieting her thoughts, she fell in and out of trance, drifting, recalling and imagining the easygoing relationship she had with Taylor, a patchwork friendship interlaced with sex and art. Those patches and tatters had held together through two boyfriends and a healthy string of other lovers in between. He was always going to be there. Ben's permission didn't matter; only hers.
She looked up and saw him, eyeing her hungrily. The way he looked at her—the way he'dalwayslooked at her...
"I'm so close," she groaned, and bit her lip. "So fucking close. Ooh, god, I want to feel—I want to feel—"
Before she lost control and she said"your cock inside me,"a shudder went up her spine and her body convulsed. Her breath stopped. A warm radiance detonated inside her; bliss permeated her being. With every muscle taut, Hannah surrendered herself to the moment. Her orgasm's intensity compounded itself, all the more delicious and unbearable for being in bed with a man who wasn't hers.
Taylor's arms wrapped around her waist, pulling her to him. She was a painting of an odalisque, seduced in her harem by her secret lover in the night. The sheet had slipped, now coiled around their calves as they turned in the bed.
Nothing was between them but sweat and cum.
Hannah's orgasm crested and broke, pulling all other thoughts beneath it. Taylor's cock, as hard as it had ever been all night, was burning hot and pushed up against her. She knew exactly what would happen.
She pulled the vibrator out and pushed it, still slick, up against the back of his scrotum; her other hand wrapped around tight around his shaft, the way she knew he liked it, and began to tug. No more than three strokes later, he was cumming again. He struggled to his knees between her legs, with his head thrown up in ecstasy. She kept pulling. He came on her thighs, all over her hands and forearms, and finally landed one exquisite gush across her landing strip.
There was even cum on the vibrator.
If he hadn't...She pushed the thought away, but it persisted. If he hadn't cum at that exact moment, with her thighs spread and blinding lust washing over her, and his cock so willing...
She turned to her side and closed her eyes. Taylor lay behind her on the pillow, and snuggled his arm around her.
They only lay in silence for a few moments.
"I should go."
Hannah hesitated. "Stay the night," she said. "With the roads the way they are..."
"I can't. We can't."
"Just until I fall asleep, then."
Taylor kissed the nape of her neck, and lay beside her.
Tayor helped her slide the blue striped sport shirt off his shoulders and pulled off his gray tee. He was surprisingly buff for a desk worker...he hated working out, but he knew she liked it and after he turned 25 he said he didn't want to end up out of shape at 35.
Hannah ran her hands over his packed abs.
* * *
Hannah awoke, with a man's lips brushing against her shoulder to deliver a kiss. He was waking her up, but Hannah kept her eyes shut as she stirred. The kisses were perfect little pecks on her skin. She turned in bed and let the sheet slide under her, revealing her breasts.
Right away, the man's tongue flicked her left nipple; then his lips closed around it and toyed with her, half sucking, half kissing. It was Ben. She felt a little flutter in her stomach to be with him again, after over a week apart.
"Mmm," Hannah murmured. "It's you." She opened her eyes and they kissed. A strange twinge passed over her, imagining both of her men waking her up like this.
Ben kept kissing and caressing her. He was getting serious.
As she kissed him back and began unbuttoning his shirt, she suddenly pulled away and sat up. The room was in order; towel and underwear sitting on top of the pile in the hamper, but she couldn't see the handcuffs. Or the camera. Or her vibe.
Ben smiled and tugged her back down in bed with him. He kissed her nipple again. "Your, ah, boyfriend is still sleeping it off on the couch. You must have worn him out pretty good."
Hannah felt herself blush as a rush of adrenaline surged through her. She tried to play off the casual way Ben was handling her double love life, but she couldn't quite keep the naughty tremor out of her voice—like she was a kid caught playing with someone else's toys and trying to deny it. "Don't say he's my boyfriend."
"Okay," Ben muttered, opening his belt and jeans. "Let me hearyousay it." He pushed his jeans and boxers down, not bothering to undress. Hannah took his hard manhood and began pumping between her legs.
Two men in twenty-four hours,she couldn't help thinking.The hell with it. It's our little secret, and I don't give a fuck if it makes me a whore behind closed doors. I love them both, and I'll fuck them both if I want to.
Ben was tickling her clitoris, and she was wet within moments. He teased her labia with the head of his dick, and feeling her open herself to him he began pushing in, a little at a time. At last, he slid inside her fully. His dick felt so different from Taylor's inside her, and yet both so perfect for her.
"God, Ben, what if he hears?"
"It's only fair...after all—"
Hannah opened her mouth in surprise and pleasure. "Did they let you watch? Did you watch them?"
"Uh-huh," Ben said. "And they want to double date for New Year's Eve."