Party Guest Triptych - 3: From private to public, from romantic to raunchy, the same ingredients can create different recipes.
Ray held up another tie in front of his chest and looked in the mirror with disgust. "A cocktail party? Who the hell has cocktail parties anymore?"
The comment was theoretically aimed through the open door of their ensuite bath to his wife, Amber, who was drying her hair after a shower.
The noise of the blow-dryer was probably too loud for her to hear, but even if it hadn't been, she still would have ignored him. He'd been griping for the past few days about having to put on a coat and tie for what was supposed to just be a neighborhood party, but she knew he wasn't really serious, so she let him bitch.
Amber for one was eager for a chance to finally get out of the house after almost three hectic weeks of moving into their new place and getting processed into their new jobs. And for it to be a dress-up event with only adults was even better as far as she was concerned.
To be honest, though, she'd also been surprised by the idea of a "cocktail party" and like Ray, wondered what that meant in this century. She'd imagined scenes from "Mad Men", with nattily-dressed people circulating through clouds of cigarette smoke and alcohol vapors.
But Carol, the woman who'd invited them and the wife of her new boss, Bob, had promised the parties were always fun. She'd said they usually had a few over the summer when things were slower at the university and since the fall term started next week, this would likely be the last one until the Thanksgiving break.
"And I just have a feeling you two are really going to fit right into our little crowd and have a really good time." Carol was one of those vivacious beauties who seemed able to make things happen by sheer will of personality and Amber found herself being swept up with the woman's enthusiasm.
When Amber had balked at first because they hadn't found a babysitter yet, Carol had efficiently removed that hurdle. She said that they had a sleep-over party planned at another house for the kids of the party guests and there was certainly room for one more. She'd then set up for one of the two undergraduate students they'd hired to watch the kids to come to Amber's house twice to meet Trina ahead of time to be sure that both mother and daughter were comfortable. The young woman planned on going into pediatric psychology and made a wonderful impression on both the 4-year-old and the 30-year-old. Trina had made only happy noises when they'd dropped her off at the kids' party house an hour earlier.
After finishing her hair, Amber moved into the bedroom and sat at her vanity to do her makeup. She actually wore very little on a regular basis, but for a fancy night out, a little bit of color would be nice. Ray came up behind her and in the mirror she saw him holding up his final two choices for a tie. "The red," she said.
As he knotted the tie, he asked again, "Two hours, right?"
"Probably three." Then she patiently repeated the same response he'd heard three or four times already, but always seemed to hope would change. "This is our introduction to our new social life for the next several years at least and we want to make a good impression." Then she added with a touch of exasperation, "Plus, I'm really looking forward to getting out and having some fun. Aren't you? It seems like forever since we've had some fun time for us."
It really had been a jam-packed few weeks. The movers had taken a day and a half to get everything delivered and the large furniture pieces assembled. Then of course, Ray and Amber had had to do all the unpacking of boxes and finding places to put it all. Woven into those periods of work, each had begun spending more time at their new jobs as the crush of the new term got under way. Then there was Trina, who was naturally confused by the move. It had taken a few days of one of them spending an hour or two at the new daycare with her until she'd gotten over the upset of not seeing her old friends and caregivers. This uncertainty had also translated to sleeping in a new room, even if it was her same old bed. She'd spent more nights in their bed than in hers since the move, especially in the first week.
Between all these stressors there really hadn't been much time for just Amber and Ray and that didn't suit either of their libidos.
"My point exactly," her husband said as he laid his strong, supple fingers on her bare shoulders and kissed the top of her head. "It's been far too long since we've had fun time for us. Maybe we should just stay here and have our own private party." His hands began sliding down the tops of her breasts, but she slapped them before he got more than his fingertips under the edge of the large bath towel wrapped around her body.
"And no one will notice or care that we skipped the party, but still took advantage of the overnight babysitting?" She put her hands gently on top of his where they'd retreated to the tops of her shoulders and smiled at him in the mirror.
"Besides, only taking two or three hours to meet some new people and relax with a few cocktails still leaves us plenty of time for that private party. Didn't I promise you a good time if you acted your most charming self and helped get us off to a good start in our new neighborhood?"
She'd gotten to her feet halfway through talking and turned to face him. The corner of his mouth went up in a naughty smile as she took his hands and guided him to sit on the bench she'd just vacated. "Don't you believe me?" she pouted.
"Just how charming do you want me to be?" Ray said in his most roguish tone.
Amber left him sitting and walked over to her chest of drawers. Standing with her back to him she opened a drawer and fished around inside a moment. Then she undid the bath towel and let it drop to the floor, showing him her long, lean back and pert ass.
Reaching back into the drawer, the lingerie drawer it turned out, she pulled out some black lace stockings. She pulled them on slowly and sensuously, putting one, then the other foot up on the edge of the bed as she showcased her long, strong legs for his admiring view. When they were on she was facing him, but bent over deeply at the waist as she caressed the sheer material up over her skin. The stockings stopped at mid-thigh, but her hands continued upwards as she stood, one hand going outside and behind to stroke her ass, the other running across the petals of her flower. Then she pulled on a garter belt and connected it to the stockings. Next her hands went to her breasts, squeezing and kneading them and pulling on the nipples, which drew an even louder groan from him than it did from her. She finally put on a matching black bra that pushed the soft flesh together, making a wonderful cleavage. Then came a red cocktail dress that she slinked down over her head. She smoothed the material over her hips as she stepped back to him and turned around. He stood and as he slowly slid up the zipper, he leaned in and whispered in her ear, "No panties?"
"No panties," she answered. "Think about that all night."
"Oh, God. How long did you say we have to stay?" Amber laughed and took him by the hand out of the bedroom.
The party was just two and a half blocks away and Amber wore just two-inch heels so they could walk. The evening was mild and she wore a thigh-length black cardigan as a wrap. Ray chuckled as they turned the last corner and saw the party house halfway up the block. "Bob and Carol. You think Ted and Alice will be there?" She punched him on the shoulder.
When their hostess, Carol, opened the door, she was also wearing black knit, but this was no button down sweater. Her dress was short and tight and showed off her round tits and ass magnificently. Both Amber and Ray got caught starting to stare, but that just appeared to make Carol happy. When she took Amber's sweater and saw the slinky red dress, she smiled even more broadly and complimented her.
They walked in and saw that the other people that had already arrived were indeed all dressed nicely as they'd been led to expect. All the women wore dresses and the only two guys who didn't have ties were wearing a mock turtleneck and a v-neck sweater vest with no shirt underneath. It really was an old-fashioned cocktail party, each thought. Their old crowd had never gone for anything so dressy, but it was kind of nice to get polished up for something other than a formal event like a stuffy awards dinner or the like.
"How do I look?" Amber asked when Ray returned to her side with a glass of wine.
"Fantastic," he said. "As classy as any of them and twice as sexy."
"Well, I don't know about being twice as sexy as Carol," she remarked. "That's quite a dress."
Ray played it safe and answered with a non-committal, "Hmm."
"Oh, you're not fooling me," she laughed at him. "She's got a great body and that dress makes it clear."
"Well, I bet her honeypot is nowhere near as sweet as the one sitting open under your dress. I wish I could drop to my knees right now and eat you."
She clinked her glass against his and looked deep into his eyes. "Soon," she whispered. "Soon."
A few more people showed up, but it was not a big party. Maybe three other married couples and another five people on their own, four guys and one gal. Not surprisingly at a university party, there were four professors, ranging from assistant to endowed, four graduate or post-graduate students, three people including Amber from school admin, and Ray from the student health clinic. Only three people, female spouses, didn't attend or work at the U.
Amber and Ray also noticed that besides having good taste in clothes, everyone at the party was fairly attractive and sexy. Some were athletically fit, while others were sensuously endowed. "No ugly people allowed," Ray quipped.
"Well, it's nice to be on the right side of that invitation list," she smiled back.
As the party moved on they separated and came together as they met and talked with everyone over the next hour and a half. It was a diverse and interesting group. It turned out that they and Bob and Carol were the only all-white American couples.
Among the professors, there was Leonard who was black and married to a white woman. On the other side of that equation, the very white, very British Dexter, was married to a younger, voluptuous black woman named Chanel. Rasha was Middle Lebanese and married to a white man. And Makani Nomura was native Hawaiian and single.
All four students were also single. Two were from Europe. Erno was Finnish and very tall, while Joaquim was from Portugal and nearly a foot shorter than the Viking. The third man was Sandy, a handsome white surfer type from San Diego. The lone single female, Rona, was from Seattle. She was American, but her father was of Japanese heritage and the Asian blood showed clearly in her delicate features.
While most people had a drink, no one seemed to be getting drunk. But still Ray noticed something unusual in the air. Maybe he was imagining it, but all the women seemed to be flirting with him and as he watched Amber in another group, the men were being pretty friendly with her too. And while he felt sure that Carol wasn't drunk, he felt just as strongly that she had been outright coming onto him.
He shook it off and headed into the kitchen to find a Coke. If things were getting weird he wanted to keep a clear head. He walked through the swinging door and saw the fridge on his left. He was halfway there before he realized that Carol was on the other side of the kitchen. She was leaning back against the counter. One shoulder strap of her dress had been peeled down and one of the single guys, the short Portuguese, was sucking greedily on her exposed breast.
Ray stopped dead in his tracks. Before he could think what to do, Carol pulled down the other strap, letting her second beautiful breast pop free. "There's room for one more," she said in a throaty voice.
"Th-thanks," Ray stammered, "but I think I'd better just stick to Coke."
"Suit yourself," she answered, squeezing the naked tit in one hand and pulling the man's curly head in tighter with the other. Ray didn't run, but he grabbed the soda quick and beat feet out of there.
Back in the living room he popped the top and took a big chug of the cold drink to clear his head. He looked around for Bob and wondered if he was supposed to get involved if his host found his wife and started fighting with the other guy. Just then, he saw Amber walk into the living room from a doorway on the opposite side. He quickly walked over to let her know what was going on.
"That's not all," she said when he was done. "In the den they're watchingBehind the Green Door."
Ray figured it was the other single guys acting up and asked, "I wonder if Bob knows?"
"Bob's the one who put it on!" she declared. "A couple of students had never seen it and he said they were missing animportant cultural touchstoneand said it was important to their education to see such a classic."
"Whoa. What next?" What next, was the two other couples in the living room starting to walk towards the den.
One of the women broke loose and swung by them. "Carol didn't tell you, did she?" she asked. "I told her it wasn't fair to surprise someone like that, but sometimes she can't help herself -- she's a devil!" But she said it with a laugh that seemed to approve of Carol's devil-like nature.
The woman, whose name was Kristi and was married to the black professor, Leonard, continued with, "But don't worry, you don't have to play, you can just watch if you want." She nodded her head toward the couple leaving the room with her husband. "Chanel and Dexter only watched for a couple of times and they still only play with each other. You should come in, it's a lot of fun."
Just then the kitchen door swung open and Carol and Joaquim walked out with their arms around each other. Carol's dress was peeled down to her waist, her magnificent hooters jutting out with swollen nipples leading the way.
"I hope you can forgive me for the surprise," she smiled at them as she stopped. "You seemed like such a fun couple, that I thought you'd fit right in. But I also thought you'd probably be better off not thinking about it too much beforehand, if you know what I mean."
Kristi moved to Carol's free side and put her arm around their hostess's waist. "Getting an early start are you?" To Amber and Ray she added, "I told she was a devil."
"And here I was thinking I was an angel leading people to paradise," Carol replied with a laugh. "I hope you'll join us," she said to Ray and Amber as the threesome started off towards the den. "If not tonight, then another time."
Amber and Ray slowly turned towards each other after the others left the room. Both had looks of amazement on their faces.
"It looks like we've moved into one kinky neighborhood," Ray said. "Should we get out of here?"
Amber had a little bit of white wine left in her glass and she tossed it back. "I'd like to take a peek," she almost whispered. "Do you want to take a peek?" she asked nervously.
He took her empty glass to the side board and refilled it from a bottle in an ice bucket. He traded his Coke can for a clean wine glass that he also filled. Walking back over, he put hers back in her hand. "Let's take a peek," he said, raising his glass in a toast. The glass clinked, they sipped, and then headed towards the den.
The lights were low as they stopped and stood with their backs to the wall just inside the doorway. They noticed they were standing among a collection of shoes and realized everyone else was in bare or stocking feet. They followed suit, peeling off their footware and then looking around some more.
A large-screen TV hung on the opposite wall and showed Marilyn Chambers being prepared by her female attendants. Carol stood in front of the screen with the guy from the kitchen reattached to her nipple. She'd also found another man to take her empty breast, it looked like the white American grad student, Sandy. She cradled their heads, while her own was tossed back, with eyes closed. The sound from the movie was turned down and Ray and Amber could hear Carol's moans.
Kneeling in front of her was her husband Bob. He peeled her dress the rest of the way off, showering kisses on each section of skin as he bared it, finishing up with her feet as she stepped out of the dress. Bob kissed his way back up to her thong-covered crotch, where he quickly skinned the black satin down to the floor. Carol spread her legs apart so he could more easily get to the fruit inside her bush. Amber noticed they were all standing on blue mats, like gymnastics mats, that had been laid down between the TV and a collection of sofas and love seats that formed a semicircle in front of the screen.
Two more men stood up and joined the scene. They both moved behind Carol. Makani, the Hawaiian assistant professor kneeled down and started massaging and kissing her ass. The Finn, Erno, kissed her shoulder and neck until she turned her head. He was so tall he could lean well over Carol's shoulder and they began sharing deep kisses, their tongues wrestling. The man kneeling behind her pushed her legs wider apart and his head stopped moving from cheek to cheek and settled down in the middle.
Without even thinking about it, Amber started moving to the side so she could see the action better, pulling Ray after her. As they got closer, the view got even better. The surfer dude, Sandy, had been working on Carol's tit on their side, blocking some of the action. But now he stepped away and started taking off his clothes. Ray and Amber could now see that Butt Man had a tight, squeezing grip on each of Carol's full ass cheeks and was pulling them apart. His face was shoved tight up against her and it was obvious he was licking her asshole while her husband sucked away at her pussy from the front. Amber let out a soft groan and Ray moved behind her. He reached around and put one hand on a breast and the other on her belly. Amber moaned again.
Ray leaned in and whispered close to her hear, "He's tongue-fucking her asshole, baby. Shoving it in her tight hole just the way you like it." He gave her tit a squeeze and moved his other hand down to her crotch. "You love it, don't you? Love seeing it just like you love feeling it."
"Yes," she sighed. "Yes."
They watched as the Portuguese released her other tit and the Finn broke off their make-out session and both guys stepped away and started taking off their clothes.
Bob and the ass licker then guided Carol down onto her back on the mat. Sandy had finished stripping and rejoined the group, kneeling beside her head and offering Carol his cock, which she happily swallowed.
Suddenly someone moved from a sofa and crawled in between their hostess's legs. Amber saw that it was Kristi, who was wearing only her bra and panties. She lay on her belly and took over from Bob in sucking his wife's pussy.
Meanwhile, Bob and Makani stood to shed their clothes. The tall Viking who'd been making out with Carol was already naked and he kneeled on the opposite side of Carol's head and offered her a second dick to suck. Joaquim, the very first guy Ray had seen with Carol in the kitchen, was obviously addicted to her tits, because he now moved in to straddle her healthy chest.
Amber's head started bobbing side to side. The three men had Carol's head surrounded and Amber found herself almost desperate to see their hostess's face as she faced the onslaught of cock.
"There's an empty love seat over there," her astounded husband said into his mesmerized wife's ear.
She came out of her dreamlike state just enough to say uncertainly, "Oh, God, should we? Or should we slip out?"
Ray pressed his pelvis up tight against her bottom. "Are you as wet as I am hard?"
She wiggled her butt against his swollen rod. "Oh, yeah!"
"Let's get closer then." This time he led her by the hand and they sat down on a loveseat on the left-most edge of the semi-circle of seats.
Here they could see that the shorter guy was tit-fucking their beautiful hostess. Carol had pulled the two side-pricks in tight with her hands so she could lick both heads at once.
Amber was watching this action intently through a gap between the men when Ray nudged her. "Look around," he said.
On their immediate right sat Rasha, the Lebanese professor and her husband Jack, who worked in the Provost's office. Sitting with them was Leonard, Kristi's husband. Leonard was naked from the waist down and Jack's fly was open with his turgid penis poking through. Rasha sat between them, stroking both men with her hands. Every now and then she would lean over and suck the black cock or the white one, then sit up again and watch the action on the floor in front of her.
Rasha's dress was up around her waist and her panties were on the floor. Her husband's hand was busy in her bush, while Kristi's husband had his hand behind her head, either stroking her long, dark hair or gripping it when she took either cock into her mouth.
Next in line in the audience seating was another loveseat. This one held Dexter and Chanel, the ones Kristi said had just watched at first and now still only played with each other. They were deep in a kiss, arms around each other. When they broke and sat back to watch the Carol show, Amber saw they still had their clothes on, but were touching and stroking each other through buttons and zippers that had been opened.
The final couch in the semi-circle was another sofa. The female grad student, Rona, sat at one end. She was leaning back into the couch with one hand on a tit beneath her unbuttoned blouse. Kneeling on the floor between her legs and pulling down her high-waisted trousers was Makani who had joined her after stripping naked.
In the center ring, Bob was helping Kristi take off her panties -- her bra was already gone. She was on knees and forearms now, ass up in the air, head still between Carol's thighs. Bob kneeled alongside her hip with a hand between her legs, finger fucking her. Amber and Ray couldn't see the two, then three, and finally four digits disappear inside her, but they could sure see how hard Kristi thrust her curvaceous hips back to drive them ever deeper.
When her fuck box was so wet that the slurping sounds of her cunt could be clearly heard, Kristi suddenly pushed herself up on her hands, pulling her mouth away from Carol's crotch. Then she crawled forward, pulling her pussy away from Carol's husband. She crawled around to Carol's head and pushed aside the two pricks her friend was sucking.
Kristi kneeled astride the other woman's face, facing her feet, and presented her juicy lips to Carol's greedy mouth. The sexy hostess was in heaven. Soft, fat pussy lips smeared nectar across her face and onto her tongue; hard hands clutched her tits while a hard cock slid between them, and another mouth had quickly taken Kristi's place between her thighs and was sucking eagerly on her naked pussy and its swollen clit.
For the titfucker, Joaquim, the sight of Carol licking hungrily at Kristi's dangling cunt lips was too much and he started thrusting faster. Kristi reached down and took over squeezing Carol's melons together tight around his meat. He, in turn, grabbed Kristi's puffy areolae with his fingertips and pulled back on them as began shooting his hot, white load.
Kristi immediately grabbed his tool and aimed it so that some of the first spurts hit square in the middle of her pussy. She kept stroking him and painted a line down Carol's lips, chin and throat, until he was only oozing and she rubbed his shiny cockhead across the blonde's fat nipples. Meanwhile, his first cum shots ran down Kristi's pussy lips and dripped into Carol's open mouth.
"Oh, God," panted Amber. "Oh, my God!"
Joaquim the titfucker moved off and Kristi leaned down to lick the still warm cum off her friend's breasts. Breasts that were shaking because one of the other men had finally started fucking the married slut. Married to a husband who busily rubbed her clit while the white grad student put it to her hard.
Sandy had been close to coming in Carol's mouth before Kristi had supplanted him and Erno there. As soon as he'd been able to find and don a condom, he'd taken his place in the hostess's pussy and went straight back to finishing his orgasm. The sudden change from tongue to cock in her cunt had also pushed Carol to her limit and she was coming right after Sandy, with a long wail of pleasure.
Carol's wail was slightly muffled by Kristi still sitting on her face. The Rubenesque woman was spanking her clit, coated in Joaquim's jizz, as she grazed her pussy lips over Carol's mouth, barely giving the blonde room to breathe. Then she too was letting go a drawn-out, guttural groan as she followed Sandy and Carol into climax.
"Oh, oh, oh, that's it," grunted Amber. "Touch me, Ray, please touch me!"
"Yeah, let's go," he replied with a groan.
"No. Touch me now, touch me here."
"Are you sure?"
She yanked her dress up to her waist, exposing lips beginning to swell out of her soaking wet bush. "Yes, I'm sure."
Ray stared bug-eyed at the beautiful tableaux between his wife's legs. For half a second he'd forgotten that she'd gone commando. But of course she had, he'd been sneaking glances and touches all night hadn't he? Even here among these strangers whenever he could. No wonder she was so worked up, so ready to join in the licentious merriment going on around them.
Ray spun out of his seat and dropped to his knees between Amber's legs; he was going to do his touching with his lips, damn it! She thrust her ass to the edge of the cushion and Ray dove right in, licking and sucking at her drenched flower. Amber immediately started trembling. Ray went to work on her hard clit and soon his wife was exploding with orgasm.
When she finally calmed down, with Ray gently lapping up her juices, they suddenly heard applause. Looking over, they saw that the three people on the sofa next to them had stopped their own action to watch and applaud Amber's first public orgasm.
A blush of shame rushed over Amber at first, but then she saw the big, friendly smiles on their audience's faces. Ray moved up and gave her a loving kiss, wet with her own nectar, and her blaze of embarrassment transformed into a warm glow of pleasure, like a little kid receiving her first applause in a school play.
As their new neighbors returned their attention to the star attraction on the floor in front of them, Ray whispered into her ear, "That was incredible, baby. You are so hot, so fucking hot!"
"You don't mind?" she asked quietly.
He turned her face towards his and kissed her gently. Then he seemed to ponder the question a moment before saying, "No, I don't. If you'd asked me in advance if I would mind, I might have said yes. But all I can think of now is how exciting it was and how much I love you."
She threw her arms around him and said, "And I love you, baby," before kissing him hard. When she drew back, she had a crooked smile on her lips and a glint in her eye. Softly but merrily she said, "And it was exciting. I can't believe I took part in the show or how good it felt."
"The show's not over yet," he replied in a deeper voice. "Tell me what Carol's doing now." He leaned in and nuzzled her neck and squeezed her breasts through her dress. "Describe it to me, tell me what she's doing."
Amber bent toward his ear so her quiet commentary wouldn't disturb anyone else. She told him how Bob was now lying on the floor on his back and Carol was riding him cowgirl.
"Fucking her own husband?" Ray said with mock amazement.
"Shh!" Amber giggled. "And by the way, her own husband happens to have a damned big cock," she added with real amazement.
Then, "Oh my, God!"
"What?" her husband demanded. "Tell me!"
Breathlessly, the newly-realized exhibitionist took on the voyeur role and described how Carol was leaning forward with her chest on Bob's while Kristi was rubbing lube between Carol's ass cheeks.
Ray reached behind his wife's neck and pulled down the zipper on her cocktail dress. As Amber described how the Hawaiian man who'd been eating the blonde's ass earlier was kneeling behind it now, Ray rolled her dress forward off her shoulders and eased it down her body until it lay pooled around her waist with the pulled-up skirt.
Now Amber gasped loudly and it wasn't because her husband was squeezing her tits through her black lace bra. It was because the Finnish grad student was sucking Makani's cock. She breathlessly continued her narration, telling Ray that the tall, young man was apparently acting as a fluffer, because once Makani was fully hard, Kristi was rolling a rubber over his cock. Now she was guiding him toward Carol's lubed-up asshole.
"She's going to take them both at the same time!"
And Carol did just that, grunting loudly as Makani popped his cockhead through her anal sphincter. Amber moaned in excited empathy and held Ray's mouth tighter against her tit while the threesome on the floor paused as Carol adjusted to the double stuffing.
They didn't pause long, however, before the dark-skinned islander slid deeper into their hostess's pale ass until his dangling balls were pushed up against the blonde's cheeks. After an even shorter pause, the two men began thrusting into the woman's fuck holes, synchronized to enter at the same time and squeeze her between them.
Amber described it all in an eager whisper into her tit-biting husband's ear.
Then her voice went up. "Oh, baby, you have to see this for yourself; she's taking three men at once!"
Twisting in her lap, Ray turned his gaze to the group on the floor.
He saw the tall, slender Erno kneeling at the top of Bob's head and feeding a proportionately-sized penis into Carol's mouth as she crouched over her husband. If Ray had understood Amber's earlier narration, the Finn had been the one fluffing Makani's cock just moments before and now he was getting much more than fluffed by the horny blonde woman.
Ray twisted back around across Amber's lap and husband and wife looked into each other's eyes. Then he twisted again and the two of them looked over to the next couches in the line. Closest to them, Jack, Rasha and Leonard were all naked, with arms and legs intertwined in an erotic pretzel of black, brown and white lines. Next in line was the E&V-only couple, Chanel and Dexter, who were also down to just pieces of undergarments. On the final sofa in the arc, Joaquim and Sandy sat on either side of Rona, who was masterfully stroking the cocks at her sides, keeping them prepared for the next opening to Carol.
The two swing-party debutantes turned their gazes back to each other. Each had a question in her or his eyes and as one, they each nodded in the affirmative.
In one smooth rolling motion, Ray came off his wife's lap and gained his feet. She scooted to the edge of their loveseat and lifted her ass up briefly to slip her party dress over her hips and let it drop to the floor around her feet, where she kicked it aside.
Then she reached out to her husband's waist and began undoing his belt and trousers as he loosened his tie and slid it over his head before unbuttoning his dress shirt. He'd already shed his jacket when they'd first decided to sit in the audience and watch their new colleagues' debauchery.
Fortunately, he'd worn slip-ons and so was able to step out of his shoes before Amber sent his slacks and his pre-cum-stained knit boxers to the floor. He'd worry about his socks when it mattered.
As he stepped out of the clothing pile, his wife got to her feet, posing as she had at the beginning of this startling night. Of course, back then, neither could have anticipated that the simple private-public foreplay of her going commando would transform into full-blown exhibitionism at an orgy.
As sexy as she had looked then, now she was amazing with whorish beauty. Her nipples swelled tightly against the thin bra cups, while the matching black lace garter belt and thigh-high stockings framed a pussy that gleamed with moisture as the dark-pink lips showed swollen and gaping through the soft, black triangle of her bush. She was a lingerie fetishist's wet dream.
Taking her hands in his, Ray turned them in a circle until he was up against the edge of the loveseat and could sit in her place. Pulling her in, he leaned forward and planted kisses across her belly. Then his hands slid to her hips and he spun her around, putting her compact, round ass where he could plant even more passionate kisses across each smooth globe.
Finally, he pulled back lightly on her hips as he straightened. "Sit down, baby."
Slowly she squatted back, placing her hands on his thighs for support. Ray placed one hand in the small of her back and the other held his raging hard-on straight into the air. His beautiful wife quickly found the head with her nether lips and eased herself down onto him, both of them catching their breaths at the wonderful feeling of their joining.
She let herself all the way down, sitting on him with her full weight, loving the feeling of being absolutely stuffed with cock. He wrapped his arms around her, holding her tight against him. Then they started moving. Not bouncing, but just a gentle regular rhythm from flexing their hips against each other.
Ray undid her bra, letting her wonderful tits with their big nipples pop free. He took them in his hands and gently massaged them in rhythm with their hip grinding.
As Amber and Ray gradually came back to their surroundings and looked around again, they saw that Kristi had returned to her husband and the other couple on the sofa next to them. She and Rasha were standing behind the sofa, both bent over the back, trading kisses when they weren't watching the action on the floor. Their husbands stood behind them, each fucking the other's wife from behind. After a bit they pulled out and traded places, pushing back into their own wife's pussy. Then they traded again.
Meanwhile, on the floor, Carol and the three men inside her all seemed to be approaching orgasm. Her husband in her pussy and Makani in her ass were both taking short, fast, jackrabbit thrusts. The Finn wanted to stroke into her mouth as well, but Carol had grabbed behind his ass and was holding him in place. Choking on his long dick was just what she needed to explode in climax from the hard double fucking down below. And when she felt her husband blow his load in her cunt, she did. Her body went into a paroxysm of pleasure that would have shaken her loose from her lovers if the Finn hadn't kept her mouth in place with a firm grip on the back of her head and the other two hadn't already had her inescapably pinned between their rutting cocks.
Then Makani was almost bellowing as he held himself buried to the hilt in Carol's rectum and filled his condom. This in turn triggered the final domino in the foursome as the tall Finn shot his first wad straight down her throat before pulling his long cock out of the 3-hole slut's throat and painting her gasping face with his thick spunk.
It also triggered Amber into her second orgasm of the night. Ray had traded off playing with her tits for playing with her clit while they watched, listened to, and even smelled the hot sex going on around them. When she saw the massive load the tall man sprayed on Carol's face, she held her husband's fingers tight against her nub and came all over his cock buried full length inside her.
As the people on the floor gathered their breath and Amber did the same, Ray wondered, almost feared that things were over. He hadn't come yet and didn't much feel like waiting until they got home to get his. But he needn't have worried.
Carol's husband, Bob, crawled out from under his wife and the Hawaiian professor half-collapsed off her back, rolling onto his own on the cushioned mat behind her. Suddenly, the female grad student, Rona, now naked and showing tiny, but perfect tits was there. Reverently she removed the rubber from Makani's fading prick, holding the open end tight against his flesh to prevent his semen from escaping. She kept the end pinched until she held the stretched latex above her head, which was tilted back with her mouth gaping open. Then she released the pinch and let the ass-fucker's cum flow out and drip onto her tongue. She actually thrust the tip into the used rubber, seeking out more of what she apparently craved.
Amber and Ray both groaned approvingly at the outrageous display. Thenapparentlybecameobviouslywhen Rona dropped the deflated balloon aside and moved directly behind Carol, who hadn't left her hands and knees even after being released by her violators.
Suddenly, the young half-Asian woman was spinning and twisting until she lay on her back between Carol's spread legs. Then the small, lithe body was wriggling headfirst deeper between the hostess's thighs until Rona's mouth was directly below the dangling and dripping pussy lips. Somehow reaching one arm back and beneath her, Rona lifted her head up from the floor and locked her mouth on the bruised flower and proceeded to lick and suck every drop of Bob's cum out of it that she could.
An increasingly loud whining and panting to their right brought Ray's attention that way.
"Holy shit!" he whispered harshly alongside Amber's ear. "Move with me," he commanded as he stood up underneath her, compelling her to rise as well. He then turned them sideways. Once she caught sight of what had so grabbed his attention, she knew what he wanted and they moved together smoothly, his prick never leaving her as they kneeled sideways on the loveseat with her forearms and his hands leaning on the armrest.
In this doggy-style position they could still see the Carol show to their left, but now in front of them they were seeing the Chanel & Dexter show. Once she'd realized what kind of party they were at, Amber had at one point wondered why Chanel and Dexter were invited if all they did was watch the others. Now she was learning why.
For the first time, Amber saw the Black woman's tits out of her bra. And they were huge. And by the way they hung, natural. With wide areolae and thumb-sized nipples. And hanging between the nipples was a silver chain. The center of the chain ran through a small bit of wood or bamboo by which the Black beauty's White husband held it. As Amber and Ray's brains tried to process this bit of live BDSM, the scenario got amped up.
Chanel sat on the edge of their loveseat, just as Amber and Ray had taken turns doing on theirs. Dexter was on her opposite side from them, with his left knee on the cushion by her and his right foot on the floor. He'd been pulling up on the chain, not enough to lift her massive jugs, but the big, brown nipples had definitely been pointing upwards. Now the controlling bar was down level with the nipples at their natural point, leaving two short loops of chain drooping between the nipples and the center handle.
He seemed to be speaking to his wife, his face not angry, but firm, his voice the same. They both strained to hear.
It sounded like, "It excites you to watch her eat that cum, does it?"
She answered immediately, as if knowing hesitation was not allowed. "Yes, sir."
"That seems terribly naughty, doesn't it?" His dry English accent completely incongruous with the image of him holding her breasts by a tether.
Without thought, Ray's hands went under and took hold of Amber's tits and used them as handles to pull her hips back against his thrusting pelvis. She moaned in pleasure with the sensations in both her tits and her cunt.
It was too hard to make out the next words, but they saw Chanel's lips move. From Dexter's next action they guessed she'd given the wrong answer. Or maybe for them it was the right answer? Either way, the Englishman lifted the handle of the chain again until each loop was taut and the fat, brown nipples were pointing upwards once more.
A blur of motion to their left pulled their attention from Chanel back to Carol. Joaquim, who'd been the first to come, between Carol's tits, was moving back into the action. Rona had restored Joaquim's and Sandy's erections and soon after she left to eat Carol's creampie, the two men followed.
Now the Portuguese grad student straddled the half-Asian woman's body as he used his rubber-wrapped prick to fill Carol's tender asshole again. The new ass-fucker was soon going to town and Carol's fine, round ass was shaking.
"That's what I want," Amber said to Ray. "I want it in my ass."
Ray took his cock by the root and used the head to drag pussy juice from his wife's wet cunt back to her brown star. He rubbed the head against the wrinkled surface a bit, then went back inside her puss for more lube.
Meanwhile, Sandy took up position on his knees between Rona's legs. Like Ray, he was rubbing his cock, sheathed in rubber, up and down the small woman's pussy lips. But he didn't go for her ass, he went on into her honey pot, making Rona mewl in pleasure into Carol's cunt.
The female grad student's sounds of pleasure got louder and steadier when Bob did for her as he'd done for Carol earlier and played with her clit as Sandy stroked into her.
After Ray's third lube-gathering trip he stayed and pressed at her butthole, pulling the edge aside with one hand, until he popped through.
"Oh, yeah," she moaned. "That's it, that's it."
He short-poked her, just two inches, several times until he felt her sphincter relax. Then he suddenly pulled out and ran the length of his cock sideways between her pussy lips until his cockhead hit her clit. The sudden departure followed by the hard, but soft banging against her nub made her gasp and quiver. Before she could think or say anything, he dragged his stick back through her lips, picking up a fresh coating of lube and slid right back into her ass, not stopping this time until he hit bottom.
She collapsed onto her chest on the armrest, her head hanging down, a bit of drool at the corner of her mouth. She just lay like that, wordlessly chuffing in time to his strokes into her rectum for a minute or two before recovering enough to get back into the game.
Pushing herself back up onto her elbows on the arm rest, she refocused to where Chanel sat with the handle of the tit chain now between her own teeth like a bridle, lifting her fat mammaries to the point of pain. Her husband Dexter kneeled on the floor and was apparently finger fucking her. Because she was seeing them from the side and couldn't see between Chanel's big thighs, it took Amber a few moments to realize from the movement of the Brit's arm that he was actually plunging his fist into his wife's cunt up to his wrist.
The submissive woman's panting was growing faster and more high-pitched, obviously building toward orgasm and Amber found her own excitement growing right along with her. She reached under to flog her clit, brushing past Ray's hands that were once again using her tits as reins as he rode her asshole into the final gallop. She was ready to come, but had to hold out, had to hold out for Chanel.
And it was worth it! In the next second, Chanel's panting went into a high keening and she pulled back hard on her tit-chain as her husband yanked his fist out of her twat with an audible pop and then she was gushing, squirting high into the air as her ass bounced on the cushion and her whole body trembled on the edge of convulsion.
When Amber saw that geyser of juice or piss or ejaculate, she let go of her control and followed the Black woman into quivering ecstasy with her third orgasm of the night. Then she was feeling Ray explode in her ass, washing her bowels with hot cum and she passed out from the intensity of her pleasure.
The chain reaction of orgasms spread. Kristi and Rasha had done one final cock swap and now each was rubbing her clit hard as the other's husband slammed her into the back of the sofa. Then they were coming together.
On the floor, Carol rolled into her own third orgasm as Joaquim pounded her ass, driving her cunt and clit hard against Rona's eager mouth.
The sudden clamping and squirting of Carol sent both the Portuguese and the Asian-American students into orgasm; one filling his rubber, the other gulping to swallow the blonde woman's juices.
As Kristi and Rasha shook from their orgasms, Leonard and Jack pulled out of their pussies and began stroking their cocks. The men used their free hands on the women's shoulders to get them to turn around and drop to their knees. Once they saw the two straining cocks in front of them, Kristi and Rasha put an arm around each other to pull themselves together and put their heads cheek-to-cheek. The White woman grabbed a brown tit, the Brown woman grabbed a white tit, and they both held their mouths open as they stared hungrily at the black and white cocks in front of them. In seconds they were drinking a mixed-sperm cocktail.
Another cock was being jacked onto a woman a few feet away as Dexter's big balls provided yet another helping of spunk to the party, this one aimed at his wife's swimming pool of a cunt, which she held wide open for him with her fingers.
Back on the floor, Rona couldn't feel the spray of Sandy's cum because of the rubber, but she could feel his final swelling and jerking in her love tunnel and it extended her orgasm even after Bob left her clit in peace.
When Amber came out of her swoon, Ray helped her scoot back on the loveseat and they cuddled up together; lying on their sides with Ray's back against the seat back and Amber's back against his chest and their legs drawn up together to fit. He draped his arm over her, holding her close. "Love you, baby," he said quietly into her ear. She just snuggled back against him and purred contentedly.
A slight noise directly in front of her made her open her eyes. It was Carol. She'd crawled over and now leaned on the seat cushion on one elbow. The two women smiled at each other and the blonde reached out to stroke Amber's black mane. "Welcome to the neighborhood," she said softly.
Amber's smile grew wider. "I think we're going to like it here."

### ### ###