'Hey mate are you there?' Kurt spoke into his headset.
'Yeah mate, I can see you.' Came the reply.
'Alrighty, then. Who have we got on tonight?'
'Just me, Travis and Todd,' came the reply.
The speaker was Curtis. He was Kurt's best mate, and the one who had convinced them all to start streaming while they gamed.
'Just give me a second and we will be live.'
'Okay.' Kurt rolled his eyes.
'Dude I can see you rolling your eyes,' chirped Curtis.
'Yeah, yeah, can we just play already.' Kurt sighed. He was already regretting buying the webcam and microphone. But Curtis had insisted that they all commit. He was convinced that they could make it big streaming themselves playing COD. 'Fat chance,' thought Kurt.
This was their third time streaming and so far the most people watching at once had been 3 and Kurt suspected that Curtis accounted for at least one of those. He shook his head slowly. The world was full of blokes talking shit and playing video games, there was nothing special that they had to offer. That is until tonight.
'Alrighty we are live people, let's do this,' Curtis crowed through their headphones.
'About bloody time,' thought Kurt.
Elsewhere in the house, Tara was feeling ridiculously horny.
It had all started at the supermarket. She remembered pausing as she'd wandered through the fruit and veg section, her eye falling on a large, ripe grapefruit. Tara recalled a video Kurt had shown her a while ago of a woman using one whilst giving a blowjob. It had seemed like a strange idea, but the reactions from the man in the video suggested that if nothing else, it was effective. She had considered it for a moment before shrugging and quickly stuffing it in her basket. It had been a while since she'd given Kurt a blow job, so tonight she decided he was in for a very pleasant surprise.
Tara could hear Kurt talking loudly in the other room as a constant stream of trash talk transversed the airwaves between Kurt and his friends. Taking advantage of his distraction Tara wandered into their bedroom. Digging through her bedside drawer she found her Lovense lush.
Smiling to herself she pulled it from the drawer, slid it from its box and began to lubricate it with her long tongue. She slid it in and out of her soft lips, until it was slick with her saliva. Pulling down her pants she began to tease her wet entry with its bulbous head. God it felt good. Laying back on the bed she slid her pants down to her ankles and then kicked them off completely, letting them fall to the floor. Slowly she applied pressure spreading the lips of her vagina. They opened like a flower in bloom, the smooth silicon head sliding between her petals and into the depths of her wet tunnel. Her face tensed, her mouth opened and her green eyes rolled back as she let out a sigh of satisfaction.
God it felt good. She could feel the bulbous protrusion on the end of the toy nestled against her g-spot.
Tara felt like a loaded gun, all she needed to do was pull the trigger and there would be an almighty explosion. Taking a few slow breaths, she looked down to see the pink tail of the toy peeking from the bald lips of her snatch. She admired her vagina running her fingers through the inch thick strip of hair that spread upwards from her clit. Fishing her phone from the pocket of her pants, she unlocked it and located the Lovense app. Deftly she selected her preferences and then touched the pink dot on the screen, dragging it up to half way.
'Holy shit!' Tara gasped nearly dropping the phone.
She quickly drew the dot down closer to the bottom. The vibrator slowed its speed and intensity. Tara took a few quick breathes as her body relaxed after the sudden shock. After a few seconds she kicked the dot up a notch and smiled to herself. She'd found her sweet spot, not too intense but still enough that she was thoroughly enjoying the vibrations. Smiling like a Cheshire Cat she sauntered back into the kitchen. She grabbed the grapefruit and deftly cut the ends off before expertly carving a dick shaped hole through the middle of it. She bit her lip as she finished. The vibrations were doing their job and she could feel a small orgasm coming. Putting the grapefruit and knife down she cranked the vibrator up a couple of notches and lent forward heavily on the counter, arching her back she closed her eyes and let out a long moan. 'Oooooh.' She felt her vagina flood with juice as a small orgasm rocked through her body. Then her hips bucked and her legs clamped together as she scrabbled for the phone, bringing the vibrations back down to a steady rhythm. She rested there panting for a few seconds before taking a few steps to the hall next to the kitchen.
There they had a full length mirror. She stood and admired her frame. Tara was an exceptionally beautiful woman. She had long blonde hair and striking green eyes. Her breasts were large and firm. She had a wide ass and hips that tapered from her slender waist. Kurt often observed that there was no better sight than seeing that ass bent over on all fours. The thought of her tight pussy lips nestled below her two firm cheeks was enough to make him hard in an instant. Her pussy had large full lips that would become engorged whenever she was aroused. Her lips and bikini line were completely free of hair. Starting from just above her clit she had a thick bush of hair that spanned all the way to the top of her panties in a thick landing strip.
Slowly Tara peeled her shirt and bra off allowing her soft orbs to bounce free. She smiled at her reflection, she knew she was hot and she knew Kurt was going to be putty in her hands when she walked out with the girls on display. Taking one last glance in the mirror, she grabbed the grapefruit and her phone and headed to the lounge.
'Hey babe, I've got a surprise for you!'
Kurt caught sight of her even before she spoke. He swung towards her giving her his full attention, like a moth drawn to the flame.
His mouth opened and closed slowly like a goldfish.
Holding up the grapefruit she strutted towards him smiling seductively. The bounce of her breasts was so enticing all Kurt could do was stare, mouth agape.
Finally finding his voice Kurt spoke into the mic 'Aah guys, I'm going to have to step away for a bit. Sorry.' He whipped the headset off and put the controller down on the table next to his computer chair.
Suddenly he remembered that they were streaming!
'Ahh, babe...'
She cut him off before he could finish.
'You'd better get those pants off because I'm hungry for your cum and I'm not gonna wait around.'
Kurt paused for a second like a deer in the headlights, his eyes flicking from Tara standing in front of him, literally looking like a sex goddess, with grapefruit in hand and the computer screen behind her displaying his COD game, along with four small windows. Three of them were taken up by the leering faces of his three friends, the other was centred around the two plump cheeks of Tara's perfect behind.
After what felt like an eternity, he made his decision, Kurt snapped into action, removing his shirt, pants, underwear and shoes in record time. He sat back down on the couch as Tara bent forward in front of him. Her legs were shoulder width apart, giving the webcam a perfect view of her tight buttocks and moist lips. If the three observers had lent close to the screen and focused on her slick opening, they would have certainly noticed the pink tail of her toy protruding suggestively from her lips. They of course all noticed this, as they had all put down their controllers and focused intently on Kurt's portion of the screen the moment she had entered their field of view. They were about to cop an almighty slaughter in their COD match and for once none of them cared even the slightest amount.
Tara paused admiring Kurts body. He had dark hair and handsome features. His face wore the smirk of a man who was about to get his dick sucked. His chest was broad, covered with a thick forrest of hair. His body was toned and lean. As she looked lower his eight inch rod stood to attention, long and thick. Good she loved that cock. Whether she had it buried in her pussy or down her throat it always hit the right spots. On a few occasions it had even found the right spot while filling her tight asshole.
Tara knelt in front of him, smiling seductively.
Looking over her shoulder Kurt could see that all thoughts of game play had stopped. There were three faces pressed as close as humanly possible to their screens and a forth tab showing the most spectacular rear end in existence.
'I should really stop this now,' he thought.
She reached out with her left hand directing his cock forward, distracting him from his train of thought. She felt his cock jump in her hand as he responded to her soft touch. With her right hand she slowly slid the grapefruit down his rigid shaft, coming to a stop at the base. Kurt let out a long slow moan which jumped an octave when she wrapped her velvety lips around his bulbous head. Slowly Tara began to pump the grapefruit, guiding it up and down his length. With her tongue she gently massaged the underside of his cock, enjoying the way his face contorted with each stroke.
Kurt was in heaven. He didn't care who was watching, he'd deal with the fallout later. Only a madman would stop something so divine.
The soft flesh of the grapefruit felt amazing as it glided across his dick. Coupled with the soft wet mouth attached to the end of his knob it was practically out of this world. He smiled as he looked down at his beautiful blonde sucking energetically on his cock. She stared back up at him with those beautiful large green eyes. He had loved those beautiful eyes from the moment they'd met. They were full of so much love, tenacity and wildness.
Then his eyes travelled further down to the two large, firm mounds hanging from her chest. No man made structure could compare to that work of art. Supple, fluid and wholly erotic, they were without match.
His eyes slid down further and focused on the two soft cheeks protruding behind her. Maybe they weren't entirely without match. She had an incredible ass, he'd noted it from the day they'd first met. The way those two soft orbs looked when she bent over was heavenly. And as if that wasn't enough, they were complemented by the bald, delicate lips that lay between them. Her sweet rose bud sat like a cherry atop the best cake anyone ever ate. If he'd had a photo of it, he would have sat and stared at it for hours, hell he'd have blown it up and plastered it to the walls. Just looking at her made him picture his cock sliding between her soft thighs to impale her wet cunt.
His eyes fell on the screen again as he remembered his mates were currently enjoying his favourite view. Based on the looks on their faces they weren't just enjoying it passively.
'I can't believe it, but I have to stop this,' he thought. He opened his mouth to speak.
Then Tara picked up her pace. She was an expert cock sucker and nothing turned her on like sucking the cum from her man. Her left hand strayed down to her dripping snatch massaging the moist outer lips. She wished Kurt were fingering her right now but the position just didn't allow for that, so she would just have to make do with her toy.
She grabbed her phone from where she left it at her side and placed it face up on the couch next to Kurt. She hadn't bothered to lock it and Kurt saw immediately which app was open. His eyes lit up with realisation. He grabbed the phone and immediately kicked it up a notch.
Tara gave a loud moan which was muffled by Kurt's cock.
He gave a small gasp enjoying the sensation of her moan.
He kicked it up another notch and Tara continued to moan. Her hips rocked forward with each pump and suck of his cock and she began rhythmically moaning every few pumps. This was becoming too much for Kurt.
'Oh fuck I'm gonna cum!' he groaned.
He quickly knocked the toy up another two notches to the max and then lent back gasping as he blew his load.
Tara was in sensory overload. As the vibrator cranked up to max power on her g-spot she felt a massive load of cum hit the back of her throat followed by a second load which filled her mouth. She had no time to swallow, all she could do was open her mouth releasing his cock. His third rope of cum hit her on the cheek while the fourth spattered her breasts, feeling warm and wet against her skin.
Then her orgasm hit. Her hips rocked forward and her back arched. Tara's hand stopped pumping and her mouth opened in a muffled scream of ecstasy. Cum dribbled from her mouth and down her chin to further coat her soft breasts.
'FUUUUUUCCCCCCKKKKKK!' She screamed, as her hips convulsed forward as wave after wave of orgasms passed through her.
Kurt grinned a satisfied grin as he watched her eyes roll back in her head and her hips buck continuously while his cum travelled down her body in small rivulets. After nearly a minute she slumped forward gasping, her hands digging into his thighs.
Picking up on her cue Kurt hit the stop switch on the vibrator and Tara crumpled further against him, breathing heavily.
There was a small pool of moisture on the carpet between her legs where Tara had squirted forcefully. Something that wasn't missed by her three secret voyeur's, all of whom had well and truly reached their climax.
Tara stayed slumped there for a few minutes before finally coming back to earth. She tilted her head and looked up at Kurt with a satisfied smile on her face. He grinned back down at her.
'I think we might need to clean you up sexy wife.'
Tara responded with a small nod still resting her head dreamily on his thigh. Then with a great effort she stood up and announced loudly 'I'm going to have a shower and I think you should join me.'
Then she lent forward affording the watchers one last fantastic glimpse as she whispered in Kurt's ear.
'Oh and can you tell your friends to stop staring at my pussy.'
She stood with a smug smile and strutted out of the room.
Kurt just sat speechless, pants at his ankles, cock hanging limp and his mouth hanging open.
Finally he picked up his controller, killing the game and the stream.
'That woman never ceases to amaze,' he thought, shaking his head as he rose following her to the shower.