Today is my favorite day of the month.
It's the day the window washer comes to clean my office windows.
I woke up earlier than normal in order to be able to take a little extra time on getting ready for the day. I took my time in the shower, making sure to shave my long legs, and rubbing my hands all over my body, giving special attention to my breasts and nipples while ignoring my tingling pussy. For now.
I dried off, styled my hair, applied my make-up, rubbed lotion in to my skin - up and down both legs, coming close but not quite touching my bare pussy lips - and then entered my closet. I selected a brand new pair of stockings, held up by a black, lace trimmed garter belt. I put on a matching bra and panty set, then zipped myself in to a short red skirt with a white, flowy blouse that showed off both my legs and my cleavage to advantage. As I moved, the tops of my stockings peeked out. I twirled in the mirror to admire the effect.
As I took the leisurely drive to the office, I listened to one of my favorite playlists with songs that got me in the mood. I absentmindedly stroked the bare skin of my thighs above the stockings. I pulled next to an SUV at a red light, and discretely looked over. I could see the man in the driver's seat, maybe about 25, looking around the intersection, watching the lights. He must have realized he had a bit to wait for the green, so he looked over at me.
I pretended not to notice him watching as I hiked up my skirt to adjust the garter straps. Leaving my skirt up, almost showing my panties, I began to adjust my breasts. Peeking at the lights, I checked to see how much longer we would be stuck, just in time for them to change.
The driver in the SUV stayed as close to me as possible, probably hoping for another red light. He didn't have to wait long, since the green one we were coming up on changed to yellow. Again, we were next to each other.
I briefly checked my lipstick in the mirror, just to look natural, before returning my attention to my cleavage. I pretended to adjust it, then seeing the young man enjoying the show, I decided to give him a treat. I looked directly at him, then pulled at my already loose neckline and freed my breast from the cup, massaging my nipple lightly.
At that moment, the light changed, and I hit the gas and put my tit away. I would have time for that later.
I pulled in to my office parking lot, found a spot near the entrance, and walked in. I went to the fifth floor, said good morning to my coworkers as I walked to my corner office. I sat down and double checked my schedule for the day. I smiled as I read my secret code to myself: "Conference Call with Mr. Washer."
I logged in to my email, made sure no surprise meetings had been called, or other calls had been scheduled. I had done a good job of getting myself a little ahead of schedule for today, so there was nothing that needed to be urgently dealt with.
Even though nothing was urgent, I found myself responding to emails, checking in on projects, and editing spreadsheets. Before I realized it, it was lunch time. I stood up to look out the window. I looked up and saw the window washer platform lowering. Right on time. I don't know how this man did it, but you could set a clock by him.
I shut the blinds to my office, closed my door, and locked it. I went to my computer, bent over my desk, giving the man on the platform a great view of my stockings and garter belt, if not more. I set my company messenger to Do Not Disturb. I double checked that no one could see in to my office, then I started my sexy playlist for myself.
I kept the volume low enough that the music wouldn't leak out in to the office, but high enough that I could hear it clearly. Still giving the man outside a view of me from behind, I began to sway to the music. I reached back and flipped the back of my skirt up in order to give him a full view of my ass and panty-clad pussy.
I reached a hand between my legs, still swaying and gyrating to the beat of the music, and rubbed the thin strip of material. With my other hand, I loosened the snaps of my flowy shirt before straightening up and turning around.
My eyes went wide as I realized it wasnt the normal window washer. Instead, it was a woman, holding a sign that read, "Doug is sick today. He told me about you. Hope you don't mind the change."
After I looked back into her eyes, she refolded the piece of paper, and began to undo the buttons on her jumpsuit, revealing a lacy, front clasping bra. She used one hand to massage her breast over the bra, then used the other hand to rub her still-covered crotch.
Getting over my shock at the change, I smiled at my new audience. I walked towards the window and sat, legs spread wide, at the bench I had placed in front of my window just for these little shows. I took off my shirt, then leaned back and let my hands explore my body.
I felt my pussy get wetter and wetter, my nipples get harder. I watched the woman outside as her movements seemed to become more urgent.
I stood and turned around, giving her a view of my back as I reached to unclasp my bra. I turned back towards her as I freed my breasts. I matched the speed of my hands to the one on her own.
She moved to unclasp her own bra, and freed her small, perky breasts with the most delicious looking nipples I have ever seen on another woman. Unlike with the other window washer, I began to wish these windows could open.
Feeling the need for relief building, I hooked my fingers on my panties, and pulled them down. I sat back on my bench and spread my legs, showing my bald pussy to the other woman. As I moved my hand to feel my wetness, she did the same.
She pulled one arm from her sleeve, careful to keep it on her shoulder, and then she moved her hand to her pussy as well. Though I couldn't see much, I could see the movement of her hand in the crotch of the jumpsuit, moving in circles around her clit.
Knowing our time would come to an end soon, I laid across the bench, fucking myself hard and fast with one hand, squeezing my nipples with the other.
I kept watching the woman, enjoying her facial expressions, the contractions of her body, and her beautiful nipples, the way she pinched and tugged at them.
Suddenly, throwing caution to the wind, she dropped the jumpsuit completely. I felt like I should cover up, but the idea of someone watching from another building to see a naked window washer furiously masturbating, only to look further and see me was too hot to pass up.
The woman reached into a bag that I hadn't noticed before and pulled out a dildo. Quickly she spat on it as she sat down, legs open in front of me, and shoved it in. She continued fucking herself, using the other hand on her clit.
As I watched her, I began to feel my own orgasm coming. I worked my own clit faster and faster, moaning as it built up.
Fuuuuuuuuck.
When it finally came, it crashed over my like a tidal wave. My whole body contracted and a peaceful warmth came over me. I looked over to see the woman sprawled on the platform, dildo still in her pussy, her chest heaving with heavy breathes.
She turned and winked at me before putting away her toy, pulling on her jumpsuit, fixing her bra, and quickly returning to work.
I cleaned myself up as well, straightened my clothing, and blew her a kiss as she disappeared to the next window.
In the corner of the window, I saw a note written on the glass - it said Andi, and a phone number.
Remembering how much I wanted the window to be able to open, I immediately texted the number. Maybe next time, we could do that without the glass in the way.