[Author's Note: All characters in this story are 18 years or older.]
*****
Jill and Bob lived on the shore of a lake, with only twenty feet, or so, separating the back of the house from the water's edge. As a result, they had little in the way of backyard privacy. Adding to it, in order to enjoy the valuable view, they had fairly large windows on the lakeside of the house, making it something of a fishbowl to any of their neighbors who might be cruising by on their boat.
In order to gain occasional indoor privacy, they installed full-width black-out shades on all of the windows that faced the water, that would raise and lower at the touch of a button.
Since their wide-screen HD TV was in the living room—and facing the lake—they naturally made use of the shades whenever they decided to watch porn.
***
On a mild Wednesday evening, Jill and Bob were on their back patio, enjoying the view and the night air, when one of their neighbor couples came cruising slowly by in their pontoon boat. The two couples waved and exchanged hellos.
Jill and Bob knew Betty and Harry from all of them living on the water, but they were not close friends; just friendly acquaintances, really.
"Hey, you two have time for a glass of wine?" Bob called out. "We're just setting up for happy hour." He pointed to the big clock on the wall, and added, "It's five o'clockhere!"
"Absolutely!" Harry replied as he maneuvered the boat over to the dock.
A few minutes later, they were all sitting on the patio enjoying the sunset, glasses of wine, cheese and crackers, and each other's company.
At one point, Betty said, "I really like those privacy shades you have in your windows. Where did you get them?"
Jill told her the name of the shop, and added, "They're kind of a necessity when you want a little privacy and you live in a glass house."
Betty and Harry looked at each other, and then Harry said, "Yeah, about that privacy thing." Pointing, he went on, "Just so you know, there's about a two in gap at the edge of the shade, right there, when you're passing by in a boat about twenty or thirty feet off shore.
"We happened to be out Sunday night," he went on, "and with the darkness, and all, we couldn't help but catch a glimpse of your big TV. No big deal to us—we like adult entertainment, too—but there are a few stuffy folks on the lake who probably wouldn't appreciate the fine talents of Chasey Lain."
Jill turned red, and Bob nervously cleared his throat. "Well ... ah, that's good to know. Thanks for pointing it out."
"We were sure you'd want to know for future reference," Betty said with a chuckle. "And all we saw was a fairly small slice of the TV, by the way. Yourpersonalprivacy was still intact."
"Thank God!" Jill said, looking at Bob, as if it was his fault.
"Hey, don't be embarrassed," Betty said. "We're all consenting adults, who happen to enjoy erotic entertainment. No crime, there!"
"Yeah, but you don't show it to all your neighbors across the lake!" Jill said.
"A minorfaux pas, easily correctable," Harry said reassuringly. "And it was a thousand-to-one shot that we happened to cruise by at exactly the right time and at exactly the right distance. I'm sure no one else has ever noticed."
"And," Betty added, "we have the advantage of having ourentertainmentroom in the basement. Only one small window, and very easy to cover."
"You two should come over and check it out, sometime," Harry said.
With a laugh, Bob replied, "Let us know when the Chasey Lain film festival is on, and we'll be there!"
They all laughed, and then Betty said, "That wasThe Original Wicked Womanyou were watching the other night, wasn't it?"
Surprised, Bob said, "You caught that from a two-inch-wide glimpse? Did you anchor out there?"
Betty laughed, and said, "We've watched it so many times, I think we know every scene by heart. That part when she's with Joan of Arc has to be one of the hottest girl-girl scenes, ever filmed!"
Again, Jill flushed a little bit. She thought the same thing, but had never told anyone that.
Harry said, "Hey, you guys seem to be a pretty liberated couple, so, seriously, if you want to come over and watchThe Best of Chaseywith us sometime, we'd love to have you." He gestured to the wine and food, and added, "Itisour turn to host."
"Are you busy Saturday?" Betty asked.
"Um, ah ... I'll have to check," Jill stammered, obviously caught off guard by the unusual invitation.
"Of course. No problem," Betty said. "If you're clear, we'll expect you at seven. If not, just call and let us know." She turned to Harry, and said, "Why don't you give them your cell number, dear?"
***
Later that night, as they were getting ready for bed, Bob said to Jill, "Betty and Harry are probably into swinging, you know."
"Yeah, I kind of figured that," she replied. "Why else would they invite us to watch porn with them?"
"And they're not a bad looking couple," he went on.
"I noticed that, too," she said.
"I don't know," he said. "I guess I'm a little intrigued by the offer. I mean we've kind of fantasized about swapping, right?"
"True," she said, obviously thinking about the offer, as well.
Although they had never had other partners in the ten years they'd been married, they had both had other partners in the past. In their college days, in fact, they had each had three-way sex, at one time or another. It had not been with each other, however—they hadn't met, yet.
"So, what do you think?" he asked. "Should we take them up on their offer, and see where it leads?"
"Do you think you could stand idly by, and watch me take another man's cock in my mouth?" she asked in reply.
"Hell no!" he answered. "Idly by? I'd have my dick in my hand, stroking for all it was worth!"
"Really?" she said with a laugh. "How about if he fucked me from behind while I went down on Betty, and licked her pussy?"
"Holy shit, Jill!" he said, "You keep talking like that, and I'll have to pull out my dick, right now, and start jacking off!"
Again, she laughed. "You always have been easy to arouse.
"So, let me throw some cold water on you," she went on. "What if they're just into exhibitionism and voyeurism, and just want to screw in front of us, and watch us screw?"
"I think I could still get into that," he said. "It would be like live-action porn."
"And what if they just want to watch the movie?"
"Does anyone watch porn for the intriguing plots and Oscar-caliber acting?" he replied. "No. I'm sure there'd be sex involved; it's just a question of what level."
"So, you'll text him in the morning, and tell him that we're in?" Jill said.
Bob pushed his boxers down, setting his stiff cock free to stand straight out, and said, "Does this answer your question?"
Jill dropped to her knees in front of him, and took the head of his cock in her mouth, sucking, and swirling her tongue all around the spongy knob of flesh. She then leaned forward and took most of its length into her mouth, all the way to the back of her throat.
Gently massaging his balls with one hand, she sucked hard as she slowly withdrew, dragging her tongue along the sensitive underside of his dick.
When his spit-slick cock finally left her lips, she looked up, and said, "What ifhewants to do that to you?" She kissed his cock head, and added, "And more importantly, what if he wants you to return the favor?"
"Boy, that's been a long time!" he replied.
She wrapped her hand around his erection, and slid it back and forth from knob to base, rubbing her thumb against the sensitive spot just behind and below the head.
"But you'd do it?" she said.
"Would that turn you on?" he asked. "To see me suck a cock?"
"Oh, yeah!" she said, and then plunged her mouth all the way down his shaft then back off, again. "That story about your first time trying bi always makes me hot!"
"Likeyourstory about your little Asian roommate," he replied. "The image of you two in a sixty-nine on the top bunk is even hotter than Chasey and Joan of Arc!"
She gave him another suck, and said, "It sounds like you'd be disappointed if theyweren'tbi."
"I think I would be," he agreed. "But if they're not, maybe we could get them to cross the line. They're obviously pretty open-minded people."
She stood up, kissed him hard, and said, "Fuck me, baby! Shove your hard cock up my hungry wet cunt, and fuck the shit out of me!"
He took hold of the nightgown she had put on, and pulled it off over her head, leaving her naked. With his lips locked to hers, he walked her backwards to the bed, and then pushed her onto it.
He slid her firm, naked butt to the edge of the bed, spread her legs wide, leaned in, and covered her pussy lips with his mouth.
She was already wet, and Bob kissed and licked at the soft folds of flesh, coaxing even more pre-cum from the warm depths of the cunt that he knew so well.
With his face covered in her pussy juice, he stretched up, laid out across her naked body, and planted a hot kiss on her mouth.
Between passionate bites, laps, and sucks, he managed to mumble into her mouth, "So, you think Betty's pussy would taste that good?"
"God, I hope so!" she managed to reply. "It's seems likeforeversince I've had my face buried in a hot pussy!"
As they continued their intense kissing, Bob raised his hips, and with years of practice behind him, he guided his stiff prick to the entrance of Jill's soaping wet pussy, without using his hands.
As he rocked forward, sliding the length of his cock up her cunt hole in one smooth, fluid motion, she closed her eyes, moaned into his mouth, and then said, "Oh, my God! That feels so good!" She wrapped her arms around him, tightly, and told him, "Just hold your hard cock deep inside me like that! God, I love you so much!"
As they continued to kiss, he held his hips still, with his dick pushed balls-deep up her cunt.
After a half a minute, or so, of just enjoying the feeling of his cock filling her pussy, she began to contract and relax her pelvic muscles, getting her cunt to "milk" his dick.
"Oh, God!" he moaned. "I love how you do that! It's like getting sucked off by your cunt!"
She kissed him hard and clawed her fingers into his ass cheeks as she continued cunt-sucking his cock. After a while, though, she said, "Okay, baby, it's time you fucked me! Shove that hard cock in and out of my cunt!" She slapped him hard on the ass, and repeated, "Fuck me, baby!"
He began ramming his dick in and out of her sloshing pussy, hard and fast, slamming his pubes into hers with every drive up her cunt.
She moaned in raw pleasure, and continued to take slaps at his moving ass, as she spewed filthy talk at him.
"Fuck it, baby! Fuck that hot cunt! Pretend that's Betty's cunt you're slamming your stiff dick into! Fuck her dripping cunt, baby, because I'm feeling Harry's hard cock pounding mine!"
He slammed her even harder, and she responded to his increased pace by asking him, "You like watching your hot-wife get her pussy pounded by a strange cock? Does that turn you on, baby?"
"Holy shit! I'm gonna cum, babe!" he growled in reply. "You make me so fucking hot!"
"In my face, Harry!" she shouted at him. "I want my hubby to watch you splatter my face with your hot cum! Jerk off your fat cock right in my face!"
Bob pulled his dick out of Jill's pussy, and began to jerk it off as Jill quickly slid down the bed, and off onto the floor, so that she was sitting on the floor with her face inches from her husband's flying fist.
"Oh yeah!" he groaned as he held his cock aimed at Jill's closed mouth, and blew his first rope of hot cum onto her face.
He shot a second spurt that covered her nose, and then he started jerking off, again, pumping every drop of jism that he could drain from his balls.
As he hammered his cock, sending spurt after spurt onto his wife's face, she opened her mouth, and with a web of cum bridging her lips, she encouraged him, "Cum on me, Harry! Cum all over my face! Cover me with your hot fucking cum, 'cause you know who's gonna clean it up? My hubby and your slut-wife! They're gonna lap up every bit of your jism, and share it all with me!"
As soon as Bob felt he had squeezed every drop of juice from his dick and balls, he dropped to his knees, and began kissing and lapping at Jill's cum splattered face. Over and over, he retrieved ribbons of cum, and then planted a big kiss on Jill's mouth, swapping and sharing it with her.
When he finally had her mostly clean up, he lifted he back onto the bed, with her ass at the edge, and he went back to where he had started; eating his pussy.
He locked his mouth over her mound, and as he ground his tongue as roughly into her clit as he could, he pushed two fingers up her cunt hole, and began finger fucking her hard and fast.
"Oh God, Betty!" she cried out as she pushed her husband's face hard against her pussy. "Eat my cunt! Eat my burning fucking cunt while you shove your hand up my hole! Oh, my fucking God, Betty!"
Jill built very quickly to her orgasm, and when Bob felt her tense up at its start, he crooked his middle finger up inside her cunt, and ground it hard against her G-spot.
She let out a loud, "Oh, fuck, yeah!" as her pussy spewed a small river of cum all over Bob's face and hand.
Wave after wonderful wave went through her, and her pussy gushed her juices over Bob's still-fucking fingers, and still-sucking mouth.
Finally, she had to push him away, though, and she just lay on the bed trying to catch her breath.
Bob crawled up beside her, planted a big cunt-flavored kiss on her lips, and said, jokingly, "Was it good for you?"
"Holy shit!" she replied. "That was un-fucking real! How many hours do we have to wait until Saturday night?"
To Be Continued ...
Love,
Casey