Summer thought to herself "I'm going to be late again." The baby sitter had been late and now she found herself rushing across town to get to her job interview on time. "Why does this always happen?" she thought. She glanced down at her phone to see what time it was but the phone had slid sideways across the seat. She quickly reached for it and then glanced up just in time to watch as her car crashed into the car in front of her.
"Damn it!" she thought. There goes the job interview and she really needed that job. It was hard to make ends meet and to keep her head above water with her two daughters. Now she would not make it to the job interview at all.
Then she really began to panic. "My car!" she thought. With the realization that she had damaged her car came the memory of having to cancel her insurance last month because she could not afford it. She simply wanted to cry wondering if she would ever get her life in order.
Just as she had those uplifting thoughts she looked out the windshield and saw a man looking at the damage. She lowered her head to the steering wheel in total frustration. Unaware of how long she had remained like this she was startled by someone rapping on the driver's side window. She could hear his muffled voice asking "Are you okay?"
Wearily she nodded and stepped out of the car. They walked together to take a look at the damage. "Well" the gentleman said "it looks like both cars are drivable so we won't need a wrecker."
Summer sighed in resignation and said "I'm not sure what I am going to do. I don't have any insurance to repair your car."
The gentleman who appeared to be in his mid thirties took a few moments to study her and then said "I'm sorry to hear that. Since you hit me the repairs to my car are your responsibility. I imagine that the police will probably write you a ticket too unless we get the cars off the road before someone calls them. I have a business that you might be able to help me with and that way you can work off the debt."
I looked at him suspiciously and wondered what kind of business and what exactly he had in mind. Just as I was about to ask we were interrupted as a police car pulled up. "Oh shit." I thought. "It just gets better and better."
When the officer came up to us the gentleman held out his hand and said "Good afternoon officer. My name is Enrique Gonzalez." After shaking hands the officer identified himself and asked what had happened.
My new friend Enrique told the officer that we had just had a little fender bender and that we wanted to simply take care of it by ourselves. The officer glanced over at the minor damage and made a decision. "Well that's okay with me. The damage isn't serious, no one was injured and that way I won't have to fill out a mountain of paper work. Are you sure that is acceptable to you both?"
Enrique and I both replied that we were fine with that solution. With that the officer held up traffic long enough for us to move our cars into a strip mall parking lot just down the street.
Enrique suggested that we get out of the oppressive heat and adjourn to a little cafe that was in the strip mall so that we could discuss the accident in the air conditioning. He ordered coffee and I had an iced tea.
Enrique said "I don't even know your name." Smiling I said "My name is Summer, Summer Johnson." Enrique smiled and held out his hand. "It's nice to meet you Summer Summer Johnson." We both laughed at his little joke and sat there for a few moments gathering our thoughts.
"I . . ." he said just as I said "What . . . ." We both smiled again and he said "Ladies first."
"What kind of business do you have?" I asked.
"I own a photography studio." he replied. I shook my head. "It's not likely that I can be much help around a photography studio. I don't know anything about photography." I said.
"That isn't going to be a problem." he said. "You are a lovely young woman and I am always looking for models. It is not easy to find people who are comfortable in front of a camera."
At his words my antenna went up. You become quite suspicious when you are the mother of two little girls who depend on you. Decisions that I made on a day to day basis could have lasting and harmful effects on my girls and they were the most important thing in my life.
"Exactly what kind of model did you have in mind?" I asked as my imagination ran away with me. I could see it now. He probably ran a porn operation and thought he could take advantage of me.
"I'll tell you what. I will get an estimate to fix my car. Then tomorrow you can come by my studio and take a look for yourself. Then, if you remain uninterested, we can discuss how you plan to pay for the repairs. I'll see you around two o'clock." With that he rose, left a twenty dollar bill on the table, handed me a business card and left.
I picked up the card. It said Enrique Gonzalez, Professional Photographer.
Underneath the name was an address and phone number. Well, I thought. It looks legitimate and it wasn't very far from where I was so I decided to drive by this studio to see what I could.
The studio was located about a half mile away. It was on a quiet cul-de-sac lined with older homes. What set the place apart is that all of the homes had been converted to business use and a parking area filled what had been the turning area at the end of the cul-de-sac. It was clearly an upscale area and everything looked to be on the up and up.
Summer knew that she should get home as soon as possible. She had to pay the baby sitter and she still didn't have a job. As she was turning the car around she spotted Enrique's car in the driveway of the home containing his studio just as she was leaving.
Meanwhile Enrique had been gazing out the window at the front of the building when he saw Summer turning around in the parking area. He just smiled in anticipation. This one was going to be easy he thought. This was not the first time that he had spotted an attractive young woman driving a beat up car and caused an accident by stopping sharply in front of them. A rear end accident was almost always the fault of the person following.
Tomorrow he would see about the sweet young Summer.
When Summer arrived home she paid the baby sitter and set it up so that she would return at one thirty the next day. She emphasized how important it was to be there on time and told her that part of the reason she had missed the appointment today was because of the young girl's tardiness.
The next day Summer arrived just before two o'clock. As she entered the studio lobby a bell rang in the back. A few moments later a beautiful Latina teen entered the room smiling broadly. "Hello!" she said. "How can I help you?" "My name is Summer Johnson." I told her. "I believe that Mr. Gonzalez is expecting me."
Before the young girl could answer Enrique came in from the back room. "Summer" He exclaimed. "It's so good to see you. I wasn't sure that you would come by. Then I would have had to hunt you down to give you the mechanic's estimate for the repairs on my car." he said holding out a sheet of paper.
I took the proffered sheet and looked at it. As I scanned the paper the only thing I really saw was the amount of Three thousand five hundred sixty-seven dollars and thirty-six cents. Suddenly I felt faint.
Seeing my response Enrique reached out to steady me. "It's not too bad is it?" he asked. "It was originally higher but since I know the shop owner I was able to convince him to lower his price."
Still stunned Summer looked up, her distress evident on her face. She was near tears when she said "I don't have that kind of money. I'll never be able to pay you this."
Smiling at her Enrique said "I told you yesterday that we could work something out. Summer you are a lovely young woman and good models are hard to find. If you agree to pose for me I will pay you fifty dollars an hour just to look pretty and let me take your picture. I will need you to sign a model release so that I can sell the pictures to people who would use them in advertisements. I'll even include a clause so that you get an additional payment each time your picture is used. What do you say? Why not give it a try? We could even take some pictures today to see how it feels."
"I'm not wearing anything nice." Summer said. Enrique smiled exposing his perfect white teeth saying "That's not something to worry about today. We're just going to take a few candid shots and it you like it we can have you sign the model release afterwards and set a time for a real shoot."
When Enrique smiled Summer was reminded of a barracuda. As time would prove she should have paid closer attention to those instincts but she decided to just go with it for today.
They spent about forty-five minutes as Enrique took picture after picture. Some of the time he told Summer how to pose and other times he just let her do what she wanted. When Enrique finally called a halt he took the time to show her the pictures. Summer actually thought that several of them were quite good.
When they were done Enrique asked her if she wanted to go forward with a more structured shoot. Summer said "Yes. I think that I would. These pictures look good."
"That's fantastic." Enrique said. In that case I need you to sign this model release for me." Summer quickly signed where he pointed. "Summer" Enrique said holding out a fifty dollar bill, "I have the impression that finances are a little tight for you so I've decided to go ahead and pay you for your time today."
Summer looked at him in surprise and disbelief. That fifty dollars would allow her to stop by the grocery store and get some much needed supplies. She was so shocked that she found herself leaning in and kissing Enrique on the cheek. "Thank you so much. You have no idea how much this means to me."
A few days later Summer's cell phone rang. She did not recognize the number and because she tried to be cautious she decided not to answer but to let the caller leave a message. A few moments later she checked her messages and heard Enrique asking her to call him back.
She immediately called him back and identified herself when he answered. "Hi" he said. I've managed to set aside some time for a photo shoot this Thursday but I will have to do it at five PM. Would you be available then?" he asked.
"Uhm, well, yeah, I guess so." she said. "Okay. I'll look forward to seeing you then." Sensing that he was about hang up Summer stuttered "Wa . . . wait. What should I wear?" she asked. "Just wear whatever you like." Enrique said. "I do so many glamour shoots here that I have plenty of clothes we can choose from. I'll see you then."
Summer slowly put down her cell phone. Deep in thought she wandered over to look out the front window. She could hear her daughters playing in their bedroom. A car drove by and one of her neighbors was standing in their yard watering her flowers. Everything seemed so calm, so normal. Still she felt a slight shiver move over her body. Was she doing the right thing? She did not have any way to pay the electric bill much less pay for the damage to Enrique's car. She really had no choice.
She shook off the feeling and decided that it was time for honesty. Before she had gotten married and had her two daughters she had often enjoyed showing off. It wasn't unusual for her to wear very short shorts with the cheeks of her well formed ass hanging out. She often went around town bra less wearing tops that made it quite obvious that she was not wearing a bra. She never wore panties.
What harm could there be posing for photos for Enrique. She really needed the money and without it there was no way to pay off her debt. After a while a smile slowly spread across her face. This could even be fun.
Oh well. Enough of this she thought. Drifting back down to earth and leaving her reverie behind she turned and headed for the kitchen to make macaroni and cheese for dinner. It was the girl's favorite. Thank goodness because it was cheap.
Summer stepped out of the shower reaching for a towel. Her daughters were napping and the house was quiet. Drying off she wrapped the towel around her slim body and moved into her bedroom.
On impulse she stepped in front of the full length mirror on the back of the bedroom door. She allowed the towel to slip to the floor and stared at her reflection. Summer thought that she still looked pretty damn good for a twenty-eight year old mother of two. Clearly she no longer had the taut flat stomach of a young woman. There was a little loose skin on her tummy but overall she still looked pretty good.
Her tits were not large but they weren't saggy. Her nipples were a dark pinkish brown and about the size of a fifty cent piece with button sized points. Letting her gaze slide down her body she noted that she still had a recognizable waist with flaring hips.
At the intersection of her thighs her pussy lips were visible. She had recently shaved her pubic area and she could clearly see even more as she spread her legs slightly. Not bad she thought.
She turned to her dresser and removed a pair of high leg pink panties. Digging around in the same drawer she found a matching bra. She placed the cups over her breasts and started to hook it in the front when she made a major decision. She wasn't going to wear a bra. She quickly replaced the bra back in the drawer before she could change her mind. She knew what she was going to do. She needed to impress Enrique and she needed him to want to photograph her so that she could pay for the repairs to his car.
Opening another drawer she pawed through her shorts looking for a pair of short shorts with wide flaring legs. The pair she was looking for was dark blue and was short enough that when she bent over the cheeks of her ass were exposed. Hell her cheeks were barely covered when she stood upright. They were loose almost like boxer shorts. When she sat down she could expose her crotch covered panties when she wanted to just by moving her legs slightly.
After drawing the shorts up her slim legs she turned to the closet to find the top she wanted. It took a few moments before she found it. It was light blue and went well with the shorts. It was short sleeved with a loose dipping neckline. When she was wearing this top and she leaned forward just right she knew that you could see her breasts.
She finished everything off with just a touch of makeup and lip gloss and headed out.
When Summer arrived at Enrique's studio the door was opened almost immediately by the exotic young woman that had been there the other day. She said "Hi" to Summer and motioned for her to follow her to the studio in back where it was clear that Enrique had been at work setting the mood.
There was a small couch and matching chair along with several lights placed around the room. In the corner a fan whirred as it swung back and forth stirring the air.
Enrique looked up and smiled. "Hey Summer" he said. "You are looking good this afternoon. I like your outfit. In fact it's actually better than what I had selected. Oh I'm sorry. I haven't introduced you to Rosa have I? She helps out as my assistant and I thought that you might feel better if she were here."
Rosa waved her hand and said "Hi." Summer nodded to Rosa and reached out to shake her hand.
"How about we get started?" Enrique said. Summer asked Enrique "What do you want me to do?"
"Well how about just sitting on the couch. I'll just take some shots as you get comfortable. Rosa would you adjust those fill lights for me? Thanks."
Summer had no idea what she should do so she just assumed as many different poses as she could think of on the couch. It seemed to her that Enrique was making a special effort to try to get shots down the front of her blouse. She chuckled at the thought. She actually hoped that he was getting a good look.
A few moments later she spread her legs knowing that the loose leg of the shorts would flare our and her pink panties would be visible. Enrique noticed that immediately and began to change the picture angle.
After about ten minutes Enrique stopped and suggested that they take a break. He walked over to a refreshment area on the far side of the room. "I have water, soda and wine. Which would you like Summer? By the way, have I told you that I really like your name? It is very unusual."
"No you hadn't and thanks. I probably shouldn't but I think that I would enjoy a glass of wine please."
"Rosa, would you like something?" Enrique asked. Rosa said "Yes please. I think that I would like a glass of wine also."
The three of them sat together on the couch just chatting and getting comfortable with each other.
Finally Enrique said "Summer I'd like to kick it up a notch. Would you mind? Would you like to continue? I know that you are a little reluctant but I'd like to make it worth your while. I told you that I would pay you fifty dollars an hour and I will. But what I'm willing to do is give you the fifty that I know you can use and also take fifty dollars off your debt. Does that sound fair?"
"What?" Summer squealed. "You can't really be serious. How can you afford to do that?"
"Well, as I told you, I have a market for my photos and several of my customers have expressed an interest in using them. I took the liberty of showing them the shots that we took the other day. I hope that you don't mind."
Surprise clearly showing on her face Summer said "No I don't mind at all. In fact I am surprised that anyone was interested at all."
"Okay then let's get started. I want to include Rosa in this series. We will just resume what we were doing before but this time I want the two of you to sit on the couch and just chat. Move around and act like two friends just spending time together."
So that is what we did. When I looked at Rosa it seemed to me that she looked different. She was wearing the same low cut top but I thought sure that she had been wearing a bra before. I was pretty sure that she wasn't now. Oh well no big deal.
After a few moments Enrique asked me to sit on the couch with my legs spread a bit. Then he had Rosa sit between them with her arm thrown over my thigh and her head resting on her arm looking up at me. The way that my legs were spread I was quite sure that my panties were on display yet again. Rosa's warmth felt strange resting between my legs.
"Okay" Enrique said. "Let's kick it up again. Rosa I want you to stay where you are but slide your hands up under Summer's top and cup her breasts."
I'm sure that Rosa felt me stiffen at that remark and I'm guessing that it was obvious to Enrique also because he asked "What's the matter Summer? Never been with a girl before?"
"No Enrique?" I said. "I haven't been with a girl before but that's not the problem here."
"Well I'm glad that's not the problem. Then what is?" Enrique asked.
"I'm not comfortable with what you just suggested. I don't think that I want to do this."
Enrique looked at me for a moment and then shook his head. "That's always an option. I'll have my attorney contact you tomorrow and start the process."
"Process? What process?" Summer stammered.
"Well if you are unwilling to work off your debt under the very generous conditions that I have offered I will have no recourse but to sue you to collect what you owe me."
I could not believe what Enrique was saying. How did things get derailed so quickly? "Enrique you know that I don't have any money and I don't have a job yet. How am I supposed to pay you?"
"Summer how you pay me is your problem. I tried to work with you but you do not want to continue. What do you want me to do? I've offered you a choice and an opportunity."
"But, but this isn't what I expected."
"Look Summer. I take pictures. It's what I do. My clients are interested in seeing more of you. Don't tell me that you are bothered by Rosa because I could get a man if you prefer."
"No. I've always wondered what it would be like with a woman but I'm not sure that I can do this."
"Here's the deal. I know that I told you that I would pay you fifty dollars an hour for tonight. I'm willing to sweeten the deal. I'll pay you five hundred dollars and forgive the same amount of debt for this shoot tonight. But if you agree you need to understand that I will see you nude. You will be photographed having sex with a woman. You will do as you are told."
"Enrique how can I possibly do this?"
"I don't know Summer but you need to make up your mind right now. I don't have time for this. What's it going to be?"
"Alright! Okay! I'll do it. I need the money too much not to do it. But this is it. No more. This is the last time that I'll ever do anything like this."
"Well I'm sorry that you feel that way Summer because you will still owe me about three thousand dollars even after tonight. I was planning on three more sessions at one thousand dollars each and then we will be even. You will never have to see me again but we'll talk about that later."
"If we are done with this conversation for now then I need the two of you to resume your positions on the couch while I set up the video camera."
Summer blanched and said "Video?"
"Yes Summer. Video! In addition to photos I am going to make a video of you and Rosa pleasuring each other. Her dark brown skin will make a lovely contrast with your pale complexion. Now let's get to it. Oh and Summer. Take a walk into the other room and lose the pink panties. Put the shorts back on. When you come back I want to be able to see some of that pussy peeking out from under those shorts."
Summer did not appreciate being ordered around and as she went into the other room her mind was whirling. Although she didn't want to do this a part of her was thrilled by the thought of making love with another woman. Not only that but Rosa was hot and Summer really wondered what it would be like. It was something that she had wondered about for a long time but would never have done on her own. What would it be like to kiss another woman and to feel another woman's hands on her body? What would it be like to give and get oral sex from another woman? And how erotic would it be to know that everything that she and Rosa were going to do was being filmed and would be made available for others to see?
Summer quickly removed her panties and returned to the studio. She sat on the couch and spread her legs knowing that now Enrique could see, film and photograph her pussy. She shivered as Rosa resumed her position between her legs.
Enrique motioned for them to resume what he had told them to do. Summer tensed as she felt Rosa insert her hands under her top. Slowly the inquisitive fingers moved upward until she reached Summer's breasts. Rosa wrapped her long fingers around each breast pinching and tweaking the sensitive nipples. After a few moments Enrique stopped taking pictures.
He said "Okay." I'm going to leave the video going and I will edit out the parts that we don't need. Rosa I want you to keep playing with her tits but now I want to see them. Summer I've been looking at them down your shirt all night and now I want them out where I can see them. So when I stop talking Summer I want you to slowly raise your top up exposing your tits while Rosa continues to work them over."
"Rosa when she gets her top up I want you to sit beside her so that you can suck on her nipple. Grab the bud in your teeth and pull on it. Then pinch her nipples and twist them. I want to see her wince with the exquisite pain. Don't leave any marks on her though."
A grin spread across Enrique's face as Summer's rosebud topped breasts came into view. He smiled broadly as he watched Rosa's long brown fingers squeezing and massaging Summer's pale white breasts. He knew that he was going to be a winner again. Summer was hooked and until the three thousand dollars that she owed him was paid he was going to get all the pictures and video that he could. He had plans.
As soon as Rosa took Summer's nipple between her lips Summer began to squirm. Her nipples had obviously been suckled before but it was exciting to realize that it was the lips of an exotic dark skinned beautiful woman that were worrying at her nipples now. She had dreamed of something like this many times and now it was actually happening. How hot is that?
Enrique stopped taking photos long enough to tell Rosa what he wanted next. Then he resumed capturing the scene as one of Rosa's hands dropped to Summer's crotch.
Rosa removed her clothing and then reseated herself next to Summer. OMG thought Summer when she felt Rosa's hand between her legs. This can't be happening she thought but it was. She had dreamed of having a dark skinned Latina make love to her for years. She had no idea herself why it was such a turn on but it was and she even liked knowing that Enrique was watching and recording it all. When this was over she would have to have a copy of the video to use to get off on when she was lonely.
Enrique moved in closer to get close up shots as Rosa continued trying to get to Summer's pussy. He was rewarded with good shots when Summer finally surrendered to the sensations and allowed her legs to relax and parted her thighs in welcome to Rosa's probing fingers.
Enrique backed up to get a wider shot and then instructed Rosa to remove Summer's shorts. At first he thought that Summer might resist but she did not. He snapped picture after picture as Summer lifted her butt to assist Rosa. When the shorts were off Rosa sat beside Summer and resumed worrying Summer's nipples with her teeth as her hand returned to her crotch.
Enrique recorded everything as Summer parted her thighs and Rosa immediately inserted her middle finger deep into the parted lips of Summer's pussy. Over the next few minutes Rosa kept working at the lovely pussy and inserting more fingers. Even Enrique was surprised as he watched and recorded Rosa's whole hand as it disappeared into Summer's pussy. Rosa began to work her hand in and out inserting it all the way to her wrist and then removing it. To his amazement and pleasure Rosa was actually fisting the lovely young Summer and Enrique was recording it all.
Enthralled, Enrique watched as Rosa increased the pace until Summer climaxed spraying cum juice all over the couch and floor. The look on Summer's face was priceless and Enrique knew that the video would sell quite well.
While Summer lay there legs spread wide Rosa followed Enrique's instructions and removed her top exposing her large breasts with large dark nipples. She also stood and removed the shorts that she had been wearing and posed for the camera totally naked.
Then she sat back down next to Summer. She placed her arm around Summer on the back of the couch and pulled her head down to her breast. At first Summer remained still but Rosa gently moved her head over her breast and soon Summer parted her lips and began to enjoy the taste and feel of Rosa's large dark nipples.
A few moments later Rosa spread her thighs as Summer's hand sought the prize buried there. Soon Rosa was writhing on the couch as Summer's hungry lips continued worrying her nipples. In moments Rosa climaxed her cum spurting all over Summer's hand.
Both young women collapsed back on the couch exhausted. Now was his chance thought Enrique. If I handle this just right I can make this happen.
He took Summer's hand and pulled her up. When she was steady on her feet he told her to lay down on the rug. Startled once again Summer lay down on the floor. I'm not sure that I can do this she thought. Enrique had told her that he was going to have Rosa squat over her shoulders and then move forward until her pussy was over her lips. She was then supposed to eat Rosa's pussy. He called it face sitting.
Then he pulled Rosa up also and told her what he wanted. Summer stared up as Rosa straddled her. She was mesmerized by the sight of Rosa's pussy lips as they were lowered into contact with her own lips. Then she felt Rosa add even more weight. In a trance, Summer parted her lips without even thinking about it and began to use her tongue and teeth to lick and nip at Rosa's pussy lips and clit. Her tongue worked furiously trying to work itself as far in as she could.
Summer opened her eyes when she felt something moving near her head. Looking up she was treated to the sight of Enrique standing there naked and Rosa was busy sucking his engorged cock. Her mind registered this and dismissed it as she resumed probing Rosa's cunt with her tongue. It didn't take long before Rosa climaxed once again. Not as much this time but enough to cover her lips and flow into her mouth. Summer tasted female cum for the first time and found that she enjoyed it.
Moments later she and Rosa changed places and Summer felt another woman's lips and tongue between her legs for the first time. She decided that the feeling was no different than when a man ate her out. What was different was the emotional experience of knowing that this time it was a woman and not a man giving her pleasure.
Then she felt something pressing against her lips and opened her eyes to see that Enrique was pushing his dick against her lips. Without much thought at all she parted her lips and gave him full access to her mouth. She looked up at him and noticed that he was holding the camera and continuing to film her as his long dick slid into her mouth and down her throat only stopping when her nose was resting against his crotch.
Now being pleasured at both ends she willingly accepted his cock down her throat. He began a steady thrusting in and out filming all of the action. Meanwhile Rosa was busy tonguing her pussy. Before she knew it she was squirting cum all over Rosa. Just at that moment Enrique shoved his cock deep down her throat and held it there. Summer felt his cock spasm a couple of times as warm salty fluid slid down her throat. She was somewhat surprised when he pulled his cock from her warm mouth and proceeded to spray cum all over her face too.
All three of them simply remained still for a few moments trying to take in all that had happened.
After they had all cleaned up Enrique complimented her on how well she had done. He sent her home telling her that he would be in contact with her in the next week or so. She started to say something but he held up his hand. "Remember" he said. "You have two thousand dollars more to work off. Then you are done. I'll call you."
Summer glanced in the rear view mirror as she started the car on her way home. There were still remnants of Enrique's cum on her face. He had not allowed her to wipe it off and told her to leave it there until she was once again inside her own home. Although she knew that he would never know if she obeyed him or not she knew that she would know. Being submissive was all about allowing yourself to submit to the will of others.
Summer had taken some giant steps today. For instance she knew that soon there would be a movie of her and the exotic Rosa. People, possibly someone that she knew, would see her with her head between Rosa's legs and her tongue busily licking and thrusting into Rosa's dark pussy. They would see her, legs spread wide as she held Rosa's head in place and enjoyed the sensation of another woman's lips and tongue pleasuring her in the most intimate way.
She was pretty sure that those pictures and video would include her working her lips up and down on Enrique's dick. Her lips wrapped tightly on his shaft as she worked to release the precious cum from within his balls. They would show him buried all the way down her throat and cum dribbling from her lips as he shot his last few loads onto her lovely face. People would see all of that and some may even recognize her. Despite her trepidation she trembled with the sheer erotic delight of it all.
As she pulled out into traffic she glanced down at the thousand dollar check that Enrique had given her. He had paid her for sex and she had accepted. What choice did she actually have? If she had not acquiesced to this she would have been sued for the money that she owed Enrique for wrecking his car. He might even have called the police.
As she was leaving Enrique had told her that there would have to be two more sessions where she would be expected to do heaven only knows what else to satisfy the debt. How could she allow herself to be used like this? The answer to that was easy. She had no money and no job therefore she had no choice. What was troubling is that deep down she had enjoyed herself. She had often wondered why she felt the need to expose herself to strangers or to be dominated. It wasn't something that she was into heavily but it was always in the background.
When she entered her home it seemed that the first thing that she saw was the phone and she shivered in anticipation. When would Enrique call her? What would he expect her to do for yet another thousand dollar check? Would she be able to do what Enrique instructed her to do? She knew that she would and it really was not about the money although that salved her conscience to some degree. It was about the thrill of doing things most people would not do even if they admitted thinking about it.
It was almost a week later as Summer hurried from the kitchen to answer the ringing phone. She had been making dinner. She seldom received calls on her home phone and she wondered who it might be. It had been just over a week since she had heard from Enrique. Could it be him on the phone? Only one way to find out she thought as she answered the phone "Hello".
Her heart began to pound and her hand shook slightly as she recognized the male voice. It was him!
"Summer this is Enrique. It's time for our second session. I'll expect you at my studio at six PM sharp this Friday. I've decided to tell you what is in store for you so that you will have time to think about it. I've got two friends of mine lined up. By the way, have you ever had sex with a black man? No. Well then you are in for an experience most women only dream about. I'll expect you at six. Don't bother to wear any underwear." With that he simply hung up.
Summer's hand was shaking slightly as she replaced the phone. She had never been with two men at the same time. Nice girls did not do that. Was that why she felt a tiny thrill beginning to grow? Wait! Two men was something she had only dreamed of but he had said two black men. She had heard stories about black men having huge dicks. She was a small woman. Could she even accommodate a large black cock?
Over the next few days Summer took care of her day to day commitments but those two large cocks were always in the back of her mind. She even considered not going despite the fact that Enrique would surely sue her if she did not show up. Of course she could not stop thinking of what it might feel like to be the center of attention from these two strangers.
On Friday she arrived at Enrique's studio a little before six. Even as she walked up to the door she was still thinking about leaving but she knew that she wouldn't. She rang the bell and a moment later the exotic Rosa opened the door and said "Hi". Summer said "Hello" realizing that this was the first time the two had actually spoken to each other.
Rosa led her into the studio where she found Enrique busy setting up his video camera and lights. "She's here." Rosa said. Enrique turned saying "It's good to see you Summer. I wasn't sure if you would actually show up. I know that the money is a large incentive but I think that you kind of like the idea of being made to do things you wouldn't normally do. I also think that you are fascinated at the thought of being thoroughly used by my two black friends. Am I wrong?"
Summer cocked her head to the side and took a good long look at Enrique. "I probably should not tell you this but I'm not one of those people who are hung up on the black white thing. What I'm concerned about it the rumors I have heard about the size of their dicks. I'm not sure that I can take a really large cock."
Enrique just smiled and said "Everything will be just fine Summer. Let's get started. Summer I need you naked. You can use the other room or just undress here."
Her modesty long gone Summer simply took off her clothes on the spot. Enrique had her stand in a certain spot where the video camera would get a good view of the coming action. As she stood there totally exposed Enrique told Rosa to go get his friends.
Summer stood there, her pale white body trembling partially from the humiliation of knowing that these two strangers were there to have sex with her and because she found the prospect exciting. How many women actually had the chance have sex with two men at one time? All she could think was "Wow!" as she watched the two men approach.
As the two men entered the room Enrique said "I want one of you on each side of Summer." When they had assumed their places Enrique said "Summer I want you to unzip each of their pants and take out their cock and then just stand there while I take a few pictures of your small white hands wrapped around those huge shafts."
Following instructions I turned to the man on my right and began trying to work the zipper of his pants down. I was finally able to get the zipper down and reached my hand inside. What I found there was disturbing. His cock was as large as any that I had ever felt before. I could hardly get my hand around it. I was finally able to get it out into the open and could only stare for a moment. My hand looked tiny wrapped around it.
My good side was in awe of what I had just done but my naughty side did not want to let go. I finally got my naughty side under control and turned to the second man. Again I struggled with the zipper until I was finally able to get it down. My naughty side giggled wondering what I would find this time. I wasn't disappointed because as I pulled this second dick out it appeared to be the equal of the first.
Enrique smiled as Summer turned to the camera, a black cock in each hand. Enrique took several pictures and then said "Summer I want you to kneel down between the two guys holding one dick on each side of your face."
Somehow I knew where this was going so I wasn't too much of a shock when Enrique told me to suck them. I turned from one to the other trying to decide which one was the smaller. Unable to make a decision that way I simply turned to the one on my right and parted my lips allowing the head to enter my mouth. At first I just moved back and forth on the head but then my naughty side took over and I began to slide more and more of this beautiful instrument into my mouth. Before long I was able to get almost half of it in enjoying the soft warmth.
Before I could get too involved Enrique told me not to forget the other guy. Reluctantly I let the first cock slip from my lips and turned to the second lovely sex tool. Without hesitation I quickly took this cock between my lips. After only a few strokes I felt a hand behind my head as pressure was exerted forcing the cock deeper and deeper. I was sure that I was going to choke when the pressure was released and I was able to get a breath. Almost immediately the pressure resumed and I was stunned as the whole thing slid cleanly down my throat. It tickled when I felt his pubic hair rubbing against my chin. In quick succession the pressure was released and reapplied several times. The last time that the pressure was removed I automatically moved forward taking the cock deeper and deeper down my throat without the pressure. I was actually deep throating this huge tool by myself.
Enrique was thrilled. This was turning out better than he had ever anticipated. He snapped photo after photo as he watched Summer's pink lips stretched around those two black cocks. While Summer had said that the black white thing did not mean much to her Enrique was well aware that there was a large marked for interracial photos and video and these were going to be great ones.
Summer was the perfect girl next door. She wasn't fake or put on. Nor was she gorgeous. She was very attractive with a great shape. Her tits were just right and her ass was to die for. He checked to make sure that while this was all going on the video was recording it all. Enrique was constantly busy taking photos that he would try to sell on the internet.
Next Enrique told me to get on my hands and knees. Then he told the two guys to go to work on my mouth and pussy at the same time. I had never had two men this way and I have got to say that it was mind boggling. After a few minutes the three of us developed a rhythm. As a cock slid easily into my pussy I was backing off of the cock in my mouth. Then the cock in my mouth would be shoved all the way down my throat as the one in my pussy pulled out. Oh my, what bliss that was.
Enrique said "Okay I have enough of that for now. I want one of you to lie down on the floor with your feet toward the camera. Summer I need you to straddle him and lower yourself until you take his cock all the way into yourself."
Doing as Enrique instructed I slowly lowered myself until I could aim his long shaft between my pussy lips as I slid down taking his rod as deeply inside as possible. The other guy stood beside me while I sucked on his cock. The pictures Enrique took of me like that must have been hot. With my legs spread the shaft pumping between the pink lips of my pussy would have been clearly visible as would the second shaft parting my other lips.
Next Enrique said that he wanted me to take the cock from my pussy and guide it into my ass. My immediate response was a resounding "No! I'm not going to do that Enrique. I have done it before but I don't really like it."
Enrique said "Look Summer. You may not like it but in pictures of this nature it is expected. I want you to sit on his cock and then I am going to watch as you take the other one in your pussy. You, my dear, are about to experience a double penetration or DP as it's called. I'll agree that I won't let it go on for too long but I want you to prop yourself up so that I can see your lovely face as you take that black meat into both holes. It will be so erotic and the contrast between their black bodies and your pale one will be lovely. So do it. Let's get this done."
Between the money that I was going to take home and my normally submissive nature I finally raised up allowing the hard rod to slip from my pussy. I grasped it and guided it to the rosebud of my ass hole and began to lower myself. At first it hurt but things got better after the head passed inside. Then it was much easier to lower myself down until his black shaft was buried completely up my ass.
Following Enrique's instructions I began to slide up and down almost pulling it out as I rose up and then burying it to the hilt as I slid back down. It was not unpleasant but decidedly different.
I was momentarily startled as I felt someone step between my outstretched legs. Opening my eyes I looked directly into the eyes of the second man as he placed the head of his dick between the lips of my pussy and entered me. His dick slipped into my well used pussy and soon I found out what a DP felt like. I had never felt this filled up. I was feeling sensations that I had never felt before. I pictured myself as the camera must have seen me, legs spread, a cock in my ass and another in my pussy. The look on my face must have been priceless. In just moments I had risen to the peak and cum spurted out of my pussy and around the dick that was busily pounding in and out. I'm sure that Enrique got good pictures and video as I was roughly used.
I reluctantly felt the cock in my pussy removed and then the splash of warm cum shot onto my pussy. Immediately after that the cock in my ass was removed and as I lay there on my back legs still spread obscenely a second load of cum was deposited on my belly and pussy.
Completely sated, I lay there as Enrique moved closer to get some tight shots of my pussy with cum from two cocks splattered all over and dripping down between the cheeks of my ass and onto my asshole.
To my surprise I was not done for the night. Before my breathing had even slowed the exotic Rosa was between my legs. Her active tongue swirled cum around as she lapped it all up. Her tongue darted between my pussy lips and then stiffened as she fucked me with her tongue. Finally she began to suck on my clit and that's when I let go with another shower of cum spraying all over her face. She wiped some of it off with her hand and offered it to me. Without thinking my lips parted and I tasted myself for the first time.
I laid there for a few moments totally lost in the ecstasy of the whole experience when I became aware of a slurping noise. Opening my eyes I was treated to the sight of Enrique's dick as Rosa worked her mouth back and forth on it. Not wanting to be left out I joined her and we took turns worrying his dick until he finally shot a load of cum on both of our faces.
Once we had all recovered a bit Enrique was back to business reminding me that I had at least one more shot before we would be even. He told me that I was expected to return home without cleaning any cum off my face. Then Rosa took my hand and led me to the door. When we reached the door she turned and gently kissed me probing my mouth with her tongue. She tasted of sex and cum. Not something that I will soon forget.
It was almost three weeks later as Summer stood on her back porch leaning against a post watching her two girls play. She had found it almost impossible not to constantly think about the things that she had done at Enrique's. She had to admit, at least to herself, that she had often had erotic thoughts of herself acting in such wild abandon but she had never thought that she would actually do such things.
It would be easy to blame Enrique and thus absolve herself from all responsibility but she knew that was a falsehood. She had gone to his studio the first time expecting something to happen and her submissiveness had played a part in allowing herself to participate in the erotic sex.
In all honesty she had to admit that she had thoroughly enjoyed herself. The first guy had to work to get his cock into her pussy because of its girth. It was large enough, about seven inches long, but it had been the fattest cock Summer had ever seen. Once inside her pussy she felt like a small log was sliding back and forth inside her. The second guy had used his substantial tool on her ass. Her ass was not virgin and had been used before but she was thankful that his dick had not been as large around as the first one. However, the second cock had been longer, probably more like eight inches and it seemed to almost reach her throat.
She smiled faintly as she remembered the exquisite and well used feeling when both of those cocks had been buried to the hilt in her at the same time. She would probably never feel anything like that again. But what memories she would have.
Still they would be mixed memories. She considered herself a good person and certainly not a slut but she had these urges to expose herself and allow herself to do outrageous things. Things that she had not ever expected to happen. Then she met Enrique and an opportunity was presented. One that would allow her to actually experience some of the more erotic fantasies her mind could conjure up. So far she had not been disappointed.
She wondered when Enrique would call again and what new adventure she would experience. She shuddered as she considered the myriad possibilities.
In the meantime Enrique had been enjoying an influx of cash thanks to the pictures and video he had taken of the lovely Summer. Faking the accident with her had turned into a goldmine. He could hardly make enough copies of the last video to meet the demand. Seeing her young pale body skewered by those two black cocks had been the most erotic thing he had ever filmed and it was clear that his contacts agreed.
What to do now, he thought. I can only be sure of one more session with her so it needs to be a good one. He briefly considered using photos and video that he had to try to force Summer to continue on with more and more outrageous scenarios but, reluctantly decided not to. Now if she wanted to continue he would be on that in an instant but he was rather unique in this business. He fed on a steady flow of new nubile young ladies and he tried to keep his word. After this session Summer would probably not be available and he would honor their agreement. So this final session had to be a good one.
He would give this one some heavy thought and when he had things worked out he would give Summer a call.
Enrique knew he had found what he wanted when he saw the advertisement in the paper. They were having a small fair in a modest sized town about an hour away. He was familiar with the area and was aware of a small park adjacent to the fair grounds. This would be perfect for what he had in mind.
He called Summer and told her to be at his place around noon on Saturday. He wanted to get there when there was plenty of light for his video.
Summer arrived at the studio a little after noon. It had been harder than she anticipated getting a baby sitter but she finally got things straightened out. She refused to leave her girls under the care of just anyone.
Rosa met her at the door and called for Enrique. When Enrique came into the room he smiled and "Hi Summer. Looks like this will be our last visit. I hope you are excited and looking forward to it as much as I am."
I turned and smiled at Rosa and then turning to Enrique I said "I just want this over with. What are we doing today?"
Enrique said "Rosa show her the skirt and top that I want her to wear today. Summer you can just leave your tennis shoes on since you will need them where we are going."
"Going?" I said. "What do you mean going? I'm not going anywhere."
Enrique said "Summer why do we do this. You know that you are going wherever I tell you to because you want to finish paying off your debt so why give me grief? We will be back before dark so just go change."
Rosa tugged on my hand and I reluctantly followed her into the other room. There on the table was an "A" line skirt and a scoop neck knit top. "Enrique doesn't want you to wear any underwear" Rosa said. "But Rosa that skirt will barely cover my ass and my nipples will be clearly outlined by that thin top." I responded.
Rosa simply shrugged so I quickly changed into the clothes and returned to the other room.
Once Enrique saw that I was ready he held the door for Rosa and I and we went to his car. Rosa sat in back and I sat in front. I had no idea where we were going and began to get a little concerned when we headed out of town.
"Enrique where are we going" I demanded. "Take it easy Summer. We are just going over to Pointe City. They are having a town fair and I want to show you off to some of my friends. I know how much you like showing off your charms to anyone who wants to look so I am pretty sure that you will enjoy yourself."
As we reached the outskirts of Pointe City I saw the fairground Enrique had been talking about. It was not a large affair. About typical for what you would expect from a small town celebration. There was a Ferris wheel and a couple of other rides along with a number of food booths.
Just before we reached the fair parking area Enrique pulled off into what turned out to be a little park with some shade trees and a couple of picnic tables.
When we got out of the car Enrique said "Summer the three of us are going to walk over to the fairgrounds. When we get there we will take a leisurely stroll and then we will return here. Rosa I want you to handle the video camera and record everything that happens. Pay special attention to little Summer here because I think that she is going to be the center of attraction."
Enrique took my hand and more or less pulled me across the parking area. As we slowly walked around it was clear that my short skirt, which kept blowing in the breeze and exposing my ass cheeks, had caught the attention of several of the men present. In addition I was excited and my small pointy nipples were thrusting against the cloth of my shirt. I knew that I must have been a pretty picture.
As we reached the far side of the fairgrounds Enrique pulled me into a dark space. He turned to me and said "Now we are going to turn up the heat a little. I was originally going to pull your top down exposing your lovely breasts as we walked around but just before we left the studio I had another idea. You walking around here with your top down and your tits exposed might draw too much attention so I grabbed these scissors just before we left the studio."
He reached into his pocket and produced the scissors. I immediately pulled back from him fearing what he might be planning. "Take it easy" he said. "I'm not going to hurt you. I am going to modify this top just a little." "What exactly what do you have in mind" I asked? With a lecherous smile Enrique said "I'm going to cut small holes in the front of this top to allow your nipples to poke out. Let's see if that generates some attention."
As I obediently stood there excitement and shame coursing through my body in equal measure Enrique took hold of the material covering my nipples and expertly snipped a hole large enough to expose my nipple and a little of my milk white breast. He quickly did the same on the other side and stood back to admire his handiwork. He smiled and said "Now that's better."
I quickly looked down and I saw my nipples poking through the holes that he had made. I'm not sure that I had ever seen anything more erotic. I knew that I looked hot
We returned to the fairgrounds walking hand in hand. Rosa was filming us as if we were movie stars and that was drawing more than a few looks. I loved seeing the faces of the men when they realized that my nipples were poking out of my top. After about ten minutes we had gathered a following of eight to ten men who kept jockeying for position to get in front of us to get better look.
I wasn't paying close attention to Enrique because I was enjoying all of the attention my nipples were receiving. I thought I heard him mumble something and turned to ask him what he had said. Before a word could get a word out of my mouth he reached up and grabbed the scoop neckline of my top and pulled it down until it rested below my breasts leaving them completely exposed. I heard a gasp and quickly looked up to see that all of the men were now openly staring at my exposed breasts.
"Come on" Enrique said. Let's walk a little longer before we get to the real entertainment." With that he grabbed my hand and pulled my back out into the crowd. Things got a lot more exciting now that anyone with eyes could see my exposed tits. A group of teenagers came down the fairway and Enrique made sure that we stopped so that they could take pictures. I was so humiliated. This was not the kind of thing that I would do but damn it was liberating and oh so exciting.
We moved on down the fairway and finally reached the parking lot. I could almost see Enrique's mind working as we stepped between a couple of cars with a wider than usual space between them. Turning to me Enrique said "Get on your knees." "What" I said? "Get down on your knees now" he commanded.
I slowly lowered myself onto the hard pavement. Rosa had moved in to get a good video as had a number of the men who had been following us. "Unzip my pants and take my cock out and suck it. I expect you to deep throat it and when I say that I am going to cum I want you to use my cock to spray cum all over your face."
Somewhat numb from the quick change in the situation I did as I was told. Reaching up I unzipped Enrique's pants and reached inside. I had to struggle a little to remove his hard rod but I finally got it out. I took the head into my mouth and used the tip of my tongue on his pee hole. Then I used my tongue to lick up and down both sides of the shaft finally engulfing the whole thing in my mouth.
I must admit that I have pretty good technique and when I deep throated him pushing his dick down my throat until my nose was flattened against his groin I felt him begin to tense up. Doing as I was told I quickly pulled back and caught his gusher of milk white semen all over my face.
It was then, after the intensity of the moment, that I realized that I had just let an unknown number of strangers watch me giving Enrique what I hoped was the best blow job he had ever had. I stood with my tits exposed and his cum all over my face. What was I thinking?
Enrique tugged my hand and we were off again across the parking lot trailing a crowd of onlookers.
When we reached the picnic area Enrique made me stand there and allow everyone to get pictures as he made his pitch.
"Okay everyone. You have gotten a taste of the lovely Summer. She is going to allow three lucky fellows who are willing to part with a hundred dollars each to fuck her. For those of you less adventurous the exotic Rosa will be giving blow jobs for twenty dollars each."
"Wait a minute" one of the men yelled out. "You mean to say that this here young lady is going to let three of us fuck her simply because you tell her to?" Enrique smiled and said "You just saw her give me a blow job in front of all of you and you see cum on her face don't you?" "Well yeah but how do know that she will do what we tell her and besides, I want to see the rest of the merchandise" he demanded.
Enrique shrugged and said that if he wanted to see if I would do what I was told then he should tell me what he wanted.
The stranger turned to me and said "Pull up your skirt. I want to see this pussy that I'm paying for." Feeling the shame of it all I slowly raised my skirt revealing my shaved pussy. Cameras were all focused on me and recording. "Turn around and let us see your ass too" he demanded. I did as instructed performing a slow turn. "Okay now sit on the edge of the table and spread your legs for us to get a good look." My face was burning hot with embarrassment as I spread my legs wide allowing all of the people there to get a good look and pictures of my moist pussy.
"That's enough" Enrique said. "No more freebies. Either pony up the bucks or move on I don't have all day and she's only going to turn three tricks."
The man held out five twenties to Enrique and said "I want to take her from behind bent over that there picnic table." Enrique turned to Rosa and said "Get the blanket we brought and spread it on the table. She doesn't need any splinters. After that Rosa I want you to drop your top and get on your knees beside her so you can start earning your keep. I'll do the video from here on."
Rosa spread the blanket on the table and then removed her top. She had larger tits and nipples than I did and her skin was a lovely shade of brown. "Wait a minute" Enrique said. "I'll have the girls give you a little show just to show who's in charge.
Summer you go ahead and bend over the end of the picnic table just the way that this gentleman wants you." I did as I was told. "That's great now pull up your skirt so we get a good clear view. Wonderful". Enrique turned to the group of men and asked "Does everyone have their phone out to record this?" He received a chorus of yeses.
"Ok Rosa I know what you like so show us." Although I could not see behind me I knew what was coming and only jumped a little as I felt Rosa's lips and tongue begin to work their magic between my legs. Her talented tongue probed as deeply as she could get it and I felt her nose poking at the little round bud of my ass hole. Then her tongue was there in place of her nose worrying at my ass hole. I couldn't help it. In moments I was so hot that I could no longer control myself and cum sprayed from my pussy coating Rosa's lovely face and even getting into her hair. I don't think that I had ever cum so hard in my life.
I was jolted by the clapping from the group of men that had been watching.
Rosa's tongue withdrew and I felt the probing of a strange dick as it sought entry to my womanhood. At first he just rubbed it between the lips of my pussy spreading lube all around. Then he began to push forward and slowly his shaft entered me. Once again I found myself servicing a stranger.
Embarrassed, excited, humiliated, did I mention excited? How can you possibly experience all of those emotions at the same time? That's a question that I cannot answer but I was surely in turmoil. As this stranger pounded his cock into my pussy a part of my mind was thankful to hear Enrique tell him that he was welcome to cum on my ass and pussy but not to cum inside me and I was even more grateful to hear him grunt "Okay."
I thought that he was going to be able to go on all day but finally I felt the emptiness as he removed his dick and then I was rewarded with the feel of hot cum splashing against my pubic mound and onto my pussy lips and ass.
Only two more to go I thought and then this delicious ordeal will be over. Talk about mixed emotions.
After the first man was finished I lay there awaiting instructions with cum making its way slowly down my inner thigh from where it had been deposited on my pussy. It seems that there was a little discussion on who would be next. In the background I could hear Rosa as she worked another cock to completion. I could not help but wonder how many loads of cum she had swallowed so far and how many she would end up taking while I got fucked two more times.
I could hear Enrique negotiating with the next man who wanted to bury himself in my body. Being the focus of so much attention was a total turn on. Knowing that I was desired by a group of men each of whom wanted to put his dick into my pussy had my mind reeling. Being a slut like this was so not me yet I cannot remember how many times I had had a similar fantasy.
From what I could tell the next guy was saying that a hundred dollars was too much for a piece of ass. I clearly heard Enrique say "You dumb shit! That is a choice piece of ass and she does not normally do shit like this. If you don't pony up the hundred right now then step out of the way. She has agreed to two more tricks and you can either be one or be gone. What's it going to be?"
I could hear the man saying "Okay! Okay! Here's the hundred but I want her to turn over so I can see her face as I fuck her." "Then tell her what you want and get to it. We can't stay here all day." Enrique responded.
The man approached and in a gruff voice said "Roll over on your back and spread those legs." Following instructions I rolled over and placed my ass on the edge of the table and spread my legs wide. I was surprised to see an older man of about sixty with a full beard. He quickly approached and as I watched removed his cock from his pants and shoved himself into me burying his tool to the hilt inside my pussy.
After the first thrust he simply rested there between my thighs with his dick filling me. In a few moments he pulled back and thrust forward ramming his dick in to the hilt. Summer grunted with the strength of each thrust. Then he began a rhythmic pounding bouncing against her pubic mound each time. Summer began to wonder how long she could stand this battering ram assault.
Apparently for all his powerful thrusts he had no staying power. Thankfully, after only a few minutes, he removed his dick and spewed semen all over my pubis and tummy with some even landing on my chest. Clearly he had been saving it up for some time.
Summer lay there bathed in cum thinking one more to go. I'm going to miss the ability to do outrageous things and not take the blame. Breathing heavily after being fucked by two strangers she continued to lay there and listened to Rosa working on yet another cock.
She watched with interest as a group of five young men walked up to Enrique arguing among over who was going to do the deed. As Summer listened she began to realize what was happening. It seemed that none of the young men had the hundred dollars that Enrique demanded. So they had decided to band together and each of them would contribute twenty dollars. The problem was that now that they had the hundred dollars they couldn't decide which one of them was going to get to fuck me.
As they stood there quietly arguing Summer began to study them. She was a little put off by the fact that they all seemed quite a bit younger than she. She didn't really like the idea of being used by a younger man but she really did not have any choice in the matter. They looked like college students to Summer who were probably out on a lark for the weekend.
After a few moments of bickering Enrique finally held out the five twenty dollar bills and said "Enough already. Here is your money back. I don't have time for this. I'll have to get someone else."
"Wait" they all cried out almost in unison. Enrique looked at them and asked "Have you decided which one of you is going to fuck the lovely Summer?" "Uh no." one of them responded. "I'll make you a suggestion that you either take or you move on. Okay?"
The young man who seemed to be the spokesman for the group asked "What suggestion?"
Enrique smiled his predatory smile and said "Let Summer decide."
As a group they all looked at Summer still lying there on the table with her legs spread wide and cum all over her pussy and running down her legs. Then they put their heads together for a conference and quickly decided that they would accept Enrique's suggestion.
Now all eyes were on Summer. Of course they had all been looking at her loveliness which was on display for all to see. Summer was startled. "Me!" she stammered. They all nodded as Summer really began to look them over. One stood out for her and it wasn't what anyone would have expected. There was one young man in the group that looked somewhat like the typical nerd stand out. He looked like he might even be a virgin.
As she considered Summer realized that she was going to chose a man who was going to pay to fuck her. Wasn't that exactly what a whore or a slut did?
Still in a bit of a daze Summer said "Okay. I pick that one" as she pointed to the nerd. "Ma. . me?" he stammered. "You want to have sex with me?" "You!" Summer replied. "Come on over here and let's get this done."
At first the group of young men had been surprised by the choice but they quickly got into the spirit. Before the young nerd knew what was happening his friends had dropped his pants and underwear and shoved him forward between Summer's wide spread legs.
It only took one look at his limp dick for Summer to realize that this was going to take some extra effort. With a little struggle she managed to sit up and reached for his limp member. She stared into his eyes as she began to stroke her hand back and forth. She watched as his eyes traveled from her cum splashed face and lips down her trim body and fastened on her cum drenched pussy. She felt a response from his dick as it began to respond to her attentions.
As she worked her hand back and forth she was surprised to realize that she really wanted to fuck this young man. She wanted to feel his cock sliding between her pussy lips and deeply into her sex. With that thought she realized that her efforts had been successful. She leaned back down drawing him forward with her and guided the head of his cock between her pussy lips. She actually sighed as his dick slid into her and he began to thrust with rhythm and vigor.
Unfortunately her enjoyment was not to last too long because the young man just could not hold back. At first she thought that he was going to forget to pull out so as he stiffened up prior to releasing his sperm into her she pulled back just in time and he added his creamy cum to what was already spread all over her pussy. It was then that she realized that the first guy had cum on her pussy and that the other two had fucked her without wiping up the mess. She surely hoped that she had not inadvertently gotten pregnant even though they had all pulled out.
When the nerd's limp dick slipped from her pussy she looked up at him and smiled. She was surprised to see him silently say "Thank you."
With that she stood up pulling her too short skirt down over her soaking and well used pussy. She pulled her top back down without even realizing that her nipples promptly jumped out of the holes that Enrique had cut in her top. Enrique grabbed the blanket and Rosa brought the camera equipment and they placed it all in the trunk and headed home.
Summer could not believe that it was all over. She was free and out of debt to Enrique. Her adventure was over. Deep in her heart she knew that she was going to miss acting so outrageous. She had been forced to show her body to strangers and to have sex with more men than she had had sex with up to this point in her life.
When they arrived back at the studio Rosa and Enrique retrieved the camera equipment and blanket from the trunk of the car and they all went inside. Enrique took out his wallet and gave her the last thousand dollars. He smiled and said "Summer I am truly going to miss you. This has been quite an experience and I sincerely hope that you have enjoyed it as much as I have. I want you to know that if you ever need some quick cash I will always be willing to use you as a model."
I took the money and said "Thanks Enrique but I doubt that will ever happen. What you saw was not me. You had me in a position that allowed you to take advantage. That was the only reason that I let you tell me to do those things. You won't be seeing me again."
I walked over to Rosa and took her hand and kissed her full on the lips. "Don't be a stranger" I said as I walked out the door.