Claire's father owned the old hotel.
It was somewhat small. Only 5 floors. It had been with their family for several generations. Claire's father lived there as he ran the place and Claire grew up there as well.
After briefly moving away for college, Claire had returned to the hotel while looking for a job of her own. She was always happy to help her father and enjoyed meeting new people here. The other upside was, she got to live in a nice room for free.
One day, Claire was bored as she sat behind the counter. She read a fashion blog on her phone to pass the time.
That changed when her father came to her with a smile on his face.
"I have a surprise," he said.
She looked at him with a bored expression. "More errands to run?"
"Don't be sarcastic. I've got big news and I've waited before things were confirmed before I could tell you about it. A big Hollywood studio wants to film scenes for a movie here. They looked at our hotel and decided it was right."
She was taken aback. "Wow. How come I didn't know about this?"
"The director came a few months ago to scout for locations while you were still at college. It's going to be a horror movie."
"Who's the director?"
"Take a guess. It's someone who's apparently very famous."
She put her phone down, getting interested. "Hmm... Well I've read that a number of horror movies are in development. Is it Nolan or Fincher?"
"Someone named Le Chifere. Have you heard of him?"
Claire's eyes widened. "Did you say Le Chifere?"
"Tall guy, kind of old, thick mustache. Speaks with a French accent."
"Very cool! I think he's an incredible director. One of the best who's ever lived."
"So I've heard," he replied. "Anyway, I just got the confirmation. They'll be here next month for a three week shoot. Many of the cast and crew will also be staying here during that time. We'll be very busy."
"Great for business. Do you know who's starring in it? Anyone famous?"
He smiled, "A little known actress named Leanne. Sound familiar?"
Claire's eyes grew even wider. "Please don't joke around like this. I'm serious. If this is a joke, then it's not funny."
"Would I joke about something like this?"
"Remember when you said you bought me a magical unicorn?" she reminded. "I couldn't stop crying when I found out that it wasn't true."
"Claire, you were 12. That was ten years ago. You still remember that?"
"Some scars never heal," she said with a playfulness to torment her loving father, in a way that only a daughter can do on purpose.
"Well, I'm telling you the truth."
He reached for the phone in his pocket and searched through it. Then he showed Claire a picture, which was of him with Leanne.
"Oh my god," she gasped. "And Leanne will be staying here?"
"She'll be on the top floor. The luxury room."
"For the entire three weeks?"
"For as long as they film here," he nodded. "That's the plan."
"Can you excuse me while I faint?"
~~~~~~~~~~
Leanne was a bonafide movie star. She began as a teen sensation thanks to a popular tv show.
Years later, Leanne successfully made the transition to become a credible actress. She landed big movie roles. She ventured away from the comedies she was known for and she focused on dramatic roles. It wasn't long that she became a box office draw and a fashion icon.
There had been a few nasty headlines about Leanne's diva behavior and outlandish requests. But it was nothing she couldn't bounce back from. All she needed was a few appearances on a late night talk show and she would make the audience fall in love with her. With her personality and cute face, no one could resist.
She was also a lesbian.
That was her closely guarded secret. Only a small group of people knew about it. Leanne's game was making her female fans do her sexual bidding. And she never failed.
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
It was the first day of filming at the hotel. Leanne had already filmed the arrival scene. Hours later, they filmed another scene where Leanne first enters her hotel room.
The room used for filming was remodeled by the movie crew to give it a more rustic look. Perfect for a horror film.
All the while, Claire watched in awe as her idol worked. It was a dream come true to see the great Leanne in action. Unfortunately, due to a contractual provision, no one aside from the crew members were allowed to talk to Leanne or ask for autographs. Once again, the actress's diva behavior was on display.
After filming, Leanne went up to her luxury room on the top floor.
Claire remained star-struck as she went back to the lobby. She still couldn't believe that she was watching a movie being made. It was a fascinating process. As an avid movie watcher, she loved it.
Then she saw her dad with a stack of towels.
"What are those for?" Claire asked, already knowing the answer.
He gave a hesitant look. "Youknow."
"Do you think I could..."
"No, sorry. Rules are rules. Fans aren't allowed to speak to her. Not even you."
"But I work here," she rebutted.
"You're also a fan. She doesn't want to be bothered. That's why I'm personally delivering this."
Claire got up and blocked the elevator. "I've worked really hard this past week to accommodate the entire crew. I've helped arrange all of the rooms. And when Leanne showed up earlier, I didn't say a word to her."
"You're making this very hard on me."
She batted her eyes. "I'll be on my best behavior. Please?"
"Okay sweetheart," he said reluctantly, handing her the towels. "Promise me you won't ask for an autograph or bother her."
She took the towels. "I already have her autograph on the receipt she signed earlier."
With that, Claire gleefully turned around and went to the elevator. The button to go to the 5th floor was pushed at a rapid pace.
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
She knocked on the door a few times before there was an answer. The door opened and there stood her idol. The actress's hair was still wet from a recent shower.
There was awkwardness for a moment as Claire was face-to-face with her idol. Her mouth dropped a little bit and she was speechless.
"Hello," Leanne said. "Those towels must be for me."
"I... ummm... yeah... I guess they are."
Leanne smiled, "Come inside. I'll give you a tip."
"Is that allowed? I mean, do you mind?"
"I invited you, didn't I?"
"Right."
Claire entered the hotel room and placed the towels on a nearby table. Meanwhile, Leanne searched through her purse for some cash.
"Do you work here?" Leanne asked. "You're not dressed in a hotel uniform."
"I'm not officially an employee. My dad owns the place. I grew up helping with small chores or desk work."
"That makes sense. I was wondering why such a pretty girl like you was just standing around in the background all day."
Claire blushed, "I'm notthatpretty. At least not compared to you."
"Don't be so hard on yourself. I think you're very attractive."
Leanne handed Claire a fresh $20 dollar bill, which Claire tried to refuse, but the actress insisted.
"Thanks for the compliment and the tip," Claire said, accepting the cash.
"Tell me, what's a pretty girl like you doing working at her father's hotel?"
"Well, I recently graduated from college. I'm looking for a job, but in the meantime I just stay here and help my dad."
Leanne nodded. "Lovely. Parents are very important."
"So true."
"And do you live in this building like your father does?"
"Yep. Free lodging."
"Ever better. This place is gorgeous. You're a lucky little lady."
"Thanks," Claire smiled.
"What's fun to do around here? Do you just sit around all day?"
"I usually use the internet or listen to music. I'm also an avid television and movie watcher. I like watching, you know, typical stuff for girls my age."
Leanne raised an eyebrow. "Anything involving a certain celebrity who's standing right in front of you?"
"I'm ahugefan of yours," Claire gushed. "I'm sorry, I promised my dad I wouldn't mention this, but it's the truth."
"Is it?"
"Yeah. Sorry to sound like a fangirl. I know you don't want to be bothered."
"It's alright," the actress smiled. "I don't mind chatting with my hardcore fans. Especially when they're cute like you."
Claire blushed again. "Thank you. If you need anything else, please let me know. I'd literally doanythingfor you. This is like a dream come true for me."
This time, the look in Leanne's eyes sharpened as she looked at the innocent young Claire.
"Anything, huh?"
"Yep."
"You know, we've got an efficient film crew here. But we could always use extra hands. Are you interested in anything like that?"
Claire's eyes widened. "Really?"
"Yes, really."
"Sounds like a cool offer, but I literally have no experience with this sort of thing. I don't want to ruin your movie with my clumsy presence."
"Nonsense. Come back to my room tomorrow at 8 am. We'll work something out. I may have a few ideas for you."
There was a firmness in the actress's voice. 'No' was not an option. Whatever the actress wanted, she got. She wanted Claire. And it was done.
~~~~~~~~~~
That night. Claire had explained everything to her father. He was skeptical at first, wondering if Claire had been bothering the actress. But she insisted that she hadn't.
As she laid in bed that night, all Claire could think about was her idol. It was a dream come true. Never in her wildest dreams could she have ever imagined being so close to a famous celebrity.
She thought about the next meeting with Leanne and what that would entail.Helping to make an actual movie? No way. Could it be? Wow.
The whole thing made her anxious. She wished she could confide in her friends about the whole situation, but that was against the rules.
All she could do was wait and see what Leanne had in mind.
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
The next morning. Claire woke up early and fixed her appearance. She wore a little makeup and tied her hair in a ponytail. She didn't want to appear too formal, yet she didn't want to look too casual either.
At 7:55 am, she waited on the 5th floor until it was time, then she knocked.
Leanne was freshly showered, wearing a thin silk robe, hair recently dried, and her face was bare.
"I'm so glad you've made it," the actress smiled. "Come in."
Claire nervously entered the room of her idol. Butterflies were in her stomach. She tried to act casual. In her wildest fantasy, she secretly hoped to become friends with the actress.
"You know, I've been thinking a lot about you," the actress said. "I think you're a hardworking and dedicated person. And I like your attitude. Quirky people are fun to be around."
"That means a lot. I always try my best."
"I mean it," Leanne asserted. "You have a personal touch in everything you do. You make me feel like I'm a VIP."
Claire smiled, "Thanks again. Plus it's easy to do, since you're literally a very important person."
"Have you thought about my offer?"
"Definitely. I'd love to assist in any way possible."
Leanne thought for a moment. "Why don't you sit in front of the dresser mirror? Let me have a good look at you. Then we'll discuss it."
It was a firm offer and Claire was elated (although she tried her best to hide her emotions). She sat down in front of the dresser and faced the mirror. Leanne stood behind her and they looked at the mirror together.
Leanne rubbed her hands through the girl's hair and undid the ponytail.
"You have many attractive qualities," Leanne noted. "Smooth hair. Soft skin. Delicate facial features. And I like your personality too."
Claire blushed, "You're sweet."
"What's a pretty girl like you doing trapped in a hotel all day? Don't you have a date?"
"Not at the moment."
"But your father allows you to bring boyfriends over, right?" Leanne asked.
"Sure, he doesn't mind. But it's been a while since I've done that."
Leanne continued stroking the girl's hair. "Oh? And what does that mean? I'm sure you have no trouble finding boyfriends. So there must be another reason."
"It's complicated. I guess I'm still figuring things out."
Claire saw the actress smiling as they both looked in the dresser mirror. It was a sly smile which suited Leanne's beautiful face.
"I knowexactlyhow you feel at this age," the actress said.
"You do?"
Leanne picked up a hairbrush and began to brush the girl's hair.
"Sure. I'm a human being, just like everyone else. And to put it bluntly, many women question their sexuality at some point. It's nothing to be ashamed of."
Claire gave a slow nod. "It's so weird hearing you say this. It's easy to forget that celebrities are just like everyone else."
The actress bent down and brought her lips to the girl's ear.
"Our secret," Leanne whispered.
Claire smiled as they both looked in the mirror. "Our secret."
"Speaking of secrets," Leanne said, standing upright to brush the girl's hair again. "Let's discuss my movie. What do you know about it?"
"Not much. Just that it's a horror movie and the film crew added a bunch of old furniture to make this place look old and rustic."
"Is this exciting for you?"
"Oh yeah," Claire acknowledged. "I love movies."
"Have you ever seenThe Shining."
"God yeah. The'all work no play'scene is one of the greatest scenes in film history, in my humble opinion. Overall, it's a true masterpiece."
"I'm glad you think so," Leanne replied with an amused tone. "Because we're making something similar to that."
"Sounds awesome. I have no doubt it'll be great."
"I'd have to agree. Le Chifere wants to make something along the lines ofThe Shiningand Coppola'sDraculamovie. So it's basically a psychological horror film with a strong sexual undertone."
Claire nodded. "I can only reiterate that this sounds totally awesome. I've always been an admirer of Le Chifere's work."
The actress put the hairbrush down and rested her hands on the girl's shoulders. They looked in the mirror together and gazed at their reflections.
"You could be my personal assistant for the next few weeks. You would be tasked with special duties to enhance my acting performance for this role."
"I'm speechless," Claire replied, with tears nearly forming. "If you seriously want me to be your assistant, I'd love to do it. You're the best."
"I'll do anything for them, if they do anything for me. I'll financially compensate for your time, too."
Claire stood and gave her idol a hug. It was a long and tender embrace.
~~~~~~~~~~
Claire was asked to sign a non-disclosure agreement. It was straightforward and required that Claire keep everything confidential regarding her interactions with Leanne.
She had no issues signing it.
For the rest of the day, Claire got to watch as Leanne filmed a few scenes. The process was fascinating. It took a long time for the movie cameras and lighting to be set up. Each acting scene had to be done multiple times to ensure that it was perfect.
Claire's father wasn't around. He was too busy running the hotel. Plus he wasn't very interested in the filming process.
But for Claire, it was a spellbinding experience.
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
The next morning. The private meeting was set for 6:30 am on the 3rd floor of the hotel. It was the room where part of the movie was being filmed.
When Claire arrived, the door was slightly open and Leanne had been waiting.
"Welcome to our movie," Leanne smiled. "Please, close the door."
Claire entered and closed the door. She looked around and marveled at how the room had been transformed.
The two women exchanged pleasantries for the morning. It was short and simple, and there was still a slight shyness from Claire.
"Have you enjoyed watching the movie-making process?" Leanne asked.
"It's been mind boggling. I really enjoy watching the filming. And I think your acting skills are amazing. It's been a real pleasure to watch."
"Well, I think it's finally time you perform your duties as my assistant."
Claire's eyes lit up. "Anything particular in mind?"
"Yes. This is a horror movie with very erotic vibes to it. As you know, I take my acting extremely seriously. I like to get in character before the filming starts, that way, I'm far more prepared. Especially for the really important scenes."
"That makes total sense."
"In a few hours, we'll be filming some important stuff. My character sees erotic imagery in her dreams. It's the first time my character experiences this, so the scene will need to look strong and believable."
"How can I help?" Claire asked.
"I need you to help get me in the mood. Nothing graphic. But I want you to pose for me. Naked."
"Naked?"
Leanne nodded. "In the scene we'll be filming soon, my character is in a dream state and she encounters a spirit in the form of a naked woman. It's scary, yet erotic."
"I don't understand. I mean, is it really necessary formeto get naked?"
"Well, this is how I prepare for big acting scenes," Leanne said. "I like to rehearse a little bit and work things out."
Claire was confused and dumbfounded. Her facial expression was blank for a moment as she tried to collect her thoughts.
"I... umm... this is so weird."
The actress shook her head. "Please, sit down on the bed. I don't want you to feel weird. I want you to feel comfortable and relaxed."
Both women sat down on the bed together. They looked each other in the eyes and they were nearly face to face.
"Can I tell you a quick story?" Leanne asked.
"Yeah, of course. Anything."
"My road to fame wasn't easy. And remaining famous is even harder. When I was a young starlet, I had everything. Opportunities were everywhere. People adored me. I was the biggest thing on tv."
Claire listened attentively as her idol reminisced.
The actress continued, "When the show finally ended, I was at a crossroads in my career. At that point, I had already turned 19. I was known for being the high school girl on tv, and suddenly, I was too old to play those roles. I wasn't getting the same offers anymore. I was afraid my career in entertainment was already coming to an end."
There was an emotional tension between them as Leanne bared her soul.
The actress continued, "But I was determined to succeed. I hired a new manager and ordered him to find me adult oriented roles. I wanted to show the world that I was a force. I wanted to do dramas to showcase my talents as an artist. I called directors and producers numerous times. I prepared thoroughly for every audition."
Claire hung on every word as her idol spoke.
The actress continued, "My point is, I didwhateverit took to succeed. I fought for the best parts. When I got a role in a good movie, I acted my ass off. And the results speak for itself. I'm currently one of the most popular actresses in the world, regardless of age range."
"That's such an inspirational story," Claire replied, with tears slightly forming. "You're an inspiration to women everywhere. You're so talented and amazing."
"That's the work ethic you need if you want to be successful."
Claire gulped. "Do you still want me to... you know..."
"I'm not forcing you to do anything. However, I do need a dedicated assistant. If you're not up to the task, I can always find someone else. No hard feelings."
Claire took a deep breath. "I'll do it. Whatever you need for support."
"Then stand up and remove your top."
With a deep breath, Claire stood up and faced her idol, who was still sitting on the bed, waiting, watching her. Claire removed her top and stood in her bra and pants.
"My entire top?" Claire asked with a shy tone.
"Is there a problem?"
"No."
She reached back to unclasp her bra, letting it fall to the floor. It was tough putting her hands down to her side, but she managed to do it. She had always felt insecure about her small breasts. They were tiny with pointed pink nipples. Her nipples stiffened from the exposure.
"I think your tits are adorable," Leanne noted. "Don't be nervous."
"Thanks."
"Now the rest."
"Everything?" Claire asked.
Leanne raised her eyebrow again. "Unless, of course, you don't want to?"
With an even heavier deep breath, Claire bent down to remove her shoes and socks. Then her pants. Finally, her panties. Her pubic hairs hadn't been trimmed in a while, which was a little embarrassing.
Claire was completely naked from head to toe. She felt humiliated being naked in front of her idol, yet, she felt like she was serving an important purpose.
"Very pretty," Leanne said, looking the girl over. "You've got a quirky look which I find appealing."
"Thank you. I wish I could be sexy like you."
"Well, you could try. Show me something."
"Like what?"
"Anything," Leanne replied. "Remember, my character in the movie is in a dream state. And she sees a vision of a beautiful naked spirit. So, recreate something like that for me."
Claire froze for a moment. Then she swayed her bare hips in a sensual motion, which must have looked dorky, she thought. It made Leanne smile though.
"Like this?" Claire asked.
"That'll do. Turn around. Show me your butt."
Claire turned around and showed her bare backside to the actress. Then she continued to sway her hips again.
"Cute bottom," Leanne noted. "Nice movements too."
"I took belly dancing classes with a friend, but that was a few years ago. I'm a little rusty with it."
"I can tell," Leanne acknowledged. "Now, according to the script, I see the spirit in my dreams, then I follow her down the hall, then down the stairs to the floor below."
There was a seriousness in the actress's voice, as if she was expecting something to happen. Claire suddenly felt very conscious of her nakedness again.
"You mean... you want me to..."
Leanne nodded. "Rehearsals are very important to me. Don't you want me to do a good job for this movie?"
"Of course I do."
"Go out in the hallway. Then walk down the stairs. I'll follow you closely."
"Is that even legal?" Claire asked meekly.
"Haven't you paid attention to anything I've said? Success is about hard work and dedication. I'm an international celebrity because of my work ethic. And I expect my assistants to show the same level of dedication."
There was a seriousness in the actress which couldn't be denied. It was a domineering side which had never been shown to the public. Gone was Leanne's family friendly public image. Gone was her good-girl demeanor. It was a glimpse of therealLeanne.
And Claire felt powerless.
"People aren't usually awake at this hour. But we can manage."
Leanne smiled, "That's the attitude I like to hear."
With shaky hands, Claire turned to the door. She became far more self-conscious about her own nudity. Leanne stood up and opened the room door. There was a mischievous look on the actress's face, giving a nod of approval.
It was time. Claire knew exactly what needed to be done. And there was no way she was going to disappoint her idol.
Claire looked into the hallway. She looked both ways to make sure no one was there. The hall was empty. Claire tookthe big stepand entered the hallway with a bare body.
She heard the door close behind her as she walked. Leanne followed. It was a nerve-wracking experience as she strolled down the hallway naked. Her body was stiff and her fists were clenched.
"Be more relaxed," Leanne said, following the naked girl. "The female spirit character moves slowly and sensually. Remember, it's in a dream."
Claire took a deep breath and walked slower and more sensually by moving her hips with each step. All the while, she prayed that no one would see her, especially her father. It was a terrifying moment. Her heart was pounding. But at the same time, her nipples became stiff from the powerful exhibitionist feeling.
Finally, they made it to the end of the hall.Thank God.. But the worst wasn't over. Not yet. She entered the stairway and her bare feet touched the cold ground. She walked down to the 2nd floor.
She opened the door to the 2nd floor after a quick peek. The hallway on the 2nd floor was empty.Thank God, again.
Claire entered the hallway, unsure of how far to go. She simply kept on walking, naked, with her idol right behind her. It was the most awkward and unusual moment of her life.
"Let's go inside the spa," Leanne said. "You can pick up a robe there and we can talk for a moment."
After several long and slow steps, they finally made it to the small spa room on that floor. Claire opened the door and they both entered. She breathed a sigh of relief that her naked walk was finally over.
"You've been a big help for my preparation," Leanne said. "Thank you."
"You're welcome," Claire replied with a shaky voice.
Claire reached for a towel to cover her nakedness, but Leanne forcefully put her hand down on the towel, pinning it to the table. They were face to face.
"How do you feel?" Leanne asked.
"I don't know," Claire shrugged. "Vulnerable I suppose. That was so weird."
"Did you like it?"
"It was exhilarating, I guess. My heart is pounding like crazy."
"That's a good thing. It makes you feel alive, doesn't it?"
Claire nodded. "I suppose. Yes, you're right."
Leanne leaned forward and kissed the naked girl on the lips. Claire didn't resist. How could she resist her idol? It was a soft and friendly kiss.
Then Leanne reached below and touched Claire's labia. It was rubbed softly and the tip of her finger went inside, only slightly.
"You're wet," Leanne noted.
Claire blushed. "It's from that walk. It was so... I don't know how to describe it."
"Don't bother. Some pleasures can't be described."
"What happens next?"
"You're doing a wonderful job as my new assistant. But this movie shoot has more important scenes to be filmed. And I'll need your help. Your training will continue tomorrow. As for now, you can wear the towel."
Leanne released her hold on the towel and Claire grabbed it and tied it around her body. There was another mischievous look on Leanne's face. And Claire wondered what the actress meant by the word 'training.'
~~~~~~~~~~
A few hours later, a model came to the set wearing a white robe. She was young and beautiful. There were strange symbols painted on her face for the movie. When it was time to start filming, the model disrobed and stood naked without shame. Her face remained expressionless during the filming.
Leanne gave a beautiful acting performance. They did a few takes until the director was satisfied. When the scene was completed, the crew applauded Leanne and the naked model.
That night, Claire laid in bed thinking of the day's events. Walking naked down the hallway was the most bizarre and unusual thing she had ever done. But it was worth it. Her idol had lavished her with praise. And in a weird way, the whole thing felt good.
Claire slipped a hand down her panties and used two fingers to rub her clit. She continued rubbing until she reached the desired result.
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Early in the morning. On the 4th floor of the hotel, the movie producer had been waiting.
The film's producer was a tall, stern looking woman, who kept a no-nonsense expression on her face. She was also a vision of mature beauty. Her body was voluptuous and curvy in all the right places. She moved with sophistication and grace.
After a knock on the door, the producer answered to see Claire waiting.
"Pleasure to formally meet you," she said in a business-like tone.
Claire smiled, "Likewise."
The two women shook hands and Claire entered the hotel room.
They exchanged small talk. The producer was full of compliments over the gorgeous hotel and the wonderful staff. Claire was thankful to be involved with the movie and explained that she was a big fan of the producer's work.
"Has Leanne explained the nature of our private meeting?" the producer asked.
"No, not really. She was kind of vague about it."
The producer nodded. "As you know, Leanne is a very unorthodox actress. She's unbelievably gifted and she likes things done in a particular way."
"I've noticed."
"I'm sure you have. Leanne told me about your naked stint yesterday morning. That was very brave of you."
Claire blushed, "Well, it worked, didn't it?"
"You're right. Leanne gave another excellent performance and I intend to keep that going."
"You sound dedicated to this project."
"I am," she said sternly. "I'm investing millions of dollars into this film. Naturally, it's in my best interest to ensure that this movie is a success."
"Makes total sense," Claire nodded. "I think everyone is doing such an amazing job. This movie looks like it's going to be really bad-ass."
Her face remained serious. "Let's get to the point, shall we?"
"Okay."
"You've probably figured out that Leanne has unique tastes."
"Like what?"
She sharpened her gaze. "Do you really need me to explain it?"
"I think I understand," Claire replied meekly.
"Good. Now, Leanne needs your assistance for today's filming. And she's requested me to be your instructor. Do you know what a fluffer is?"
Claire looked puzzled for a moment. "Well, the joking definition of a 'fluffer' is a person who works on a porn set and keeps the people horny in-between takes? That kind of fluffer?"
"You would be correct," she said, with her face still serious. "And that is what you'll be needed for today."
"I don't think I understand."
"Leanne needs a fluffer. My understanding is that you're up to the task."
Claire froze. "A fluffer? For a horror movie?"
"For this particular movie, yes. There are a number of nude or erotic scenes and Leanne has requested the help of a fluffer. Namely, she wantsyoufor the job. Obviously you'll be paid for your duties."
It was a turning point for Claire. Her responsibilities would soon include being a fluffer to her idol. She thought quickly. Time was of the essence as the producer looked at her with a sharp expression.
"I'll do it," Claire said firmly.
"And you're positive about this?"
"Yes, I am. I hope I am. I've never done this sort of thing before. And with Leanne- wow. This is all so new to me."
The producer nodded. "Very well. If you decide to pull out, we can always find another fluffer."
"Thanks. Hopefully it won't come to that."
"Now, regarding your responsibilities, Leanne has told me that you're relatively inexperienced with women, correct?"
"That's correct."
"But you're also on the curious side, correct?"
"Yes, that's true," Claire replied with a little embarrassment.
"What is your experience level with women?"
"Mostly kissing with a former college roommate. And we liked to touch each other's breasts. That's about it."
"So you don't have any experience with another woman's vagina?" the producer bluntly asked.
"No. Just my own."
"It's a fairly easy-to-learn skill. Especially with someone with bisexual tendencies such as yourself."
Claire blushed, "That's a strange way to put it. But I'm open to learning."
"Good. Now on your knees, young lady. I'm going to give you a brief course in fluffing."
"Now?"
"Shall I find another fluffer for Leanne?"
"No, no, no. I'll do it."
Claire got down on her knees and the statuesque movie producer stood in front of her. It was an intimidating position. Especially since the producer was so commanding with such a stern face.
The producer unzipped her skirt and exposed her bare vagina completely. It was cleanly shaven. Her labia was thick and dark brown. There was a glistening wetness inside.
Claire had never seen another woman's pussy so up-close before and the sight made her instantly aroused. She was in awe of the bare pussy.
"Take a good look," the producer said, gesturing to her own area. "Clitoris, labia, opening. It's that simple. Leanne mostly enjoys clitoral stimulation."
"Me too."
"Good. You'll know exactly what to do. Why don't you give mine a touch? I'll be happy to give you feedback."
Claire reached forward and touched the clitoris with the tip of her index finger. She caressed it gently, almost intimidated to touch another woman. Especially a woman as stern as this producer was.
"That's it," the producer said. "A little harder. A little faster. Don't be scared of it. It won't bite."
Claire pressed harder and rubbed it in a circular motion.
The producer added, "You have excellent talent. Now, your tongue."
"You want me to lick it?" Claire asked, almost with a sense of excitement.
"Please do. It's what Leanne enjoys. It's my job to look after her best interests. Now, begin."
Claire stuck her tongue out and gave the clitoris a lick with the tip of her tongue. She looked upwards at the producer the entire time. While the tip of her tongue was on the clit, she noticed that the producer finally changed facial expressions and showed signs of pleasure. Claire knew she was doing something right.
Then Claire swirled her tongue around the clit, making the stern producer gasp.
"Excellent. My goodness. Leanne will be quite pleased later."
"I'm glad," Claire said, while briefly removing her tongue.
Like a good-girl, Claire put her tongue back on the clitoris.
"My goodness. Will you do me a favor and continue until I finish? I'll instruct you. I'll add a bonus to your final payment. Is that alright?"
"Mmm hmm."
Claire flicked her tongue on the clit, then she pressed her entire mouth on the pussy, causing the producer to gasp.
~~~~~~~~~~
Later that morning. Filming was set to commence on the 3rd floor again. The room was bustling as the film crew set up the lights and camera.
Leanne wore a nightgown. It was the outfit she needed for that scene. The actress spent a few moments speaking with the director about the filming. When they were done, the actress winked at Claire.
"Has the producer taught you everything you need to know?" Leanne asked.
"Everything and more."
"Are you nervous?"
"Definitely," Claire admitted. "I mean, is everyone going to see me do the fluffing? Or can we do it in another room?"
"Does it matter?"
"It's kind of humiliating for me, don't you think?"
Leanne flashed her trademark mischievous smile. It was almost as if the actress was enjoying the humiliation that Claire felt. And she made no attempt to hide it.
"Unfortunately, it has to be in this room," the actress said. "I'll be laying in bed. The camera will be focused on my face. The idea is, I'll be having a naughty dream of that naked spirit. In order to properly convey those emotions, I'll need to be fluffed."
Claire nodded. "So you want me to fluff you, in this room full of people, while the camera is rolling?"
Leanne nodded back. "Exactly."
"Okay. Gosh. Wow. That's a little embarrassing."
"Don't be embarrassed. You're on a professional movie set. Think of how many nude scenes this crew has filmed. Trust me, it's a lot."
"That's a comforting thought. But still, you know..."
Leanne thought for a moment. "You can hide underneath my blanket. I'm supposed to be sleeping in bed anyway."
"Thanks. That sounds doable."
"Just get under the blanket and fluff me until the director says cut. Do it to the best of your ability."
"Got it," Claire said with a faint sense of enthusiasm.
"Are you excited by this?"
"It's interesting," Claire said in a more passive tone.
"Be honest with me, Claire. I've always been extremely honest with you."
Claire shrugged and gave a wry smile. "I can honestly say that I'm excited. I'm enjoying the experience of being on a movie set. You're really beautiful, too."
"Are you attracted to me?"
Claire blushed. "Who isn't?"
The director came and told the crew to get ready. Filming was about to begin. He gave final instructions to everyone and he told Leanne to lay in bed.
But before Leanne laid in bed for the scene, she briefly brought her mouth to Claire's ear.
"I'm so glad this is happening," Leanne whispered. "I've wanted you to eat my pussy since the day we met."
Getting into place, the actress winked and smiled as she laid in bed. She covered her chest with the blanket and pretended to be asleep.
Claire was bewildered. In a good way. It was a surprising comment from her idol. And it only motivated her more. As the director prepared the set, Claire slipped underneath the blanket and was only able to cover the top-half of her body.
"Aaannd action!" the director yelled.
Underneath the blanket was dark. Claire had to feel her way through. Time was of the essence since the camera was filming. She tried to be as quiet and subtle as possible. She ran her hands along Leanne's legs. She pushed the nightgown up. And there it was. The exposed pussy of her idol. Leanne. The woman she worshiped.
Her hands touched Leanne's bare pussy in the darkness of the blanket. It was smoothly shaven. Probably waxed. She felt everything and touched Leanne's labia. It was soft and thin. She probed a little and felt that Leanne was wet.
Claire bent her head forward and planted kisses on the pussy.
"A little more action please," the director said, as if unimpressed. "I need facial expressions, or else this scene looks like total shit."
That was a cue for Claire to get to work. No foreplay. At least not at that current moment.Darn,she thought. Claire wanted the foreplay.
Nevertheless, she was honored to have such a special opportunity. She pressed her mouth onto Leanne's pussy and she immediately felt the actress's legs twitch (ever so slightly). Whatever she was doing, it worked. Claire pressed her mouth tightly against the labia. Her tongue lapped up and down. Up and down. She licked the labia and the insides. Occasionally, she flicked her tongue on the clit. It tasted like heaven. It was only Claire's second time tasting pussy, and to her luck, it was the pussy of a Hollywood superstar.
The actress's legs shivered a little bit. Whatever Claire did with her mouth, it worked. And it tasted lovely.
"Annnd cut!" the director yelled.
A sense of disappointment came over Claire. She wanted to taste more. Most of all, she wanted to make her idol cum.
To her big surprise, Leanne flung the blanket away. The entire film crew saw Claire with a mouth full of pussy. Claire looked bewildered and quickly moved her mouth.
"The scene is done," Leanne smiled.
Claire sat upright with fluids around her lips. "Oh... ummm... great."
"But I'm not done yet. I need to cum so bad. Take care of it for me."
With eyes darting around the room, Claire saw the amused crew members watching them, wanting to see what would happen next.
"Can we do that later? I mean, in private."
Leanne reached down and spread her labia. "Now."
A few members of the film crew began to dismantle the lights and camera. Others were standing around. Others prepared for the next shot. Claire felt incredibly self-conscious with the pussy in front of her face.
"Now?"
Leanne nodded. "I love being an exhibitionist."
After a deep breath, Claire put her head down and placed her mouth on the pussy once again. This time, the blanket wasn't there to provide cover. This time, it was out in the open, for the entire film crew to see.
She closed her eyes, scared that people were watching. Who wouldn't want to see the famous Leanne having her pussy eaten by the new assistant?
It was a scary thought for Claire. But in a strange, exhibitionist way, it was exciting. Most of all, she was happy to at least taste Leanne's magical pussy once again. She lapped her tongue obediently. Up and down strokes. Just like the actress wanted it.
"Look at me," Leanne said.
Claire opened her eyes to see the lust-filled face of her idol. Through the corner of her eyes, she also noticed a number of the film crew watching. It was humiliating, yet arousing.
"I'm almost there," Leanne moaned. "So close. Don't stop."
With a newfound intensity, Claire lapped her tongue even harder. Her goal was to please her idol. And she was willing to do it, even in front of the film crew. The goal was nearly reached as Leanne continued to moan without shame.
"Push your tongue in deeper," the actress groaned. "Oh my god..."
Claire continued to lick rapidly as Leanne held her head tight, rubbing her hair in the process. The actress moaned and moaned.
The actress groaned loudly, and suddenly, Claire's mouth was filled with orgasm as Leanne gushed. It was a hot and wet orgasm. Hot enough to cause the famous actress to shiver.
"Jeez," Leanne sighed. "The producer was a good teacher. Or maybe you're just a natural."
Claire sat upright and wiped the fluids from her lips using the back of her hand. She looked around to see the crew returning to work after some of them had just been watching. It was embarrassing, but she tried not to care.
"What can I say? I'm a people pleaser," Claire blushed.
"I know. And that's what I love about you."
The actress lowered her gown to cover her freshly satisfied pussy. She smiled, stood up, and prepared for the next scene.
~~~~~~~~~~
Later that night. Claire laid in bed reminiscing the day's events. She replayed everything in her mind with precise detail.
She imagined licking the producer's pussy again. Then she imagined giving Leanne full blown oral sex while a film crew was able to watch.
The day before, she was a lesbian virgin. But as she laid in bed that night, she was already experienced with two beautiful women. One of which was her idol.
Claire brought two fingers to her clitoris and rubbed. The feelings of tasting Leanne's pussy in front of everyone was intense. It was a powerful feeling of sexual desire, lust, and humiliation.
She rubbed and rubbed. As she continued touching herself, she wondered what Leanne had planned next. They had another private meeting scheduled for the next morning.Oh, the possibilities,she thought.
She desperately wanted to eat Leanne's pussy again. If she was lucky, maybe Leanne would return the favor. But that was a lot to hope for, given Leanne's big celebrity status. But a girl could still dream, right?
And that was the moment she came...
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Early the next morning. Claire went up to the 5th floor to see Leanne.
The actress looked fresh from a shower. Her hair was tied and her face had make-up applied, even though it was early. She wore a silk robe and was barefoot. They exchanged small talk and pleasantries for the morning. But when Leanne arched one of her eyebrows, it was time to get to the point.
"You're doing well as my new assistant," Leanne said. "I'm pleased. Not many women can fulfill the tasks."
"That's flattering to hear. Thank you."
"I should be the one thanking you. The director showed me all the footage we've filmed so far and my acting looks great. I owe it all to you."
Claire blushed, "No. I can't take credit for your talents. You're amazing in every movie you've ever been in."
"But in those movies, I often rely on a special assistant. Especially for the erotic roles. Now, I'm relying on you."
"I'm so honored. I don't know what else to say."
"Claire, I'm going to remove my robe and I want your honest opinion. Okay?"
She nodded slowly. "Okay."
The actress dropped her robe to reveal a black corset. It left her pussy exposed, along with her pert breasts and small brown nipples. There was a look of sensual confidence on her face.
Claire's jaw dropped and she was speechless.
"Well, what do you think?" Leanne asked.
"You look... really sexy. I mean, really sexy. Is this for today's shoot?"
"No. It's strictly for you."
Claire looked puzzled. "For me?"
The actress opened a nearby drawer and picked up a dildo with a strap.
"Claire, I'm going to fuck you with this."
She gulped. "Really?"
"Yes, really. I'm assuming you're not a virgin."
"No, I'm not."
"This will almost feel the same," Leanne explained. "But instead of a cock, you'll be feelingmycock, which is this dildo. I think you're going to like it."
"I was dreaming of licking you again."
Leanne laughed. "This is why I love my fans. I'll be here for the next 3 weeks. Believe me, you'll have plenty of time to lick my pussy. And my producer wants to be licked again also. You have a talented mouth. But for now, I want to ravish you."
She watched her idol wear the strap around her crotch. The dildo was pointed forward. Claire gulped. And she felt excited. Whatever was going to happen, Claire was determined to enjoy it. Her pussy felt ready. There was a tingling sensation between her legs and her nipples hardened.
"I'll do whatever you want," Claire said. "I'm here for you."
Leanne smiled, "I know you are. Now get naked."
Without any need for further instructions, Claire began to remove her clothes. She was dressed in a simple outfit. Each article of clothing was removed and dropped onto the floor.
It was exciting to get naked in front of Leanne again. It was easier. Leanne had already seen her naked. And this time, Claire didn't have to walk into the hallway. They would only remain in the privacy of the hotel room.
Once Claire was nude, she stood up straight and allowed her idol to have a good look.
"Walk over to the window," Leanne ordered.
Claire went to the hotel room window. The curtains were open. The street showed signs of life as people began heading to work for the day.
"Put your hands on the wall," Leanne said. "Bend over. But stay near the window. I get the feeling that you're a secret exhibitionist."
Claire obeyed. She bent over, put her hands on the wall, but remained near the window.
Her legs were spread and she suddenly felt Leanne's tongue going up and down her pussy. It was the first time a woman had licked her pussy. And it was Leanne.TheLeanne. The big celebrity. Her idol was actually licking her pussy!
It was several long licks. Leanne's tongue went inside the hole and swirled around. Claire wished that feeling could last forever, but of course, it wouldn't. It was only for natural lubrication. Once Claire's pussy was wet enough (and hot enough), Leanne stopped.
Then Claire felt her labia being spread and the tip of the hard sex toy being placed between her vaginal lips.
"You should be happy about this," Leanne said. "I'm making you a woman."
With that, the actress gave a push, and the sex toy entered Claire's pussy. It entered in a single thrust. Suddenly, Claire's tight hole was being stretched at the command of her idol.
"Oh god," Claire gasped. "Oh god."
The dildo was pulled back, then there was another thrust. A harder thrust.
"Look outside. Keep your eyes on the street."
Claire looked through the window as Leanne pounded harder and faster. She cried from the intense feeling in her pussy. She was also overwhelmed by the exhibitionist feeling for being claimed in front of a window. She was only 5 floors up and she was being fucked by the famous Leanne.
She cried and cried.
"That's it," Leanne said. "Imagine being watched by all those working people. Imagine them knowing that I own you. They would know that you are my submissive."
Those words sent a shiver up Claire's spine as her pussy was being stretched by the thrusting sex toy. Her toes gripped the floor and her hands pressed tightly against the wall.
Leanne used one hand to pinch Claire's delicate pink nipple, and another hand to rub Claire's aching clitoris.
It was a full-on sexual ravishment on Claire's physical and mental senses. The good kind. The orgasm-inducing kind.
"My pussy!" Claire cried. "Oh god! My pussy! It... it..."
Leanne fucked harder. She pinched Claire's pink nipple harder. And she rubbed Claire's clitoris even faster.
"Let it out, Claire. Let it out. It's okay."
It was an orgasm that Claire would never forget. A stream of fluids ran down her legs and onto the carpet. Her muscles contracted and she struggled to remain on her feet. Her mouth opened wide and her heart beat rapidly.
When the orgasm finished, Leanne stopped thrusting and pulled out.
"Turn around," Leanne said. "On your knees."
Claire used her remaining energy to obey. She got down on her knees.
"Lick me clean," Leanne said, wiggling her hips to wave the sex toy. "You've made a mess. Now clean it."
Claire started on top. She licked the sex toy, sucking on it, tasting her own vaginal fluids. Then she kissed and licked Leanne's thighs. Then her calves. Then the top of her feet.
"Stand up," Leanne said.
The actress untied the strap-on and tossed it away.
When both women were face-to-face, Leanne pulled the girl close and kissed her on the lips. They swapped the taste of Claire's orgasmic fluids in each other's mouths. It was a passionate and energetic tongue kiss.
Even though Claire was sexually spent, the kiss had brought her back to life.
"You are my submissive for the next few weeks," Leanne said. "Whatever I want, you'll do. In exchange, I promise you the best orgasms you'll ever have. Are we clear?"
Claire nodded and smiled, "I was yours since the first day we met."
They continued their embrace. Their arms wrapped around each other and they continued to kiss on the lips.
The End
Story idea by laffalot. Special thanks to Dazmine for editing.
Your votes & comments are appreciated.