Who needed sleep?
Calliope Cruz had remained awake the rest of the night. After coming off an all time high in arresting Renaldo Cartucci she waltzed right into the clutches of a new adversary. One far worse if his words rang true. Threats made, promises of reward following them. Confusing times these last five hours. Eying her alarm clock she sighs heavily and sits up in bed. Her cat Swayze curled up at the foot of her mattress.
Yawning she looks up at the blue sky through her skylight. No drone. Gabriel her new enemy had left her alone. Standing she felt the stickiness of dried cum on her enormous tits. Lifting the girls for inspection she motorboats her lips at the sight.
"Shower time. Can't be late for Roll Call. Captain's orders." Shuffling toward her bedroom door she finds her bodyguards themselves struggling to stay awake. Shawn Dooley and Billy Gorman revive as she steps between them, "Morning Occifers." She assumes her Babee Ramirez persona.
"Get any sleep after all your screaming orgasms?" Gorman frowns.
"Babee had to keep you big strong Occifers awake somehow. You like?"
"You know we did. Dammit Cruz do you know how hard it was to keep from coming back in there and fucking you silly?"
"As hard as this?" She rubs Gorman's crotch.
"Don't tempt him Cruz. You don't have time." Dooley yawns.
"Right. There's always tonight if you get to be my Knights in Shiny Armor again." She really didn't want to fuck them but she knew the walls had ears. Gabriel was listening some how. Looking for the cameras and hidden bugs would not be easy. Not to mention her choker had surveillance capabilities. There would be no hiding from her Stalker.
"I think it's best that you request female Officers if the Captain wants you watched over. Like I said earlier we're going to keep our mouths shut. Nothing happened."
""Okee. So who's showering with me?"
Dooley stops Gorman for even pondering it, "You have exactly two hours to get ready. We'll drive you to the Precinct. Get yourself a rental later."
"My poor car." She pouts, "I just paid her off."
"I'm sure Insurance will get you a sweet ride." Dooley prompts.
"Babee like sweet rides." She grins sheepishly and heads into the bathroom leaving the door wide open as she showers. Both men watched her through the steamed up glass. She went so far as crushing her soapy breasts against the glass for their lusting gaze, nipples so hard they could almost cut the glass. Calliope was a tease even when she wasn't being forced to put on an act for Gabriel. This game was going to prove difficult. Being Babee instead of Calliope could jeopardize friends and allies. Some would struggle with her attitude. Others would embrace it. Luckily everyone loved Calliope. Personality brilliant. Heart big. Body mesmerizing. Eyes that melt evil.
Ending her cleanse she dries off then perfumes up before doing her makeup. She recalled Gabriel mentioning red lipstick and located a stick in her medicine cabinet. Puckering she painted the frown red. Lips pouty she kisses at Gorman.
"Who you planning on kissing?"
She creeps up to Gorman and lifts her chin, "Not who...what."
His dick immediately grew stiff, "God I wanna be your bodyguard for the next year. Put in a word with Bettinger?"
"Will do Billy Goat Gruff." She reaches up and tweaks his chin.
Moving past him she returns to her bedroom slipping on a hot pink thong and bra set before putting on her uniform. Not as glamourous as her social attire but it still clung to her curves perfectly. Badge pinned on her buttoned up blues she finished her wardrobe with comfy walking shoes.
"Ready when you two are." She heads for her purse and holster containing a Glock. Cell pocketed she opened up her front door.
Dooley led the way downstairs and out to their awaiting Patrol Car. A quick inspection of it they felt safe enough to depart. Calliope rode in the backseat. Feeling like a criminal she sulked and pondered on who Gabriel might truly be. What was his capabilities? Was he as ruthless as he led on to possibly be? Would he really kill someone just to demand her obedience? Not many clues to go on outside of her choker. Touching it she wondered if her Captain would make her remove it. It wasn't exactly Police issue and rather conflicted with her professional appearance in public. Of course she might be changing clothes later anyway. If what Gabriel said about her becoming Detective today rang true. She had worked hard for this day. She deserved it. Hopefully this Gabriel wouldn't strip her of it just as swiftly.
The drive took them fifteen minutes, arriving at the Precinct as the morning shift filtered in like zombies. Opening the back door for Calliope Gorman watched her step out and walk past him as if they had never had their earlier exploits. She was suddenly drawn back to reality. There were too many eyes on her to play Babee until later. For now she just followed the others inside. It was there she discovered her partner Burgundy Jones sipping coffee and listening to other Cops banter about the arrest of Renaldo Cartucci. There were some not so innocent comments made concerning their tactics undercover. This led Burgundy to roll her eyes and take notice of Calliope walking toward her. Silence suddenly took away the oxygen. It was in that moment that hands began clapping. Both women stopped to flare their eyes at the unexpected reception.
"Are they actually applauding our efforts?" Burgundy peaked her left brow.
Calliope reaching her took a healthy inhale before grinning, "I think so." It was then she felt the need to adopt Babee once again. Clutching her heart she becomes bubbly and displayed shock with a shy grin, "Babee is here. I do not have the clap." A sudden pout made everyone chuckle, female Officer's shaking their heads at her behavior. Not one of them thought the worse of her however.
"Wait a minute." Burgundy points at her admirers, "A second ago you were whispering how you didn't like the way we took Cartucci down. Now you're hailing her as a hero?"
"You too Jones. Same goes for Santos...if he ever gets here." offers Officer Roy Fitz.
"Now that's more like it." Burgundy puckers her lower lip feeling ego arise, "We saved lives."
"One more scratch on the bed post." Officer Troy Daniels belted out for a laughter response.
Calliope bounces up and down on her toes jiggling her breasts, "I have ten nails I love scratching bed posts."
"You would. Calm it down Puss in Boots." Captain Bettinger arrived behind them, "Let's get inside the debriefing room people. We can all pat them down later. I mean pat them on the back."
Fitz coughs into his hands vocalizing an addition to Bettinger's reply, "Sides." Meaning Back sides. Everyone caught on quickly and filed into the room chuckling. Before following Donald Bettinger stops Calliope and Burgundy.
"Hang back a moment. Are you alright Calliope? You had me scared after your car blew up."
"WHAT?" Burgundy bulges her eyes, "Your car got bombed? Why didn't I get a call?"
"Now you know. You both had a rough evening as long as nobody got hurt I let you sleep. I had a patrol car watching your home too Jones. Just in case."
"Are we being targeted for Cartucci?"
"A definite possibility. I'm not sure how he managed to get word out to put the fear of God in you Cruz. We're looking into it. So far his one phone call was an Attorney. Nothing too incriminating outside of name calling and get me out of here ten times during the conversation. He's getting his sit down meet between his Lawyer and our defense team. I'll keep you ladies posted."
"Can I scratch that posted too?" Babee winks playfully.
"As cute as that is Cruz I need you to keep it clean today of all days. Commissioner Meade is on her way here now to congratulate you two in person."
"Mercy Meade?" Burgundy groans, "That woman hates me."
"Not me." Calliope grins, "I see how she looks me over. She likes Babee."
"What's with the choker?" Bettinger notices.
Calliope touches the cameo then whispers, "Can I explain after the Roll Call?"
"Right. Looks good just inappropriate. Might wanna take it off before Meade gets here."
"Nooooo! Babee likes it." She pouts stomping her foot.
"Fine. If she busts my balls over it I'll...turn you over my knee."
"Promises, promises." Babee giggles and wiggles past him sticking her tongue out. Burgundy winces for her friends behavior then follows Bettinger's motion to lead the way. All entered the room and closed the door.
As soon as Calliope and Burgundy take their seats the other Officers stood up and began applauding. Calliope's eyes bulged wide and her thoughts immediately turned to, "This is really happening. Gabriel was right."
Allowing everyone to continue their praise of her Captain Bettinger approaches Sargent Martin Bydweider who daily ran roll call. Finally Bettinger raises his arms as a show to calm down.
"Everyone take their seats. Don't give the girls big heads."
Calliope immediately jumped up belting out, "I LOVE BIG HEADS." in her Babee Ramirez voice. The room chuckled until she slapped herself on the forehead. Burgundy yanked her back into her seat whispering her concern over being too sexually verbal. Calliope merely stuck her tongue out at her partner. There would be no changing Calliope.
Everyone knew she was a righteous cop and merely enjoyed her bubbly goofball self. It was a change against the stress of their daily routines.
"Okay calm it down. Don't make me change my mind about this Cruz." Bettinger shook his head smirking.
"About whaaaaaaaaaaat?" She plays coy teasing her tight raven curls with a finger from her right hand.
As Bettinger pointed at her the door opened and in raced Luis Santos holding the door open for the Commissioner. In walked a greying brunette woman carrying herself with grace and dedication. The room quickly fell silent to contain their misbehavior.
Mercedes "Mercy" Meade was a no nonsense law abiding Leader. Respect was evident.
"Morning Commissioner." Bettinger greeted the woman ushering her to join he and the Sargent at the head of the room.
"Donald. Martin." She faintly smiles before turning to the audience of Officers, "Good morning Everyone. Especially you Officer's Cruz and Jones." Luis clears his throat loudly from the back of the room, "I haven't forgotten you Mister Santos. Leave your frog at the door." Luis immediately stood up straight grinning like a shark. He needed the recognition.
"Congratulations are in order even if our job is just getting started. As you all know our Undercover unit carried out a stellar job of rescuing sixteen young ladies from a ruthless conman known as Renaldo Cartucci. With their assist the young women are back safely at home. The FBI will take things from here." Mercy takes a deep stern breath, "Some of you may not know this but Officer Cruz was met with misfortune last night. Her car was bombed. We are investigating further to see if any ties lead to Cartucci. For now we carry on with his case and lock that man away for a good long time. Should he be tied to her assault things only get harder on him. We are sorry that your vehicle is lost to you Ms. Cruz. At least you yourself are safe. For the next few days we will keep your home under careful surveillance in case the bomber strikes at you again. As goes the same for Ms. Jones and Mr. Santos. On a better note the Department has decided to show its appreciation. Would the three of you please join us at the dais?"
Luis bolts past everyone and reaches the row where Calliope and Burgundy were just standing up. He stopped swiftly and motioned gallantly for the ladies to exit and take the lead. They rolled their eyes at his excitement.
"Don't pee your pants Santos." Burgundy creased her brow.
"Too late. Don't tell anyone." He chuckles.
"Gee Whizzzzzzzzzzz!" Calliope giggles and pinches his chin. He grimaces in discomfort. He really did need to urinate.
Filing forward the three line up beside Bettinger and Bydweider. Martin himself forced to be mocked daily by being secretly called Bedwetter. The jest would last until he retired.
"It is safe to say that all three of you have shown an exemplary arrest record over the last few years." Meade continues, "Your continued dedication to this Crimes Unit is well noted. It is high time that your efforts be rewarded. Captain Bettinger? If you will do the honors?"
Donald Bettinger steps up and faces his Officers, "Is there anyone here that disagrees with promoting these three to Detective?"
Jaws drop among the three standing in honor, "Oh My God!" Burgundy shrieks grabbing Calliope by the arm. Luis in turn clenches a fist without thinking of their response to it. Calliope? She bats her eyes, "I'm soooo ready for you Donny."
"That will be enough Cruz. We can easily change our minds."
"Sowwy. Babee so happy."
Meade poises a brow at her behavior, "We all know you're no airhead Officer...I mean Detective Cruz. You can cut the schoolgirl act."
"ACTUALLY SHE CAN'T COMMISSIONER." erupts a voice linking over the speakers of the room. All eyes suddenly search for the voice.
"Donald?" Meade winces with concern.
"This isn't us Mercy." He turns opting to question the voice, "Who is this? Why and how are you talking over our P.A.?"
"I CAN DO ANYTHING I PLEASE CAPTAIN. YOU MAY CALL ME GABRIEL. PLEASE PROCEED IN GIVING THE DETECTIVES THEIR NEW BADGES."
"Gabriel? Do we have a Gabriel on the force?" He looks at Sargent Bydweider.
"Not that I'm aware of."
"OH I"M NOT ON THE FORCE CAPTAIN. AS A MATTER OF FACT I AM NOW YOUR GREATEST ADVERSARY."
"Adversary? What is it you want Gabriel?" Bettinger raises his cell motioning an Officer to leave the room and trace the caller.
"IT ALL CAPTAIN. THE THRILL OF GETTING AWAY WITH WHATEVER I CHOOSE TO DO. THE GAME OF SEEING JUST HOW GOOD YOUR NEW DETECTIVES CAN BE. CAN THEY APPREHEND ME? ARREST ME? I DARE THEM TO TRY."
"I don't believe jacking a P.A. warrants and arrest. Unless of course you plan on committing some felonies."
"MOST DEFINITELY. TRACK MY CALLS ALL YOU LIKE I AM AWARE THAT YOUR PEOPLE ARE ALREADY MAKING THE ATTEMPT."
Meade enters the conversation, "What crimes have you committed Gabriel?"
"FAR TOO MANY TO REVEAL AT THE TIME. IS THAT NOT CORRECT BABEE?"
Eyes trail toward Calliope as she grits her teeth, "Mister Gabey blew up my car."
"What?" Bettinger grew grim, "You're just now telling me that you knew of this Gabriel?"
"DON'T BLAME THE BABEE. I FORCED HER TO REMAIN SILENT. SHE KNOWS WHAT I AM CAPABLE OF. ALLOW ME TO SHOW YOU. PRODUCE THE DVD BABEE."
"Okee." She digs beneath her shirt to remove the disc from her bra where she had hidden it when Dooley and Gorman were not looking. Handing it to Bydweider the Sargent moved to a projector and DVD player. Turning it on a wall the video from last night repeated itself. Calliope was forced to observe her Mother's stalking all over again. Gasps filtered the room at seeing the red penlight on her Mother primed for a kill shot, "That's my Mommy."
"Dear God." Bettinger mumbles looking to Meade for a sneer.
"This could be some hoax."
"ALLOW ME TO PROVE YOU WRONG COMMISSIONER."
Her cellphone vibrates in her pocket. Stunned by its suddenness she reaches for it opening up a text with a short video. Hesitant she hides it from prying eyes before playing it. It was simple enough as images of her lover Delores gardening at their home found a similar red dot on her forehead. Behind her a flower pot explodes spooking Delores.
"MISSED HER BY THAT MUCH. IF I CAN GET TO HER I CAN GET TO ANYONE. TELL ME COMMISSIONER...DO I STILL FEEL LIKE A HOAX?"
At a loss of words Mercedes Meade steels herself, "I will not comply with Terrorist demands."
"THAT CHANGES IMMEDIATELY. WHILE I WILL ALLOW YOUR MATE TO LIVE AWHILE LONGER I CAN STILL GET YOUR ATTENTION."
A loud explosion outside the Precinct shacks the entire building. Officer's cringe and look about in fear and uncertainty.
"Find out what that was." Bettinger barks nervously.
Luis darts past his fellow Officers and heads outside to see fire and brimstone in the form of metal and tires. From a safe distance citizens in the area onlook in horror. Fellow Officers from the early shift are joined by Paramedics and Firefighters within minutes. Absorbing enough Luis Santos races back in with a report.
"He blew up a Food Truck. It was Paco's Tacos. Paco...is gone."
"Don't do this Gabey." Calliope calls out, "I'll do what you want of me. Just don't hurt anyone else."
"Cruz?" Bettinger narrows his eyes, "Why do you feel he's centering his attention on you?"
"BECAUSE I AM. GET REAL BETTINGER. YES I KNOW YOUR NAME. I KNOW EVERYONE'S NAME. THEIR ENTIRE LIFE IS AT MY DISPOSAL. LET'S GET BACK TO BABEE. TAKE A LOOK AT THE VIDEO STILL PLAYING."
All eyes return to the video as the pause begins playing once more. Bydweider having paused it during the disturbance. The video steps into the scene at Cartucci's warehouse. Where he physically rapes Calliope at knife point. Her voice as clear as day. Seeing her completely nude made her shrink as Burgundy consoles her with an arm around hers. A closeup shot of Calliope's vagina as Cartucci ate her out brought on murmurs in the audience. Calliope should be embarrassed but she wasn't. She merely took a deep breath and antes up, "I never looked better Mister G."
"AHHH! THAT'S THE SPIRIT BABEE. ISN'T BABEE BEAUTIFUL?"
The audience fears commenting and grows silent.
"I REPEAT...ISN'T SHE BEAUTIFUL?"
Everyone then opted to say "Yes." and nod amongst themselves. Calliope feigned a shyness and flaunted a hand as if to say, "Don't make me blush." She was merely playing along.
"I BET EVERY GUY IN THAT ROOM HAS FANTASIZED ABOUT BABEE. HAVEN"T YOU? MAYBE EVEN THE LADIES."
The men swallow dryly and nod. The women turn pale and share stares amongst themselves.
"HAVEN'T YOU? GET WITH THE REALITY PEOPLE."
Male Officers suddenly blurted out their inner most feelings on Calliope Cruz. Remarks such as, "I'd fuck her." "Sweetest ass in town." "Wish I could see those juicy titties." The comments continued as Bettinger covered his eyes with shame.
"Enough." Donald belts out.
"NOT NEARLY ENOUGH CAPTAIN. MY MOTIVES WILL COME IN TIME. FOR NOW KNOW THIS...CALLIOPE CRUZ WILL ADOPT THE PERSONA OF BABEE RAMIREZ 24/7 AND DO HER JOB AS ANY GOOD DETECTIVE WOULD DO...OR I BLOW THINGS UP. PEOPLE WILL DIE. AM I UNDERSTOOD COMMISSIONER? CALL IN YOUR F.B.I. YOUR A.T.F. EVEN YOUR C.I.A. I'M PREPARED TO SHAKE THEM ALL TO THEIR FOUNDATIONS."
"Why Calliope?" Donald questions.
"BECAUSE PERFECTION SHOULD BE SHOWN OFF."
Turning quietly to Mercy Meade, Bettinger whispers, "We need time. Do we allow her to do this to save lives?"
"I repeat we do not barter with Terrorists. You should know better."
Calliope feels her choker throb on her throat. Swallowing she pulls away from Burgundy's arm and begins to unbutton her uniform shirt. Tie removed and tossed playfully at Luis. Hearing gasps Bettinger turns to witness Calliope stripping. Her bra bulging her cleavage for all to see.
"DID I MENTION THAT SHE PERFORMS HER DUTIES IN THE NUDE?"
"What?" Bettinger huffs, "Impossible. That would mean she herself would be breaking any number of laws. There are children out there in the world who need not be traumatized by nudity. That would create scandal and riots in the street."
"LET ME SEE...HMMM! FLORIST ON PALMYRA OR CONSTRUCTION WORKERS ON THE TURNPIKE? OR MAYBE THE ACCOUNTANT AT CORONADO PLAZA. WHO GOES BOOM FIRST?"
"GABEY! STOP! I'LL TAKE MY CHANCES. DONNY? I CAN'T LET PEOPLE DIE." She pouts as her shirt escapes her arms. Officers in front of her stir nervously. Some rubbing their chins, others hiding a secret arousal.
An Officer from Dispatch ducks into the room motioning for Bettinger. Joining the woman he hears of a detonation at a Floral Shop. Two women dead. His heart sank as he returns to Meade offering the information. Meade closed her eyes and pinched the bridge of her nose.
"Babee take pants off now." She wiggles in step turning her back to the Officer congregation. Unzipping her slacks she guides her pants down over her succulent ass. Her thong hiding deep within her tight recesses. Bending over they were given a peek at her clam behind the hot pink slingshot. At her feet she realized her shoes were still on. Staggering to untie them she hears more comments, "Sweet Jesus.", "Look at that tight ass.", "Forgive me Father for I have sinned." There was no end until Bettinger lost it.
"RESPECT HER YOU BASTARDS."
All fell quiet as Babee removes her shoes then her slacks. Once free she turns with a hop throwing her hands in the air, "BABEE FREEEEE!"
Meade shakes her head and growls, "Gabriel? You know I don't have the authority to let this continue. This becomes a Federal case now that you've taken innocent lives."
"GET YOUR APPROVAL. REGARDLESS WHETHER YOU CAN AUTHORIZE THIS IT WILL HAPPEN. HER NEW LIFE BEGINS NOW. MY REASONS WILL BE OFFERED AT A LATER DATE."
"Gabey?"
"YES BABEE?"
"Please don't make me go nekkie in front of children. It would make Babee miserable."
"DO YOU TRULY BELIEVE YOU CAN PERSUADE ME TO YOUR OWN DEMANDS?"
She shyly grins, "Maaaaaybe."
"BRA AND PANTIES IN THE FIELD. STILETTO HEELS LIKE YOU WORE FOR CARTUCCI. WHEN I ORDER THE UNDERWEAR OFF YOU WILL COMPLY. LIVES ARE IN YOUR HANDS."
"Thank you Gabey. Anything for you Mister G."
Burgundy Jones creases her brow at her partner. Luis wipes his chin.
"LOOK AROUND YOU BABEE. EVEN UTILIZING YOUR CAMERAS I CAN TELL HOW MUCH YOUR FELLOW OFFICERS WANT YOU."
"They doooo?" She brightens her eyes vibrantly while posing with an index finger beside the corner of her lips.
"PROVE YOUR LOYALTY BABEE. LOSE THE BRA AND PANTIES."
Luis spins in a circle hearing this and bites his knuckle. It was unprofessional but even the other Officers were drooling at the command. With a glance at Bettinger and Meade she holds her wrists behind her back. Teetering on her toes she awaits their blessing. With a dreaded sigh Meade motions her approval. Bettinger lowers his eyes at failing this woman.
"HERE GOES MISTER G."
She reaches behind her back and unclasps her bra. Erotically she dances with her cups barely clinging to her massive 40G's. Turning her back to them she leers over her right shoulder and blows a succulent kiss at the Officers. They ate it up. It was obvious the men had erections and the women were eying their behavior. Even they took interest in the tented slacks all about them.
Removing her bra Calliope dangles it with pinched fingers beside her before dropping it to the floor. Cupping her breaths with her palms she twirls in step shaking them about for a hint of their thoughts.
"Fucking "A" Cruz." came one Officer. "Shake those monsters Babee." addressed Another.
"Shakey shakey Earth Quakey." She giggles before turbulently tossing them about. In a swift dance she turns her back and releases her burdens. The Audience could see her willfully making her breaths shiver on their own. A few moments later she rolls her hands down her belly and down both legs to touch her ankles. Whistles erupted.
Bettinger in the chaos pulled Bydweider aside, "Inform the other Agencies that we may need an assist. This cannot go on." Bydweider rushes away.
"Donald? If we let her go outside our jobs will be over." Meade whispers.
"Better ideas? I'm open to them."
She exhales loudly and shrugs, "None. Christ Bettinger. There goes our retirement pension."
He hoped not. Turning to face Calliope he notes Burgundy weeping for her friend. He felt the same but kept his emotions closer to home.
Rolling her palms back up her legs Calliope slips fingers under her thong straps. Wiggling her bottom she slowly guides them down over her ass cheeks. The thin bands escaping her crack to reveal her juicy pussy from its compressed arena. The second her labia appeared and her perfect tiny little anal cavity exposed the Officers all cheered. Even if Bettinger was pointing at them to behave. None of them listened. Calliope Cruz at one time or another had been stripped naked and seduced by each and every male mind in the room. She sensed it long ago. She embraced it. Often antagonized their hormonal states. Knowing they were going home to either make love to their girls or jerking off in their patrol cars. Calliope Cruz was Pornstar quality. Luis said it. Gabriel said it.
Beguiling the audience she finally turns and poses for them. Hearing, "God I love your nipples." To "She shaves her snatch." or "I'd love to chow down on that pussy." Even further with, "Bend that tease over and show her who's Boss."
Bettinger took charge once more, "Satisfied now Gabriel? Destroying this poor girl's self respect."
"HAVE I DESTROYED YOU BABEE?"
"Not yet Mister G. It takes a lot to scare Babee."
"LISTEN TO YOUR ADMIRERS. IF I ORDERED IT THEY WOULD EAT YOU ALIVE."
"I can use my panties as a napkin."
"HOW THOUGHTFUL."
Beside her fawning posture Commissioner Meade receives a phone call. Looking at Bettinger she frowns, "It's the Mayor."
"Everyone calm down. The Mayor is on the phone." Bettinger uses his arms to lower their rants. As things grow silent Meade takes the call.
"Mr. Mayor. Yes I am quite aware of the bombings. We...have a...delicate situation. I'm afraid we need to speak in person. Yes I'll be right over." Ending the call Meade nods at Bettinger, "Keep him on the line. Find this asshole."
"I HEARD THAT. GO AHEAD COMMISSIONER. SPEAK TO THE MAYOR. THEN, THE GOVERNOR. EVEN THE WHITE HOUSE. IN THE MEANTIME MY DEMANDS WILL BE MET. BABEE WILL CONTINUE ON HER NEW JOB AS I HAVE INSTRUCTED. REMOVE HER FROM THAT JOB AND I TAKE IT PERSONAL. SHE DESERVES TO BE A DETECTIVE. I CHALLENGE HER TO FIND ME. EXPOSE ME. SEE ME BEHIND BARS. DETECTIVE CRUZ HAS EXACTLY ONE YEAR TO DISCOVER MY IDENTITY. IF NOT...THERE IS A LIST."
Meade shakes her head. A migraine was making its way to her temples. Taking her leave Bettinger puffs his cheeks, "It's just you and me Gabriel. What now?"
"OH NO CAPTAIN. IT IS NOT MERELY YOU AND I. I DO NOT BELIEVE ROLL CALL HAS BEEN TAKEN. YOUR SARGENT MISSING I BELIEVE BABEE SHOULD TAKE ROLL."
"I love name calling." Babee giggles.
"DO IT WHILE LAYING ON THAT DESK BESIDE THE DAIS. LEGS WIDE FACING THE OFFICERS."
Calliope shuffles over to the desk and looks at Bettinger, "Help me up Donny."
Groaning he steps in front of her and allows her to put her arms around his neck. Her burgeoning chest crushing against his. Her eyes melting into his soul. He grips her carefully around the waist and hoists her to sit on the desk. Sitting there she puckers a blown kiss toward him with a wink. He stared with stress.
"I'm sorry Calliope."
"Above and beyond Donny. To protect and to serve. Just don't hate Babee."
"Never Calliope. You're a brave woman."
"We'll see just how brave Babee is..." She whimpers slightly. Handing her a clipboard with the roster of Officers on it she lays back. Legs spread they could witness her labia breath. A thin dark hole opening and closing. Babee was moist. There was no denying that this whole ordeal was making her wet.
"ONE LAST THING BEFORE YOU BEGIN."
"Yes Mister G?"
"JUST SO THAT EVERY OFFICER HERE FEELS YOUR ANXIETY. EACH NAME YOU CALL WILL APPROACH YOU AND FULFILL THEIR FANTASY. DOESN'T THAT SOUND DELIGHTFUL BABEE?"
Her eyes bulge tilting to look at Burgundy first, then Luis, finally Bettinger. All saw her concern. Sighing loudly Calliope just called out a name, "Anderson."
"Here." Dean Anderson a thin short man stepped up to the plate. Standing between her legs he dreads touching her. Shying away he starts to return to his seat.
"HOW IS YOUR BROTHER OUT IN ARIZONA?"
Anderson freezes in step and turns back toward Calliope. Palming her knees he stares down into her eyes, "Forgive me Calliope."
"Babee. My name is Babee."
"Right." Scared shitless Anderson eyes Bettinger who shakes his head waving him on helplessly. Anderson lowered his face into Calliope's pussy and merely kissed her clit. Easing away he feels her shiver.
"DAVID IS ON THE GOLF COURSE TODAY. MAYBE I SHOULD PLAY EIGHTEEN HOLES WITH HIM SOMEDAY. OF COURSE I"M NOT THAT GOOD AT GOLF."
In a terrified maneuver Officer Dean Anderson buries his face in Calliope's damp sweetness. She arches her back as his teeth tug at her labia. His tongue digging deep inside her hole. Greedy suddenly he motor boats between her thighs noisily. Calliope nearly dropped her clipboard.
"NEXT." Gabriel interrupts him. Anderson lifts away and wipes his mouth on his sleeve. Blazing red he steps away. Sadly, his fellow Officers gave him a thumbs up.
"BURROUGHS." Calliope pants loudly.
Gary Burroughs was a young Officer right out of the Academy. Young and full of ego. Strolling over to her he sprawls across her and kisses her throat near the choker. Her scent driving him to kiss her shoulders then merging between her breasts. Clipboard aside she crushes her tits around his cheeks. Steamy minutes of licking her nipples led to an intervention.
"SO FAR THESE FANTASIES ARE PATHETIC."
"They're just nervous Gabey. I think they're doing just fine." Calliope defends then fanning herself after Burroughs pulls away.
"CONWAY."
Gordan Conway had been on the force for seven years now. Unbeknownst to his fellow Officers he took bribes off the street. His greed personal he aimed to show off. Stepping closer he unzips his pants and digs in to pull out a healthy seven inch cock. The girth thick. His crown bulbous.
"This is my fantasy Cruz. Spread those pussy lips and invite me in."
"MUCH BETTER. WELL DONE OFFICER CONWAY." Gabriel praises him.
Clipboard set aside once more Calliope whimpers as she reaches around her monster tits to pry her labia wide. Conway whistled at her opened tunnel.
"Damn that's hot Cruz."
"Babee. Stick it in Babee." She dreaded his actually doing it. With no condom there were so many risks. As his crown toys for fitness she arches her back and opens her mouth with a tender moan, "SHIT!"
"Ohhh you like that snug feeling don't you Babee?"
"Yes." She wheezes in her childlike voice.
He pushes deeper and forces himself in balls deep. Her legs curling about his hips. Fighting tears Calliope ushers, "Officer Gary has a big cock."
"That's right. Officer Gary does."
"That's enough Conway." Bettinger felt defensive.
"NOT YET CAPTAIN. DOES BABEE WANT HIM TO STOP?"
"Nooooooooo! Babee wants Officer Gary to fuck Babee."
"Hell yeah. Take it Cruz." He thrusts in and out ten times as she yelps each time her G spot gets terrorized.
"I HAVE A QUESTION OFFICER CONWAY? I NOTICE LARGE SUMS OF MONEY IN VARIOUS ACCOUNTS ACROSS MIAMI. DO YOU HAVE THREE MORE FULLTIME JOBS?"
Conway shrivels up in girth. Easing out with his eyes trembling he looks at Bettinger, "Cap? He's lying."
"Pull away from Calliope and take your seat. We'll discuss this later."
"Bye Officer Gary. Babee will miss you."
"CONTINUE THE ROLL."
"This will take forever Mister G."
"THEN PERHAPS YOU SHOULD READ MORE THAN ONE NAME AT A TIME."
"Yikesy." Calliope needed to think before talking. Looking at the clipboard she calls out, "EDWARDS? HARRIS? JACKSON?"
Two men and a woman hesitate before rising. All fearful of the number game. Donna Edwards was a short meek Officer in her 20's. Mick Harris a 40 something looker. Derrick Jackson a handsome black man with a muscular physique.
Approaching her she tosses her clipboard away, "LANNING. MANCHESTER. MURDOCK. MENDOZA."
"AHHH! IMPRESSIVE BABEE."
"Speeding up the process Mister G. I'll write them speeding tickets afterwards."
Heath Lanning. Glenda Manchester. Devin Murdock. Alonzo Mendoza join the other Officers. None as brave as Conway they merely caress Calliope from head to toe. Suddenly, Donna Edwards finds herself drawn to Calliope's pussy. Easing down she feeds on the newly christened Detective. Babee shivered as she was joined by Heath Lanning and Alonzo Mendoza. Both men sucking her nipples. Resistance was waning fast. Bettinger found his entire force shameful. He would give them a stern talking to when he had the time.
Jackson found her toes and began sucking on them. Ticklish Babee began giggling. Harris watched and ran his fingers through her hair tenderly. Finally he placed fingers up to her lips and she smiled. Drawing them in she sucks on his fingertips warmly. Her eyes alluring as all get out.
"Dammit Cruz. Don't make me do this." Harris whispers. Pulling his fingers away he unzips his slacks and lifts away a six inch sharpshooter. Standing closer to her head he pats her cheek with his crown. Her eyes bulging as he turns his girth upon her pouty lips she caves. Opening her mouth she licks his foreskin and swirls her tongue around his mushroom shaped crown. He couldn't resist. Forcing it down her throat she let him fuck her face. Bettinger threw up in a waste can at the sight. Burgundy bawled and lost her mind.
"STOP THIS GABRIEL." Burgundy pleaded for her friend.
"RESUME THE ROLL CALL FOR BABEE."
"What?"
"YOU HAVE TWO MINUTES TO STRIP YOUR UNIFORM OFF OFFICER JONES. RATHER DETECTIVE JONES."
"What?"
"BLAME YOURSELF FOR INTERFERING. AUNT TULULA IS ON HER JOB AT THE DMV. A SHAME IF HER STUDENT DRIVER SHOULD LOSE CONTROL OF THE CAR AND COLLIDE WITH A CITY BUS. THE VEHICLE IS NEW ENOUGH THAT I CAN TAKE CONTROL OVER IT."
"You wouldn't."
"ONE MINUTE FORTY SEVEN SECONDS DETECTIVE JONES."
"Fuck you." Burgundy races to strip her clothing off. Wearing a black bra and panties she swiftly strips them off hiding her nudity behind well placed hands.
"DETECTIVE SANTOS? BEND OFFICER JONES OVER AND FUCK HER FROM BEHIND. YOU HAVE THIRTY SECONDS TO COMPLY."
"Sorry Jones." Luis drops his pants and boxers and nudges her over. Gripping her lovely brown shoulder with one hand while poising his seven inch pecker up to her pussy. A disturbing grunt he enters deep. Her nails find his leg stabbing him and drawing vengeance.
"You son of a bitch. LUIS? Stop."
"I can't Burgundy. I won't let your Auntie or her driver die. Or anyone on the bus."
Burgundy Jones grit her teeth and leered toward the Captain. Bettinger for once in his life was lost as to what to do. This Gabriel was targeting family of good people. Was he supposed to ignore that? Rolling his eyes he plants both palms in his scalp and paces in circles. What else could he do. His people were insane. Everyone trying to be the hero by following Gabriel's vicious thirst for a power Bettinger had no clue even was.
Burgundy felt Luis grip her long raven mane of hair and tug her head back. Snapping at the Hispanic rogue she barks, "You don't have to get that into it Asshole." A slap to her tight black ass made her even more pissed off. He had a swollen eye awaiting him.
Gripping the desk Calliope lay on Burgundy felt her hand being held suddenly. Looking up she weeps noting Calliope trying to give her strength. In her gesture Burgundy resorted to moaning. Her 36C's bobbing about beneath her sloped over posture. Her thoughts were hatred one minute, inner praise for the talented Luis. She would never admit his pleasing her in such a way.
Officer Harris held Calliope by the top of her curls with his left hand, her chin in his right. Her face beet red and breathless as he relentlessly thrust down her throat. His balls slapping her cheek with each insertion. Below him she still felt lips around both areolas and a tongue on her clit. Fingers inching in and out of her pussy. A thumb taunting her anal port. Calliope Cruz was going to cum very soon. Her body quaking under their attentions. Finally Harris nuts in her mouth and pulls out letting her catch her breath. Opening her mouth wide she reveals a milkshake mistake. Coughing at his downpour she cries out, "BABEE WANT MORE!"
Bettinger hearing her scream ducked for the waste basket yet again vomiting at her torture.
"I SAID RESUME BABEE'S ROLL CALL JONES."
Haunted by her own brewing orgasm Burgundy looks around her. Without consulting the clipboard she blurts out, "Petrovich. Wagner. Owens."
All men they filed up to join the swarm over Calliope. Owens nudges Harris out of the way and grabs Calliope's wrist dragging her hand over to his dangling five inch. Making her stroke his cock while gurgling a froth of cum from her lips. Babee begins yelping as her body spasms. Donna Edwards was making Calliope curl her toes and tighten her abdomen. In a mad long overdue gusher Calliope squirts all over Donna's face. It was amazing as Donna laughed in awe.
"That was awesome Cruz."
"Babee give Donna swimming lessons."
"That you do Sweetheart. Anytime you wanna dog paddle let me know." Vacating her spot Curt Petrovich moved in. He lowers his pants and slaps his seven iron on her clit. Each time Babee called out, "Ouchie."
"Sorry about this Cruz. I can't help myself. This pussy is too tempting to never get this opportunity again."
"Detective Pornstar might surprise Officer Petrovich." She spits up cum without trying to keep it in. It spattered over her chest making the two Officers devouring her nipples step back. Looking at what Harris left over they unzip their flies and begin jerking off over her tits. In her hand Owens spits up quickly. He removes her fingers and gets closer to finish a peppering to her face. She held her mouth wide to capture his droplets. Mixing his with that of Harris.
Petrovich hammered her thighs hard making Calliope writhe about on the desk. Only other Officers pinned her down to enjoy their own efforts. After another roll call from a flailing Burgundy the swarm grew into a circle jerk. Guys were coating Calliope from head to toe. All laughing at her reference to Detective Pornstar. She most certainly was.
As the final group of women chose to merely kiss on her strategically Burgundy screams aloud, "GODDAMIT SANTOS. FUCK THAT PUSSY." She was rubbing her own clit in a frenzy, ready to cum on his cock. Hearing him growl she knew he was nearing his own eruption. Shaking like a leaf Burgundy rolls her eyes back and has to be caught by fellow Officers saving her from falling. Her knees buckling beneath her loss of control. As she lowers to the floor those Officers jerking off over Calliope change direction and fire jizz all over Burgundy's back. She failed to care. Her brain was fried. Luis shot his load on her luscious ass watching it ooze down between her cheeks and over her thighs. He couldn't help but grin. In a sudden change of expression he winces.
"Awww Maaan! Burgundy I'm fucking sorry."
Her hisses were enough to make him get dressed and hide by Captain Bettinger.
"WELL DONE 33RD PRECINCT. MY POINT HAS BEEN MADE. OH WAIT. SOMEONE HAS NOT SAMPLED BABEE."
Bettinger freezes with his eyes bulging. Looking around he realized that Gabriel was talking about him. Shaking his head he refused. It takes Calliope to crawl out from under her paramours, milky white puddles trickling at gravity.
"Fuck me Donny." Babee pleads dropping to her knees on the tile floor. Slow careful prowling movements she stalks the Captain. As she crawled Officers reached down and rubbed her pussy and ass. She ignored them as her target squirmed.
"I--I can't Calliope. You're like a daughter to me. I can't betray Allison."
"I want you Daddy Donny. Do what you have to you told me. Don't let Allison be in his sights." She kneels before him her palms rubbing over his tented crotch. He stood tall breathing heavily as his Officers waited to see if he would cave. It took Babee to ease his zipper low and fondle his cock while still hidden. Slowly encouraging it she releases his own beast. Rolling it in her palms tenderly she looks up at him with doe like eyes. Bright and trembling. Having swallowed her mouth full of cum she kisses his crown lovingly, "Lolli taste good Daddy Donny."
"Oh Sweet Jesus in Heaven. This can't be happening." His dick was growing in her hands. More soft pouty kisses to his crown she gently sucks on the tip. Her eyes never once blinking as they tear up. He grew lost in her gaze. Finally she rolls his girth all over her face as she kisses his balls, "Christ you're so fucking beautiful."
"Make love to Babee." She pouts licking the length of his cock from scrotum to pisser. Who could possibly tell this Goddess no? Certainly not Donald Bettinger. Dropping his pants he kneels with her and eases her down on to the tile. Her hands running up his hips under his shirt as he unbuttons it. His jacket discarded the shirt left him with a wife beater tank. She guides him toward her pussy with one hand while caressing his cheek with the other. She was so sensuous. Pulling him further over her she kisses him on the lips. Donald Bettinger gave in, his thrusts soft and gentle. His lips kissing her warmly.
"OH FOR GOD'S SAKE FUCK HER LIKE THE SLUT SHE IS."
Bettinger did. Ten minutes of fierce pounding the other Officers grew impressed.
Burgundy Jones uncertain whether to get dressed or not stood there shaking from the chill of being forced into this debacle. Her eyes glued to the sexual encounter. Finally, Luis took his shirt off and draped it over her shoulders. Burgundy looks him in the eye and softens up. With a whisper she reveals, "Nice work Asshole." Followed by a reluctant wink.
"That mean we can do it again?"
"Shut up."
"That a yes?"
"Don't make me beat your ass."
"That's a yes."
She hid her grin. Yes she would fuck him again.
Reaching an epicenter both Bettinger and Babee were in tune. Bodies working as one. Her legs wrapping his torso for a deeper penetration. Snarling Bettinger attempts to pull away before cumming inside her. She held him firm and kissed him even harder.
Tugging his lower lip right as he lost control and fired off in her. He turned pale as she held him in her arms.
"It's okay Donny. That felt really nice."
"Calliope. That was unforgivable. Please don't hate me."
"I could never hate you Captain Donny. Babee adore you."
"How do we beat this Gabriel?"
"I think we play along and hope he slips up." She pants into his ear.
"This is a nightmare."
"Do you think I wanted all of this Donny?"
He pauses to form his words, "You seem to be really getting into it."
"Before today I've only made love to two other men. I'm 28 years old Donny. Was this fun? I did what was required to save lives. So did the rest of you. Gabriel obviously wants to torment me. I say let him. The more he pressures me the better chance he screws up."
"Speaking of screwing up. Tell me you're on birth control."
"Always. I sure hope everyone was clean."
"Right."
Behind them the door opens and Commissioner Meade returns with the Mayor Bernie Foster and FBI Chief Andy McClure. They were stunned to see Bettinger still laying on Calliope.
"For Pete's sake. Get dressed Bettinger." The Mayor frowns while admiring Calliope as she lay there breathing heavy.
"Hi Bernie." She flutters her fingers at him with her legs still wide. Her pussy dripping Bettinger's cum mixed with her own. Every Officer there fought a grin.
"MAYOR FOSTER...IT IS A PLEASURE. I AM CERTAIN YOU ALREADY KNOW OF ME."
"Gabriel is it?"
"YES INDEED."
"We do not want any more bombings in our fair city. While it is unconventional to say the least I will agree to your demands of Miss Cruz. Underwear around Children. As long as she is covered in all of the right places. Otherwise she may go nude. This must be your decision Miss Cruz. We would respect you even if you denied him."
Rolling over on the tile she lays on her belly and kicks her feet playfully, "No one dies on Babee's watch. I better get a medal for this."
"Of course." Mayor Foster swallows eying her shapely bottom.
"WONDERFUL. BABEE? PUT ON YOUR UNDERWEAR AND YOUR BADGE. STEP OUT AND GREET YOUR FANS."
Her eyes dance with a slim expression of fear as she crawls to her feet. Luis brings her hot pink bra and panties. She claims them looking Luis in the eye, "You sniff them?"
"Yeah. Sorry."
"Don't be sowwy. You can sniff me while I'm wearing them anytime. Silly Santos."
"Ohhh hell yeah." He shivers at the thought.
"Your new badge Ms. Cruz." Commissioner Meade hands her a wallet badge. Looking it over Calliope removes the badge from the leather and clips it to the crotch of her panties. Chuckles ended as fast as they erupted. Meade shook her head. This was going to be a huge mistake. FBI Chief McClure steps up to her nodding. Tipping the nose piece of his glasses he swallows dryly.
"We'll find this Gabriel as fast as we can. I would say stay out of trouble but I get the feeling your name is going nationwide."
"In that case let's go wave at the world."
Wiggling past him even Chief McClure had to calm his desires. Calliope walked straight out the door. Officers outside the room began applauding her bravery. She blew kisses in every direction and patted her ass with cheerful giggles. Dancing toward the front entrance she looks back to see the Commissioner and the Mayor following her. Chief McClure lingering behind. With a burst of adrenalin Calliope Cruz pushes the doors open and steps out on to the Department's front steps. To her shock Reporters and Cameramen were everywhere. Snapping pictures and racing up to get an interview. The Mayor motions for her fellow Officers to surround her and make a barricade. Feeling her choker vibrate Calliope nudged past her guardians and stood with the Reporters ogling her from head to toe.
"Officer Cruz? Trish Toliver of the Miami Herald. What insight can you give our viewers concerning the bombings recently?"
"Call me Babee." She flirts with poses for the camera, "We will catch the bomber. Be patient with us."
"Babee? Why Babee?"
"Because I like being called Babee. I bet all those big strong Photographers like calling me Babee too."
"Is this some joke to you?"
"Nope. If I'm not Babee you might as well call me Boom Boom." She shakes her tits.
The Mayor joins her as she continues her erotic posing of pictures. Clearing his throat Bernie Foster adds, "Do not misunderstand Babee. The mad bomber we know as Gabriel is forcing her to portray the role of Babee Ramirez. If not for Ms, Cruz more lives might be in jeopardy. Until we track this bomber down and apprehend him my Office will sanction that she perform her duties as attired or under instances where she has very little choice...in the nude. Yes I said nude. Unconventional I know but which would you rather have...dead bodies all over Miami? Or..."
"DETECTIVE PORNSTAR." Babee jumps up and down with her hands in the air.
Even in their awe they couldn't help but laugh.
Pointing at her snatch she shows off her shield, "See my shiny new badge?"
Trish Toliver stares at Babee with disbelief, "Is this for real?"
In her headset Trish hears a strange voice, "PROMOTE BABEE OR FACE MY WRATH."
"Is this Gabriel?" The Reporter feels a rush drift over her, "How can I be of service? Will you give me an exclusive?"
"I WILL CALL UPON YOU AS NEEDED. DEFEND AND PROMOTE BABEE. AM I CLEAR?"
"Y-yes. You are." Taking a deep breath Trish brightens up, "So Babee is the new hero in town."
"I Come to save the day." She feigns a blush crushing her tits together, "You know what Babee means."
"How can the world take you serious dressed in...Victoria Secret garments?"
"I can take them off if it means you take me serious." She pouts.
Hearing people comment that they wished she would strip Calliope...Babee shivers in thought, "Oh my gosh. Everyone wants to see me naked. What have I gotten myself into?" She bites her lower lip and offers a determined expression, "I'm going to bring you down Gabriel. Even if the entire City gets my clothes off." She trembles at the thoughts, "God I hope I don't have to fuck the entire City too."
"Are you alright Babee?" The Mayor hugs her lightly out of concern.
"Babee is fine Bernie. Let's get this party started."
"Has the Governor been informed of this situation?"
"Yes Ms. Toliver. He will be meeting us very soon. For now we must keep this charade going. Please I ask of all of you watching. Be supportive of Babee. Until we capture this Gabriel. Give her your utmost respect under the situation she...We are in."
Feeling her collar buzz Babee reacts, "No! Disrespect Babee. Make Babee..." She falters in her outburst, "Make Detective Pornstar do the dirty work. Babee is here for all of you. Break the law and Babee will be all over you."
More chuckles at her behavior. Mayor Foster began sweating, "Coming on a little thick Ms. Cruz."
"Babee like coming on thick...things." She teases his crotch beneath his notice with a wandering index finger. The people laughed even harder.
"This is going to be a long summer. Trish Toliver...back to you Robin." Signing out Trish shakes her head as her cameraman Evan continues filming Babee. She was shaking her tits at him and playfully waving.
"WELL DONE BABEE. VERY WELL DONE."
Somewhere near by Gabriel sat behind his monitor array rubbing his palms together. So far so good.
The last video shot taken by Evan was a zoom in on Babee's badge. Lifting it for a better view her panties pulled up into her labia. The cameraman could be heard to say, "Nice Panty Shield."
"Panty Shield...Babee like that."
The Mayor realized her finger was taunting his creased crotch and turns away.
Bernie needed to have a long talk with Babee in his private chambers. Dragging her by her wrist she wiggled her ass at the crowd. Fluttering her fingers over her shoulder she yells out, "I think he wants to debrief me."
Bernie Foster was never more embarrassed.
Bernie Foster had never had a hard on this stiff.
Who needed Viagra when he had Babee Ramirez?
He probably wouldn't get re-elected anyway.
Doors open.
Doors close.