This story is fictional, purely a fantasy. It is an adult story full of eroticism and sex. As it is my story, I choose the line of reasoning and scenarios involved.
While I welcome constructive criticism, I will delete the comments of those who merely wish to rant and rave.
As with most of my stories, this one starts off slow, setting the mood. But when the activities start, they start with a bang.
Stephanie woke slowly from a deep sleep and rolled over in bed only to find it empty. Her husband was again away for several months. She missed having Mark beside her in bed in the mornings. She missed feeling his morning hard-on rubbing up against her in his sleep. And she really missed having him slide his hard-on between her legs while she was still half-asleep, waking with his hard cock slowly working itself into her body.
Then there were the times she woke up before him and gently played with his stiffened member while he slept. She would feel him slowly wake up stage by stage as she sucked, stroked, and otherwise toyed with him.
Stephanie's pussy ached from the lack of attention this morning and for the last few weeks. She thought about pulling her vibrator out, but knew it wouldn't be enough today, so decided against starting something she couldn't finish.
Another month till he comes homeshe thought.
Slipping out from beneath the covers, Stephanie looked at her naked body in the full-length mirror. She liked what she saw. Long brunette hair hung down to the middle of her back. She took care of her hair and knew her husband truly enjoyed rubbing his hands in the soft, silky strands. Her eyes were hazel, flecked with pieces of gold. With her soft marble-white skin, her eyes stood out prominently. Her lips were full and still retained some of her favourite colour from the night before, a soft red, which on her light skin blazed like a beacon.
Her breasts were a full 38C with very little sag. She had large nipples that flashed the headlights when she was aroused. Her husband didn't have to guess on that issue; he only had to look at her nips. Even in heavy clothes, it could easily be seen when she got her horn on.
Stephanie's waist was slim, her navel small. Her hips flared generously, confirming her status as a woman. Her butt was high and tight and, other than her breasts, her husband's favourite part of her body. He frequently spent a lot of time fondling and kissing it, much to her enjoyment.
A soft brown strip that pointed joyously towards the bald space between her legs was all that was left of her pubic hair. Her legs were long and, as her husband often quipped to his friends, seemed to go on forever.
At twenty-eight, Stephanie was at the height of her beauty, and she knew it.
She sighed sadly, donned her silky robe, and headed downstairs to the kitchen.
The first thing she saw was the deep bank of heavy fog outside. She could barely see more than twenty feet from the window. She missed the colour of the sunrises at this time of year, with its brightly coloured banners thrown into the air by the arrival of the warmly glowing ball. These days, the fog shrouded the sun's normal morning brilliance with a somber blanket of wet grey.
It's days like this that makes you want to lay in bed with someone warm... handsome... and naked.Stephanie suppressed a shudder at the thought of her lonely bed.
She made some tea and sat at the table watching the fog begin to lighten as it was burned away by the rising sun.
I've missed the spectacle of a brilliant sunrise.Stephanie thought as the rising sun began to peek through above the morning mist. As the mist receded, the nearby trees desperately vied to emulate the brilliance of the sun's morning splendor with a lesser autumn spectacle of their own. They didn't quite succeed, but they certainly tried hard. The vivid contrasts of reds, yellows, oranges, and browns combined with those trees that still retained some green leaves, attempted to attract her eyes, but they couldn't match the spectacular hues of reds, yellows and magenta that the approaching sun threw into the sky like confetti heralding the arrival of the bride, nor could they attract the sweet song of birds bursting forth in tender serenade at the approach of dawn, those songs now heavily muted in the morning mist.
At least these colours will last through the day.She had to admit though, that they were in no way as beautiful as that of the sweet splendor of morning's arrival.
The doorbell chimed.
It took Stephanie a moment to realize what it was. Nobody came to call on her this early. She wrapped her robe a little more tightly as she walked to the door.
A man in what appeared to be a one-piece delivery uniform stood at the door holding a package. He was almost as tall as her husband. He was blond, younger by maybe five years or so, and in good shape. At least he filled out the uniform in a good way. She shuddered as she realized that her loneliness was making her think such lurid thoughts.
The man held the package up, and Stephanie noted her name on it and that it had been sent by her husband.
She immediately flung open the door, only to be greeted by the chill of the heavy, wet air. She invited the deliveryman inside to get out of the weather. He had her sign for the package and then told her he was to wait for a reply.
Surprised, she took the package and withdrew the few steps to the kitchen table where she opened the attached envelope and quickly read its contents.
My Loving Stephanie:
I know by now that you are missing me terribly, as I am missing you. There is little I can do here in an all men's work gang in the middle of nowhere. But there is something I can do for you.
If this message has arrived when I planned it, you have just gotten out of bed. Our bed. Our empty bed.
After the months we've been separated, you must be very lonely now and keenly feeling our separation. I know I am, as even our intimate internet chats can no longer take the edge from me...
I hope you remembered I told you that if you needed to, it would be alright to look around during my time away. And I'm also sure that you haven't. Every time you go to bed and every time you wake up, you are reminded of our separation. The pay is fantastic, but three months away at a time is a little too long.
So I have arranged a little gift for you. And no, it's not in the package, though what is in it will help.
The deliveryman is actually a stripper.
Startled, Stephanie had to reread that line several times before she could continue. It was the last line on the page and she had to flip it over.
Yes, that's right. A stripper.
Oh My God!Thought Stephanie,does he really know me that well?
You're probably wondering if I'm nuts sending a stripper this time of the morning, but I know you. You're probably drinking tea, watching the sunrise, sitting in just your robe.
Am I right?
Stephanie got a tingling feeling up her spine. He was right! But what did he intend to do about it?
Inside the package is an envelope with $600 in it—3 hundreds, 2 fifties, 5 twenties, and 10 tens. The stripper's fee for a private show is $200. He's already been paid $100, which is non-refundable, to come to the door.
There are three things you can do:
1. Take the money and spend it on yourself. You would have to decline the stripper's service and give him a tip (I suggest $50) and send him on his way;
2. Watch him do his routine. If you want to watch him dance, then you will have to give him another $100 and tip him a little (I suggest $10s and $20s); and
3. Once he is naked... Well, you're probably in your robe and naked underneath and by now terribly horny, so it wouldn't be too difficult to go from there, and there's still money to spend on him and on yourself.
Stephanie couldn't believe what she was reading. Her husband had set her up with a sexy dancer and wanted her to enjoy herself—and from what she had read—in more ways than one!
She continued reading.
The choices, of course, are yours, and I give you my blessing to choose any of these options, or any other choices of your own making. You don't even have to tell me what you did... though if you did do something sexy I wouldn't mind hearing about it later when we're together, naked, in our bed.
I know you. You, like me, really enjoy morning sex. That's why he's here now, in the early morning... while you're still horny.
Enjoy yourself, My Love. Do whatever you want and whatever you need to do with my blessings.
P.S. A CD with some hot music for the dancer is in the package as well.
Stephanie put the letter down and opened the package. Inside were the CD and an envelope. She didn't have to wonder what the contents of the envelope might be.
Now she had to decide what she wanted to do.
She surreptitiously looked over at the dancer.He is very good looking, isn't he?He was still standing in the hallway where she had left him, pretending to be a simple delivery guy...Wasn't that the start of so many of those B-rated porn movies?
Standing at the table biting her lower lip, Stephanie suddenly became aware that she was rubbing her thighs together and that her pussy was hot and wet. Mark's letter had started something within her. The thought of this handsome young hunk standing in her doorway was pushing her to an obvious choice.At the very least I should watch him dance...
Stephanie made up her mind.
Taking the contents of the package, she padded on bare feet into the living room and slipped the CD into the machine. She sat in the recliner, pulled a hundred-dollar bill from the envelope, and placed it on the end table to her right. She stuffed the tens, twenties, and two fifties into the robe's only pocket. Grabbing the remote, she turned on the music and waited impatiently.
The music started with a powerful downbeat, its pulse sending shivers into her stomach... and lower. She turned the volume up a little and heard two soft thuds.
The stripper was suddenly silhouetted in the open doorway, his shoes off, his bare feet looking so odd at the ends of his coveralls.
He began to move to the beat, swinging his hips about, and twisting and turning in the open space in front of her. His movements were fluid, graceful, and masculine. Facing Stephanie, his hands behind his head, his hips twisted and gyrated to the music. An obvious bulge in his coveralls sent a shiver up Stephanie's back.
Oh my! It certainly is getting warmer in here!
The man knew what he was doing. His movements were powerful and quick with surefooted strength that propelled him about the room in explosive bursts.
Stephanie was getting turned on. She let out a WHOOP that brought a grin to his face, making him look boyish. That in turn made Stephanie blush.It really WAS getting warm in here! No, not warm... HOT!
Spinning, he reached up and tossed his cap in Stephanie's direction and then slowly approached her seated form, with one hand on the long zipper of his coveralls. He flicked his hand up and down, causing the zipper to make a zzzziiiizzzzing sound.
Stephanie's eyes were fixed on the hand moving the zipper. When the zipper opened, she would briefly glimpse his powerful chest only to have it obscured when the zipper was pulled closed.
"My name is David," the dancer said, his free hand reaching out to take her right hand. He guided it to the zipper to let her pull it down some. He slowly stood up straight. The zipper, trapped in Stephanie's hand, slid all the way down to his hips. With a sudden burst of movement, he slipped his arms free of the coveralls and spun away before she noticed that he was now naked from the waist up.
Stephanie let out another louder WHOOP! The song ended, but the beat quickly picked up the rhythm of a new piece.
David easily slid into the music's stride, flexing his arms and posing to display his awesome physique. The movements made his powerful body stand out, the muscles popping as he paused briefly for each pose.
Stephanie pulled out a ten from her pocket. She waved it in the air as David approached and stuffed it into his coveralls while feeling his abs with the back of her hand. The muscles were very solid.
WOW! This man is built!She was a little disappointed that she didn't have anyone to share the moment with; many of her girlfriends would kill for an experience like this. Giselle, for one. But that thought quickly passed as she become more enthralled in her own private strip show.
David began to play with the zipper again, which brought a big smile from Stephanie. She reached back into her pocket, this time pulling a twenty out. He grinned again and moved slowly and sensually in her direction.
Stephanie placed the twenty into his coverall near the zipper, her hand boldly lingering on his powerful stomach muscles. This close to him, she was almost overpowered by the strong, square muscles of his chest and the incredibly deep ridges of his abs.
As she pulled away, David once again trapped her hand in his and placed it on the zipper. She noticed the zipper didn't run down to his crotch as most coveralls did, but moved outward over his hip and all the way down his leg.
Stephanie pulled the zipper down and over his hip.
David stepped back and lifted his leg while twisting it across his body. The zipper ripped down the track and opened at the bottom of his leg. He spun away and flung his other leg out, causing the coverall to sail across the room, leaving him in a red posing trunk similar to those used by bodybuilders.Why not? He's built like one!
David spun around, showing off his body. He stood with his back to her and posed with his hands over his head, spreading his back into a broad, powerful triangle, the muscles of which were well defined. He bent over to his left, one hand stretched out over his head, pinky pointing to the ceiling. His other hand pointed down and curled beneath his butt. Every muscle on his back, arms, and legs popped into full definition.
Stephanie was awed by the look of this incredibly well-built man. Her heart was fluttering, her stomach ached, and her pussy was almost purring at the sight of this powerfully muscled, talented, and sexy dancer.
He started moving again to the beat of the music with twists, turns, and leaps that took him all over the living room. Finally, he stopped just in front of her. Turning his right hip to her, he reached down to pull on a Velcro tab, but stopped pulling almost immediately.
She looked up and saw him looking at her with a smile. A flex of his eyebrows brought a saucy smile of her own and another ten from her pocket. David took the money, throwing it on the floor, and moved his hip closer. She grabbed and pulled the tab until it opened, leaving his right hip exposed.
Stephanie expected to see skin, and she did, but there was also another outfit under his trunks. In one way, she was disappointed; but in another, she wanted to be teased a little bit more... and she knew she would indeed be getting that tease.
David danced around a little bit then approached her once again with the left hip leading. She reached into her pocket and pulled out a ten. She'd already given him two tens and a twenty, plus the hundred that was part of his fee. She wanted to keep a little money available in case she had to bribe him, though she suspected that wouldn't be necessary. After all, she was pretty good-looking herself.
She waved the ten at him. When he took it, she pulled the tab open and held onto the cloth as it fell from his body. She waved the red material in the air like a Toreador waving his red cape at a bull. It didn't seem to work though; at least he didn't come to her... yet...
The music changed again, slowing, though the beat was still fierce. This allowed David to do more 'artful' poses in what was just a blue silk G-string. Truly artful! The kind of art that came with nude paintings. But Stephanie wasn't about to censor what David was doing. In fact, she was trying to encourage him to go further. She whooped and yelled and screamed for him to take it all off.
Oh My God, what an ass!She thought as he turned his back to her. The G-string split the halves of his butt, leaving his incredibly well-formed naked cheeks exposed to her view. Strong gluts flexed and deep dimples winked at her as he moved.Michelangelo's statue has nothing on this David!
Turning around, David began to pump his hips in time to the music, which caused his manhood to move up and down within the confines of his G-string. The silky material clearly showed the outline of a large cock... the kind of cock that the best dancers flaunted. The kind of cock that could hypnotize a woman... and Stephanie was no exception.
Stephanie was staring at his package when the movements stopped. The outline of his penis began to rise as it stiffened within its protective blue silk sheath. She looked up at him, only to see him looking down at her chest.
She had been playing with her breasts, running her fingers up and down her cleavage, and had inadvertently opened her robe a little too much, showing more than she had intended. As well, her arousal meant that the 'headlights were on,' her nipples standing out proud and strong.
David must know that I'm not wearing a bra!she thought as she watched his manhood grow longer and fatter.OMG! Just how big is that thing anyway?
Without realizing it, Stephanie was spreading her legs, allowing her robe to fall open, exposing her almost up to her crotch. The exposure was all that was needed. David's cock snapped to full attention. Stephanie groaned, and David smiled.
She looked up to see his eyes fixed on hers. She licked her lips and opened the top of her robe a little more, letting it slide just off her shoulders. The swell of her breasts was now visible almost down to her nipples. She pressed her arms together to form a deep cleavage. This time David groaned and Stephanie smiled.
She reached into her pocket. She wasn't sure what she pulled out, but without looking, she threw it onto the floor in the direction of the other money laying there.
David stepped forward.
Stephanie noted that his G-string had release clips on the side of his hips. She flicked one.
He turned his hips.
She flicked the other. The cloth hung on his cock, covering it from her gaze, but otherwise, he was now naked.
He stepped a little closer. Stephanie opened her legs a little further, and David stepped between them.
She could smell him now, the smell of his cologne. It wasn't overpowering, like most men when they doused themselves before going dancing. This was just a hint of a scent that matched him well. She could also smell soap on him. Strangely enough, it wasn't a manly type of soap... more like... jasmine. There was another scent subtly masked by the other two... the smell of a man aroused. Her stomach fluttered. She wondered if he could smell her own musk.
Stephanie looked at the top of his cock, where the cloth hung from it. The cloth had become soaked with his pre-cum. She leaned forward and boldly took both the cloth and the crown of his cock into her mouth and was greeted with a burst of this man's flavor exploding on her tongue.
Stephanie's brain shut down. Her whole body reacted to the taste of him. Her nipples stiffened even more, her pussy dripped, and her eyes closed as she savoured this hot man's flavor. She sucked a little bit more of his cock into her mouth; however, that meant taking more of the dry G-string in with it.
So be it.She pulled her lips off his cock, taking the G-string along. David's nude body stood proudly before her. For the first time, she fully glimpsed his manhood. She knew it was large, but seeing it in the flesh took her breath away. Her husband was average-sized, but this man certainly wasn't!
Stephanie reached out and took his cock in her hand, just barely closing her fingers around it. She slowly pumped his shaft up and down and felt a grumbling growl that came from deep inside him. Another thrill shot through her body at that sound, knowing she had caused it.
David reached down and, taking her hand, pulled her to her feet and up against his hard body. Her brain registered that the music had turned into a slow dance number. She let herself be led by his movements. She felt the monstrous cock trapped between their bodies. She felt his hard chest and abs pressed against her. She felt his hands sliding up and down her back, slowly descending towards her ass; with each downward movement, he reached closer to it. She had no doubt that he would soon be fully aware of her nudity beneath her robe.
He leaned down and kissed her. The kiss was soft, inviting, asking her for more. She gave back more... a lot more.
The kiss became passionate, almost frantic as they held each other tightly while swaying gently to the music in the background. Stephanie was vaguely aware of his hands finding her ass sometime in the middle of the kiss.
He broke the kiss and moved his lips down to her neck. She felt the hair on the back of her neck rising as the warmth of his breath caressed her flesh. Her stomach was fluttering again. But that was alright...so was her heart!
She belatedly realized that her hands had been caressing his ass all along. The muscles there were strong and unyielding to her kneading fingers.God, he's such a powerful man!
David's lips came up from her neck and once again sought out her mouth. Stephanie yielded to him without hesitation. He pulled the robe's tie, opened the robe, and then slid his hands inside and around her back to pull her to him, her nakedness pressing against his. She shrugged her arms back, allowing the robe to drop to the floor, and then flung her arms around his neck. They clung tightly to each other, their lips locked together, all thoughts of the music forgotten as they ground hard against one another.
Moving suddenly, he picked her up and stepped over to the couch, where he lay her gently down upon it. His mouth began to play along her skin—licking, kissing, sucking, and gently biting—teasing her as he moved along her body. Her heart skipped several beats, and for a moment she thought it might stop altogether... but then she pulled in another ragged breath and felt her heart lurch into yet another pulse.
David's head slowly moved down her body, stopping briefly at every curve, every hill and crest, every valley. He stalled at her breasts, his mouth touching, kissing, and licking along her womanly curves. His hands caressed her soft mounds in such a manner that the unbidden thought came to her that he was touching a monument, not soft flesh... a monument to womankind... a monument to her...
Taking her nipples one at a time, David suckled gently on them at first, but then drew them deeply into his mouth, bringing Stephanie an excruciatingly powerful feeling of pain/pleasure. He played with her breasts for several long minutes before eventually moving on.
Making his way down to her navel, he licked around it, dipping the tip of his tongue into the depths of her tiny well before descending further.
He kissed along the arc of her hip and down the crease between her stomach and leg, from the outside of her leg to the inside. Stephanie moaned softly when David's broad tongue swiped the top of her Mons.
His mouth moved once more to kiss along her the outside of her leg down to her right knee. Lifting the knee, David kissed beneath it along her leg, but now, with her leg held high, he was descending towards her ass.
He let the leg fall outward as he kissed higher and higher along her inner thigh until his face fell between her outstretched legs where he teasingly kissed her nether lips. Stephanie cooed when she felt the warm breath between her legs and moaned at the wetness of his tongue caressing her pussy.
David covered Stephanie's sex with his mouth and played with it for several long minutes, slowly stoking the fire within her. He pulled on her lips with his. He kissed, licked, and nibbled on them, causing the entrance to her vagina to flutter open. He tasted the difference in her, the flavour changing with her arousal. He slipped his tongue deep into her dewy honeypot causing an unexpected moan to escape her.
His incredibly agile tongue twisted and turned inside her. It felt as if his tongue was penetrating her right up to her heart! Then it was moving up and down her dripping slit, lapping up the juices leaking from her.
David's tongue moved all the way down to her ass and then all the way back up to her clit. Repeating the journey several times, David sometimes used the flat of his tongue using broad, paint-like strokes along the length of her lips, inside and outside, sending shivers of warm pleasure throughout her body. When he used just the tip, he would flick it several times over her asshole at the bottom of his travels, and then over her clit at the top, sending sparks shooting through her body and tiny explosions up into her brain.
Stephanie's body strained for release, and she knew it wouldn't take much from David to get her there. As his tongue moved over her clit, he slid a finger inside her. His finger was soon joined by a second, and the combined actions of his fingers and tongue finally pushed her over the edge.
She felt a burst of sensation deep inside her and saw colours explode behind her suddenly closed eyes. With a scream, she came, her body lifting from the couch. Her hands clutched David's hair, pulling him tightly against her. The only other contact was between her sex and his fingers and mouth, which he skillfully used to prolong her pleasure.
Her body jerked and twisted in orgasm for what seemed an incredibly long time, then, just as quickly as it had burst upon her, her orgasm faded away, and like a string pulled taut that suddenly breaks, her body collapsed onto the couch. The sheen of sweat on her heated body wicked away into the air as she pulled several deep, ragged breaths into her lungs. Before Stephanie's racing heart could calm down, David crawled up over her, his nakedness adding to the heat emanating from her core.
He drew his body up and over Stephanie, bringing his mouth to hers and kissing her deeply. Without conscious thought, Stephanie's legs opened to receive him. His massive prick rubbed her now slippery opening, sending powerful thrills through her body. She rolled him over, and with a thud, they fell to the floor. They barely noticed the impact.
Rising up over David, Stephanie straddled his hips and rubbed her soaked sex all over his meaty cock. David pulled her down to suck on her large, hard nipples. The movement shifted the point of contact between them so that the next time she rose up over him she felt the crown of his cock lock into the opening of her cunt. Stephanie stopped moving, and David's mouth released her teat.
They looked deeply into each other's eyes as the tip of his hot spear poised at her entrance. Both of them were breathing hard, covered in sweat, and ready for the action to go further. David did nothing, waiting patiently for Stephanie to make the next move. She felt her resolve deteriorating and simply sank back onto him.
He pushed up to meet her. Half of his cock slid into her in the initial thrust. His hard cock pushed Stephanie's pussy lips up into her body until the pleasure of his plunging shaft was overcome by the pain of her folded lips. She drew back a little to stop the initial penetration. Reaching down, she unfolded her trapped lips and resumed sinking back down, only managing to draw another inch or so of young, hard cock into her body.
Reversing direction, Stephanie rose slowly up his shaft until only the head was left within her and then pushed back down as hard as she could. Her ass bumped his thighs, but there was still more of him that hadn't entered her. She rose up again, this time not as far, posting up and down on his slick pole, taking a little more of his monster up inside her each time. It took six more strokes to force his entire rigid member deep into her body. Sitting down hard on him, she groaned at the feeling of fullness and the depth of his penetration. She couldn't believe she had taken the full length of his giant tool within her!
She fell forward and kissed him. There was no gentleness in this kiss. It was passionate, it was hard, and it was desperate. Somewhere in the middle of the kiss, she realized that her body had begun to move.
Gently at first, they oscillated their hips in opposition to each other, allowing his manhood to alternately plunge in and out of her. Their movements became stronger, longer, and more frantic as the heat of their passion intensified. The slick sounds of their copulation filled the room.
Without warning, Stephanie's second orgasm of the morning overwhelmed her. She sat up, pushing herself down hard on top of him, threw back her head, and cried out her pleasure.
David watched her entire body shake. He felt her pussy pulsating on his cock, the warm grip alternately tightening and loosening around his member. He fought desperately to prevent himself from cumming, and succeeded.
When Stephanie collapsed on him again, he sat up and put her on her back on the couch. He spread her legs wide, locking his elbows behind her knees, and began to fuck her hard. And that's what it was... a true fucking... there was no loving, no tenderness. It was hard, intense sex, which she loved and needed.
David's meaty shaft pistoned in and out of her slit making wet squelching sounds as it slid threw her nether lips. The slap of his hips colliding with hers reverberated from the walls and their grunts, groans, moans, and occasional cries of passion filled the living room.
Stephanie felt another orgasm approaching, but this time David too was nearing completion. He told her he was close and asked where and how she wanted him. She said nothing but placed her feet behind his ass and tried to pull him deeper as he continued to pound her pussy hard and fast. He understood fully her unspoken desires.
He fucked her like that for a dozen more strokes. Abruptly, he pushed himself against her and held himself still, a deep growl bursting from his lips. Stephanie felt his cock swell and felt a sudden burst of heat deep within her. He seemed to catch his breath before pushing hard against her once more. She felt another burst of heat just as her orgasm broke. Somewhere in the back of her mind, she was aware of each jet of liquid heat that David shot into her, but it only seemed to intensify her need, her pleasures... and his.
Finally, he collapsed on top of her. She could feel her inner muscles clutching at his manhood, seeking to suck every last drop of his essence from him, the pulses sending intense pleasure through her body. It seemed to last for a very long time but was probably only a few minutes.
Stroking David's back, Stephanie felt the sweat, the hard muscles, and his pounding heart as he lay atop her. Their heart rates began to slow, bringing them softly down from their sexual high.
He kissed her then. This time it was a gentle kiss. He seemed to be trying to reassure her that all was good. She played with the kiss, moving her lips from his mouth to his strong, square jawline, then back to his ear, playfully sticking her tongue in it.
David suddenly began to swell within her.His ear is one of his body's erogenous zones!She had never felt that sensation before. Every man she had ever been with had been hard when he entered her and had withdrawn when he deflated. This was the first time she had ever made a man rise before his cock had wilted enough to fall out of her!
The sensations triggered something within her as she felt herself reacting to the unusual stimulus. She pushed him back, forcing herself upright so that they were sitting facing each other. Her hips began to move as they fucked. Her husband wasn't long enough for this position to be very effective as her frantic actions would cause him to slip out of her. But this man was more than long enough for some very vigorous hip action!
David's cock rubbed her clit as she moved back and forth along it. He was so thick, it couldn't help but rub her button. Her actions became more frenzied as he brought her to her peak. She pushed herself hard against him and let loose a long, loud wail. She couldn't believe how powerful this orgasm was or how quickly it arrived!
David held Stephanie tightly as her pussy passionately squeezed his cock. He had just cum and knew he could go for a bit before cumming again, but my god, this woman's powerful internal muscles had almost brought him over the peak again. He had been with plenty of women in his short time as a dancer, but none that had ever fucked him like this! When her orgasm subsided, and with Stephanie still impaled on his fleshy spear, he picked her up in in his arms and began lifting her up and down.
The sensations the deep penetration this position caused quickly brought Stephanie back to life as her body responded to his moves. His cock rode her clit sending aftershocks threw her body as he slammed her pelvis against his own. Delirious from the continuous orgasms and having no idea how long they had been fucking, Stephanie was relieved when David warned her that he was ready to cum again.
David's strength and determination couldn't stave off another orgasm for long, especially as he was effectively using Stephanie's body to masturbate himself. Her pussy clamped down powerfully on his cock each time she came, and she was cumming hard and strong every dozen strokes or so. He felt his need rising and warned her of his impending release. Stephanie hugged him tighter as he continued to fuck her, her knees and legs wrapped around his waist and her feet gripping his ass in anticipation of his release.
Stephanie reached another even stronger peak, which triggered David's ejaculation. He flooded her pussy again, and she revelled in the sensations of his hot jets striking the back wall of her pussy. Several bursts of hot cum spread the heat ever deeper into her belly before he finally held her still against his hard body, his cock twitching long afterwards causing her pussy to respond with little shock waves of its own as it tightly clutched his slowly shrinking shaft.
He kissed her again, softly, telling her with his kiss that the hard fucking he had given her was not really what he was all about, that he had a gentler side. Stephanie returned a kiss of shared pleasures, shared needs, and appreciation. No words were spoken. None were needed. This was sex, pure and simple. Her needs had been sated. And she knew her husband was aware of her needs, which was why he had arranged this.
David slowly lowered Stephanie onto the couch and pulled out of her.
Stephanie's pussy ached at the emptiness it now felt. She lay back and watched as David quietly picked up his money, dressed, and left. Like a sated feline, she gave her body a long, sensual stretch and noticed the heavy, sticky mess left on the couch, some of which was still dripping from her softly pulsing snatch. She giggled.Thank God it's a leather couch!
The giggle grew to a long laugh. Yes, her husband did know her very well... or at least he thought he did. She would have to shake him up a little and do something very special for him on his return.
She noted the ball cap on the floor, forgotten by the dancer. Stephanie picked it up and realized that the company logo was not that of any shipping company she knew. Maybe she should wear it when she spoke to Mark on the internet tonight. She wondered if he would recognize the logo. Or understand the significance of her wearing it.
Yes, she would definitely have to do something special on his return...