4:15 Monday afternoon...
At the jingle of keys in a doorknob, a slumbering Rottweiler lifts his head with a whimper and bolts for the front door, knowing exactly who was coming in. With the alarm disarmed due to her nephew being there she wasn't worried about setting it off. Piper Cherry entered to a greeting of paws nearly knocking her off of her feet.
"Well hello to you too Big Boy." She dances with him on his hind legs goofily, thinking back to her dance with Dewey Knowles at Horton-Dexter. "Almost as hairy." She laughs, "You dance divinely Rotten. No dipping me, hop down." He drops then pounces back up in his excitement catching her off guard to lick her face and neckline.
"Hey! I'm not gonna make out with you so chill." Forcing him back wasn't as easy as it looked him being 200 pounds of dead weight. Teetering in step to brush her left shoulder roughly on the hallway wall she growled, "Okay! I've missed you too, but enough already." Finally, she calms him down and he just whimpers at her feet. "Damn! I wish Roger had pawed me up that much."
Closing the front door before Rotten bolted out she takes her first steps into the house. Looking around to find someone missing she yelled, "MACE?" Nothing at first so she shrugged and made her way to her bedroom. Entering she stops cold removing her earrings, "Where is my bedding?" She grimaced, "You eat my sheets?" She winces at Rotten. "Bad enough you shred my panties now you gotta go bigger?"
Hearing a toilet flush upstairs she concluded where her nephew had been. "Dropping a load off at the cleaners, huh?" She chatted with Rotten as hands were heard being washed. Finally, just as she kicked her heels off and took them to her closet for safety she began stripping out of her dress for more casual wear. At full backside revealed she stepped further into her closet to avoid Mace seeing her, hearing his footsteps racing down the staircase.
"Hey! How was your first day at work?" He paused in her doorway hands on both sides tilting his upper body her direction.
Leaning out revealing only one bare shoulder as she prepped putting on a long purple t-shirt she smiled, "Not a bad beginning. Met a lot of really nice people. Performed a waltz with a werewolf in his History class. Among other things you don't need to know about." She razzed him then walked from her closet in her now worn t-shirt. Nipples were saying, "Purple people eaters welcome."
"Awww! Why can't I hear what you did?"
"Because your Mother doesn't need to hear it from you."
"You know I'd never rat you out Aunt Piper."
"Uh huh! Where's my bedding?"
"Shit! I forgot to put it in the dryer."
"Why are you stripping...my bed?"
"Don't ask he might pee on the carpet if you scold him."
"So, you did it." She narrowed her eyes at Rotten. The poor dog didn't understand why she looked upset with him and he just strolled away sulking. "How can I be pissed at a face like that." In the laundry room Mace Belmont felt bad blaming Rotten for his own mess. Having jerked off on her sheets where she slept while fantasizing over his aunt he had no choice but to wash them.
Strolling to the laundry she now stood as he had in her doorway palms on the frame teetering in on one foot. "Thank you for washing them. I thought he was potty trained better than that."
"Maybe he just thought you left him again. Until he gets used to the surroundings you probably should be patient."
"I'm glad you decided to stay longer Mace. It's comforting even if I can't fully be myself."
"You can, you just worry too much. I've seen you naked already so why make a big deal out of it." He switched the load to the dryer and put in dryer sheets before firing it up. Once tumbling he faced her as she fidgeted in thought. Noticing his eyes drift to her pointy nipples she shook her head.
"That's why I worry. You lust after me Buddy."
"No I don't." He grimaced rolling his eyes. "Maybe a little. Come on Aunt Piper you're sexy hot it's hard not to. It's not like I'm trying to..."
"Seduce me?"
"I'm not even going there. That's a woman's job anyway."
"Oh really? It should be both ways to make things more interesting. Besides the point I'm not going to put either of us in an awkward situation. While I have you cornered we need to talk."
"Okay! Wanna go sit down first?"
"Good idea, I've been on my feet all day. Thankfully no heels half the day or I'd be walking like John Wayne." She twirls in step and wiggles through her house then dramatically plops down on her sectional. Once he regained his composure at her dancing ass cheeks he joined her masking a brewing erection as best he could. She already knew he had one.
"Besides that point too. Cushion that up please." A couch cushion in his lap quickly blocked her view. Oh, but she was getting away with her pussy peeking out in her seating position of one leg under her facing him.
"Hey! If I gotta cushion you gotta pushion."
"Pushion? What the hell is pushion?"
"Puss shun!" He spelled it out to her pointing between her legs.
"Ah! Zeroing in already. That's exactly why I can't be myself around you Mace. We being related it's just too...weird." She did grab a cushion on her side and covered her thighs. Sighing she changed the subject, "Okay! Here's the deal. I have a hot date Saturday with a stud named Roger on his houseboat. Won't be here. So, if you wanna hang out with Sable and Dakota and watch movies you can invite them over to keep you company."
"A date on your first day? With who? Oh wait! You said Roger. Sorry, got distracted."
"He's the Science teacher at Horton-Dexter. Tall, dark, and godlike." She fanned herself, her nipples getting even harder just thinking about him. "Also, I have to cover Detention between 4:00 and 5:00 tomorrow afternoon."
"Trouble tribe, eh? Lucky you."
"I know right." She groaned, "I'll manage. Third thing, I'm also taking over as the coach for the Horton-Dexter Swallow's cheerleading squad."
Laughing instantly he belted out, "Their team name is the Swallow's? No fucking way."
"Way!" she frowned with a nod, "I laughed too. Anyways, ordinarily the girls meet with their old Coach at the same hour as Detention, so I switched their practices to 6:30 to 7:30, give or take. The gym is booked at 5:00 on so I invited the squad here."
"Here? Here, here?"
"Yep! So...either be scarce or behave. There's not one ugly girl in the bunch."
"Is there ever? You should know better than that Falcon Lady."
"I know. Looks out rules ability every time. By the way I'm inducting Sable McKellen on to the squad, so offer her praise even if she sucks."
"I'd think Dakota would be a better fit." Listening to himself he smirked at dry humping Dakota's bed when gaining access to the McKellen home. He pictured fitting right in between her thighs. Virgin now but not forever he chuckled within.
"Probably so. She has more confidence that's for sure. Oh my God! Mace you should have seen Dakota, she had her shirt unbuttoned all day long at school and believe it or not Carl...the principal didn't say a word and he saw it all when she dropped her papers and he helped pick them up. Boys were drooling over her more than me or her Mother."
"I did see her that way when I stopped Mister McKellen about borrowing his gas can."
"Did you embarrass her?"
"No. He even knew I looked. Hard not to."
"True. You did a good job cutting the grass. Thank you Handyman." If she only knew how handy, thus the reason for washing her sheets. He wondered if Josie or Henry noticed the jizz he left in their bed. A pretty safe bet not, they were just now finishing up fucking in their bed. Time was flying.
"No problem. I'm here to help. You call Cable?"
"FUCK ME! No, I totally forgot. I'm sorry Mace, text me in the morning at work I'll make sure I do."
"Aww! I guess I'll watch more of your old DVD's."
"No more Mrs. Robinson please? Try something more current like The Notebook."
"Too mushy. Watched it with Mom and Monet years ago. I was thinking more Turner and Smooch."
"Hooch. Turner and Hooch." She corrected him until he wiggled his brows. "Ah! The porno Turn Her and Smooch. Found those did you?"
"Yep! Nice try hiding them in cases of movies you thought I'd never look at. French Kiss? Meg Ryan used to be hot. I remember that movie when I was a kid too."
"Trust me you don't wanna see what she looks like now. MILF she is not. " Whispering as if someone was listening she broke down MILF as "Meg Is Lil Fugly." Mace busted a gut. "Josie should be here shortly."
"Good thing I chilled some wine earlier." He chuckled, "Maybe I was reading your minds."
"You did? That was thoughtful. Thank you. Chablis or the Rose?"
"Both."
"You're the bomb Buddy Boy." She leaped forward for a high five. He joined her as both of them lost their hiding cushions to the floor by stretching so far, which warranted a reluctant look of awkwardness shared with one another. A hiss between them they grabbed their cushions from the floor and resettled in.
"So, how long is your Mom going to be in North Carolina with your sister?"
"I dunno really. Monet had some issues up there I guess. Something about a Minister."
"Oh? Good or bad?"
"No idea. Maybe Monet found Minister right."
"Mister is in MIniSTER." Piper chuckled at his play on words adding her own, "Good for her...if that's the case."
"Oh, Mom said Aunt Bree called her. College is going good for her too."
"Of course it is. She's licking her way to the Dean's list."
"I thought Aunt Bree was...ohhh, woman Dean."
"Yep! Turn that capital A + upside down she's eating at the Y and sealing it with a kiss."
"Wouldn't that be a V? Oh...vagina. My bad." He chuckled, "Too funny."
"You're learning Nephew." Piper praised him by tossing her cushion at him before hopping up, her t-shirt riding high in back offered him bare cheeks until she tugged it down.
"Where you going?"
"To grab my cell. Time to order some Chinese. Any requests?"
"I never did call that Jesse guy about Grub Hubbin' me a pizza. I'm starving."
"I can request him deliver our Chinese." She calls from her bedroom and searches for local Chinese restaurants. "Here's one sounds promising, Golden Draggin'. Wait! That's a strip club. My bad. Damn! A gay strip club even."
"That's hilarious. I think I passed a place on my way here with Rotten. Look up Chow Mein, oh hold on maybe it was Chow Men. Another gay club probably."
"A comedian after my own heart." She laughed.
"After that heart shaped ass of yours." He mumbled rubbing his concealed erection.
Returning with her cell she kept searching for local places as she sat back down. This time with both feet on the sofa facing him, her knees dancing wide offering repetitive peeks up her shirt. Her pussy winking like a Chinese lover. "Stop looking." She said without so much as a glance at him himself. She just knew.
"Here we go. Fortune Kookies, look they have a goofy character in their advertisement. Any requests like I asked earlier?" She shows him the enlarged character of a Chinese Chef with the man holding his eyelids wider.
"Isn't that stereotypical? Gotta be racist right?"
"As long as the food is yummy in the tummy I don't care." In her fanning of her legs he could literally see not only her pussy but her lower belly.
"And, as long as they don't serve cats."
"QUIT LOOKING MACE!"
"QUIT SHOWING ME PIPER!!" he retaliated with equal volume, "You don't wanna see my chopstick so don't show me your kitty."
"You're horrible Mace."
"You started it Aunt Piper."
She dialed the number and awaited a response. On the other end a female voice replied with "You in luck, Fortune Kookie open. How help?" Trying not to laugh at the girl out of respect she said, "Hi! Grub Hub takeout and delivery please. I have a number for a certain driver to pick it up for me. Hang on one second."
Waving Mace to go get the number off the fridge in a hurry he hopped up and ran to get it. Racing back his nine inch beast was swatting flies. She peaked an eye brow at it then shook it off to take the card. "Jesse Manley is his name. 555-2868." She would laugh knowing those last four digits were linked to the letters C.U.N.T. but she didn't have a clue.
"I call. You order now." She replied.
"Perfect. I want an order of Kunt Poa Chicken." She said it on purpose grinning at Mace who stood next to her, his dick riding high and ferocious. Her eyes sneering at him he chuckled and stood his ground. "Add Chicken fried rice. Dim Cum...Sum!" She corrected herself swatting Mace away, he just swatted her back with nine inches of distraction. "Yes, both soy sauce and Duck sauce."
"Duck this." He swats at her making her avoid his tented penis slapping against her palm held out to quiet him as well as block her sight of it.
"Dammit, Mace!" She hissed trying to complete her order. "Yes Wanton."
"You wanton this." He pronounced it as want on this. She was getting angry at his persistence.
"Can you hold on another second please?" She lowers her cell, "Stop it right now. What do you want to eat?" He winks at her and lowers his gaze to her lap before saying, "Aunts Climbing a Tree. Oh, and Crab Rangoon."
"Is that even a thing?"
"Ask her."
"Do you have Ants in a Tree?"
"We have. You want?"
"Sure! If that's what my nephew wants. Sounds creepy though." She had no idea.
"Okay! You have thirty minutes. You pay now."
"Shoot! Go grab my puss...purse. Dammit!" She pointed to her bedroom. Mace bolted away again and brought Piper her wallet instead of the whole purse. Plucking out her credit card she purchased dinner. Once done she hung up on the woman and frowned at Mace standing beside her still. "I'm going to kick your ass Mace. Aunts on a tree?" She figured it out and tried to bag him in the balls but he avoided her laughing. "You better eat that shit now that I ordered it."
"Hey! You have a dirty mind too. I'm just trying to KEEP UP with your jokes." he jumped up and down in step letting his pecker move with each hop.
"You need to straighten up." He stood straight pointing his beast right at her. "Not what I meant. Go walk your dog." She fluttered her knuckles at him to go away. "I mean my dog. God I hate you."
"You love it." He laughs and moves to find Rotten's leash whistling for him to join him in the kitchen. Running past Piper the two of them left her alone. She sat there shaking her head.
"Fuck Me! That thing is huge." Try as she might it was hard to ignore. "Aunts climbing a tree. That was pretty good. So not gonna happen Nephew." Whew indeed, she still fanned herself
********
Just outside the door Mace and Rotten spotted Josie McKellen walking toward him barefoot in the grass. Meeting eyes Josie smiled warmly.
"I forgot bubble tea." He chuckled.
"Excuse me?' She looked confused. He was watching her tits bobbing beneath her tee as she approached. Bubbles indeed.
"Aunt Piper just ordered Chinese takeout. Bubble tea sounded yummy."
"I haven't had that in forever."
"You look gorgeous Mrs. McKellen. There's a glow about you."
"Aww! That's adorably sweet of you. No, I'm not watching you jerk off again so don't try and butter me up. And, for the record...my husband just gave me some."
"Nice! Doors open just go on in. Wines chilling in the fridge for you guys."
"Good! After today I need to get seriously drunk."
"Bad day? Piper said she had a good one. Got a date even."
"So I heard." In her mind she needed a date too. Just not with her husband. "Enjoy your...does that ever go down?" She realized he had a monster hard on.
"Not when you're around." He chuckled.
"Charmer. I'm going in."
"That's what he said."
"Cute! Bye Mace."
"Bye." He watched her perfect ass all the way to the door. "God I want that bitch."
Dream on. Cream on too.
"Will you go already." He snapped at Rotten.
That's what they said.
So not in his favor.