*This is part 3 of the beginning of a submissive story, this part begins as soon as part 2 ends so best to read them in order. This story has a small part of nonconsent/reluctance. It's only a few paragraphs but if you don't like that type then this is your forewarning. Please feel free to leave comments, good or bad.
A big thank you to deadeye_76 for editing this story for me.*
*****
The following day began as any other. Jamison got up and showered, ate breakfast, and got dressed. She put on a black camisole and a pair of blue skinny jeans with a black lace thong and no bra. As she headed to the door her phone buzzed. She pulled it out of her back pocket and saw it was from Zach.
"Good morning my sub, I hope you slept well. I know you have work today but I have a task for you before you go in. 1. Put on your shortest and lowest cut dress, no bra or panties. 2. Once you fix it how you like it, you cannot readjust it; if it rides up you have to deal with it. 3. Go to the adult video store in town and buy a We vibe. 4. Go back home, strip naked and text me. You will receive further instructions at that time. Understood?"
Jamison felt a tingle between her legs as she read the text. She quickly replied "Yes, sir," then ran back to her room to change.
It didn't take long for Jamison to strip and start going through her closet. She pulled out a black dress that barely covered her ass and showed off immense cleavage. Slipping into the dress, she fixed it how she liked it, and headed to the front door. She grabbed her purse and made her way to her car. As she climbed in a cool breeze brushed her pussy, drawing a little gasp.
Jamison drove to the local adult video store and pulled up front. Aside from her car there was 3 others in the small parking lot. As she walked inside she noticed just how high her dress had ridden up as she had driven and got out of the car. She knew the bottom of her ass cheeks were hanging out as she walked inside the store, but followed Zach's instructions and didn't make any adjustments.
Jamison opened the door and looked around. She spotted a middle aged man behind the counter who was very obviously wearing a toupee to hide his balding head. Around the rest of the store she spotted 3 other men, all apparently in their mid-30s, who were perusing the items in the store. Everyone's heads turned towards Jamison as she stepped inside the store. She smiled at them as she walked along the rows of toys looking for the We vibe and she could feel their eyes follow her.
Jamison finally came across what she was looking for and turned to begin to walk to the counter but quickly bumped into a man who was standing very close behind her.
"Oh! I'm so sorry. I didn't see you there!" Jamison said as she looked up at one of the men in his 30's.
"Oh, its no problem at all, I shouldn't have been standing so close. My name is Tyler by the way." The man replied, giving her a sly grin.
Tyler held out his hand, but as he looked down at her he never made eye contact, instead looking at her immense cleavage.
Jamison smiled, blushed slightly, and took his hand, shaking it. "My name is Jamison."
"So I see you grabbed a We vibe. Got a play partner lined up?" The man continued, leering at her.
"Yes." Jamison looked down and blushed more deeply as she replied to Tyler.
"How about this; I buy you that toy and we can play together. It's obvious you enjoy showing off your body." Tyler smirked as he gestured towards Jamison's chest.
"I'll have to pass, I'm fairly busy today." Jamison moved to walk around him.
Tyler blocked her way. "Oh come on, not even a quick minute so I can see your beautiful tits?" Tyler reached out and cupped Jamison's right breast in his hand as she tried to walk by.
Before Jamison could react and push his hand away Tyler found her nipple and pinched it between his index and thumb. Jamison gave a slight gasp before finally pushing his hand away and continuing to walk away from him at a brisk pace.
Jamison kept her head down as she walked to the counter, a little frazzled from the encounter as she put the toy up on the counter.
"I'm sorry about that guy back there. Not all guys in these shops are that bad, I promise," The man behind the counter told Jamison as he rang up the toy.
"I'm sure not everyone is bad but it's my first time in a store like this so it's going to leave a bit of a sour taste in my mouth." Jamison replied as she stuck her credit card chip first into the machine to pay.
"Well, I hope to see you back sometime soon." The man smiled as he bagged the toy, put the receipt in the bag and handed it to Jamison.
Jamison smiled at the man as she took the bag. "Thank you, have a nice day."
Jamison turned to leave the store and she looked back but never saw Tyler as she left. She carefully looked around outside but didn't see him anywhere so she proceeded to her car, which was parked in the end spot by the wood line. As she faced her car and reached into her purse to grab her keys, she saw Tyler's reflection in her car window. She spun around quickly to face him, a startled expression on her face.
"Oh, I'm sorry, I didn't mean to scare you, I just wanted to see if you would reconsider my offer from inside," Tyler said, his eyes obviously glued to Jamisons chest.
"No, I don't think I will. Now if you don't mind I have somewhere to be." Jamison quickly opened the backdoor to her car and tossed her purse and bag inside before closing it.
"Well what if I gave you a little taste of my offer?" Tyler moved forward, pressing his body against hers, pinning Jamison against the car.
With his left hand, Tyler quickly grabbed the top of Jamisons dressed and pulled it down, exposing her perky tits. At the same time his right hand went under her dress to her slightly spread legs and covered her pussy.
"Oh, no panties. You are a naughty girl." Tyler smirked as he rubbed circles around Jamison's clit.
Jamison, shocked and unable to move at first, tried to yell out but all that escaped her lips was a moan. Her submissive side wanted nothing more than to enjoy it while the other part of her brain screamed at her to resist.
"See I knew you would enjoy it." Tyler smirked as he bent over, took Jamison's left nipple in his mouth and began sucking and nibbling.
As another moan escaped Jamisons mouth it took all the strength she had to resist and push him back. Once he had a step back she lifted and planted her right foot on his stomach, and shoved as hard as she could, knocking him onto his ass in the wood line.
"Stay the hell away from me you damn pervert!" Jamison yelled as she quickly hopped in her car.
Before Tyler even had a chance to get up Jamison backed the car out of the parking spot and left. As frazzled as she was from the whole ordeal she still followed Zach's orders. She drove home with her tits out and dress up to her waist.
As Jamison arrived home she went inside quickly. Once the door was shut, she stripped naked as ordered, and went to her living room, toy in hand. She plopped down on the couch and opened the box to set up the toy.
"I'm back home with the toy and naked as you requested sir." Jamison hit send on the text and set her phone aside.
A few moments later she received a text back from Zach. "Good girl. Did it go smoothly?"
"Not exactly..." Jamison went on to explain what happened with Tyler before setting the phone down once more.
A few minutes passed before Zach finally responded. "I see... did you enjoy his grabbing? Did you have a strong urge to let him keep going?"
Jamison thought for a moment before finally replying. "Well... yes... a little bit. I did moan a couple times."
Jamison hit send and worked on figuring out how to set up the We vibe. Once she figured it out she quickly sent Zach what he needed to access it on his phone.
"Good girl, now put the toy in your pussy and let me know when you're ready."
Jamison did as instructed, sliding the thin part inside her pussy and bending it so it stayed in place.
"Ok, it's in." Jamison replied before setting her phone down and laying back on the couch.
A couple minutes later the toy came to life with a low buzz. Jamison sucked in a deep breath from the surprise before trying to relax and enjoy it. The low buzz slowly grew to what she presumed was the highest vibration before going back down to the lowest.
Jamison's phone went off a couple seconds later with a text from Zach. "So how is it?"
"It feels great. I love it so far." Jamison replied, still reclined on the couch.
"Good girl, now remove it and lick it clean. Put it on charge for the rest of the time that you are home before work. It will be coming along with you." Zach replied.
"Yes sir." Jamison quickly replied before removing it and cleaning her juices off it with her tongue.
She went through the box and grabbed the charger. She plugged it in and set it on the kitchen counter to charge. Jamison then went back into the living room and laid down to watch a little TV.
Jamison laid there for a little over an hour until another text from Zach came across her phone.
"Tonight when you get ready for work, no bra, but you can wear panties because you will have your new toy under them, understand?" Jamison read the message, feeling a tingle of excitement run through her.
"Yes sir," She replied with a smile on her face.
A couple minutes passed before her phone buzzed again.
"Also, since you enjoyed Tyler playing with you, the next time a man tries that, let him. Let him enjoy that body of yours. Once they begin touching you in any way, the word 'no' is no longer in your vocabulary. Do I make myself clear?"
Jamison had to re-read the text 3 times, shocked by it but also oddly turned on by it. "Yes sir, you are clear," she replied, nervous as to what the future may hold.
A couple hours passed before it was time for work. Finally, it was time, so Jamison hopped up and went to her room to get dressed. She grabbed a red button up shirt, blue panties and tan pants before getting dressed. She grabbed her purse and headed for the door before seeing the toy on the counter. Not wanting to disappoint she unbuttoned her pants and slid the toy under her panties before sliding one end into her pussy. She adjusted her hips and moved around a little to make sure it sat right before re-buttoning her pants and heading to her car. Once in her car Jamison sent Zach a quick text.
"In my car and heading to work now. Toy is in place as you instructed." Jamison hit send before setting her phone down and backing out of the driveway and heading to work.
As Jamison drove, the toy came to life with a low buzz. Even on low it felt amazing, one end resting on her G-spot while the other on her clit. Soft moans escaped her lips as the buzzing intensified while she drove.
Once Jamison pulled into the parking lot she sent Zach a quick text letting him know she was at work. As much as she wanted to stay in her car and enjoy the buzz, she climbed out to walk in, wobbling slightly from the stimulation.
Inside the store the buzzing subsided for awhile, giving Jamison plenty of time to clock in and get behind her desk for work. The next time the buzzing started she was helping a customer. She bit her lower lip as she held back moans and clenched her thighs together enjoying the buzz as best she could. After the customer left, Jamison sat down in the chair behind her with her legs spread open. She bit down on her tongue to hold back moans as she got close.
Just as Jamison was about to cum the buzzing stopped. She crossed her legs and bounced her leg frantically trying to get the sensation back but to no avail. In frustration she stood back up and walked to the counter waiting on someone else to come up. As she waited she picked up her phone and texted Zach.
"Tease," she sent before closing her phone and setting it back down as another customer walked up.
As Jamison helped the customer she heard her phone buzz with a text message but ignored it until she finished. Once the customer walked away she picked up her phone to read the text.
"Oh, I'm the tease? I think you fit that category a lot better then I. On your break go out into the store and find a zip up sweater, buy it, then go outside by your car. Open the door, DO NOT GET INSIDE and take off your shirt and put on the sweater, zipped up. Understood?"
"Yes sir," she replied, a bit nervously. But she knew she asked for it by calling him a tease.
The next hour consisted of helping customers while the toy came to life for a few minutes then shut off again, leaving Jamison soaked and annoyed from not being able to cum.
Once it was time for Jamison's break she did as instructed. She went out and found a zip up sweater and bought it. She walked outside to her car, and before opening the driver door, took a look around. Seeing no one she quickly unbuttoned her shirt, took it off, and put on the jacket. Zipping it up she closed the door to her vehicle and headed back inside to finish her break.
As Jamison sat down behind the counter she sent Zach a quick text letting him know she had changed and did so according to his instructions. A few moments later she received a text back.
"Good girl, now listen carefully and let these words and instructions burn into your brain. While you work and help customers, if you have any physical contact with them at all, even handing back money and your finger brushes theirs, lower the zipper on your jacket slightly for each touch. You cannot raise it ever. Once you leave work, as soon as you step outside the door however low the zipper is, double that length. Even if that means it will be fully unzipped and your tits will be on full display. However it ends up, you must walk to your car and drive home like that. Understood?"
Jamison read the text and was interested by it. "Yes sir," she quickly replied.
Once her break was over she tucked her phone in her back pocket and walked to the counter. After her first customer the toy came back to life, buzzing harder than it had previously. She crossed her legs tight and bit her lip as she helped the next customer. As she grew close the toy switched off once again denying her the release she desperately needed.
A few more customers came and went, and only 2 had any physical contact. This meant that a little bit of her upper chest was now visible, but no cleavage as of yet. Another hour passed by, and a few more touches meant that a small amount of cleavage was visible.
Jamison stood at the counter waiting for another customer to approach when the toy kicked on high. As she held back a moan she noticed someone walk in the front door. Her eyes widened as she realized it was Tyler, the guy from the adult store. She quickly sat down behind the counter to stay hidden as she fought off an orgasm that was building quickly. As she got close the toy cut off as expected and another customer walked up.
Jamison helped the man all while keeping an eye out for Tyler. As the man left Jamison took one last look before sitting, and in that quick look she spotted Tyler and he made eye contact.
"Shit!" Jamison was hoping he didn't recognize her.
"Knock knock, anyone back there?" Jamison heard the voice and instantly knew it was Tyler.
As much as she wanted to run or hide she stood up and approached the counter.
"Well, fancy seeing you here, nice to see that even at work you show off a little bit of skin." Tyler smiled as he gestured towards the cleavage Jamison had showing.
"What do you want?" Jamison asked, a little irritated.
"Now is that any way to talk to a customer? All I wanted to do was stop by and say hello to a beautiful lady I met earlier today, and that is how you react? I'm disappointed." Tyler responded with a smile, sarcasm filling his voice as he spoke.
"Oh, I'm sorry about that, how can I help you today sir?" Jamison asked, strong sarcasm in her voice.
"Well, there is a lot you can help me with but nothing while standing right here. So I must ask, how is the toy you bought earlier today? Does it suit your needs? I hope you have it in right now." Tyler smiled towards Jamison as he leaned on the counter.
"That's none of your business," Jamison replied as she stood there, cross-armed.
Remembering what Zach told her earlier she wanted to avoid any touches from Tyler so she sat back down in the chair, out of reach.
"Now if you will excuse me I have work to do." Jamison spun to face away from him and towards a computer to work on.
"Oh come on now, we both know you enjoyed earlier. Don't try and hide it." Tyler smiled as he stared at Jamison.
"That doesn't matter, I should have called the cops on you." Jamison spun in the chair to face him as she talked.
"Now now, no need to get feisty with me. We were just having a little bit of fun." Tyler smiled before he saw another guy walk up behind him.
"Oh excuse me, I'm just talking to my girlfriend here, come on up." Tyler smiled as he stepped to the side for the man.
Jamison stepped up to the counter, giving Tyler a death stare for that comment. She was standing closer to Tyler then she wished to as she helped the man. While she helped the new guy the toy kicked on low, and Jamison managed it well as she continued her work, though all this edging had left her panties completely soaked.
The buzz stopped just as the man walked away and Jamison stood at the counter for a moment, her fingers intertwined on the counter. She turned to go sit back down but before her hands left the counter she felt a hand on top of them. Her heart sank as she looked back and saw Tyler's hand on hers.
"C'mon hun, we both know you enjoyed it earlier, wouldn't you love to continue it?" Tyler asked as his hand rested on Jamison's.
Zach's earlier command echoed in her mind, "Once they begin touching you in any way, the word 'no' is no longer in your vocabulary." Jamison's mind raced as she thought of a way to get the point across but not say no.
"You and I both know the answer to that already." She pulled her hands out from under his but didn't leave the counter.
"How about this then, because I know you enjoyed it but don't want to admit it, I'll give you some time to think it over. I assume you get off at 10 because that's when the store closes. Once you get off and go to leave, come over to the bowling alley to meet me there. If you show up then I know you want some fun, if you don't then I will stop bothering you. Deal?" Tyler held out his hand for a handshake hoping Jamison would take it.
Ready for the conversation to be over Jamison reached out and took hold of Tyler's hand to shake it. "Deal."
"I'll see you and that sweet body of yours at the bowling alley later." Tyler smiled confidently as he turned to walk away.
As Tyler left Jamison turned to sit down, unzipping her jacket enough for both touches. She picked up her phone and sent Zach a text explaining what happened and what Tyler proposed. A few minutes later her phone buzzed with a return text.
"Since you have been a good girl so far, I'll give you 2 options. First, you can go home after work and not go see Tyler, although you will not be permitted to have sex for a week and I will continue using the toy on you. Second, go and meet him at the bowling alley and have fun, which will allow you to have fun during the next week. But remember the word 'no' doesn't exist for you while there."
Jamison read the message before setting her phone down unsure of what to do.
As the evening went on, she avoided any touches from customers to keep her zipper jacket where it was, showing off a fair amount of cleavage but nothing bad. 10pm came quickly which forced Jamison to make a decision. As she gathered her things to leave she sent Zach a quick text asking him if she could zip her jacket up before meeting Tyler again. As she was leaving he replied, agreeing to it.
Once Jamison stepped out the front door she followed Zach's rule and doubled the length of how far the zipper was down. As she walked to her car the zipper was half unzipped, showing off the curvature of each breast nicely. Once in the car Jamison took a deep breath and texted Zach letting him know she was going to the bowling alley.
As Jamison pulled out on the main road the toy kicked to life once more on a low buzz. A five minute drive later and she was pulling into the bowling alley parking lot. Parking her car, she sent Zach a text saying she was here. The buzzing stopped and she received a text.
"Have fun, and remember the word 'no' is not in your dictionary tonight."
Jamison read the text, took a deep breath, zipped her jacket up all the way, and got out of her car to walk inside. Her heart was beating like crazy as she opened the door and stepped inside. Once inside she looked around and spotted Tyler by the bar before making her way over to him.
As Jamison approached from the side he turned to greet her.
"Hello, my dear, glad to see you decided to join me." Tyler smiled as he stood up and held out his hand.
Jamison smiled weakly as she took his hand to shake it.
Tyler stepped to the side of Jamison and put his arm around her shoulders and began walking with her towards the end of a bowling lane. "Are you any good at bowling?"
"I'm decent at it." Jamison replied as she walked with him, his arm still around her shoulders.
"Would you care to make a bet on this game then?" Tyler smiled as he took took a seat.
"That would all depend on what the winner and loser gets," Jamison replied, taking a seat next to Tyler.
"Well if I win I get access to that toy you bought today for 24 hours. If you win you have the option to leave here and never speak to me again if you choose." Tyler leaned back and put an arm around Jamison.
"Mmm, sure let's make the deal." Jamison smiled as she held out her hand to Tyler.
Tyler took her hand with a smile and shook it. "We have a deal."
"Now I do have one quick thing to tell you. I am submissive but I do have a Dom. I'm actually wearing that toy right now and my Dom has the controls on his phone." Jamison felt better once she got this off her chest, she just didn't know what Tyler would do with the information.
Tyler was silent a minute before finally speaking. "So he knows you are here and is ok with it?"
"Yes he knows. Before I decided if I was even going to show up I ran it by him and he said it was ok if I came here or went back home."
"Well then let's get to bowling so I can get control of that toy!" Tyler stated happily as he stood up, unzipping Jamisons jacket halfway down in the process.
Jamison quickly zipped her jacket back up but not before Tyler got a look at her tits once again.
"Ooooh, topless under the jacket I see. You really do want me to have easy access don't you?" Tyler laughed as he entered both their names in the system for bowling.
Jamison never replied because all she wanted to say was no and she couldn't say that. All she did was stand up and walk next to Tyler as he entered the names. Once the names were entered Tyler went first, ending up with a spare.
"Not too bad," Tyler stated as he walked back over to Jamison.
Jamison stepped up and bowled, only ending up with a 9 for the frame.
"Oh, one step closer to the toy being mine!" Tyler smiled as Jamison stood beside him.
"This is only the first frame, calm down," Jamison stated as she crossed her arms.
The next few frames went by with Tyler and Jamison going back and forth. By the 5th frame Jamison was ahead by only a few pins but in the 6th frame Tyler inched ahead.
"It's a lot closer then I'd thought it would be, though I know I'm going to win this!" Tyler strutted proudly and as he stepped past Jamison he grabbed her ass for a moment.
After Jamison bowled she sent Zach a quick text telling him about Tyler grabbing her. Just before her next frame Zach texted her back.
"Whenever he does do not pull away, do not tell him to stop, just let him do it."
Jamison wasn't quite happy with the response but didn't have much of a choice in the matter. By the end of the 9th frame Tyler barely held the lead, and by the end of the last frame it was a tie.
"Well, that isn't quite what I expected," Tyler said as he laughed walking towards Jamison.
"Yeah, so who wins now?" Jamison cocked her head slightly to the left.
"Well, obviously I'm the winner. The man always wins." Tyler smiled as he rested his hands on Jamison's hips.
"Oh, the man always wins? I don't remember that rule being set." Jamison said with a smirk as she placed her hands on her hips just above Tyler's.
"That's an unspoken rule in any rule-making between a man and a woman, you didn't know that?" Tyler laughed as he stepped closer, Jamison's tits pressed against his chest.
"No, I didn't know that. I've always heard the woman is always right." Jamison smiled up at him, wanting to step away but Zach's rule keeping her from it.
"No, that's only for dating, that doesn't apply here." Tyler smiled down at her as one of his hands reached up and unzipped her jacket enough to show off a good amount of cleavage. "And besides, judging by how different you're acting now compared to earlier, I'd say your Dom told you to not say the word 'no' and not pull away from me. Am I right?" Tyler asked with the sly smile as both his hands cupped Jamison's ass.
Jamison's eyes widened as she realized Tyler had figured it all out. "You must be smarter then I gave you credit for, and yes he did."
"So in reality I could take you back to my place and fuck your brains out if I wanted to, could I not?" Tyler asked as he squeezed Jamisons ass.
"I suppose you could," Jamison replied, becoming nervous.
"But unlike what you think of me I wouldn't do that. I will admit I was out of line back at the store, so I do apologize for that, but that still doesn't mean I wouldn't love to fuck you one day. I just recognized your submissiveness and wanted to play a little." Tyler smiled as he stepped back from Jamison.
"Well I thank you for that. I guess I judged you too quickly." Jamison smiled feeling relieved.
Stepping to her purse Jamison grabbed her phone and texted Zach what happened. Never zipping her jacket back up left Tyler with a great view down at her chest, and he didn't miss a chance to stare. Zach quickly texted back asking for Tyler's number.
Jamison found it odd, but asked Tyler for it before sending it to him. It wasn't long before Tyler's phone rang and he stepped away from Jamison. She nervously waited on the bench for Tyler to return, which felt like an eternity.
Before too long Tyler returned and took a seat next to Jamison. Without saying a word he took her phone and entered his phone number into it and saved it under his name. Next he turned to face her, a more serious face.
"Do you enjoy me grabbing you, unzipping your jacket, and doing stuff along those lines? I want 100% honesty here, the not saying no rule does not apply here."
Jamison studied his face for a solid minute, unsure how to answer him. She finally replied. "Yes I do enjoy it even though I pretend I don't."
"Good to hear. From what Zach said, as long as you admitted that you enjoy it, I'm allowed to grab and grope you as much as I please, whenever I see you. He said I'm basically here to keep you stimulated while you and he aren't playing."
"Well that took a turn I didn't expect." Jamison laughed as she leaned back in her seat.
"It surprised me too, but I'm not complaining." Tyler laughed as he reached over, and grabbed one of Jamisons tits for a quick second.
Jamison just smiled at him before grabbing her purse. "Well we had our game, I think it's time I go home." She stated.
"Awww you want to leave me and all my groping that you love so much?" Tyler teased.
"Never said that, just figured it was time I head home." Jamison giggled as she stood up, Zipping her jacket back up to hide her chest.
"Fine, if we must, but you have to leave these puppies out." Tyler smirked as he stood up and unzipped Jamison's jacket once more, showing off a good amount of cleavage.
Jamison rolled her eyes at him as she turned to walk towards the door, extra cleavage on display and Tyler alongside. Once outside in the dark parking lot, Tyler reached in front of Jamison and unzipped her jacket all the way so that her tits were free to the world. Jamison just ignored him as she walked to her car as if nothing was out of the ordinary.
"You seem like a natural at showing off your tits. I'd almost say you love it." Tyler laughed as he grabbed both of her tits and held them in his hands.
"At this point I would consider myself a bit of an exhibitionist." Jamison smiled at him as he continued to hold her tits in his hands, squeezing them now. She felt safer now after his discussion with Zach.
"Oh really? Well in that case give me your jacket, you won't be needing that." Tyler smirked as he helped pull her jacket off leaving her completely topless.
Jamison just rolled her eyes and smiled as he pinched both her nipples until they were hard and then took a small step back. "As much as I enjoy playing with those I'll let you go home. I had fun today playing with you. Have a good night."
"I'm glad you had fun, have a good night yourself and catch you later." Jamison climbed into her car before cranking it up and pulling out of the parking lot.
On her drive home she enjoyed being topless, all the headlights and streetlights lighting up her chest as she passed them but also knowing no one could see her. Once home she grabbed her purse and went inside her house for the night; a long hot bath and a good night's sleep in her near future.