Sasha needed some help with her life science class.
Her professor was adamant about each student doing their own research and she had put it off long enough. The deadline was approaching and she knew it would be costly to her overall grade if it was not completed soon. But the questions dealt with things that she was uncomfortable with. She thought about faking her research and just making up results and answers to the questions she was required to ask. As an Asian female she had been raised in a protected world and naive in matters of sexuality. She could not even fake the answers properly. Sasha thought of something she could do. She had recently made a male friend in the art department. Their meeting was quite by chance as she inadvertently walked into the drawing studio as he was dressing after a modeling session for a life drawing class. He was nude from the waist up and wearing only a black pair of briefs. She was certainly embarrassed but his easy manner and poise calmed her.
"Sorry that I may have surprised you. I am not a pervert but a model for the art classes."
He smiled at her and went on, "I am so out of shape and it may be better to turn away and not look at me."
She had to smile now and assure him it was her mistake.
"I got the wrong room and am sorry to have intruded on you."
She couldn't help but notice his fine features, both his chiseled jawline and blond hair, and his trim tight torso. She wanted to do no such thing as turn away. There was a nice bulge in his briefs that showed the outline of his cock, which she dared only glance at. His presence was causing her to blush and her golden tan and glowing skin now had a pink blush added to it.
"I am Robert and it is strange meeting like this but I would like to be friends."
He held out his hand and she lightly held it.
"I am Sasha"
"If you have a few minutes we could go to have a cup of coffee or something."
She hesitated but then as his blue eyes met hers she agreed. He finished dressing and they left.
They had a very nice talk enjoying the usual "get to know each other" topics. Robert suggested they meet again and they exchanged cell numbers. That had been 3 weeks ago and no contact had been made since. Sasha felt a bit awkward as to ask him now for this favor. But Robert seemed worldly wise and easy to talk to even about such a delicate a subject as male sexuality. It took all of her courage but she called him. He was so wonderful on the phone and apologized for not calling her but had been out of town.
"Of course I will help you. When do you want to meet?"
With her deadline approaching she asked to meet the next evening at his apartment to which she agreed.
Sasha arrived promptly at 7 and he warmly greeted her with soft kiss on the cheek and a hug. It helped relax her immediately as the tension of the asking such questions had her on edge. She always wore limited make up, just some deep red lip gloss and dressed in a dark pair of jeans and a tight black tee, probably a carryover from her goth days. She never wore a bra and felt her nipple tips stiffen after the hug. He was casually dressed in grey work out shorts and a blue tee.
"So how is this going to work? You have a series of questions to ask me, that are somewhat personal?"
"Yes I do Robert. It is a clinical questionnaire from my life science class about human sexuality. I need to ask you about your sexuality as a male."
Sasha lowered her eyes a little now. He got a quizzical look for a moment , then smiled.
"I am all yours Sasha. Ask anything you want."
They sat opposite each other on the sofa and Sasha had her note book and question sheet out.
"I hope you will not be embarrassing to you, Robert. I will tell you it is embarrassing for me."
He wanted to set her at ease and replied, "I don't embarrass very easily. After all I model nude in front of strangers regularly."
This made her smile. She had considered that when she asked him to help her.
She began the interview. The first part was simply some physical background information. She needed his height, weight, coloring and age. The questions then moved into a more details and focused on individual physical information.
"Are you circumcized?" she quickly asked.
He pretended to pull his shorts down and quipped, "Let me check for you."
She had to laugh and responded, "I will take your word for it."
She found him very easy to be with. Robert looked over at her and noted what an exotic beauty she was. Her smile was a delight as her dark eyes brightened her whole face. Her coloring appealed to him with the glowing tan skin and dark hair. He could see her nipples poking through her tee.
"I am circumcized . Yes."
"Do you like the way you look there?"
He hesitated and thoughtfully answered, "Yeah I think I like my cock as it is. Sometimes I look at myself in a mirror and look it over. I am all out there nothing hidden. And my drawing students seem OK with it."
Sasha felt herself blush at him referring to his cock and went on.
"How large is it? Do you know the length and width it might be in inches?"
"How accurate do I need to be?" he responded.
She really felt herself blushing now and did not know what to say.
"I will tell you what Sasha. Let's stop skirting around now here. I am not uncomfortable being nude with you and you can find many answers out for yourself. Are you OK with that?"
Sasha was in a dazed frame of mind and heard herself say, "Sure that would be OK."
It was as if someone else had answered for her. Robert stood up from the sofa and pulled his grey shorts off. He wore black briefs under them which he pulled off revealing his long cock. He pulled his blue tee off and was now completely nude for her.
"This will simplify things now."
She felt a rush of warmth on her face and a shortness of breath for a second. His body was spectacular, just the type she always fantasized about. His tanned torso was tight and lean, well muscled with a light covering of downy blond hair over it. His nipples stood our hard now and his golden skin shone in the lamp light.
She could see the untanned area around his trimmed blond pubic hair where the skin was a milky white. It excited to her to see his secret place where the sun never touched. His cock was arched upward slightly, semi erect. The head was a richer color than the shaft and tinted with a blue violet hue different from anywhere else on his body.
His balls pushed against the sack and were smooth, free of any hair. They hung loosely dangling below his shaft. It aroused her to see this and she lost her track of asking the questions. He picked up on it and wanted to help her.
"So as you can see when you ask the size of my cock it depends on many factors. Having you look at it now is giving me a hard on. Is that the size you want to know?"
She looked down and saw what he meant. The head and shaft were pointing up ward, rigid with the blood vessels shown prominently along the underside of his cock. All these details over whelmed her and a tingling went through her body.
"You mean me looking at it caused you to get hard?"
"Yes I find when a sexy woman looks intently at my cock I get aroused. Sometimes it happens when I am posing."
She liked him thinking of her as sexy and felt her nipples grow harder.
She looked back at her list of questions.
"How often do you masturbate?"
He smiled with that question and coyly responded, "If this keeps up you may get to witness that yourself."
to be continued...