Lori kissed me good-bye as she left with Vanessa. "Don't work too hard. You need to save your energy!"
I wasn't working but I did have a few things to do.
Meeting up with Eric, we picked up our tuxes then drove to his house and played basketball and video games the rest of the day.
Around three, we split and agreed to meet at the hotel by seven.
Lori had locked me out of our room and had moved my clothes to my old room. OK.
I spent way too long in the shower but I wanted to make sure I was groomed as Lori wanted; shaving 'down there' is not easy!
Yeah, I know it's a rite of passage and even though I looked great in my tux, I still felt incredibly overdressed.
Dad smiled. Mom loved it. Then Lori came downstairs.
I was breathless.
Her dress was a strapless shimmering hot pink that flowed into an almost knee length pleated pink skirt. She avoided the normal, overly elaborate, prom hairstyles, settling on a ponytail thick with curls and, surprisingly, pink highlights. And, of course, she had her customary hot pink lip-gloss and hot pink nails with matching low-heeled sandals.
"Close your mouth, Michael." prompted Mom. "You too, Harold. Lori you look stunning!" she said, walking forward. "These two idiots would agree if their mouths weren't hanging open.
Lori laughed as she walked over to me. Gods, she was beautiful. "You changed your dress." I said, as she fiddled with my collar. I'm pretty sure there was nothing wrong with it but it allowed me to breathe in her scent.
"You didn't really think I was going to let you see it before tonight, did you." she asked, kissing my cheek.
I heard Mom taking pictures before she hustled us into the living room to pose in front of the fireplace. Several pictures later, we were reassuring Mom and Dad we'd be safe as we walked out the door.
We drove to her parents to endure the same. Her sister, Paula, was there and she talked to Lori for a few minutes before we left. I made sure to look at Lori before catching Paula's eyes and telling her 'Thank you'. Lori punched me in the arm. Paula's eyes got big then she grew a devilish smile. "Oh, you're welcome. Lori's told me some of it. You are a naughty boy!" Laughing, she walked back inside.
"I didn't say much!" she protested. "I just mentioned that night on the lease road and, uh, that you cum a lot." she finished sheepishly, "a lot." and licked her lips.
Glancing at the clock, it was just after five. We were right on schedule.
"What do you have planned?" she asked
"Dinner at Ted's then check into the hotel."
"That's not what I mean. Besides, I'm not hungry." she stated.
"Not even for Ted's? I thought it was your favorite."
"Well, I am hungry." she said slyly, "I can't wait to eat you." Damn! I began to worry that we wouldn't make it to Prom! Reaching over, I made a show of making she was still buckled in.
"Let's skip dinner and go to the hotel," she suggested.
"No." It was tempting, "If we get there this early you know we won't leave."
Lori pouted and I had to agree but I slowed way down. If we weren't having dinner, I was going to have to take the long way.
"Really, what do you have planned?" she asked again.
"Are you going to tell me your surprise?" I countered.
"Maybe." then with a worried tone in her voice, "Mike, if I did something stupid you'd forgive me, right?"
"Sure. I mean, it's not like you cheated on me." I joked.
"NO! I could never do that! It's just that...you'll see." and stared out the window. She seemed really anxious. I wanted to press but knew that she would tell me when she was ready.
We drove for a few miles in silence before I asked. "What's the deal with Brittany and Brooke?"
Glad for the change in topic, Lori grinned, "They're 'experimenting'."
The image flashed through my head of them kissing but I couldn't imagine any more. Brittany was such a 'girly girl' and Brooke was almost as bad and always so proper! They were both very attractive but neither had dated much. "Details?"
"Brittany had that pool party a few weeks ago, right?" Brittany's parents had an enclosed, heated pool that was almost a hot tub at times. "Apparently, right after we left, Brittany stripped off her bikini and jumped back in! She told Brooke that since it was just them, they could finally go skinny-dipping. Brooke says she freaked and ran into the bathroom. She said that she'd been wanting to ask Brittany out for a while but to seeing her naked, she panicked. A couple of minutes later Brittany was knocking on the door, telling her she was sorry. Brooke finally opened the door and Brittany had put on a robe." Lori paused.
"AND?!?" I prompted.
"What's the surprise?" she asked, unbuckling and sliding across the seat before casually placing her hand on my thigh. I had to put both hands on the wheel or I know we would have wrecked. "Tell me at least a little bit! Please?"
"If you tell me yours." she nodded and began rubbing my leg. "I rented a limo to take us to and from the prom."
Lori squealed in delight! "That is soo cool! EVERYONE'S going to want to have a ride!" I thought 'You better hope not.' knowing what else I had planned.
"So?" I prompted.
"Hmmm? Oh! Yeah. You're, uh, you're OHHHH! I can't tell you!"
Sigh. I knew it would be worth it. "So....Brittany?"
"I promise you'll like at least one of my surprises." then more softly "I HOPE you like the other one."
"Brittany?" I prompted.
"OH! It wasn't like they started making out or anything. They just kinda stood there and talked."
"Uh, that's kind of a let down." I said.
"Why? Does 'lesbo love' turn you on?" she joked.
"I thought you said they were doing stuff."
"Very few of our friends fuck on the first date like we did."
"True but this was weeks ago!" I couldn't believe she had built this up and that was it.
Giggling, "OK. They didn't fool around that night. Brooke told Brittany it was ok and them after cleaning up they sat around talking. Seems like she's wanted to ask Brittany out for a while but she kept chickening out. She didn't know what to do so she finally just blurted it out. Brittany didn't say anything so Brooke stood up to leave when Brittany grabbed her hand and kissed her!" Lori looked at me, "Don't you dare tell anyone but Brooke said she almost came just from the kiss! They talked some more before getting dressed and Brooke had to go home."
"Wow! So they're...what?" I asked.
"They've gone to each other's houses but not really 'out'. Except, they did go see a movie one night and even saw us! Although, I don't think they knew it."
I remembered it very well and I couldn't wait to do it again. "You didn't tell them it as you?"
"Nope! Brooke told me that they picked the movie for pretty much the same reason we did, they didn't think they'd run into anyone they knew. Brittany said that hearing 'that girl' turned them on so much that night that they decided to go to the next step. They had been touching and feeling but nothing big. That night Brooke got Brittany off in a BIG way. Since then, Brittany's wanted to say something but Brooke has held her back. Yesterday was a giant step for Brooke. Neither one is sure if they're, like, lesbians but they are having a good time."
Neither one of us had ever had any big hang-ups about people being gay but then we really never knew someone who was. Brooke and Britt, the 'Bs', were both two of our closest friends so it was kinda neat.
"Maybe you can put on a show for them again." I commented.
"Maybe." she said noncommittally.
"Maybe, tonight. Wouldn't you like them to see you naked, riding around in the limo?" I didn't know what would happen but it wouldn't hurt to start the build-up now.
"I don't know. It might freak them out." Her hand had really started roaming on my legs. It was obvious that she was excited by the thought.
We were almost to the hotel. I hadn't noticed but I had sped up while we talked. The clock read 5:45. Not too early. I told Lori to get back in her seat before she caused an accident. Laughing, she promised to clean it up but slid back to her side.
I had to show both IDs to prove we weren't underage. We were on the fourth floor.
Lori was beside herself with excitement then had me carry her in, as if we were just married!
She ran through the rooms and I heard her scream "We have a hot tub!!" before continuing exploring. I turned on the TV and surfed the channels. When she returned, she said, "This place is big enough for all our friends! We should tell Brittany to cancel her party and join us here!"
"Oh? And how would you feel if they all heard you screaming as we had sex?" I responded.
Lori walked over and put her hands on my dick. "With this in me, who fucking cares?" she started to rub against me but I stopped her with the reminder that we would never make it to Prom if she started something.
"I DON'T CARE!" she whined. "I need you inside me!" I barely caught her as she dropped to her knees.
"NO!" then more gently, "No." pulling her to her feet, "I promise you a night you will not forget but you will not miss your Senior Prom." I held her to me and kissed her. "I'm planning on making you too sore to walk and let you scream until you're hoarse but that's AFTER Prom."
She moaned and slumped against me, I checked the time. Just after six. I decided to call the limo service and told them we were ready. We had 15 minutes to kill. "Show me around." I suggested. I had stopped in the front room and let her explore.
Lori walked towards the bar area "This," she spread her arms "is the bar." She spun around and leaned over it. "Notice how it's the perfect height to bend me over and fuck me against?" I chuckled. She got up and walked into the 'spare' bedroom. I followed. She was lying on the bed with her hands between her legs. "The extra room! The bed is firm enough to support you on top of me, fucking my tight little pussy!" Rolling off the bed, she took my hand, pulling me towards the master bedroom. Leading me to the 'master bath', she climbed into the empty Jacuzzi and sat down leaning back "Here you could soak and relax after we, you know, 'do it' " she winked at me then put her finger on her chin as if thinking, "I'll bet I could practice my underwater blowjob technique, hmmmmm."
Climbing out, she dragged me into our bedroom, waiving me over to the windows. "What do you think?" pressing up against me. "You could strip me naked, right here, in front of the window" she bit my earlobe and whispered "and fuck me so all those people out there could see and watch."
I stepped away because her hands had started to roam and it was getting harder to resist. Giving me a knowing smile, she moved to the bed, "Finally, here you're going to slam you huge cock into my cunt! I bet you'll make me scream so loud they're gonna call the police just to make sure you aren't killing me." Lying on the bed, she gestured back towards where we had come "Over there, past the hot tub, is a bathroom for tomorrow, when you need to brush your teeth before fucking me again. This concludes the tour." she growled.
Lori looked ready to leap but I was saved by the phone. The limo had arrived. I had gotten a sweet deal on the limo by booking it several weeks ago in anticipation of our group using it.
We walked out and the driver was standing by the rear door. He looked to be in his mid-twenties and had the whole chauffeur getup including the hat. We both must have looked like the hicks we were. The driver introduced himself as Anthony and would 'be at our service' for the night.
I presented my ID as Lori hung on my arm. Anthony opened the door, allowing us to get in. Lori stepped in and there followed several 'OH MY GOD!'s and 'NO WAY' and 'LOOK AT THIS!' I stopped to say that we had friends joining us around seven. He was the complete professional with a "Very good, sir." Yeah, I was impressed.
Climbing in after Lori, I had to admit I was blown away! Seats down one side and part of the other. A complete non-stocked wet bar (DAMN!) It also had a small ice chest with bottled water. There was even a little private sitting area in the back. The roof had mirrors with neon lights everywhere! I was so overwhelmed that I nearly missed the two TVs! I needed one of these.
Lori almost bowled me over hugging me!
As we pulled away, I told her "OK. Time for surprise Number Three."
"There's MORE?" she cried.
Laughing, "At least for me. We'll see what you think. Dress, OFF." I commanded.
Her eyes widened in misunderstanding then she grinned. Unzipping her dress, she semi-stood and shimmied out of it. I was right: no bra. Her perfect breasts popped into view and then jiggled and bounced as she pulled the dress down. With it almost off, she suddenly stopped. Looking at me, she winked then sat across from me and finished pulling it off and laid it on the seat next to her. She had on what looked like hot pink panties but I couldn't tell because she quickly covered up.
"Uh, I guess it's time for my surprise." Her nipples were taut. "Don't be mad, please?" she pleaded. "Vanessa was there the whole time! Nothing happened, I swear!"
Concerned, "Lori? What's going on?"
"I got this idea. I mean, we're together, right?" I nodded. "I'm your Dirty Girl, right?" Smiling, I nodded. "So, I'm yours and...and...if you like it..."
I nodded in confusion "Like what?"
"Close your eyes." I did. She grabbed my hands and placed them on her knees. "OK, open." She was sitting in front of me now with her legs firmly pressed together, shaking. Anxiety clear in her voice "OK, open your surprise!" leaning back.
I had to smile at that. I rubbed the outsides of her thighs and legs then put my hands between her knees and slowly spread her legs.
She had the tiniest pair of panties I had ever seen! Hot pink (of course) and see through. I looked closer and they were soaked through with her juices. There was also something written on them, leaning forward to get a better look, I realized it wasn't on the panties.
"Lori?" I reached out and pulled her barely-there panties down to see better. "Oh My God!"
"OH GOD! Please don't be mad! Pleasepleaseplease." she gasped.
"Mad?" How could I be mad? There, millimeters above her clit, looked to have been tattooed 'Mike's Dirty Girl' "is that...?" I began.
"It's fake! I promise! It'll come off. I'm sorry!"
Her eyes were still shut and she was shaking so badly...I hadn't touched her since Tuesday, in the library. All I had to do was breath on her and she would have cum. My tongue on her clit had her screaming and cumming on the spot! "SHIT!" she cried as her hands grabbed my hair, pulling me against her opening. Drawing her legs over my shoulders, I began licking her pussy in earnest, filling the limo with her whimpers and moans. As I continued sucking, Lori had two more small orgasms before I finally pulled away so I could breathe. Lori lay there with a huge smile.
"By the way," I finally said after regaining my breath. "I love it!" She did tackle me then!
Falling back onto the floor of the car, she planted kisses all over my face and neck before trying to suck my tongue out. I was able to push her up to a sitting position. "You didn't let me finish earlier. Your dress stays off until just before we get out then it's off as soon as you get in. I want you to stay just like this unless we're dancing."
Giving me a devilish smile, "You're a Dirty Man!" she said agreeing to my conditions.
I had her get up as I dug out my wallet and pulled her ID out. "At the next stoplight, I want you to go up there and introduce yourself to Anthony. Make sure he knows you're 18."
Lori laughed and accepted. Moments later, we slowed to a stop. Lori knelt in the seat behind the passenger side and knocked on the separating partition. When it had rolled down, Lori rested her breasts on the ledge and cheerfully said "Hi! I'm Lori. My man told me I should probably make sure you knew I'm old enough to be like this, you know, naked in your car. Here's my ID. Oh, and just so you know, you might hear stuff back here. I tend to get loud when he fucks me. Sooooo....I guess that's it. Thanks!"
We sat there for a loooong time until we heard horns honking at us. Anthony shook his head and we started forward. I directed Lori to sit across from me and we left the privacy divider down. My phone rang and it was Eric. They were at the hotel and had dropped their stuff off at the room. I could hear Vanessa in the background shouting out how awesome the room was.
I told the driver to go back to the hotel. When we pulled into the drive, I reminded Lori to stay as she was and got out. Anthony was there holding the door. I could tell he wanted to ask me something. I grinned and shrugged my shoulders. He finally broke down. "Is she? I mean...I could lose my job for this but, is she for real?"
My grin got so big I'm surprised my head didn't fall off. "You have no idea how real she can get."
"Tony. My name's Tony. This may be the last night of my job but I think it'll be worth it."
I faced him, square, "You won't lose it due to us. Just remember, you can look all you want just no touching. Oh, and I promise that everyone that gets into the car tonight will be 18 or over."
The professional returned "Yes sir, understood, sir." then looked in the car again. "You are one lucky son of a bitch!"
I just nodded in agreement. Eric and Vanessa walked out of the hotel. Vanessa was...WOW! She wore a full-length dark blue metallic dress slit up the side to her thigh that hugged her body like a second skin with spaghetti straps straining to hold the top up; her huge tits looked like they were trying to break free with every step she took. For someone who had been ashamed of her body just weeks before she was sure showing it off!
Eric walked up and shook my hand. "The room looks great. Where's Lori?"
"Yeah, where's Lori? Is she in the, the limo?" asked Vanessa. I nodded. Leaning in, she whispered, "Be nice and I'll make sure you get a picture of me so you don't have to strain your eyes." she teased.
Tony opened the door and tried to hide his smile when Vanessa looked in and exclaimed "OH MY GOD! Eric you have got to see....HOLY SHIT!" Tony actually turned around and I could see his shoulders shaking. I got it.
"Eric, why don't you step inside? I think it's time to go." I directed.
I had to hand it to him, he maintained when he got in. "Hey Lori, looking good."
Smiling, I followed.
Lori and Vanessa were huddled together, talking and Eric was sitting back trying to be casual. "Yeah, I have a rule that if Lori is in the car then she loses the dress."
"Good rule." he agreed. "Vanessa! Why don't you join Lori?" he called.
Vanessa looked at him then at Lori then at Tony. Lori interceded "Maybe later when it gets dark. Maybe." Vanessa nodded.
We all talked about Prom. Eric was worried that he wasn't a good dancer but I assured him that with a woman like Vanessa, dressed as she was, no one was even going to notice he was there.
Vanessa asked me if I liked my surprise. Lori answered, "Did he? He ate my pussy so good I came three times!"
Vanessa cried, with a laugh, "Lori! You are such a slut!" Eric had a smile on his face.
"Am not!" she looked at me and said, "I'm a Dirty Girl." Spreading her leg, she pointed to the tattoo. "See? It even says so!"
I shook my head. Eric choked on the water he was drinking and the car jerked back onto the road. I couldn't say I blamed him. She was 18 and smoking hot with the mouth of a sailor.
We kept it calm the rest of the drive but I did hear the girls talking about Brittany and Brooke. They were both going 'single' as our school didn't allow same sex couples to attend. I also heard them confirm that Jeremy had decided to ditch Prom. I guess that left the six of us, we had been friends since grade school and our group had grown or shrunk over the years. It was just funny that it was ending up that way.
Lori crawled over and climbed into my lap, straddling me. "We are so going to fuck, later. I have a special surprise for you, too." We made out for the rest of the drive with my hands and fingers exploring everywhere they could reach. I assume Eric and Vanessa did too.
"Mr. Anderson! We're coming into town. Thought you should know so, uh, um, yeah."
"I guess I have to put my clothes on." Lori said as she reached for her dress.
"You could try going in like that." I suggested.
"No way! If I get arrested, NO sex! There is no way you not going to..." she cut herself off. I was growing more curious as to what she had planned.
We made our entrance, Lori dressed and looking almost as good with clothes on as off.
Pictures were taken then we ran into Brittany and Brooke. They couldn't have their picture together so the four of us took one. Lori and I were bookends with the girls together in the middle. I made sure that we stood in a way that Lori and I could be photo shopped out later.
After pictures, we found a table in the back where all of the girls huddled together. Brittany asked about the limo and if they could take a ride in it with us. Lori readily agreed. The music started and we all took turns dancing. I was right; no one cared about Eric's dance moves as Vanessa danced with abandon! I was sure that her dress was going to fail at any time.
We all made sure we danced as a group to allow Brittany and Brooke to dance. 'Slow' songs were the challenge. Getting the B's a change to dance together was next to impossible under the chaperone's watchful eyes.
Breaking away, I got us some punch: great stuff. Rehydrated, we mingled. We danced with several of our classmates and even a few Juniors. Lori was having a great time. Then I danced with Vanessa while Eric sat out. She damn near molested me with her tits. When I commented on it, she laughed and said that Lori told her to do it; I guess Eric was OK with it. I guess I was as well. However, her hand rubbing against my dick was something I don't think Lori approved of and I quickly pulled away.
Towards the end of the night, the Bs each asked me to a slow dance. It was fun for the three of us but I knew it was for them. Lori danced with Eric and I could see she was making him extremely uncomfortable. I laughed at the sight. Then, scouting out the guards, and seeing they were all engaged in the pre-cleanup, I pushed Brittany into Brooke. With a furtive glance around, they held each other for the first time and finished the dance. Brooke kissed Brittany long and hard as the song ended. Lori, Eric, and Vanessa joined me in blocking the view.
The last song was one we could all dance to together. Prom was over and we'd had an incredible time!
Lori was laughing and spinning as we gathered up our coats and our collection of knick-knacks. Brittany hugged Brooke and they gushed about how awesome it was going to be to get their first limo ride. As we waited for the car, Lori told them how it was like a club on wheels with all the lights and mirrors.
Vanessa is the one who brought it up. "Uh, Lori? Are you forgetting anything?"
Eric snickered.
Lori was still high from the dancing and laughing with Brittany. "What?"
Vanessa was so innocent. "Yeah, didn't Mike have some sort of rule or something?"
She went deathly pale and Brooke caught her as she staggered. She shook her head. "Mike, no. Please?"
Eric and Vanessa both piped up "Rules are rules!"
I just shrugged as Lori clutched my arm. "Do I have to?" she pleaded.
"Well, I did only have one rule." I replied.
"But..." she closed her eyes and she blushed, I think all the way to her toes. Deep breath. "OK. But remember you ..." and stopped. "Don't forget your promise."
"Never." I assured.
Brooke and Brittany were both confused but the limo arrived and it wouldn't be a mystery much longer.
Tony hopped out and opened the door. He had the lights and music going and the TV's were showing the videos. There was no doubt where the party was going to be!
We waited to be last in the limo. Lori said "You first."
I started to get in but something in her voice caused me to pause. I noticed her hand drifting to her zipper. "Inside. You go first." she didn't respond. "Lori? Go." Nothing. I looked at Tony. "I'll meet you over there and pointed to an empty part of the parking lot.
Grabbing Lori's hand, I led her away. Standing in the empty lot, away from everyone else, I pulled her to me. "Hey. Where are you?" I asked.
She seemed to come out of it a little. "I was so close." she smiled. "If you had gotten in, I would have done it."
"Yeah. It would have been a sight. But you remember how you said being arrested limits our together time?" Some other day or place I might have let her but not in our hometown.
She began rubbing my chest. "Remember...you promised to fuck me silly."
I laughed. "I promise to fuck you and make you cum until I can't get it up anymore and my jaw falls off."
"Mmmmmmm" she moaned and leaned into me.
"You don't have to follow the rule, if you don't want to, at least, not with anyone besides Vanessa and Eric." I told her.
"I think we can trust them. Vanessa thinks so, too, or she wouldn't have brought it up." The limo pulled up. "Besides, I'm getting soo hot thinking about getting naked in front of them!" Kissing me fiercely then biting my lip, she said, "I can't wait much longer."
Tony opened the door, I asked him to drive around for a while then we both climbed in. We were greeted with a cheer! Lori and I sat in the front, Vanessa and Eric sat on the driver's side and Brittany and Brooke were across from them.
Vanessa looked at me and said "Well?" I just shrugged and looked to Lori.
Brooke spoke up "What the hell is going on?"
Everyone looked at Lori, who shrugged. "Mike has a rule that when I'm in the limo I can't wear my dress." standing, she unzipped, and began taking her dress off.
Brooke said "No way!" at the same time as Brittany's "What?"
Lori, with her dress off, sat next to me. Vanessa started laughing at their reaction. Lori tried to maintain but she started laughing as well.
"You guys are fucking with us!" said Brooke.
"I'm naked, aren't I?" asked Lori, stretching to show off.
"These two are something else!" added Eric. "When she gets going...WOW!"
Vanessa nodded. "She is such a slut!"
"Vanessa! I can't believe you just said that! She's your friend!" cried Brittany.
"Damn it! I already told you I'm not a slut!" Lori sounded angry. Spreading her legs wide she pointed to her tattoo. "It says right here I'm Mikes Dirty Girl!"
Brooke and Brittany both leaned forward then Brittany gasped "Oh my God! You are a slut!" then, embarrassed at what she had said, looked around.
Lori got up and walked over to them. "Read it!" she commanded Brittany.
Brittany didn't know what to do. She looked to Brooke, whose eyes were openly, and hungrily, taking in Lori's naked body. When she looked to me for help, I shrugged.
"Brooke, Brittany, we all have secrets. This is ours. Lori likes to, uh, show off." I explained.
Brooke, still openly looking at Lori cried, "See! I told you it was them; that night at the movie!" Twenty-something people in that theater and two of them were the B's. What were the odds?
"No way! Was it really?" asked Brittany.
"I, uh I can get a little loud." explained Lori then returned to her seat next to me but she left her legs parted and draped her hand across my thigh.
Eric laughed "A little? I think you shattered a window at my house!"
"What? You guys have sex parties?" asked Brooke.
Vanessa explained our first night "Eric and I were making out and then we heard something in the kitchen."
"It sounded like Lori was being killed, what with all the screaming and cussing!" Eric interjected.
"Anyway," she gave him a look then continued, "We looked in the kitchen and they were going at it like animals!" Lori started rubbing in lazy circles around my extremely obvious erection. "I think Lori actually passed out from Mike, uh"
"Fucking me?" supplied Lori "I wish! I saw the two of you...You had your big ole boobs out and Eric was grabbing and squeezing them!"
"Wait! So you guys actually, uh did it in front of them?" asked Brooke.
"Oh, yeah! And the next night was even more incredible." finished Vanessa.
"I still think she was getting ready to..." Eric cut off, as he seemed to realize what he was saying.
"Apparently these two" I pointed to Lori and Vanessa, "got the idea that Lori should teach Vanessa how to give a blowjob."
"No way." gaped Brittany.
I explained what had happened and how I had to pull Lori back.
"So you would have..?" and "You almost..?" from Brittany and Brooke. Brooke looked ready to pounce on someone.
Lori answered. "I didn't but it was close." She looked at me. "I'd do pretty much anything for Mike, if he asked me, but I trust him to not let me do anything I shouldn't."
Vanessa said, "I think I might like to try it sometime but I know what I like." she grabbed an embarrassed Eric's crotch before continuing with what happened.
"WHOA! Did you just say Mike had his tongue in Lori's BUTT?" asked Brittany.
Lori got up and straddled me, ass to the rest, and began kissing me. "Oh yeah. I have never cum as hard as I did that night." I put my hands on her ass and started rubbing.
Brooke laughed, "See, Britt? I told you it would feel good! I don't know why you won't let me ..." then looked around in sudden embarrassment.
"Brittany, I swear you'll like it." said Lori between kisses "and if you don't...don't do it again." then with a low growl "I love it!" Lori's hand snaked down, unzipped my pants, and pulled out my hard cock, smashing it between us.
I looked over at Vanessa and Eric and they were making out as well. Vanessa had her top down and Eric was busy working on a nipple.
Brittany was leaning back into Brooke, who was caressing her arm. Occasionally she would slip a hand across Brittany's chest while kissing her neck and shoulders. Brittany finally gave in, turning to Brooke, kissing her back. I caught Brooke staring at Lori's ass and gave her wink.
Lori had looked back and was watching too. "That is so hot." Brittany looked up and smiled shyly then moved to copy Lori by straddling Brooke, returning her passionate kisses. It seemed their roles were reversed, Brooke was normally the shy one of the group and Brittany was the more outspoken.
We rode around listening to the music and making out until Lori unbuttoned my shirt and pulled it off. I glanced around the car and saw Vanessa watching us before whispering something to Eric and sitting up. I watched as he unzipped her dress and helped her pull it off, fully releasing her tits. It seems she was also missing her underwear.
My focus returned to Lori when she unbuttoned my pants and whispered, "I need you, now." Lifting my hips, I pushed my pants down and off. My cock was straining to penetrate my Dirty Girl but she kept teasing by rubbing her pussy along my shaft. I had her tits in my hands kneading and pinching them. After several long minutes, I warned her "It's been a week! Ride me or I'm going to throw you down on the floor and fuck you!"
With incredibly poor timing, Tony knocked on the glass. He rolled the privacy divider down a crack saying "Mr. Anderson? I'm sorry to remind you of the time but it's after one-thirty. We need to be back by 2:30, sir.
"Thanks, Tony!" Crap. "Brittany? What do you girls want to do? We have a two-room suite and hot tub in the City. You guys are welcome to join us."
Brittany paused in her kissing on Brooke "We'd like to but I think we'll pass. Thanks for everything tonight." Brooke chimed in her agreement. "Thanks for making Prom really special." Then, looking from Lori over to a naked Vanessa "and everything else too."
I gave the address to Tony and we drove to Brittany's.
"We'll see you guys later...and Brook? Brittany?" called Lori, "Have a good time tonight."
As we drove away, Lori commented "Damn! I was hoping they'd come with us."
Vanessa voiced her regrets as well.
"You just want to watch them." I teased.
"What? And you don't?"
Kissing her, "I didn't say that I wouldn't watch."
Lori's eyes flashed as she quirked her lips. "I still have a surprise for you." and finally, slowly, lowered herself onto me. She had barely taken in the head before taking my face in her hands. We shared a sensual kiss as she dropped herself, taking me to the base in one smooth move. AAAAAAAAHHHH!! GLORIOUS HEAT enveloped me. I gripped her waist, holding her in place as she shuddered through her first small orgasm. Soft gasps escaped her lips as she remained still.
"If I ever stop you from fucking me again, you have my permission to tie me up and then fuck me." she slowly moved her hips and cried out "Christ!! I love how you feel inside me." then grabbed my hands and moved them to her ass. I squeezed her cheeks and pulled them towards me as I thrust up. "FUCK ME!!" she cried then bit her top lip as I repeated the move. Pretty soon, I was lifting her up only to let her slam down on me! I felt her walls contract and grow tighter. Lori began her steady stream of "fuckmefuckmefuckme" as we got closer.
I leaned forward and sucked her right nipple into my mouth and gently bit it. Lori came hard! "YESSS! aaaaaaAAAAAAGGGGGHHHHHH!!!!!! FUCK ME! FUCK MY TIGHT LITTLE HOLE!! FILL IT! CUM IN ME! UUUUUUGGGGHHH!!!!FUCK!!!!" The last came out as a scream that I'm sure rattled the windows! At each word, grunt, scream, and thrust she grew tighter and tighter as my cock swelled to fill her every crease and crevice. She suddenly put her hands on my chest "Don't stop don't stop don't stop don't stop don't stop don't stop don't stop ohfuckdon't!" she pleaded.
There was no way I could stop. My cum had been boiling for days waiting for release into my woman. "Fuck you!" I growled and slammed up into her. Lori erupted in wordless shrieks as I continued hammering up into her.
My cum was rising fast. I wrapped my left arm around her, crushing her to my chest and then my right pushed her ass down onto me as, with a final thrust, I exploded; shooting a week's worth of cum into her womb! Lori screamed again as I jettisoned my load deep into her! Pulse after pulse sent streams of cum into her. She ground herself into me as we came together.
It seemed all the energy had been sucked out of me as I fell back in the seat.
We lay there panting and recovering, oblivious to everything else. Finally, Lori sat up again. I stared at her heaving chest. Her deep breaths caused her breasts to rise and fall in the most wonderful way and I felt a slight stirring in my dick.
Smiling she said, "That's my man!" and gyrated her hips. "Hey, wanna know my secret. Are you ready to hear it?"
"Mmmmhmmm." I responded.
Lori grabbed my hands and put them on her ass, again. She leaned down, whispering, "I'm going to give you my last virginity tonight." I tensed and my dick started to swell. "If you want, you can have my anal cherry." grinding against me, "What do you think? Do you think your big cock is going to fit in my tiny butthole?"
"I think we're going to find out." I responded.
We heard Vanessa groan. I looked over to see her writhing and squeezing her own huge tits as Eric was giving her a tongue-lashing. Lori glanced over "I want you to do that."
I deliberately misunderstood "What? To her?"
"No, silly. To me!" she laughed. "Although, it would be awesome to see you go down on her."
"I thought you were the one who wanted to do that." I reminded.
"Not with Vanessa." Lori slid up and down my rapidly re-hardening cock. Then, looking back "Unless you want me too."
"Who would you choose?" I really didn't know if she was in 'Lori mode' or not but...
"MMMMMMMMMM you're getting hard! Hang on." She knocked on the divider then rolled it down. "Hey, Tony? How long before we get to the hotel?"
"About 15 minutes, ma'am." was his reply.
"Thanks! OH, hey, Tony? Do you have a cell phone?"
"Yes ma'am."
"Do you mind if I borrow it for just a minute?" she asked sweetly.
"Sure." and handed it back.
She looked over at Vanessa and Eric; they seemed to be cuddling after her orgasm. "Hey Vanessa?"
Sleepily, she answered, "Yeah?"
"Can you do me a favor? Can you take a picture of me? Just like this?" I was still in her but she leaned forward so that only half of my dick was inside.
"You are such a slut, Lori." she said taking the phone.
Lori told me to spread her cheeks so Vanessa could get a 'really good shot'. "Vanessa, you might need to take several, you know, to get a good one."
I took the initiative and slid the middle finger down her crack to her littlest hole. I rubbed and pressed against it firmly. "GOD! That feels great! I can't wait to see how it feels to be stretched open with your huge cock!"
Vanessa gasped "You aren't really going to do that, are you?"
Lori laughed! "You better believe I am!" then softly, "Have you told him?" Vanessa shook her head. Lori gave me a big toothy grin then leaned down to whisper in my ear "Vanessa is going to give herself to Eric, tonight."
Vanessa handed me Tony's phone and crawled back to Eric. She has a magnificent ass! I scrolled through the pictures and picked out several that I forwarded to my phone. Then I handed it to Lori. She also looked them over then showed me that she had chosen one for his screensaver. "Hey, Tony! Here! Thank you very much!"
"No problem, ma'am. It was my plea—HOLY! Uh, I mean, thank you, ma'am!"
Lori started laughing so hard she began snorting which caused her to laugh harder! Each snort also caused a contraction around my dick. I pulled her all the way onto me and ground myself against her clit. Her continued spasms were almost orgasmic and then they were! Lori was laughing and snorting one second then she was "OH! FUCK! HAHAHAHA FUCK FUCKhaFUCK FUCK FUCK OH SHIT! FUCK ME! OH MY GOD! FUCK!" Her fingers dug into my shoulders as she came! She was wide eyed with surprise! "shitshitshitshit OH! FUCK! AAAAAAAHHHHH!!! FUCK ME!!! WHAT THE FUCK?!?! Oh God!"
She became extremely quiet and began grinding down onto me as a low moan started and grew to a full wordless shriek as she slammed herself up and down my cock. She stopped to inhale then abruptly everything stopped. Her whole body was rigid with a grimace on her face. Her head began to slowly move back and forth then stopped. There was no other sound in the car until she gasped "Fuck me." She sucked in more air. "Fuck me." Out. "Mike." Breathe. Her head slowly bent to mine. "FUCK. ME." Breathe out. "Mike!" I rocked my hips down, withdrawing from her clenching walls and her head nodded. "Fuck me." I slid in. "Fuck me!" she pleaded.
I pushed myself off the seat and lay her on the floor of the limo. Lori's hands grabbed the sides of my head and she looked up at me. "FUCK ME! DAMN IT!" I started slow but she shook her head "NO! Faster! Harder!" I sped up. "Harder!" I began slamming into her! "YES! HARDER!" I began hammering at her savagely. "YES! MORE!" I didn't know what more I could do! I already felt like I was brutalizing her. "Fuck me fuck my cunt fuck it fuck it fuck my cunt make it hurt fuck it fuck it shit! FUCK! Shitshitshit! FUCK IT FUCK ME!!!" she screamed.
Her legs wrapped around me and pulled me tight. I could barely move but did what I could. Her eyes met mine "Thank you." she whispered. Then a full-bodied screech that started in her toes ripped from her throat as she collided with her orgasm! Screaming until she was out of breath before sucking in a lungful of air and let it go again. It seemed to last forever then in mid-howl, she went limp. The sudden quiet was deafening.
I looked down at my woman, my Dirty Girl, and saw her chest moving as she breathed. I kissed her face tenderly and smoothed the hair away. She was so beautiful. I was still erect and amazed that I hadn't cum but I withdrew. She moaned and smiled at that. When she spoke, it surprised me. "You, Michael Anderson, are my Man."
It was my turn to crack up. I leaned back against the seat and laughed until my sides hurt. When she lifted her hand, beckoning me to help her sit up, I did so, hugging her to my heaving chest.
When I was finally able to regain control and calm down enough, I told her how much I loved her. We kissed slowly and deeply, tenderly. I closed my eyes and leaned my head back and took a shuddering deep breath.
She surprised me again when she wrapped her hand around my shaft and said "My pussy may be sore but you haven't even touched my butt, yet. I did not forget my promise."
"You want MORE?!?!" gasped Vanessa.
We looked up to see the shock on their faces. Yeah, that never gets old.
Lori giggled "Yeah! If he can keep it up, I want it. Besides, he promised to fuck me til I can't walk and I can damn sure move my legs!"
I squeezed her tight then noticed we weren't moving. "Are we at the hotel?"
"No, sir." Tony answered. I looked over my shoulder and he had turned around and was perched in the window. "Sorry, sir. I uh, I pulled over. I, uh..." he was a total loss.
Thankfully, Lori wasn't. "Tony, I'm really sorry that you had to look at Mike's ass but I do hope you enjoyed the show."
He smiled "Ma'am, if I live to be a thousand, I'll never see a better. You are something else!"
Laughing, "Yep, I sure am. I'm Mike's"
"Yes, ma'am!" he agreed. "Well, I guess I better get you folks to the hotel, it's just down the road."
I took the hint and got dressed while Vanessa struggled to pull her dress on. Lori just laid back down on the floor saying "I'm going to need your coat, Mike." Then glancing over at Vanessa, "Hey, Vanessa, I dare you to just wear Eric's coat!"
"I'm not as..."she stopped and looked at Eric. "OK"
Eric's "YES!" was not lost on us.
Tony parked and opened the door for us. Lori and Vanessa, wearing only their shoes and our coats, got out first. Lori was whispering to Vanessa when I got out. Vanessa had a scandalized look on her face but nodded. "Tony," she called. "Would you like a picture with us?" I wasn't sure if I heard that right. Vanessa?
Tony looked at Eric and me, we both shrugged. "At your service, ma'am."
The girls walked over to stand on either side of Tony. I pulled my phone out and launched the camera, calling, "Ready?" Vanessa nervously looked at Lori and nodded. Both girls dropped their coats to stand there naked but for their shoes. They had Tony wrap his arms around them as they leaned in to give him a kiss on either cheek. Lori's large breasts and Vanessa's massive rack were squished against him, then they turned towards the camera, posing for a few more.
"OK. Just the two of us!" Lori put her arm across Vanessa's shoulders and they stood side by side. Then they faced each other. Lori grabbed Vanessa's boobs and bent down, sucking on her nipple. Vanessa's look of surprise and lust was priceless. Lori then wrapped her arms around Vanessa, pressing their tits together before Lori moved her hand down to Vanessa's ass to caress and squeeze it. Vanessa, overcoming her shock, started hugging back. She even boldly moved one hand to between Lori's legs causing her eyes to widen in surprise. The last couple of pictures were of Lori and Vanessa in an embrace and kissing passionately before they hurriedly put the coats back on.
I asked Tony for his email address and promised to send him the pictures, maybe a little blurred, before slipping him a crisp $100.
"Mr. Anderson, you do not need to tip me. This night has been...I'll never forget it." He stood there a minute as he struggled with something then said "Sir, come with me, please." and led me to the rear of the car where he opened a cabinet inside the trunk. "We have this so if a customer tears something up...the uh..." He ejected two DVDs. "The worst thing you did tonight was, well, you didn't damage anything. I appreciate the pictures. I just don't think this needs to end up, somewhere."
I took the DVDs and shook his hand then walked off to collect everyone. "OH! And Mr. Anderson?"
I laughed, "Tony, you've seen parts of me that my Mother hasn't seen since I was a baby. You can call me Mike."
He smiled at that "Yes, sir. I mean, Mike. It's just, if you ever need a driver..."
"Tony, I have your number and email address. I'll call you, personally, to book my next limo, wherever you are." I assured him.
"Thank you, sir, Mike." and walked off.
I walked over to Lori and showed her the DVDs. "Looks like we have some movies to watch!"
Lori looked at them, "Is that us? From the limo?"
"Yeah, Tony gave them to me."
She looked over at Eric and Vanessa "Them, too?"
"I think so." I said.
"We better get to the room before I do something!" she breathed, rubbing against me.
We made it to the elevator without incident but Lori dropped her coat as soon as the doors closed. Vanessa just looked at her then shrugged before doing the same. When the elevator doors opened at our floor, I pointed out the camera in the corner. Lori waived and Vanessa tried to cover up until Eric reminded her that she had already shown everything.
Lori spun as we entered the suite. "Honey! We're home!" and laughed. Walking to the bar, she grabbed a couple of bottles of water before joining the rest of us. Vanessa and Eric were on the couch and I had picked a chair.
She approached me, holding up a finger "One, you need lick my pussy." Another finger "Two, I have yet to taste your dick. It's been a week and I. Am. Thirsty." Wiggling a third finger, "Third but probably not last, you need to pop my butt cherry."
"EWWW!" cried Vanessa. "You are such a nasty tramp! 'Butt-cherry' my...well, whatever."
"You mean to tell me that Eric hasn't licked your butt, yet?" she seemed amazed!
"That's not the point!" protested Vanessa.
"That's exactly the point." Lori redirected. "Eric? Have you licked Vanessa's butt? Maybe slipped a finger into her tight little asshole?"
Eric blushed but nodded, holding up two fingers.
"ERIC!" cried Vanessa.
Lori pounced "Twice? That's all?"
Vanessa turned crimson everywhere!
Eric shook his head and realization struck! I got a stupid grin and Lori gasped. "You little butt-slut! You've had two fingers in your butt and you call me a tramp?"
"It feels really good!" Vanessa defended.
"I know!" she agreed, "That's why my man is going to try to cram his big dick up there!"
"You talk so, so..." she tried.
"Mike likes it when I'm naughty." Lori explained.
"It just seems so weird to say 'butthole' or 'asshole' or 'pussy' or any of those things!" she complained. "I mean, I saw you damn near pass out! And you were still talking like that!"
Lori seemed to understand. "Mike, get naked. You too Eric." I did, without hesitating. Eric looked to Vanessa first then slowly took his clothes off. Lori sat me on the other end of the couch. "OK. Vanessa, get between his legs like I am with Mike." She directed, kneeling before me. "Now take his, uh, what do you call it, again?"
She seemed ashamed but answered, "I don't really call it anything. I guess it's just his 'thing'."
Lori smiled, "I see that we've lost some ground. OK. This might really surprise you." she giggled, "Take his 'thing' in your hand like I am." wrapping her hand firmly around the base. I was standing tall and proud!
Vanessa followed directions well and it was obvious Eric was ready for the experiment.
"OK. Now, look Eric in the eyes....like this" and lowered her head so it was resting on my thigh. Mouth inches away, looking up at me. She smiled and winked. Then raised her head to check Vanessa. "Now look at him and say 'thing'"
I have to give her credit. She did it. And it was pretty funny.
"Notice anything?" Lori asked.
"I feel stupid." she said.
"OK. Same position. Ready? Say 'dick'."
I could hear her take a breath then, distinctly, "Dick." followed by "Wow!"
"See? OK. Now, one more time. Ready? Say 'cock'."
Long pause. She took a couple of breaths then softly "cock'. Then sat up "Oh my God!"
Lori laughed. "Last time. OK, you're going to say it again but with more emphasis on the 'aah" part and hard 'k' at the end.
Eric had that stupid grin on his face like he'd just won the lottery. Vanessa noticed it as well and took the initiative to lick him from base to crown, saying, "Eric, I'm going to suck your cock."
"OH Shit!" were the first words he had uttered since the lesson began then she attacked him. They had obviously practiced this because she was going mad on his dick.
Lori gave me a quick lick then stood up, whispering that she would be right back and she walked in our room. Seconds later, I heard the water running and remembered the hot tub.
Returning, she straddled my legs, facing away. My dick was throbbing against her back as we watched Vanessa at work. She was good. Licking and sucking his balls while jerking his shaft. When she rose up, wrapped her tits around him, and just sucked on the head while moving her tits up and down it made even ME groan.
Lori looked back at me "You like that?" I just nodded. I could see her file it away. She started moving her butt in circles. "Hey? Look at your dick. Do you see where it is on my back?" How could I not? She handed me a pen. "Mark it." Curious, I did as she asked then, in her most innocent voice, she told me "In a little while, after you rip my tender little butt open with your mean angry cock, it's going to be that deep in me." I closed my eyes, struggling not to shoot my cum across her back.
Grinding against me, she continued "I want you to know how deep it is when you're fucking my butt, slamming it in there and abusing, NO, brutalizing my tightest little hole." pausing, she looked back at me, "Except it won't be that tight after your huge shaft is done stretching me open, will it?" she asked with a frown. "But that's OK. All my holes will finally belong to you. And each time you ram your cock up my ass it's going to be THAT far in my dirty little hole. That's how deep your cum is going to be."
I let my head fall back on the couch, knowing I was going to lose it at any moment then glanced over at Vanessa, she had stopped to listen to Lori. Naked lust was clear on her face. I'd seen that expression before. She looked at the three of us then got up and ran to her room. Eric, confused, followed.
CRAP!
Lori knew that look as well.
"What does she want?" I asked her.
Lori shook her head. "I think." and stopped. She knelt beside me and took my hands saying, "I love you, Mike Anderson. You have protected me, loved me, and helped me. You make me...me." she paused then asked "Do you trust me?"
I looked at the love of my life and answered truthfully, "The only time I don't trust you is when you have that look. I know what it means. The night I first Loved you. The night I stopped you from ruining a friendship. Tonight after Prom. In everything else you have my trust."
She kissed my hands and took a deep breath. "That night, when I almost lost it with Vanessa? It made her curious. We've talked about it and she's tried to be casual but when we found out about Brittany and Brooke... I probably shouldn't have felt her up at the limo or kissed her. Although, I have to say she has a very talented tongue!" Looking at the door, "If I didn't have you there to understand and bring me down, I think I'd go crazy." Shaking her head, "She Likes Eric. Cares for him but there's no commitment there like us and he doesn't understand what she needs. Hell! She doesn't know what she wants except" deep breath, "she thinks she wants me." then very softly, "and maybe you."
She crawled up in my lap where we held each other. "I really would do almost anything, for you. Making it good for you makes it better for me." Lori paused and took a deep breath, "I don't think I really want to have sex with a girl. I've thought about it but if it was anyone it would have to be either Brittany or Brooke. Vanessa is just too close of a friend and it could really fuck things up if we did it wrong."
We could hear Eric loudly trying to talk to Vanessa, asking her to open the door; it helped me make the decision. "We need to talk to them." I said, "If we woke something in her then he needs to know about it and what he may need to do about it." I got up and grabbed a couple of towels. If I was going to talk to another guy, it wouldn't be naked. Lori went and got a robe. The mood hadn't been totally broken but it was definitely on pause.
Eric answered when I knocked. I handed him a towel and he covered up.
"She's in the bathroom and won't come out." he said. There was concern in his voice. Good. That was something.
"She's your girlfriend but can I have a minute?" I asked. After a long hard stare, he nodded and walked back to the main room.
I knocked on the bathroom door "Vanessa, you need to let me in."
"GO AWAY!" she cried.
"You know I can't. It's just you and me." I waited, then "How long have we been friends?" I asked.
About a minute later, "Since sixth grade, when you helped me after I broke my leg."
"And who did you tell that you were freaked out when your boobs got big?"
Sullenly, "You." She opened the door and flung her arms around me crying. "Mike, I don't know what to do!"
I held her until her tears ran dry, then, "Stay here." and got her a robe to put on. "We need to talk. All of us." Panicked, she shook her head. "Think about it a minute. It's passed, right?"
She closed her eyes and with a shuddering breath, "Yeah. It's...yeah."
I led her back into the main room where Lori and Eric were talking softly but I could still hear the anger in his voice. Clearing my throat caused him to spin around. "We, all of us, need to talk." I put Vanessa in one chair and Eric, I directed to the other. He glared at me. "Do you care about her?" I asked. "Besides the physical?" He finally nodded and kind of shrugged but sat down. Lori chose the couch and, on purpose, I did not sit next to her.
"So, this is how it is for us: Lori and I became best friends because of our parents. We've maintained that friendship and built on it. If we were to never have sex again, Lori is still my best friend. She trusts me. I mostly trust her." Vanessa's mouth dropped open; Eric's face was still clouded in anger. Lori shrugged and nodded.
"The only area I don't fully trust her is when it comes to sex. I know that she would never cheat on me but when she gets worked up...well, you guys saw it Sunday night. If I hadn't stopped her..."
I let that hang in the air.
Eric looked at Lori who shrugged and nodded. "I get so worked up. Mike had to stop me from stripping at Prom tonight."
"WHAT?" from Vanessa. Eric looked like he had started to think.
"I had been so worked up all week wondering what Mike had planned and then I chickened out on the tattoo, kinda glad I did that, NOW I get to fuck him as soon as it's done!" she stopped and shook herself. "See? I was standing there tonight, terrified what Brittany or Brooke might say but it made me so hot thinking that....well. It just hits in a flash. Ten more seconds and the entire school would have seen my bare ass climbing into that limo. Mike saw it. He helps me through it until I can control it."
Eric was looking from me to Lori then Vanessa. He didn't quite know what to think yet but his expression told me that at least he wasn't still ready to throw a punch.
"You two started dating recently and then we came alone and...well." I shrugged. "Lori and I, we moved at 'Lori' speed. But we didn't have another couple having sex in front of us every time we got together." I looked at Eric, "Eric, Vanessa is a little confused right now."
Looking at Lori, she nodded. Vanessa was tense and gripping the arms of the chair, I saw fear on her face. "Vanessa, look at how much you've changed. Three weeks ago, you would have been horrified to let someone see your boobs. Now? You've been practically naked most of the night. Add to that what Lori's told me, you need to tell Eric. If he's going to help, he has to know."
Vanessa closed her eyes as she gathered her courage then moved so that she was sitting in Eric's lap. In a shaky voice, she told him "I like you. I really do, but watching her with Mike, they're so awesome! I want..." she looked at Lori then back to Eric, "I don't know what or where or anything about us but I made a decision while talking to Lori this past week." I could see Eric was trying to put on a brave front.
"Do I really want to hear this?" he asked.
Finally, her smile returned. "Yeah, I think so. I'm on the pill. I have been for a few weeks now."
"Oh." was his reply.
"Eric?" I cupped my hands and shouted. "Did you hear what she just said?"
"Yeah!" he yelled back "She said she's on the pill!" then his eyes widened.
Yeah, it didn't sink in when Lori told me either.
"But there's more." she said, taking a deep breath, "I saw the look in Lori's eyes that night. I don't think you heard her but she," Vanessa blushed and so did Lori, "she said I looked delicious."
"Well, you are and you do." he agreed.
Vanessa gave him a long deep kiss. "Thanks." Then she looked nervous. "I know you're a guy. And most guys see with their thingys." She looked at Lori, grinning, "their cocks."
"Atta girl!" cheered Lori.
"But have you seen those two!" she asked Eric.
"Sure, It's fun to watch but I have you."
"I guess I have to say straight out." Vanessa sighed. "I like sex. A lot! I mean...and I," she looked back at us before, "I really want to, to explore and... I want to have sex with Lori!" and she copped out. Crap. Somehow, I just knew this was going to bite me in the ass.
"I thought..."
"Mike? EWWW" she said.
"Wait. So that means...Can I watch?" He asked.
"Down boy!" cried Lori. "The real problem is that she just thinks that's what she wants."
"I really do." she protested.
Lori looked at me, silently asking permission. I know I should have said 'no' but I nodded instead. Standing, she walked over and grabbed Vanessa's hand, pulling her off Eric, then, putting her arms around Vanessa, she kissed her. Lori looked to be trying to make it as passionate as possible with Vanessa responding until they broke apart. They looked at each other until Lori said, "See?" Reluctantly Vanessa nodded.
"So, what? That's it?" asked Eric.
Vanessa threw herself on him and said "What do you mean 'That's it'? What were you hoping for?"
"I bet if you were both naked and did it again, you'd like it." Eric looked at me. Lori tossed a pillow at him. "I'm just sayin', you know, if you were naked. Rubbing together. Maybe if we had some oil?"
"Oil would be fun." agreed Lori, "but just so I can make Mike all slippery. I've read that you can never have too much lube for butt sex."
"Are you really going to let him do that to you?" asked Vanessa.
"Nope! I'm going to MAKE him do it." looking at me "I've really wanted to do it since that first night when you licked me back there." She took off her robe and opened my towel before straddling me again. "I thought it would be so gross! Then, it felt sooo good when you were licking me. When you slipped your tongue down there, right across my little butthole, I knew at that moment I wanted it to happen."
"First, there's something I need to do." I pushed her off me on to the couch. I began at her tits. Kissing, biting, pinching. Lori squealed in delight! I pulled on a nipple until she cried out. "I need to lick your butt."
"You are such a pervert!" she told me laughing. I didn't disagree as I kept working my way down. I sucked and nibbled across the flat plane of her stomach. She laughed as I swirled my tongue in her belly button; then gave her long slurping kisses from there down, hearing her murmur, "I have needed this for DAYS!"
Then I kissed the fake tattoo, amazed that she had even thought of doing it. Pushing her thighs up and out, I gazed at her opening. She was so wet; her juices coated her thighs and everywhere between. Her lips were open and their normal shade of pink had turned a much deeper red with her arousal exposing her swollen clit. I realized that Lori was actually holding her breath in anticipation and briefly considered teasing her but there had been enough of that.
I flattened my tongue and laid it across her opening, slowly drawing it up towards her clit. Lori's hissed intake of breath confirmed I'd chosen correctly. Taking my time, I did it right. I licked and sucked and slurped my way back down before truly drinking her juices. She may love my cum but I loved her taste, too. The more she gave the harder I worked for even more, losing myself in her until I felt her hands clutching my head then grasping my hair. Lori's cries were echoing through the room when I looked up with a smile a mile wide.
Lori was breathing hard and sweating like she had been in a marathon. My jaw ached a little but I wasn't done. I put her legs together and pushed them up higher.
Lori tried protesting but I ignored her as I lowered my head. Her lips and labia were exposed between her legs but my target was lower. Her ass was open and mine!
She rolled over but I followed, pushing her onto her back and she might have been saying something but I couldn't hear. I was suddenly aware that Vanessa was standing behind the couch, behind Lori, and I saw her reach down, grabbing Lori's ankles. I grinned. Somewhere in my mind, I just thought 'One less thing' then grabbed Lori's butt, pulled it to me, and dug in. I chewed her cheeks and licked her crack, everywhere but 'there'.
Stopping, I looked at it. Tight and pink; virginal. I had barely ever gotten a finger inside.
Meeting Lori's eyes, there might have been a hint of fear before I told her exactly what I was going to do. I described how I was going to put my tongue in her butt. How I was going to make her cum so hard she was going to beg me to stop! Then I was going to fuck her. I was going to slide my cock into her butt and make her scream. The more I talked the more her smile grew to match mine and she was nodding her head in agreement.
Diving back in, I swiped my tongue across her hole. She stiffened on contact. I pressed my mouth against her asshole and sucked. Bringing my left hand in, I wet my middle finger before pressing it to her hole. I felt her tighten and grinned. I was going in but I took my time, pressing and pushing. My tongue and finger worked together on opening her exit. Lori panted and moaned until I finally managed to wedge my fingertip in! Shifting my attention north as my finger tried to worm its way past her second barrier, I attacked her cunt.
I chuckled as I heard her gasp "OH FUCK!" then she came again! Her asshole began to flutter about my finger; I took the opportunity to press deeper. I was suddenly in to my second knuckle before she seized up again. "Shit shit shit , fuck oh God, you... fuck. Pull it out!" I resumed sucking on her cunt but she screamed at me "NO!" Shaking me out of my lust enough to pull back. I noticed that she had wrapped her arms around her legs and Vanessa was no longer there.
I met her eyes, "Stop?" Her brows furrowed in indecision, she shook her head. My finger flexed. She clasped at it tightly. I withdrew my finger a little and drooled spit onto my finger and her clenched orifice. I felt her relax so I slowly drove my finger back in. Deeper.
I began to work my finger in and out as she continued to relax. "Two" she gasped. I looked up and she gave me a wicked grin. "Vanessa had two."
Lori pushed out as I slowly worked a second finger in next to the first. As soon as I pushed past her second ring she clamped down "HHSSSSSTTT!!" she gasped. I froze. After a minute, she relaxed but I didn't move.
She started to flex her ring. It was an incredible sensation feeling her muscle contract and release around my fingers; soft and firm but always tight. I continued to lick around her rim as she relaxed.
I was soon moving my fingers in and out with ease while Lori's breathing became more labored. "That feels soooo good." she said.
Lori gasped in surprise as I removed my fingers and rose up then smiled lazily at me and teased, "You had your tongue in my butt!" I leaned forward and kissed her. "You are so nasty!" she breathed but pulled me back for another smoldering kiss. She sucked on my tongue until, "I want you in me."
Yeah. It was past time. My cock was angry red and had been drooling in anticipation for what seemed like hours. I placed the tip at her rim and watched her face. Rubbing up and down, spreading my pre-cum and her juices, I finally leaned into her, gently pushing. Lori gasped and tightened so I withdrew. She flashed me a smile, taking a couple of deep breaths. "OK" I pushed forward again and she opened. I slipped in and stopped. Several deep breaths later, I was slowly sliding in. Lori had closed her eyes and was nodding slowly. About half way in I stopped and withdrew a couple of inches. Eyes still closed, she smiled and groaned "Yeeeaaah"
Looking down, I saw her rim tight around my shaft and pushed until I was almost all the way in, stopping when she gasped. It was so hot and tight and nasty. "Lori? I'm in your butt!" I exclaimed.
"It's HUGE!" she responded. "God! You're so fucking big!" Lori's normal bravado was gone as I moved in and out as slowly as possible. It seemed that she kept getting tighter as her ring kept contracting around my shaft. There was no way I was ever going to last.
Lori grasped my forearms "In. In. All in." she begged. I pushed until I was firmly against her cheeks, fully embedded in her ass. "Stop." She tightened her grip on my arms and tilted her head back before gently rotating her hips. Her mouth opened and her ring kept getting tighter. Very quietly, almost to herself "Yeah, there, there, mmmmmmm, oh oh oh oh!" then her hands relaxed. She looked up at me with a smile.
"Did you just cum?" I asked with awe.
Nodding her head, "Yeah," and giggled. "It was a really good one." and squeezed me one last time.
My eyes opened in surprise. "FUUUCK!" without any warning my dick swelled as much as it could in her tightest hole. Then my cock was like a hydrant as my cum flooded into her bowels. It just poured out of me. My balls drew up tight as every drop of cum spilled out into her ass.
"Oh my God! Mike! It's so hot!" gasped Lori. "I can't believe how good it feels!"
I collapsed onto her chest, drained! Lori put her arms around me, holding me close. I could have drifted off to sleep.
I could have. Until we heard Vanessa's scream.
Lori laughed! "Yep! That's what it felt like."
I smiled in memory. "I think you were a little louder. Still are, most of the time."
A few minutes later Vanessa began crying out again. We were both shocked as she started telling Eric to just shove his cock in and fuck her. There followed a tremendous scream.
"Oooh! She's going to regret that!" commented Lori. I agreed until we heard her cry out again asking for more. Lori yelled "GET IT GIRL!" and laughed. We continued laying there listening until I started to shrink and slide out.
"Mike?" Started Lori, "um, you're starting to, uh..."
"Yeah. I know." and pushed myself up.
Lori stopped me. "Can I ask you something? Before you pull out?" Curious, I waited. She paused for a long time, long enough that I prompted her. "We do some wild stuff, right? I mean, look at tonight in the limo!"
"Lori, what is it?" I knew she wanted something. I couldn't imagine that she'd be shy about asking me anything.
"If you say 'No.' I'll be OK with it. Really, I will!" she said.
"Lori, you know I'll say yes to almost anything we talk about. What's got you so uptight?" I soothed.
Flexing her butt, "You do! Well, I was tight. You are so fucking huge back there!"
"Lori..."
"Sorry. I just don't want...you, I...I didn't get to taste any of your cum tonight. I know it sounds funny but I've been thinking about it all week! and and you've given me so much." she said in a rush. "I want to suck you."
It was my turn to laugh. "Lori, you don't have to ask me to do that!"
"Clean. I want to suck you clean." she said in a whisper. My cock twitched. She closed her eyes and so softly I wasn't sure I heard her, "I know, it's so gross! and I don't know why, but I want to."
Yeah, definitely life down there as I started to get hard, again. "So, you want me to pull my cock out of your hot, tight ass and let you suck me clean?" I clarified.
"Yes." she squeaked.
"Did I fuck you senseless?" I asked jokingly.
Lori looked at me in confusion "...no."
I slid my now hard dick back into her butt hard enough to make her grunt. "Did you feel that?" and pulled back out a little. She nodded. I slid back in for another grunt. "How about that?"
"Yeah." she said with a smile.
I pulled almost all the way and thrust back in. "UUUUNNNGGGHHH! God! You are fucking HUGE!"
"Are you my Dirty Girl?" I asked continuing my short jabs.
"Uuunngghh! YES!" she responded.
I pumped her ass a little more forcefully and she just grunted each time I drove it in. Her breathing was becoming labored with each thrust and the occasional "Yeah."
Her ass started to tighten again. I grabbed her bouncing tits and held on.
"God damn it! You're going to do it again!" she cried. I just kept up the steady pace of banging into her backdoor. I could only thank the gods that I had already cum once or there was no way I'd make it.
"Oh shit! This is....Fuck me. God it feels so...do it, do my butt. I'm gonna cum." she grabbed my arms. "Fuck my butt! Harder. Fuck it. HARDER, Damn you!" I really started pounding her. I was worried I was going to hurt her but she kept begging for more! "That's it. That's it! OH FUCK MY ASSHOLE!! CHRIST ALMIGHTY! FUUUUUCK!" she screamed as her ass locked down on my cock so that I could barely move!
I lifted her legs to my shoulders and hammered into her. Lori went ballistic! She started screaming so loud that I knew there were going to be complaints but I kept fucking. I could feel it build in my balls and my groin tightened. It was going to be close!
Lori stopped screaming profanities long enough for me to ask her again "Are you my Dirty Girl?"
"Yeah...uh huh." she panted. "Always...I'm your little slut. God it feels sooo good!"
"Where do you want my cum?" I asked.
"Really? OH God. Please? In my mouth. Please. I want it so bad. Please? I want to suck my ass off your cock as you cum in my fucking nasty mouth!" she moaned. Then pushed me out and off of her!
I fell back on my ass as she lunged at my cock. "This is so fucking nasty." she said looking up at me. "Your cock's been all the way in my tight little...now I'm...Oh My God!" then she devoured me! She had done it before...opening her mouth and throat in one swoop. It was still amazing! Pulling back, her hand grabbed my balls and squeezed them so hard it almost hurt as her other hand wrapped around my cock, jacking me off into her mouth!
I put my hands on her head and began pushing her down. She moaned around my shaft as I kept pushing until her lips were at the base and held on as I fucked up into her throat. I was going to cum but I hoped...
She started to pound on my thighs then my stomach but I didn't stop or let her up. Suddenly, she stopped and grabbed my arms pulling them down! I stopped thrusting and I heard and felt a sound coming from her that grew in intensity.
I had time to tell her "Lori, you will always be my Dirty Girl!" before the dam burst! The first shot went down her throat but I knew she didn't want that so I pulled her up until just the tip of my cock was in her mouth. I took my hand and started to stroke my cock as I came in her mouth! As the second and third shots flooded across her tongue, it snapped her back in action! She pushed my hand away and began jerking with a frenzy! It felt like I came buckets in her mouth! When it was full, she pulled off to swallow but kept jerking me off onto her face. As I finished spewing my load, she kept at it trying to get every last drop out!
When it was obvious that I had no more to give, she began the job of thoroughly cleaning every millimeter of my cock and balls. Consuming and swallowing every drop. She was such a hungry cum slut. At last, she sat back against the couch and began shoving the cum on her face into her mouth until she was clean.
I crawled over to her and pulled her down next to me on the floor. I held her to me and began kissing her face. It didn't matter that my cum had just been splattered all over it. She was mine!
Lori smiled up at me, her face radiant. "Will you kiss me?" she sounded exhausted.
I didn't need to answer her. I just did it. It started slow then built. We were both tired but the passion was not. Finally, we lay back and just held each other.
"I wonder how those two are doing?" she said.
"We figured it out. Let them." I answered. Standing, I helped Lori to her feet and we leaned against each other as we walked to our room.
As we crawled into bed, Lori snuggled up to me, laying her head on my chest. "I'm mad at you."
I could tell she wasn't "Why now?"
"You promised to fuck me til I couldn't walk." she replied.
"Go to sleep."
Just as I was almost asleep, Lori looked up at me in the dark. "Mike? I lied tonight."
"Hmmm?"
"I lied to Vanessa. I really liked kissing her."
I didn't respond. I didn't know how to. She hadn't seen the look of hunger that had flashed across Vanessa's face before returning to Eric.