Author's Note:This is my entry in theSummer Lovin' Story Contest 2023I appreciate your taking time to leave your rating and comments at the end; your positive responses if you enjoy the tale, and constructive feedback of any kind is always welcome.
Please note: this is fiction and fantasy—in a world where unprotected sex has no consequences or health risks—so please enjoy it as such. This story features exhibitionism and a woman having sex with two younger men including, anal, oral, and double penetration—that's your heads up in case this is not your thing. All characters are 18 or older. Any similarity to any person, living or dead, is purely unintentional and coincidental.
____________
I froze, and my eyes popped open at my reflection.Holy shit!A myriad of thoughts raced through my stunned mind, along with some clarity.Oh my god, I can't believe this—but it explains a lot.Twisting in an awkward way to mimic my gardening positions while looking in the mirror, I saw with a mix of trepidation and unexpected titillation what Matt and James must have seen.
Thinking back on the previous few hours, understanding seeped into my psyche; I mentally replayed my earlier day from a different perspective.
********
The mid-summer day was hot, and despite my loose clothes and hat, I knew I would soon be coated in a fine sheen of sweat. But working outside and creating beautiful and peaceful gardens was cathartic for me; it made me feel good. I relished the combination of solitude, physical labor, and repetition—the process was as rewarding as the result.
I didn't like wearing tight or restricting clothes outdoors—I covered myself enough to protect myself from the sun and rough earth. I was alone in my garden anyway, so I didn't pay much attention to my appearance. I wore my usual: loose tank top, calf-length cargo style pants (to protect my knees), and old deck shoes with no-show socks. My ensemble was topped off by a floppy-brimmed hat for working in the sun.
At 37, divorced for almost two years, I felt generally fit and attractive but was a bit less toned and carried a few extra pounds than in my college days. Not really overweight, just a bit fuller, a tad softer. I was also aware that I had reached the age where I might not be catching the eye of hot guys the way I used to. Or any hot guys lately, for that matter. It had been over three months since I'd been on a proper date and almost a year since I'd had sex. Other than with my vibe, that is.
Before heading out to the garden earlier that morning, I had automatically done a quick check to ensure I wasn't showing any bits I didn't intend to—a long-time habit of mine whenever I went without a bra. Bras were so hot and constricting, especially in the heat, so I tried to avoid them—my boobs were full, but not so big I always needed the support. And although most of my yard was screened, I was cognizant that I had to be at least a bit careful not to inappropriately show anything just in case I should encounter someone.
I stood by a mirror and turned to face different angles and positions. I stood straight, leaned forward, and lifted my arms up shoulder height; the sides in my tank top showed the slightest promise of side boob—nothing revealing more than a hint of the crease. I swung my arms forward and to sides, overhead, and leaned forward; nothing showed.
I turned around and checked out my butt: pants tight enough to hint at a nice round ass without being constricting or uncomfortable. I nodded to myself in the mirror.Good enough for yard work.
My house had a large backyard with gardens, pool, hot tub, and an outdoor kitchen. More home and yard than I could have afforded on my own—owning it was an excellent "fuck-you" to my ex, who had plenty of money. He had so much that he felt obligated to share his wealth with a second wife in another state. Thank god neither of us had children to complicate the mess our ex made of our lives. As a result, I lived without him in relative luxury.
I enjoyed creating, cultivating, and caring for the gardens, which formed a border along the perimeter of my backyard. A combination of walls, fences, trees, and bushes screened off the entire pool/hot tub and grill/kitchen areas from any view except my own house. Private, but plenty of open air. Private enough to not worry about swimming attire or excessive modesty, should one be so inclined.
The only portion of the yard visible to outsiders was a small section on the east side between the grill/kitchen area and large trees towards the back. That area could be seen from the east-side neighbor's second-story deck over a chest-high fence that provided an open sky and a lovely garden backdrop.
I spent a couple of hours gardening, and after a light lunch, I started to work on the east side, in the area visible from my neighbor's deck. I saw my next-door neighbor, Matt, and another man walk out onto his deck.
Matt was good-looking, friendly, and somewhere in his mid-twenties. We saw each other, and Matt waved and lifted his beer toward me in greeting. I nodded and waved back with my gardening trowel. The two men sat and focused on each other in conversation. I knelt down and went back to weeding.
About ten minutes went by, and out of the corner of my eye, I noticed the two men were standing, leaning on their deck railing, and looking in my direction. I angled my head towards them and lifted my chin in acknowledgment, but they didn't respond, so I resumed clipping some bushes. Maybe they didn't notice my gesture or weren't looking at me at all.
Yet, for some reason, I had that uneasy feeling of being watched, so after a minute, I casually glanced back at the men. They had their heads together, murmuring. I thought I saw them smirking knowingly and briefly glancing at me. At least, that was my feeling—but they weren't doing anything obvious or inappropriate.Just chatting, that's all; I'm being paranoid. At least, I think so.
I felt disconcerted and subtly glanced down at my front to see if anything was catching their eyes—nothing out of place, nothing showed. I shrugged and continued working, clipping, raking, collecting cuttings, and dumping them in a bin.
I had yet to learn what they were focusing on or even if they were actually watching me. I was nothing to look at—smeared with grime, sweat, a silly floppy hat, and baggy clothes—and what I was doing was as interesting as watching paint dry.
Occasionally, I would look over and make direct eye contact with the men; they didn't divert their gaze or act guilty as if caught perving or doing anything wrong. Instead, they would lift their glasses as if making a friendly toast, smile, and have a drink. Then they turned to each other and continued chatting.
I smiled and nodded a neighborly gesture and went back to work.I must be imagining things—must be the heat—they're not watching me. There's no reason to. They're just hanging out, having a few brews, nodding if we happen to make eye contact. I just happen to be in their field of vision. Nothing creepy or inappropriate here; just friendly, neighborly behavior.
It was hot. I sweated profusely, occasionally sitting up and wiping my forehead with the back of my arm. I would then wipe my moist arm on my shirt to clean it up. Sometimes I would hunch forward and use the bottom of my shirt to pat the sweat on my face. I was digging out a particularly stubborn root when a voice startled me.
"Hi, Crystal. You look like you're getting quite the workout here." I jumped. Looking up, I saw my neighbor, Matt, leaning on the fence, looking over at me. Smiling in a friendly, amiable way. "It's pretty hot today; you making sure you're getting enough hydration?"
I sat back on my heels, thinking it was an oddly formal phrase, but it didn't suggest anything more than casual banter. "Yeah, I am pretty warm. But I've been drinking plenty of water, so I think I'm sufficiently hydrating myself." I smiled wryly at my use of the same clinical term.
Matt had an easy-going, personable manner. Vivid blue eyes twinkled under dark tousled hair above solid cheekbones and jaw. He leaned casually with his forearms on the fence, an open beer in one hand, an unopened one in the other. "Care for a beer? Saves a trip inside, and it's nice and cold—tastes great on a hot summer day." Matt smiled and offered the can to me.
I felt a flutter of warmth in my belly and smiled.Is he flirting with me? I can't tell if he's just being friendly.The memory of Matt and his buddy watching me—ogling me? Flashed through my mind.God, I must've had too much sun; I'm imagining things here. Of course, he's just being friendly; get a grip, woman.
"That looks great, Matt, thanks." I took the beer, popped it open, and took a long, satisfying quaff. Mmm, that hits the spot." I said. "Who's the guy I saw you with before?"
"James—we've been good buddies since middle school. He's in town for the long weekend." I looked quizzically over at his house. Matt noticed and clarified. "He's seeing other friends now. He'll be back later tonight."
"Good friends are great to have. He lives some distance away now, I take it?"
"Yeah. But we keep in touch regularly and see each other two or three times a year.
Matt looked at me, a playful grin creasing the corners of his mouth. "You're certainly working hard out here—makes me feel guilty. Need any help?"
I smiled, took a swig of beer, and glanced at a small ornamental tree lying nearby, its roots wrapped in burlap. "Well, I could use some muscle to dig the planting hole for this fella," gesturing to the tree. "If you're serious about your offer to help."
Without a word, Matt placed his hand on the top of the fence, coiled, and sprung over the top, pressing down and using his arm as leverage. He landed deftly on my side without spilling a drop of his beer, arms out like a gymnast landing a flip. He then grinned at me, clearly proud of himself.
"I'd give that a nine," I laughed. "Ten for execution but just an eight for difficulty."
"Hey, just an eight? How many Olympians vault with a beer in one hand yet still master the strength, grace, and agility I just demonstrated?"
"Um, let's see . . . I'd say, nearly . . . one. Call it none." I laughed. "Besides, I think they discontinued the one-handed-over-the-fence-with-beer vault in about 1780." Matt simply grinned and shrugged good-naturedly.
I handed Matt a shovel and showed him where I wanted the tree. He stabbed the shovel into the ground and pulled off his shirt. "I'm already feeling the heat here and haven't even started my manual labor," he joked.
My eyes flared at the sight of his broad chest and shoulders. Chiseled arms, six-pack abs, defined pecs. I paused a moment and admired his physique.Damn, this guy's hot—pretty much the definition of a perfect body; wow.I felt a quiver between my legs, followed by a flash of embarrassment—or shame?
What am I, a teenager drooling over a cute football player? He's my neighbor, at least a dozen years younger than me. I shook my head slightly as if clearing unwanted thoughts. But hey, doesn't hurt to look, right? Guys always seem to.
"Well, you've certainly been doing something to keep in shape," I said, tipping my head as if assessing his athletic potential. Trying to keep things light and natural.
Matt nodded to me. "I try; I enjoy working out." He winked at me and turned to start digging. He pressed the shovel into the soil and glanced at me over his shoulder with a nod.
I felt somewhat flustered again. I was not used to men flirting—if that was what was happening—with me. Certainly not by someone who looked like an Adonis, and not for many years.
"I'm going to pop inside to visit the little girl's room; I'll be right back," I said. "Grab you another beer?"
"No thanks for now, I'm good. Might take you up on that offer a bit later."
I turned and walked to the house. That feeling of being watched crept over me again, and I was certain Matt was still there, watching me walk to the house. Watching my backside. I wasn't sure how I felt about it. I didn't feel annoyed or irritated the way I thought I should; instead, I felt flattered. Maybe I was imagining everything, but the thought of a handsome younger man interested in looking at me gave me little butterflies. If he were watching, his expression suggested pleasure, not disgust.
Inside, I peed and then drank some cold lemonade. I wondered again if the men really were watching me—ogling me—and if so, why? I considered that perhaps I was showing some skin when I moved that didn't show when standing still. Or if certain positions changed things. I felt uncertain and slightly aroused at the thought.
Standing before my full-length mirror, I struck various poses. First, I checked that my butt crack didn't appear when I crouched or bent forward—nothing there. Then, I leaned forward and inspected the gaping front of my top. At the most extreme angle, I saw the top curves of my breasts until they disappeared into the shadows and folds of fabric. Nothing really showed, and from any distance, certainly nothing to see.
I twisted sideways, lifted my arms, and moved to the sides; no side boob. I was sweaty, and my shirt was damp—I pulled it tight across my chest and could see the outline of my nipples. I felt a flutter in my belly at the thought of the two men seeing me like that. But you had to look close to see; there was no way the men could have seen that from far away, and I never stood with my shirt pulled tight like that anyway.
Then, a thought occurred to me: I wasn't seeing all the angles I would do while gardening. I turned sideways to the mirror and knelt, reached forward as if digging with a hand trowel, and curved my back as if trying to get pressure. I tipped my head to the side to see in the mirror.Bingo!
That's when I saw, with some shock, what they must have seen. My boob. My entire boob, including my nipple, was visible from the side. After recovering from my initial brain freeze, I discovered that when I reached and bent in specific ways, which happened to be the very movements I did when digging, weeding, and working the garden, the sides of my tank would gape perfectly for maximum viewing of my breasts.No wonder I didn't notice before; it never occurred to me I would be exposed like this. And no wonder the men were watching me so intently.
I moved my arm and rocked forwards and back as if digging or weeding, which caused my boob to sway freely and openly, on display through my tank's deep side gap. It would have been even more visible in the bright sunlight. I twisted and changed positions in a forward crouch, and my shirt fluttered, briefly showing both tits before settling back down. I might as well have been working topless. I was surprised to feel a flash of excitement at the idea.
I took solace in knowing that I wasn't imagining after all that the men were staring at me. I was giving them repeated, live-action shots of my tits. The realization caused my pussy to tingle.Good grief, I can't be liking this; I should be embarrassed and horrified.But I wasn't. A pleasant flutter in my crotch betrayed that I was turned on instead. I had just discovered that I had a hidden exhibitionist streak.
I stood, emotions and thoughts racing. Feelings of excitement and flattery battled social pressures that told me I should feel shame and guilt and cover up before going out again. But I really didn't want to.
My young, adventurous, inner minx rationalized getting out and having some fun.Matt's already seen my tits; what difference would it make if he saw them again?My prudish, grown-up self argued back.He's only seen you from far away and by accident. What you're contemplating is slutty, immature, and inappropriate.
Risky and adventurous won.Fuck it—Matt seems to appreciate me, even if I'm much older. It's sexy and arousing to know I've accidentally given him some eye candy; it will be fun and hot to show him again, but pretend I'm unaware. I haven't felt attractive to a guy like this in a long time; maybe I'm imagining things, but what the hell, what can it hurt? Worse comes to worst, I can always claim I didn't realize I was flashing.
I took a deep breath, exhaled, and grinned; I had decided to take a walk on the wild side.
I finished my lemonade, then took a minute by the mirror to confirm my "best" poses and angles before I headed back out to the yard. I felt a flush of warmth that had nothing to do with the hot summer day and everything to do with anticipation and nervousness. I planned to have some risqué fun in the sun, come what may.
Matt had the new hole nearly entirely dug when I returned. I appreciated watching his muscles flex and ripple in the sun as he worked, enjoying the sight. His skin was glistening with sweat, which highlighted his exquisite physical definition.
"Lookin' good," I called out, my voice dripping with innuendo. "Just about perfect."
Matt glanced up at me and quirked one eyebrow with amusement. "We are talking about the hole I'm digging, I assume." He crooked his arm and flexed his bicep several times, grinning at me.
"Of course. What else could I possibly mean?" I bit the corner of my lip coyly.I can't believe I'm flirting like this—so obviously. This could turn out badly if I'm reading the situation wrong.Fortunately, I was reading things just right.
"Hmm. Couldn't tell ya, I'm sure." He leaned on his shovel. "This looks about right for you?"
I admired his manly pose. "Mm-hm, yes, sure does."
"For the tree," Matt said dryly, his eyes twinkling.
"Yes, of course—the tree. Looks great; let's get this baby planted," I said.
We lifted the tree by its root ball. Well, Matt did most of the lifting, while I mostly balanced it to keep it from tipping. We lowered it into its hole, and while Matt straightened it by the trunk, I knelt and started scooping dirt with my trowel to backfill the planting.
I made sure I angled myself so the side gap of my shirt would open, knowing Matt would have a clear and much closer flashes of my naked breast if he looked from the right position. Of course, I didn't know for certain he was looking, but the idea was exhilarating.
Matt dropped down and started scooping loose soil with his hands from the opposite side of the hole—less than three feet from me. I glanced at him and nodded my gratitude, smiling inwardly at his obvious repositioning.All the better to see you with, my dear.
We scooped the fresh dirt with our hands and trowel, filling the hole around the tree and packing it down. My movements gave me opportunities to reach, crouch and push in ways that I knew maximized brief glimpses of my boobs. I was caught up in the adventure, unconcerned about modesty or the appropriateness of what I was doing; to the contrary, I found it thrilling that Matt was seeing flashes of my bare breasts. I'd never done anything remotely like that before. I felt naughty and sexy.
Matt tried valiantly not to be obvious he was peeking, but he was largely unsuccessful in being circumspect. He was definitely looking. And knowing that he was looking definitely turned me on.
We finished the planting, and both sat back on our heels, panting slightly with exertion and dripping with sweat. Matt leaned over, picked up his shirt, and used it to wipe the sweat from his face. "Whew, it is a scorcher," Matt muttered.
"It sure is," I added, then acted with unplanned spontaneity. I leaned forward, lifted the bottom of my shirt—turning slightly away from Matt as I did—and mopped my face.
But then, I straightened and turned back to face Matt a fraction before I dropped my shirt, exposing my breasts for a split second—a "flash" of an instant. It could have been inadvertent. Or intentional. Matt would have no way of knowing which.
Either way, my shirt was probably high enough to show most or all of my nipples, giving him a direct frontal glimpse for the first time. I snapped the bottom of my shirt into place, straightening and pulling it tight. I felt a tingle in my groin and smiled at him.
Matt stared at me with a slightly dumbfounded expression. I saw him struggle with whether I'd just flashed my bare tits for him or if he caught a sneaky peek because I was too casual with my movement. His eyes slowly drifted from mine as if weighed down by some insurmountable force until his gaze met my chest. His pupils flared at the sight. I wasn't annoyed by his down-gaze; I was pleased by the attention and sat up straighter.
The outline of my nipples—erect against the fabric—would have been highly defined and visible through my sweat-drenched shirt. And this time, Matt was not far away on his deck. He was very close and definitely saw. I glanced fleetingly at his crotch and felt warm pleasure at seeing a pronounced bulge straining his shorts. I had let him see quite a lot in the past few minutes; my pussy quivered at the thought.
"This has been great, but I think I've had enough working out here in the heat for today," I sighed. "Too hot now; time to cool down. But it's been a really productive day, especially with your help." I smiled gratefully. "Thanks so much; this would have been a real bear without you here." My carefree tone conveyed a lack of guile, as if nothing untoward had occurred.
"Yeah, well . . . hey, no problem," Matt stammered, still slightly off-balance in the situation. Matt slowly regained his composure and spoke with a twinkle in his eyes. "Glad I could be of service."
"Come on, let's pop inside and grab something cold to drink." I stood, brushed my hands, and gestured toward the house. I walked ahead with newfound confidence without waiting or seeing if Matt followed. I knew he would.
We stepped through the patio door into the cool air of the house. The tiled entry room had hooks and cubbies on one wall for suits, towels, clothes, etc. On the other wall, a counter, sink, fridge, and cupboards stored dishes, glasses, snacks, and cold refreshments. A bench stood next to the patio door, and another door led to a laundry/changing room area.
I opened the fridge, grabbed a can of sparkling water, and turned to Matt. "Water, beer, or lemonade?"
"Beer sounds fantastic, thanks."
We lifted our cans in a toast. "To a great team," I proclaimed. We both drank, sighed, and enjoyed the coolness. My nipples hardened against my damp shirt in the cool air, and I knew they were standing out like erasers trying to break free from their shirt prison. Matt tried to be circumspect but looked a lot. I liked that he looked.
"Well, I don't know about you," I said. "But I'm ready for a swim. I can't stop sweating, even in the air conditioning." I tipped my head. "Join me?"
"Sounds great. You're lucky you have a pool."
"Take your time; enjoy your beer," I said. "I'll get my suit." I left Matt and went into the next room to change. I kicked the door behind me to close it as I walked through, but it didn't catch and drifted open a crack. Humming a tuneless melody, I pulled a bikini out of a drawer and stood in the center of the room by a stacked washer and dryer.
As I pulled off my shoes and socks, I caught movement reflected in the glass door of the washer; Matt had moved and stood near the partially open door. He was peeking. Peeking at me. At me, about to strip naked.
My heartbeat sped up and raced and I caught my breath—then a surge of arousal rippled through my belly and I felt a gush of wetness between my legs. I moved slowly as I processed what was happening and what I was feeling. I deliberately kept moving, so Matt wouldn't catch on that I knew he was watching me.
Any contest between arousal and modesty was resolved—something clicked in me, and I had no reservations about letting Matt secretly see me nude. Not just quick flashes of bare boob, but all of me, clearly.
Maybe I felt some bewilderment about my feelings.What the fuck's gotten into me? Knowing a guy is spying on me, I can't believe I'm about to get naked—and that Iwanthim to see me, that Ilikeit if he sees me. This is so unlike me, but so fun. Mmm, and ok, I'm definitely getting horny.
I stripped unhurriedly, first taking off my loose tank top. My boobs wobbled slightly as I used my shirt to mop the sweat on and around them. A solid c-cup, I was proud that my breasts still mainly stood firm, not yet sagging with age—a slight teardrop shape with dark pink nipples and areolae that contrasted clearly with my paler skin.
I turned my body mostly towards Matt's door but kept my head to the side so he wouldn't react and pull away from my glance; my angle also allowed me to watch his reflection in the glass. He stood still, with only a fraction of his head and one eye visible through the crack—if I hadn't seen him moving into place, I wouldn't have noticed or known he was there. I smiled openly at the thought.But I do know, naughty boy.
I patted the sweat off my boobs, cupping them, lifting to get underneath, then dropped my shirt and gave myself a bit of caress for Matt's benefit. My nipples were sensitive and fully aroused.
Next, I pulled off my cargo shorts and panties and stood momentarily naked, on full display. My pussy was wet and leaking; I felt my juices seeping out and down through my closely-trimmed brown pubes onto my thighs. I stroked my fingers along the bottom of my labia, up along my cleft, swirled through my short downy hair, and rubbed my moist fingertips against my thumb—ostensibly checking to see if I needed to mop some sweat there.
Matt watched me, and I pretended not to notice. I monitored his reflection and was thrilled by giving him the sexy show I was offering. I had never done anything so blatant before—certainly nothing like stroking myself, naked, in front of a much younger guy. Almost a stranger.
Any minor qualms I may have had were soon trounced by my euphoria at what was happening. I absolutely loved the feeling of femininity and power my exhibitionism gave me. And, frankly, I was getting so aroused that I no longer cared about the morality of our actions.At least so far—but where is this going? Do I want things to go further, beyond peeping and flashing? Damn, something more sounds nummy—I wonder if he's as beautiful under his shorts as the rest of him is?
I pulled on my tiny bikini—some string and patches of fabric that barely covered my nipples and pussy. But although it left little to the imagination, it covered more than what Matt just saw and supported the "plausible deniability" game I seemed to be playing.
I ambled toward the door to give Matt time to escape his vantage point. When I stepped into the entry room, Matt was over by the window with his foot on the bench, pretending to look out. I couldn't miss seeing the prominent bulge in his shorts, which caused my pussy to quiver in response.
I led Matt out to the patio and pool and took a moment to arch and stretch, my arms above my head, which caused my small bikini top to nearly pop off. "What a beautiful day, wouldn't you say?" I lifted my chin, held my arms out to my sides, and spun around as if I were delighted to be out in the sunshine.
Matt nodded, a slight grin playing on his lips. "Yes, beautiful, for sure."
I looked up at him through lowered lashes. "Need to get your suit? Or if you want to, just wear your shorts. If they're comfortable for you, that is."
Matt looked down at his tenting shorts, then back at me, making no attempt to hide his erection. I smirked, a mischievous glint in my eyes. We both knew the game we were playing by that point.
"Well, I actually don't have a suit at home, and don't really want to get my shorts all wet," Matt said.
"Then I suggest you take off your shorts and swim in your underwear. That would be kind of like a swim suit. And we're completely private, so it wouldn't matter. That is, assuming you feel the need to cover anything up."
He looked at me and tried a "diversion 101" tactic. "I don't see any tan lines on you, and that bikini doesn't cover much. Makes me wonder if you usually even wear a suit back here?"
"Well, I don't really like tan lines." I smiled coyly. "And no one can see me back here anyway."
"I'd hate to disrupt your usual practices and wouldn't want to be blamed for causing tan lines." Matt grinned. "And I'm all for equality and support your right as a woman to go topless, just as a man does—if you want to, of course. And . . . well, I'm not wearing a top, so why should you?"
I looked at him with wry skepticism at his obvious ploy. Then, without breaking eye contact, I slowly undid my bikini strings and let the top drop to the ground. My breasts stood firm, nipples still erect, areolae contracting in the breeze.
Matt gave a short intake of breath and unconsciously licked his lip with the tip of his tongue. "Wow, Crystal," Matt said. "You're so beautiful—I mean all of you. Damn."
I could see Matt's erect cock throbbing through his shorts. Thought It'd be fun to make him squirm a little. "Thank you, that's nice of you to say." I tipped my head as if pondering and working out something, then looked at him directly. I brushed my fingers over my bare breasts and smiled. "But, of course, you've seen these before."
Matt's eyes widened in panic, and he blushed, then sharply dropped his chin, averting my gaze. I waited. After a moment, he looked back up with a searching look and tried to control his reaction. "Um, I . . . er, what?"
"Time to swim!" I exclaimed, then swiftly turned from Matt and dived into the pool. I surfaced about halfway across and smoothed my long auburn hair off my face. "Coming?"
"I, um, as I said, I don't really want to get my shorts all wet, but . . . well, I'm not wearing any underwear."
A wide grin slowly spread across my face. "I guess you'll just have to wear your Birthday Suit then, won't you?"
"That wouldn't be fair, now, don't you think?" Matt had recovered his smooth confidence. "If I'm totally naked and you're not. Only seems right to keep a balance . . . my bottoms off if you do."
I love the way this boy thinks.I pressed my tongue to the side of my mouth as if contemplating a response, then pulled off my bikini bottom under the water and threw it out of the pool at Matt. "Your turn," I said playfully.
With the bravado and boldness of the young and beautiful, Matt undid his shorts and dropped them to the ground. Grinning, he put his hands on his hips and thrust his chin in a power pose. His erection sprung free, swayed slightly, then stood tall and stiff like a flagpole aiming at the sky. I felt like there should be some royal trumpets heralding his actions.
Ripples of desire fluttered from my pussy and radiated through my body.Oh, yeah, that is a beautiful man—no disappointments there.Very sexual thoughts raced through my mind as I watched Matt dive into the pool and swim to the other side with only a few powerful strokes.
Once in the water, our sexual tension cooled a bit, and we laughed, flirted, and played around, sometimes chatting, other times acting silly. I felt like a teenager having my first crush, not a 37-year-old divorced woman with a handsome younger man.
At one point, I surfaced and looked around but didn't see Matt. Suddenly, he popped up behind me, picked me up by my waist, and tossed me away into the water, my screech cut off by my dunking. I swam towards him, and he swam away, then climbed out of the pool and ran as I chased him. My tits bobbled side to side, and as he turned the corner of the pool, I saw his dick and balls flopping and slapping as he ran—I wondered if that hurt. It looked painful.
Matt dived back into the water, and I ran further before following him in, so I surfaced right behind him. I jumped onto his back, piggyback style, and wrapped my legs around his waist. My pussy pressed open against his skin, the pressure against my clit causing an electric surge to my belly.
Matt reached his hands reach back, and instead of supporting my thighs, he grabbed and squeezed my butt cheeks—I vaguely noted that his fingers were quite close to my bare labia—he tickled and pinched until I jumped off. I took a moment for my laughter to calm. Matt then took my shoulders and faced me.
"Ok, so stand still with your feet apart and don't move; I won't touch you, don't worry; that's part of the surprise. Trust me." Uncertain but playful, I stood, legs slightly wider than my shoulders. Matt dived down and swam along the bottom towards my legs. I wasn't sure why because he faced down and had no goggles, so he couldn't see anything anyway.
I stood and waited, resisting the urge to step away, and nothing happened until his head was right under me. Matt forcefully blew out air, causing strong bubbles to rise and tickle against my slightly open pussy, causing me to start and stand straight. It felt erotic and unusual, playful enough for plausible deniability that it was sexual. "My turn," I said. I copied the maneuver, and we repeated it twice more, enjoying the flirting and sexual tension it created.
The last time Matt swam under me, he twisted back and stood, facing me, inches apart. Our eyes met. We held still. I became aware of water droplets gathered on his eyelashes and eyebrows, his breathing in ragged puffs, his lips full, tempting.
My heartbeat raced, my breath grew shallow, and the trees in the distance lost focus. I parted my lips, and we both moved at once and connected in a soft, sensual kiss. At first tentative, then firmer and more urgent, our lips mashed, then our tongues met and danced.
We pressed our entire bodies together, arms pulling each other into one another. Matt's hardness throbbed against my belly. He ran his hands up my thighs and over my butt as I tasted his lips, his tongue, flavored by the slight tinge of chlorine from the pool water.
My pussy pulsated with desire, juices leaking and lubricating me despite the water. Matt and I pulled apart slightly; my hunger was reflected in his eyes. He picked me up, and I wrapped my legs around his back—facing each other this time—and walked us to the steps at the side of the pool.
He placed me on the pool's edge and gently pressed my knees, spreading my legs apart. He dropped into the water, eyes—and mouth—level with my swollen pussy. "I can't wait to taste you," Matt murmured. "You are so gorgeous, so sexy, so perfect." My belly and pussy flipped at Matt's words, my sexual yearning strong.
But as Matt leaned towards me, I felt uncertain and stopped him with my hand. "I want this," I said. "But honestly, I'm nervous and kind of scared." I waited while he came up, sat beside me, looked at me with concern and interest, and waited patiently for me to continue.
I gathered my thoughts. "It's been nearly a year since I've had sex—real sex—and I'm nervous. And then there's the age thing here; I don't want things to get awkward."
Matt looked empathetic, then confused. "Age thing? What are you talking about?"
"The difference in our ages—I'm so much older, it might be weird or awkward."
"Huh? I don't get it—what's a couple years? And it's no biggie that you're a little older instead of me being older." Matt looked mildly bewildered.
"I don't mean it's a problemwhichof us is older—wait, how old do you think I am, anyway?" I suddenly realized the disconnect in our perceptions.
Sensing a trap, Matt froze, his mouth moving slightly as if he were trying to speak but couldn't.
"It's ok; I won't be offended," I said. "I really want to know what you think, I'm curious—it's not a trick question or anything."
Matt held my gaze, eyes skeptically searching for some sort of deceit. Apparently, he decided my question was not a devious trap. He nodded and scrutinized me like a detective examining clues to make incisive deductions.
"Ok, let's see . . . hmm," Matt began. "Somewhere in the late twenties, most likely. Since you said you were much older than I am, then 27 is too young since that's only two years older, and 30 is out 'cause you're definitely not that old. So my best guess is 28 or 29."
Wow. Ten years off—no wonder he's not thinking age is an issue.I gave a little smile. "You are so sweet and insightful," I purred, kissing Matt's nose. "Now, where were we? You got me all worked up and ready, then distracted me."
"I distracted you?" Matt laughed. Pleasure and confusion flashed across his eyes as he regarded me momentarily, trying to work out what had just happened. He gave up that task and shook his head.
"Well, let's see," Matt said. "I was about to show you that you have no need to be nervous about fucking after a long break—that your sexual hiatus will just make the mind-blowing orgasm you're about to have all the more amazing." He pulled back into the water a few feet and sunk so his nose was just out of the water, then started gliding towards me like a shark stalking its prey.
I grinned, leaned back on my arms, and opened my legs. Offered my aroused, puffy womanhood.Mmm, he's so adorable—and ridiculously sexy. Age-diff, smage-diff. Now I just need to be fucked senseless—make up for lost time.
A blast of sexual fire shot through my body when Matt's tongue made contact with my pussy—I nearly came right then. He might have been younger, but he wasn'tthatmuch younger, and he certainly knew what he was doing. He first played with my labia with his tongue and tickled along my inner lips. He sucked, he licked; my legs and belly trembled.
Matt next circled my clit without making contact while teasing my vaginal opening with his fingertip. Then he ran the flat of his tongue over my engorged clit, which made me quiver inside. Pressing one finger deep into my vagina, he lightly flicked his tongue over and around my clit; I moaned as he added a second finger and slid both in and out, smearing my pussy juice and filling me.
As Matt increased the speed and pressure on my clit, my gentle moans became more urgent. He flicked his tongue rapidly over my swollen nub, then sucked it between his lips with little pulses. My belly undulated, and my vagina rippled against his fingers as I felt my nascent climax start to build from deep inside. It had been so long. I moaned with pleasure, and my breathing grew ragged.
I felt the pressure of his thumb on my anal star, not pressing into it but pushing on the outside, and I gasped. "Mmm, yes, that feels so good. God, Matt that feels incredible."
I lay back onto the pool-deck tiles and spread my legs wide open—I wanted to give him full access everywhere. Without letting up his amazing tongue action on my clit, Matt kept one finger in my vagina and spread my copious juices across my perineum and anus with another.
"Ah, yes," I moaned as Matt probed his finger past my anal ring and into my butt. Electric energy roiled through me, and my vagina clenched on his other finger. He slowly pressed both of his fingers—one in my pussy and one in my ass—deeper, then back, then in again. He sucked and pulsed my clit harder with his lips, then resumed flicking his tongue lightning-fast across it.
My belly undulated, and my legs trembled; I rocked my pelvis uncontrollably as Matt filled me ecstatically with his talented fingers, lips, and tongue. "Yes, love it. Oh, soon . . . nearly there . . . keep doing that."
I panted and made a guttural moaning sound. I pulled Matt's head against my pussy, grinding it hard as if I wanted to draw him inside me. With my other hand, I played roughly with my boobs—squishing, squeezing, pressing, and pulling my nipples. My head lolled randomly from side to side, arching and shaking, out of control.
A powerful surge of sexual energy flooded my pussy, ass, belly, and legs as my orgasm rocketed through me. I involuntarily contracted my abs, so I sat up halfway, my mouth open in a silent scream, and my legs shook violently. My vagina quaked, and my clit throbbed with monumental spasms.
I babbled unintelligibly. "Oh, fuck . . . yeah, yeah, oh shit, aah." Matt held his fingers deep inside both of my holes and kept his lips clamped on my clit throughout, sustaining the power of my climax.
My clit got too sensitive, so I pushed Matt's head away. I collapsed back, chest heaving with heavy breath, my entire body coated with sweat and glistening in the hot sun. I ran my hands up and firmly squeezed my tits, held them briefly, then flopped my arms out to my sides. Exhausted.
Matt kept lightly caressing my thighs, belly, and tits as I recovered, my breathing slowing. When I lifted my head and looked at him with a dreamy smile, he grinned proudly back at me. He raised his eyebrows. "So. Mind-blowing?"
I grinned. "Almost worth the year's wait. Almost. But yes, consider my mind blown—and a whole bunch of other sexy bits of me blown up as well."
I pulled Matt to me and kissed him, tasting my pussy on his lips and tongue. I felt a little flutter in my groin at the taste—or maybe the thought of what I was tasting. Then my eyes dropped to his crotch, to his ramrod-hard cock; I was feeling very greedy and already tingling at the thought of filling my pussy with his beautiful man meat.
I stood, "Need to get off the tiles before I'm rubbed raw, and I need to be fucked. Now. In that order, please." I smiled and padded to some cushioned lounge chairs, leaving wet footprints across the pool deck.
Without saying a word, I climbed onto a lounger on my hands and knees with my backside—pussy and ass—invitingly offered. I arched my back so my labia peeked out and swayed my hips.
As I wiggled my butt, I looked over my shoulder at Matt. "Please, sir, I want some more," I said in a cute imitation of Oliver Twist. I bit the corner of my lip, then sensuously licked my lips. Matt needed no further encouragement. He jumped up and strode confidently to me, his erect cock standing tall and hard and leading like a divining rod to water.
Matt paused, his eyes flaring with desire as he drank in the sight I presented. He slid both hands over my butt cheeks, lower back, and along my thighs. Then, he pressed his finger between my labia and stroked along my drenched cleft, collecting and spreading my ample juices around my lips and vaginal opening. I nearly cried out with loss when he pulled his finger away, leaving me empty for an instant.
I held my breath in anticipation and sighed with pleasure when I felt the tip of his cock graze my swollen pussy lips. Matt smeared his dick around and between my labia, gathering juices and lubricating himself. My vagina quivered, yearning and impatient to be filled.
"This what you're looking for?" Matt teased as he pressed the tip of his dick just inside my vaginal opening, holding it there, not letting me take it in, and pulling back when I rocked back and tried to draw him into me.
"God, yes, you know I do. I can't wait to feel your big hard cock inside me. Please, just fuck me now; I'm so horny!"
"Yes, ma'am," Matt chuckled. With one smooth stroke, he pressed deep inside me—his cock thick and full inside my aching vagina. I gasped with pleasure and pushed back against him.
It had been so long, and it felt so perfect to be filled, fucked, and pleasured again. Matt pulled almost all the way out, then slid back in with more force, his balls slapping against my skin.
"Oh, yeah, that's right, so good," I murmured. "Let me feel you fuck me, feel you slam your hard cock into my lonely pussy!" I wasn't typically one for dirty sex talk, but it felt right, and it was fun to discard my inhibitions and call it out as I felt it.
Matt grabbed the sides of my hips and pulled me into him as he thrust forward and increased the speed and pressure of our joining. He boosted his speed and force, slamming in and out of me. My tits swung freely, slapping up and down with my body's rocking. My entire body seemed on fire; I wanted more; I wanted it hard and strong and powerful.
"Aah, that's it. I . . . love . . . it." I panted in time with Matt's pounding my pussy. I felt like I was finally reaching an itch that had been tormenting me for so long. I needed it. I felt euphoric, excited, and full all at once.
I dropped onto my forearms, reached between my legs, and vigorously rubbed my clit as Matt fucked me from behind. The extra stimulation sent a surge of electricity radiating out from my pussy.
"My ass again," I gasped. "Finger . . . in." Panting roughly, I sputtered, "my butt."
Matt happily complied, and a jolt of ecstasy accompanied his thumb sliding into my anus while his dick filled my vagina. Having both holes probed at once was incredible. The additional pressure in my ass also caused my vagina to tighten around Matt's dick, creating more friction and stimulation.
As he continued to slide in and out of my pussy, Matt rocked his thumb forward and back in my butt—not really thrusting but giving enough movement to stimulate. A fleeting thought passed through my mind.This feels great—wonder what his cock would feel like here.
I didn't take long to climax again—I was too worked up and sexually starved. The pounding in my pussy, pressure in my ass, rubbing of my clit, and heightened arousal nearly overwhelmed me. Matt's and my hard breathing were matched by the squelching sound of Matt's cock pummeling in and out of my pussy. My second orgasm arrived fast and without much warning.
My vagina clenched around Matt's cock as sexual fire blasted through and over me, causing every muscle in my body to shudder, undulate, and tremble. Matt's orgasm joined mine, and he pressed forward with a hard deep thrust—with a loud grunt, he unloaded a massive amount of built-up semen deep inside me, his iron cock throbbing with each jet of cum.
I could feel Matt's dick pulsating, his warm viscous semen overflowing and leaking out the sides of my vagina along his shaft and dribbling down my thighs. He stayed deep inside me until his spasms subsided, and the last bit of cum oozed out of his cock into me.
I collapsed onto my stomach, causing his semi-flaccid dick to slip out of me. Matt dropped down next to me, one arm draped over my back. We lay like that for several minutes, nearly dozing in the late afternoon sun. Sated, finally. At least for the moment.
Finally, I pushed him off and sat up. I stretched languorously, put my floppy hat back on, and smiled at Matt. He rolled onto his back, hands clasped behind his head, and smiled back.
"I must say, that was an unexpected treat," I chuckled.
"Mmm, very. I think I like gardening," Matt said with a contented smile.
"There are so many aspects of 'gardening' that most people just don't fully appreciate," I said with faux seriousness. "It can be rewarding in somanyways." I was unsuccessful in hiding my playful grin.
"Yes, so many ways." Matt looked around. "So, looks like you have quite a few gardens back here. Maybe I could help out again—maybe tomorrow even." Matt quirked his head towards me with a hint of a smile. "I'd offer to help some more today, but James will be back soon, and we have dinner plans."
"Won't James's visit also interfere with 'gardening' tomorrow?" I asked.
Matt shrugged. Ambiguously. I looked at him, thoughts churning.Hmm. Interesting; he's cagey about James being around . . . or . . . how close does "good buddy" mean—like, close enough to share a woman?
I tamped down myriads of sexy thoughts—thoughts I hadn't had for years, and cautiously inquired. "So James, your friend, do you think he enjoyed peeking at me earlier, seeing my tits while I worked?"
Laughing out loud, Matt said, "Oh, he definitely did. He was the one who spotted your boob-a-licious display earlier." He reached up and caressed one of my boobs as he spoke. "I guarantee he would be envious of me right now," he chuckled.
"Well, maybe he'd be open to joining us for a swim then. Two days' gardening sounds taxing, and a nice relaxing afternoon in the summer sun by the pool could be fun." I eyed Matt closely. "How close are you two? Are you going to tell him about what happened with us today?"
"Normally, yes, I would. But for some reason, I'm not sure if I will right away. Especially if we come over for a swim, I wouldn't want it to be awkward for any of us. But I guess I'll just play it by ear. You're serious about having us over for a pool day?"
"Absolutely. I want to do some morning gardening, but I'm wide open the rest of the day. How about I let you know when I'm ready? I'll shoot for early afternoon."
"Sounds great." Matt paused, and his eyes glinted with mischief. "Um, I'm pretty sure James won't have a swimsuit with him, though."
I giggled.Oh my god, I can't believe I just giggled. It's like I've regressed to a horny teenager."Well, depending on how close you two are, how comfortable—we could carry on with the 'swimwear optional' dress code here." My eyes twinkled as I watched Matt consider so many things.
"I'm confident that James won't object to that. In fact, he'll probably be thrilled. That is, of course, when you say 'we' you mean all of us, you included."
"I wouldn't be much of a host if I didn't join in the festivities with my guests, now would I?" My own thoughts were filled with salacious and naughty images and activities. "Tell you what I propose. Don't tell James about today; just tell him you've been invited to hang out here, with no details. And don't mention skinny dipping. Let's let things like that surprise him—I think that will be fun. And we'll see what the future brings naturally."
Matt beamed. "Love it; that's the plan then. By the way, I love how you think. And just so you know, whatever happens going forward, today will be one of the most memorable days of my life."
I actually blushed at the compliment. Or, the sun hit me a certain way at that moment. You never know.
We stood, embraced, and kissed. I pushed his hand off my butt, saying he needed to behave and get home before James returned. Matt laughed and agreed, then his eyebrows shot up when I wrapped my hand around his still-not-fully-flaccid cock and shook it goodbye like a handshake.
Unbidden thoughts flashed through my mind.Wonder what James is like, what his dick is like? I'll be naked with two hot, sexy, nude men tomorrow. Young, fit, virile men. Fuck, I'm really horny again. I've got to get control of myself. But—two men? Oh, heavens, so many possibilities. Who knows what could happen for real? But I can fantasize; nothing wrong with that.
"See you tomorrow, Matt," I said, returning to reality. I watched Matt's magnificent body move away from me, muscles rippling as he picked up his clothes and vaulted—nude—back over the fence to his place. "Mmm, tomorrow is another day," I whispered to myself and went inside for a night of wild dreams, fantasies, and a little help from my friend Vibe.
********
The next day was beautiful. Warm, sunny blue skies with puffy white clouds floating in changing patterns. I woke feeling fresh, happy, and full of lascivious thoughts about the previous day's escapades and the day to come.
I spent an hour or so in the morning doing some actual gardening, then again after lunch for about 45 minutes. Just long enough for Matt and James to appear on the deck, see me, and wave a friendly greeting.
I eyed James through a different prism of expectations and was pleased. He was tall, had sandy blond hair, and a short scruffy beard—with his tan skin, he had a bit of a surfer-dude look. I couldn't see his eye color. But, like Matt, he appeared to be fit, well-built, and friendly from what I could tell from a distance.
I had decided not to wear my boob-flashing top again while gardening. It was a tough choice because I would have enjoyed teasing and playing with an unknowing James. But I had other plans. I wore a similar but not revealing tank top and short shorts instead of cargo shorts. And, of course, my floppy hat. I wanted to be enticing but not overtly revealing—at first. Until the right moment. Because sometime during the night, I conceived a fun surprise for both Matt and James.
Waving at the two men with a smile, I felt a familiar warmth in my groin. They had enjoyed a beer and seen me working; everything was normal and routine. It was time.
I wandered along the garden toward the back corner, where trees blocked the view from Matt's house, and stepped out of view. Once out of sight, I stripped off my top, shorts, shoes, and knickers, leaving me naked except for my hat. I stepped very close to the chest-high fence, feeling bold and sexy, and made my way along until I was across from Matt and James.
The fence blocked me from the shoulders down; if the men glanced over, they could only see my head and the top of my shoulders. They wouldn't know that I wore nothing but my hat. And, because I'd been moving around back and forth already, I was hoping they wouldn't look too closely and notice my missing tank top straps.
I stood with my back against the fence and took a couple of deep breaths to calm my nerves—or maybe to steel my nerves. I was apprehensive yet tingling with excitement. My heart beat quickly, butterflies fluttered in my belly, and my nipples were erect atop constricted areolae.This is it, Crystal. If I do this, there will be no plausible deniability, no subtlety.I closed my eyes and took a final deep breath.Ok, girl, it's show time.
I turned to face the men, standing close up against the fence and called out. "Hey guys, what a great day, wouldn't you say?"
"Hey, Crystal," Matt replied. "Perfect summer weather. How are things going today?"
"Great. And I'm hoping you two would like to join me over here and hang out by the pool. Have a swim if it gets too hot. If you're ready, come on over."
James and Matt exchanged glances and nodded. "That sounds fantastic," Matt said. "We'll be right down."
James frowned and shook his head. "Damn, I didn't think to bring my swimsu—"
I was naked; James froze upon seeing me. I had turned and taken a few steps away from the fence, revealing my full nude backside—I wore only my hat. I paused, hands on my hips and my head looking sideways in profile, and let the men absorb the sight. My soft, smooth skin, toned legs, and round but firm bare ass.
James recovered from his shock. "Matt—oh my god, she's naked! What the fuck, do you see that?
"I sure do," Matt said. I could hear the amusement in his voice. "Kind of hard to miss."
I then turned and faced them, presenting my nude body like a model displaying the latest fashion. I let my weight drop onto one leg, the other bent and crooked to the side, with one hand on my hip. My long auburn hair cascaded from under my hat, and the ends of my hair tickled the side curves of my breasts. I stood, exposed, and allowed the two men to drink in and hopefully enjoy what they saw.
Outside, I tried to project an air of calm and confidence, but inside, I was a bundle of nerves.This is unbelievable, I can't believe I'm doing this; I'm naked in the open in broad daylight, displaying myself to two men. But mmm, this is so hot; I love it.I could feel my heart pounding.
For a moment, no one spoke. I knew exactly what the men saw—I had practiced my pose in the mirror. My boobs were full, hanging slightly like teardrops but still withstanding gravity well, and my dark pink silver dollar-sized areolae sported erect, eraser-sized nipples. My belly had a hint of roundness but was mainly toned, and my waist curved smoothly and softly into the swell of my hips. Dark brown, freshly trimmed pubic hair crowned my vulva and puffy labia, groomed short enough to allow my inner lips to peek out like two lines of wavy paper. I felt wetness seeping out of my cleft as my excitement turned to arousal.
I smiled at Matt and James. Their faces showed surprise, pleasure, and appreciation, plus more than a little sexual hunger—the term "speechless" popped into my mind. "Oh, and boys, there is a strict dress code for my pool today—no suits allowed!"
Their reactions were precious: eyes wide open, eyebrows raised, mouths making vague "o" shapes. I turned and started walking away from them and towards the pool area. I paused and called over my shoulder, "So, coming?"
"Hell yes," I heard James mutter. As I walked away, I smiled at the sound of chairs scraping, feet shuffling, and Matt's deck door sliding.Here they come.
I had barely reached the pool when I saw the two men vault my fence and race towards me. I stepped down into the water and waited.
Matt and James arrived moments later, barely winded. Ah, the virtues of youth. And of hot men who keep in shape.
"Not to sound cliche," I said. "But come on in, boys, the water's fine."
The men stripped in an instant. I felt a definite tingle of arousal as I watched them in the sun, bodies glistening. Both were well-toned athletic, with rippling abs, defined chests, and beautiful cocks that bopped around as they ran toward the pool.
Both performed well-executed dives into the water. They popped up on either side of me, grinning like schoolboys expecting some reward. I smiled warmly in return.
"Beautiful diving, lads. I think you both score well on technique and hot bodies." I dived down and swam several feet away, then stood, facing them. My boobs floated slightly at the water's surface, visible and accessible.
I liked my idea. I liked being naked with two men. I liked being a woman that two gorgeous young men found attractive. I liked the thought of spending the next few hours in sexual revelry and debauchery. I liked being naughty.
We swam, chatted, and flirted. It was similar to yesterday with Matt, except we generally lacked the typical worries about impressions and possibilities people have when first meeting. Matt didn't have any "new people awkwardly meeting" nerves that most would, and James had the benefit of being new in a situation where the others were already comfortable and compatible. And where everyone was naked.
The water felt cool and refreshing in the summer heat. We fell into a natural rhythm of standing, sitting on the steps, occasionally stepping out, and diving back in. Matt broke the casual atmosphere when he suddenly picked me up, lifted me out of the water, and yelled, "Catch, James!"
I screeched in surprise as Matt tossed me several feet in James's direction. I splashed about halfway between them and stood back up, sputtering, my boobs bobbing at the water's surface. "Hey, I'm not a throw-toy," I laughed.
"That was a real wussy-throw, man," James called to Matt. "I'll show you how to properly toss a girl." My eyes widened as James scooped me up, lifted me, and spun around before launching me in Matt's direction. Matt nearly caught me, his arms brushing my skin as I dropped before him.
I stood again, with my back pressed against Matt, facing James. Matt circled my waist with his arms, then slid his hands onto my breasts. My nipples pressed against his palms, and I leaned into him.
"Our problem is, she is too wet and slippery," Matt joked as he wiped and slid his hands across and on my boobs, pressing and mushing them around. "See? Slip slidin' away." I felt his cock harden against my butt and felt pleased that I had caused his reaction.
I spun around out of Matt's hands but didn't escape his arms and ended up facing him, close to him. Our eyes flashed playfully. Then, my focus was diverted when I felt James suddenly press close behind me, his arms snaking around my waist.
"See what you mean; she's very slippery," James said. He slipped and stroked his hands across my belly, then cupped my butt. "Mmm, but slippery-when-wet is nice," James said. He swiped his erect dick back and forth across my bum cheeks like a kid brushing a stick against a chain link fence.
I squirmed away and faced the two men, a naughty look in my eyes. "I'm getting the feeling—literally—that you both are ready for some fun adventures." I looked pointedly at their erect penises, their shapes slightly distorted by the water. I ran my hands suggestively across my breasts, and smiled coyly.
"Fuck yeah," James growled. "You're so gorgeous and sexy; I'd join you for anything."
"Like a fantasy woman come true," Matt added with a big grin. "Your wish is our command," he chuckled as he gripped and offered his hard cock to me.
I looked from one to the other, each standing ready with raging hard-ons. Hard for me.God, this is incredible; I'm really doing this. This is happening. Talk about a fantasy come true; two young hunks horny and wanting me. Wow.
I bit my lip, then grinned broadly as I stepped forward and gripped each man's erect penis. Both were hefty, full, and meaty. Not huge, not like in porn. I hadn't really seen many cocks in real life, but they seemed plenty big to me.
I walked backward while firmly holding their dicks, and guided the men to the shallows by the steps. I felt their hardness under their outer velvety softness and stroked both a few times. Their cocks pulsed in response to my touch.
We glanced from one to the other, arousal shining in our eyes. I tugged Matt towards me by his dick, leaned forward, kissed his delicious lips, then let him rock back.
I then did the same with James; our first real kiss was while fully naked, with my hand on his cock, in front of his best friend. It was warm, sensual, and divine. Each man cupped and caressed my arms, breasts, cheeks, and waist as we did our slow-motion exchanges.
Succumbing to the temptation to taste the low-hanging fruit before me, I sat on the pool's steps without letting go of my man toys. I positioned the two tantalizing cocks at eye level. I licked my lips, looked up at the men, then ran my tongue around the tip of Matt's cock, then James's. They both had such eager looks on their faces I had to focus on not giggling. I felt excited and decadent.
I slurped Matt's dick into my mouth, keeping my hand on its base, and took him as deep as I could without gagging. I kept stroking James at the same time with my other hand. I naturally matched the speed and rhythm of my sucking and bobbing on Matt with my jerking and stroking of James.
After a minute, I pulled Matt's saliva-coated rod out of my mouth and smiled. Then I switched cocks. Turning to James, I licked his cock head and along his pulsing shaft, then sucked him far into my mouth and began sliding him in and out through my lips. My other hand continued to pump Matt's dick, slippery from my mouth.
I alternated sucking and jerking the two men's turgid poles several times, then paused, holding the two dicks on each side of my face, took a deep breath, then exhaled. I smiled up at the two men, my eyes twinkling with passion. Their eyes reflected my excitement.
Using only slight pressure, I guided the two cocks close together but not touching, each just off each corner of my mouth. I looked hungrily at their double meat and alternately licked one then the other. I considered putting both into my mouth simultaneously.It would be so hot, sucking two throbbing hunks of man-meat—like a porn queen.I licked my lips in response to my salacious thoughts.
I held their cocks together, stretched my lips wide, and tried to pull them into my mouth. My lips slid around the soft tips, and I swirled my tongue around, over, and across. However, I couldn't get them further into my mouth, and what I could do fell far short of my fantasy. Holding a dick in each hand, I released my mouth and looked up at the two men—their expressions were more uncertain and awkward than excited.Shit, this isn't working; so much for my porn star career.
So, instead of gobbling up the two cocks together, I alternated kissing and licking the tips in rapid succession, snapping my head side to side. Then I rapidly jerked them—sometimes up and down in unison, other times in opposing directions, similar to a drumming motion. I wasn't trying to get them off right then. Instead, I wanted to keep them riled up and excited. And I tried to wipe away the potential awkwardness we had verged upon.
I abruptly stopped my two-fisted wanking and grinned. "Ok, guys, my butt is getting sore sitting here; let's go inside for a while."
I dropped their dicks, stood, and climbed out of the pool. I envisioned the men watching my ass muscles flex and tense, dripping with water and glistening in the sun, and how they saw a peek of my pussy as I took the final top step up out of the pool. I hoped the view turned them on because thinking it did was very much a turn-on for me.
When I reached the top, I turned and looked back at Matt and James. Their looks of naked lust confirmed that they had appreciated seeing me. My pussy tingled, and a trickle of wetness—a mix of pool water and my pussy juices—slid down my leg.Damn, I'm horny. Thinking of sex with two guys is so hot. And this is for real.
"Coming?" I said. The men scrambled up the steps and padded after me into the house.
I strode through the entry/pool room into my living room and sat in the middle of a large sofa. I looked at Matt and James, who stood eagerly before me and played my tongue along the corner of my mouth. My eyes flared with arousal.
Slowly and deliberately, staring alternately at each man, I parted my knees to the sides, revealing my aroused pussy. My outer labia lips were swollen, my wavy inner lips extended out and pressed open to the sides, my clit was erect and peeking out of its hood, and pussy juice and pool water droplets clung to my trimmed brown pubes like dew drops undisturbed by the day.
I stroked my fingers through my folds to coat them with juices and breathed deeply with hooded eyes. I then lifted my hand, examined my glistening fingers, and sensuously sucked and licked my fingers as if they were mini-cocks. The whole time, my eyes stayed locked on my two lovers-in-waiting.
I quirked my head. "Who wants to taste me first?"
Matt darted down and knelt between my legs, facing my aroused sex, before James could register my offer. Matt ran his hands up my inner thighs, eyes glued to my inviting womanhood. With eyes closed, he leaned in and inhaled, breathing in my scent. "Mmm, so good." He murmured.
My pussy quivered as Matt licked along my inner lips and circled my clit. Memories of my colossal orgasm yesterday from his tongue caused my belly to flutter and sexual waves of energy to envelope me.
Taking a deep breath, I arched my back and lolled my head back as Matt's tongue worked its magic on my pussy. I looked over at James, who avidly watched Matt's actions while absent-mindedly stroking himself.
My mouth nearly watered at the sight of James stroking his beautiful thick cock. "Come here, James. Let me have a taste of that beast you're holding."
James stepped up to my side and offered me his erect cock. I turned my head and gladly accepted his offer. I gripped its base with my hand and licked up his shaft and circled the tip. I wrapped my lips around his cock head, then took him far into my mouth.
I sucked and stroked James with my mouth and hand while Matt tormented my clit with his talented tongue. The intense oral stimulation of my pussy made it tricky to focus on sucking James. Still, I did the best I could—based on James' light moans of pleasure and how he was grinding his hips, I was doing great. I suspected his climax was starting to broil.
I felt warm rumblings build in my loins, but I wasn't ready to cum yet, so we changed positions. I wanted to try different things—I wasn't sure if I'd ever have an opportunity like this again, so I decided to live out my fantasies while I could.
The idea of having one guy's cock in my pussy while I sucked another guy's at the same time fired my imagination. So, I gently disengaged Matt from my licking my pussy and stood. Then I pushed James down onto the couch so he lay on his back lengthwise and I knelt, straddling his legs with my face over his cock and my ass in the air towards his feet.
I grasped James' cock and returned it to my wet mouth, and resumed sucking and stroking him. He slowly undulated his hips as if trying to get deeper into my warm orifice. His dick throbbed, and I cupped his balls gently and felt them tighten in my grip.
Matt stroked his hard dick as he watched me suck his best friend's cock. I gave my butt a wiggle, and he instantly assessed my want. Matt climbed on the couch and knelt behind me, and lined up his pulsing rod with my swollen, inviting pussy. I shuddered with pleasure as Matt pressed and swirled his cock between my pussy lips, lubricating it. Then I gasped and nearly bit down on James as Matt pressed his dick firmly into my juicy vagina until he was deep inside.
My pussy was drenched with juices, allowing Matt to pummel in and out of me with firm, full strokes. It took me a moment to coordinate my rocking forward and back from being fucked with taking James's cock deeper and shallower in my mouth. I mostly let Matt's thrusting set my oral action.Mmm, double the fun; this is so hot.
Matt pressed into me, my vagina gripping and enveloping his cock. Each time Matt pressed into me, I would rock forward slightly and take James in my mouth as deep as I could, my hand squeezing the base of his cock to stimulate him more. We continued a natural rhythm for a few minutes, feeling our arousal build.
Wanting to experience additional modes of sex, I first slipped James out of my mouth and enjoyed the feeling of Matt fucking me. Then, I decided to switch positions again. "Hang on, Matt," I said. Matt stopped moving and waited with his cock resting inside me to see what I would do.
I crawled towards James's head, away from Matt, walking Matt's dick out of my pussy. I felt a moment of emptiness when his dick plopped out, and I suddenly had no cocks in me.
I moved up so I was face to face—and lips to lips—with James, my pussy hovering over his erect pulsing dick. I sat more upright and lowered my hips until my pussy pressed the underside of James's shaft, nestling it between my sodden labia. Then I tipped and rocked my pelvis, sliding his cock back and forth like a saw. As my pussy lips slid along his pulsing dick, James reached up and cupped my tits, squeezing and caressing them.
I grinned as James smiled. Then he closed his eyes and took a breath. "Oh, god, that's nice, but you're such a tease," James muttered.
"You have some other idea where your beautiful cock should go?" I asked playfully.
"Fuck, yeah; in your pussy." James took a few ragged breaths. "Er . . . please?"
His asking like that tickled me. "You're so cute; how can I resist such a nice request." I lifted up, gripped Jame's throbbing penis, pressed the tip into my pussy, then dropped down until our pubic hair kissed. Warmth radiated through me, my belly fluttered, and my pussy rippled and gripped James's probing member.God, I love being fucked.
James groaned as my vagina enveloped his cock. I sat upright and ground our pelvises together. My pussy spread and rippled, and my clit swelled at the pressure and stimulation. James continued caressing and squeezing my boobs, and my nipples hardened in his palms. The churning of sexual arousal deep in my groin seeped through my body.Oh, yeah, this is so good; I'm so high—I could cum like this if we keep going.
I unexpectedly felt Matt press up behind me, kneeling on the sofa with his hard cock against my lower back and his muscular chest against mine. He circled his arms around me, and for a moment, both James and Matt played with my tits before James relinquished that duty and slid his hands to my waist.
Matt matched my hip movement, so we moved and rocked as one—except I had a cock inside me, of course, and had the added stimulation of my clit against James's pelvis. It felt intimate and erotic, pampered and used, all at once.Hmm, so erotic. But Matt can definitely do more here.
I pulled forward from Matt's comforting embrace and down towards James' euphoric face. I kissed James fervently, moaning, still undulating on his cock, then lowered my chest to his. My boobs mashed against James' hard pecs, and my pelvis tipped so my ass was lifted and exposed behind me—to Matt.
"Don't mind if I do; thanks for the invite," Matt cooed. Cool air played over my anal star as Matt cupped and pulled my bum cheeks apart. From Matt's vantage, he could see James' shaft sliding in and out of my vagina, my swollen labia clinging to his cock and glistening with juices. Just above, my spread anus winked at him, open like a puckered "O." That thought sent a tremor through my pussy. As did the idea of what I wanted from Matt. Luckily, he and I were on the same page.
As I continued to relish the fullness of James inside my pussy, I felt Matt's fingers circle and tickle my perineum and anus. I moaned loudly as Matt pressed directly on my puckered anal star, then circled outside it, spreading and smearing my juicy lubrication and adding stimulation to being fucked.
I caught my breath as Matt penetrated his finger into my butt—the wonderful feeling of being entered in both lower holes cascaded over me. I pressed back against Matt's finger to push him into me, then started riding James with more fervor, my breathing heavy and my libido out of control.
Matt slid his finger deeper into my ass, pulled it back out to gather more wet lubrication, then pressed as far in as he could. I loved the feeling of both men adoring me and pleasuring me.
Matt wriggled his finger, paused, and muttered. "Damn, James, this is weird; I can feel your cock in Crystal's pussy. Feel it moving, even the ridge of your dick's head."
"Yeah, I can feel your finger," James said. "It feels cool, makes her pussy tighter, and feels like it's alive."
My very alive pussy rippled at the words.This is fantastic . . . I wonder, though . . . how it would feel to have more in my ass.The thought had entered my psyche unbidden, but I immediately warmed to the idea.
"Matt," I panted. "Try adding another finger." I continued grinding on James as I waited for Matt's response. He withdrew his finger, leaving my butthole pulsing. He used his saliva to add lubrication because he pressed two fingers together smoothly into my ass a moment later.
"Mmm, yeah, that's good," I moaned. The fullness of a cock in my pussy and two fingers in my butt, together with the electrical surges of pleasure sent from my clit, was heady and erotic. James made unintelligible guttural sounds and thrust into me from underneath. I felt ecstatic; my body rippled with pleasure, and my mind swirled with unfocused emotions and feelings.
After a few minutes of hedonistic titillation, a primal yearning churned and manifested in my consciousness—I wanted more. I didn't really weigh any particular factors; I just responded to my body's cry for more.Ok, then, this is my chance; now or never.
"So good," I murmured. "Matt," I panted. "I could take more . . . I'd like more. But not more fingers."
There was a pause. "You talking about anal? Like my cock?"
"Yes, put your big hard cock in my ass; I want both holes full of dick."
"Holy shit. You're sure?" Matt tentatively asked.
James interjected. "Fuck yeah, man. That sounds so fuckin' hot—do it, dude. That would be so cool."
I chuckled to myself through my euphoria.Definitely surfer-dude.Then I slowed my rocking on James almost—but not quite—to a halt. Waited with excitement and apprehension to see what Matt would do.Will he actually fuck me in the ass with his friend's dick in my pussy?The thought of two dicks in me at once caused a surge of wetness to further saturate my pussy.
Matt pulled his fingers out of my butt; my anal star stayed open slightly, and I felt it pulsate as if craving human comfort in there again. Then Matt's cock head pressed and swirled around my hole, lubing and playing. Elation coursed through me.
My anal ring instinctively resisted Matt's dick pressing against my puckered hole for an instant before his thick cock head popped into my anus. He paused, allowing me to adjust to the larger size, and when he felt my grip relax, he pushed in deeper.
"Ah, wow, that's amazing," I gasped. "So full. Fuck, this is incredible."
Matt slowly rocked deeper, then pulled back, working his way further into my rectum. "Yeah, this is wild," Matt muttered. "So smooth compared to your pussy; slippery and tight." He started sliding with longer strokes. "Feels fantastic."
"Her pussy just doubled how tight it is, dude," James said. I feel like she's milking me with her cunt." He grunted. "And our dicks are nearly touching—I can feel your cock in her ass. Just . . . damn, wow."
Matt merely grunted in reply and kept fucking my back door.
I started moving again, rocking and gripping James's cock inside my pussy—totally out of sync with Matt's movement in my rear, but I wasn't focused. I wasn't focused on anything. The room seemed hazy as the extraordinary feeling of being full and aroused overwhelmed my conscious thoughts.
Fire radiated through my body, and surges of sexual energy washed over me in waves. My clit shot electrical jolts, my pussy clenched and rippled, my ass undulated, and my nipples constricted, all at the same time.
"Fuck, oh my god, this is fantastic," I cried out to the world. "I'm being fucked by two cocks at once." A statement of the obvious. "Aah, I love being double-fucked."
Matt's cock sliding fully in and out of my ass spawned stimulating sensations I'd never experienced. James moved less, relying on me to rock and slide. But as the three of us worked out a natural rhythm, our fucking grew more forceful, more powerful. I felt a nascent orgasm rumbling deep within me, building and preparing like an animal coiled to spring on its prey.
We fucked. Primal. Savage. Primitive. There was nothing intimate or gentle going on. Just raw, wild, abandoned sex. I absolutely loved it.
Matt was the first to explode. He started pummeling my ass more forcefully, rapidly, and roughly, his hands pulling my hips to better slam into me. Then I felt his cock surge and warm semen flood out into my rectum, throb after throb, spurt after spurt. I felt it. James felt it through my thin vaginal wall.
Matt stayed pressed inside me until his cock ceased its ejaculatory spasms, then he sighed and relaxed. When his slowly softening dick slipped out of my ass, he sat back on his heels and watched my crotch. Viscous cum swelled and gathered at my butt hole, then gravity triumphed, and it oozed down, on, over, and past James's stiff shaft below.
After Matt sat back away from me, James sat up, pulling me with him so we were face to face, still inside me. His eyes were alight with fiery passion. "Change position," he muttered. James lifted me slightly so my legs could wriggle past him and rocked me backward onto the couch towards Matt. Well, onto Matt, until Matt laughed and moved away to give us space.
I ended up lying on my back with my head on the opposite side of the sofa as before, with James on top and still in my pussy—missionary style, but with my thighs spread wide open and knees bent towards my shoulders. I could still feel cum sliding out of my asshole, down my butt cheeks and thighs, and presumably onto the couch.
James took control and started sliding in and out of my pussy with smooth, even strokes. We were coated in a sheen of sweat, and our breathing was loud. James pressed against my open thighs and used the leverage to lift his torso more upright and open my pussy wider for deeper penetration. He changed his energy and slammed his cock deeper and faster, occasionally brushing my cervix, grunting like a rutting animal as he increased the force of his fucking.
Matt knelt on the floor next to us and started caressing my boobs and playing with my nipples while James pummeled my vagina. I was so aroused that my pussy pulsated happily each time Matt squeezed, rolled, or tugged on my nipples—as if an electrical connection tied my nipples to my groin. "Mm, yeah, I like that, mmm, nipples," I panted.
Always considerate, Matt leaned in and sucked my closest nipple into his mouth; I shuddered with delight. He pulsed my nipple between his lips—much as he did with my clit earlier—then used his tongue to tickle the tip and my whole areola. Next, he bit lightly and pulled my nipple with his teeth, stretching it out so hard it distorted my tit, and let it snap back, causing my boob to jiggle and my pussy to quiver. I half chuckled but mostly moaned with pleasure.
My whole body felt like fire shot through it, with each thrust of cock, kiss, squeeze and suck of my tits bringing me up to a fantastic high.
"Damn, you are so tight—feel so fuckin' fantastic," James muttered, almost to himself. "I'm going to ream your pussy; gonna so fill you full of spunk you'll overflow."
I wanted that. I wanted James to fill me with cum, to blast inside me.
My head tossed sporadically as my orgasm approached. Matt sensed my edging and helpfully slid his hand down and started roughly and vigorously rubbing my engorged clit. His fingers were a hair's breadth from James' iron rod pounding in my vagina.
Matt's added stimulation sent me over the top. My pussy clenched on James' dick, and I trembled in my loins as my body shuddered. My toes curled and my vaginal walls rippled. I groaned loudly and pulled James tight into my crotch as I came.
This set off James's violent eruption. He grunted, then let out a primal howl as he shot jets of cum deep inside me. After the initial spasms, he slowly slid his still-ejaculating cock out of me, pointing the next few ropes onto my swollen, open pussy.
I sat up partway and watched James paint his cum on my gaping vagina, my wavy inner labia, and my trimmed dark pubes. He then pressed forward and squished his cock around and between my pussy lips and vaginal opening, swirling and smearing cum with the pink head of his dick, mixing it with my juices.
James followed by pressing his semi-hard cock halfway back into my pussy, then pulling it out. He repeated the maneuver several times, apparently fascinated by the cum stretching away from his cock to my pussy and snapping. Finally he sat up, a drop of cum still oozing out of the tip of his cock, and looked pleased with himself.
James and I gazed at each other and smiled. I smiled over at Matt, who sat nearby, grinning.
"Well," I sighed with a dreamy look as I rolled my head and ran my fingers through my long hair. "That was something," I said. The understatement of the year.
"I'll say. Something amazing," James said.
Matt nodded, unable to stop grinning. "Amazing. Incredible . . . Mind-blowing." He looked directly at me. "Mind-blowing, yes?"
I nodded. "Most definitely mind-blowing." I sat up, swung my legs off the couch into a seated position, and flopped back with an exaggerated exhale. "Whew. And quite exhausting," I added.
Matt and James shifted and sat on either side of me, sated, with content looks on their faces.
"I'm kind of thirsty," James said after a brief respite. "Beer sound good to anyone?"
I stood with some effort and turned to the men. "Yes, but I need to use the bathroom before anything else," I said. "Need to pee . . . and . . . whatever else dribbles its way out of this well-used body." I winked at the two men. My vagina and rectum were seeping cum, small globs sliding out and down my thighs.
"Beer sounds good," Matt said. "But I need to use the bathroom as well . . . pee, and . . . I kind of think my willie needs a wash." He stood, lifted his arms over his head, and waggled his hips playfully so his dick slapped side to side.
"I agree with you there," I chuckled. Fond memories of Matt's hard cock pumping in my ass flitted through my mind. "Let's do our business, grab some beer and meet in the hot tub."
Ten minutes later, the three of us sat naked in my hot tub's warm, bubbling water, beers in hand. Overhead, dramatic grey and orange streaks painted the clouds against a deepening blue sky as dusk approached.
I raised my beer in a toast. "Here's to friendly neighbors, sunny lazy days relaxing by the pool, and gardening-with-benefits."
"Here, here," said Matt. We all took a swig of beer.
"Yay to all you said," said James. "But, I wouldn't exactly call what we've been doing either relaxing or lazy." Matt and I grinned, looked at each other with a shrug, and nodded in concurrence.
James abruptly stopped, eyes flitting between Matt and me. He shrewdly studied Matt's face, then scrutinized mine. "Ok, I'm missing something here; you two have been up to something. Let's start by explaining what you mean by 'gardening-with-benefits'?"
Matt and I made eye contact and then burst out laughing. We told James about the day before. I explained to them both that I didn't know I was accidentally flashing my tits, and how I figured out why they seemed to be watching me gardening by checking in the mirror and discovering my peek-a-boob situation.
Then Matt and I described to James how we had gotten hot planting a tree, skinny-dipped to cool off, and ended up fucking. We finished regaling James with our antics, stressing, most importantly, that we wanted to include him today for more summer fun.
"Well, I'll be fucked in the head sideways," James laughed. Our eyes met. "Wow. Yesterday, Matt and I thought we were gettin' away with something and seeing something we weren't supposed to. But you end up showing butt-all to Matt and fucking each other." He shook his head in wonderment. "I guarantee you two had a better afternoon yesterday than I did."
James looked from me to Matt, then continued, eyes on me. "And today has been one amazing thing after another—from seeing you naked when you invited us over to . . . well, you know, the sex parts. I had absolutely no idea we would end up like we did."
Matt nodded. "Me neither. Except for skinny dipping, most of today was a total surprise—hang on." Matt squinted his eyes and turned to me, working something out. "Yesterday . . . you said that yesterday you discovered that your boobs were showing when you went inside . . . which wasbeforewe planted the tree." A lightbulb clicked on in his mind. "That means, the whole time we were on the ground pushing around the dirt, you knew I could see your tits. You were flashing me on purpose—"
"Busted," I giggled. "Guilty as charged. I hadn't planned anything, but I wasn't upset or embarrassed when I discovered what you two had been seeing. Instead, I was flattered by your reactions; I hadn't felt attractive to guys in a while, and it felt good. A naughty little voice told me it would be ok and fun to let you have some more peeks since you'd seen my tits already."
I glanced at my beer in thought. "So, I didn't overthink things and just went back out to you, knowing that you could see my bare tits up close—it sounded fun and naughty, and it was. The rest of the day was spontaneous; I just let things happen as they may." I toasted with my beer and took a sip.
"Well, I sure agree with your 'naughty voice' that it was ok for you to let me see your tits—a lot," Matt snickered. "You have amazing boobs and should be proud to show them off. And I'm monumentally glad things happened as they did, both yesterday and today. Now, be honest; did you plot today's events at all?"
"Only the initial naked reveal and invite. I hoped something sexual would develop, but I had nothing specific planned or in mind." I grinned coyly. "Certainly not what did happen. But I love everything we've done together here. Though I hardly believe what we got up to, hardly believe it was all real."
"Fuck yeah to that," James said. "If you told me yesterday that I'd be skinny dipping, fucking, and double penetrating a hot babe today, I'd have thought you'd grown a second head. I've never done anything remotely close to what happened today."
"Same here, many firsts for me today," Matt added. He looked at me. "How about you, Crystal? New, rare, old hat action for you?"
"Broke new ground in more ways than one for me," I said. "I mean, wow. A threesome with two gorgeous young men, sex with someone watching, giving a blowjob and having sex simultaneously, anal sex with cumming inside, and what you called double penetration—so wild, so amazing, all so new, incredible."
"So, you've never done any of those things you just said before today?" James asked. "You seemed so confident, in control. You know, a woman ahead of her time."
I chuckled. "I'm not sure if I should take that as a compliment or insult. No, I've had almost no experience along those lines. Despite my age, I've had little sexual experience beyond run-of-the-mill vanilla sex."
"Age?" James said. They both—particularly James—looked confused and a bit skeptical. So, I clarified.
"Yes, age. Ok, look. I married young, and two years ago, I divorced after 15 years. Before I got married, I'd only had sex with three guys total, and two of those were disappointing one-timers. I never strayed during my marriage, and since my divorce, I've only had sex with one guy—other than you two, of course—and the last time was almost a year ago." I waited for them to react.
Matt nodded to himself, pondering. "Our talk yesterday about our ages makes sense now; I guessed too young and never did learn your actual age. Methinks maybe you're making up for lost time—and we're the two cubs you hunted as 'cougar meat' for yourself." Matt grinned.
I batted Matt's arm in mock indignation. "Hey, I didn't hog the tasty pleasures for myself; you both got plenty of sexual gratification, too!"
"Touché," Matt said. "It's not always that the hunted—"
"Stop, stop, stop—wait a minute here," James waved his hand and interrupted our banter. "You lost me at 'married for 15 years and divorced two years ago.' That doesn't add up—unless—what, you got married when you were eight?" His expression was the definition of incredulous.
Matt snorted, and I suppressed my laughter. "I got married when I was twenty, James." My eyes crinkled, and I watched a myriad of thoughts play across his face as he did the math.
"That doesn't make sense," James said, almost to himself. "That would make you . . . hmm, adding the years . . . make you—" James's eyes widened as he ran the numbers, and realization blossomed. "Fuck, I thought you were, like, 25! Holy shit, you don't look anywhere near . . . you look so much younger and sexy . . . I mean, it's not that older can't be sexy. No, I mean, you are . . . it's just that . . . oh fuck it. You look fantastic, whatever age." James stammered, logic and facts short-circuiting his subjective perception. He shook his head. "Damn."
"If you're worried I'm too old for you, we can always simply stop having sex. But personally, I love being serviced by two young studs."
"Hey, I never . . . never said I didn't want to fuck," James said. "I was just caught off-guard and surprised. You're the hottest woman I've ever seen, let alone fucked."
I smiled, flushed with pleasure at the compliment. "Besides, our age difference isn'tthatgreat—especially now that I've tasted you two," I winked. "But, maybe it would be interesting to check the numbers. As I recall, a popular formula for determining acceptable age differences is half the older one's age plus seven."
The two men nodded; the earnest look on their faces caused a grin to tug at the corner of my mouth.
"Let's see. I'm 37, so half my age is 18.5; adding seven makes 25.5. So, according to made-up social conventions, the minimum age for me is 25 and a half years old. How does that work out here?"
Matt grinned, playing along and enjoying my nonsense. But James looked stricken. "I don't even turn 25 until next month." That means—shit, according to the formula, I'm too young for you! We're off by over six months." He was either a great actor or was actually taking things seriously.
"Chill, James," Matt laughed. "This isn't a law or anything. And for that matter . . . I'm not quite 25 and a half, so I'm also too young, by about a month!"
"Oh well," I stood in the belly-deep hot tub water with my tits wobbling before settling into place. In an old lady voice, I said, "I 'spose you young whipper-snappers ought to just be gettin' on to bed then." I shook my finger at them. "Now that we know the rules, looks like there'll be no more fuckin' this ol' lady for you two. I'm not some cradle-robbin' cougar running around breaking the darn rules. No siree-bob." I shook my head. We all burst out laughing.
"But we can still suck your nipples, right?" Matt pretended to be a wide-eyed boy. "Since we're nearly babies?" He moved towards me on bent legs, so he looked short. I felt my nipples harden on my exposed breasts.
I couldn't keep a straight face and burst out laughing. "Well, I suppose, just this once, since boobs are meant to be sucked by little ones." I lifted a boob and offered it to Matt. He licked it, then took my nipple gently in his mouth, sucking with loud slurping noises. I pushed him away, both of us laughing.
I walked over and hoisted myself up, and sat on the tub's edge with my legs casually apart; my pussy was visible and puffy in the heat. The two guys stared at me as if they were seeing a woman naked for the first time. I shook my head with amusement. "Like what you see, boys?" I asked playfully.
They both nodded emphatically. "Not too old and wrinkled for you?" I added.
Matt and James sprung to their feet like dutiful soldiers snapping to attention. "No way, not too old, and I don't seeanywrinkles," James said.
"I think you're the perfect age, body, person, and sexiness," Matt said, nodding. "I, personally, can't wait to dive back into you and practice having mind-blowing orgasms until we perfect them."
"Oh, yeah, I'm there with you, dude," James added. Looking at me, he gave a broad grin. "Just say when."
Oh, good lord, these two never tire.But I was pleased and honored at their continued appreciation and lust for me. And I loved their high libidos; they were like sexual Energizer Bunnies.
"I think our mind-blowing orgasms are pretty near perfect already, but I'm always willing to strive for improvement." I ran my tongue lewdly around my lips with a sucking sound.
Matt grabbed his chest. "Oh, be still, my beating heart. Or is it my throbbing cock?"
"Hey, seriously, now." I broke our playful repartee. "I'm starving, and it's way past my usual dinner time. Any dinner plans?" They shook their heads almost in unison. "Great. Let's throw some steaks on the grill, dig out whatever else we find, and have a summer feast. Sound good?"
Predictably, they agreed and climbed out of the water. I was mesmerized by their smooth, athletic movements and the swaying and bobbing of their flaccid penises. So different from the iron-hard rods that serviced me earlier.
"The only ground rule, though—and this is mandatory," I began. They froze, apprehensive at what inconvenience or deprivation I might impose on them. "Absolutely no clothes. Before, during, or after dinner." They beamed and thought that was a fine rule.
We dried off in the fading daylight. I watched my two strong, handsome, fit lovers and felt a flutter in my belly. The light cast a warm glow on their skin, making them look like bronze gods—my bronze gods. Salacious and lascivious thoughts flooded my mind as I imagined all the fun, sexy things we could get up to together. I felt young, alive, vibrant, and sexy. Feminine. Attractive. I felt good.
"Oh, and just to confirm." The men stopped and looked attentively. "Since this is a three-day weekend, would you two happen to be available tomorrow to help me with some gardening?"
End