I'm not really sure how to start this without getting into a lot of boring history and details. I'll try to be as brief as possible.
My wife, Ginger, and I met in college, at a small liberal arts school. That's not her real name, but what you might call her business name. That's what she'll go by here, as we don't need anyone getting her real name and trying to track her down. Anyway, our first few dates were movies, but not the romantic comedies you expect, it was all superhero and sci-fi films. A lot of the time, it's the guy who picks those types of movies, but as I would quickly find out, my new girlfriend was very into those genres.
Ginger has red hair (a shock, I know, given the name), creamy white skin, and is only about 5'5". I'm 6'1", and I don't know why, but I've always had a thing for shorter girls. I've also always been into thick thighs and big round asses, what you might call thicc. When we started dating, she was, for lack of a better term, like a diet version of thicc.
Anyway, as I mentioned, she is really into superhero and sci-fi genres. Marvel, DC, Star Wars, Star Trek, Anime, video games, all of it. She would jokingly refer to herself as a nerd, and while it fit her interests, she physically looked like the hot little cheerleader from high school.
When we were in college, the whole comic-con and cosplay stuff really got popular for self-professed nerds like herself. If you don't know, cosplay is when people create costumes and dress up as characters from movies, tv shows, and games. She got really into it and was constantly making new costumes. She hung around with a large circle of friends who were into it as well. I enjoyed a lot of the stuff we watched, but just wasn't into it quite as much as she was.
I went to college on a scholarship for football (wide receiver), and while I might look like a jock, I was a visual arts major, focusing on photography and videography. It turned out to be a perfect match for her hobbies. I was constantly shooting photos and videos of Ginger and her friends. Now I'm not sure if you're familiar with cosplay, but for women, it often involves kind of a sexy look. All the classic comic book characters (for the most part) were created by men, and so they created them in their ideal vision of femininity. So, I got to watch not only my girlfriend, but all of her friends prance around and pose in hot little outfits.
We were married the year after we graduated college, and while I was working full-time editing videos for corporate productions, Ginger was actually making a good living off of her cosplay stuff. She had started an Instagram account for it that quickly gained thousands of followers, then an Onlyfans account, where her fans could donate and tip for exclusive pics and videos.
What you're probably wondering here is what it's like to have your wife leered at online by thousands of men (and women, somewhat surprisingly). Honestly, I think it's probably a lot like being married to any other kind of model or even a Hollywood actress. At first, I felt a little creeped out and jealous, but I quickly found that it turned me on to see her being sexy in public. It wasn't long before I was helping to push her boundaries of being more and more sexy in her shoots. As a bonus, the hotter the pics and videos, the more tips came in.
By the time we reached our mid-20's, Ginger had gained some weight, like many women at that age. She wasn't one of those who developed a large gut, she just got a little rounder. She definitely became worthy of the word thicc. I thought she was only getting hotter. Luckily for her, she couldn't really be too self-conscious, because as the weight crept up, her number of followers and subscribers shot up as well. She quickly became the most followed cosplayer within her circle.
As I mentioned earlier, I would occasionally push her boundaries for how sexy she was getting with her online media. She had told me she was turned on by being out there in that way, but that she needed a little push here and there, which she was thankful to have from me. Like many in the cosplay world, she primarily only went so far as what they call "lewds", which are sexy photos and videos that show a lot, but generally nothing that could be considered true nudity. I had a hard time wrapping my head around it at first. As an example, full frontal nudity is no-no, but it's ok to be fully nude, but with your arms covering your chest and a hand over your crotch. Generally, your butt crack is ok, but not an areola. Make sense? Probably not, but it is what it is.
There were plenty of cosplayers who went farther than that though, and by farther, I mean all the way, especially once Onlyfans took off. They might start out doing tasteful nudes (think old playboy centerfold type stuff), but then the next thing you know it's solo masturbation videos and then full-on porn.
There wasn't much of a middle ground, and the two types of cosplayers often stayed apart. It's easy to see why the lewd cosplayers might look down on the others, but to me, they were both selling sexy imagery of themselves to turn people on. Let's be real, guys across the internet were jacking off to the lewds just like the were the full porn videos.
Anyway, Ginger's circle was a little different than most because it had cosplayers from both camps. One in particular always caught my eye, a woman around our age who went by the name Mae. She also had red hair (I am a sucker for that), cropped short unlike Ginger, and was right around 6' tall and very thin. She still had a round ass and nice small, but round and perky tits. Ginger is more my type, but like everyone, a little variety is nice here and there. Mae pulled off the tall, thin look well.
I remember once we went to a club with several from her group after a convention, and the girls were all dancing. When Mae swayed her body, it's almost like she had extra joints in the middle. I would say she moved like a serpent almost, except that I don't like snakes, so I don't care for the comparison. At one point she was swinging her ass around, and it was like her shoulders and hips were operating in different time zones.
Back to Ginger. The whole lewd vs nude thing to me always seemed a bit crazy. At one point, she had this very popular photo that was taken from near her feet looking up. Her legs were spread and there was the tiniest thong covering her pussy. You could literally see almost all of her creamy white outer lips, but it covered the pink of her actual slit. I made a comment that she was a half-step from being a stripper, which got me a joking punch to the stomach. During the next photoset, she did the same pose, but sans the panties. Instead, we literally blurred out the pink.
While of course part of me wanted to keep Ginger and her body all to myself, as I have mentioned multiple times, it got me hot to see her exhibitionist side come through. So, one day, I said it.
"You're practically there," I said. "I mean, if you're worried about societal judgement, I think most people are putting you in that camp anyway."
"It's a big step, though," she said. "And it's not like we could change our minds once we do it. If it's on the internet, it's permanently out there."
I knew by her tone that she was almost there. Sure enough, a couple days later we were shooting tasteful nudes. Then it wasn't long before the nudes became less tasteful, what she liked to call the "straight-on kitty shots." In a couple weeks, she was doing solo masturbation videos.
While I should have been against exposing my wife this way, at least according to society, I wasn't. I got so turned on seeing her online, even with some of the horrifically perverse messages people would send her, usually about what they wanted to do to her. It was generally someone talking about bending her over in a recent costume, or fucking her brains out for her next shoot. While you typically don't know what those creepy commenters look like, their words would create an image in my head that both made me angry and got me a little hot.
It came up a lot during sex. Things like me telling her how many people were dreaming of "fucking this pussy." That kind of talk always got her going. She might have been a nerd, but she was a freaky nerd that loved being slutty.
So, moving forward, we started discussing her having a costar. Of course, I meant me, though due to my work, I couldn't show my face. We started doing a lot of POV videos, with the point of view being mine. As much as I liked seeing her naked online, seeing her getting fucked online was a whole other level, for both of us.
There is a huge demand in the cosplay space for lesbian videos with two cosplayers. When we kicked around the idea, it was obvious, especially to me, who her costar should be, which was Mae.
Here's where it gets a little weird though. While most cosplayers (who do porn) act out scenes with the characters they are portraying, Mae ran her account differently. She and her husband, a mousy guy named Tim, did something more akin to a reality show. They were real people, playing themselves, but the scenes they were in and the plots they involved were scripted. It had kind of a behind-the-scenes feel to it and had attracted a lot of followers. So, while my idea was picturing something like Daphne and Velma getting it on, the plan they came up with was for Mae to have a fight with her husband, and to seek solace in another cosplayer back at their hotel.
We locked it in for the next convention, and we were both very excited to make it happen. Ginger said we both needed to get a quick medical screening (I believe just like regular porn stars do) to make sure we didn't have any communicable diseases. I thought it was weird that I needed to get tested, but Ginger said it was because she and I were regularly having sex. Whatever. A quick visit to the doctor was a small price to pay to see my wife have sex with another woman, especially since it was Mae.
On the day of the scheduled shoot, we spent it like any other day at a comic convention, walking around, meeting people, taking photos, and Ginger signing a few autographs here and there.
At one point as we were walking, Ginger leaned over to me and whispered, "I'm going to fuck your brains out as soon as the shoot is done."
I turned my head and whispered back, "And I will be the second person to have fucked you today."
A little shiver shot through my wife as she walked, and I could tell by the way her ass and legs moved, she was getting wet.
That night we went back to our hotel room, which is one of two adjoining rooms, with the other being Mae and her husband's.
I wanted to take a quick shower, and when I stepped out of the bathroom in my towel, I was a little shocked to see Mae in there talking to Ginger. My heart almost stopped when Mae walked toward me. My dick was semi-erect under the towel, and I had no way to hide it. Mae stopped right in front of me, looked down for a second at my crotch, then back up to my face, smiled, and turned and headed back to her room. I looked at Ginger, but she just shrugged and smiled.
Within an hour I was shooting the argument scene between Mae and her husband. While the general idea of the scenes was planned, the actual dialogue and action was improvised on the spot. Mae ended the argument by telling Tim she was heading back to their room to think about "what she needed."
The idea was that Ginger was coming by to talk to her downtrodden friend. They were both out of costume, wearing sexy but not lacy pajamas. They were the kind of clothes that women wear when they don't want to look like they're trying to be sexy, but still turn men on, short, thin shorts, with thin tank tops and no bras.
They sat down on the bed together and were talking, when Mae put her hand on Ginger's cheek and gave her a little peck on the lips. I couldn't believe this was actually about to happen.
"That feels nice," Ginger said in response to the kiss.
"Maybe what I need is something different," said Mae.
Then they were off to the races. They began to make out, with Mae as a little more of an aggressor. As they kissed, May slid her hands up Ginger's top and began to gently tease her tits. Ginger responded by lifting the tank top over her head, exposing her breasts and giving Mae full access. Mae began to kiss her way down Ginger's neck to her chest, eventually reaching her nipples and gently sucking them one at a time.
This was so much hotter than I had imagined. My wife, topless in this hotel room, with multiple cameras set up all around her, getting her tits sucked on by one of the hottest other women I had ever seen. My dick was beginning to strain to escape my pants.
Mae laid Ginger on her back and began to kiss down her stomach, stopping for a few seconds on her round, but still firm tummy. She took one hand and began to rub Ginger's pussy through her shorts, eliciting a sweet little moan from my wife. Then she slipped a finger in each side of Ginger's waistband and began to slide her shorts and panties down and off of her legs.
Once the clothes were gone, Ginger spread her legs, looked up to Mae and whispered, "Are we really doing this?"
Mae didn't speak. She just nodded, stood up and stripped her own clothes off. Now, I had seen Mae doing all kinds of things her videos, in fact I had masturbated more than once to them. But live, in person, a few feet from me, it was completely different.
I watched with my mouth agape as Mae crawled between my wife's legs and began to slowly, and methodically, lick her pussy. She started using two fingers, slowly sliding in and out of Ginger's sweet little box as she licked her clit, causing my wife to throw her head back and grab the headboard with both hands as she began to moan.
"Your tongue, ah, um," Ginger whispered, "It feels so good."
Then she grabbed the back of Mae's head with her hands, lifted both legs straight up off of the bed, and exploded in orgasm.
This is probably a good time to mention how my wife has an orgasm. It starts with moaning that gets gradually faster, then is followed by what looks like an earthquake traveling through her body, violent shaking and shivers, followed by her muscles completely locking up, her breathing stopping, until she finishes and begins to gasp for air. With Mae, the shaking was so violent, I though she might throw her off the bed.
Once Ginger's orgasm had subsided, she rolled Mae on her back, climbed between her legs, and seductively said, "Your turn."
She followed the same pattern as Mae, beginning with kisses down her body, followed by licking and suckling her clit as she fingered her.
This is when the door suddenly swung open, with Mae's husband Tim stepping inside, and with some pretty good acting, looking incredibly confused and jealous. The girls didn't stop, acting like he wasn't there. Tim slid over to a chair we had put at the foot of the bed and sat down. Then, and this was something I knew was coming, he unzipped his pants and began to masturbate to the sight of his wife being licked by another woman. I had been a little nervous about this, but once it happened, for whatever strange reason, it turned me on to see him drooling over his wife and my wife together.
I hadn't thought about the fact that he would be directly at the foot of the bed though. Ginger had her ass in the air as she licked Mae, giving Tim a perfect, up-close view of my wife's soaking wet pussy. I don't know if Ginger thought about it or not, but she took one of hands and slid it back between her own legs and slowly began to rub her own clit as she worked on Mae. When I realized the show Tim was getting, I got a quick pang of nervous jealousy, but it was soon replaced by a wave of arousal washing over me. Before I had time to think much about it, the girls action brought my eyes right back to them. My wife was licking and fingering Mae as fast and hard as she could, bringing her close to climax.
As Mae's orgasm began to build, she moaned out, "I think this is exactly what I needed. I've never had my pussy licked like this before."
Mae's orgasm came quickly afterward, her arms outstretched, gripping the sides of the bed, and moaning louder and louder until her pelvis lifted off of the bed.
"Yes!" Mae yelled. "Lick that pussy, uuuhhhh!"
Her entire slender, long body shook with a wave that traveled from one end to the other. As her orgasm subsided, the two girls laid on the bed together, giggling and whispering something that I couldn't hear. Tim was still in his chair slowly jacking himself off as quietly as he could. Either he hadn't cum yet, or he magically made his semen disappear, because there was nothing around him.
As for me, my dick was absolutely rock-hard from the show the girls had put on, and, if I'm being honest, at least a little bit from the sight of Tim watching my wife finger herself right in front of his face.
I heard movement and looked up to see Mae climbing off of the bed. Instead of heading toward her husband to make up, as I had been told the plan was, she headed straight for me. I stood frozen, unsure of what was happening. Mae dropped to her knees in front of me, and I instinctively lowed the camera I was holding so that it was pointing at her face. She took one hand and grabbed my straining hard-on through my pants.
Mae turned her head toward her husband, and said condescendingly, "That was a good, but I think what I really needed was a bigger dick than you."
I turned my head toward my wife, trying to make it clear that I wasn't doing this, but Ginger just smiled back at me and winked, making it clear that it had been planned. I remembered telling her during the week how hot her lesbian encounter was going to be, with her responding that it was an understatement. Now I knew what she meant.
I made no effort to stop Mae. She unzipped my pants and pulled my raging hard-on out my pants. She began to slowly jack it with one hand, looking back to her husband. Was this really happening? Was my wife really okay with this?
"This is what I've been longing for," Mae said, her words snapping me out of my disbelief.
I looked back to Ginger, who had moved to another chair by the side of the bed. She had her legs spread wide and was slowly massaging her clit with two fingers. It was clear she wanted this. Let's be honest, I wanted this. I set my camera down, content to let the multiple other cameras I had set up in the room capture the moment. I was ready to play along.
I grabbed a handful of Mae's hair, pulled her head back, and placed the head of my dick at her mouth. She spread her lips, opening wide, and began to slowly suck my dick.
I should probably take a moment to describe what she was working with here. I'm 6'1", and I have no illusions about my dick being like a porn star's. It's probably a little larger than average for my size. Mae's husband Tim was only 5'8", and probably about average. If I was guessing, I'd say I had an inch on him in length, but probably the equivalent of another finger's worth of girth, as in his dick would be like using two fingers, mine was more like three.
After a couple of minutes of sucking, Mae leaned her head back, letting my dick escape her mouth, looked up at me said, "Now it's time for you to fuck me."
I looked over at my wife, she was picking up steam working her clit, clearly in approval. So, I helped Mae to her feet, turned her around facing the bed, bent her over and began to rub the head of my dick over her pussy lips.
"Please," Mae begged. "I need you to fuck me."
I was in no place to turn her down. I slowly began to work my dick inside of her. She was tight, not virgin-tight, but maybe a shade tighter than Ginger. I began to work my dick in and out of her, with one hand on her back, holding her bent over, the other on her right ass cheek. She began to moan.
"Uuummmm," she said. "You feel so good."
I decided to play along.
"You like my dick?" I asked, then quickly smacked her ass with one hand.
"Oh yes," she shot back. "You feel so good, you fill me up so good. It's so big."
"Is it bigger than your husband's," I asked, feeling a little bit of guilt about shaming him, but knowing it was part of their ongoing plot in their videos.
"Oh, so much bigger!" she shot back.
"Do I fuck you better than him?" I asked firmly.
"Oh yes!" she yelled back, beginning her climax. "You fuck me so much better than he ever could!"
She began pushing back hard against me with her ass, until she slammed back into me, moaning in orgasm.
I moved to the bed, laid on my back, and ordered her, "Ride me."
Mae jumped on top of me like a cowboy in an old movie mounting his horse. She began to move her hips around in circles, letting her whole body sway. I leaned up, grabbing her firm little tits and began to suck her left nipple as she rode.
She turned her head back toward her husband as she began to rise up and down on my dick, "Watch how I ride his dick. Watch his big dick going in and out of my pussy, stretching me out!"
I took both hands and grabbed her ass as she rode. I lifted my right hand and gave her a hard smack on her left ass cheek, the sharp pain kicking off another climax. She began to grind her pelvis down into me, almost painfully so, trying to take as much of my cock as she could.
"Oh, you feel so good!" she moaned. "Give me all that dick!"
Then she reared her head back in orgasm.
I flipped her onto her back, spread her legs, grabbing an ankle in each hand, and began to pound her for all I was worth.
"Yes!" she yelled out. "This is your pussy! Take it!"
I didn't even see it coming when she slammed her pelvis back into me, another orgasm washing over her. I laid down on top of her and started to kiss her as I slowly pumped in and out of her.
"I love the way you fuck me in front of my husband," she whispered.
"He's really okay with this?" I whispered back as I nibbled her neck.
"He says it's hot watching someone else fuck his wife," she replied. "Imagine watching your wife getting fucked by a bigger dick."
I need to stop here and offer a quick anecdote. Once, when I was a young boy mowing the yard, I reached down and bumped the spark plug wire with my hand. I don't know if it was thin insulation or what, but it sent a shock through my whole body, not a hot shock, but a hard shock, like a violent hit to every part of my body simultaneously. I never felt a sensation like that again until Mae told me to imagine watching my wife with a bigger dick. I think it was a combination of the sex we were having, the sudden pang of jealousy picturing what she said, and the hard rush of arousal that quickly followed. Whatever the source, it was about all I could take. I felt my own orgasm begin to well up in my testicles.
Mae felt where I was headed as well. She took both hands and grabbed my ass, pulling me as deep as she could inside of her.
"Yes," she yelled. "Give me that cum! I want all of it inside of me."
I did as I was told. I hadn't thought about the lack of a condom or whether or not she was on birth control. In that moment, I didn't care about the consequences, I exploded inside of her, continuing to fuck her until I couldn't move, driving my semen as deep inside her womb as I could.
We laid there for a few minutes before Mae whispered in my ear, "That was great, but I need you to get up. It's my husband's turn."
I stood up and walked over to the chair my wife was sitting in. I knelt down beside her, replacing her fingers on her clit with my own.
We were both shocked when we saw Tim climb between Mae's legs on his stomach, spreading her legs with his hands. Then he did the unthinkable, he leaned his head down and slowly began to kiss and lick all over her pussy before shoving his tongue inside of her.
The first feeling to hit me was a bit of revulsion, followed by another wave or arousal. I couldn't help but hear Mae's words about imagining my wife in something similar, then thinking about whether I could lick her pussy afterward, tasting another man's cum mixed with her juices.
My body answered for me, my dick filling with blood and springing back to life. I grabbed my wife by her hand, helped her up, then led her through the door that went back to our room. I didn't bother closing the door, I just threw her on the bed and began to fuck her hard and fast, my mind locked on the image of someone else fucking her, riding a wave of arousal like I had never felt before.
--To be continued.--