Chapter 5 -- Bare as you Dare:
Introduction: This is the continued story of Gina who has reverted to her younger days of being quite uninhibited. If you haven't read the first few installments, you might want to catch up first. A little more about Gina, a wife of 22 years, in her mid 40's, 4' 10.5" tall and quite blessed. Some of the stories I will tell are based on actual events and memories that took place throughout our years together. I also like the feedback from everyone.
Thursday night John had to work later than he had planned and then there was a wreck on the interstate, so when he gets home well after 8:30 almost 9:00.
Gina was in her bathroom finishing her hair and make-up.
"Hay baby, get me one of your old work shirts to wear." She asks him as he looks at her bare firm ass poking out as she leans forward looking into the mirror. A long red sheer scarf is laying on the bed; he can only fantasies what she is going to look like in that bar in a few hours, and what she will be wearing.
He wants to play with her something bad, as he pulls out an older white long sleeve shirt. "Will this work?" He asks her.
"Perfect!" She bounces over wrapping her arms around him, on her tiptoes kissing him. Her big bare tits pressing into him, he runs his hands up and down her bare back, slipping a finger down her ass crack. "You should have got home sooner, we got to get going!"
She breaks the kiss, slips on a pair of red four-inch spiked high heels, and then takes the shirt slipping it on, rolling up the sleeves and heading down the hall, the red scarf bunched up in her hand.
The Patron is already on the counter, he thought he tasted it when she kissed him; she does another shot straight from the bottle. The shirt still open down the front, "You ready?"
Not asking about the shirt being completely open, he just grins and tells her, "Hell yeah." Leaning over to kiss her again, giving her exposed boob another grope.
She laughs at him breaking the kiss, takes another drink from her bottle of tequila then replacing the top on the bottle. "Let's get going." She heads out the front door with the shirt open and trailing behind her a bit. Not caring if any of the neighbors are outside in their yards. Nevertheless, it is getting dark now and the mosquitos are out so she goes unnoticed.
John following her thinking, 'she looks so sexy in the white shirt and red heels, her hair in loose fluffy curls, flowing across her shoulders and down her back, those boys will be drooling again tonight.'
He hurries to open her door so she can slide in with the shirt wide open for his enjoyment, or maybe her own excitement.
John dashes around and gets in, he tries to analyze his own excitement to himself seeing his own wife naked outside in public view, yet again, like she did so often some twenty years ago before they were married.
The drive seemed a lot shorter than it was, with Gina sitting next to him with the shirt still totally open, he had even pulled the left side of the shirt off her shoulder to open it up more as his hand rubbed her bare tanned thigh.
He had to park in the parking garage tonight, which is a bit farther away than the last time they were at Spanky's.
John finds a spot on the second deck and backs in, getting out he walks around still looking at his sexy wife through the windshield, realizing had anyone looked down into the car they would have seen her big boobs and hard nipples at a minimum. Opening her door allowing her to swing her short, tanned legs from the car, he gets a nice flash of her already moist smooth pussy lips.
"Well, I guess I better make myself decent for the walk." As she starts to button the oversized shirt she is wearing, leaving the top three buttons undone. "Maybe a belt would have worked too, make it look like a dress or something?" she giggles.
"No baby, you look fine just like you are, but what are you wearing for the contest?" He again asks inquisitively, having a good idea now.
She giggles, "Oh, don't you worry about that, you just cheer me on and watch me win, you know this isn't my first contest!" She reaches in the car pulling the scarf out placing it under the collar of the shirt, leaving it hanging down in front over her shirt and boobs.
The shirt still unbuttoned a bit, displays some of her jiggling cleavage. She is so short; John's shirt hangs more than half way down her thighs. He takes her hand as they head to the bar several blocks away, he is intently watching her boobs jiggling through the unbuttoned top of the shirt.
She didn't look overly sexual like she has been lately, wearing the oversized long shirt, but he knows what was under it and that added to his excitement.
Once inside, her boy toys from next doors have seen her come in, waving them over to get them to join them at a high bar table near the dance floor. The guys are introducing John and Gina to all their friends, guys and girls, several of the guys brought Gina her very own cheering section.
They recognize some of them from the last time they were there. Gina is hanging on John's arm when Brian asked what she was going to wear for the contest, she tells him, "Like I told John, you're just going to have to wait and see."
They continued chatting and drinking for a few hours, Gina managing to keep her shirt on, only briefly flashing a few down shirt views. A bit before the contest, Gina asks Kevin and Brian escort her around the bar a bit to introduce her to people they know. As she slides off the stool she grins at John releasing one more button on the shirt, everyone looking at the top, now open to almost her belly button.
As they make their rounds, everyone is curious who she is, looking into her shirt at her exposed tanned cleavage, some lucky enough to catch a glimpse of her nipple, they want to know if she goes to the college with them, having never seen her there. The guys cover for her, telling them she is Kevin's out of town cousin.
They make their rounds in the bar hitting almost every table and group of guys standing along the sides and back of the bar. Gina giving away hugs to anybody that wanted one, including several young ladies.
When the DJ finally announced the contest starts in thirty minutes, he tells the ladies to come sign up to win the $200 cash prize.
"That's me!" Gina announces, "Anyone else coming?" However, none of the girls at the table step up.
John is a bit disappointed Penny doesn't go with her, seeing her in a tight vinyl mini skirt and cropped tight white sweater.
"Want me to go with you?" John asks Gina.
She giggles, "I'm a big girl, and I can handle it."
As soon as she walks off, they start asking John; "What does Gina have on under the shirt, what is she going to wear, one of the girls asks how daring is she?"
Penny giggles, "If you get her drunk enough, you can strip her!"
John looks over at her, "I was hoping to see you out there tonight!"
"You never know what I might do either!" she smirks.
John has to tell them, "I have no idea, but she said she was planning on winning."
She comes back, and tells them, "There are only three other girls so far. Can you get me a double shot of Patron, the butterflies are all loose in my tummy."
Kevin volunteers to go get it and heads to the bar.
"I have to go to the back in just a few minutes to get ready, I asked to go last so you will all have to wait to see what my plan is for the win tonight." She further explains.
She walks over to Penny sliding her arm over her shoulder, "You know I could use some competition tonight!" sliding her hand up under Penny's sweater, "At least loose this bra for John and I, we both enjoyed watching you jiggling the other night!" Everyone laughs and giggles agreeing with her.
"Sweetheart I came straight from work to come and cheer for you tonight, I enjoyed seeing your body a few weeks ago, I go that way you know and well I wanted to see more of you!" Penny grins at her, licking her lips, then reaching up pulling Gina to her kissing her on the mouth, slipping her tongue between Gina's lips, giving her boob a quick squeeze through the dress shirt she is wearing.
Everyone at the table cheers the two of them as John just watched this young lady enjoying his wife.
Kevin brings her not one, but two double shots of tequila; Gina downs one of the shots of tequila as the DJ calls for the contestants to go get ready so they can start the "main event," he called it. All her friends cheering for her, as a few collage age looking girls make their way to the side door just off the stage and dance floor area.
Gina gives John one last kiss and grabs the other shot to take with her, looking back at Penny with mixed emotions, all John can do is watch her short hot body wiggling across the dance floor in her red slutty heels, and disappear into the back room.
The DJ keeps inviting more girls to join in, announcing, "There are only five contestants tonight we still have room for more, everyone make sure you get a drink and get ready."
About ten minutes later, after two more songs, he announces the beginning of the contest.
"We have five beautiful young ladies competing tonight so please show them all some love!" He started out with announcement and introduction.
Everyone in the bar cheered and clapped telling him to bring them on.
"First out the gate tonight we have Terri, she is in her 3rd year here at the college working on her master's in animal sciences, everyone let's hear it for Terri!"
The innocent looking little sandy blonde, petite young woman with cute barely "B"ish boobs comes out in a sling shot bikini. It consists of two strings in front and one that comes from her butt crack up her back to join the two strings behind her neck holding three tiny patches in place over her nipples and barely covering her smooth lips below.
She was either shy or afraid she was going to expose something she didn't want too, or she just couldn't dance. However, her bikini was very revealing looking naked from the back except the one string running up her back.
The crowd cheered for her as she showed off her body. After her song ended, she hurried off the stage covering her boobs and barely covered pussy with her hands.
The next girl up, Gretchen, was a brunette with curly shoulder length hair, she kinda looked like a young Brooke Shields, wearing a sheer teddie, her nipples showed through and as she dances, her small breasts slipped in and out the open center.
There was nothing else under it, but that was as bare as she was going to get even though the crowd was begging for more. She was a little more limber in her dancing, bending forward a few times making the back hug her firm tanned butt cheeks. The crowded cheered for her as well, maybe not as much as the first girl.
The DJ announced, "Our next contestant we have tonight is Carol; Carol has just finished her degree in business Management and is still exploring her options while working in the commodities industries. Everyone welcome Carol to the stage!"
A busty red head, slipping out of a shirt, with red tape over her nipples and a tiny red and black G-Sting bottom walked out onto the stage, dropping the button up shirt to the floor. Now she knew how to dance, shaking her boobs and bending over showing off her ass and a bit of her puffy lips peaked from under her bottoms when she would bend far enough.
John could tell she was the favorite so far; bigger tits and round bare ass seem to be helping her win over the crowd. She undid the hook and latch on the side a few times briefly flashing views of her smooth pussy. Knowing how to tease the crowd was helping as well, as she danced closer to the edge of the stage a few guys brushing her ass with their fingertips.
The DJ reminding the crowd, "Please guys, no uninvited touching!"
She finished off bouncing up and down causing her "C" size boobs to jiggle for the crowd's delight. She wasn't shy turning a few times as she left the stage. Picking up her shirt and dropping it on a table near the stage with what appeared to be friends.
"Our fourth contestant tonight is Tammy, she is in her second year here at the college pursuing her degree in criminal justice, she told us she wants to pursue a career in law enforcement. Tammy, come show us what you got young lady!"
Another petite blonde exits the room in a small bikini, the top had cut outs at the bottoms of the cups showing off her small under boobs. The girl was not very blessed up top but had a cute tight ass. The matching bottoms were also a G-string and she was not shy about dropping the bottoms down numerous times flashing her bare pussy lips to the crowd, actually leaving it high on her thighs while she danced several times. The crowd loved her willingness to expose herself for them.
As her song was ending, she pushed the bottoms to her knees and let them drop stepping out of them, then moving her feet apart and bending over at the waist to pick them up, bring a loud cheer from the crowd.
John was clapping for the girl when he realized she was number four, Gina would be out next.
"Our last young lady for tonight is also a local, she tells me she has recently taken a job as a guidance counselor for local college students, everyone welcome Gina!"
She walks out the door with the scarf draped behind her neck and hanging over her boobs. The tails of the scarf barely covering her pussy as she walks up the two steps, her hips, sides and ass are totally bare as her right hand holds the front together and in place. As she steps up onto the stage, she does a slow turn showing off her exposed firm side boobs and completely bare back and ass to the entire encouraging crowd, her cheering section yelling her name.
John is thinking to himself, "She is practically naked in this college bar and enjoying it more than I am." Once she is center stage, she lets go of her grasp on the center of the scarf, she brings her arms up into their hair shaking her ass, bending over a bit allowing the scarf to hang away from her body giving flashes of her large boobs and bare pussy.
She continues to dance the edge of the dance floor, bending and shaking her ass for these college kids. She then moves to the center of the stage where she grabs the ends of the scarf in her hands and then extends her arms out straight from her naked body exposing herself to roaring crowd.
After which she lets go with the left hand and starts to slowly pull the scarf across the back of her neck until she is no longer wearing it, letting it drag the floor, continuing to dance and bend over for the crowd. When she gets near the table where John is watching from, she balls up the scarf and gives it a toss, one of the girls in front of them snatches it out the air as John's nude wife entertains the entire bar.
The song ends to yells, whistle and clapping. The DJ calls all the girls back up, where they line up, the crowd is still cheering. Gina, waving at guys in the crowd and blowing kisses. One of the bouncers comes out with a microphone, "Ok we need everyone to vote for their favorite contestant."
He stands behind the first girl Terri in the tiny sling shot bikini, "Let's hear it for Terri!" As the crowd starts to cheer and clap, she reaches up and pulls the two strings from her shoulders, letting the pile of stings drop to the dance floor, then turns around and bends in half at the waist, knowing if she wants to make it to round two, she has to step it up a bit more. This brings a new round of applause and screams from the guys. She returns to her spot with the arms over her boobs and her hand cupping her bare pussy.
"Wow, didn't see that coming," the bouncer says. "Next we have Gretchen." He holds his hand over her head. The crowd cheers but not as excited.
"Thank you, Gretchen! Next is Carol." She does a few steps forward, unclasping the side again giving the crowd a few flashes of the pussy then returns to her spot. This causes a little extra applause.
"Next up was Tammy!" Before he could finish her name, she pushes the bikini bottoms off her hips again, stepping forward out of them. Dancing to the edge of the dance floor, she says something to one of the guys and turns around. The guy reaches out and pulls the two ties pulling the top from her body. She dances a bit more ending with spreading her feet and bending over shaking her ass.
"Yes, that was Tammy! Next up was Gina, who likes Gina?"
The place explodes in cheers as John's wife steps forward, turns around and bends over grabbing her ankles, with her feet apart flashing her asshole and pink lips, then reaching up between her legs and runs a finger through her slit. Causing the volume to increase even louder.
As Gina returns to her spot, the Bouncer goes to the DJ booth. Then walks back out to center stage. "Ok folks, this is tough, we are going to have a dance off, Teri, Tammy and Gina are our finalist. Carol and Gretchen thank you for participating."
The music starts back up as the three naked women, including John's wife, begin to dance for the crowd like strippers, bending and teasing the crowd. John about to explode in his pants, when Gina moves to the edge of the dance floor, bends over again spreading her ass cheeks with her hands exposing her pussy entrance giving the people close up views.
She allows a few to reach out and touch her, a few more intimately than John was comfortable with, seeing one guy tasting his fingers afterwards. She even took a few hands and placed them on her big boobs allowing them to grope her.
The other two are not as brave or slutty maybe, but John's wife is totally enjoying the attention from these college kids who are young enough for her to be their mom.
When the song ends, the bouncer calls them back to the center, "Ok, let's pick a winner!" He holds his hand over Tammy's head causing the crowd to applaud loudly.
Teri again standing there covering herself but still naked, "And Teri, let's hear it for Teri." She holds her arms out and receives cheers and whistles of appreciation.
"And of course, Gina!" She shakes her big boobs and then turns around again spreading her cheeks, exposing her glistening lips. It is obvious who the winner is, as the screams and yells continue.
The bounce overwhelmingly declares Gina the winner handing her two new, hundred-dollar bills.
She waves them in the air and moves off the dance floor toward her table as the other girls move off the dance floor as well heading briefly to the back room to retrieve their clothes they wore to the bar, some getting dressed. Gina goes to John giving him a big hug, "Told you I was going to win!"
She turns giving Kevin, Brian and several others hugs as well, as they congratulate her on her performance. She picks up John's drink downing it, handing him her prize money. Penny moves to her giving her a hug, then moves her hand down from her shoulder taking her boob into her hand massaging her bare breast and kisses her again, as everyone else, including John watches them.
John waits a few minutes until after the two of them finish making out at the table, before asking Gina if she is going to get her the shirt, she just smiles at him "why?"
He took that as a "No". The music cranks back up and two of the guys at the table take Gina's hand, "Come on Ms. Gina, let's go dance!"
John standing next to Penny as they just watched his naked wife heading out to dance with the two college guys. She was not shy dancing with them grinding into them as they were grinding back into her, disappearing into the crowd on the dance floor. Kevin asks John, "You want me to go get her?"
He seems to be very protective of his adopted cougar mom, "No she is a big girl, she will be fine." He tells Kevin.
Penny tells John, your wife makes me want to go get my toy out the car so we can play with each other.
John smirks at her, "You're still wearing your work clothes, she's not wearing anything, well except her heels, you need to catch up!"
Penny looks into his hungry eyes and reaches under her thin cropped sweater.
John and the other guys watch as her front bra clasp is released allowing her much larger breasts to drop down a little from their confinement. Exposing a sexy bit of her soft under boobs from the bottom of the sweater, as she works the bra straps down under her sleeves and over her hands, then pulling her heavy-duty Victoria Secrets bra from under her top, handing it to John.
The guys all stare at her chest, her hard nipples poking through near the bottom of the tight cropped thin sweater, many of them having seen them in this very bar during past contests.
"And I'm not wearing any panties," she giggles and heads out to dance with Gina and the two guys.
John sees Carol out there dancing still in her tape and G-String, the guy with her feeling her ass and tits as she whips her hair in his face.
Terri returns from the back room carrying a skirt wearing a long button up white blouse going to a table with a few guys. They each hug her, one of the guys opening her shirt up, exposing the sling shot bikini she put back on. He points out Gina too her, obviously encouraging her to lose some or all of what she is wearing.
She shakes her head 'no' not wanting a repeat of her earlier embarrassing exposure to the crowd.
John watches her as she heads to the bar, not seeing Gina or Penny anymore, he heads that way as well to intercept her. "Hay Terri, hi, I am Gina's Husband, and you have nothing to be ashamed of, you rocked it out there."
She tries to smile at him, "Thank you, but I was so embarrassed that I did that, but I needed the money for school, I thought if I was just a bit, you know slutty, I might win some cash to get caught up on my bills."
John tells her, "Nothing to be embarrassed about, you are gorgeous and brave to do what you did!" Telling the bartender, "Make her a double of whatever she is drinking, make me another as well and put hers on my tab."
"Yeah, but words aren't going to pay my bills, I am working two part-time jobs waiting tables and I have a full-time class load." She says shyly.
"Tell you what." He pulls Gina's prize money from his pocket, and then pulls a fifty out his money clip. "I enjoyed watching you dancing, bigger isn't always better and you have a rocking tight body young lady, you go drop what you're wearing on that table and go dance for us and this is yours," Holding out the $250. "But you can't put anything back on until you leave, deal?"
Her frown turns into a smile of surprise, "Yeah I can do that, thank you, you have no idea how happy this makes me, and how much it will help." She wraps her arms around John's neck and kisses his cheek.
The bartender hands them their drinks, she downs a third of it. John smiles at her, "It's mutual, and I hope to see you here at future contests!"
She takes the money in her other hand and heads back to her table. Returning to the table where Gina's friends were, Gina is still unseen on the dance floor, he watches Terri talking to her friends. After downing the rest of her drink, she pulls the shirt off laying it on top of her skirt on the table.
She says something to one of the guys pointing to the dance floor. He nods yes and starts to take her hand. She pulls away and looks over at John and smiles giving him a wink, then pulls the strings off her shoulders letting it drop to the floor and just steps away from it heading out to dance with the guy following her in awe.
They dance a few songs, then the DJ starts talking about upcoming events clearing most of the dance floor, he finally sees Gina and Penny heading back with the two guys following them. She looks so sexy nude in the bar full of clothed people, Penny isn't bad either as her big unrestrained tits sway as she walks.
Penny's sweater a bid stretched out it appears.
"Baby I am so fucking horny right now!" she whispers to John.
He smirks, "Was that dance that good?"
"You have no idea." She smiles, looking over at Penny giving her another wink, taking his drink again almost finishing it.
"Are you ready to leave then?" He asks her.
She finishes his drink, "Oh no, I am loving this! I haven't been naked in a bar since College!"
The music starts back, another one of the guys at the table asks Gina to go dance, she smiles at John, he can tell she is about at her drink limit with her permanent smile and glossed over eyes. He leans into her and whisper, "Don't get lost in the crowd this time, I want to watch you and I think Penny does too!"
She grabs his crotch, "Why you want to watch me get felt up by these college boys don't you?" then giggles, and then kisses his passionately while she gropes him.
She turns away, taking the guy's hand as two more follow them. They try to get her into the crowd like the last two, but she does what John asked, staying near the edge of the dance floor in view of everyone.
Penny hangs back as they watch her head back out. John asks her what year she is in at college, trying to judge her age.
"Oh, I take night school classes finishing up to take the Bar Exam, I work full time as a Paralegal right now, we do mostly commercial real estate litigation, accusations for rich clients and purchasing."
John asks for one of the business cards, telling her that he works with developers and would love to have her on retainer once she gets her ticket.
They watch as Gina starts dancing with the three guys sandwiched in the middle.
Her hands in her hair, everyone watching these three younger guys who tower over Gina, start to grind on John's naked wife, then hands start to explore her body. She does nothing to stop them, as they are groping her tits, her ass, and it appears her pussy as well and she is doing nothing to discourage them, looking over and smiling at John.
She places her hands on the shoulder of the guy in front of her, closing her eyes moving her hips to the music with the fingers buried inside her. John knew he should have been a little concerned, but it actually served to only excited him even more watching them playing with his cougar wife like a toy. This continues until the song ends, the guys having taken turns with her tits and fingering her, not caring her husband was watching from the table.
When the song ends, Gina comes off the dance floor straight to John and Penny, grabbing the table between them. "Holy crap he made me cum out there, my legs are like jelly right now," she starts to giggle her eyes squinting and glassed over from the alcohol she had consumed a bit too much.
Penny asks John why he wasn't concerned about the guys playing with his naked wife.
John just smiles, "I am a voyeur, I have always enjoyed showing her off since their college days and she has recently gotten back into enjoying being an exhibitionist again. I let her have fun and well, the sex afterwards is always incredible, usually for days!"
Gina adds, "If he had it his way, he would keep me like this all the time, you should try it," she slurs, reaching over sliding her hand under Penny's sweater groping her big tit with her petite hand. John watching hoping to see her boobs finally.
She laughs at Gina, "Maybe next time sugar." Letting Gina enjoy her boob, making her nipples get harder.
It is getting late, and the DJ announces last call, Penny telling Gina she needed to get going. Penny leans into Gina kissing her, the two of the parting their lips as their kiss becomes more passionate as Penny gropes Gina's ass.
When they break the kiss, Penny manages to keep herself covered as Gina turns to John, "I am ready to go know, I think I need you inside me, now!"
John grins and looks at the front exit door, then takes Gina's hand leading her to the back of the bar instead, into the men's restroom. There is a guy taking a leak and does a double take when he sees the hot older naked woman from the contest earlier being led into the rest room.
John does not bother with taking her into a stall, turning her around facing the mirror and sink, he was already hard, and she was well lubricated from the dance floor. He quickly undid his belt, button and zipper, then pushed into her wet pussy, each stroke causing his slacks fall further down his legs. The guy just watches her big boobs bouncing in the mirror as John pounds into her leaning over the sink counter.
John only lasts a few minutes before exploding deep inside his once again slutty wife, after so many years of old memories, they are now making new ones.
She pulls him out, turning around and stepping forward kissing him, probing his mouth with her tongue, "I love you so fucking much, Let's head home and do that again!"
He couldn't argue, again he takes her hand leading her back out into the bar stopping at the table. "We have to get going, keep her entertained for a minute's guys, I need to go see someone before we leave."
Terri is walking back to her table with two guys, "Hi again, you said two part-time jobs?"
"Yes sir, one at," John cuts her off handing her his business card.
Call me next week, I may be able to make your life much easier. He is actually able to talk to her instead of her cute little boobs.
John returns to Gina taking her hand, "Let's get you home baby," leading her through the bar and out the front door, ignoring the fact she is nude, cum dripping down her thighs and they have to go several blocks to the parking garage.
She gets several cat calls and comments as they walk the sidewalks to the car, he keeps looking over at her bare jiggling tits and round ass as they walk wondering what she will be doing next with her newfound exhibitionism hobby, also hoping a cop doesn't drive by.
They talk about what had happened on the way home, her explaining she should not have let the guys fondle her like they did, and she hoped he wasn't upset.
He just smiles at her, "It's still just like in college baby, you did some wild shit, but you only fucked me, and I trust you."
She smiled at him turning in her seat kissing him again as he tries to drive, "and that's how it will always be baby!"
After running off the road a few times she moved her mouth to his lap and gave him an incredible blow job the rest of the way home.