The festival - Wife unexpectedly earns some money at a Bikers Festival
My wife Louise has for some time been a little obsessed with bikers, she has always been this way but when the Sons of Anarchy series came out it really increased. I do not ride but can see the appeal in terms of speed, power, and freedom over being stuck on traffic and the confines of a cat. However, it also limited what you could take on a journey and for me just was not pragmatic, so I never learnt to ride. However, Louise always got turned on when she saw or heard a group of bikes and over the years this has not waned, if anything it has grown like an itch that she really needs to scratch.
Louise had fantasized about a biker gang bang and being used by a large group of heavily tattooed and muscled guys in leather, but the reality of most of the bikers we saw in the UK over those in the tv series was usually somewhat wanting, more beer belly and sedentary than edgy and bad.
So, we had largely given up on the idea, however I decided it might be fun to at least check out a biker bar or festival where there might be a wider range of bikers and hopefully Louise could have some fun. So, after a lot searching, I discovered an event which had both live rock music and bikers called hard ride. The website advertising said normally around 4000 bikers and 10 bands over 2 days so it should be fun. I booked us 2 tickets and knowing Louise was not a fan of camping we booked a glamping pod, not very bikerish, but Louise liked her creature comforts and would not be impressed sleeping on a roll mat with nylon over her head.
I decided to make it a surprise and only tell her the week before having already ensured we were both free and we had a house sitter arranged to look after our dogs for the 2 days we would be away. Mid-week I broke the news we were off for a weekend away but not where we were going. Louise immediately started interrogating me.
"Where are we going? What do I need to wear? Are we meeting friends there? What are we doing?"
"you will just have to wait and see, however I will tell you the following, It's a 2 hour drive north, you can wear very little, no need for smart, short skirts, stocking, heels, short dresses and anything sexy you fancy, we do not know anyone there, but I am sure we will meet some cool people, as for what we are doing, we will be having fun".
The plan was to leave late Friday and arrive for early evening before the Saturday music and then leave Sunday. Friday rolled around and Louise was none the wiser, however clearly, she knew the possibility of fun was in the cards as had had her hair done and made an appointment earlier in the week to have her pussy waxed.
"Any Clues?" she asked, I told her nothing other than you may want to bring some leather.
"That's cryptic, fine I shall bring some boots and my leather cincher."
I smiled recalling how stunning Louise always looked in this outfit, her size 8 frame accentuated even further with the leather cincher around her waist wither waxed pierced pussy below and her stunning pert 32c tits above, usually with a collar or stocking s with boots and nothing else, no man or many women could resist.
The last 2 years had been tough for us both as we had been going through a house build, tons of work and had not had a holiday for the last 5 years, the one we had planned 2 years ago had been cut short by the global pandemic so fun had been few and far between. So, a fun weekend was what we both needed, and I hoped the event lived up to the rumours. On checking out a few forums, it had a reputation for getting fun after dark and people seemed to really let their hair down.
So, the afternoon rolled round, I chucked my usual small backpack with wash kit and a few spare T-shirts and a pair of extra jeans in the boot and then Louise dragged out a large suitcase. I would have made a jibe but having seen what she had put in it I was not going to say anything she had put a large selection of very sexy outfits in and a couple of her toys, a large magic wand vibrator and 2 steel dildos a curved one and an eleven inch one which she enjoyed but to date and not managed to use the larger end.
She had chosen to wear a short black dress with thin straps for the drive up and a pair of holdup fishnet stockings, some very sexy leather ankle boots and an elegant but sexy steel collar made of 2 bands of steel and a ring for any connection, she looked fantastic and as she got in the dress rode up giving me a flash of her stocking tops, but I could not see her pussy so had no idea if she was wearing any underwear.
Louise visibly relaxed as we drove to our destination, after listening to some music and general chit chat for the first hour of the drive she started questioning me in earnest as to where we were going. I decided it was time to tell her and see her reaction.
"Fine I give in, no more interrogation we are going to a Biker festival called hard ride"
"But we don't have bikes?"
"That's ok there are some car things there too but it's mainly a biker festival and I figured you might like to see what it's like and there are a bunch of bands, and some good live music too so should be fun, plus about 4000 bikers"
"Hmm that does sound fun"
I could see the cogs turning as Louise was already conjuring up visions of sons of anarchy like bikers and wild parties with good music. She relaxed back into her seat and started looking around as we were now within 15 minutes of the hard ride festival site. As we got closer to the location the road became full of bikers from couples riding in small groups to large groups of 20 - 50 plus riding on bikes from old classic Norton's and Harleys to modern racing bikes. Every bike imaginable was clearly going to be there and every rider imaginable too. The rugged muscly guys were visible along with the bearded older beer bellied guys all with tattoos and rugged denims and leathers.
Louise was now like a kid in a candy shop as we drove to the main site entrance and turned left to the camping area; and parked up behind the pod I had booked. We were a couple of hundred yards from the main stage and the rows of stalls and arenas that threaded out from the main area in a series of channels could clearly be seen, there also appeared to be lots of groups already forming with tents around fire pits and bikes in circles around the edge creating circular party space, some large some small. After a quick freshen up and stretch from the journey we decided to head out and see who was playing.
We walked down towards the main stage as the sun was setting and the site was starting to wake up, there was a clear energy in the air as so many bikers had left their working week behind and were here to party. A cover band was playing a selection of classic rock from Nirvana to nine-inch nails as we walked through the crowd. It was clear most the bikers belonged to clubs of some sort or another as many wore club emblems and motifs, some cool artwork was on display and many of the women were also clearly on display with very little being worn, with short skirts and sheer tops the predominant look. Louise looked stunning in her short dress with very low-cut top and short dress which flashed her stocking tops as she walked. I could see a lot of bikers checking her out as we moved past the groups of bikers and heard several comments and whistles as they watched her pass.
We headed to the bar and grabbed a couple of drinks before moving closer to the main stage area to watch the current band playing. The music was good, and Louise was soon dancing and really starting to let he hair down, it was only 9pm and the night was young, the sun had now set, and the main arena area started to become full with bikers. I noticed there were about 3 men to every woman there, so all the women were getting a lot of attention and a lot of drinks where being knocked back as everyone started to party.
The band stopped playing just as a large guy in his 50's climbed onto the stage he was wearing worn leathers, a jacket with a devil riding a bike out of hell motif and a sergeant's stripes with a crossed set of guns intimating he was sergeant at arms so basically one of the clubs' enforcers. He was heavily tattooed and had huge arms, as he climbed onto the stage the crowd went quiet, he clearly commanded respect.
"Welcome to Hard Ride, it's time to party, and to warm everyone up its time for a little skin"
Louise looked at me quizzically, I shrugged my shoulders but guessed it would be a wet T-shirt contest for the men to get horny over and no doubt frustrated about.
However, as an area of stage was cleared 4 black half barrels were brought onto the stage, they looked like a kind of saddle, and all had power cables running from them. Clearly many in the crowd knew what they were as they started cheering.
Once all the barrels/saddles were in position and facing out from the stage across the excited crowd the MC came back on and began to wind up the crowd.
Louise was now in front of me and pushing her bottom back into my crotch as she listened to the MC.
"Right, you animals it's time to start the fun, we appreciate all you guys have ridden hard to be here tonight so it's time for the ladies to do some riding instead of just sitting pillion". A few cheers went up as the MC continued.
"We need 4 volunteers to come and ride the bucks, whoever lasts longest will get a special prize". For those unfamiliar with the buck, each of the half barrels was a powerful vibrating sex toy that had a series of nubs aligned to a woman's pussy in such a way that it vibrated the clitoris and across her whole pussy. We had seen them before at a sex convention but never live and in front of a crowd, let alone a crowd of bikers.
"Come on ladies, let's get a move on".
Two brunettes ; clearly friends and clearly full of Dutch courage climbed onto the stage, both sported short denim skirts and bikini tops, one was skinny the other very curvy and had clearly only just squeezed into her top, they clearly liked being watched as it was still a warm evening yet their nipples were engorged and poking through the thin material, they moved across the stage and stood behind the two furthest bucks as the guys nearest them cheered and made lewd comments.
"2 more ladies come on its time to ride, the prize will be worth it". There was movement from our right as another woman a slim red head stepped forward to climb up onto the stage, she was in her mid-30's with striking blue eyes and wearing a very short leather mini skirt with a bright neon pink fence net top with pierced nipples clearly showing through. She clearly enjoyed the attention as took her time mounting the stage and attracted a lot of wolf whistles as she was wearing a tiny thong visible as she climbed the steps onto the stage with a flash of her ass.
"Come on ladies we need 4 to ride, one more." Louise looked at me and grinned, I grinned back and nodded my head, we both new she loved to be exposed and this should be fun, as she started to move towards the stage the crowd realised, she was to be the fourth to ride the sex machines and a cheer went up.
Louise's short black dress and fishnets with her ankle boots were clearly popular, as the guys nearest the stage caught an eyeful of ass as Louise climbed onto the right side of the stage and stepped past the other women to stand behind the last remaining machine. I noticed the first two girls look Louise up and down with a hint a jealousy and a sneer, if Louise saw it, she ignored them, she often had women either hit on her or see her as a threat and act like this.
As the crowd settled back down the MC started to lay down the rules, "Ok ladies thank you for coming" a cheer went up at the obvious pun.
"The rules are simple, whoever manages to cum last wins, however you will not have control over the machines, all of the machines will be controlled by me, anyone lifting off the machines is out of the contest" In the interest of fairness we ask that you all strip down to at least your underwear so there is no unfair advantage". The MC was clearly looking at the women with denim shorts, the crowd cheered as they both wiggled out of the shorts and remained stood in matching black thongs with biker emblem on them.
Shouts of get them off were ignored by the two women but with a grin they both reached behind them to undo their bikini tops and with a quick shake freed their breasts, the crowd loved it and the atmosphere was getting hot.
The MC hushed the crowd and looked at Louise and the redhead. The redhead was clearly keen to show she was game also and pulled down on a small zip at the side of her mini shirt and stepped out of leather to reveal a tiny neon pink micro thong that just about encased her pussy lips, she left her top on but since it was a fence net her breasts where already on display and her pierced nipples where clearly aroused as pushing out through the holes in the top.
As the crowd noise lulled once more all eyes turned to Louise, Louise loves to be exposed in public, but I was not sure how far she would go. She looked out across the crowd and grinned before reaching behind herself as she undid a zip at the back of the dress and then slipped both dress straps off her shoulders.
A huge cheer went up as the dress slipped down her legs and over her stocking tops, I knew she had no bra on as the dress would not allow for one, but I had not realised she was not wearing a thong or G-string either. Her shaved and pierced pussy was on full display to the crowd of at least 2000 hungry eyes. The crowd was going wild at the sight as Louise stood in only her collar, hold up fishnets and the black ankle boots.
"Damn I love my Job" the MC stated. Right ladies enough winding up the crowd lets ride, mount the bucks. All four women straddled the machines and got into a position they felt comfortable in.
"Remember no lifting off or your out and last rider wins" the MC shouted. Louise was clearly in her element as the crowd was whistling and shouting for the competition to begin. The MC nodded to the band and music started, the initial chords of Guns and Roses Sweet Child of mine began, at the same time the MC clearly switched on the devices as all the women clutched the front of the machines as the vibrations began to hit them.
Within minutes the women were clearly all being affected, the two brunettes were first to go, both started to moan and were obviously setting each other off. They were now grinding their pussies hard into the vibrating numbs of the machine and within 30 seconds of each other both had cum, with the crowd cheering them on. A biker on stage helped lift them up off the machines and the MC threw them each a T-Shirt as they left the stage, before turning back to the crowd.
"Looks like we have some serious riders' folks, lets up the ante" the MC turned to his left and 2 tall well-built bikers stepped forward, both now stood behind Louise and the redhead. With a nod from the MC they both straddled the machines sitting tightly behind the two women. Each now reached around with heavily tattooed and muscled arms and started to play with the women's nipples, even over the music both could be heard to let out a moan, Louise loved her nipples played with and clearly so did the red head.
The biker behind the redhead started to really pull on the redheads pierced nipples; stretching them out through the fishnets and using the metal rings to really stretch them. This was too much for the redhead and she started to moan loudly until she pushed herself down extra hard onto the machine and with a load gasp clearly came. The biker behind her gave her a moment and then helped her of the machine as the MC handed her a leather jacket as her prize for coming second.
The MC raised his mike as the crowd roared with approval, looking at Louise who was concentrating hard not to cum still, the MC shouted "we have a winner and she looks like she really likes to ride". Louise was clearly close to cumming but the biker behind her stood up and the machine stopped vibrating. I could see she really wanted to cum and was extremely turned on after all the exposure.
Louise picked up her dress as the crowd roared and the MC turned to her and handed her a large envelope before escorting her off the back of the stage and the band began to play again. I moved round to the find the back of the stage to find out where Louise had got to. As I came around the back, I could see Louise still naked with her dress in one hand and the envelope in the other talking to the MC. As I approached, I could see they were in discussion, Louise turned to me as I joined them.
"This is my husband John" she told the MC, "John this is Mike, and he has a proposition for me, well us really".
I raised an eyebrow, "well what the proposition?" I asked.
"He wants to know if I would be up for entertaining the chapter, it's their 30thbirthday and the girl who was supposed to join them this weekend has been a no show, they are prepared to pay"
"How much and what does this entertainment involve Mike?" I asked.
Mike grinned and then responded, "Let me be honest with you guys, I can see your wife is not exactly shy or I would not dream of asking this, but for the anniversary we wanted to get a super-hot girl who would entertain the whole chapter, that's 30 guys, and by entertain that would be; give them a show and then let them play with you and those limits are up to you, but the tradition is the whole chapter gets their rocks off. How you achieve that is up to you".
Louise looked at me, I could see she was nervous but also excited and knowing her as I did, she would want to do this. She also liked me to take control in these kinds of situations and her submissive side was alive and well.
I grinned back at Mike, "she will do it, but let's agree a fair price, Louise do you want to get your clothes on while I sought this with Mike?".
I pulled Mike to the side "ok so what do you really want her to do for the chapter, just tell me exactly what you want and then we can agree a fair price and we can ensure it nothing outside her limits".
We discussed what was required and agreed a fair price, Mike shook my hand and then left me, as I headed back to Louise with a smile, "ready to go?".
Louise looked at me quizzically "what do I have to do?"
"Well let's walk and talk they want us back to their campground for 11:30pm and its already 10pm"
"Ok but what do they want?" Louise asked again.
I replied, "so, they want the whole chapter to get their rocks off and they don't care how you achieve it, however the senior members of the chapter; the President, VP and Sergeant at arms, will all want to fuck you".
Louise looked at me with a grin "ok I am up for it and I know you will keep an eye on things, how much am I to be paid for all this entertainment?"
I was not sure what realistically I could do if things got out of hand but Mike seemed a decent enough guy and we had previously had some crazy adventures and Louise loved them so what the hell.
"Mike is going to pay you £2000 for the night and let's be clear you will be the one earning it so it's yours".
Louise sucked in her breath, "wow that's a lot, I better get ready, see you in 30". Louise ducked into the glamping pod and disappeared into the bathroom grabbing her suitcase, I left her to it as I grabbed a beer and stuffed a load of condoms into my jacket pockets to ensure Louise was protected throughout the evening.
An hour later and I nearly choked on my beer as Louise emerged from the bathroom, she was still wearing her steel collar but everything else had changed, she had on a leather cincher around her waist that just accentuated her figure even further. Below the cincher was a fence net black micro bikini bottom made from fence net with tie sides that just covered her pussy lips, a shiny curved piercing was with a single shiny jewel was poking through the holes in the material. Her legs were clad in a pair of thigh high leather boots further lengthening her legs with 4-inch heels. She was topless but her nipples were already very hard with anticipation of what was to come. Around her shoulders was a long cape with a single tie at the neck.
The cape at least should enable us to get to the chapters area of the campground without getting into any other trouble. She had a small bag in her left hand, I guessed filled with makeup and lube, though she was already looking amazing so did not need any further makeup.
"Ready to go"? I asked. Louise was clearly horny and ready. She simply nodded, leant in kissed me and then said, "let's go".
We walked arm in arm across the site, the music was still blaring out and would be for many hours to come as the band s played to the main crowd, we headed past the main stage and a few hundred meters later spotted the Chapters camp area, obvious by the large flags with their logo of a devil riding a bike into hell.
There was a large fire burning and bikes all round it, behind the fire and bikes where 2 large vans and what appeared to be a large flat trailer about 2ft off the floor making an impromptu low stage all parked in a rough U shape which formed a large area that was full of around 30 or 40 Bikers. One of the vans was clearly the bar with beers and shots being handed out the back. Another was acting as the DJ booth with loud rock music playing, what was odd was their appeared to be no women present, Louise turned to me "where are all the women?", I replied "Mike told me they all arrive tomorrow hence why tonight is their opportunity to really do what they want without recourse".
Before Louise could respond Mike appeared and welcomed us both, "perfect timing, you ready?" he asked Louise. She simply nodded. "Anything you need?"
"Well of if you can just tell me where you want me and put some music on that I can dance to, not sure the current song would work" Louise responded.
"Ok no problem, let me just check your ready" before either of us could say anything Mike pushed his hand between Louise's legs and felt her pussy, pushing his large hand up against her fence net bikini, before pulling it out and grinning as he saw his fingers were covered in her juices. "Very good".
Mike then took Louise hand and lead her through the group of bikers, the effect was instant, wolf whistles and cheers went up as they watched Louise being led to the trailer which was clearly to be her stage.
A hush slowly came over the group as Mike climbed onto the stage and lifted Louise up, with his hands hushing the group further, he began "ok guys as you know it's a 30thanniversary and as such we need to celebrate with something very special, well here she is" a cheer went up. Once the bikers had hushed again Mike stepped behind Louise and reaching around her undid the tie at her throat that held her cape in place before taking it off her shoulders and sliding his hands down her arms to reveal her in full. The group let out a cheer as they ogled her body and took in all the details, Louise was clearly enjoying the exposure and attention as the group pushed forward to get closer to see her.
Mike mock kicked them back from the stage front.
"For one night only gentlemen she is here for our entertainment, Louise the floor is yours".
The music began and Louise bent down to place the bag she was still holding next to her cape on the floor, she then started to dance, initially she spun, swayed with the music, and gyrated her hips suggestively, clearly enjoying the effect she was having on the men whilst getting more and more turned on. As I watched the group, I could see they were getting restless and wanted to see more, Louise was also clearly reading the groups mood as they were getting hornier and louder. She moved to the front and set of leather and heavy denim clad arms reached up to grab at her legs. One biker was successful in grabbing a tie side on her bikini and as she pulled back it undid one side of her bikini, Louise was clearly playing with them as she moved forward once more and another biker grabbed the other tie side and once again tugged as Louise danced, the micro bikini was released and swiftly pocketed as a souvenir no doubt.
A cheer went up as her pussy was now fully exposed, Louise's plan was clearly to work these guys up into a frenzy as she opened her legs and pushed her hips forward, her shaven lips parted and an obvious wetness coating them from her arousal was visible in the firelit stage with her piercing just below her clit glinting in the light.
Many of the bikers were now openly rubbing their crotches with several large bulges present, if she kept this up, she was going to get mauled quickly. The music changed and a slightly slower song began, Louise turned her back to the bikers and bent over with slightly parted legs giving the group a fantastic view of her pert ass and bare pussy lips as she bent over slowly picking up the bag, she had brought with her.
At this point I had no idea what she had brought having assumed it contained some condoms, lube or make up. However, I was to be surprised, turning to the group she pulled out a large metal dildo, I recognised it instantly having bought it for her last Christmas. The dildo simply called the Njoy eleven was an eleven-inch metal phallus that was solid surgical steel.
Louise knelt on the stage just out of the reach of the group and began to excite the crowd further, running the phallus over her nipples before mock sucking it and then trailing it towards her pussy. Louise has an incredibly tight pussy, so I guessed she was also planning on ensuring she was ready for anything as she started to the rub the head of the phallus over her pussy.
The bikers were now clearly worked up as I saw at least 7 or 8 of them had their cocks out and were openly wanking as they watched Louise start to fuck herself with the toy. Louise was looking into the eyes of each of these men as she began to stuff the toy deeper into her pussy and slowly increased the pace as she fucked herself harder and opened her pussy up, spreading her legs and arching back so they could see her cunt clearly as it stretched around the steel dildo. After a few minutes it was clear she wanted the real thing and there was no shortage on offer to satisfy her as she withdrew the dildo and looked around the group for her first lover.
At this point the entire group would have mauled Louise had it not been for Mike arriving on stage with 3 other men. Louise sat up from her splayed position on her back as Mike lifted her up to her knees and without a word pushed her head toward the crotch of a tall older man who was clearly the president Don.
Don looked down on Louise and smiled he was in in mid-60's and a beast of a man easily 6ft 3 and heavily muscled, many dark tattoos snaked up his arms to the cut off jacket he wore and heavy leathers. Louise knew what was required and deftly unzipped his leathers, reaching inside I saw her struggle to free the large bulge that was inside. Don reached down, pushing Louise's hand away he pulled out his cock, it was around 9 inches and very thick.
Don guided his cock into her mouth as she pushed out her tongue to meet him, running her tongue up the underside of his cock and across his bulbous head which was growing under her attention still further and leaking pre cum. Louise sucked and tongued Don as he continued to grow harder, his VP (Sam) and Sergeant at Arms (Jim) had now also taken out their cocks and were wanking as they watched Louise extend her tongue and lap at the head of their president's cock.
A leather covered mattress was pulled out onto the stage and Louise was guided back onto it, Don was clearly ready to fuck and had no intention of just kneeling on the old trailer, releasing his cock from her mouth, he was now heavily engorged and wanted to use her pussy. Louise leant forward to take him into her mouth, but the Sam and Jim grabbed her arms and pulled her back, so she lay on her back with her arms spread out.
"Open your legs slut" Don commanded; Louise willingly opened them as wide as she could as he lowered his bulk onto her. I had been so caught up watching that I hade forgotten to offer condoms to them, however seeing the crowd and the quiet dominance that Don exuded it was clear they would be ignored. Don guided his cock to her entrance; Louise was soaking wet but still tight, so I expected Don to work into her slowly.
Clearly, he had other intentions as in one rough push he forced his huge cock head into her, Sam and Jim stopped her moving away as they continued to hold her in their large hands. Dons cock speared into her cunt and with a satisfied groan he began to fuck her hard, driving into her with his full weight, leaning forward he kissed her roughly as he fucked her, Louise responded eagerly, moaning as their tongues entwined.
Don increased his pace as his orgasm approached, thrusting harder and deeper into her cunt, white cream appearing around his cock as her juices leaked out from the rough the treatment and her arousal. With a roar and the sound of his balls slapping her asshole he came for what seemed like ages as he emptied his balls inside her.
Louise moaned she had clearly been close to coming herself, however her lover had not paced himself to accommodate her as she was purely there to entertain. As his cock wilted, he pulled out of her and a thick stream of cum could be seen dribbling from her already swollen cunt. Within Seconds Sam the VP was between her legs, having watched her use by Don he was clearly eager to also fuck her. He was around 6ft and wiry with lean muscles and a short beard flecked with grey. Unlike Don his cock was only around 6 inches long however his girth was impressive, he rubbed the head of his cock over her pussy mound, she moaned as her lips and clit were once again stimulated by the pressure of his thick cock.
Whilst Sam continued to tease her with the head of his cock, Jim held both her wrists over her head and with his free hand was playing roughly with her breasts, pulling on her engorged nipples in turn which were now very hard and swollen. Louise was now raising her hips urging Sam to fuck her. He took his cock and guided it to her entrance, scooping the combined juices escaping from her pussy and pushing his cock forward into her soaking hole, her lips stretched around him as he eased into her. She moaned as he slowly inched inside her with small thrusts, once he had about half of his cock inside, he held her hips and pulled her further onto his cock until she was fully impaled on him.
He now began fucking her with a deep angled motion that was clearly hitting her G-Spot as her moans were building with each thrust and as he his increased tempo. After several minutes she came; moaning out loud and to a cheer from the watching crowd who were now all around the mattress eager to take their turn. Sam continued fucking her as she orgasmed, his own breathing now increasing as his orgasm approached, he started to now shout expletives at her, calling her a slut and a piece of fuck meat, this clearly got him off as he increased his tempo and with a roar he sunk fully into her, spurting hard inside of her and unleashing torrents of cum into her, Louise moaned with pleasure as she felt his spurts deep inside her cunt.
Jim the Sergeant at Arms was next, it was clear why he was Sergeant at Arms he was over 6ft, with a broad set of shoulders, huge arms, and thick black shortly cropped hair, he was an imposing man with a strong jaw and a glint in his eye. The crowd moved back to give him room as he commanded respect. He was clearly ready to fuck as his cock jutted out an impressive 9 or 10 inches with heavy girth, he clearly did not simply want to fuck her in the missionary position as Don and Sam had. He turned Louise over onto all fours and pushed her legs apart into a submissive and exposed position with her head down, rubbing his cock along her now soaking slit he coated his cock in her juices and the cum from his fellow bikers and lined his cock up at her entrance. He then placed both hands on her hips and pushed into her, Louise gasped as he stretched her with his cock and moaned as he ground into her.
He fucked her slowly and deeply for several minutes as if just playing with her like a toy, it was clear he had fucked a lot of women and knew what he was doing as he showed no signs of cumming quickly. The crowd were now getting restless, nearly all the men had their cocks out by now and were openly wanking as they took in the scene of Louise being fucked on all fours.
Jim pulled Louise up from her fully submissive head down position, so she was fully on all fours and nodded to the nearest man, "use her mouth". A short, large bellied man in oily denims with a straggly beard who was wanking a fat cock edged forward onto the mattress, Louise raised her head and found her mouth stuffed with his cock as soon as she opened her mouth, he pushed his groin into her ensuring he was able to fully enjoy her mouth as he began to fuck it in earnest with his belly rubbing against her forehead on each thrust.
Jim appeared to be slowing his pace, I thought perhaps he was about to cum and wanted to pace himself, however it was clear he had other plans as he pulled his cock out glistening with all the juices from Louise cunt and began to rub his hard cockhead over her ass hole. Slowly increasing the pressure as her entrance relaxed, he edged the tip of his cock inside her ass. Louise moaned around the cock in her mouth as she felt the new penetration, the biker using her mouth was clearly enjoying the view of ass fucking as he pushed hard into her mouth as he came. Holding onto her head Louise had no option but to swallow his cum, until he wilted and slipped out of her mouth, she took a deep breathe and looked up only to see another cock heading towards her.
She opened her mouth and took the new cock in her mouth and began tonguing it, she had no idea who the owner was or what he even looked like. Jim was now increasing the pace as he fucked her ass and her orgasm was building as he started to fuck her deeply, after a few minutes he gripped her hips hard and grunted as he unloaded inside her ass, filling her ass with his cum. At the same time the biker in her mouth came, he pulled back from her mouth and spunked across her face before rubbing his cock over her lips urging her to lick him clean, Louise's tongue darted out and licked him, she then scooped the remaining cum on her face up with her fingers and licked it, it was clear she was enjoying being a slut and was ready for more.
As Jim eased out of her the image was extraordinary, Louise on all fours with her ass in the air, cum leaking from her ass and pussy, her pussy lips already swollen from the rough fucking they had received, her breasts swollen with arousal with her nipples pointing out like bullets and cum dribbling from her mouth; and so far, she had only had 5 men fuck her. There were at least another 30 in the crowd.
Seeing Jim was finished the crowd now moved forward, it was clear there was a pecking order in the club and two rough queues formed at Louise's head and between her legs. Two rough looking bikers moved forward, one shuffled onto his back and urged Louise to climb on top of him, she did as instructed lowering her pussy over him before reaching down to grasp his cock and guide it into her hole as she sank down onto him, she was offered a beer by the crowd and clearly thirsty opened her mouth the beer was poured directly into her mouth and down over her chest covering her tits with beer. The biker underneath her now urged her down as he wrapped an arm around her neck and pulled her down to roughly kiss her, Louise loved being kissed and responded eagerly. As she kissed him the second biker who had now stripped from the waist down position himself behind them both as he eased himself behind her, it was clear he intended to also penetrate her. I pushed forward to see him lining his cock up with her pussy, his cock was long but not too thick so he might just fit, moving forwards he pushed his cock in and as the pressure increased, he was able to enter her.
Louise let out a deep moan as the second biker entered her, it was clear these guys intended to thoroughly use her as they began to rock their hips both driving as deep as they could into her pussy which was once again tight with two cocks stuffing it. She began to moan as they increased the pace and then as her moaning reached a crescendo, they both clenched all cumming together and filling her pussy with another two loads of cum.
As the biker shuffled out from under her she was lifted onto another man already lying on his back and stroking his cock, without ceremony she was impaled on his cock, plugging the streams of cum that were now leaking from her cunt. She was pushed forward again and briefly saw an older biker with long grey hair behind her, she had no time to take in any other details as she felt her metal collar being held, a biker was clipping a short lead onto it, no doubt to aid her control as the group used her, the older biker behind her was now easing his cock into her ass so she was stuffed doubly once more.
Another older man possibly in his late sixties with a lean mean look about him was standing over the group with a wide stance allowing him to push his cock into Louise's mouth, I now saw he was holding the lead and controlling her pace, Louise's hands were now directed to 2 further bikers cocks and encouraged to wank them.
She was now being used by 5 bikers and the group were clearly loving it, the depravity of the situation was clearly turning them all on and Louise was getting off on it too, as I could see her actively grinding back against the men inside her cunt and ass urging them to add their cum to the loads already inside her, the old man holding her lead was pulling her down to deep throat his cock as he built to his orgasm. The group were now in a rhythm and were using her as they pleased, commenting on what a good slut she was and how good her cunt and ass felt as they each enjoyed her body.
The group did not last long and within 5 minutes of fucking her had cum, as they pulled out of her, her holes gaped and pools of frothy cum could be seen leaking from inside of her. She was breathing heavily from the rough fucking she had received but still not exhausted, Mike who had been watching up to this point decided it was time he had some fun. There were still about 20 bikers waiting to use Louise and it was not clear how they were all going to get through her.
Mike stepped forward before the next group could start playing with Louise, "bind her" clearly this meant something to the bikers as Louise was once again flipped onto her back and a biker came forward with a length of hemp rope which he formed into cuffs on both her ankles and wrists, each was then attached to 4 metal rings that were sunk into the corners of the leather mattress, before they were tightened a foam wedge was placed under her bottom.
Louise was now completely spread eagled her pussy exposed with her piercing glinting from between her wet swollen pussy lips, the wedge having the effect that her pussy and asshole were both available, her nipples were rock hard, and she was looking around, I caught her eye to check she was ok, she gave me an excited smile back, she was ready for whatever they had in mind.
Mike leaned over her and whispered something into her ear, she took a moment, let out a deep sigh and then nodded, Mike stood up turned to the group and said "where is James?", a man stepped forward still fully clothed, he had greying hair, kind eyes in a striking face with a strong jaw, his body was lean but muscled with large strong arms covered in unique tattoos, of trees and tribal designs rather than the usual bikes and flags that many of the others sported.
Mike leaned into James and spoke to him, I could not make out what was said but James nodded and disappeared through the crowd, a minute later he reappeared with a small bag. The bikers parted as he stepped forward onto the trailer and knelt beside Louise, bending over her he talked softly to her before sitting up and watching her, she again nodded and then softly said "yes".
James opened the bag and pulled out a small bottle with clear liquid, he took a small piece of cloth and wiped it over Louise's breasts concentrating on her nipples thoroughly cleaning them of any cum or saliva. He next pulled out a small rolled up package and unrolled it, inside were a pair of small surgical steel clamps a series of needles and set of steel rings.
As James prepared his equipment, Mike knelt next to Louise and inserted two fingers inside of her pussy and started to slowly rotate his hand stimulating her G spot whilst applying pressure with his thumb to her clit.
Once he had thoroughly wiped down Louise's nipples and his equipment, he held her left nipple between the clamp which had a small hole through its side, he then swiftly picked up another clamp holding a slightly curved needle. He looked at Louise, she nodded and took a breath, James pushed the needle through the hole and pierced her nipple just as Mike increased the pressure on her G-Spot. Louise gasped with pleasure and pain as James swiftly connected a circular barbell to the needle and pulling it through completed the first nipple piercing. James now repeated the process with the second piercing whilst Mike continued to stimulate Louise as the needle pierced her.
The two fresh piercings looked stunning with the surgical steel rings accentuating Louise's nipples and setting off her Clit hood piercing with the matching steel. The group had clearly all enjoyed the brief change of tempo and seeing Louise being pierced but were eager to continue enjoying her body.
Mike whilst still playing with Louise Pussy spoke to the group "time for a fast ride, there are at least 20 of you left so no messing about as we have some drinking to do, form two queues cum in her or on her and then let the next man in, ok" a collective "yeah" rang out and a series of nods could be seen, clearly the more junior members of the bikers chapter would have to be quick.
Two rough queues formed at Louise's head and between her legs as the bikers came forward and started to use her, there was no patience as they used her like a cheap whore, cocks were forced into her mouth as men squatted over her to fuck her mouth before cumming and being replaced by another either ejaculating in her mouth or over her face. Similarly, the men between her legs were shoving their cocks into eagerly, some using her pussy some using her ass, all seemed eager to cum inside of her as a pool of cum was soon leaking out of her holes, just as the cum leaked out of her, further was added as the next biker pushed his cock into her and fucked her to his orgasm.
The rough fucking and being openly used like a piece of meat or cheap whore was clearly turning Louise on as she was raising her hips and straining against the rope bonds to meet each of the bikers as they plunged into her. This in turn was encouraging the group to try and find her limits as each biker tried to fuck her even harder and more roughly than the last, even those that pulled on her new nipple rings were turning her on. She was getting off on the pain and debasement as the group slowly worked through her each leaving her with a fresh load of cum inside her. The group was now nearly finished, after nearly 2 hours over 35 bikers had taken turns fucking Louise and she had enjoyed multiple orgasms even whilst having her nipples pierced. The final biker an older grey-haired man with a paunch stepped forward, before him Louise lay with cum running from her cunt and seeing the biker urged him forward pushing her hips up, apparently still horny, the old man slowly unzipped his jeans and reaching inside pulled out his cock, I took a double take as he appeared huge and was not even fully hard.
Grinning he leered at Louise and started to stroke his cock between her legs, it continued to grow, a shout went out "hey horse is having a go". A cheer went up and the bikers who had already fucked Louise and were now getting some serious drinking on turned back to the stage to watch. The man's nickname was now becoming clear as his gnarled cock continued to grow into what looked like the forearm of a man or in fact a horse's cock, it was around a foot long and ridiculously thick. It was fitting then this man should go last as a finale but also as Louise's pussy might just be able to take this man's cock.
Louise's eyes were staring in disbelief at the size of the cock as he started to rub the fist like head against her swollen pussy, Horse now pushed forward his cock stretching her thoroughly used cunt and with increasing pressure he pushed inside of her. Louise moaned as his cock started to inch into her; incredibly stretching her more than even the two cocks who had fucked her earlier had, her G-spot was being hit with incredible pressure and a wave of pleasure started rising within her. Groaning loudly Horse began to increase his pace as Louise's cunt stretched to accommodate his huge cock, holding her hips he continued to push inside her, the inches of giant cock disappearing inside of her cunt as the pleasure built inside her. He now began to fuck her properly as she responded, between her moans she started to talk "fuck me, fuck me harder, fill me with your cum".
Horse responded by upping his tempo; pistoning in and out of her pussy harder and faster as his own orgasm approached, he started to growl, Louise met his thrusts and was now taking his entire cock. They could not last long both building to reach their own peak, Horse came just before Louise erupting inside of her shooting what seemed like torrents of cum inside of her just as Louise came hard, arching her back and screaming in pleasure at the massive cock pulsing inside of her.
Horse now exhausted slowly eased out of her and her gaping pussy expelled his wilting cock as a stream of cum ran from her. I noted Mike and James had not yet fucked her and it was clear neither were about to.
Louise remained bound as I moved up to the trailer and Mike and James stepped up to stand by her head, both had a beer in hand and were deep in conversation, Mike finished the conversation and grinned at James as I approached. "Do you want to use her?" I asked.
"Not for now, we shall be in touch regarding that part of the deal after all we are part of the chapter and have not enjoyed her yet". I was about to remonstrate that they had had plenty of opportunity but thought better of it.
Mike turned to me "she was amazing, thanks for bringing her and here is the fee" Mike handed me a thick envelope and her cape. He then turned back to James and they both returned to their conversation.
I knelt, untied Louise and helped her to her feet as she rubbed her wrists and stretched her cum covered body, she was clearly still on a sexual high as I put the cape around her and lead her off the stage and back towards our glamping pod. It had been an epic night and as we walked back to our pod the fatigue set in, as she crashed onto our bed, I wondered what Mike had meant with his we will be in touch quip.