THE PERFORMANCE - CHAPTER THREE
"So Sasha told me that Jason was very impressed with my professionalism, attention to detail and my ideas for the show," Cate said to me upon entering the room. "I just got off the phone with her. She apologized for leaving me stranded with her husband and said that she hoped that he was on his best behaviour. I absolutely know what she meant by that. She's obviously very aware of his...cheeky nature."
"Did she say if he mentioned your tits?" I asked, being the smartass that I can be at times.
"Haha. Very funny. Why yes. Of course he did you silly man. In fact, she told me that Jason mentioned he thought they were absolutely fabulous and he hopes that he gets to see more of them," she joked back. "It wasn't as see-through as you think. Leave it alone already."
"Ha. Yes it was. One could plainly see your areola and nipples through the blouse and bra," I said. "Not that I have a problem with it. You know that I am fine with as many men seeing you as naked as you want to be. Any time. Any place. Well, just about. Frankly, I'm still amazed that you had the guts to actually go out in public like that. I'm telling you man, I bet boners were springing up uncontrollably all over the place. Proud of ya baby."
"You're an idiot. But I love you anyway," she said playfully. "I'm glad you got yourself a little thrill out of it, and if I'm honest, I felt pretty sexy. And empowered. And brazen. And maybe just a touch...I don't know...slutty? No. Not slutty. But something. Maybe I'm opening up to your fetish a little. I mean, I have no problem being a tease and playfully frisky onstage when I'm doing the burlesque stuff but I've never really felt the urge to explore that sort of thing in real life, as it were. A performance is just a performance to me. But being exposed in public is a whole different ball game. I've always been a little afraid of that...or maybe embarrassed. I know if you had your way I'd be braless under see-through tops and wearing miniskirts outside all day long."
"And no underpants," I added. "May as well go all out I say. Just let me know when this takes place and I'll be there to document the moment. Speaking of documenting the moment...is anyone going to video your performances?"
"Actually that was something I did not think of. Good question. Since there's a stage with lights and a backdrop it might be a great opportunity to get some good footage that I can use for FB ads or something," she said realizing it could be a good bonus to the gig.
"Well maybe I can shoot it for you," I offered. "I'd be happy to."
"Hmm. Ok. Fine by me. But I don't know if you are actually allowed to be there. Yet another thing I neglected to ask. Perhaps I was too dazzled by Mr. McFlirty for my brain to function properly. Good thing I got out of there before he could charm the pants off me. I'll call and ask these questions tomorrow."
I chuckled at that last comment as she retreated to her studio for what I was sure was going to be a few hours of choreo rehearsal, working on music cues and wardrobe choices or adjustments. Basically prep for the show. This is the kind of thing she gears up for and I knew that come show time her act would be tighter than two coats of paint. Those lucky enough to witness the fruits of this luscious labour would be well and truly knocked out. Those twelve men (yikes...dirty dozen?) were in for a real treat and no mistake.
Hours later she returned to my own little studio and said that she just received a text message from Jason asking if they could have another quick in-person meeting to go over a few details and schedules that they hadn't touched on during their lunch. Apparently he said that there may or may not be a guy from the venue present to talk tech details if necessary. He also said that he was very busy during business hours at the moment, and wondered if she could shake free in the evening sometime so they could have the discussion over drinks or a light dinner. The hotel where everything was going to be happening is two doors down from his office building and he thought it might be an ideal place to meet. That way, if he had to go back to the office afterwards it would be a quick walk for him.
"When's this supposed to happen?" I asked curiously.
"Tomorrow evening at 7:00," she replied, looking at her phone and re-reading his text. "I will make a note to ask him about the video idea and whether you can be at the show. I don't see why not. It's not like you need to be fed or anything. I'm sure that they will just come up to the venue following their big dinner which is going to be held one floor below in the same building. But who knows? Maybe the room capacity is only twelve. We'll see."
I was in for another shock the next day when Cate had finished getting ready for her 'date with Mr. Wonderful' as I had been calling it. She walked down the hall towards me in black high heels, a thin, dark, silky wraparound dress that was held closed only by a tie at the waist that showed that she was obviously braless. Her big tits were swaying to and fro with each step she took as she glided towards me. The woman knows how to walk in heels. I just rarely get to see it. She had a big grin on her face and her hard nipples were struggling mightily to poke through the flimsy material of that dress.
"Good gravy," I gasped. "I'm literally stunned."
"Too much do you think?" she asked smirking. "Thought I'd let the girls breathe for the evening." She looked down at her chest proudly and gave her boobs a little shake, causing those knockers to wobble almost violently from side to side.
"Wow! Where is Cate and what have you done with her?" I gasped. "You look fantastic! Are you wearing anything under that dress?"
"Just the stockings," she replied looking me dead in the eye. "You approve?"
"Fuck yes. I love it," I said. "I hope you are prepared for professional grade flirting tonight. I'm sure you realize that he's going to come on to you, right?"
"Oh, get off it. He's not going to come on to me. He's married for crying out loud," she said. "Besides, the tech guy will likely be there with us. It'll be fine."
"Oh. My. Gawd. You can not be this naive! Him mentioning the "possible" presence of a tech guy being there was just to put you at ease for a 'drinks or a light dinner' rendezvous in a fucking hotel. Come on. And as for him being married, I will bet that he purposely made one of his kids sick so Sasha would have to stay home and he could have lunch with you by himself, and lay the groundwork for his seduction. Well, maybe not the sick kid thing but definitely the seduction thing. Face it. He wanted to see you alone again. And this. Is. A date. And by the way you are dressed - you're pretty much up for it."
"So after all your prodding and cajoling to try and get me to dress a little sexier and show off, now you're complaining when I do?" she asked, squaring to me with her hands on her hips.
"That's not the point. And no. Of course I'm not complaining. Absolutely not. I love the fact you look like a bombshell tonight. Your boobs are moving around in that dress like two puppies in a sack, your pussy is getting a night off from those nasty restrictive panties and your legs look unbelievably sexy in those stockings. And the shoes...the shoes are of course the beautiful final touch. This whole outfit screams easy access and you look like sex on a plate. I'm fine with it. I'm just trying to get you to admit that you purposely dressed suggestively for this "meeting" because you loved the flirting last time and want some more of it," I replied calmly. "It's ok. If you're going for a little thrill and to feel sexy and appreciated by a hunky executive type...go ahead. Have at it. I trust you. Enjoy. Just be honest with me. I understand how getting that kind of attention from someone other than your mate can be intoxicating and a huge boost to the ego. I won't lie to you and say that I won't be a little nervous or on edge the whole time you are away but I'm hoping I get to reap the rewards of your little intimate encounter when you get home."
"Ok, I suppose I did go a bit over the top on the outfit. And yes, you're right, I admit it, ok? I am kind of looking forward to the flirting and the compliments that I know I'm in store for tonight," she finally admitted to me. "He was pretty obvious at lunch that he found me more than a little attractive. I hope you're ok with it and if you're not, tell me now and I will text him that something came up and that I can't make it. I don't want you to feel anxious or nervous or jealous because of this."
Just then a thought occurred to me.
"Did he actually mention a tech guy showing up or was that something you dreamed up to put me at ease about the date?" I asked, looking her straight in the eye and expecting the answer I thought I knew was coming.
She dropped her head. "It was something I made up so you wouldn't worry. I'm sorry. I know I shouldn't have done that. It sorta makes things worse now doesn't it? But I told you how flirty he was at the lunch and then joked that it made me a bit wet. I thought that you might get weirded out if you knew we were going to be alone together again. Fuck...Fuck it. I feel terrible now. I'm gonna text him and call it off. This is such a bad idea. I just wanted to go and have a drink or two with a handsome, sexy man who thinks I'm a Goddess and will worship me all night and feed my self esteem. I'm a fool," she said quietly. "I'll stay home."
I thought she was going to burst into tears. I guess it was guilt about the subterfuge and her desire to hang out and toy with another man for the evening. She looked totally dejected and turned to head back to the bedroom.
"Look. Stop," I said. "Just go. Have a great time being an object of desire and fending off what I'm sure will be a full court press. You're a big girl and know how to look after yourself and say 'no'. But mark my words, at some point in the evening you are going to hear the phrase, 'I'm dying to fuck you' or something very close to that. Tease him all you like but do not, and I repeat, do not, lead him on. He is very likely used to getting what he wants in life and right now I think you are high up on that list. It won't end well for anyone if you go a little too far in winding him up."
"Ok. If you're sure...I will go. I don't know what to say. You're the best. Although I am pretty sure he might not be on his best behaviour you can rest assured that I will be," she said sweetly. "You know I love you to death and this is just going to be a fun night out of teasing and flirting. I promise. I won't be too late and will text you from there to keep you sane. Thanks for this. Really. It means a lot that you are letting me do this and I hope you can forgive me for the lie about the tech guy. I really thought it would just put your mind at ease, and now I realize how stupid and it was. Again, I'm sorry and I love you. And thanks again for trusting me and letting me do this."
"I get it," I said. "It was a mistake but I know you were just trying to spare me some anxiety. Just...please. Don't do it again. If you want to do something...anything...let's talk about it. I'm never going to try and stifle you. You just need to be up front with me. If I'm uncomfortable with something rest assured I will tell you. Now get going or you'll be late to the ball. And don't lose a slipper on the way home. Oh...and no matter how the evening goes...he's going to want a goodnight kiss. And not just a peck. He'll be all over it. I guarantee it."
"Hmm. Fuck. You think? You're probably right. What should I do?" she asked, (more than likely) rhetorically.
"I don't know. I guess that's totally up to you," I said, putting the ball squarely back in her court. "If you are worried about my reaction, how would I even know if you did? Anything could happen and I could be none the wiser. I guess it depends on what you want to do and how you feel in the moment. What do you think Sasha would advise?"
She sighed like she just realized that it was going to be something she'd have to deal with. "Well I guess I'll cross that bridge when I get to it. I hope it doesn't turn into a big hairy thing. Whatever the case, when I get home tonight I'm going to open this dress, drop to my knees, and suck your cock until you spurt down my throat," she said seductively. "And that my love...is a promise."
"Well, that sounds like something to look forward to. Will you also promise to re-cap the evening when you get home?" I asked. "I'll want to know what he said and what he did. Every detail. Think you can do that for me? Honestly?"
"Of course," she said, perhaps a bit too quickly. "But I'm sure there will be very little to tell."
"Well, we'll see," I thought, as I watched her click clack across the floor and out the door to the garage. "We'll see."