A smile on her face and cum dripping down her legs, Leslie motioned for Kayla to return to her. Kayla grabbed Amy's hand and pulled her back to where Nick and Leslie were standing.
"Are you enjoying the concert?" Amy asked Leslie, grabbing Nick's hand.
"It's bangin'." Leslie replied, grabbing Kayla's hand. "We should go babe, otherwise we will never make it out of here!"
"So nice to meet you two!" Kayla said, waving goodbye as Leslie pulled her away.
"How did it go?" Kayla asked Leslie once she they finally made it outside of the bar.
"See for yourself!" Leslie said, spreading her legs slightly. Kayla reached down and thrusted a finger inside of Leslie. Pulling it back to her mouth, she slowly licked it.
"Mmmm." Kayla moaned. "Tastes so good. Naughty girl."
"I wonder how long it'll take Nick before he comes clean to Amy." Leslie mused. "We should take the subway home. I like the feeling of his cum dripping down my legs as I walk."
"You think Nick will tell her?" Kayla asked Leslie, as they began the short 3 blocks to the subway entrance.
"Oh definitely. He was definitely a pushover. At least he had a big dick."
They both giggled, then continued walking in companionable silence, their hands occasionally touching. Finally Kayla just reached out and grabbed Leslie's hand, and Leslie smiled at Kayla. They continued to walk hand in hand and reached the subway.
"I hope there's a hottie on the subway." Leslie said.
"You still haven't gotten enough?!" Kayla asked with an incredulous laugh.
"Not for me, for you silly."
"Ohhh." Kayla responded.
"Don't worry, you'll get some dick too." Leslie smacked Kayla on the ass as the subway pulled up. Kayla let out an excited giggle.
They got on the subway, and to their dismay it was empty.
"Well, I guess we can still always have some fun." Leslie said, pulling her friends skirt up. Leslie started with a gentle lick, which made Kayla moan quietly. Leslie wanted to tease her, but at the same time she knew that Kayla needed to cum fast and herd, and they would probably be arrested if they were walked in on. Leslie started licking quickly, and zeroed in of Kayla's clit. Leslie got so into it, she felt herself start to get wet again. She didn't feel the subway train start to slow down and halt, however.
Leslie also didn't hear Kayla urgently whisper her name. Leslie did feel Kayla try to push her head away, but Leslie stubbornly kept licking and sucking, and began thrusting her fingers into Kayla's vagina. Kayla couldn't help but moan.
"Excuse me." A male voice said.
"Wha-" Leslie turned, her face coated in Kayla's pussy juices and made eye contact with the unmistakable knees of a police officer.
"This is lewd conduct." He said, as Kayla's eyes continued to travel upward and finally met with his dark eyes. "I'm going to have to arrest you."
"Please officer..." Kayla let her voice die at the sight of his handcuffs, she pulled her skirt down to cover herself.
"Stand up." He said, motioning for both Kayla and Leslie to get on their feet. He turned Kayla around, handcuffing her. "Now you."
"Yes sir..." Leslie said meekly, not wanting any further trouble.
"Good." He said, having them both handcuffed. "Now we wait."
The girls both were sat down, and he stood, towering over them. Hands restrained behind their back, Leslie made eye contact with Kayla.
"Should have known my luck wouldn't last." Leslie sighed, and slumped in her seat.
"Quiet." The officer snapped as the subway slowed down and stopped at the next scheduled stop. Kayla went to stand up, and was pushed back into her seat by the officer. "Sit. Wait."
The train took off again, and he pulled Kayla up. Leaving Leslie sitting, he pushed Kayla and forced her to bend at the waist, draped over a set of seats.
"I'm gonna search you." He said, his voice husky. He started patting her down, spending a lot of time on her legs. Kayla let out a moan involuntarily, still aroused from Leslie licking her pussy earlier.
"Stop, please don't arrest us!" Leslie said, stopping when he pointed at her.
"I don't want to hear anything out of you, you dirty slut." He said. "As for you, let's finish checking you for weapons."
With that, Kayla heard a zipper and felt something warm at her entrance. She didn't dare to hope, but she pushed back against him and felt the tip of his penis enter her.
"Oh fuck." He muttered, and thrust into her with the rest of his shaft, hard. Kayla cried out, and the officer grabbed her handcuffed hands, using them to pull her into an awkwardly angled position. He kept thrusting in and out of her, and with every thrust Kayla moaned in pleasure. The officer took a finger and shoved it in her mouth, and she sucked on it. Pulling it out, he immediately shoved it up her ass. With the unexpected intrusion, Kayla screamed, and orgasmed. The cop felt her orgasm, and he also came, letting her spasming vagina muscles milk his cock.
The aftershocks of the orgasm still rolling through Kayla like waves, she didn't notice when the cop withdrew his cock from her. She did notice slurping sounds and briefly opened her eyes to see Leslie sucking on the cop's cock.
"That's right you little slut. Clean it." The cop said.
The next thing Kayla felt were the handcuffs being removed from her, and the cop pulling her skirt down over her bare pussy.
"Next time, you may not get so lucky." He said. "Be more careful."
The girls watched him leave through the door at the front to the next car. They both got back in their seats, thoroughly spent.
"I'll still finish you off if you want me to." Leslie offered, exhausted.
"Don't you dare touch me." Kayla laughed. "I've had enough for today."
"Me too. Let's go home."