This is a continuation of this series, if you don't read at least part 1, you probably won't understand the setting very well. Also, I always read through these before I post them, and send them through a grammar check program, but I still miss things. I appreciate constructive criticism about my stories, but grammatical critiques are pointless once this story is posted. I can't change anything. I hope you, like me, can deal with a few grammatical errors for the enjoyment of the greater story.
Mike awoke the next morning and Aahna was gone. It was Monday morning, so he figured she had class. If last week was any indication of how busy her week was, he would probably not see her again until Friday.
That depressed him, and not just because his sex crazed weekend was her doing. She was also an amazing person. He loved talking to her, but he was also happy simply being in the same room with her.
Mike laid back in bed and replayed the events of the weekend. When he got to the point where Aahna made his apartment manager blow him, he started to feel a little guilty. It technically was her choice, but Aahna did threaten her with legal action if she didn't.
Stephanie Myers wasn't a bad person. Mike actually kind of liked her. He had hoped something might happen between them when he first moved in. But, not being able to leave his apartment put a bit of a damper on that. Yes, she was a bit prudish and did show up with an attitude yesterday. But looking at it from her perspective, he could see how this whole situation sounded a bit fishy. Like some couple was simply trying to get their kinks off.
Truth be told, they had. Mike wasn't sure what was hotter, the threesome with Sophie in the apartment. Or getting squirted on by Isabella while him and Aahna had sex in the pool. He was getting hard just thinking about the two events. Like most men, he already had morning wood, but unlike most men, his wouldn't go away until the beast was satiated. So, he went to the bathroom and cleaned himself out.
The first couple blasts of the day were always the biggest, and Mike almost cracked his head open on the counter top, when his legs started to give out on him. After cleaning up and having some breakfast, he started thinking about Ms. Myers again. He wanted to apologize for how things went the day before. Mike worried that would be awkward, but he felt it needed to be done.
So he went to his room and started to pick something out to wear to the leasing office. But then he stopped. If he showed up in clothes, she might think they had been lying to her. If that happened, he might suddenly be confined to the prison of his apartment again. He would do anything to avoid that.
Truth be told, he also just didn't want to get dressed. So, he decided not to. Mike turned and walked to the front door. He grabbed the handle and froze. He realized that he was nervous and his breathing was elevated. His heart what beating out of his chest. He had gone out yesterday without issue, why was he hesitating today?
Today he didn't have Aahna. When Mike was with her, he was fearless. But it wasn't just that, she made him feel like he was in an alternate reality where nothing could go wrong. Most of all though, she was his shield. If anyone challenged him on his nudity, she was the one that charged in and fought for him.
Mike wasn't that confrontational. Honestly, he was actually a really nice and passive guy. That's why the incident with Ms. Myers made him feel so guilty. He never wanted to hurt or force himself on anyone. The only reason he participated yesterday, was because he was groggy from just waking up, combined with being extremely turned on. All he could think about was getting to his happy ending.
The guilt gave him the resolve to open the door and step out. The beautiful warm sun on his skin is what kept him out. As soon as he was walking, he was confident again. He wished everyone a good morning as he passed. Everyone seemed especially bright and chipper upon seeing him. One lady even gave him a hug and told him how brave she thought he was.
Mike wasn't sure if she meant to, but her leg seemed to pin his dangling member to his thigh. She also bounced on her toes for some reason. The action was making his balls start to tingle. Just before he started to rise, she moved on though.
When he reached the leasing office, he took the pool entrance. Mike wanted to avoid as many issues as possible, and taking the street entrance seemed like a bad idea. Oddly, he felt more self-conscious padding through the furnished Leasing office, than he did walking around outside. Outside, he felt like he was the way nature intended. In here, he felt like a peeping tom sneaking through someones house.
When he drew closer to Ms. Myers office, he heard something strange. It sounded like moans coming through computer speakers that were turned down really low. The sound was a little nostalgic for him. It reminded him of a time when he lived at home and would try to watch porn on the family computer after everyone had gone to bed. But he had to be mishearing. Why would someone be looking at porn in the leasing office.
Mike turned the corner into Ms. Myers office and immediately launched into his apology. "Ms. Myers, I just want..."
Ms. Myers was sitting at her desk. Her computer screen was facing away from the door. As soon as Mike stepped in, she immediately hit the mute button on her keyboard, pulled a hand back above her desk, and tried to look innocent. Despite the seven shades of red that were now covering her cheeks.
"Ma... May I help you?" She asked with a mix of nervousness, embarrassment, and frustration.
Mike paused to think. "Were you just...?"
"Um um um, I... I was just... doing some research. On potential tenants. You know, YouTube, Facebook. Trying to weed out the crazies." She laughed awkwardly.
Mike in no way bought her story, but it would have been even more weird to accuse her of masturbating to porn in her office. So, he got back on track. "I... Do you mind if I sit down?"
Ms. Myers gestured to the chairs in front of her, as the color slowly started to fade from her cheeks. Mike continued. "I wanted to apologize for Sunday. I had just woken up, and the whole situation got me so aroused, that I wasn't thinking straight. And Aahna, she is actually really sweet, she is just really protective of me."
Mike started telling Ms. Myers the entire story of his disorder, and what it's like to be cooped up all day. As he was doing this, she couldn't help but periodically glance down at his penis. Even deflated it was a nice size. Stephanie couldn't help but start feeling aroused again. Before she realized what she was doing, her hand slid beneath the waistband of her jeans.
What she had forgotten, was that the center of her desk was open. Mike could see her hand slip in and start to circle slowly. He was about to say something, but his fear of awkward situations stopped him again. But it didn't stop the beast between his legs.
As he continued his story, he could see Ms. Myers fingering herself below the desk. All he really saw was the outline of her hand moving around under her jeans, but that was enough for his erection to start growing. The longer it got, the more Ms. Myers paid attention to it instead of the story.
At one point, Mike saw her other hand slowly peel down her zipper for better access. That afforded Mike a few peaks of her aqua blue panties. His story was nearly unintelligible at this point, but Ms. Myers wasn't paying attention anyways.
Then Mike caught the reflection of the computer screen in her hipster style glasses, and he came instantly. Massive jets of cum shot out and covered her jeans. Ms. Myers gasped, but wasn't sure what she should do. The front of her jeans were nearly completely white with cum now.
As soon as Mike finished, he climbed up on his wobbly legs and hurried around to her side of the desk. He had to use the desk as a support as his legs weren't used to having to move so quickly right after an orgasm.
Mike confirmed what he saw on her computer. "I can't believe you. You tape us having sex out in the pool, and then masturbate to us?"
"No no no no, you don't understand. This is purely for insurance and safety purposes. If I see someone drowning, I have to run out there and help."
"Oh, yea? Is masturbating part of helping?"
Ms. Myers broke down and started to cry. "I didn't mean to, I was just reviewing the footage from last night to find out what all the gunk was in the filter. But, I just got so turned on that I couldn't help myself."
Mike stared at her appraisingly, trying to decide if he believed her. She continued. "I'm sorry, but truth is, I haven't been able to stop thinking about THAT." She gestured at Mike's deflating penis as it dripped the last remaining drops onto her floor.
"What?" Mike asked.
"Ever since I came to your apartment yesterday, I can't stop thinking about your...your...your penis." The last word came out strained, like it was difficult for her to say. "Every time I close my eyes I picture it. I dreamt that you were covering me in cum again."
Mike was confused. "I don't understand, I thought you said you hated cum, and you wouldn't even give your boyfriend a blowjob. You were talking like you were a super snob and a moral authoritarian."
"I am... or at least I was. After I left your apartment, I got cleaned up and went to my boyfriends office and gave him a blow job right under his desk, while he was having a conference call with his boss. I swallowed three of his loads before he couldn't produce anymore. It wasn't the same as yours though. I masturbated until I passed out last night. And then, I saw this video and couldn't help myself."
"Ms. Myers, I don't know what to say."
She glanced down at Mike's flaccid member, still full of sexual frustration. "Please call me Stephanie." She slipped to her knees and sucked Mike into her mouth.
Mike stepped back slipping back out of her mouth. "Please." She pleaded. "I need this so bad. My pussy's on fire. Cum in my mouth, my pussy, cover me in it. I need it so desperately." She crawled forward on her knees and sucked him into her mouth again.
Mike had only seen this kind of pleading in porn. It didn't make sense in real life. Was there something special about his cum? Some kind of mega aphrodisiac. Or was she just so sexually repressed that when Aahna's actions broke down her walls of fear, she had nothing holding her desires back? Regardless, he was starting to grow inside her mouth, and when that happens, all other thoughts get pushed out.
Stephanie unbuttoned her shirt revealing a matching aqua blue bra. He didn't have much time to admire it though, as it was quickly off as well. She started to go back to blowing him again, but he stopped her and pulled her to a standing position. Mike didn't have a great opportunity to admire her breasts yesterday, so he was definitely going to take the time now.
His hands caressed the perfect swell of them before he took a nipple into his mouth. He boxed the nipple in his mouth around with his tongue, while he pinched the other one in an upward motion. This made a high-pitched moan escape her throat.
Mike then kissed his way down her body. When he got to her belly button, he slid her pants and underwear down as one. He then traced a winding trail with his tongue from her belly button to her clit. The contact made Stephanie's body shutter. As Mike Frenched her pussy, he grabbed her butt to grind his face deeper.
Stephanie had been on the cusp of orgasm from the moment Mike walked in the office, so this quickly pushed her over the edge. She screamed out as her body shook and her hands laced through his scalp.
She was still coming down from this high, when Mike stood and guided her backwards toward her desk. He picked her up and set her on the desk before entering her pussy. Stephanie gasped when she was placed on her desk, which Mike thought was simply orgasmic aftershocks. In actuality, he had sat her on a small Salesperson of the Year Trophy, that until this moment, Stephanie had not realized how phallic it looked.
The trophy was now plugging her butt hole. She wanted to hate the sensation, but she couldn't. She had always thought anal was more disgusting than oral. Stephanie was quickly rethinking that policy. It was a mixture of pain and pleasure, but the pleasure was quickly winning out as she grew accustomed to it.
As Mike sawed in and out of her pussy, the trophy wiggled back and forth inside her as well. This was quickly speeding her to another orgasm. They ended up cumming together. Mike had to pull out of her tight lips at one point for lack of space. The remainder of his cum covered her pelvis and legs. Cum was also streaming out of her over filled pussy.
Stephanie pushed Mike back and hoped off the desk. She turned around so that he could see the award in her butt. He was about to apologize when she pulled it out and inserted it into her pussy. Then she turned around bent over her desk and spread her cheeks.
"Are you sure?" Mike didn't want to hurt her.
"I wasn't until a few minutes ago."
That was all the invitation he needed. Mike stepped up and guided his tip into her rear entry. He was extremely surprised when he found how lose it was. He wasn't sure if the trophy loosened it up, or if sitting at a desk all day made the muscles atrophy this much. Either way, he could do something that he hadn't been able to do with either Aahna or Isabella. Pound her hard.
Mike grabbed her hips thrust in and out like a jackhammer. She was screaming so much in pleasure, that she almost didn't hear the front door chime ring. Stephanie tried to steady her voice as she spoke. "I'll be out in a miiiiiiiiiinute!"
She orgasmed, and when she did her sphincter tightened around Mikes shaft and made him cum again. The visitor walked in just as Mike was pulling out and completely covering Stephanie's back. He heard a gasp and looked over to see a beautiful woman about his age. She was wearing a bright stripped midriff over tits that were impossibly larger than Sophie's.
They were roughly the size of basketballs, and she was obviously not wearing a bra. She was also wearing extremely short cut-off jean shorts. The mystery woman had long straight blonde hair, and gorgeous blue eyes. Oddly, Mike found it difficult to pull his attention back to the naked woman in front of him
"I'm sorry, I'll be right with you." Stephanie said as she turned and knelt in front of Mike. She wanted one last hole filled. Stephanie took him into her mouth and started bobbing her head adding little twists here and there. She also started fondling his testicles.
As if this day hadn't been surprising enough, the blonde walked up to Mike and began kissing him passionately. Mike's mind was exploding. This could not be possible, but it was happening. He decided that if this was a dream, he hoped he never woke up.
The blonde pulled away and stripped her shirt off. The sight of her massive tits bouncing free, sent Mike over the edge. He sent load after load into Stephanie's mouth until cum was spurting out around his shaft. He pulled out and continued to completely cover her face, hair, tits, stomach, desk, chairs, and floor in his cum. This was the single largest blast he had ever had.
When he finished, he collapsed backward onto the floor. He sat back against the wall and gasped for breath. He felt like he had just sprinted a marathon.
"I hope that's not all you got." Said the mystery woman. Mike turned his face to her as she unbuttoned her shorts, lowered the zipper, and then turned and peeled them off. She apparently had a blanket no undergarments rule, because he saw her tight toned butt and luscious lips. Unbelievably, Mike's shaft started to stir. That was the only part of him that had energy left though.
The woman looked at the growing erection, and at Mike's exhausted face. "You look like you need something to drink."
Then she straddled him, guided him into her pussy, and shoved a nipple into his mouth. He sucked instinctively, and was shocked when he tasted milk. The tiny amount of calories seemed to signal his body that it found a new source of energy. He drank and drank. When one ran out of milk, he switched to the other. All the time she was bouncing on him. It took him five minutes to cum, record timing for him. In those five minutes, the mystery woman came three times.
Once the milk ran dry, she turned and rode him reverse cowgirl. Mike let his hands roam over her glorious cheeks. The globes were perfectly tanned and shaped. As she road him, she was face to face with the spent cum covered Stephanie. The woman began to passionately kiss the semiconscious property manager. Then she turned and said, "You taste good." Before turning back and continuing the kiss.
She lapped up more and more cum as she road Mikes weak body. She spent quite a bit of time on Stephanie's Tits, before working her way down to her pussy. The mystery woman removed the trophy and went down on her. She managed have five more orgasms and pull one last one out of Stephanie and Mike, before they both passed out.
When Mike woke up, he was laying on the floor of Stephanie's office looking at her face inches away. The floor was hard, but whatever was acting as his pillow, was warm and soft. He couldn't help but snuggle into it. Then he realized Stephanie was using a similar object as a pillow.
"Did you enjoy your nap?" Asked the visitor.
Mike was going to ask if he had been dreaming, but then he saw that Stephanie was still covered in cum, and they were both using this woman's massive mammaries as pillows. "I...I'm not sure what to ask first."
The woman laughed, and the giggling flesh under his ear would have reawakened the beast, if he had any energy left to spend. "My actual name is Farah Felding, but online I typically go by Fifi Fitz."
"Online?" Mike asked drifting back to unconsciousness.
"Yes. I'm a pornstar. I came here looking for an apartment, but it looks like fate might of actually brought me here for other reasons."
With that, Mike fell back to sleep.
(To be continued.)