This is a continuation of our real life sexual journey. All of the events described actually occurred as we explored new ways to stimulate our sex lives. We enjoy reading your comments and would love to hear about your own sexual exploits.
A night with Lacey and Brad continued.
*
Now that Lacey had cum twice, and Kristen once, Brad and I where left sitting there with raging hard-ons. Since I was the only one who hadn't had a chance to direct the others, they told me it was my turn. I decided it was time for Brad and me to get some attention. I instructed Brad to lie back on the bed. I then told Kristen that I wanted her to straddle Brad and rub his cock with her pussy.
She said, "What?"
She thought I meant she was to fuck Brad. I explained to them that I wanted her to press his upward pointing cock down against his abdomen and then use her pussy to rub up and down the length of his erect dick.
She smiled and said, "That I'll try."
Kristen then moved astride Brad sitting so that her pussy was over his balls. She reached down, gave his dick a tight squeeze, and pressed it against his stomach as she slid forward pinning his cock down with her pussy. I told Lacey that she was to play with his balls as Kristen rubbed against him. Kristen slid back and forth from Brad's balls forward up his dick, leaving his cock head exposed. Lacey continued fondling him. Brad said it was an unbelievable sensation.
I sat on the bed next to Lacey. As she rubbed Brad's balls, she started playing with mine. I leaned onto my side so that she could more easily reach me, while at the same time enabling me to watch Kristen sliding up and down Brad's shaft. Lacey moved quickly from my balls to my dick. Brad decided that he would play with Kristen's tits while she continued. He tugged on her hard pink nipples so that they were stretched out about an inch.
I couldn't believe it, but Kristen was already getting turned on again. With each movement upward on Brad's cock, she went a little bit further until she was rubbing the entire length of his cock. Based on the way she was sliding back and forth on his rod, her pussy must have been well lubricated. I had a close up view watching her thin, pink inner pussy lips sliding up and down his shaft.
With each stroke, she slowed as she ground her pussy down on the head of his dick. I couldn't believe I was watching the mushroom like head of his dick pressing into her gaping pussy. As Kristen slid upward, I could see Brad thrusting his hips forward. I knew he was trying to slip his fat cock all the way into her.
Lacey moved up next to me and watched too. She had left Brad's balls and was now slowly stroking my cock with both hands. Kristen was watching Lacey playing with my dick. She slid back down to Brad's thighs and began to rub his visibly throbbing cock with both hands also. I watched as she held his dick upright with one hand and grasped her breast with the other. She then leaned forward and started rubbing her nipple up and down the underside of his shaft.
Lacey, seeing Kristen using her nipple on Brad seemed to decide to move so that she could press my dick between her breasts. She then proceeded to envelop my cock with her big, soft breasts. Her nipples were touching each other as she slid up and down the length of my cock.
I watched as Kristen pulled Brad to his feet by his dick and continued rubbing his hard cock first on one nipple and then across to the other as she sat on the bed. She seemed to be massaging her chest, and then neck with his dick. Brad seemed to enjoy it as she started rubbing his dick lightly across her cheek. She ran his fat dick head down one cheek, across her chin, and back up the other cheek. I was somewhat surprised to see she had him so close to her mouth.
As Lacey continued tit fucking me, she teased me by sticking her tongue out each time my dick pressed upward between her breasts. As my dick neared it, she would pull it back in. That was when I started wishing my dick was a little longer! Kristen was watching Lacey tease me, and it appeared that she decided to do a bit of the same. Each time she brought Brad's dick down across her chin, she stuck her tongue downward. Brad and I complained about their teasing to no avail.
Kristen was now making a circle around her face with his dick. I watched as she now was sticking her tongue out as she slid his cock over her nose. I would've sworn that she was actually touching him with her tongue. She then started rubbing the edge of the head of his dick over her closed lips. It wasn't long before I saw her tongue dart out and flick the underside of his cock.
She knew I was watching, and was looking for my reaction. I smiled and raised my eyebrows. On the next pass across her lips, she extended her tongue out fully and licked his dick. I knew immediately that Lacey was watching too, because I felt her hot, moist tongue lick the head of my dick. I stopped moving between her breasts to give her a better chance to do some more licking. Lacey was very happy to oblige. She pulled my dick from between her breasts and started licking it as if it was a Popsicle. I was in heaven.
As I looked back at Kristen, I could see she was now parting her lips more and more as she moved Brad's cock over them. Kristen then extended her tongue and ran it in a circular motion around the rim of Brad's engorged dick head. After several passes around the rim of his dick, she began to flick the underside of it lightly with her tongue. She was looking me straight in the eye when she opened her mouth wide and pulled the head of Brad's fat dick into her mouth. I though I would cum then and there. Kristen's mouth was stretched wide to accommodate the thickness of his shaft. She certainly seemed up for the challenge. I knew from our discussions how much she liked Brad's cock, but I didn't expect her go down on him since we really hadn't discussed her doing that.
As Kristen plunged Brad's shaft as far down her throat as she could, Lacey sucked my dick into her mouth. The sensation of having another woman sucking my dick, as my wife sucked another guy was more than I could have imagined. Thinking of Kristen giving someone else a blowjob was always a fantasy for me. I didn't realize seeing it actually happen that I would be as turned on as I was. I guess part of me thought that in a real life situation, I might want to say stop. That was not about to happen!
After a few minutes of sucking, Lacey held my pulsating cock out for Kristen to suck. She quickly took my entire cock into her mouth, and then alternated sucking on my dick and Brad's. Lacey wanted her turn too. She then took hold of both of our cocks and sucked on one and then the other.
It was then that Kristen placed her mouth on one side of my dick while Lacey was on the other. They slid their mouths up and down my shaft with their tongues intermingling all about. I couldn't hold off any longer. I told them I was about to cum, and they began working my cock harder. As the first spurt of cum was leaving my dick Kristen plunged my cock into her mouth. She continued working my dick in and out of her mouth as Lacey held onto my balls. I don't think I ever ejaculated so much cum at one time. Kristen kept swallowing, and downed every drop.
As I collapsed onto the bed, the girls turned their attention to Brad. They proceeded to do to Brad what they had done to me. It didn't take Brad long to start moaning and to warn the girls he was about to cum. With a few more licks, Brad started spurting a fountain of cum across Kristen's tits and onto Lacey's chin. When the evening began, I never would have dreamt that I would see Brad's cum dripping from Kristen's nipple.
The girls got up and went to the bathroom to clean up. They were back shortly. Lacey sat down next to me and started rubbing my flaccid cock. She told me that she was sure she could get it hard for me again. She leaned over and sucked my still soft dick into her mouth. She began to roll her tongue around it, and stretched it out as she really sucked hard on it. I looked over at Kristen as she started playing with Brad's cock again. It didn't take long for me to start springing back.
Lacey said she wanted to see Kristen sit and lower herself slowly onto my cock. She told Brad to stand next to the bed so that Kristen could continue sucking him. Lacey continued saying that she thought it would be cool to see Kristen with two cocks in her at the same time, one in her pussy and one in her mouth. The three of us thought so too.
As Kristen began to squat over me, Lacey grabbed my cock to guide it between her small, pink, inner lips. Kristen slowly inched her way down onto my dick as Lacey pushed my cock upward into Kristen's enflamed pussy. Brad, who had been watching, moved into position. Kristen grabbed his cock and began circling the head of his dick with her tongue again. As Kristen flicked the underside of Brad's cock with her tongue, he too began to show signs of life. Kristen certainly seemed to be enjoying have two cocks in her!
Kristen continued to slide slowly up and down my shaft as Lacey lowered her mouth to Kristen's pussy. I watched as she started sticking her tongue out and lightly touching the tip of it to Kristen's clit. Lacey continued to massage Kristen's clit with her tongue and occasionally licked my dick. Each time Kristen rose off my dick Lacey would stroke it with her tongue. Each time she plunged my dick into her pussy, she also sucked Brad's now fully erect cock deep into her mouth. The sensation of having my cock in one woman, while another licked it, was something I never expected to experience. Kristen seemed to enjoy having Lacey nibbling on her clit too.
Lacey was now lying sideways on the bed with her head resting on my thigh. I reached out and began fondling her still moist pussy. It didn't take me long to insert one and then two fingers deeply into her steamy cavern. I decided to try to get a third finger into her. As I rubbed my ring finger around the opening to her pussy, I gently began to apply a little pressure. To my surprise, the tip of my finger slipped easily into Lacey's well-lubricated vagina. With a little more pressure, I had all three fingers deeply embedded in Lacey. Lacey began working her pussy against my hand as she continued licking both Kristen and me.
Brad was watching me fingering his wife, and said he wanted some of Kristen's pussy. Lacey rolled away from Kristen onto her back as I kept plunging my fingers in and out of her. Kristen stopped sucking Brad's cock long enough to lift herself off my cock. She leaned back on the bed, pulled her knees up, and spread them wide offering her pussy to Brad. I certainly did enjoy the attention of both girls while it lasted! Brad immediately sat down on the bed between Kristen's legs, and started lightly stoking the groove between her inner and outer lips.
I decided that it was time to get back to Lacey. I figured with everything else we had been doing, all the rules we had initially set up were long gone. I sat up, removed my fingers from her pussy, and turned around so that I could lean down between her legs. Lacey's clit was now sticking out beyond its hood, and I began to stroke it lightly it. I then rested my head on her upper thigh just an inch or two from her slit. I continued stroking her clit with one hand while I slid the middle finger of my other hand between her parted inner lips.
I slowly moved my head closer to her dripping slit. As I did this, I extended my tongue, and slowly licked the side of her clit. She shuddered and let out a low moan. I took this as a sign that she was okay with me eating her. I slid my finger out of her pussy, moved my mouth downward, and sucked one of her inner lips into my mouth. As I tugged on her lip, I pressed my tongue into her pussy. Lacey reached down, grabbed the back of my head, and pulled it firmly against her.
I looked over at Brad who was watching me eat his wife. It didn't take him long to do some muff diving of his own. Kristen appeared to welcome his mouth on her pussy. I watched as he buried his tongue between her lips, while both hands continued playing with her tits.
I went back to exploring all of the nooks and crannies of Lacey's pussy with my tongue. It was an indescribable sensation eating Lacey, while Kristen was laying right next to me being eaten by my friend. As I tongue fucked Lacey, I pulled up on the hood of her clit exposing her rock hard love bud. I moved my tongue to her clit and inserted two fingers into her well-lubricated pussy. As I rubbed my fingers on the roof of her vagina, stimulating her G-spot, I began sucking on her clit. It was so hard; it felt like a small stone embedded between her lips. Lacey began gyrating her hips, and grabbed my head again pressing it even more forcefully against her.
I tore my eyes from Lacey's pussy when I felt motion on the bed next to me. I watched as Brad rolled onto his back, and Kristen turned around, spread her legs and lowered her pussy onto his face. She then proceeded to grab his huge dick stroking it as she licked the head of his dick. They both seemed to be enjoying a little sixty-nine.
Lacey continued rubbing her pussy with my face. I continued attacking her clit with my tongue. I felt like she was going to crush my nose with her gyrations. As her motions became more frenzied, she became more vocal letting us all know that her orgasm was eminent. She came with several intense shudders and a loud sigh. Lacey was totally spent, and informed us she was headed for the shower.
As Lacey left, I rolled over and watched as Brad buried his tongue deep within Kristen's pussy. Although Kristen had deep throated me many times, she was obviously having difficulty trying to get all of Brad's cock into her mouth, but Brad was certainly enjoying her efforts. I was really enjoying watching Kristen and Brad. As they continued, I began playing with Kristen's tits. I always loved the way they feel when they are hanging downward as they were. As I tugged on her super erect nipples I decided to offer Brad a suggestion that I thought they would both enjoy (I knew I'd enjoy watching).
I asked Brad if he thought Kristen would enjoy having him rub her clit with his dick. Brad said he thought it would be fun. I knew that would like to have his cock near her pussy again. Kristen said that she was willing to try it.
Kristen leaned back and propped herself up on a couple of pillows. Brad sat between her legs with Kristen's thighs resting over his. He then grabbed his dick, and moved forward until he could rub the tip of it on Kristen's clit. It was obvious that he was quite excited since his pre-cum was stringing out between Kristen's clit and his dick whenever he pulled away a bit. Brad then started making small circles around her clit. After a few moments of this, he began to rub his dick up and down the groove between her inner and outer lips. Kristen was getting hotter by the second. She kept moaning, and saying that it felt so good.
Sitting next to her playing with her tits, while watching another man stroke her pussy with his dick, was absolutely the hottest thing I've ever seen. I watched as Brad slid his fat dick head down one side of Kristen's pussy and then slowly up the other side. He continued this circular motion for several minutes. I noticed that with each circle around her slit he seemed to pause briefly as he passed by the lower edge of her inner lips. He then started moving his dick back and forth from side to side, moving up and down as he lightly stroked her inner lips. Kristen's moaning only increased. As Brad continued , he separated her inner lips with the tip of his dick, and began rubbing the inside of her pink, petal like lips with his dick head.
I couldn't believe that Brad had so much will power. If it had been me with Lacey, I would have had to stick my dick into her pussy. He certainly seemed to be enjoying what he was doing, as much as Kristen enjoyed receiving his attention.
As I watched Brad rub his dick between her inner lips, Kristen thrust her hips upward causing about half of Brad's dick head to enter her pussy. She let out another intense groan. I knew she wanted him to fuck her. Brad continued as he had been, but slowed his stroking each time he passed over the opening to her vagina.
It looked to me like Kristen was trying to time the upward thrust of her hips to his movements. It didn't take long before she pushed upward again as Brad's dick was at her opening. With her thrust (and I'm sure a little downward pressure on Brad's part) the swollen head of his cock was totally swallowed by Kristen's soaking wet pussy. To his credit, he didn't keep it in long. He looked questioningly at me for my reaction. I sort of smiled and shrugged. At this point, I decided that I'd like to see him fuck her even though Kristen had said earlier, that it was not something she wanted to happen.
Brad continued his up and down movement. Each time he passed over the opening to her pussy, he pushed the head of his dick into her. Kristen was really moaning now, and I knew that she really wanted to see what his big, fat cock would feel like in her pussy. As Brad pushed the head of his cock into her pussy as he had been doing, Kristen really rocked her hips upward against him. His engorged cock sort of popped all the way into her dripping slit. Brad withdrew immediately, not sure, if he should continue.
Kristen answered that question quickly when she moaned, "I want it in me."
I smiled at Brad and he plunged his cock deep into Kristen. I was amazed at how hot it was watching him as he withdrew his huge dick, and then stretched her wide as he thrust it back into her wide-open pussy. Kristen had no difficulty taking all of his fat cock. She started writhing and groaning as Brad worked her pussy like it had never been worked. She came suddenly in a wave of incredibly intense orgasms. Brad continued for a few more moments and suddenly withdrew his cock as he began spurting his load. His dick was resting right above Kristen's clit as he launched his cum all the way to Kristen's tits. I had never seen so much cum delivered in one orgasm.
After a moment, Brad jumped up and said he was going to join Lacey in the shower. Kristen grabbed a towel and began wiping the come off her tits and abdomen. She really didn't look at me. I think she was afraid that I would be mad that she fucked Brad.
I put her mind at ease when I literally jumped between her legs and slid my straining cock into her pussy. I could barely contain myself. I was so hot, I fucked her like there was no tomorrow. I don't know if was my imagination or not, but her pussy didn't seem as tight as it usually did. Maybe it was just because I had watched it being stretched so much by Brad. It didn't really matter though, because I deposited my load deep with in her pussy with just a few more strokes. As I withdrew from her, I told her that I had never been so hot in my life. Kristen told me she had felt about the same way.
That pretty much brings the story of our sexual exploration up to date. We hope you enjoyed hearing about our real life exploits. We would love to hear about yours too. With any further developments, we will add new chapters.