Martha hated working weekends, having to find a sitter for her kids was a pain, but she was glad for the day off in the middle of the week.
She got so much more done without her little rascals underfoot. So far today she'd had a nice hot shower, which included a very satisfying orgasm, gotten caught up with laundry and cleaned her bathroom.
Now that the sun had burned off the morning fog, it was turning out to be a beautiful day, and she was making the most of it, tending her garden at the front of the house.
She was done pulling the weeds and was halfway through trimming her roses when the sedan pulled up in front of her neighbors house.
She knew that like herself, Derrick had to pull the occasional weekend shift, and ended up with days off during the week. She had spoken to him that day at the bus stop as they got their kids off to school, so Martha knew he was off that day, but didn't know if he was home or not. He often went to the gym or shopping on days off.
She casually watched the couple exit their car and couldn't help but notice the white, nylon clad legs that extended from the passenger seat. Martha saw a plaid skirt that was so short it exposed the woman's legs almost all the way up to her crotch!
The woman who got out of the passenger seat was around her own age, Martha thought, and rather attractive. She looked a bit overweight, as she was herself, Martha had to admit. Another similarity was that they both had maintained great legs. Thick but toned with well defined muscles.
Neither of the women were unhealthy or fat, per se, they just had middle aged mommy curves. And Martha had come to accept hers.
And apparently the other woman had as well, as she was doing nothing to hide it. In fact her outfit seemed to flaunt her body.
She was wearing a tight white button down shirt with the top few buttons open, with apparently a push up bra underneath. The result was an obvious display of her ample cleavage.
Dangling in front of her cleavage were two pigtails, which Martha initially found to be an odd hairstyle for a woman their age.
The view of her pigtails and cleavage was almost enough to draw a person's eyes away from the woman's legs, but the shortness of her red, plaid skirt, along with the black high heels, showed her white, nylon clad, muscular legs flex with each step as she strode boldly up Derrick's front walk.
The bands of her thigh high stockings were plainly visible as her skirt moved with her strut. Martha even caught a glimpse of the straps of her garter as she mounted the front stoop.
Martha suddenly had a revelation, her mind flashed to the naughty schoolgirl porn she had seen on her laptop during her late night, solo playtime.
She didn't know why, but she had always been more than a little turned on by the role-playing genre. It was yet another thing her uptight ex had refused to try.
Actually, the number of things that he had dismissed as too kinky made a long list, and as Martha hadn't had many other men, she was still rather inexperienced for a woman her age. She had learned more from online porn in the last few years than she ever had in real life.
As these thoughts flitted through her mind she noticed that the driver of the car was getting something out of the trunk, before hurrying after the woman.
Martha noticed that he was obviously a bit older than the woman, and she noticed his wedding ring glint in the sun as he pulled the strap of a carrying case over his shoulder.
Her mind again went to her porn viewing, and the Hotwife scenarios she had seen. Surely Derrick wasn't involved in such a thing. That would make him a... what was the word? She searched her memory, then remembered, that would make him a Bull!
When Martha noticed the name CANON on the case, it all came to her in a flash. This couple was coming to Derrick's house for sex!
She cast her eyes back to the woman, who by now was on Derrick's doorstep only a few yards away. Martha's heart skipped a beat as she saw the woman looking right at her and smiling broadly, defiantly. She must have recognized the realization and shock on Martha's face.
But she showed no shame, only confidence. And as she raised her hand to ring the bell her own wedding ring flashed in the sun. The stone on the ring looked enormous.
The door opened almost immediately, and Martha saw Derrick in the doorway wearing a suit. Martha had only ever seen him in a suit once before, when he had had to attend a funeral.
She thought that he looked so sexy in it then, and now he looked just as sexy, only now it took on a whole new meaning as he reached out with his huge black hand and said, "Janet, so nice to finally meet you in person."
His teeth gleamed in his dark face as he smiled at the white woman on his doorstep. She placed a small white hand in his, and Martha was stunned by the erotic nature of the sight. The difference in skin color, and the size of their hands, was so drastic it was shocking.
Martha barely heard the woman reply, she now seemed demure compared to the boldness she exuded moments earlier. "Hello Mr. Thompson." The woman said softly, her eyes lowered.
"Please come in Janet, we have much to discuss." Derrick stated firmly. He sounded stern to Martha, he'd said it in the tone he used when his son was misbehaving. Martha shivered in the sunshine as she realized they were already in character.
"Yes sir." The woman replied in a voice that sounded frightened, or maybe, highly aroused? The woman walked into the house with her head bowed as Derrick stepped aside for her.
Derrick greeted the man with the camera case as he approached. "Hello Fred, thanks for coming." His voice now was his usual friendly baritone, the voice Martha was used to hearing. The same voice he used when greeting her. "Thanks for inviting us Derrick." The man answered as he too entered the house.
Before Derrick followed his guests inside, he looked over at Martha's house and saw her staring back at him with her mouth agape.
"Hello Martha! Beautiful day, isn't it?" He asked, as naturally as ever. "Hi, uh, er, yeah, beautiful, uh, day, uhm, Derrick." Martha stammered in response.
Derrick flashed his brilliant white teeth at her and said, "Well, I'll talk to you later, I have company." He said as an apology for ending the conversation short. "Are we still carpooling to soccer? It's my turn to drive."
"Yes, later, talk to you later." Martha replied, getting her head together somewhat. "We'll be over at 5." She managed. She was stunned by the normalcy of the conversation under the circumstances of his 'company'.
Derrick smiled brightly again before he disappeared into the house. Martha wondered if he was amused, or feeling something else as he took note of her shock.
She quickly realized that shock wasn't the only thing she was feeling. She realized that she was turned on by what she surmised was about to transpire next door.
Her heart raced, her nipples thickened, and she felt her pussy dampen as images of some of the things she'd seen online filled her mind.
She thought about the Hotwife videos, with a cuckold husband manning the camera as the wife was serviced by a BBC. Would Derrick be involved in such a thing? She had to admit that it was the only thing that made sense. Derrick was a BBC bull, and he was about to service a Hotwife!
Visual images of Derrick and the white woman in scenarios like she'd seen in porn and read about in erotic literature flashed in her mind, and her breathing and heart rate increased.
She unconsciously reached for her rose bush again, and felt a prick from the thorns. She made up her mind then that she was done playing gardener for the day. She had to go take care of her weeping pussy. The activities that were about to take place at her neighbors house were now controlling her thoughts.
As she entered her own house, her eyes swept automatically to the window that faced Derrick's. She had opened all her windows wide to let in the fresh air and light breeze.
Derrick's own living room window was just across from hers, separated by his driveway. The same driveway where he had taught her son how to do a lay-up in basketball.
She had surreptitiously watched Derrick shoot hoops many times as the basket was mounted above his garage door, which was just outside her kitchen window.
His muscular, black body was a thing of beauty as he jumped and flexed. He was just so big and strong, in complete control of his athletic body.
He was actually the first black man she had ever gotten to know personally. And he basically blew all the stereotypes she had heard growing up out the window.
Martha had been born and raised in farm county. There were two traffic lights in the downtown area, and most folks lived in the outskirts.
The only times she could remember black people being discussed, they were either sports figures, or welfare receiving drug dealers in the big city.
After college, where she'd met a few black folks who seemed okay, she had been married and Josh hadn't wanted her to work. But after the divorce, she'd had no choice.
Martha had moved to the suburbs of the city and gotten a job in the local hospital. She had met many more people of color there, but the first person she had gotten to know well was her new neighbor, Derrick.
He had been a complete gentleman from day one. He was a widower, raising his only son by himself. Gainfully employed, polite, well dressed and a great father. Nothing like Martha had always understood a black man to be.
His son and her oldest were the same age, and quickly developed a strong friendship. DJ was a well mannered boy, and he also made time for her younger son, which his older brother sometimes tried to avoid. Martha was glad. She didn't want her kids to grow up with the prejudice that had been ingrained in her.
The fact that Derrick was a total piece of eye candy took some getting used to for Martha, all things considered. But once she saw what a great guy he was, she felt more comfortable accepting the fact that she found him attractive.
Also, he was a huge guy compared to her ex, or any of the guys she had ever dated. He reminded her of the sports stars who were heroes to the small town, and small minded people from home. His size and brawn also intrigued her.
She had asked Derrick once, and he told her that he was 6' 3", and added without any prompting that he usually went around 250 pounds.
He said that a knee injury ended his collegiate athletics, as a power forward in basketball. But he still worked out, and definitely kept himself in shape.
Martha had seen him shirtless, playing ball and working in his yard, and knew that he had absolutely no body fat. He was all muscle and virility.
It shocked her the first time she had seen him wearing only shorts and flip-flops, and a layer of sweat as he cut his grass. The way her body reacted was a surprise for her, but she had quickly found that she liked it.
The woman who was now in his house was very similar to herself, in age, and shape. Martha was 5' 1" and went around 150 pounds. Most of her extra weight was in her big mommy tits, a curvy belly, plump ass and thick thighs.
Martha hated her body after having the boys, but she had come to realize, with the help of the internet, that many men found her body type to be natural and sexy. She had seen many women similar to herself referred to as MILFs.
She had definitely noticed Derrick checking her out many times. She was always flattered, even a little turned on by his discerning glances.
But he wasn't the type to leer, always being a gentleman. although he always seemed appreciative of her looks, even complimenting her outfits, hairstyle, even her nail polish, especially when she did her toes and wore her flip-flops.
He actually noticed subtle changes in her style far easier than her ex, or any past boyfriends ever had.
Martha was motionless in her living room as these thoughts bounced around her head, when suddenly she heard a loud SMACK, followed by a woman's high pitched cry of pain. Or was that excitement? Martha wondered as her heart jolted.
At that moment, she felt a breeze and saw Derrick's curtains blow open slightly, just in time for her to see a bright flash of light. She couldn't see much more than that in the room, as her glimpse was so brief, but it was enough to give her a visual image in her mind of what might be happening next door.
She stood motionless for a moment, picturing the woman laying across Derrick's lap. She imagined a man shooting pictures of Derrick's large black hand, soothing a bright red handprint on a thick white ass.
An ass not much different from her own, Martha thought. What would that strong hand feel like, she wondered. Suddenly there was another SMACK! Martha flinched as the female voice cried out again.
Martha's heart raced as her hand slipped into her shorts. But before she could even wet her fingers in her drooling pussy, another SMACK rang out, then another, and another! The woman was wailing now, "Oh, Mr. Thompson, I'm sorry! I will be a good girl!"
Then things were quiet again, but Martha could occasionally see a flash of light through the gaps in the curtains. Turned on as she was by the whole episode, she quickly stripped off all her clothes, and left them laying in a heap by her feet.
SMACK! Martha now had her fingers swirling through her thick labia, wondering if the woman sprawled across Derrick's lap was wearing panties, pulled partly down to expose her ass cheeks? Maybe a thong? Or maybe nothing at all under her skirt. She knew that there was a garter belt, as she had seen the straps holding up the stockings as the woman approached Derrick's house.
Martha heard that excited female voice saying something, but couldn't quite make it out. She crept closer to the window, and could just hear the woman say, "Please Mr. Thompson? I can feel it against my ribs. It feels so big Mr. Thompson! Please let me see it?"
Martha pictured herself laying across Derrick's lap, his big black cock, bulging in his suit pants, pushing against her as he alternated spanking and soothing her ass with his powerful hand.
SMACK! "Oww! Please Mr. Thompson! I will make you feel soo good! Please?!"
Then things were quiet again. Martha was beside herself with arousal and curiosity. She was wondering if they had moved to another room in the house, when the wind blew the curtains aside again.
She saw Derrick standing with his hands on his hips like a stern authoritarian, as the woman kneeled in front of him, working desperately to get his pants open. The scene was punctuated by another flash of the camera.
The curtains drifted closed again, but Martha saw light flashing around the edges of the window as she heard the female voice again, "Oh Mr. Thompson, it's so big! I don't think I can get it in my mouth!"
Martha could just imagine Derrick's dick in the woman's small, pale hand. She had visualized his dick many times, and wondered about it as she watched interracial porn. Was he long and straight? Thick and curved?
If it was in proportion to the rest of his body, it was long, straight, and thick. That's how she always imagined it.
Not that Martha was fixated on Derrick, she fantasized about a lot of different men. It had been a while since she had last dated, and even longer since she had gotten laid.
But she often saw Derrick in his gym clothes on his way home from a workout, or just working around his house, or playing with the kids. Even seeing him in his work uniform could elicit naughty thoughts, he was just so damn good looking.
And now he was just yards away, acting out a fantasy that she'd had herself, with a woman who was not that different from herself! The whole thing just had her legs quivering.
Her attention was drawn to Derrick's window again by yet another gust of wind. Martha caught a brief glimpse of the woman, with both hands wrapped around Derrick's cock, fist over fist, just like the grip Derrick had shown her son on a baseball bat. The blonde woman's mouth stretched around the head.
Martha groaned as she realized she had been right about that cock, the woman's hands couldn't quite reach around his slab of dark meat, and even with two hands wrapped around it, there was still enough sticking out to suck on!
The husband was kneeling on the far side of the room and his camera flash was straight at Martha. She wondered if he had seen her in the background as the wind died down and her view was blocked again by the curtains.
She pictured herself in the frame, standing naked with her feet shoulder width apart, her hands in her crotch, as in the foreground, another white woman worked to service a black man's cock.
She moved one hand to roughly squeeze her ample titties, while she continued to diddle herself with the fingers of the other.
Suddenly the curtains moved again, but this time not from the wind. Derrick had abruptly pulled them apart, and was now standing naked at his window with his hands high above his head as he pushed the tops of the curtains outward along the rod.
Martha gawked at the sight of Derrick naked, and she could see his masculine body from half way up his muscular thighs. Her eyes traveled across every pronounced bulge and ridge of his body.
In a moment, she took in the sight of his cock, his abs, pecs, shoulders, biceps and forearms. Before her eyes were drawn again to the big prick pointing straight at her.
Martha couldn't believe what she was seeing and soon realized that he must be looking at her as well. She looked up at his face to see his usual friendly smile as he looked back at her.
His wide smile seemed to gleam at her from his black face as his eyes showed his pleasure with this turn of events.
Their eyes locked briefly, before his demeanor changed completely, abruptly. He suddenly looked stern, angry even, and Martha was stunned, her breath catching in her chest.
"Go to your room Martha, NOW!" He told her. His voice now commanding, like he was punishing an unruly child. She had heard him use that voice with his own son, and it had impressed, yet somehow thrilled her. It thrilled her even more as it was directed at her.
She felt suddenly intimidated and yet aroused by his authority. As he spun on his heel to return to the blonde, Martha hesitated only long enough to see what Derrick was going to do next. The thought of defying him never entering her mind.
Martha watched his muscular ass and thighs flex as he marched back to the blonde, who was still kneeling obediently, and grasped her wrist. "C'mon, upstairs!" He boomed, loud enough for Martha to hear.
The woman stumbled, trying to get her feet under herself as Derrick pulled her towards the stairs. His house being a mirror image of her own, Martha knew exactly where he was going, and she started for her own stairs.
Her nerves had her shaking as she quickly climbed the stairs naked and went to her room. She had no idea what was going to happen next, but she was not able to restrain herself from following Derrick's command.
Once in her room, she went straight to the window and pulled back the curtains as wide as they would go and raised her blinds all the way up.
She was greeted with Derrick's approving smile as he pulled his own curtains wide. They stared at each other for a moment, both taking in the sight of the other's naked body, before Derrick once again became the boss and commanded Martha, "Get out your biggest dildo and get on the bed facing me!"
His booming voice echoed between the houses, but the thought that someone might have heard him talking about dildos never entered her mind, she simply obeyed.
She was initially shocked by the fact that he had assumed, correctly that she even owned a dildo, let alone a collection of them in various sizes. These thoughts raced through her mind as she went straight to the drawer that she thought of as her "toy box".
She was suddenly embarrassed as she realized that her biggest dildo was jet black, and rather big. Would Derrick assume that she was thinking about him when she ordered it? When she fucked herself with it? It embarrassed her to think that the assumption would be correct.
Granted, she thought, she was also thinking of the studs she had seen online. Bulls, not studs, she corrected herself. But still, Derrick wasn't the only man she thought about when she used it. He was just the only one she knew personally.
So she obediently got her dildo from the drawer by her bed, leaving the bottle of lube behind, knowing that as wet as she was, it wouldn't be needed. As Martha mounted the mattress, it dawned on her how crazy this whole thing was.
Derrick was the father of her sons best friend. The man who taught her child sports stuff. They were neighbors, and friends, and shared the driving duties for their children's school and sporting events.
They had never even flirted! Sure, Martha had caught him checking her out before, and it always made her feel good. And she was pretty sure that he had busted her checking him out. But nothing was ever said about it.
They were totally polite and respectful of each other. It was a completely platonic relationship, until just now.
And now, now she was going to let him watch her fuck herself with her biggest, black, fake cock, while she watched him fuck a woman, who in many ways was similar to herself!
Her heart was pounding and her whole body was flush as she settled into position on her bed. She pulled her pillows over to prop herself up, her legs opening wide, because without being told, she knew that was what he wanted.
She was about to slide her toy towards her pussy when she looked out her window. She stopped and her breath caught in her chest at the sight across the driveway. Derrick had the blonde woman's pigtails in his fist, and was fucking her mouth. He wasn't just getting a blowjob, he was literally holding her head in place, and rocking his hips, working his big dick in and out, over and over.
The constant flashing of light was the only indication that Derrick and the other woman were not alone in the room, but Martha was barely aware of it. Her focus was on Derrick, and the way he was using his lover for his own satisfaction.
Martha had never experienced that herself, but had seen it in porn videos. She had given a few blowjobs over the years, and one of the things she'd enjoyed the most was her ability to control it all. She felt empowered by the fact that she had the mans pleasure in her hand, and mouth.
But for the man to take over? For him to take her control away? It just seemed so titillating, so dirty!
She had experimented with it with her toys, but the plastic was not very pleasant in her mouth. She thought that she would love to try it with a real dick, but got nothing out of the toy.
But at that moment, watching Derrick pleasure himself into the woman's mouth, and probably giving her excitement in the process, Martha knew she had to mimic the act.
Because she just knew that was the reason he had ordered her to her room. Why he had commanded her to get her biggest dildo and get on the bed. He wanted her to vicariously experience what he was doing with the other woman.
He wanted her to know what he was capable of doing with her. Maybe he was testing her, to see if she would want it too. And to see if she could take it. To see if she could handle the whole experience.
Martha made up her mind then that she could, and she wanted to. She pulled her eyes away from the woman's mouth and the impressive cock gliding in and out of it, and looked at Derrick's face.
He looked so serious, so intense, that she was a little intimidated, but very turned on. He raised his eyes to her, and she didn't hesitate, she slipped her fat toy into her mouth and started to fuck her own face, in time with his thrusts as they maintained eye contact.
Martha was blown away by the erotic nature of the act. She realized that she was wordlessly telling her sexy neighbor that she wanted him to fuck her mouth too. She had never acted so wanton in her life.
But she always knew she had a kinky side to her. She just had never had a partner, or been in a situation, where she could live it out. She had gone through life slightly unfulfilled, curious as to what she wanted, and what she was missing.
Seeing what Derrick was into, and his including her in his games, made her think about her own desires. It made her realize that she wanted more than just vanilla sex.
She suddenly realized that she might have found a way to explore her desires, the desires she had always suppressed. The desires she had felt she should be ashamed of.
She suddenly accepted them and knew she could find an outlet for them with the beast of a man next door. And she realized she wanted to do just that. No, she thought, she needed, to do just that!
She was shifting her attention between Derrick's smoldering eyes and his fat cock stretching the mouth of the blonde woman, taking in his flexing abs and the sheen of perspiration forming on his masculine body.
He was on one knee, his other leg straddled the woman with his foot flat on the mattress. He held her ponytails above her head with one fist, his other on his flexing hip.
She saw the small white hand of the other woman fondling Derrick's enormous black ballsack, and realized it was shaved clean, not a hair in sight.
All the while he was watching Martha's mouth taking her toy, her fingers sliding into her wet pussy before circling her clit. Her big tits rising and falling with her heavy breathing. Her own eyes showing her need.
Martha had an urge to show Derrick some of her other favorite fantasies. She waited until she knew he was looking at her mouth taking the fake black cock. She hoped that like herself, he was imagining his own cock slipping between her lips, and she pulled it out and ran the length of it across her face. Up one cheek and across her forehead to drag the tip down her other cheek.
She moaned loudly as she slipped it alongside her nose and across her open mouth, under her chin and back to her mouth where she lapped at it with her tongue. Leaving a trail of her own spit across her white face.
Martha watched Derrick's eyes grow wide with surprise and excitement, so she did it again, and again. Each time taking a different route, her tongue working any part of it available while she caressed her face with the rest of the huge toy cock.
By the time Martha had her face slathered with her own saliva, Derrick had a smirk on his face. He seemed to speak over his shoulder, and Martha saw the blonde's husband come around and focus his camera on her.
Martha was motionless, stunned to inaction by the fact that this man she had never met was taking pictures of her in a totally lewd position, knees high and wide, pussy on display with her fingers busy in it. She had a big, black, plastic dildo laying across her face, which was shiney with her own spit.
Then she saw Derrick moving, and as she watched, he pulled his big prick out of the blonde's mouth and start to slap her in the face with it!
She watched him slapping both cheeks, her still open mouth, forehead, just randomly. The blonde had her mouth wide open and her tongue out, her head rolling as if she was writhing with pleasure as she was slapped with man meat.
Martha looked up at his face again and he nodded for her to follow suit. Then he roughly shoved his cock back in the woman's mouth, just to rewet it, and started to slap her with it again.
Martha didn't even have to think about it, she took her toy back in her mouth momentarily and began to slap herself in the face with it, just like Derrick was doing.
She slapped her face all over, amazed by how erotic it felt. She imagined Derrick's large, black, prick making the wet thwack, thwack, thwack sounds as she felt each blow.
She watched the husband, he adjusted the focus of his camera often, sometimes shooting Derrick and his wife, sometimes Martha, with the others in the foreground.
It made Martha feel like she was a part of their little sexcapade. And in a sense she was. Derrick certainly seemed to enjoy watching her as much as he was enjoying his lover.
Martha reflected that the added exhibitionist, voyeur aspects could be a huge turn on for him. She certainly knew it was for her.
Martha decided to give Derrick another view of an act she wanted to perform. She moved her toy above her face and began to lick and suck the faux balls at the base. She excitedly watched as he moved to dangle his own testicles above the woman's mouth.
The blonde responded immediately and began to give Derrick the same treatment Martha was giving her toy. Her head moved side to side as she tended to the heavy looking balls above her.
After several minutes of that, when the balls were sopping wet with spit, Martha moved her toy again. She wanted to show Derrick another trick she had seen online.
It was an act that shocked her to her core the first time she'd seen it, but one that appealed to her more taboo nature. A nature she was only starting to understand.
She pointed the fake dick straight up into the air and with her tongue extending out and pointed, she began to lick the center of the suction cup on the bottom. She hoped Derrick would understand her meaning.
He did, and responded immediately. He inched forward, dragging his wet and heavy balls up across the woman's face. She took the hint and kept her busy tongue moving, seeking out his rosebud.
Derrick reached down and grabbed his own ass cheeks and pulled himself open, allowing his lover to start rimming him enthusiastically.
The man with the camera was working at a feverish pace, moving around the room to get all the angles of the action. And from what Martha could see, he was capturing the action in both bedrooms.
Derrick suddenly stood up on his bed and turned around, his feet now straddling the woman's ample chest, and squatted, offering the blonde his asshole again.
With no hesitation whatsoever, the horny wife did exactly what Martha was still demonstrating. She reached out with both hands and spread Derrick's tight ass cheeks and teased his sphincter with her tongue. Her pale white hands on Derrick's dark black, muscular ass cheeks was a vision Martha would never forget. She wanted her own white hands on that firm ass.
Martha couldn't see Derrick's face anymore, but his head rolled back on his shoulders, indicating that he was obviously in ecstasy. And Martha was blown away by the erotic sight of the woman's white face and pink tongue in Derrick's black ass.
The way Derrick was rolling his head told Martha that he was really enjoying his rimming. And she realized she was responsible for that. It gave her an erotic thrill to know that she was contributing to his pleasure.
She moaned out loud at the thought that he might need to show his gratitude at some point in the future. That she might get to give Derrick pleasure directly, and be pleasured in return.
That thought made her wonder about the future. She knew this would change things between them, but how? Martha decided that bridge could be crossed when they got there.
But she knew they couldn't just pretend all this never happened! They would have to talk about it at some point. She reflected briefly on the fact that she and her son would be knocking on Derrick's back door at 5:00. She could easily imagine D. J. running to answer the door with his dad, Derrick Sr. in the background, standing in the doorway of the kitchen from the mudroom.
She wondered what she would say, how she would behave. Martha knew she would have to keep it together in front of the kids.
But she also knew they would have to talk. And she knew that would probably happen while their kids were running off the excess energy that kids that age just naturally had, while her youngest son burned off his energy on the playground with his friends, overseen by the soccer coaches gracious wife.
Martha thought how exciting it would be for two soccer parents, staples in the bleachers during every practice and every game, to be discreetly discussing taboo sex acts while so many people were just out of earshot, and their children were nearby.
But at that moment she just needed to be fucked. She took her toy and began to slip it lengthwise into her thick labia. She moaned aloud and dragged the length of her plastic phallus across her clit and through her lips, across her taint.
Martha watched the other woman rimming Derrick, his back muscles flexing as he enjoyed the attention. She realized that the way he was moving forward and back, that he was probably fucking her tits at the same time.
This was yet another thing Martha had never experienced, and she grabbed a tit roughly while she moved her toy in between her cleavage. She had to pull her big tits together in order to reenact what she was sure her blonde counterpart was experiencing. She reflected that maybe someday soon she would get to experience it, herself, for real.
Derrick looked over his shoulder at her. When he saw what she was doing, he was inspired to move on with his own partner.
Martha opened her eyes just in time to see him kneeling between the blonde's legs. He lifted her ankles up to his shoulders and lined his cock up with her hole. The white nylon of the blonde's thigh high stockings standing out against the black background of Derrick's now sweaty torso.
Derrick looked at Martha and they made eye contact briefly before he looked down at his lover and began to drive his cock into her.
Martha could hear the woman's high pitched gasp, every time she saw Derrick's abs flex, she heard the squeal. He was feeding his thick length into her gradually with each stroke.
Martha followed his lead and slipped her fat toy into herself at the same time, her mouth hanging open and her eyes rolling back as she imagined Derrick's powerful body looming over her while he entered her.
Finally Martha saw Derrick give one big push and hold himself there. Martha heard the shriek of ecstasy in her room, and knew Derrick was into the blonde to the hilt.
She raised her feet in the air, mimicking the other woman, and pushed her toy up into herself as far as she could. She wondered if they could hear her cry out too.
Derrick began to fuck his lover then, he set a steady but forceful pace, driving himself deep with each push. Martha was soon cumming a second time as she banged herself while watching his strong body work. Imagining his body above her, his cock driving into her.
Martha could hear the woman's cries of ecstasy and knew she was cumming too, which only increased her own passion.
Martha was so far into her own euphoria that she temporarily lost track of the events next door.
When she came back to earth enough to again gaze across the distance, she saw that Derrick was now pounding the blonde woman mercilessly.
Martha was stunned by the ferocity of his assault, but also impressed and totally enthralled by the display.
She actually stopped masturbating and just watched, wide eyed and breathless. Martha was reminded of a machine, a hot, black, sweaty, powerful machine.
She didn't even realize she was holding her breath, until Derrick raised his head and looked pointedly at her, causing her to gasp. His meaningful look told her that she needed to get busy, and she did, without hesitation.
Martha began to stroke her big, black toy in and out of herself, faster and harder than she ever had before, trying to match Derrick's pace.
The pace he was setting was difficult for her to manage, but she tried her best. Her fatigued legs dropped, but she kept her feet planted and knees up and wide apart.
Martha pumped herself as hard and fast as she could, but never quite felt like she was keeping up with Derrick. And while it was exhilarating, and the most lewd thing she had ever done in her life, she yearned to experience it without having to exert the effort herself. Her arms were getting tired already, she just didn't have Derrick's strength and stamina.
She wanted to just be taken.
She kept imagining Derrick doing all the work, while she simply took it. And that brought her to yet another climax. As she reached another peak, she heard screaming, and realized that she was hearing the blonde, and herself, cumming again, simultaneously.
They were both cumming together, from the same man. One from the actual fuck, one from watching, and visualizing how good it must be.
Martha felt like she was in an erotic dream, cumming and hearing herself, and another woman, almost like an echo. Her arms pumped on their own, like she was on autopilot.
Suddenly she heard another voice. This one deep and masculine. She tried to focus on the room across the distance, and she noticed Derrick, still kneeling between the legs of the other woman, but he seemed to be looking directly at her as he howled like a beast and stroked his big, black cock.
As Martha watched, Derrick began to shoot rope after rope of jizz all over his lover. He seemed to cum forever, and Martha was sure the blonde woman was absolutely covered in it.
Martha had seen such things online, but again, had never experienced it herself. But in her mind, she could visualize what it must be like to be on the receiving end of a huge load of cum.
As she had all along, she pictured herself in the blonde's place. She imagined Derrick kneeling between her legs and spraying her, spewing hot cum all over her now sweaty body.
The thought that it could possibly happen to her in the near future was mind blowing. But as she layed there recovering on her now damp sheets, she knew she was ready for it. She knew she wanted it.
The End.
For now at least, I know this is screaming for a second chapter.
Please don't forget to vote, and feel free to comment. Unless of course you just want to bash the concept.
Constructive criticism is appreciated.