Peggy, a female friend of mine, called me up one Wednesday afternoon while I was at work, close to quitting time and said, "Hello Jerry! How are you doing?"
I replied with, "I am doing fairly well! Can't complain! I am getting ready for some days off from work. I am on vacation starting tomorrow and planning on leaving early in the morning for a camping trip out to Oklahoma and I am not coming back until Monday afternoon. How have you been doing Peggy?"
Peggy excitedly said, "So my info was correct. You are going camping in Oklahoma? I am doing well! Just been busting my butt trying to get my life situated now that the divorce is final. Could you by any chance stop by the house when you leave work? I need a favor."
I responded, "Sure Peg, I can drop by. I will be leaving work shortly. Give me about 30 minutes and I will be there."
I pulled up to her house and she came outside. I could see she was anxious about something. I got out of my truck, gave her a big hug, and said "What's up Peg? How can I be of service to you?"
Peggy looked me in the eye, "I have a favor to ask. What part of Oklahoma are you going to? I need some help getting a dog kennel I purchased for very little. The only problem is is that I need someone with a truck to help me go get it. You have a truck. So..."
I paused thinking about it. Peggy has been a good friend and she has went through a lot with the divorce, working a full time job, and providing for her kids since her ex was the very definition of a deadbeat Dad. I replied with, "So you want me to help you get a dog kennel? Where is it at exactly?"
Peggy replied with, "It is in Stillwater, Oklahoma. Where are you going camping again? I hate to impose but, I need to get the dog kennel by Monday evening. Are you going camping alone or with someone? If you don't mind me getting into your business. You know me. I am overbearing sometimes. But you love me anyway....right?!?!"
Now Peggy had me thinking mighty hard. She was a great friend that needed some help but my plan was to go to a nudist campground in Stroud, Oklahoma, by myself and truly unwind. We have known one another for a long time. She knows me. She knows about some of my nudist, and exhibitionistic tendencies, even some of my sexual history. Peggy is a short dominant woman with a few kinks of her own. She is overbearing at times, but in a loving way. We have never seen each other nude. That may change though if she goes with me!
After a long pause filled with thoughtful deliberations between my brain, my cock, and my heart, I answered her. I said, "Peggy, I am going to a campground in Stroud, Oklahoma. Stillwater is around an hour drive away from Stroud. I wasn't planning on taking anyone. Yes, you are a little overbearing at times but yes, I love ya anyway! I find you have many endearing qualities. Now, are you wanting to go camping with me?"
She said, "If you don't mind. It has been a long time since I have been camping. Let me start packing. Please tell me it has restrooms, showers, and a swimming pool! I have just bought a cute bathing suit I can't wait to wear."
I thoughtfully said, "Now Peg, are you absolutely sure you want to go with me camping? I am sleeping in a tent, I have a queen sized air mattress that I am sleeping on. It is a good sized tent, but not huge. It doesn't have enough room for an extra air mattress. So you will be sleeping with me in the same air mattress. I am alright with it. Will you be alright with that arrangement?"
Peggy replied, "Yes, I am sure. As long as there is bathrooms, showers, and a pool. You didn't say anything about them. You think you can handle me in a small Bikini. That is what the bathing suit is. We are very good friends. I trust you!"
I replied, "Umm...Peg....we need to talk about this campground. Yes, it has restrooms, showers, and a pool. You won't need your new bathing suit. It shouldn't take you very long to pack because it is a nudist campground."
Peggy said after a pause that lasted a few seconds, "Well....damn, umm.....ok... you know, well....I uh....REALLY?!?! Are you serious? Or are you just playing a joke on me? You aren't smiling. You are serious!"
I smiled, and said, "You know that I am a nudist at heart. Yes, it is real. I am going to a nudist campground resort where I plan to remain naked from the time I arrive Friday morning until Monday morning. It is clothing optional. You can wear clothes if you want. However, nobody can use the pool and jacuzzi unless they are nude. I will have no problem with being naked with you. Will you be ok with my nudity and being naked yourself at times in a social setting? We will not be the only ones there. There will be many other people there that will also be nude."
Peggy looked away and tilted her head. I could tell she was thinking hard about it. She said, "The only things that I am concerned with is that I have scars from my C-section from my second child being born. I have a few stretch marks and a few extra pounds. Will this change our friendship? I don't want to lose you as a friend. What if I get horny?"
I laughed out loud. I said, "Listen Peg, I don't know what your preconceived ideas are about the average nudist but it is not typically the perfect athletic or model specimen. There are old to young, short to tall, and skinny to big. There are very few drop dead gorgeous nudists. This trip might bring us closer together, but it will not mess anything up. It may actually improve it. As far as what to do if you get horny, you can do whatever you want. Bring some toys if you want. Masturbation is cool with me. You know I ain't bashful. Use me if you want. Sex has never messed up any friendship that I have ever had, but the sex was good at the time. Let's relax. Whatever happens at the campground, stays at the campground."
She looked at me and grinned, "Let's do it! I will go pack, lightly of course. I will bring plenty of sunscreen. You and I can help one another with sunscreen! You know my skin needs some sun but I don't want to burn my pale bits that hasn't seen the sun since....well...I don't know when! What time will you be here to pick me up in the morning?"
Well, I will be here at 6am sharp. I like to get there by 11am. We will stop and eat breakfast on the way. I will have all the food packed, cooler full, and everything we need. Remember to take plenty of towels, sunscreen, and anything you must have for 5 days and 4 nights. By the way, Mind if I use your restroom before I leave?"
She answered, "Of course you can! Come on."
I double checked that nobody was home but Peggy. I used the restroom, took off my clothes, used a wash cloth to cleanup and walked out of her restroom buck naked. I figure I might as well break her in now so that she can get used to my nudity. I walked into the living room and she was facing away from me looking down at her phone. I walked up behind her and wrapped my arms around her. My cock nestled just above her butt and she wiggled her butt and ground into me.
Suddenly, she stopped and reached her hands down to feel my cock. She grasps it with her hands as my shlong begins to fully elongate. She releases my dick, turns toward me and looks me up and down.
She excitedly said, "What the...damn man! You are looking good! Yeah, I won't have any problems seeing you nude!" She began to stroke me. "You need to leave before I rape you!"
I told her, "You can't rape the willing! I just wanted to make sure that you will be ok with it all."
She looked in my eyes lustfully and said, "I am bringing some toys. Some I will use on myself, some I will use on you, and some you can use on me."
I told her, "Just so you know, on long trips, I often pull off my shirt and shorts and drive naked."
Peggy looked at me, "...Ok. I do not have a problem with that. I may play a few games with your joystick on the road. Will you mind if I take a few pictures or a hundred for me to remember fondly our camping trip?"
"I don't mind. Take a few now if you want."
She picked her iphone up off of the coffee table and took a few snaps. She got beside me, put her arm around me, and raised her phone to take a selfie. I put my arm around her waist and smiled as she took several photos. She even got on her knees and pointed at my hard cock as she took a few more.
Suddenly, her doorbell sounded. She jumped up off of her knees to see who it was and I went in the kitchen to get out of sight.
As she opened her front door I peeked my head around the kitchen entrance slightly to see who it was. I saw my coworker, who was also Peggy's friend Rebecca. For the record, Peggy was Twenty Five years old, I was twenty eight, and Rebecca was thirty.
I ducked my head back in the kitchen and I heard them chatting about something. My erection was starting to soften so I lightly stroked my cock up and down a few times to keep myself fully hard.
I then heard Peggy say, "Sure, no problem, come on in. Your crock pot is in the kitchen on the counter.
After she said that I heard the door open and Rebecca asked, "Where is Jerry at again? You said in the restroom?"
I had nowhere to go! Unless I wanted to go out the back door that faces the rear of her neighbor's house. Her neighbor is a city cop with an attitude. No thank you!
As the consequences play out in my head of any possible outside exposure, Rebecca and Peggy get to the kitchen. I see Peggy leading the way with Rebecca right behind her. Peggy sees me, her eyes open wide and bulge out. She covers her mouth with her hand to cover her open mouth from her jaw dropping open. Peggy stops where she is at and it is as if she is afraid to move.
I cover my dick and balls with both hands but I was still mostly erect. Talk about embarassment! I now dreaded my decision to go into the kitchen!
Rebecca, who is right behind Peggy, stops in her tracks and her jaw falls open with a shocked look! Her facial expression went from shock, to recognition with surprise, to naughty intrigue. She sputtered, "What the....ummmm.....Jerry what.....ummm....what is going on?!?! Peggy? Jerry....Peggy....what is going on?" Are you two an item? Did I interrupt something?"
Peggy gasped, "I thought you went to the bathroom!"
Rebecca jerked her head toward Peggy and then back to me and said, "So Jerry, you was naked with Peggy? What is going on? Why didn't you all invite me? Are you all having sex?"
Peggy reacted with, "What?!?! No! Not that I wouldn't want to! I mean I would but....Ok.....Jerry....help."
I looked at Rebecca and then at Peggy, back and forth and I was super embarassed! Peggy is a good friend that I trust. Rebecca is someone that has flirted with me at work, is a very attractive woman, and has a wild reputation. I was concerned about what she would say to my coworkers.
I embaressingly said, "Umm...ok, well, you see Rebecca, uhh...Peggy tell her."
Peggy said, "Alright, listen, Jerry is going camping in Oklahoma this weekend, I asked to go with him so he can help me pick up a dog kennel in Oklahoma. So...that is why he is naked!"
Rebecca looked crazy at Peggy. I have to admit, I looked at Peggy like she had lost her mind too. What she said didn't make any sense.
Rebecca looked at her and said, "What? What does going camping have to do with Jerry being naked?"
I tried to move around them to get to the bathroom to get dressed as they was looking at each other. Rebecca saw me move out of the corner of her eye. She moved right in front of me blocking my retreat.
Rebecca stated, "Jerry, you ain't going anywhere until you tell me why you are naked."
I looked at her and decided to come clean. Maybe she will take mercy on me. "Okay Rebecca, I am going out to a Nudist Campground in Stroud, Oklahoma. Peggy is planning on going with me and before we come back, we are picking up her purchased dog kennel in Stillwater, which is about an hour away from Stroud. I got nude to surprise Peggy to see if she can handle being around naked me."
Rebecca looked at Peggy like she was mad. She shot out, "So Peggy, why didn't you tell me you are going with Jerry to a nudist colony?!?! You know I would love to go and that I have been wanting Jerry for a while."
Peggy stated, "I just found out shortly before you showed up! Yes, I know you want Jerry, but no, I did not know you would want to go. Do you want to go with us?"
Rebecca placed her hand on my butt and caressed it. She put her other hand on my stomach and began to move her hand down toward my hands covered cock. It was becoming more difficult to contain my erecting cock. Rebecca replied, "Yes! I would love to go!"
Peggy saw what was happening and got closer to us. She placed her hands on my left arm and began to shift her hands down towards my wrist.
Rebecca said, "Now Jerry, how about you move your hand and let me see what you showed Peggy?"
Peggy added, "Yeah Jerry, that was fun earlier. How about we continue what you started?"
I looked to both women. I was fine with the controlled exposure to Peggy. I know she wouldn't say anything. Although I like Rebecca, I don't necessarily trust her to keep quiet. I don't want everyone knowing about my personal life and kinks at work.
I looked to Rebecca and asked, "Listen, can I trust you not to say anything to anyone at work? I want to trust you. I really do. However, you have stirred up a lot of drama at work. I have to know that I can trust you before I expose myself and before you go camping with us."
Rebecca looked at me with regret on her face. "Jerry, yes, you can trust me. I have messed up some relationships at work over petty jealousy in the past. I have fucked up many times. I have spoken with Peggy about these issues and have cried on her shoulder about them. I have learned my lesson. You have not heard any drama about me in over a year. I own my mistakes. I respect and like you a lot, and I love my friend Peggy. I wouldn't want to do anything to harm either one of you. You have my word on that. Peggy would disown me anyway."
Peggy added in, "Everything she said is true Jerry. She spent many evenings crying with me over her drama queen antics at work, snd she knows I would be pissed if she starts drama with us!"
I looked at them back and forth a few times debating in my head what to do. I was getting a little more relaxed with the idea. I finally spoke, "Rebecca, I am going to trust you, BUT, you better not break my trust. You have ONE shot at my trust. JUST ONE! Promise me in front of Peggy that you won't break my trust."
"I promise Jerry, as Peggy is my witness, I will not break your trust! I have been wanting to try something new and exciting for a while! Please trust me! I won't let either one of you down."
Peggy said, "I will hold her accountable."
Rebecca came back closer to me. She put both hands on each side of my hips, looked me in my eyes and said, "Trust me."
As she said this and touched my sides. Something about her touch and her beauty set the blood racing to my dick. I was getting a full on erection. "Okay. Alright. I will trust you."
She hugged me. She said, "Well aren't you going to hug me back?"
I hugged her. My hard cock came up and went between her legs. She gasped some air in recognition of the contact and kind of ground against it. She lowered her hands to my butt and pulled me closer. She then gave my buns a light playful squeeze and released me while backing away looking down to my crotch. She took hold of my schlong and stroked a few times. A HUGE smile spread across her face while some embarassment spread across mine.
Peggy said, "Hey now, don't forget about me. Let's go to the living room and have a little fun."
We started to follow Peggy into the living room but Rebecca grabbed hold of my erection and led me into the living room. This was all still too much being nude with Rebecca and Peggy. Sensory overload! Peggy sat on the right side of the couch, and Rebecca sat on the left side of the couch and both patted the middle cushion for me to sit in between them.
Peggy said, "So, now that we are all getting along and getting to KNOW you better Jerry, I think we should first figure out if Rebecca is going with us. Rebecca, are you serious about wanting to go?"
Rebecca scrunched up her face, "Hell yeah I wanna go! You two are not going to go have a nude and sex filled long weekend and leave me behind! What is the plans?"
They both looked at me. I said, "Well, I had planned on going to a nudist campground in Oklahoma tomorrow and stay until Monday, by myself. Peggy is now going so I can help her with get the dog kennel. Now you want to go?"
Rebecca said, "Count me in! I will share you with Peggy."
I said, "Share me? I am flattered. Really flattered, but I only have one tent with a queen size air matress. Will we all three be able to sleep on one?"
Peggy jumped in with, "I have a queen size bed. Let's go in and try it."
She got up, grabbed my hard pecker and used it as a leash to lead me to her bedroom. Rebecca was right behind me squeezing my butt cheeks.
Peggy pulls back the covers and climbs in pulling me next to her and Rebecca slips in next to me. I am laying on my back while they are both laying their heads on my chest, and I am getting a four-hand body rubdown. My schlong is maxed out on thickness and length. I am at max capacity. They take turns stroking me and playing with my balls.
Rebecca kisses my cheek and goes down to get a closer look at my groin. Peggy's fingers is around my cock stroking me. Rebecca opens her mouth and sucks the head of my cock in her mouth. Taking her tongue and tease the sensitive are right below the head. My eyes roll back! Wow! This woman can give great head!
Peggy goes down and starts giving my balls a tongue bath while still stroking my dick. I focus on the physical and sexual sensations. It has been a week since my last orgasm. Both ladies are giving me a lot of pleasure! Rebecca gets her hands under my butt and starts squeezing my cheeks. She increases her suction on my cock and the speed of her bobbing up and down. I put my hand on the back of her head and start thrusting in and out of her mouth. I am skull fucking her. My precum is flowing. Peggy takes both of my balls in her mouth and gives them both a tongue massage.
I Can feel myself getting close to orgasm. I moan, "Oh my! Oh that feels good! Yeah! Right there! Ohhhh...YEAH! I'm CUMMING!"
My whole body jerked intensely as I shot my load into Rebecca's mouth. I shot multiple times. I lost count for this was one of my most intense orgasms. Rebecca stayed right there. She withstood my orgasmic onslaught of protein smoothie and didn't lose a drop. I came hard but she was able to handle it all! She swallowed some of it. She held her mouth on my joystick until I was completely through and too sensitive. I pulled her off of my dick. She climbed up and planted a kiss on my lips. She then opened her mouth and so I did as well, and she shared a mouthful of my sperm with me. We snowballed back and forth and then Peggy grabbed my mouth and kissed me tasting my cum as well.
So now as I lay here kissing both women and feeling complete satisfaction post orgasm. I say, "Yeah, You can go with us Rebecca. I believe we will be just fine in one tent."
To be continued.....
Please let me know what you thought of this start of the long weekend of a mostly CFNM journey. More to come. No pun intended. Give me feedback and/or send me a message. Rate it too. This is my fourth erotic story I have submitted. Please check out my other stories. Let me know what turns you on!