Her young lover takes over
Max's father was opening a new branch office and wouldn't be back for a couple of months. In the meantime, Max was left in charge of their old office, and was pleased to get the staff on his side. More importantly, he had a beautiful older woman as his lover. He felt like a conquering hero, with everything going his way.
The woman's husband had left her, and wouldn't be back. It was a shock, and she was hurt, feeling emotionally vulnerable. Added to that, her finances were in ruins. He took all the paperwork concerning the money situation, with a genuine intention of doing his best for her. He hadn't expected her to give in to his advances so easily, but she had, and he felt very satisfied with how things were progressing.
He gazed at her while she cooked dinner, and smiled.
'You're wonderful, and I'm a lucky man,' he said.
'What brought that on?' she laughed.
'I was just thinking how lucky I am to have such a beautiful woman looking after me,' he said.
'Wait until after dinner,' she playfully warned him.
'I wasn't thinking of that. I was,' he faltered.
Chloe recognised his contemplative mood, and wondered what he was thinking. Was she a mother substitute? His mother had walked out when he was very young. That might explain the crush he had on her. He admitted he hadn't thought to start an affair, and that it happened spontaneously. If she considered the coincidence of him being there when the letter from her husband arrived, she would have been suspicious. Before she could dwell upon it, the cooking demanded attention.
Together they cleared away, and sat with a cup of coffee, smiling at each other.
'Do you have any more of those nice underwear sets?' he asked.
'Do you think of nothing but sex?' she teased.
'When I look at you, no,' he teased right back.
'You mean the stockings and suspenders, no,' she said.
'You need to buy more,' he suggested.
'I don't have any money,' she reminded him.
'Don't worry about the mortgage, I've fixed that, and I've taken over the bills,' he said.
'What do you mean about the mortgage?' she asked.
'I bought the house. The utility bills are paid out of my account, so that's not a problem. I arranged for the interest on credit cards to be frozen, but they had to be returned to the lenders. You'll have to deal in cash from now on,' he explained.
'You bought the house? How?' she said, looking worried.
'My grandmother left me a lot in her will. It's a good investment,' he explained.
'But how did you? What did I sign the other day?' she asked, becoming more worried.
'You signed a power of attorney form, so I can deal with the debts,' he explained.
'I didn't realise, you didn't tell me, why did you do that?' she asked, sounding cross.
'You needed help, and weren't in a fit state to deal with it,' he shrugged.
'But this is serious, Max. I can't let you do this,' she complained.
'You were right about the bills. Your finances are out of control. The bank was ready to foreclose. The credit cards are maxed out. It's a real mess,' he explained.
'Is it really that bad? Is that why he ran out on me?' she said.
It looked as though she was going to burst into tears.
'Don't worry. I'll take you out shopping tomorrow. Buy you some sexy underwear, to make you feel good,' he cajoled her.
'I need food not underwear,' she tried to joke.
She tried to smile at him, wanting to hide her feelings. This was very worrying. Buying naughty underwear would please him, not her.
'What's the matter?' he asked.
'Nothing,' she said, and got up to wash the coffee cups.
He wrapped his arms around her, tightening the grip to stop her squirming away.
'Tell me,' he forcefully spoke.
'You've taken over my finances. I didn't realise what you were doing,' she stated.
'It's just until you get on your feet. I'll get you a job, and you can re-build your life. It will be alright, you'll see. I told you, I care about you, and I'll look after you,' he reassured her.
'Thank you, Max,' she said.
It would take far more than kind words to allay the uneasiness. He was being nice, even fulfilling a promise to care for her, yet it didn't feel right. He was an eighteen year old, and she felt it was taking advantage. Or maybe he was taking advantage of her, though there wasn't much she could do about it. Nothing at all.
'Come on, cheer up. You're safe with me here,' he said.
She did feel safe in his arms, so relaxed and gave in.
'Come on, let's go to bed,' he encouraged. 'We'll have a nice cuddle.'
She was about to make some excuse, and send him home. Then she realised things had changed between them. It was going to be very different from now on. It was now his bed, his bedroom, and his house. Her husband had run out on her, and Max had taken over responsibility for her. This young man had completely taken her over, without bothering to ask her opinion.
'If you want,' she reluctantly agreed.
She slipped between the sheets and pulled them up under her neck, waiting for him to emerge from the bathroom. She felt shy and vulnerable. He began kissing, and caressing her body.
'You're not very enthusiastic tonight,' he said. 'Is there something wrong?'
'No, it's alright,' she said, and kissed him gently on the lips.
He kissed her more enthusiastically. As a married woman she knew how to fake it. With the minimum of effort she responded to his foreplay. Making amorous noises, wriggling her curvaceous body, and kissing his body when it came in range. It was a dreadful thought, that she had to play along with this boy to keep him happy.
He made his way down the bed, and she breathed a sigh of relief. It was hoped it sounded like a passionate sound. With him down there, she wouldn't have to put on a sex face. She laid back with legs apart, trying to ignore him, needing to think things through. He was an eighteen year old, unused to the responsibilities of adulthood, which left her in a precarious position.
She felt his lips, tongue, and nipping teeth travelling over her thighs. His lips reached hers and she couldn't help lifting her hips, offering her sex at a better angle. She deeply sighed, giving in to the delicious feelings. Her body was becoming energised, full of life, with churning emotions. When he found her clit, engorged and sensitive, a garbled sound of approval escaped her mouth, from deep within her throat. It sounded as though she were gargling. Only with him did she make such a basic animal sound. The intense foreplay was mind numbing, sending her into a private little world of pleasure.
It was a pleasure she couldn't resist, and he was patient and persistent with foreplay. She laid back letting him suck her sex into his mouth. Despite the earlier resolve to just endure it, she became ready for him.
As soon as he entered her, an orgasm rocked her, shaking her whole body. His enthusiasm and caring love-making, renewed overwhelming feelings of emotion. She wrapped her arms around him, pressing his face into her breasts, wanting to make him happy in return for the wondrous place he had taken her. When he fell asleep in her arms, she smiled and stroked his hair. The feeling of wrongness melted away, to be replaced by a deepening affection.
***
Next morning, Chloe was up early, letting him sleep. It gave her a chance to think without him influencing her. It was true that she needed help with the finances. At least she no longer had to worry about losing the house and finding somewhere to live. He was paying the bills, but what about Wendy's college fees?
Wendy had phoned on Sunday to say she was off with friends for a few days. She had no idea when she would be back. How easy it was for the young, without life's boring responsibilities. She sat at the kitchen table with her head in her hands. The coffee was going cold.
'What the hell have I got myself into?' she asked the coffee cup.
If it had answered back, she wouldn't have felt more insane than she already did.
'That boy has me trapped!' she whispered.
At last it was sinking in. Her whole life had changed. Max owned the house and everything in it, leaving her with nothing. No income meant it wasn't possible to save for a deposit on an apartment. She'd have to ask him for money to live on, until she could get a job.
'Hell! I'm a grown woman asking a boy for pocket money!' she fiercely whispered at the coffee cup. 'He's going to buy my panties, even my panty liners every month. I'm sleeping in a young boy's bed, having to pander to his whims, or I'll be on the street!'
It was true. Relying upon an adolescent was a precarious existence. If he grew tired of her, or found a girl his own age, what then? Would he throw her out on the street? The independence and freedom adulthood brought, had been stripped from her, leaving her feeling like a pathetic child. She was dependent upon Max for food, clothes, make-up, and absolutely everything.
'I'll have to quickly learn what he likes in bed, or I could be on the street,' she moaned.
'Damn it! I know what he likes. He likes me in his bed, fucking me,' she said, and coarsely laughed. 'I'll be fucking him for pocket money. Does that make me his cheap whore?' she quietly asked the cup.
'I can't blame him. It's all my fault,' she whined.
She had already succumbed to his advances. Would she continue submitting to him, when he made more adventurous sexual demands? He was too young to have developed kinky habits. Though, he wasn't old enough to know what he liked, and would be experimenting, trying things out. She would have to play along with him, letting him experiment upon her.
She would be his plaything, kept for sexual games. She would be nothing more than his fuck doll! Chloe felt small and insignificant. If she didn't want to be thrown out on the street, she would have to pander to his whims. To keep his interest and receive an allowance, she would have to show enthusiasm, and feed his imagination.
'Oh, hell! I'm so wet and horny just thinking about it,' she moaned. 'Surely I haven't always been like this, a dirty slut. Has he brought it out of me, or has he changed me? Damn, it! I don't care. I just want him to fuck me,' she laughed.
After breakfast, Max was enthusiastic to go shopping. This was a new experience for Chloe, as her husband hated spending money. It made her wonder what he had been spending it on. She felt angry that he got them into debt, obviously by overspending on his mistress.
She asked Max to wear a business suit, so that he looked older. She was still apprehensive over meeting anyone she knew. What would they think of her, with a young lover, for it would show on both their faces. With her on his arm he felt older, and more responsible. She felt embarrassed.
'Let's get something in here,' he said.
'They're a bit expensive. We need food and essentials, rather than playthings,' she reminded him.
'I guess you've always been sensible, so it's about time you relaxed and had some fun. Besides, if we buy frozen food it will need to be taken home. This first, then the essential things,' he scolded her.
'We can look I guess,' she sighed. 'My husband kept me on a tight budget, and it's difficult to change a lifetimes habits.'
'You deserve a treat,' he smiled.
'It's a treat for you,' she smiled back.
'Whatever,' he laughed as they walked in.
Having her submit left him feeling bold. Otherwise, he wouldn't have been able to walk into a women's underwear store, let alone look through the scanty things on display.
'I can't wear those,' she whispered. 'Look at the price!'
'I want you to wear them for me,' he admonished her.
'Alright, it's up to you, I guess,' she reluctantly agreed.
He took a dress off a rack and held it up to her.
'No, that's going too far, look how expensive it is,' she complained.
'Try it on,' he cajoled her.
Waiting outside the changing room, he glanced in, and saw a woman reflected in a mirror. She was shimmying out of a dress. She bent over in a thong, showing off a cute ass. He knew he should look away, and did, only to check no one saw him, before continuing to stare. She stood upright and straightened her hair. She hesitated a moment, and he thought he'd been spotted in the mirror.
Obviously not, for she struck a seductive pose, pushing out her breasts in a flimsy bra. She lifted them, and let them bounce back into place. She turned around and adjusted the thong, giving him a better view of her bottom. Turning to face the mirror, she pulled at the thong, adjusting it, almost pulling it away from her pussy. It pulled tight between her lips, showing off a camel toe.
Another woman approached the changing room, and so he turned away, trying to hide a raging hard-on. The woman appeared from the changing room, wearing a short dress. He had seen what she was wearing underneath, and couldn't shake off the image. When she approached, he was sure he'd been caught spying on her, and she was going to berate him.
'I wonder if you can give me a man's opinion,' she said.
It wasn't a question, it sounded like a foregone conclusion. She took his arm, pulling him to the underwear racks. To him they were just a blur of colours.
'Do you think these will go better under this dress?' she asked.
'Better than what?' he sheepishly asked.
'Better than the underwear you were admiring,' she smiled at him.
'I, didn't, err,' he stuttered.
'You're cute, so shy, and young,' she purred.
'Be careful what you do with that, you might hurt someone,' she seriously spoke, while pressing his cock through the suit trousers.
Max felt her hand on him, and the slight squeeze almost set him off. He looked around hoping no one had seen. Chloe was looking for him, and the store wasn't so big that she didn't spot him.
'What did she want?' Chloe angrily asked.
'Some advice, a man's opinion,' he lamely said.
'I bet she did. You're looking after me, no one else,' she crossly spoke.
Her face wasn't green, but the jealousy was clear. She looked across the store at the woman. She was built like a model, skinny, only with large breasts.
'They're false,' she declared.
'What do you think?' she eventually asked.
'You look so sexy, I don't think I can wait till we get home,' he said, with enthusiasm.
She was about to say his arousal had better not have anything to do with that woman. Instead she shut her mouth. She changed her mind about the dress being too expensive.
'I'll get you something else to wear with it,' he said.
He handed her packets of stockings and suspenders, and told her to put them on. She was about to tell him she only wore tights, then caught the woman eyeing him up. Damn the hussy! The bitch wasn't going to steal her young man.
She reappeared looking nervous. He took hold of her hand, and said, 'Come on, lets pay for them, and do the rest of the shopping.'
'I'm not sure about this. I thought you were buying these clothes for the bedroom. I can't wear such a short dress outside!' she complained.
'I might let you change into something else, if you're good, and don't complain,' he firmly stated.
It was just a joke, but she seemed to take him seriously. He was a little surprised how often she kept giving in to him, and wondered why.
'Well, err, I guess so. Whatever you say. I just hope we don't meet anyone I know,' she quietly spoke.
The woman joined the queue, and smiled at Max. 'That's nice, buying a present for your mother,' the woman said.
'He's not my son. If you must know, he's my lover,' Chloe bragged.
She hefted a shoulder while turning away, dismissing the rude woman.
Chloe hadn't wanted to leave the store in the short dress, now she couldn't get out quick enough. It felt uncomfortable being bitchy, as it wasn't in her nature. Knowing it was down to jealousy, and protectiveness over Max, didn't make it feel any better.
As they walked through the mall, she couldn't help glancing in store fronts at her reflection. She kept pulling at the hem, as though stretching it to cover her thighs. It was a beautiful summer dress, well designed and made, expensive, but she wasn't used to showing off so much leg.
'I must look like mutton dressed as lamb, in this dress,' she complained.
'You look beautiful and very attractive,' he told her.
It kept her quiet for awhile. As it cost so much, she certainly didn't feel cheap. That thought reminded her that he was paying for it, and everything else. If he asked for everything back, she would be left naked in the mall. She was a kept woman. The ideas made her chuckle, as did admitting to that woman he was her lover. She looked at him, and a sudden thrill overtook her. She felt as though she were walking on air.
'Shoes next,' Max announced.
'This store is too expensive, let's try the one over there,' she suggested.
Max considered the discount store for a split second, then pulled her into the upmarket shop.
'How can I help you?' an assistant asked.
'How about shoes?' Max couldn't resist teasing the young assistant.
'Good choice, sir,' the girl sarcastically threw back at him. 'Anything in particular?'
'A sensible pair for the office, and some high heels,' he stated.
'What size are you, sir?' the girl said, with just the faintest of smiles.
He laughed, and Chloe gave her a number.
'Why is it women are playing with me this morning?' he asked.
'You're young, handsome, and . . .' Chloe looked him over with a look of curiosity. 'There is something about you. It's not just the suit, it's the way you stand and talk. Confidence, you seem full of quiet confidence,' she said.
'Oh,' he quietly responded, still none the wiser.
'I won't be able to walk in these!' Chloe sighed.
The girl agreed, and switched to another pair of high heels, 'These aren't so crippling, and you can actually walk in them, not far though,' she said.
Next to the first pair, they seemed almost sensible. The girl quickly picked up on who was paying, and therefore who to please. At first Chloe wobbled while walking around the store, eventually learning the right pace and gait. They were surprisingly comfortable, though she realised her toes would ache if worn for too long.
'They are nice. Surprisingly comfortable and the blue matches the dress. Are you sure they aren't too expensive?' Chloe asked.
Although feeling guilty, she again relented to his insistence. She'd never been treated like this before, and it was hard to get used to. Her husband had been a miser, from growing up in a poor family. It made her head spin to think how much had been spent on her so far, and he was buying her more shoes.
'These shoes for the office are too expensive. We could get something similar far cheaper,' she complained.
'Relax. They're paid for now. We'll go for a coffee, then get you something to wear for the office job you'll be getting,' he said.
'What if I don't get a job? It will be a waste of money,' she grumbled.
'You will, don't worry,' he encouraged.
Max watched her struggle onto a bench seat. She wasn't used to the high heels, or the short hem, and nervously pulled at it. He pushed the table up to her, a little too quickly. He sat down and pulled his chair close.
'I was thinking of a skirt and jacket, in dark blue. What do you think?' he asked.
'What? Could you pull the table back, I've caught my leg the wrong side of the table leg,' she said, while struggling.
'Forget that, what do you think? For the office,' he repeated.
She looked up and asked, 'For what office?' she distractedly said.
She glanced over his shoulder then quickly down at the table.
'I can't keep my legs together!' she hissed at him.
'I thought you were a fine lady, yet now I learn you're a hussy,' he laughed.
'Eh? No! I mean my leg is caught,' she complained, in an urgent whisper.
The waitress turned up and took their order.
As soon as she left, Chloe quietly told him, 'Pull the table back, so I can free my leg.'
'I can't, someone's sitting close behind me now. No one will see under the table,' he said.
'Those two over there. Don't look!' she admonished him. 'They're sitting on a sofa, low down. They can see up my dress!' she complained.
'How can I see them, if I don't look?' he asked.
Her head was down, looking at a menu, yet her eyes were focusing on someone past his elbow. She was blushing, with an expression fluctuating from guilt to embarrassment and back. Maybe it wasn't guilt after all. It bore a resemblance to the look she wore when excited.
'They're discussing me,' she crossly spoke. She flicked her eyes down to her lap, and back at them. 'They can see those little panties, and everything down there. I'm in those damn stockings and garter belt you made me wear. They can see stocking tops and the straps,' she complained.
He could tell she was clenching her thighs with no effect. 'Can you lip read?' he asked.
'Why do you ask that? Of course not,' she dismissed his remark.
'How do you know what they can see?' he queried.
'I just know. Trust me, I'm a woman. We grow up learning to cover up against you men,' she admonished him.
She was telling him off, though it looked as though she was enjoying the attention.
'One of them has bent to do his shoe lace. Damn! The other one has put his coffee on the floor! They're blatantly looking up my dress!'
'Don't worry about it. You've made their day. If there's something you can't do anything about, get used to it,' Max advised.
'I'm just saying, that's all. Why are men such silly boy's. It's all your fault for making me wear these skimpy panties and stockings. I can feel the panties pulling into me,' she complained.
'Just sit back and relax, don't let it get to you,' he said.
'You wouldn't want to show your dick off to the waitress would you? Oh, silly me. Wrong example,' she sarcastically said.
'I think you're enjoying it,' he accused.
She squirmed on the seat, then suddenly stopped.
'What's the matter?' he asked.
Her face had gone a deeper shade of red.
'When I move, the dress pulls up further around my thighs,' she quietly said.
'Pull it down then,' he said.
'Not while they're watching, they'll realise I know. They'll think I've been showing myself off. Damn! The panties have pulled tighter. They are red like the leather seat,' she said.
'What does that mean?' Max looked bemused over it all.
'It means, looking like a hussy. That's what you called me. It will look as though I'm not wearing panties. Why did I let you talk me into wearing these insubstantial things. They're really staring now!' she moaned.
'Don't look at them. Keep your mind off it. Talk to me,' he said.
Max pointed to the menu she'd been pretending to examine. 'Shake your head,' he told her.
She shook her head, as though not wanting what he was pointing at.
'It's like that time in college. A few friends jumped into a car for a lift to the beach. There were three of us girls in the back, with me sitting in the middle on some towels. The driver adjusted his mirror, but I didn't realise what he was doing at the time. My legs were up, either side of something, like now. In those days we all wore short tight skirts,' she said, to mitigate the error.
'It wasn't until half way there, I realised why he kept looking in his mirror. I dare not move, pretending I didn't know what he was doing. He had a clear view up the skirt, eyeing my white panties. I was mortified,' she said, looking far from worried.
There was a gleam in her eye when she said, 'I fidgeted uncomfortably and my friends grabbed me and tickled me. That made it worse. The skirt rode up, showing off my thighs, like now. Only now the panties are indecently fragile,' she said.
Max could see how worked up she was. Was she aware of it? The complaints over the stares weren't so forceful, and she wasn't doing anything about it.
'Shall I pull the table away, so you can slip around to this side?' he asked.
'No, don't do anything, you'll attract attention. If I pull my leg up to get round, the panties will show, err, oh, dear. They're hardly covering me down there,' she whispered.
'So those guys can see your pussy?' Max teased.
'Oh! God! Don't say that. The damn things are cutting me in two,' she protested.
'What's going on down there? You must be opening up to them,' he goaded her.
'The crotch is just a thin piece of cotton disappearing between my lips. Those men can see what's happening to me,' she struggled to say, between heaving breaths.
'Max! I think I'm going to cum,' she quietly moaned.
'Better do it quietly,' he smiled.
'Please Max, do something,' she pleaded. 'I can't cum in front of all these people!'
He leaned forward to whisper, 'You're a sexy woman. Enjoy the attention. I'll kiss you're pussy when we get home, the way you like it. I'll suck all your naughty bits into my mouth, and nibble on your clit.'
'That's not helping, Max,' she groaned.
She couldn't any longer pretend ignorance. She was looking over his shoulder, directly at them, wearing her sex face.
The waitress delivered the coffee and slammed the spoons on the table. Chloe recovered enough to bring herself together, and tried to bring her breathing rate down.
'Max, you bastard!' she breathed at him.
'Did you cum?' he grinned.
'No. I'm horny as hell! You better take me home and fulfil your promise,' she warned him.
'Drink your coffee and we'll finish shopping,' he laughed.
Maybe the two strangers had an appointment, or had to leave to relieve themselves. In any case they left, leaving a large tip. Chloe was too embarrassed to look at them.
When they left, Chloe grinned at her young lover, and said, 'That was so bad. I've never done anything like that before. You've done something to me. You keep making me do things,' she said, no longer complaining.
'Come on lets go,' he said.
She was hoping he meant to take her home. Instead he firmly guided her toward another store. On the way they walked over a grid, and her dress ballooned up. She struggled to control it, with panicky hands at the front then the back. He laughed at her, then grabbed an elbow to drag her off the air vent.
'Damn! You did that on purpose!' she wailed.
'Of course. It was funny seeing you struggling. Just a bit of harmless fun,' he told her.
She was looking around at the faces staring at her. Some surprised, others smiling. At least they weren't cheering.
'No more surprises, promise?' she asked.
'No! It's about time you admitted to enjoying it,' he said, with great amusement.
Damn him! He was playing with her again. She felt like a boy's toy, and at her age it was humiliating. To make it worse, she couldn't help getting worked up. This was like nothing she had ever done, or felt before. The excitement levels coursing through her body were affecting her mind. She was losing all her inhibitions, behaving so badly, it stimulated her all the more. She was caught in a delicious circle of arousal.
'You've got a business jacket, skirt, and shoes. We've also done the proper shopping, as you call it. We can go home now,' Max said.
'Good! I don't think I could stand any more of your games,' Chloe light heartedly complained.
When they arrived home, Chloe threw the frozen food into the freezer, and grabbed his hand. He pretended not to understand what she wanted.
'Please Max, I need you,' she implored of him.
'I'm just a guy, you'd best tell me exactly what you want,' he teased.
'Kiss me down there, Max. Come on Max, please,' she openly begged.
She knew he wanted her to talk dirty, and it did turn her on. He was introducing her to all sorts of filthy things. Nice things!
On the kitchen floor, he moved between her thighs. She'd already ripped her panties off. He kissed her glistening lips.
He looked up at her, and asked, 'Is that what you wanted?'
'Max! Lick me, suck my cunt into your mouth, please!' she begged, and cajoled him.
If he wanted her to beg and talk dirty, she was prepared to sell her soul. She was desperate for him to finish what he started.
She arched he back on feeling his tongue lick her slit. 'Oh! Yes! Max!' she cried out.
She couldn't wait for him to enter her. The orgasm was urgent, and desperate, not like the usual deep al powerful ones he usually gave her.
'What are you doing to me Max?' she hoarsely murmured.
'What do you mean?' he asked
'You're turning me into a wanton slut, a hussy,' she said.
'Am I?' he asked, sounding amused.
'You're playing with me, Max. I'm your sex toy,' she accused.
'Interesting idea. From now on, you are my sex toy,' he laughed.
He continued stroking her body, and settled to kiss her nipples. He was trying to give each a fair amount of attention. She lay back helpless, unable to stop him. Her mind was swamped with arousing sensations, leaving her to weak to resist.
'Do that again, please,' she begged.
His fingers stroked her thigh, continuing upward, through her wet slit, over a swollen labia, to press on an engorged clitoris. As the fingers slid back down to the crease between crotch and leg, his other hand made the journey upward. He began to refine the journey, on hearing her moaning.
'I'm cumin! Yes! Keep going!' she implored him.
***
The caring way he made love to her, the shopping trip, and that damn woman in the store, all combined to win her over. She lay panting on the kitchen floor, not caring if anyone walked in. She was deeply affected by the orgasmic afterglow. No longer suffering from an urgent passion, she serenely lay back letting him suck on her nipples.
This wasn't the first time they had made love on the floor, or in the kitchen. With her husband, she'd only made love in bed. With her wonderful young lover, they had sex on the kitchen table, and now on the floor. She was thinking of where else they could do it. Dare she suggest outside somewhere. He might know some secluded place where they could get away with it.
She suppressed a giggle, as he was dozing.
She thought over what happened in the coffee shop, and felt a thrill. It had motivated her desire to rip off his clothes once home. They hadn't even made it to the bedroom, she had been so excited. She had told him she was horny. Had she ever been like that before? Certainly if she had, she'd never dared tell anyone.
'Mmmm, that's nice,' she whispered.
She felt him flicking his tongue over a nipple, that had been sucked into his mouth. His fingers were lightly stroking her thighs. He'd told her to order a pizza, rather than cook. It meant she could lay on the kitchen floor letting him tease her, instead of cooking. He was good at it, and she was learning to love it. She was hooked, and knew it, but didn't care anymore.