This story is about sex, drugs, and rock and roll over a lifetime lived in Berkeley. But at its heart it's a romance. The sex, drugs, and rock and roll are merely facilitators.
My parents never told me that an LSD flashback might take twenty years to occur.
When I left my home in Idaho to attend graduate school at UC Berkeley in 1969 my concerned parents gave me a long lecture about all things not to do in that little piece of Sodom and Gomorrah by the Bay (as they thought of Berkeley in 1969 from the perspective of Salmon, a little Mormon town in rural Idaho). Much of it was good advice. There were a lot of ways to get in trouble in Berkeley in 1969, but there was also a good education to be had if you stayed focused on the reason you came there. I stayed focused, for the most part, and ultimately obtained a PhD in structural engineering.
One of their major lecture points was the danger of drugs. My mother went on at length, especially on the horrors of LSD. "Remember," she lectured. "That stuff will give you flashbacks long after you think it's out of your system." She wasn't all that clear about what a flashback was, but she was sure it was bad.
But not even the people who later explained to me what a flashback was told me the flashback might come twenty years later. My one and only experience with dropping acid (at least I guess it was acid) produced a lost weekend. I've always remembered putting that little tab of paper on my tongue while I was watching a Grateful Dead concert on a Friday night in the old Greek Theater in Berkeley, but the rest of what went on that weekend was lost to me. It was Tuesday before I found myself back at the house in south Berkeley I was sharing with a couple of fellow graduate students. They told me I had arrived home late on Sunday night and gone directly to bed, sleeping until Tuesday morning. Could be. I don't know. Tuesday morning was where my life picked up again from Friday night when I dropped the tab of acid. Everything in between was gone. I also had a hell of a hangover on Tuesday. That headache and the drugged feeling went on for a week.
Roll forward to a pleasant day in Berkeley in October of 1991, roughly twenty years after my lost weekend. I hadn't thought about that weekend in years. Sitting in a Starbucks on Shattuck Avenue, I was drinking a coffee as I went over my final divorce papers before going up to my lawyer's office to sign them. It was 3:30 and the place was busy, mostly with grad students tying up all the tables with their laptops and a coffee they planned to stretch for at least two hours. I looked up to see an attractive woman in her late thirties standing with her coffee looking in vain for an empty table. When she looked towards me, I spoke up, asking, "Would you care to join me?" As I spoke I was stacking my papers which I had now finished reviewing half an hour before my appointment. She had a mass of long honey blonde hair twisted and stacked atop her head. Beautiful hair, I thought. Her clothing looked professional, a tan business suit consisting of a knee length skirt and jacket with a white blouse below buttoned to her throat, and conservative pumps with just enough heel to emphasize her long legs. Very attractive, I thought.
"Oh thank you. That's very kind," she responded pulling out a chair and sitting opposite me. "It's always so busy here, but sometimes I just need to come down and decompress. My office is just upstairs."
"Oh, I see. I'm just here to see my lawyer today. Finalizing my divorce," I said, gesturing at the stack of papers.
"I'm sorry to hear that."
"No. This is a good thing for me. Actually for both of us," I responded. "It's something we should have done years ago."
"Well that's good then. A divorce is very difficult for some people. Helping some of them can be part of my job. I'm a clinical psychiatrist. My office is upstairs. I also have another office over at San Francisco State where I teach and run my research program."
"You had a difficult case this afternoon?" I asked. But thinking I quickly said, "Oh, I know you can't tell me about it. These things are very confidential."
"That's true,' she said. "Confidentiality is one of the hard parts of the job. The things people tell you really get to you sometimes and there is no one I can discuss it with. That's why I come down here after a particularly difficult session. It helps to be around healthy people, working happily away on their computers with no obvious signs of stress. Don't get me wrong. I love my job. I'm trying to help people, but sometimes it is so stressful." As she dragged out the last few words, she wrapped a few wisps of her hair that had escaped her bun around a finger.
I stared. I had seen that gesture, but where and when? Then I checked out. Physically, I was still in 1991 in a Starbucks on Shattuck Avenue in Berkeley, but my head was someplace else completely. The blonde was still there, but she was much younger and thinner, wearing jeans and a faded, tie dyed T-shirt that did little to conceal her ample bosom. We weren't on Shattuck Avenue and we weren't in 1991. It was 1971 and we were in the old Greek Theater on the far side of the campus listening to a Grateful Dead concert. I must have just dropped the acid, because I was staring at her chest watching the patterns in the T-shirt swirl and spin more or less in time to the Dead's rendition of Scarlet Begonias. I looked at her and said, "Oh wow."
And then I was back. Back in 1991, sitting in a Starbucks on Shattuck Avenue with an attractive middle aged clinical psychiatrist I had just met, who was the same woman I had been with moments before at the Greek Theater, just 20 years older. "Oh wow, I repeated as I shook my head and tried to clear it.
She was looking at me with concern. "You just said that," she said. "Twice."
I shook my head again. Oh I guess I did, I thought, but the first time was twenty years ago and the patterns on her T-shirt were swirling and rearranging themselves.
"Uhh. Did I?"
"Yes."
"Here?"
"Yes."
"Oh." But I wasn't here the first time, I thought, and she wasn't either. We were in 1971 at the Greek Theater.
I sat staring at her for a long time. What had just happened, I wondered. I shook my head again and then, picking up my papers, said, "I need to get up to my lawyer's office. Time to get this over with." I was actually going to be fifteen minutes early but I felt a need to get away from this woman before whatever it was that had just occured happened again. I tossed the last of my coffee in the trash and hurried out the door.
As I rode up the elevator two things were bothering me. I had this deep conviction that the woman I had been having coffee with was the same person who had given me the tab of acid that started my lost weekend in 1971 and prior to today, I had no memory of watching her T-shirt's colors swirl and blend in response to the band's music. I remembered it from my little check out of a few minutes ago, but prior to that it was, if it occurred at all, a part of my lost weekend. What the hell was happening to me?
As I left my lawyer's office an hour and a half later, a folder of my now signed divorce papers under my arm, the door to the office next to his opened and the woman I had met in the Starbucks stepped out in the hall. She had a brief case in hand and appeared headed home for the day.
"Hello again," she said. "Did things go well with the lawyer?"
"Oh yes. No problems." I smiled at her. She really was attractive.
"And you. Your next client was a little less stressful I hope."
"Oh yes. Actually the one I mentioned was my last client of the day, so it is always easier when I talk to myself." She smiled. But then she looked hard at me, the smile fading to a look of concern. "And you? Are you okay. I was a little worried about you when you checked out on me down there in the Starbucks."
"Oh that. Well it was a little disquieting."
"Would you like to talk about it?" She still had her hand on the doorknob.
"You wouldn't mind? You look like you are headed home."
"No one there but my cat. He won't notice if we chat for half an hour."
She pushed the door open and we walked into the reception room and then through to her office. There was a large walnut desk and two comfortable looking arm chairs opposite each other. "You don't have a couch?" I said.
"That's a bit of a myth," she said. "Most people are more comfortable in an arm chair. Besides I like my patients to look me in the eye, if they can. Have a seat." I noticed she gestured towards the arm chair that had a large box of tissues setting on the table next to it. Yes, I thought, I suppose a lot of crying goes on in this room.
I sat down and said, "You're right. This chair is very comfortable."
"I told you," she said with a smile. She apparently didn't consider this a formal session as she had peeled off her jacket before sitting down and then kicked her shoes off. I couldn't help noticing that under the conservative white blouse she wore, she was very buxom. I also noticed, again, that she had great legs.
"Okay. Is this the part where I spill my guts out to you? I've never talked to a therapist before."
"No not yet, and not at all unless you want to. Let's start with names. I'm Karen Rutherford, and you are? I noticed she had an open note pad and a pen setting on the table next to her, more or less where the tissues were next to me.
"I'm Alan Sanders," I said. "I own a consulting structural engineering firm over in the City. We're on Sansome Street. But I live here in Berkeley. Never left after I finished my engineering degree. And, as you know I am recently divorced."
She grilled me about the divorce for a while including the classic therapist question as to how Ifeltabout the divorce, to which I responded that I felt it was unfortunate, but as I had told her earlier, it was the best thing for both of us. I explained that my wife had become so involved in her international law practice over the years that we really had nothing in common and that she was out of the country more than she was home. We had become more like roommates than a loving couple.
She poked at a very high level for the essentials of my life story (grew up on a ranch in Idaho, educated at Brigham Young University and UC Berkeley). Raised a Mormon, but non-practicing since I had left BYU. Served during the Vietnam war, but not in combat. Not traumatic, just boring.
Finally she got around to the issue she was really interested in. "What happened down there in the Starbucks? You kind of checked out on me for a couple of minutes."
I leaned back in the chair and closed my eyes for a moment. This was the spill your guts part of a session I guessed. "Yeah, I guess I did. I'm not sure what happened. I was there with you in the Starbucks and then I was someplace else, but it was still me."
She was scribbling furiously on her note pad. Before she could ask another question, I held up my hand. "Wait, I have to tell you I can't pay you. Divorces aren't cheap."
'I understand," she said. "I hear that frequently. Usually I send the person to a public clinic or get their lawyer to make the spouse pay, if the settlement is not final or permits it. But I'm not going to charge you because I'm interested in you. People don't usually just check out like you did and then check back in that quickly. So where were you, I mean when you weren't in the Starbucks with me?"
"I was with you in the old Greek Theater over on the other side of campus, but it was 1971."
She kept scribbling. "Can you tell me more?"
"Yes, but first I have to give you a little background about 1971." I told her the story about my lost weekend, leaving out the part that had been filled in when I revisited 1971 an hour or so earlier.
"So 20 years ago you went to a Dead concert, dropped acid, and had a lost weekend. How much acid? People don't usually loose a whole weekend from a typical recreational dose of acid."
"I don't know. I was an engineering student. I didn't know anything about acid or any other drugs. I was just there because I liked the music. I've always been a Dead Head, at least since I came to Berkeley. They didn't play Salmon, Idaho or even Provo, Utah."
"Tell me what it looked like?"
"The acid?"
She nodded.
"A small piece of blotter paper, maybe an inch square with a picture on it. She told me to put it on my tongue and hold it there for a little while. She said she got it from the band's sound man." Karen had stopped taking notes.
"Who was this girl that gave you the acid."
"When I finally came to after my lost weekend, I had no idea." I paused. "But today it was you."
"Me? A 39 year old clinical psychologist was at a 1971 Dead concert handing out tabs of acid?
"No, it was a 19 year old girl. At least she told me she was 19. She looked exactly like you, less 20 years."
"Did she tell you her name?"
"No." I waited a long moment. "Did I just make this up? I mean subconsciously, while I was checked out, or however you would say it."
Karen leaned back and untied the knot in her hair, shaking it loose and letting it fall to her shoulders. She had thick, beautiful hair. "It was the fall of 1971, in the Greek Theater? A Grateful Dead concert?" she asked. "You're sure of that?"
"Yes."
"And it was me, a 19 year old me, that gave you the acid?"
"Well that was this afternoon's version of 1971, so..." I was silent for a moment "Were you in Berkeley then Doctor? Were you at that concert? Was that you?"
"Well I grew up in Berkeley. My father was a biology professor, so I was here in 1971. I've always lived in Berkeley. Was I at that concert? I have no idea. Did I give you a tab of Owsley's acid?" She shrugged her shoulders. "Even if you did drop a tab of acid it shouldn't have wiped you out for the whole weekend. There must have been more."
She dragged her fingers through her hair, thinking. "I have to tell you Alan, 1971 was a bit of blur for me. Not one weekend, but most of the year. My father had kept me in a private girls school down near Monterey for four years of high school. It was run by nuns. He didn't think Berkeley was a good place to grow up, and he was right. When I finally got out of high school, I moved in with my mother. She and my father had been separated for years. She was an artist. She let me do anything and for most of that year I did. It was crazy. I knew the band and their soundman, so yes, I might have given you that tab of acid, but like most of my life that year, I don't have a specific memory of it."
"I see," I said.
"But what I'm most interested in," she said, "is what triggered you? Was it just seeing me or did I say or do something that caused you to trip out like that. In my lab over at San Francisco State I study hallucinogenics and their effects on people. What you've described sounds like a flash back, but I've never heard of one delayed this long. It is also a little like a fugue state, but they usually last much, much longer--months and even years, never only a few minutes, and typically people in a fugue state have a whole second personality. You said you were yourself."
She reached up and grabbed a strand of her hair twisting it around her finger, just as she had in the Starbucks. And I was gone again.
When I returned we were both still sitting in the arm chairs in her office on Shattuck Avenue in Berkeley. I looked at my watch and saw that about five minutes had passed. Karen was sitting watching me, her fingers supporting her chin. I blinked and shook my head.
"You're back?" she asked.
"Yes."
"Where were you this time? 1971 again?"
"Yes."
"And was I there?"
"Yes. The younger hippie chick version of you."
"At the Greek Theater again?"
"No. We were in the back seat of a car going somewhere. You didn't give me any more drugs, but..." I wasn't sure I was ready to tell her the rest. I was also somewhat uncomfortable because I realized that I had developed an erection. At age 43, I didn't routinely grow an erection while simply sitting in chair talking to an attractive woman. I tried to discreetly adjust my trousers to accommodate things, hoping she wouldn't notice. She noticed. I think she had already noticed my erection.
"But?" she asked, seeking to get me to continue.
"I'm not sure I'm comfortable in telling you about it."
"My patient's never are. That is why they come to me."
"Oh. Of course." I paused. "But this involves you."
"Perhaps. It's not uncommon for a patient to fantasize about the therapist. Although I have to admit, I've never seen it in a simple hallucinogenic flash back case. But I've never seen a flashback that was delayed for twenty years." She thought for a moment.
"I'll tell you what," she continued. "Let's start by trying to identify your trigger. This has happened to you twice in the last couple of hours and each time I was present. Was there something I said or did just before you checked out each time?"
I thought about it for a moment. "Yes, there was," I said. "but it was so simple that I can't believe..."
"Sometimes simple is it. It doesn't have to be complex. What was it?"
"Each time you were thinking before you spoke and you reached up with your left hand and wrapped a stray strand of your hair around a finger. The 1971 version of you did the same thing, just before she gave me the acid tab."
"How interesting," she responded. She sat thinking and unconsciously began to reach for her hair with her left hand.
"No. Please don't do that. My little trips are uncomfortable and I don't want to do it again."
"Oh. I'm sorry. That's an unconscious habit on my part. My late husband used to call it my tell. He said it was something I did when I didn't want to say what I was thinking."
"You mean like a bluffing poker player."
"Yes, but broader. Well okay, that's good to know. I may have to get a skull cap for our conversations, but at least we have identified a trigger. It's me and one of my weird little gestures.
"But now you need to tell me what happened during your last little visit to 1971." As she spoke she released a button at the top of her blouse and let her fingers lightly graze her throat.
"Okay." I said with reluctance. I felt my erection flex at the thought.
"We were in a car, a big 1960's sedan like a Chey Impala or something similar. We were in the back seat. I don't know who was driving. There was a steady tone of the tires hitting something repetitively on the roadway. Slap, slap, slap. It was rhythmic, like expansion joints on a bridge. It was dark and the lights on the bridge were making a stripped pattern on the interior of the car that would come and go as we passed each light source. The timing seemed to match the noise--slap, slap, slap. Flash, flash, flash. I was really tripping on the combination."
What was I doing? she asked.
"Nothing at first. I guess you were tripping on the lights too."
"And then?"
I paused before I spoke. My erection was getting harder as I thought about how to describe what happened next."Well, you pulled your T-shirt off and we sat there, in the back of the car both of us tripping on the light show on your naked breasts. You were holding them out to me. You had beautiful breasts."
"My late husband thought so too." She had released another button on her blouse and I could see her upper chest was a little flushed. Her fingers were still stroking her throat. "What happened next?"
My cock flexed again."When we came off the bridge,... I think it was the Gate, not the Bay Bridge, because it was dark and if we had been on the Bay Bridge the lights of the City would have been around us. When we came off the bridge... I started fondling your tits. You had your head back against the seat. My head was in your lap and I was using my hands to fondle your tits."
"And were you enjoying it?" she asked.
"Yes, and so were you. You were groaning when I rubbed your nipples."
"Yes, I do that, or at least I used to." I noticed another button had been released and I could see the top edge of her lacy bra. "What happened next?"
I wasn't at all sure I wanted to tell her what happened next. I adjusted my trousers again, not that it really helped, but it was a stall. Then I said, "When we came out of the north end of the tunnel that leads into Marin you leaned over and released my pants and pulled my cock out. Then you leaned forward and begin to suck on it. You were rubbing your naked tits against my lower chest at the same time."
"Was it good. Was I good cocksucker?"
"Oh god yes. There were a lot of girls at BYU who had given me head, but none who could match what you were doing that night."
My late husband always said I was a good cocksucker. He certainly should have known, given the number of coeds who gave him a blow job to pass his psych 101 class." She laughed. Then returning to our therapy, she asked, "Did you cum?"
"I don't know. I was about to but you adjusted the way you were leaning over me and when you did that you pulled some hair out of your face and wrapped it around your finger and that's when I found myself back here."
I had been looking at my lap while I spoke to her, unable to make eye contact as I described her cock sucking. When I looked up I saw that she had released yet another button on her blouse so I could see much of her bra. I thought I saw her quickly pull her hand away from her chest. Had she been dipping her fingers into her bra cup and fondling herself? Her chest was still very flushed.
"Well that's quite an interesting story," she said, still not rebuttoning her blouse. "But I do need to get home and feed my cat."
She paused, thinking and starting to twist a lock of hair around her finger before I said, "No."
"Oh yes, of course." Another pause as she thought.
I was starting to pick up my papers that I had set on the table next to my chair when she spoke up, "Can I interest you in joining me for a drink. It's been a long day for both of us, and I promise I will keep my fingers of my hair. I do need to feed the cat so perhaps we can go up to my place in North Berkeley. It should be cool and lovely on the back deck now. October is the one month that gets a little warm in Berkeley, don't you think."
I looked at her for a moment and said, "I think that would be lovely. Having a drink after I just ended fifteen years of marriage to the wrong woman and having it with an attractive woman--an attractive woman I haven't seen since she gave me a tab of acid 20 years ago." I smiled. "I can't think of anything else I would rather do. As long as you keep your finger out your hair, that is."
She laughed and leaned forward to put her shoes on, showing me a good deal of attractive cleavage as she did so. Oh well, I thought. If she isn't going to worry about not having buttoned up her blouse, I'm not going to worry about the boner that is so poorly hidden beneath this pair of dockers I am wearing. I enjoyed my view of her cleavage, and noticed she looked carefully at the lump beneath my trousers.
We retrieved our cars from the parking structure below the office building and I followed her up to her home. It was on a street off of the upper end of Euclid Street in North Berkeley--a classic North Berkeley Craftsman built around the beginning of the twentieth century. It was surrounded by the tall Eucalyptus trees that are endemic to North Berkeley. Some call them an invasive species but I find them beautiful. She led me through the house to a shaded back porch. There was a large back yard that was terraced and ran up the hill to another big stand of Eucalyptus trees and a couple of second growth redwoods, maybe 60 feet tall. It was a very beautiful and very private back yard. If she had neighbors there was no clue of their presence from this yard.
"Gin and tonic?" she asked.
"Yes, and don't spare the gin. It's been a strange day."
"I'm sure it has," she agreed.
"I'll be a moment. I need to get out of these work clothes."
She returned a few minutes later bearing two large tumblers of gin and tonic. They were as promised, not light on the gin. Her clothing had changed as she predicted. Now she wore a pair of jeans and a blue tank top. Neither garment was new, the jeans showing points of wear, but not like the pre-worn versions the kids like to buy these days. The jeans were just a pair she had obviously owned for a long time. I've always liked women in jeans. Nothing shows off a woman's ass like a snug pair of jeans and these were certainly doing the job. It had broadened significantly since she gave me the acid tab down the hill from here at the Dead concert, but I remained convinced that she was the same person.
The tank top fit her loosely and did little to disguise the fact that she had abandoned the bra she had been wearing earlier. Like her ass, her tits were bigger and softer than they had been twenty years ago. But, what the hell I thought, my beer belly is a good deal bigger now also.
We sat on a sunny portion of a grayed redwood deck in opposing Adirondack chairs. She held up her tumbler and said, "Here's to five o'clock on Friday, to your divorce, and to all my patients staying happy and secure all weekend, I hope." We each took a long drink and sat back in our respective chairs.
"You may have noticed," she said. "I put my hair in a pony tail to try and inhibit my tell. I want to have a pleasant drink this afternoon, without you tripping off into your past."
"Thank you," I said. "This place is beautiful. How long have you owned it?"
"Since my father died ten years ago. I grew up in this house. When he passed my Mother didn't want to have anything to do with it. She is still living in a loft above her studio down on San Pablo. It's not a good neighborhood, but it's what she wants." She seemed to want to talk, which was fine with me.
"You know," she said, "My late husband and I used to come out here on warm days after work and sit and drink gin in the nude. He really didn't have much use for clothes, except of course when they were socially required, which is of course most of the time." She shook her head. "Oh Alvin, Alvin. I do so miss you."
"Alvin?"
"That was his name. Alvin Wannamaker. Rutherford was my father's name. Well, I think he was my father. My mother's always been a little vague about who my father actually was, but she was married to him when I was born.
"Alvin was a nice Jewish boy from New York who came out here to study psychiatry and couldn't leave. His mother never forgave him." She took a long pull on her drink and chuckled. "His mother always said he couldn't leave because he couldn't get by without schtuping me. He always said it was the weather." She smiled. "I think his mother was right. We used to schtup right here on this porch; and in that hot tub over there; and out there on the lawn; and in the back seat of the car on the driveway late at night," she said gesturing here and there with her drink. One night a cop came by and told us we had to quit. Who was watching us at two in the morning besides that pervy cop? We schtuped in the car the very next night just to get even, or something. She smiled and shook her head.
"Schtup. What a funny word for fuck. Alvin loved to fuck."
"How long has he been gone," I asked
"Three years."
Can I ask what happened. But if you don't want to talk about it don't answer."
"No, no. It's fine. After all, talking is what I tell my patients to do. Three years now. He was shot by the angered husband of a patient."
She shook her head. "He may have been schtuping his patient. Alvin was like that. Just couldn't keep that pecker in his pants. But I knew that going in. I mean when I married him. I knew there would always be others.
"What a waste. He was such a fine man, a sweet, loving, humorous man and my god did he love to schtup." She shook her head and took another long pull on her drink.
"And you weren't bothered by that, by his extra-curricular schtuping?"
"Me--the ex-groupie to half the 60's rock bands in the Bay Area? Just because I gave up the drugs and went to college and then med school, internship, psychiatric residency, post doc research, and on and on, doesn't mean I became celibate. I schtuped may way through every one of them. I met Alvin during my psychiatric residency at Stanford. Alvin and I married, but we had a very open relationship." She laughed. "I seem to like the word schtup, tonight. It's Yiddish, just like Alvin." Then she took a long pull on her gin and tonic, although I was beginning to wonder if she had any tonic in her drink.
"It's a good word," I said. "It wasn't used on the ranch in Salmon where I grew up, but it's a good word. You've had a very different life than me. I'm just a Mormon boy from a ranch in the middle of nowhere in Idaho."
"I've heard it's beautiful. Alvin used to go to a shrinks' conference in Sun Valley occasionally. He said it was beautiful. He liked to take one of his post-doc students with him. Mainly to schtup her, I think.
"Salmon's way different from Sun Valley. About the only thing they have in common is being in the mountains. Sun Valley is about wealth, lots of wealth, all earned or inherited elsewhere by people who come to Sun Valley to impress each other with their wealth. Salmon is about a few people trying to scratch a living out of raising cows or logging and usually barely getting by. But the mountains are beautiful in both places."
"So what were you doing in high school? I was in a young women's prison camp run by nuns."
"I was doing what any good high school kid does--trying to get laid, with very little success. I also was regularly getting up at 2:00 a.m. on a 10 degree night to go out to the calving barn and stick my arm up a cow's uterus and drag a calf out into the world."
"What?"
"We breed cattle for a lot of characteristics, but efficient birthing doesn't seem to be one of them. A lot of them need help."
"Then there is branding and castrating the young steers. And of course inoculating them with all manner of drugs you don't want to know about unless you plan to become a vegetarian, which I'm not by the way. Herding and roping cattle looks exotic on the rodeos you see on TV, but it's just work, usually hot and dirty, unless it's wet and dirty, or cold and dirty, or both."
"I see why you stayed in college. So you're a real cowboy."
"Not anymore. My brother runs the ranch now and he's welcome to it. I ride BART over to the City and work from my office on Sansome Street. Once in a while I have to fly somewhere, but mostly I send faxes, cables, telexes, and Fed Ex packages full of drawings to help people try to fix projects they have screwed up. Believe me it beats cowboying all to hell."
"Would you mind if I take my top off," she said. "Alvin and I loved to be naked out here." She was peeling it over her head before she finished asking.
"Go to it Mam."
"Mam?" she said as she tossed her tank top to the side. "Is that a cowboy word?"
I laughed. "You have lovely tits Mam. Different, but just as nice as they were in 1971." They were bigger and softer than in 1971 and they hung down farther on her chest. I really wanted to put my face between those tits as I sat and stared.
She leaned back in her chair soaking up the sun on her chest and smiling. "Yeah they were great tits in 1971. Guys loved them."
"So you admit it was you."
"I didn't say that."
"Well, let me help you," I said. "There is more about my second trip that I didn't tell you."
She scowled and stuck her tongue out at me. "I hate patients that leave out important details. What else happened?"
"I told you that you were sucking my cock after we got off the Golden Gate Bridge, right."
"Yes and you said I was a great cocksucker, but all the guys say that. You didn't answer my question about whether I made you cum."
"I know. You didn't."
"I didn't make you cum? What happened?" She sounded disappointed.
"Well just as we were about to peel off the Freeway on the first exit to Mill Valley, you told the driver to keep going to the Blithedale exit. Then you moved yourself around and sat down on my cock. You fucked me furiously all the way to a house back up in the hills. The driver had just pulled into a narrow little driveway when you came with a groan that squeezed the cum out of my cock."
"Yeah, it was a fucking mess wasn't it."
"So it was you wasn't it?"
"Yup. I wasn't holding back to be mean. I wanted you to get your buried memory out."
She smiled. "I schtuped you good didn't I. We did it several more times that night. I was impressed with your staying power."
"I don't remember anymore. My last little visit to my lost weekend ended as I felt your cunt squeezing the hell out of my cock just as I blasted off into you."
"Do you want to revisit the rest of the weekend?" She was reaching for a few stray strands of her hair that had escaped from her ponytail.
"I don't know. Will it be bad?"
"No. You know, Friday night we had more sex. Then on Saturday we did some Mescaline tea and more sex. You had some pretty strong hallucinations from the Mescaline. You were telling us about watching mountains walk from one side of the valley to the other, but it didn't frighten you. You screwed a couple of other girls that day while I watched. They loved you. We all agreed that you had a great dick. On Sunday we did some Peyote. You seemed to have a conversation with God and told him that the Mormon church was, well, not good in your view. You said he shrugged his shoulders. There was more sex,and by the time we headed home on Sunday night you were pretty much worn out. Do you want to see it?"
I thought for a moment and said, "Okay, why not." She did her little thing with her hair and I checked out for, I guess, half an hour. It was pretty much as she described. The sex was good. The walking mountains were really cool. It wasn't God I talked to. Just Brigham Young and you can't really expect him to agree with my objections to the church. There was no Monday. I was just sleeping off all those drugs.
When I came to, Karen was completely naked. There was a refreshed G&T setting on the table next to my chair. She asked, "Well, how was it?"
I took a sip of my refreshed drink and said, "Pretty much as you predicted. The sex was good. The hallucinations weren't too bad. I really liked the walking mountains. Some old Indian I knew growing up had told me about those. They were pretty cool to actually see. Brigham Young was boring, like most preachers. I won't say I don't believe in God, but I'm pretty sure Brigham Young and Joseph Smith never talked to him. And you're right, I was exhausted by the time you got me back to Berkeley."
"Alan," she said. "Let ask you a question." She was playing with her large tits while she talked. Her nipples had gotten huge while I was gone. "When was the last time you got laid Alan?"
"Well it's been awhile. Maybe three years and it wasn't very good before that. Sex was one of the problems with my marriage."
"Often is," she said. "Well Alan, it's been about the same for me, but as I recall from 20 years ago, you're a great fuck. I know this is kind of forward of me, but would you like to fuck me? Fuck me good and hard tonight?"
"I think that's an offer I can't refuse. Let's start with a bed. We can move to schtuping on the back porch later."
We went inside, and my cock was hard as a rock, sticking straight out when I pulled my clothes off. Karen walked up to me and stood in front of me stroking my prick. "Oh yes it's just as nice as I remember." She pulled me to the bed. "Let's start with you sucking on my tits."
We flopped down on the bed and I started kissing her. She was a really good kisser, soft lips, a tongue that did all kinds of obscene things to my mouth, my lips, my ears, my throat. I couldn't remember that we had ever kissed before. The whole time I was using my hands to explore her big soft jugs. Just marvelous. Even better than twenty years earlier and she had great tits then. Eventually I pushed her over on her back and begin sucking on those big engorged nipples. That made her groan just like she had twenty years ago. I was going to go down on her, but she stopped me.
"No, not now Alan. You can do that later. Just fuck me now. I need it. It's been a long time and I need it."
"Okay, but I have to warn you I may not last long. It's been a long time for me." I started in classic missionary style. My cock slid easily into her hot wet pussy. Oh god that felt good. It really had been three years since I had been laid.
Karen was enjoying it just as much as me. "Oh fuck Alan. That's so good. It's been so long, so fucking long and your cock feels so good filling me up like that."
I started pumping hard and I was right and so was she, neither of us lasted long. Within what seemed like a totally inadequate time both of us groaned as our bodies savored the most delicious orgasms. Our timing was perfect with perfectly matched orgasms, just as though we had been lovers for twenty years.
We lay there recovering our breath. "Wow," I said. "Was I as good as twenty years ago?"
She giggled. "Oh yeah, but then I had not been celibate for three years before that time. More like twenty four hours in those days."
She kept talking. For a woman who has to spend her working hours listening to people, she sure likes to talk, I thought. "You know what I like after sex?" she asked.
"No. I hope it's not a cigarette?"
"Oh god no," she laughed. "That's such a cliché. I don't even smoke dope any more, much less tobacco."
"Okay, so what do you like after sex?"
"Pizza. Before Alvin passed we used to have the North Side La Valls Pizza on speed dial. It's the one down at the foot of Euclid."
Yeah, I know it. They have good pizza." I was spooning her now with my hands cupping her big tits from behind.
"The kid that did their deliveries even got used to me answering the door in the nude. Let's have a Pizza while we recover. I have plans for you tonight cowboy, but we need to keep our strength up."
"Okay, but just pizza this time, no Acid, Mescaline, or Peyote, okay."
No, but I need to get to my phone and order the pizza so quit mauling my boobs for a minute while I get to the important part of tonight organized--the pizza."
She still had La Vals on speed dial and twenty minutes later the doorbell rang. Karen insisted on shocking the pizza dude by answering the door in the nude, but it turned out to be a young woman so that whole thing was kind of a bust. I had a good time teasing her about it. What if the pizza dudette, as we took to calling her, had been a lesbian, and how did Karen know she wasn't?
We worked on a bottle of red wine as we ate the pizza, in the nude of course. When we finished, I proposed we go back to bed. "But this time I get to decide how we're doing things," I said.
"Okay fair enough cowboy," she said. "If I recall from twenty years ago you were pretty proficient so what's your pleasure?"
"I told you before I want to eat you."
"Oh yum."
"I've loved eating pussy clear back to my BYU days, but my ex-wife didn't like it. Sex was one of our problems."
"So you said. You seem pretty good at sex, so I have surmise it was her problem."
"No, no. I'm not doing the fault game. Never mind that. Let's get back to schtuping."
We returned to the bedroom where she flopped on her back on the bed with her legs spread and said, "Do me cowboy."
"Yes Mam."
I dropped to my knees between her legs, but I didn't just launch into her. It had been a long time since I had had a woman this way and I wanted to savor it. I started by picking up a leg and making love to her foot with my tongue, her toes, her arch, the sides of her ankle, working up to her calf and the back of her knee, and then repeating the process on the other foot. From there I kissed my way up the inside of her thighs--one at a time stopping just short of her pussy and beginning back at the back of the knee on the other side.
While I played with her legs she was squirming and obviously enjoying herself. "Oh you're really good at this," she said. "Ummm. So nice."
Her pussy had fleshy lips, just the kind I like. She wasn't shaved but her blonde pussy hair was thin and didn't get in my way. I licked her lips and then fairly quickly moved to sucking each of her outer lips into my mouth, suckling on it like it was one of her nipples. She was squirming harder and groaning now. I moved forward, still kneeling. And pushed her thighs apart. She helped by grabbing her knees from behind and pulling them up and further back. I sat back on my haunches and reached forward with my fingers spreading her slippery wet pussy lips apart with one hand while I stroked the sensitive flesh behind them with the fingers of the other hand. Then I replaced that hand with my tongue and slid two fingers into her dripping wet cunt. I saw her reaching for her clit with a hand and I slapped it back. "Don't be in a hurry," I said.
She was groaning regularly now gripping a fistful of bedsheet in each hand. I wanted her to ride this for a long time so I carefully avoided her clit, but I gradually increased the speed and force of my finger fucking. I was surprised that I was able to hold her off for a good fifteen minutes. Finally she growled, "Oh you're such an evil fucker. Make me cum. This is torture."
I pushed my fingers hard against the front of her cunt and begin swirling my tongue around her clit like it was a nipple. Now she was crying and whimpering, pushing her hips into me and holding head in place. "Oh fuck yes. Fuck that's so good. Don't stop, don't stop, Oh fuck I'm so close. Yes. Yes. Yes." and then I sucked her clit into my mouth and lightly nipped it with my teeth. She went off like a sky rocket, screaming and flexing her hips to push her pussy into my face. Her hands were still holding my head in place and I accommodated her, sucking her clit through several waves of orgasm before she finally pushed me away.
I took a guess that she might be a woman that would want her pussy filled after an oral orgasm so I flipped her over and pulled her up to her knees like a dog in heat. My cock was rock hard by this time and I carefully forced it through the tight entrance to her cunt. Once I was in I began fucking her steadily, with a nice easy pace. It wasn't long before she was groaning and telling me to do it harder. Having already cum once that evening I was able to bring her to two more climaxes before I lost it and filled her cunt with my jism.
We collapsed to our sides and slept. I think we made love twice more that night and once in the shower the next morning. I wound up spending the whole weekend with her. It was a great way to get over finalizing my divorce and she said it was good for her too after three years of celibacy. "Alvin? Who the hell was Alvin?" she said right after I ate her to a screaming climax on Saturday afternoon.
That wasn't true of course. By the time the weekend was over it was clear to me that Alvin was the one man in Karen's life she wouldn't ever get over. But that was okay with me then and still is today, thirty years later. I'm 74 now and Karen is 71. For many years we had what I guess you would call a casual affair, but when we reached our early sixties Karen got tired of chasing around for sex, and I got tired of living alone, so we got married. I sold my house and moved in with her. We still schtup, regularly but not in all the positions we used to enjoy. 70 year old bodies won't do that very well.
It turns out my flashback wasn't nearly as bad as my mother warned me it would be.