Author's Note: Things are going to start developing more rapidly from here on out. Thanks for reading and your support. We will be nearing the mid-point of this book in the next few chapters, and there's going to be a lot of action coming at you!
* * *
It was a stunning fall day in New York City, and Jess and I had just finished a beautiful morning at MoMA. We walked into the adjacent restaurant, the Modern, to eat a late lunch at the Bar Room. We drank red wine as a buffer against the slight chill in the air outside. Fewer things gave me more energy than enjoying New York in perfect weather, and I wanted to enjoy that this afternoon.
"I'm done with museums today," I said. "Let's do a wine crawl. I want to show you my favorite spots and just get drunk."
"That sounds amazing," Jess said. She rested her chin on her hand and gazed at me. "Bonus points to you if you find somewhere to fuck me. I'm so wet that I can feel my pussy lips glide together every time I cross my legs."
I gave her a wicked smile. "Let's see how much cum I can have leaking out of you when we get back to the hotel," I said.
"You know, you've never fucked me in the ass in public," she said playfully.
"Don't tempt me," I said.
"You need to be tempted to put it in my slutty little asshole?" she said, using her seductive, sing-song voice.
I asked for the check, and we walked into the warmly crisp afternoon. We were handsy, both feeling the lust after our teasing at lunch. Fifteen minutes later, we stopped into one of my favorite restaurants, which had a superb wine list. We shared a couple glasses and teased each other some more, then we headed out for our next step.
Outside, Jess pulled me into a nearby doorway that was deeply recessed. She unbuttoned the top of her jeans and reached down the front.
"I love these bodysuits," she said, "but they are not very good for easy access. She undid the snap between her legs and said, "There." She pulled out her fingers, which were coated with pussy juice. She tasted herself and smiled at me. "So sweet," she added with a grin.
We headed toward Lower Manhattan, popping briefly into an art gallery in Chelsea. I had been there before and liked its large footprint, high ceilings, and interesting contemporary art. We weren't there for the art, though. We were there for the numerous nooks and crannies in the old building. After greeting the gallery receptionist, I guided Jess to the second floor. We found a secluded spot in a corner behind a large, bronze sculpture that looked like a Modigliani knock-off.
I pushed Jess down. "Pull your jeans down," I said.
"Are you sure this is safe?" she asked as she complied.
"What will they do if they bust us?" I said. "Ask us to leave. But they won't bust us."
I shoved myself into her cunt with a single, smooth stroke. This was going to be for me. I watched my thick cock slide in and out of her tight pussy, the lips lewdly spread apart by my girth. I drove deep inside her, feeling the warmth of her cervix at the bottom of each stroke.
"Make me a cum dumpster," Jess urged me. "You know I love when you use me."
I grabbed a fistful of her hair and pulled her back to me. We both knew it wouldn't take me long. I moderated the speed of my strokes, which always helped me cum faster as I savored the intensity of the wet, velvety cunt gripping me.
"Fuck, I'm going to cum," I said quietly.
"Baby, god, please fill me up," she said. "I want to be a mess when you're done with me."
I grunted and unleashed a titanic river of sperm into her waiting pussy.
"There you go, darling," I said, coming off my orgasmic high. "Fuck I needed that."
"Oh shit, that is so much cum," Jess said. She turned around and looked at me with an eager grin. "Baby, that's so fucking hot!"
We put ourselves back together, shared a lusty smile, and kissed.
"Let's have a drink," I said.
Next, we grabbed an Uber to one of my favorite wine bars. It was high-end and elegant, with interesting wines.
"It's a total mess between my legs," she said with a laugh.
"Do you need me to give you a tongue bath?" I said, my eyes fiery.
"You are such a filthy fucker," she said. "And you're feeling really dirty, aren't you?"
"You have no idea," I said. My cock was hard again.
"Let's move on," she suggested.
We did. Twilight was starting to soften the city's colors but not its energy. I directed us next to a trendy rooftop bar at a millennial-favorite hotel. It was crowded and buzzing. We squeezed to the bar, a process always made easier with a beautiful blonde leading the way, and grabbed a couple cocktails.
"I love this place!" Jess gushed. "It has great vibes."
We pushed our way into a corner of the roof, where we could watch the pretty, young Manhattan crowd. There was a tent covering much of the roof, but it didn't cover the corner where we stood and sipped our drinks. A large planter, overflowing with greenery and tall flowers, gave us a bit of privacy, as well.
I looked at Jess mischievously. "The vibes would be better if you had cum in your ass," I said.
She laughed. "You're serious, aren't you?" she said.
I nodded. "We have to be quick," I said, "and let's not draw attention to ourselves, okay?"
We moved so that I stood behind her, looking like any other couple just enjoying happy hour. I held her drink, and she shimmied her jeans down just enough to give me access to her ass.
"We are so getting busted," she said, but her voice was carefree. I had put down our drinks on a small table next to us.
She bent over just enough for me to access her asshole. Her entire pussy and ass were a mess of cum and pussy juice. I slipped inside effortlessly and was thankful for Jess being the biggest anal slut I had ever met in my life, her ass opening easily to my intrusion. My strokes were gradual. She straightened up and took her cocktail again. We might simply have been a couple grinding together to the music.
"This is so fucking hot," she said. "If you can last a couple minutes, I will definitely cum."
"Don't worry about my stamina," I said. "Just cum, my slut."
I pumped in and out of her ass to the thumping rhythm of the music that dominated the rooftop. We could see the Empire State Building to our left. It was a clear, pristine evening. I saw Jess put her free hand to her mouth. She was biting it, holding back her orgasmic screams. Her body shuddered against me.
"Shit, that was intense!" she said. She finished her cocktail in one swig.
My thrusts were at a sharp, upward angle. Normally, that would have blunted the tip of my cock and made it harder to get off. But the dynamic and bustling scene surrounding us and the tantalizing possibility of someone seeing us stoked my pleasure to unusual heights. It was like something out of a porn movie, rutting Jess anally in a crowded bar. I could feel the mixed juices of our previous coupling sticking to my thighs. It was all too much to take. I stayed quiet but shot two, three, then four ropes of cum up her asshole.
"Fuck me, babe," she said, quickly buttoning up her jeans. "You're a cum fountain today."
We smoothed over our clothes and looked at each other with goofy grins on our faces. We had gotten away with it.
"You know, it really takes a special kind of slut to take anal in a crowded bar," I said and laughed.
"My mom always told me I was special," she said and cracked up.
"Do you want another drink?" I asked.
"Yeah, but let's go somewhere else," she said. "I want Champagne."
"I know the best spot," I said, "and they have great pizza. So if we get hungry, we can eat."
"Perfect," she said and gave me a peck on the lips.
We crossed back to the east and found couch seating in the bar at Marta. We ordered Champagne, and the bottle drained way too quickly. We ordered another one.
"Babe," Jess said suddenly, "I just leaked a ton of cum out of my ass." She looked at me and licked her lips.
"It's a shame I can't use that as lube to fuck you in the ass again," I said matter-of-factly.
"Take me to the bathroom," she said without blinking.
We laughed. The Champagne flowed. It was the most perfect New York day I could remember. I was getting seriously tipsy, which I knew meant Jess had to be drunk. We cuddled on the couch, debating whether to have dinner, when she whispered something to me.
"I have a confession," she said.
"Oh? What's that, darling?" I asked.
"Jonathan reached out to me and said that some of the guys from the other night might like to see me again," she said, referring to her GHB-induced gangbang with her sugar daddy.
"Expanding your sugar daddy stable?" I said.
She paused. "Well, this would be more," she hesitated. "This would be more of an hourly arrangement."
I looked at her with a hint of surprise.
"And how do you feel about that?" I asked.
She narrowed her eyes and smirked at me. "I feel like it's a chance to be a real whore," she said.
"Is that what you want?" I asked.
"I'm thinking about it," she admitted with a sly grin.
"It sounds like you've made up your mind," I said.
"They'd pay $750 an hour," she said.
"That's really good money," I observed. It had been a while since I'd played the escort game. It was still a turn on, but I hadn't needed to.
"What if I told you that I really want to do it?" Jess said.
"You know what my answer is," I said. "You know I don't care if you do. You know I want every detail of every meeting. You know I think that you're a slut, so you might as well be a whore."
There was still a hint of anxiety between us discussing it, and I couldn't fully tell if her desire to do it was simply the wine talking. We both knew this was a slippery slope, but we were riding the wave of money, alcohol, and the beautiful way our relationship had developed over the past year-plus.
Jess looked at me with determination. Her lips shone after she licked them. Her cheeks were ruddy from the Champagne. "I'm going to do it," she said confidently. "You're going to have a whore for a girlfriend."
"And I'll still love you," I said.