This is a true story that happened while I was working for business. For those who have read of my other 'travel adventures', this is another occasion where nothing had been planned and I went with the flow. For this story about my time working as a masseuse at a spa, I recommend reading Chapters 1 and 2 first.
I was busy with my regular job the next day, which did not matter as I was not scheduled to come into the spa anyway. But the following day was also busy. I had hoped to leave early and come to the spa mid to late afternoon, but it was just not possible.
I knew that Bill and Stacy would understand. I would never have agreed to participate without their recognition that my regular job would take precedence. Nevertheless, I did feel a responsibility to come in when I said I would.
Because I was running late, I decided to not go back to the hotel and change first as I had planned. I arrived a little after 6 pm, maybe an hour after planned. I arrived decked out in full professional gear; a tan business suit with skirt and jacket. A light blue blouse, hair up, heels.
This had been my big presentation day. While I knew this in advance, I did not know it was going to go that long. The company had invited some of their top officials from across the country to get a status report and to steer further transition activities. Everything had gone very well, even great in my opinion.
The result of all this was that I walked into the spa looking great. Compared to my previous times at the spa, and with Bill and Stacy in general, I was tonight dressed rather unusual. Anyway, good or bad timing, Bill was at the desk checking in a couple.
Bill smiled, but because he was checking in clients, he avoided normal chit chat and said, "Hi Beth. Would you please interrupt Stacy in room four?"
I guessed that they had another conflict or another overbooking situation, but did not know the details.
I knocked and Stacy came out. Before she told me the story, she said, "Wow, you look great."
I smiled and thanked her, "What's up?"
She was understanding that I could not avoid being late, but they were double booked, expecting that I would be coming. I could either take over the female client that Stacy had just started, or work with Bill on a scheduled couple's massage.
Due to time constraints, Stacy had to be brief, "Originally I thought to ask you to take Pamela and I would do the couple massage with Bill. Or at least I would have offered you a preference. Now as I am already started with Pamela, would you be willing to do the couple massage?"
I started to say how sorry I was to be late, but Stacy cut me off, "Don't worry about that, you have been clear about that kind of thing. But we need to decide."
I said, "No problem, I can take the couples massage. Anything I need to know?"
She hugged me, "Nothing special. Bill will be there, and you can follow his lead if any questions."
Stacy went back into her room and I went back out to the front desk.
The couple was still there. Bill had avoided checking them in while Stacy and I figured out who would do what.
The couple looked to be about Bill and Stacy's age, maybe late 30s or early 40s. Attractive couple. While they were casually dressed, it looked expensive casual if that makes sense. I guessed the BMW in the parking lot was theirs, but I was not certain it did not belong to Pamela.
It ended up their names were Mike and Kathy.
Kathy said, "Bill was explaining you worked here. Sorry, we were surprised by your outfit and thought that you were a customer."
I said, "Very sorry that I am late today. My day job went long and there was no way to give them a heads up. But I understand you two are scheduled with a couple's massage with us. I deeply apologize that you have had to wait."
Fortunately, both were very understanding. Mike took the initiative to ask what I did.
They had expressions of surprise upon learning I am a scientist in town for business. I got the sense they might have wanted to inquire more, but I said, "How about we get you ready and you can ask more if you like while you get your massages?"
Bill seemed relieved when they agreed that was a good idea. Because they were getting ready in the locker room, I went into our private room to change.
As Bill was in his white shirt and shorts, I would have intended to wear similar, but those clothes were in the locker room. Though it was not my original intention, I decided to wear my business bra and panty, a matching light blue, and wear the red satin robe. I was concerned about getting oil on them, as they were somewhat expensive lingerie. The problems of being late!
Bill came in while I was getting ready, wanting to give me some context. Mike and Kathy had been in the spa before a couple of times with Stacy and Bill, and things had gotten friendly.
When I started to protest that I had offered to switch with Stacy, Bill cut me off and said, "Just wanted to let you know. Maybe it will be tamer since they do not know you and because of their reaction to you being a scientist, they might feel intimidated. All that is perfectly fine, nothing is expected. I did not want you to be surprised."
While Bill was giving me the context, I had gotten down to bra and panty. I could read his mind that he liked what he saw as I put on the short red robe.
I responded, though not quite as detailed, "Stacy already told me, saying I should follow your lead, but I was not obligated. Don't worry, will be fine."
He smiled and we joined them in the room. Bill had arranged one of our larger rooms to have the parallel massage tables, with an aisle in between. It was not spacious, but adequate.
Both Mike and Stacy had lifted off the table as we entered. To cut any possible tension, I said, "scientist gets promoted to masseuse."
As we started on them, me massaging Mike, Bill massaging Kathy, there was a bit more banter as they found my situation to be interesting. But very soon the massage and the oil and the environment took over. From time to time, Mike and Kathy would hold hands while we massaged their backs. They looked at each other and smiled.
Bill and I glanced at each other also. Now I recognized the wisdom of the cozy table placement. While I thought it might be a little crowded, I had not considered the benefits of letting the couple have proximity to each other and to be able to hold hands. Either Bill or I could be in the middle, but not both.
I also saw one secret to couple massage in following Bill's lead, meaning synchronized actions and timing. As Bill finished with Kathy's back and moved to her legs, I followed with similar towel etiquette and massage movement. Basically, we had a rhythm. Mike and Kathy would look at each other and see their partner getting the same treatment.
There were still some questions, all about what I did. They had some opinons on the social and political implications of my field, but all respectful and even a bit of awe. I guess it was strange to them that someone like me would be giving massages.
I game my reasons, "I like it. I enjoy getting massages myself. The surprise to me was that I found it relaxing to give massages and giving that same enjoyment to my clients."
I added, "Bill and Stacy have also created a comfortable environment for me. Without it, I probably would not be doing this. But I hope you are not too disappointed with my amateur quality."
Mike, who had been quiet mostly, responded, "You are doing a great job, I am very happy."
Mike and Kathy then held hands again while we did their legs and butts.
Bill gave me a smile on a couple of occasions. I was maybe reading too much into it, but my senses told me they were big payers and therefore important clients. He seemed to very happy things were going well.
At this point in the massage, we had removed towels completely as we got to the stage where we rubbed their buttocks and applied more oil.
I was watching Bill again, as the leader, noticing he was being careful to be professional but also giving Kathy a deep butt rub. I was doing the same for Mike, all going well as they smiled at each other and held hands again.
Some laughter when Bill said, "Hey, cut it out or get a room."
We finished up their backs and it was time for them to turn over. Bill and I both performed professional towel etiquette.as they moved to lay on their backs. It was difficult to avoid a glimpse, and I noticed Mike had a semi hard dick and Kathy looked to have erect nipples, none of which is unusual in a sensual massage.
Bill had originally recovered Kathy so that her chest was covered by the towel, but I had positioned the towel on Mike so that it covered his waist and below, leaving his chest exposed.
I started to massage Mike's chest while Bill folded and lowered Kathy's towel so that her chest was now exposed.
Mike looked up at me as I worked oil onto his chest. Fairly hairy, the massage created friction which ends up being a part of the sensation.
Mike looked over to Kathy at one point. Bill was now massaging Kathy's breasts, clearly having a big effect on her as her eyes closed, her breathing became deep, and she held hands tightly with Mike.
Mike again looked up at me with a smile, clearly enjoying her pleasure at this stage of the massage.
The first real surprise of the massage then occurred. While Kathy's right hand was tightly held with Mike, her left palm was flat on Bill's shirt, moving up and down his chest and stomach. Bill continued to massage her shoulders and stomach, but also maybe spending a majority amount of time on her breasts.
I continued to massage Mike's chest but sensed that following Bill's lead might not be reasonable any longer. I folded up the towel to expose Mike's legs.
Bill gave me a small smile and a nod as he saw me deviating from the synchronized massage.
As I was rubbing oil on Mike's leg, I felt his fingers touch my leg near my knee. He touched me but was not aggressive. He was still looking attentively at Kathy while Bill rubbed her, but then did look up at me. I think he was making sure that his touch on my leg had not been offensive. I liked that he did not presume, which in fact made it acceptable.
I smiled back at him, which he obviously recognized as me having no objection. He then began caressing me from knee to mid-thigh. I could have easily pulled his hand back, but the touch was nice, and I did not feel like this was an obligation.
Bill shifted Kathy's towel and began work on her legs. Meanwhile, Kathy's hand was now on Bill's outside hip from previously on his chest and stomach. What was also interesting was that although Kathy's hips were covered with the towel, her legs were spread open. I had not noticed previously, but Bill's hands might have been going high on her legs under the towel.
I was again concentrating on Mike, who was mostly looking at Kathy though he continued to caress my thigh, perhaps a little higher now.
Bill had by now removed Kathy's towel entirely, her hand on him now covering his crotch. Bill gave me a little smile as now Kathy seemed to be searching for his now prominent bulge.
During all of this, though covered by the towel, there was no hiding Mike's erection. I had no illusions this was due to the perfectness of my massage. While not bad by any standards, he enjoyed watching his wife.
I looked over to see Mike looking up at me with a smile while his hand was now on my butt. He was still not aggressive, looking for some sign I suppose.
Bill seemed to be watching as I untied my robe and slipped it off, tossing it onto a chair. Not only Bill, but Kathy had also paused too to notice what Mike and I were doing. I did not forget about Mike, who looked up at me with a wide grin while he caressed my ass.
Bill was beaming, but seemingly had more than one reason. Kathy had loosened her grip on Mike so that now she had both hands trying to remove Bills pants. She successfully unclasped and unzipped him. Bill removed his own shirt. Before long, he had dropped his pants and Kathy already had her hand on his hard cock.
In for a penny and not to be outdone, I lifted away Mike's towel to expose his hard-on. I could see where this was going, and not always wanting to be the follower, I leaned down to take Mike's cock in my mouth.
Kathy looked over with lust while Bill started to finger fuck her, then pulled him up on the table so she could also suck his cock.
I had demonstrated enough cock sucking skills already for Mike, taking him in deeply, licking and sucking his balls. At several occasions with his cock deep in my mouth, I made a point of looking into the eyes of first Mike, then Bill, then Kathy. Mike was enjoying his blowjob of course; I can do this well. But it seemed like Bill and Kathy were more taken by the image as they paused their own action for the moment to watch us.
I stood up to remove my bra and panty, joining the other three who were already fully nude. Mike had been rubbing my pussy through my sopping wet panty, but now that I was nude, it allowed him to slip a finger, then two inside me.
While I am sure that Bill was enjoying getting his cock sucked by Kathy, his look of lust while I was doing the same to Mike was a big turn-on.
Continuing to take the lead, I lifted and then climbed onto the massage table to mount Mike's cock. I slid down on him all at once, I was so wet. I was not fucking him yet, just sitting there with him as deep inside me as possible.
Mike reached up to squeeze my tits. Kathy's were of similar size to Stacy, so I am sure Mike liked the feel of larger, natural tits. I closed my eyes as his cock in my pussy felt wonderful and coupled with his squeezing of my tits just right, already brought me close to orgasm.
Mike and Kathy were again staring at each other and smiling, holding each other's hands, as Bill penetrated Kathy's pussy while she laid back on the table.
Not sure who was in the lead now, but the in and out thrusts across the table were very synchronized. I was fucking Mike while Bill was fucking Kathy.
We went at it this way, I had already cum, sweating now through the effort.
Mike and Kathy alternated between looking at each other and looking me and Bill.
Kathy broke the silence while were fucking suddenly announced, "I want my husband to fuck me."
We all looked at each other, everyone smiling, and shifted positions. Kathy remained laying on the table, but now I laid down to do the same. Mike quickly entered Kathy. Bill came over and wasted no time before sticking his fat cock in me. Even though he had fucked me a couple of days ago, his look of lust was incredible. He had my legs up high and spread wide, holding them with his arms while he thrust at me over and over.
Mike and Kathy were looking at us while we looked at them. Bill gave me my second orgasm and I could tell Kathy and Mike were also close.
Bill and Mike both came about the same time. But Bill went over to Kathy and came across her face while Mike did the same.
I guess this is probably what happens when you are the client. Hilarious. Not to be totally left out, I went over to Kathy and took a chance, kissing her hard. She responded in kind and then we shared the cum that covered her face. I then took both guys in my mouth to suck them dry, first Bill and then Mike. Nobody should feel too sorry for me.
I must say the smells, sounds and tastes permeated the room. I could not have felt more lust.
We shifted back to masseuse and customer mode as Bill went to get some warm washcloths to clean them off. I supported him although I was not an equal partner, still reveling in the glow.
We finally gave hugs all around and shuffled them off to the showers and sauna area while Bill did most of the work to clean up the room.
I felt a bit weak from the session and probably also from the need for food, so I sat down for a moment. I felt better and eventually got dressed enough to greet them farewell as they left.
It was a bit slow that night after this overlap of appointments. Stacy had already finished with her client. Bill must have given her a favorable report from the Mike and Kathy session, as she approached me with a big hug, whispering, "Thank you."
She then pulled back and smiled at me, "I hope you enjoyed it too?"
I replied, "It was incredible. Your husband also seemed to enjoy himself."
Stacy got the open and subtle messages.
We mutually agreed that we would close early that night.
But before we left, Stacy approached me privately about another client.