This story is complete fiction. All characters portrayed as engaged in sexual activity are at least 18 years of age or older.
The previous chapter concluded:
By the time the sun was going down and the Festival was drawing to a close Royce, Rags, Marlene and Phil were ready to fuck. They had been stimulating their partner all afternoon visually, by touching one another and holding each other close, by talking about what they wanted to do in the motel and by their public displays of affection.
Phil had made reservations for the room, so there was no difficulty getting in. Both couples were so hot that once they picked a bed each couple basically ignored the other couple, got naked, and fucked each other's brains out, getting the first orgasm out of the way. Then they took a more planned approach to the night.
The story continues:
All four put on micro bikinis and went down to the pool. It was Rags who said, "One of the guys at the front desk was cute and was obviously interested in us girls. I think Marlene and I ought to stop at the front desk, take off our cover-ups and ask the desk clerk whether it is okay for us to wear these tiny swimsuits in the pool."
"Sounds hot," said Phil, so that is what they did.
Except, when they got there, Royce, who had not been involved in the check-in process immediately recognized the clerk. "Jake," he said, "what are you doing here?"
"Working," Jake replied. "I need to work this job until I get a better one or I finish school."
Royce turned to the rest of the group and introduced Jake to them, telling them that he knew Jake from the University. Jake was a student there and was a member of a fraternity. Royce had been a member of a different chapter of this same fraternity when he was going to school. It was a fraternity made up of students going into various health care professions. Royce gave some support to the fraternity and was an unofficial mentor to a number of students including Jake.
After that introduction and explanation, Rags walked up to the counter, rested her giant boobs in front of Jake, looked him in the eye and said, "About using the pool: Is it acceptable for Marlene and I to wear these micro bikinis in the pool?" After asking the question she stepped back from the counter so that Jake could see her from head to toe, and slowly turned around so that Jake could take in the whole package. Marlene quickly caught on and turned around displaying herself to Jake as well.
Jake stammered a bit and said that if someone complained he might have to ask them to change into something a little less revealing, but for right now no one else was in the pool and they should make themselves at home.
Then Rags asked him what time he got off of work. When he replied that he worked until midnight, Rags said, "You know, all work and no play makes for a dull life." She gave him a wink and the group of four proceeded to the pool. They played in and around the pool, teasing one another with their scantily clad bodies. As they were messing around Royce asked Rags what the, "All work and no play . . . ," remark was all about.
Rags replied, "I was just thinking ahead. If you know him well enough that you think he's a decent guy and responsible, later on tonight when you want to make me air tight, we're going to need a third cock. He looked like it might be easy to talk him into it."
They didn't play around too long before going back to the room. Once they got back to the room, one couple would fuck while the other would sit on a two-seat couch and watch them as though they were watching a live porn show. Who would go first was decided by a coin toss. Rags and Royce went first. Their bed was well lit. The couch was moved into the shadows.
Royce and Rags began with fast dancing as they stripped naked (Rags kept on her heels, however). Then they slow danced, feeling one another up. From there they moved to the bed and fucked, oblivious to the other couple in the room. They fucked for a good hour, Rags coming repeatedly, and Royce coming once and then being brought back to life by Rags' oral skills to continue fucking her until he shot his second load in her pussy (his third cum of the night).
They all took a bit of a break and had a little liquid refreshment. They talked a little bit about Jake. Royce had worked with him a little bit and thought he was a straight shooter. He and Rags put on their bikinis and cover-ups and went down to the front desk to talk to him.
Rags began. "As you have probably guessed, we're here to have a little fun between consenting adults tonight. As consenting adults having fun, we are clean of any STD's. We were wondering whether you would care to join us in having fun when you get off of work.
"If you do, we will expect you to be clean or else to have and use protection. Figuring you are a fellow medical professional, I trust that I don't have to spell out for you what that means. We will trust you to have and use good judgment."
"If you choose to come up to the room, you'll find the door open. Just come in. Use the shower. You'll find a tiny men's swimsuit on the counter. Put it on. It could be that you will walk in while Phil and Marlene are fucking and Royce and I are sitting on the sofa watching them. There will be a chair by the sofa. Come and sit on the chair and enjoy the live sex show with us until it's over," said Rags. "Then we'll take a break and talk about how you three guys will go about making me air tight. When you're done with me, you may get to do Marlene as well. Does that make sense?"
"Perfect," answered Jake.
Rags and Royce returned to the room. They moved the sofa and chair so that it would now be in a darkened corner of the room and turned on the lights illuminating Phil and Marlene's bed. When they entered the room, Marlene was in the clothing she had worn to the Italian Festival. She turned some music on and now it became clear that she was going to do an exotic strip dance. When she was naked except for footwear, she did a lap dance for Royce, then one for Rags, and finally one for Phil.
At the end of the lap dance Phil picked her up. She wrapped her legs around his waist and he inserted his cock in her. He walked around with her like that gently bouncing her on his cock as they kissed one another. Eventually he put her down on the bed. They started making love. While Royce's time with Rags might have been considered as aggressive, masculine, hard driving fucking, what Phil and Marlene did was more tender and sensual but equally as hot in its own way.
For something like twenty years Phil and Rags had studied videos and books on sexual techniques. And Phil was a sensitive lover. So when Marlene was at the point where she was about ready to tire of one position or technique Phil would move them to something new.
Once Marlene achieved her first climax she continued to ride wave after wave. Phil had tremendous control and would bring himself almost to the point of climax and then just pull back a little so that he did not climax until Marlene was begging him to cum in her.
He filled her with his cum, and then relaxed with her until he came out. He moved down to her and started lapping at her pussy, making her all hot again. Then she cleaned off his cock, looked up into his eyes and said, "Fuck me up my shitter!"
She had prepared herself for this, and had so far fucked the night away with a butt plug in her ass to help keep her somewhat dilated for this. She got on her hands and knees and told Phil to pull the butt plug out. He did, then he lubed up her ass and lubed his cock and gently inserted himself into her. But this would not be so soft and tender. "Fuck me harder!" she demanded, and continued to do so until he was pounding her. Then she flipped over onto her back with her hips on the edge of the bed and had him stand on the floor with his cock in her ass and continue to fuck her. Finally he moved her up onto the bed, threw her legs back over to her shoulders and entered her ass from on top driving as deep as he could go. She convulsed in an intense squirting orgasm and he filled her with his next load of spunk.
Jake had entered the room about the time that Marlene had said, "Fuck me up my shitter!" He wasted little time taking his shower and putting on the swimsuit and saw about the last five minutes of the action between Phil and Marlene.
Phil and Marlene went to take a shower and Rags, Royce and Jake raided the refrigerator for drinks. Phil, Marlene, Royce and Rags had talked about what Rags had in mind about Jake joining them when they had had their last break. So they all knew what was coming.
Rags and Marlene would have a hot lesbian make-out session, getting them both hot and getting the men hot as well just by watching them. They would end the session getting Rags' ass lubed up. Royce would get on his back and lube up his cock. Rags would get on top of him reverse cowgirl and insert his cock up her ass. He would fuck her ass for a while. Marlene would get Jake ready to enter Rags' pussy by giving him a blow job. Then Jake would start fucking Rags' pussy. That way she had a big black strange cock in each of her married holes.
Finally, she would turn her head to one side and Phil would feed her his cock. He would be kneeling with his knees off to the sides, and then Marlene would stand by him so that her pussy was in his face and he would eat her out while Rags was being made air tight. It took a while for Jake and Royce to establish a workable rhythm, but once they did Rags got into it and climaxed on the two cocks. Jake exploded in her pussy. Royce thought that he would probably be drained, but the sensation of Rags' anal sphincter clamping down on his cock brought him to climax one more time.
Now it was just up to Marlene whether she wanted to try being air tight or not. She decided to go for it. Royce washed himself off especially well and the other guys washed carefully as well. She wanted Jake to be on his back. She mounted him cowgirl style, then leaned forward and let him fuck her. This was the first time he had felt massive tits against his bare chest and he almost came experiencing that sensation. Then she wanted Phil in her ass. Royce put a condom over his cock before he put it in her mouth, and Rags stood before him as he licked her pussy.
"Did you ever think you'd be such a dirty whore?" asked Rags.
The question startled Marlene and the mental image of her being such a dirty whore brought about a climax. Her cunt clamping down on Jake and her asshole clamping down on Phil caused them to cum and shortly thereafter everybody was done for the moment. The two couples would need to regroup before they engaged in any more sex for a while.
The two gals offered to accompany Jake in the shower, ". . . to thank him for being such a good sport." When they got done, both Phil and Royce took showers, too, and then went to bed with their partner for the evening. Before Jake left, Rags had gotten contact information from him. He was another very likely candidate to be a friend with benefits.
About 3 AM Phil and Marlene were awakened by Royce and Rags going at it. Just watching them for a few minutes got them excited and they started to fuck, too. When both partners were done, Royce suggested that they switch partners and fuck their partner with the other man's spunk in them. About 6 AM Rags woke up Phil and they decided that they'd like to go back to their lover. No sooner had they decided this than Royce woke up and when Rags told him what she wanted to do, Royce was all for it. Phil got out of the bed and let Royce get in so that he and Rags could fuck. Phil got in bed with Marlene and tried to be gentle, without waking her. But she grabbed him by the hand and said, "Come piss with me."
They walked into the shower, and once the temperature was adjusted, while the shower was splashing on them Marlene held her cunt lips apart, thrust her hips forward and started pissing on Phil's legs. Phil got the idea, but he did her one better. He waited until she was done, then put her hand on his cock and said, "You aim." She grabbed his cock and aimed at her pussy, then her tits. She turned around and aimed him at her ass. All the time she was giggling like a naughty school girl.
They washed up and went back to bed. Phil lubed his cock, figuring that Marlene's pussy had been well used and could use a little help to keep her comfortable. After they fucked they went to sleep and didn't wake up until about 9 AM. They fucked one more time. This time they set a timer. They fucked their lover for ten minutes. Then they changed partners and fucked for another ten minutes, then changed back to their lover and fucked until they were done. They cleaned up. The men wore dress shirts and ties and dress pants. The women wore skin tight mini dresses -- like you would see a porn actress wearing in a scene where she is a secretary at an office.
They went to a restaurant and had brunch. They tried to be very conspicuous as they entered: Phil with Marlene, Royce with Rags. After eating they were very conspicuous about leaving: Royce and Marlene, Phil and Rags.
Now at this point in their marriage, if the objective of Phil and Rags had been to cultivate a few people with whom they could have some adult fun and in so doing, spice up their marriage, they had those people. There were Glen and Mel, Jeff, Royce, and now, Jake with whom Rags would play. And in addition to Glen and Mel, Phil had Becks, Colleen, Lori and Marlene. Phil and Rags talked about it that Sunday and realized that they had to use these friendships or friendships with benefits carefully and not too frequently. Using a friend with benefits they likened to going to an amusement park. Every once in a while it was fun. But to the people who go there everyday it is just a job -- the excitement wears off. Even riding a roller coaster every day would become less exciting over time.
But they had plenty of people they could turn to to spice up their marriage and at the same time give pleasure to the person they were with. They were feeling comfortable and content in their relationship to one another and in the friends with benefits relationships they had cultivated.
And then came the phone call. It was about 5 in the afternoon. Rags had been up for almost an hour. "Hello? Rags? This is Pat -- Pat Williams."
R: "What a pleasant surprise. It's nice to hear from you. What can I do for you?"
P: "This is a little awkward; I don't know how to put it."
R: "You're talking to a friend. There's no need to feel uncomfortable. Just spill it."
P: "Well, we saw you on Saturday -- Matt and I -- we saw you on Saturday and you were with other people except it looked like you were more with them than you were with one another and it was shocking -- you know -- we had never seen you like that.
"And then there was the way you were dressed -- and the other girl, too. It sure looked like before the night was out you and that guy and Phil and that girl would -- you know -- be getting it on together?
"And the way Phil talked, that is exactly what was going to happen, but you had planned it that way as a way to spice up your marriage. I never thought -- we never thought - your marriage needed spicing up. But then to do it by having friends with benefits -- it just kind of blew us away."
R: "I'm sorry, I really am. But on the other hand Phil and I had to start pretty much on our own: independent and in some cases in defiance of what others thought about us. So we live life doing our own thing and letting the chips fall where they may. If you feel uncomfortable around us, we'll try our hardest to keep the few unconventional things we do out of your sight and out of your hearing so that you don't have to deal with what is essentially our problem. If that's not good enough, you'll have to tell me a little more specifically what is bothering you and we will do our best to work out something satisfactory for all of us."
P: "What you just said would be good enough if this were still Sunday. But it's Tuesday and Matt and I have gone far beyond that. As Matt and I talked about you two and what you were doing we realized that we never had spice in our marriage to begin with.
"You see, our marriage was one of convenience. Matt was totally engrossed in setting up and succeeding in his business. He needed a wife to assist in the social aspects of making his business successful. He did not want a family and did not really even want somebody to come home to.
"I, on the other hand, had experienced from an early age on, aggressive behavior of men toward me just because I was attractive. And that is putting it mildly. I should call it by its right name. It was criminally aggressive sexual behavior already when I was a minor. I told no one because those who abused me were mostly close family friends or even relatives and blamed me for being so well developed and beautiful for a girl my age that they just couldn't help themselves. It was all my fault.. I learned to protect myself by becoming an ice queen. I only let that guard down when I was called upon to be the hostess with the mostest. Then I was role playing and I kept myself safely in public view at all times. The rest of the time I was the ice queen -- with a few exceptions. Two of those most important exceptions were you and Phil.
"You seemed to have a comfort with your sexuality and with your sexual relationship with Phil that I wished I had with my husband. And Phil always treated me with respect. In fact the first time we danced it seemed as though he was afraid of me. He was one of the few men that I eventually came to wish that he would act a little more inappropriately with me -- just a little bit."
R: "I don't quite know what to say. You are saying that you have talked this over with Matt, too? What are his feelings?"
P: "He is very much on the same page as I am. He has always been envious of Phil and the apparently sexual relationship he has with you. We are at a point in our marriage where we would like to have a sexual relationship with one another, but seem to be stuck in the rather platonic relationship we have developed over the years. And stuck may even be an understatement. Matt admitted yesterday that there have been times when he wished he found me to be as sexually exciting as he finds you. After seeing you at the Festival he was more turned on than he has ever been in his life. These are his words: 'Rags was looking and acting like pure sex.'"
R: "I still don't know what to say. Phil and I were pretty content with one another for about our first fifteen years before it seemed as though our relationship was getting stale and we wanted to do something about it. I will admit that interacting with other consenting adults has helped to spice things up for us. What did you have in mind.?"
P: "We were hoping that the next time you have a free weekend you and Phil would spend it with Matt and me up at our cabin on the lake. Then, over the weekend, we hoped that you and Phil would be sexy for us and with us and kind of mentor us into a sexual relationship. I'm hoping that you will show me that a girl can be sexy and not afraid. I'm hoping that you will be sexy in front of Matt and teach me to be sexy in front of Matt for the express purpose of turning him on and making him horny. We're not saying that we have to become friends with benefits to do this, but if you think it would help we are ready to have you fuck Matt and will let Phil fuck me to give us a taste of what we have been missing all our years of marriage, and let us know that we are capable of having that enjoyment."
R: "Wow! This is heavy. I never would have expected it in a million years. I'll have to talk to Phil about this. The big difficulty for me is that I know my schedule for the rest of the summer and I have some Saturdays off and I have some Sundays off, but I do not have an entire weekend off all summer. I know Phil has some vacation days he can still take and I think a couple of personal days as well. Could Matt take off a Friday so we could make it a Friday and Saturday rather than a Saturday and Sunday? That would leave us two good days to go clubbing if we wanted to. Sundays are often a dud for going to a dance club."
P: "Matt owns the company. He's the boss. He should be able to take off whenever he wants. I'll talk to him. What weeks would that be where you have a Saturday off?"
R: "That would be this Saturday and every second Saturday after that."
P: "I can get it arranged not for this Saturday but for two Saturdays after this Saturday.
R:. "I'll get Phil to put in for getting that Friday off.
P: "Thank you for doing this for us. When Matt and I married, we married for convenience. Now we'd like more than that, but have been unable on our own to break down the barriers we once put up to make the marriage of convenience work. We'll appreciate your help. If it doesn't work, we won't blame you. But if it does work, we will forever be in your debt. We'll be in touch. Bye."
Rags talked with Phil about it at supper that night. Obviously Pat and maybe Mr. Williams as well had some expectations for Rags and Phil, but neither Rags nor Phil had a clear understanding of exactly what Pat had in mind.
As Rags thought more about it an idea crossed her mind that she thought she would run by Becks. She left a message on Becks' phone asking her to call her on her cell phone when Becks got off of work. It was the middle of the night. Becks had just gotten off of work. Rags was on duty at the hospital, but was not busy when the call came through. She ran her idea past Becks and Becks agreed with her completely. She therefore asked Becks if she would be able to go clothes shopping with Rags and a friend on Thursday afternoon. When Becks said she could Rags left Pat a message to call her about going shopping on Thursday.
Wednesday morning Pat called early, before Rags had gone to bed. Rags explained that she thought it might be a good idea to go shopping for a few articles of clothing for the weekend and was hoping that they could go shopping on Thursday afternoon. Pat said that Thursday would work for her. Rags went on to say that another girl would be joining them.
They met at Rags' house on Thursday. It was warm outside. Pat arrived wearing a pair of walking shorts, a white blouse, and athletic shoes, the likes of which she would wear to the country club and fit right in with the social elite. Becks was there already.
After making introductions, Rags said, "This is a little awkward, so please don't get upset with me if I am not as delicate as I should be as I introduce this topic. So I'll just jump in and ask you, Pat, when you dressed to come here today, who was your target audience?"
"I'm not sure what you mean." replied Pat.
Becks picked up on it right away. "What type of people do you think really like the way you are dressed," she asked.
"The people at the country club and the other social events I attend, I suppose. I walk in and someone will usually say something like, 'You're looking really nice today.'"
"All the people?" asked Becks.
At first she didn't get it, but then she replied, "Well, the women, some of the women will compliment me."
"And you like that." stated Rags.
"Yes, of course," replied Pat.
"So next time you dress, their comments have conditioned you to want to dress nicely for them again," said Becks.
"I get it," said Pat. "You're suggesting that I dress primarily to gain the approval of the women in my social circles. But if I want Matt to like what I'm wearing -- I mean really like what I'm wearing - my criteria for what looks attractive should not necessarily be what the women at the country club like. You're suggesting that if Matt liked the way you were dressed at the Italian Festival, that maybe that is the way I should start dressing for him."
"Now you and I are on the same page," said Rags. "So I thought that today we would start with a new look that Matt will like, and that Becks and I would be your support group as you try on your new image. Hence I have been so bold as to furnish us with a man approved wardrobe in which we will go shopping. We will enter the world as Three Hot Babes," said Rags.
"This should be good," added Becks who knew that Rags had a real knack for putting together slutty looking ensembles. She knew that even she would be challenged.
Both Rags and Becks spent some time in the sun in the afternoons getting a tan. Pat was also fashionably tanned. So Rags had gone to a sporting goods store and had purchased three pair of white competition beach volleyball bikini bottoms and had taken out the lining. She had also got a package of boy's "wife beater" undershirts.
They went into Rags' living room and Rags had them all get naked. Then she gave them each their pair of booty revealing volleyball shorts. For this occasion she figured that they each could fit into a size medium, so she had purchased a size small. With the lining cut out each girl's camel toe was quite pronounced.
Then she got out the boys undershirts. "Struggle into these, roll them up under your tits and then tie a knot in the middle. And don't complain that the shirts are too small. If I can get my tits into the shirt, so can you." At this point, Rags was the only one who had had breast augmentations done. Once the girls had the shirts on and the knots tied, Rags took a scissors and cut the shirts from the middle of the neck line down to the knot, leaving a nice V that exposed some cleavage. The white outfits stood out over their tanned torsos. Their areolas and nipples were clearly visible through their shirts.
"And now," said Rags, "for the footwear. I called Matt to get your size, and I already know Becks' size because we've borrowed each others clothing from time to time." She got out a bag from an adult store and gave each girl a box with a pair of white thigh high boots with a two inch platform in front and a six inch heel in back.
Once each girl had her boots on they went to the bedroom and using the mirrors at the dressing table and the bathroom, brushed out their hair and touched up their makeup. Pat was wearing some earrings. Both Rags and Becks had on long dangling earrings and both had navel piercings so had jewelry danging from their navels as well.
Rags asked Becks, "Is Jeff home?"
"As a matter of fact, he is," she said.
"Would you have him come over here and take a picture of us before we go?" asked Rags.
"Sure," said Becks and gave him a call. Jeff came over to Rags' car. The three girls stood together. Rags had Pat give her phone to Jeff. The three girls stood together and Jeff took three pictures of the group, at the urging of Rags: a front view, a side view, and a view from the back with the girls looking over their shoulders at the camera.
After Jeff handed the phone back to Pat, Rags said, "Now send them to Matt with the caption, 'Going shopping.'" said Rags. And she did.
As they got into her car Rags explained, "Becks is a Hooters girl and knows a thing or two about what turns guys on. She is also considered to be a sex worker, and as such talks with a number of girls and knows where the shops are that sell provocative clothing. Watch out, world. Here we come!" said Rags as they drove to the first store.
The first store that they went to was a Sporting Goods store -- the same one from which Rags had purchased the booty shorts. They got out of the car. "Make sure those shorts are pulled up tight," she said and they headed into the store. Rags knew what she wanted and where it was located in the store, but she wandered around looking at things. A girl came to ask them if she could help them and Rags answered, "We're just browsing for now. Thank you."
Then, what she was looking for came into view: a cute young guy working in the totally wrong section of the store. Rags moved the three girls over to him and then she approached him. "Could you help us, please?" she asked as he was busy taking packages of golf balls out of a box and putting them on a shelf. The guy turned around to see three stunning girls all looking at him as if they were desperately in need of help and he was the only one in the world who could help them.
"We were hoping you could show us where we can find shorts like these in this store." Rags stood back and turned around so he could see the shorts. When she faced him again she gave the front of her shorts a little tug and patted her camel toe. "They really fit well, don'cha think?" she asked. With that, Becks turned around and did the tug and pat as well. Pat was mortified, but got the idea and did the turn around, tug and pat tool, but got quite red in the face as she did it.
The young man was very embarrassed himself just being in the presence of all that female beauty and blatant sex, not to mention that now he was raising a tent pole in his shorts. He pointed over to a section of the store and tried to direct them to where the shorts could be found. Rags looked into his eyes, touched his arm and said, "We would really appreciate it if you could show us exactly where."
Becks was with the program and as soon as she saw that he was going to take them there, she stepped in front of the group and headed in the direction indicated by the stock boy. As she walked in front of him she moved her hips in a manner worthy of a Hooters girl. Even if she would have gone in the wrong direction, he would have followed her anywhere.
They found the shorts and Pat was going to get a red pair, a pink pair and a baby blue pair. She got them in a size medium. By this time she was into playing the game. The young man was about to leave when Rags said, "Stick around. We may need a little more help."
Pat said to the other girls, "It looks like I will have to cut the lining out of these shorts, though, if I want my camel toe to show." Then she touched the arm of the stock boy who was wearing his name tag -- Bob. "You do like the look of my camel toe, don't you, Bob?" she asked, getting all red in the face again.
"Y-y-yes, it's very pretty," he stammered.
Without missing a beat, Rags asked, "Now where will be find tube tops? You do sell tube tops, don't you? - You know stretch bands of cloth that are six or so inches wide that we pull over our heads and cover up our tits? Do you sell those?"
He was a stock boy after all. He knew where just about everything was. This time both Rags and Becks walked in front of him swinging their hips in time to the music that was playing over the store's sound system. Pat, now fully in on the program held on to his arm and put her face very close to his ear before she said, "You're a dear. You have been so helpful." Then she gave him a peck on the cheek. They wanted the tube tops to match Pat's shorts, so picked out one in red, one in pink and one in baby blue.
"Do you know that these tube tops can also work as a micro miniskirt?" asked Rags of anyone and everyone and no one in particular. "If you wear one as a skirt, you really should wear panties with it or you're flashing your pussy all night. But I kind of like going without panties. You don't mind seeing a girl's pussy every now and then, do you, Bob?"
Without waiting for an answer she went on, "But if I buy this miniskirt I want a top to match, and there I have a decision to make. With my big tits I need to get an extra large to cover all of my boobs. But my husband likes it better if I just get a size medium. Then I show some cleavage on the top and some underboob on the bottom and my pokey nipples are prominent.
What do you think Bob? Would you prefer that I cover my tits up or that I show them off a little bit?"
By now the young man realized that he was being caught up in a game and tried to play along. "Tits as fine as those deserve to be seen," he said.
At that Rags undid the knot under her tits and lifted up her shirt, fully exposing her tits. "Good answer," she said as she reached for his hands and placed one on each tit. In a matter of seconds she stepped back and retied the knot. The girls had what they had come for. Becks gave Bob a kiss on one cheek, Pat on the other, and Rags kissed him on the lips. "You've been a good sport and very helpful. Thank you," she said and after Pat picked up a couple of tube tops, the girls went to the cash register to check out.
The girl at the cash register felt a little uncomfortable in front of the three slutty girls. As she was trained to do, she asked, "Did you find everything okay?"
"Yes we did, thanks to that guy Bob back there. He showed us right where we needed to go. He's a keeper," said Becks. Actually, while Becks was used to dressing provocatively in front of men and was used to men trying to hit on her, this very shy reaction of Bob sort of intrigued her. While the other two girls were checking out Becks went back to find Bob.
"What do you do when you're not stocking shelves?" she asked.
"I help unload the truck and I man a fourth cash register if things get really busy," he answered.
"No. I mean when you're not working here, what do you do?"
"I'm going to school -- bio-med at the University -- fourth year."
"Can I give you my phone number?" she asked.
He handed her his phone and she punched it into its memory as she told him, "My name is Becks. I work nights and I also go to school, but would be glad to take a call from you during the day any time I'm not in class. I'd really appreciate it if you'd give me a call right now so that I have and can save your number."
"I can do that," he said and called her. She saved the number.
"Would you mind if I called you?" she asked.
"No. I wouldn't mind at all. I have a hectic schedule between classes and work, but if you call me and only get the answering service, leave a message saying when would be a good time to call you back. Then I'll try to get back to you when you are free to talk," he said.
"I'm in the same boat. I work at night and go to school during the day, but if you catch me between classes I'd love to talk to you. But right now I've got to go or I'll miss my ride," she said, and this time gave him a short kiss on the lips before going out of the store. Rags and Pat figured out what was happening and gave Becks no grief.
Bob was so shy because up to this point he had no social life. If nothing came of exchanging telephone numbers, just the time spent with the three girls and Rags' tits would be etched on his memory forever.
Pat was learning some things about female sexuality. She maybe did not have to always feel weak, vulnerable and afraid. An attractive, sexy woman could be powerful and even intimidating. This was something new. Maybe there was an alternative to being an ice queen.
From the sporting goods store they went to the mall to the lingerie store. Rags wanted Pat to get sexy underwear the likes of which she did not yet own. She bought push-up bras and shelf bras in dark red or navy blue with black lace -- then matching garter belts and thong panties. She bought a basque and a waist cinch. Then she bought stockings -- both the kind to wear with garters and the ones that stayed up by themselves.
Rags bought them all matching half-cup bras, high waist thong panties and crotch high stay-up stockings for another set of pictures when they got home. Jeff would like taking them. Matt would like receiving them. And if Becks wanted to send a picture or three to Bob, no one would object.
Now they were ready to use Rags' and Becks' expertise. They went to a store that specialized in jeans. They wanted skinny stretch jeans that fitted snugly and in three different cuts: lowest rise, mid-rise, and jeans that cinched the waist. It took quite a lot of trial and error before finding jeans with the right cut to fit Pat's body and then in the three different styles.
Rags talked to Pat about whether she had an old pair of jeans that fit snug around the hips. "An old pair of bell bottoms that I just haven't taken the time to throw out," said Pat. "Good," said Rags. "We'll take a pair of scissors to them and make them into a pair of Daisy Dukes."
Then, at Becks' suggestion they went to a store that specialized in dance and exercise wear. There Pat bought several pair of yoga pants in different colors and different rises. Even yoga pants are cut slightly differently by the different manufacturers. They had Pat try on different brands and chose the brand where the back seam went into the crack between her cheeks and the front seem pulled into her camel toe. They also bought one pair in light blue that was very thin and very sheer.
Then Becks directed them to a store that catered to sex workers. Working at Hooters, the owners of the store deemed her and the other girls at Hooters sex workers and regularly posted fliers for their business, advertising their weekly or monthly specials. There they would be able to get low cut tops, tops with a very deep V neckline, fitted tops and tight sweaters, Tee shirts and tank tops. Every sweater fit snugly and showed off a narrow waist and accented her tits. They would find crop tops and stretch tank tops, a corset, tight stretch micro miniskirts, pleated micro miniskirts, tight stretch miniskirts, mini dresses and club wear that offered minimal coverage, generous cutouts and that clung to every curve.
As Pat tried on the different articles of clothing she got more and more excited about how hot she could look and convinced herself that she was going to wear her country club attire much less and wear miniskirts, mini dresses, revealing tops, yoga pants and tight jeans a whole lot more. While Pat did have a wide variety of high heeled shoes, she bought a couple pair of platform stripper shoes.
Rags bought herself a couple of tops and bought a micro miniskirt and top that Becks was eyeing for Becks. As they stepped up to the cash register the girl working there asked, "Are you all keeping busy?"
It took a minute for the question to sink in and then Becks answered, "I work at Hooters, Rags there (the one with the chest) is a nurse, and Pat isn't working at the preset time."
"Well, if you're wanting to make a little extra money -- take a look over there at our bulletin board. There are quite a few people looking for entertainers and escorts. You honey," looking directly at Rags, "might be interested in the weekend job that's posted -- be an escort from Saturday morning until Monday morning. I happen to know that the guy who is wanting the escort is a tit man. He's a race car driver, recently divorced. You could go just as you are now and be dressed for hanging around with him at the pits. But then on Sunday night there is a big dinner and dance where you could wear a dress just like your friend is ready to buy. You'd have to call the agency that's listed there on the board, but it's my guess that even after she takes out her cut you'd come home with five figures. Take down the number that's listed on the board and think about it. When you call the agency just tell them that you saw the ad here."
To humor her Rags took the number down. Once they all got in the car Becks said, "Wow! Five figures! I have to work months to get that. But I suppose if a person is staying over night she would be expected to - - - entertain him in bed?" she half asked and half declared.
"Yeah, don't be enticed by the money -- or the glamour. Sex work is hard work," said Rags. "I see the other side of it every once in a while in the ER. A girl may have had several great experiences with men who treated her well and showed her a good time and really knew how to fuck. And then comes the night with the guy that the agency didn't check on carefully enough, or the guy who was usually very nice except when he drank too much, or the night something gets slipped into the girl's drink and she gets brought into the ER with her brain pickled and her body raped. No longer is it pretty. I don't judge or condemn the girls who choose to do the work, but I do know that many of them wind up having at least one very bad experience. In my book it wouldn't be worth it. Hooters I can see. Dancing in a good night club with good security I can see doing. But the escort business is too similar to Russian Roulette for me."
Just then on their way home they passed a factory that was just in the midst of shift change. A block away was a large tittie bar and workers were stopping off there for a drink before going home. "Want to turn a few heads?" asked Rags. "I've been here before and the place has good security. I'd like to watch a few dancers just to get some fresh ideas for what I can do for Phil -- or maybe Matt."
Becks was all for it. She had not been to a tittie bar yet. Pat wasn't so sure but was outvoted. They parked in a far corner of the parking lot. It was still a safe place to park. When they got out of the car Rags handed each of them a cigarette and held out a lighter to them so they could light up. "It's a filthy habit," said Rags, "but seeing a girl smoking is still very sexy. You don't have to inhale. Just dangle it from your lips or hold it between your fingers. I've been known to hold it down by my pussy as thought it's a tiny little cock sticking out. It'll get the guys' attention."
They took their time crossing the parking lot . Car after car slowed way down so that the driver could get a better look at the three smoking hot girls. Guys walking in front of them in the parking lot slowed down to get a good look and guys behind them sped up to see if what they thought they were seeing was for real. When the girls got to the entrance, they extinguished the cigarettes and entered the building. Even though Rags did not drink much at all, the three went in and sat down at the bar and ordered a beer. Rags' was non-alcoholic -- she was driving. While there were a number of topless dancers working the place the three girls got more than their fair share of attention. When they got their drinks they moved to a high table positioned so that they had a good view of the dancers and each sat on a stool. No matter where a guy was in the place, when he looked at that table he could see the front, the back and the side of a beautiful sexy woman.
Guys were coming up to flirt with them usually offering to buy them drinks.. Pat was feeling uncomfortable. Rags took charge of the situation, refusing the proffered drinks because , " . . . we have to go home soon to make supper." Most other offers Rags declined simply by explaining that they were there to watch the dancers and learn a few moves that they could use with their significant others.
The guys had just arrived after work and were not yet loaded up on liquid courage, so took Rags' polite rejection without making a fuss. Rags was trying to show Pat that a woman did have the power to say, "No," and make it stick without suffering any bad consequences.
When they were done with their beers they left for home. When they got to Rags' house they loaded all of Pat's purchases into Pat's car except for the matching bra, panties and stockings that Rags had bought for each of them. Becks went home to get her brother to take a picture of them in their matching lingerie but he had already left for school. Then Becks thought of Bob.
She dialed his number and when he answered said, "This is Becks -- you helped me and two other people at the store this afternoon. Remember me?"
"Remember you? Those minutes in the store are unforgettable. They are indelibly etched on my memory. To what do I owe the pleasure of this call?" Bob asked.
"Do you have a few minutes that you could pop over here and take a few pictures for us?" she asked.
"I do have a few minutes. I was going to pick up something to eat at a fast food place and then I have to be at class in about an hour. I'll have to know where 'here' is to know whether I have time to do it," said Bob.
Becks gave him the address and told him it was only about ten minutes away from his work and about a half hour from the University. She'd have a ham sandwich, some chips and a can of cola waiting for him if he could make it over. He said he would do it.
While they were waiting for Bob the girls changed into their lingerie and then Rags showed Pat some internet catalogs from which she could order micro swimwear for herself and Matt.
Ten minutes after Becks had called him Bob was at Rags' house. The girls had on the black shelf bras, the high waisted thong panties, crotch high stay up stockings, and now each girl was wearing a pair of stripper shoes. They ushered Bob into the back yard where he took pictures of them on Pat's phone to send to Matt. "If you want to, you can take pictures of us on your own phone for your own enjoyment," said Becks. "Just don't spread them around or you'll never get to take any more." Bob gladly took the pictures. Then Becks gave him his sandwich, chips, cola and a lingering kiss on the lips and he was on his way.
"I'll call you after class," he said as he got in his car.
"I'll be waiting," she replied.
Pat left with her supply of new clothing leaving Rags and Becks at the house. "I've been meaning to ask you," said Becks, "what is the name of the surgeon that did your tits? When I was 18 I saw my pediatrician for the last time. I told him that I was thinking about getting breast implants. He told me that he thought that I had completed my final growth period. He told me to measure myself for two years, yet, and if I do not show any further sign of growth, then I can consider breast augmentations if I want them. Well, I was the one who brought it up in the first place, so yes, I want them, and he's right, my time of natural growth and development has stopped. I also talked with my primary care physician who agreed that I am at a time in my growth and development that I can get implants if that is what I truly want.
"I asked him for the name of a surgeon but I thought I'd ask you because your surgery seems to have been successful." Rags gave her the name of her surgeon, "Excellent," said Becks, "that's the same name my primary care physician gave me. Now all I have to do is save up my pennies. I figure I'm really making an investment in myself. Once I get my tits done, I think, from what other girls have said, that I will probably recover my investment in a year to a year and a half, just in increased tips."
"Sounds good to me," said Rags. "I've never regretted getting my augmentations. How big do you think you want to go?"
"I haven't talked to the surgeon, yet, but have received some information from his office and have studied up on the internet and I am thinking about 1000 cc's," said Becks.
"So you're not going to be subtle, then," said Rags.
"No, this is going to be an, 'in your face,' boob job," she said.
"When you used the word, 'investment,' that brought something to mind," said Rags. "Phil is the one in charge of making investments around here, but he has done rather well. If you talk to him about your investment, he might loan you the money at a very reasonable rate and you could get the job done right away and start cashing in in a matter of weeks rather than waiting a year or so to save up your pennies."
"Really? That sounds fantastic," said Becks. "I'll do that." A couple of days later she talked to Phil. He gave her the loan at no interest because she was a special friend and he did not want to do anything to take advantage of her.
When Becks went to get the surgery, Rags went with her and the next few days had Becks stay at Rags' house so that she could take care of her/ And when Rags went to work, she told Phil what to do so that Becks had round the clock care for the first few days. Even though Becks was not feeling all that well on the first days when her breasts were all wrapped up, she wore a tee shirt on top and a pair of thong panties on her bottom just for Phil's enjoyment.
It was on the Friday right after the three girls went shopping that Rags called Pat. "I've been giving you more thought. The other day I was thinking that if you want to increase your sexual enjoyment with your husband, you needed to enjoy dressing for him instead of dressing primarily for the women in your social circles. So we went shopping and by the time we were done flirting with Bob you seemed to begin to enjoy looking sexy and hot.
"But as I've given it more thought, if you and Matt want a more satisfying sexual relationship with one another, you need to really enjoy sex. Some women don't, you know. Some men don't enjoy sex that much either. So you need to ask yourself the question, 'Do I really enjoy sex?' and Matt needs to ask himself the same question."
"I hated what relatives did to me when I was a little girl and I've fought it ever since," said Pat. "So using that as a gauge of how much I like sex, I would have to say that I must not like it at all. But I do have this nagging feeling that I would like to like it. So how do I know?"
"Do you masturbate?" asked Rags.
"No! I got my hands slapped really hard my my mother when I was a young girl. She told me that touching myself down there was dirty. I've seldom touched myself since, and the few times I have, I've felt guilty and dirty," said Pat.
"Well," said Rags, "I think it would probably do you some good to get rid of that unnecessary guilt so that you can give masturbation a try. Generally speaking, if a girl can't get herself off, no other person is going to be successful at getting her off, either. Tell you what I'll do. Phil and I have bought books and videos on sex techniques over the years and used them to keep our relationship alive. I'll pick out a few for you, and you can come over tomorrow and pick them up. They will give you another perspective on masturbation that your mother did not give you. You may discover a new freedom -- the freedom to pleasure yourself."
"Can I come over right now?" asked Pat. "I feel like too much of my life has slipped by me. I don't want to wait another day."
"Sure, come on over," said Rags. "You just may have to wait around a little bit while I search for the books and videos I want to loan you. Some of them we have not looked at in quite some time."
"Fair 'nuff," said Pat. She came over and Rags had found enough books and videos to keep her occupied for a week. She handed them to Pat and they wasted little time in small talk. Pat wanted to devour the material without letting another moment go by and Rags needed to get some sleep.
Sunday evening Rags gave Pat a call. "I'm going over to a friend's house tomorrow afternoon for a little female bonding.. She's got a pool with a privacy fence. We'd love to have you join us. You can wear one of your new swimsuits with a cover-up. I'll pick you up at 2:45."
"That sounds like fun," said Pat. Little did she know.
Monday Rags picked her up as promised. Mel was waiting for them. So was Lori. They were both in micro swimwear. After introductions they went out back to the pool. Little Will was with Grandma and Grandpa Pashburn.
"Time for suntan oil," said Mel as she stripped off her suit. Lori and Rags did the same and Rags explained to Pat that suntan oil was not really good for the fabric of most swimwear, so with the privacy fence around the pool they usually spent the time catching rays in the buff.
Pat was hesitant, but took off her suit. "Let's take care of the guest of honor," said Mel. And with that Mel, Lori and Rags put oil on Pat and started rubbing the oil in, paying special attention to her tits, her ass, especially her crack, and her pussy. By the time they were done Pat had cum several times on the hand of the woman who was working her pussy. Her body was trembling with excitement.
"I don't think you have to worry that you don't like sex," Rags whispered in her ear as she was playing with Pat's well lubricated asshole.
"Now it's your time to get to know us better," said Lori. She handed Pat the bottle of tanning oil. Pat started oiling Lori up, paying special attention to her tits, ass and pussy. Then, when Pat was done, Lori pulled her in close so that they were belly to belly, tits to tits and Lori kissed her. Pat kissed back. Their right hands moved to each other's pussy and their kiss became an open mouthed, tongue dueling, passionate kiss. They both came.
Then it was Mel's turn to be oiled up by Pat. Finally, It was Rags' turn. After they were all oiled they moved to blankets that had been placed on the grass, and lay down to catch some rays.
As they lay there Rags started telling Mel and Lori about their recent shopping trip. Mel piped up, "I wish you would have called me. I would have loved to go along. I love dressing slutty and then teasing cute guys. We haven't done that for a while." They talked more about the shopping trip. At one point they rolled over to tan their back sides. Then Lori started getting frisky. She still was not getting enough cock, but at these female bonding times she made sure that she got and gave her fair share of pussy.
In particular, she went after Pat. She moved right next to Pat, rolled on her side facing Pat, started stroking her, and whispered to her, "You're beautiful -- and you know how to kiss. Turn over." When Pat turned over Lori moved over her, her knees on both sides of Pat's hips, and she leaned over and started kissing her. Their kisses gained in intensity and one of Lori's hands moved down to Pat's pussy. When Pat was humping Lori's hand, Lori broke off the kiss and moved her head between Pat's legs. When Lori did that Pat glanced over to look at Mel and Rags and saw that Rags' head was now working over Mel's pussy.
Seeing that, Pat lost any hesitancy she was feeling about what was going on between her and Lori and just decided to go with the flow. The sensations of what Lori's lips, tongue, and fingers were doing to her, made Pat more and more aroused until she found herself riding wave after orgasmic wave. And then she convulsed wildly, clamping Lori's head between her legs and squirting onto Lori's face and hand.
Pat started apologizing, saying that she had never done anything like that before. But Lori stopped her by saying that that was exactly what she had hoped would happen, and now she would love to have Pat return the favor.
Pat was happy to try to do to Lori what Lori had done to her. And even though she had never been with a woman before, she simply tried to duplicate what Lori had done to her and soon Lori was writhing in ecstasy. After cumming on Pat's mouth and hand Lori reached over to where she had placed a dildo and harness. She held it for Pat to see and then asked her, "Will you fuck me?"
Pat was about ready to say, "I've never done anything like that before," but knew that Lori knew that already. She had tried so many new things already this afternoon she simply said, "Help me put it on." It was a good harness and Lori strapped it on her just right so that as Pat fucked Lori, with each thrust her own clit would be stimulated.
Lori started to chant, "Yes, yes, that's it. Fuck me with your big fucking cock! Oh, how I love cock in my pussy! Give it to me Baby. Fuck my dirty fuckin' pussy with your great big mother fucking cock. Make me cum, Baby. Own this pussy with your dirty fuckin' pecker. Give it to me hard. Make me your whore! . . ." On and on she went.
Then, without warning she moved away slightly, got on her hands and knees and offered her ass to Pat, saying, "Make me your bitch, Baby, you dirty, fuckin' slutty bitch. Play with my clitty Baby, while you fuck me. That's it! I'm cumming !!!" And with that Lori's body convulsed and her cunt ejaculated. "That's what I want, Baby. That's what I need! Oh shit, that felt sooo good."
She quickly turned around, pulled Pat to her and kissed her passionately and continued to do so until they both came down from their climax. With the stimulus she had experienced on her own clit, Pat had also climaxed again, although not with the intensity that Lori had experienced.
It was close to time to go home, but the girls decided that they all wanted to taste Pat's pussy and to let Pat taste them. And the two girls who were not with Pat at any given time pleasured each other until it was time to go home. They hit the showers, got dressed in their swimsuits and cover-ups and Rags drove Pat home.
As they were going to Pat's house Rags said, "Besides enjoying being dressed for your husband and liking sex, I believe that if a woman wants to enjoy sex she will like to show off her pussy and tease her lover with her pussy as well as her ass and tits. She will like a lover who loves to admire, play with and pleasure her bottom as well as her tits and other erogenous zones. After seeing you in action this afternoon I have no doubt that you are capable of having a very sexual relationship with your husband. And if you had any fears, trust me, you can lay them aside."
"Is that what this was all about?" asked Pat. "Was it just an exercise to see if I was really a sexual person or not?"
"Well that may have been part of it," said Rags. "But Mel and I do get together quite often for some female bonding. Sometimes Lori joins us, sometimes not. But I'm sure that we would like to have you join us and become part of the group. The female touch is different from that of the male -- not better, but different. So it adds some spice to our sexual relationships, too.
"I should have told you the other day when I gave you the books and videos that Matt should feel free to read and watch them, too. And if you are done with some of them and want a few more, I looked through our collection a little more and found a few more that I especially like that I'm ready to loan you when you are ready for more."
"Oh, good," said Pat. "I actually did look at a couple of videos with Matt already and I know he has read or browsed through a couple of books. Then I didn't know whether I should have shared them with him or not and was beginning to feel guilty."
"No guilt required," said Rags. "And if you read something that leaves you with questions, give me a call or come over and we can talk about it. And don't hesitate to talk about it with Matt. Good communication about sex is really important between lovers but especially between husband and wife."
They got together a couple more times. Each time, at Pat's invitation, Rags went over to Pat's house to bring a couple more books and videos and to take a few home with her. One time they also took an old pair of low-rise jeans and made them into a pair of cheeky Daisy Dukes for Pat. They also did a little bit of female bonding. And then there was the last time Pat invited Rags over to the house.