Foreplay: Whilst reading through what I'd written I decided to split it into mini chapters, I hope it helps. Any feedback is appreciated.
Clarification : References to girls and boys within this story are made to distinguish between late teens/ early twenties students and older men and women. All characters are over 18.
1 Addiction
It was a bad habit. She knew that from countless arguments at home but Leah just couldn't quit. She'd tried, by god she'd tried. She knew some boys just didn't want to know her but it was their loss; they could go, Leah thought, and find some girl as sexy and loving as she who didn't smoke. Tough shit. She could remember the day, just after her thirteenth birthday, when she was told, no, cajoled into trying her first cigarette. 'Many teenage girls at least try a smoke in the girls lavvies at school (rest rooms)' she was told by the Happy group - the group that despite teacher intervention persuaded any girl weaker than them that she should follow their example. This made life less than happy for the ones who disobeyed.
Leah's first smoke, her first ciggy - taken by the Happy's from some girl who 'owed' them - made her puke the whole remains of her partly digested lunch into the toilet bowl. Her second smoke made her cough and choke but the third was quite acceptable, helping her chill, making the history lesson less challenging. Somehow from there it developed into a habit, the nicotine easing the challenges of her teenage years.
Daddy, whom she loved and who loved her, was far from happy. Her mother had eventually stopped arguing, stopped withdrawing privileges, given up all hope of combating the relentless tug of the nicotine craves. There was a constant debt to pay, for despite the cheap supplies brought home from Belgium, Spain, Austria and Eastern Europe, hidden from Customs officials, smoking was an expensive habit. The Happys always had affordable supplies but expected money or favours in return, sometimes both. Then, at 18 she discovered a new way to feed her moderate ten a day needs. Other daddies, well mannered, well behaved fathers of her many girl friends, would gladly supply cigs in return for half an hour of her attention. There was always guilt, for she loved her own daddy so much. But nicotine was hard to quit and a few gropes, the odd BJ and even being skillfully licked out by a tongue of one friend's daddy - his wife abhorred anything oral - was an acceptable solution to end hours of craving her next cigarette. Shivers went down her spine, goosebumps appeared from nowhere and a gush of lubrication oozed into her panties whenever she recalled the exquisite pleasure of a skilled tongue. If only her own daddy would.
2 New Home
Chris's car pulled into the small parking space near Leah's home for the Autumn semester. The family hatchback was crammed with stuff that Leah couldn't possibly leave at home. Of course there were clothes, bed linen, a down and feather duvet, TV, laptop and much more. The old but spacious flat was surprisingly cheap compared to many of the major city student accommodations. The early part of Leah's 3 year university course was located at a former polytechnic – although the academic staff would strenuously deny that their lecturing roles were any less important than the top staff at Britain's major universities. The journey had taken a little under two hours, far enough away from home to mean adjusting to a new student life but near enough to come home occasional weekends if Leah got homesick.
Finally the car was unpacked. "Do you have to go so soon daddy?" asked Leah, tears welling up, hugging Chris so tightly that his uncontrollable erection must have been very apparent to her. Her hips were thrust against him in a way that more suited a boyfriend, but it had happened that way many times before, most times well out of sight of her mother. It had happened particularly at times when Leah wanted to borrow money and at those times she found that her daddy wasn't quite as keen to move away.
"I have a couple of hours driving back home," he answered, "But I guess another half hour won't matter." He knew that there was something special between them - it had been that way right from early years. Leah helped him fix the car, if only in a gofer way. At 6 years old she would go for a spanner, or a screwdriver, or a cloth or any other item he needed. At 7 she knew more about a toolbox than a toy box and could make him a perfectly brewed mug of tea. At 8,9,10 she would go for long walks with him and even in those troublesome teenage years her daddy was there to resolve her strops, help with homework and help her realise breaking up with a boyfriend wasn't the end of the world.
"Thank you daddy," she said, hugging him even tighter. He was very much aware of her sex pressing against his leg, her own leg gently massaging his bulge, her heel almost imperceptibly rising and falling. These 'boyfriend' hugs had only started in the last few months, in particular shortly after her 18th birthday when a boyfriend had ditched her. That was the first time she had purposely rubbed herself against him and he'd had to pull away. Ruth, his wife and Leah's mother had only been a matter of feet away, albeit immersed in a televised drama. On that evening Leah had been wearing a similar short, loose skirt to the one she had on now. His own rather tight fitting (he really needed to lose weight) summer trousers leaving his daughter in no doubt about which part of his anatomy she'd targeted.
"This has to stop," he whispered in her ear, fully aware of his wife nearby. He pulled away. He patted and squeezed her perfectly rounded rump to try to convey he wasn't disinterested, but felt guilty about reacting to her attention. He could have allowed her to continue pressing herself against his bulge. He could have allowed his hands to cup her butt cheeks underneath her skirt. He could have allowed his mouth to relax and let his tongue play games with hers but he didn't. Instead he chided her and walked away into the adjoining kitchen.
"But daddy, it's only a hug," she answered, feigning disapproval.
"I'm your father," he reminded her, "Not your boyfriend."
"But if you enjoy hugs and I enjoy hugging you, well surely it's OK."
"But this," he pointed to the very prominent bulge in his pants with notes of frustration and anger in his voice, "Isn't OK." Frustration and anger masked his guilt. This was no means the first time Leah had tried.
There, that day, in the student house living area and many miles away from Ruth, Leah made no attempt to disguise her frustration, even sitting on the well worn armchair in a pose that never attempted to hide the peek of her panties under her very short skirt.
Chris felt uncomfortable, trying very hard to ignore the damp patch where his daughter's inbuilt lubrication had soaked through the pale green material covering her pussy lips. He glanced yet again, unable to resist the temptation. The pale green gradually darkened, leaving him in no doubt that Leah was as aroused as him.
3 Daddy's Dilemma
He reviewed the situation during the lonely drive home. Why was he so scared of submitting to his daughter's advances? Illegal, immoral? That was the hard line. Unacceptable? To who? To Ruth of course. It didn't take Leah to complain, and she probably never would - a friend, a neighbour or any one of many other innocent observers need only make one ill-timed remark and Chris might end up knee deep in shit. He shook his head, put the car air-con on full and tried once more to reason it out.
A prolonged hug and kiss wasn't out of the range of normal parent responsibilities but if only Leah didn't smoke. He hated smokers breath - had done ever since his own days of kissing girls whilst in his teens and Leah's habit could well be a plausible reason to stop this in its tracks. Period. Refreshed by the cool air he tried to concentrate on the drive home. He stopped at the services, mulled over an over-expensive double espresso, took a piss and washed his face with cold water. Refreshed and invigorated he arrived home in an improved state of mind.
"How did it go?" asked Ruth.
"As expected," Chris replied, "I helped her unpack, waited till she'd introduced herself to the three other girls and after a long, tearful hug I left her to begin her prolonged stay away from home." That was true, but he omitted the previous hour, an uncomfortable hour wrestling with his conscience. He could have given in, let his daughter - his only daughter - hump his leg, rub him off with her own, kiss him until his brain just melted, seduce him. His 19 year old daughter SEDUCE him? What the hell. By the time the autumn semester was under way Leah would have a boyfriend and her daddy would be relegated.
He hoped.
4 Giving It Up
Within days of the autumn semester beginning there was a meeting called. The university had a strict No Smoking policy and 'every help will be given to students committed to quitting' leaflets were posted on every notice board.
The options given at the well attended meeting were free NHS help of counselling together with nicotine patches and the alterative therapies of acupuncture and hypnotherapy.
"Of the three options," summarised the speaker after some lengthy pros and cons, "The NHS option is free and has a good success rate and hypnotherapy, though with a charge, has also helped students to settle into their new environment. Acupuncture is a centuries old therapy, though introduced to us last year and the cost can be negotiated." The speaker went on to say, however, that the NHS option included being registered with a local medical practitioner and a waiting list, currently around 3 months. There was a chance to speak with university staff afterwards, over a cup of coffee. The hypnotherapist would be visiting the following week and he offered a simple induction, free of charge, to test the suitability of his services.
"I think I'm going to give it a try," said Leah to Sandy, one of the other girls sharing the same house. "Though I don't want to have to wait 3 months nor do I want needles stuck in me. Daddy and mum hate me smoking."
"I know two of my friends who tried hypnosis," said Sandy, "And they quit altogether, but I also know you need several sessions at around £30 a time. I think if you're serious then you should go to the free tester next week and you'll have a better idea if it might work."
"I'm going to have to try something," admitted Leah, "And now is as good a time as any. I think I'll do like you say and give the tester a try."
5 Unexpected Benefits
There were just six smokers who went to the hypnosis trial and all were girls.
"I suggest at least three sessions," said the smartly dressed young man. He could, thought Leah, even have been a fellow student but the clothes gave him away - or perhaps he was just dressing to impress. He seemed calm, well spoken with a silky soft tone of voice. It was calming just to hear him give his sales pitch. "And tonight," he continued, "Is just to test whether hypnosis would be a good way to permanently stop your urge or desire to smoke. My fees are usually £35 per session one-to-one, but if you're all OK to continue I can do a combined group session for £120, or £20 each."
The girls took only a minute or two to decide the group session would be within their tight student budget. "So just stand in a line here," he directed, "Close your eyes and we'll begin." Leah remembered something about imagining a helium balloon - the ones you got at parties - being tied to her left wrist, and a weight - rather like grandma had on her kitchen scales - being placed on her open right hand. Yes, then there were two, three, four balloons, though she couldn't feel her left arm rising, while the weights added, one by one, on to her right hand. When she opened her eyes she was amazed at how much one arm had risen and the other lowered. And then ... nothing.
A click of fingers and she was sitting on one of the chairs, amazed at how relaxed she felt, how relaxed and ... horny? "Well done," said Ralph, stood alone in front of her. "In case you're wondering, the others left a few moments ago. I've agreed to let them attend a session together for the same £20 each, but you ... well you really are a star, the best subject I've ever had. How do you feel?"
"Great ..." said Leah, "Just as if I'd slept for hours. And I'm buzzing."
"Just as if you've had a cigarette?"
Leah shook her head, "You must be mistaken. I don't smoke, never have. It's an awful habit."
Ralph smiled, "OK, I believe you, but just in case you change your mind just give a tug on the rubber band on your wrist."
"Oh, OK," said Leah. She hadn't noticed the wide band on her wrist.
"How are you fixed for time?" asked Ralph. Leah looked at her watch, puzzled. Almost an hour had passed, though it only felt like minutes. Hell, she felt so horny and shuffled in her chair, legs pressed together. "Feel good?" Ralph continued. "Hold my hand." Almost without thinking, Leah did as her asked. As he slowly shook her hand Leah felt a light tingle run all the way through it, passing her shoulder and making her right breast tingle. "It's a new therapy I'm developing," he explained, "Which works best with people who can be very deeply hypnotised, which is why you feel so relaxed."
"But I can't remember anything except the balloons and weights." Leah's suddenly felt very concerned, "Hey," she said, spitting out the words, "Have you been touching my tits? Is that why all the others ran off? What's your fuckin' game?"
"Whoa! I induced post-hypnotic amnesia to test whether my new treatment worked without you knowing what I'd suggested." *click* "Sleep." Immediately Leah's eyes closed and her head dropped. "When you awake you'll remember every little detail of our session this evening." *click*
"Wow," said Leah, "So you explained everything to me? Wow!"
"What happened was that all the others, except one, were able to go into trance OK, but I realised that even in a short space of time you could go very deep. I offered you the option of free sessions to try out an idea I had."
Leah smiled, "And I agreed, sucker that I am for anything free! I remember."
"So which would you rather have, a cigarette or to shake my hand?"
"But why ask me that? I told you that I don't smoke." As soon as her hand touched his, the tingles gave her nipples the lightest but the most wonderful tickle. She shivered.
Ralph looked delighted, "That's fantastic. Don't worry, I didn't take any liberties, it's all recalled feelings - whatever happened just then has happened before or it's something you've fantasised about. The very pleasant feeling was stuck, hidden away in your subconscious, until you needed it again. Let's try your other hand."
"Oh fuck, that's just divine. How the hell ...?"
"I told you. It all in your memory."
"So how come I felt so horny just now when I woke up."
"Simple. While you were in trance I got you to recall an evening with a boyfriend ... "
"You WHAT???"
"You agreed. Tom, wasn't it?"
"You bastard. That's private and ..."
"Chill, Leah. You didn't tell me anything. I'm just teasing. I just asked you to recall a memorable evening with him."
"Did I cum?"
"Whoa again. I'm offering a pleasant way of quitting smoking, I'm not writing a script for a porn film. Did you cum? I don't think so. But if you really want to ... "
"Not with you. No."
"I wouldn't want that, Leah. I'm quite happily married. You'll have noticed the rubber band on your wrist. Just pull it when you feel the need for a cigarette."
"BUT I DON'T SMOKE."
"Just in case someone offers one and you feel it's impolite to say no."
"So if I ... " Leah tugged the band, "Bloody hell!" Without thinking, her butt pushed forward on the chair and her legs parted, making her already short skirt ride up.
"I really don't need to see your pink panties," said Ralph. Leah blushed and pulled her skirt straight, though after another twang on the band she simply repeated what she'd done.
She grinned a rather seductive grin, "If this rubber band always works so well, I think you deserve a free show."
"I told you, I'm happily married."
"And you never window shop?" Leah pulled on the rubber again. It was as if she was ultra horny but not touching herself at all - yet the feeling defied all understanding. She shuffled forward again, right on the edge of the chair to allow access to an invisible tongue. Eyes now closed she tugged once more on the strip of rubber resin. "Oh my god," she murmured rather than spoke.
"Take it steady," said Ralph, his eyes glued to the darkening strip of material being soaked in love juice. But Leah was way gone, locked in the whirl of her own brain chemistry. She came, loud and long, still pulling at the magic band on her wrist. Ralph almost came in his pants.
6 The Morning After and the Evening Before
Leah had slept soundly, a dreamless sleep, a sleep that had been the best night's sleep since she could ever remember - she slept like a baby.
Before she even thought of rising from the bed, she reached over to the bedside cabinet and picked up her pack of the cheapest cigarettes that a student could afford, and her disposable lighter. Without thinking, sleep still in her eyes, she lit up ... and immediately coughed and spluttered the same way she'd done at school. Puzzled, she calmed and cautiously took another drag. Her face turned pale. Moving quickly out of bed she grabbed the nearest container she could find and puked up her guts. When the final retch left her she finally calmed enough to realise that she was no longer a smoker - old habits had overtaken the previous evening's conversation with Ralph.
Whatever Ralph had done he was very good at his work. Rapidly unscrambling her sleep-fogged mind she gazed idly at the quarter inch wide rubber band on her wrist. Her reward, yes, her reward for kicking the habit. A reward she remembered that was for her and her alone. A reward for kicking the disgusting habit of smoking. Gently she pulled, and immediately felt the phantom touch of a hand drawn slowly over firstly one breast then the other. She tugged at the band again and felt her nipples gently thumbed, causing them to swell.The phantom of course was non existent – Leah's memory was simply recalling the touches of a tantric minded boyfriend. Unfortunately his skills had been spread around other girls in the town.
Wearing little more than a skimpy nightie and a pair of pink fluffy slippers Leah made herself a coffee, took it back to her room and slipped into bed.
"Just remember the band," Ralph had said, the last words he'd spoken as he dropped her off home. A voyeur maybe, but he was the perfect gentleman. Leah had spent two hours with him the evening before.
"So why me?" Leah had asked after the missing hour.
"Because you're the perfect girl to try my new ideas," said Ralph. "I could sense you were going to go very deeply into hypnosis."
"And?
"And you agreed to help. So I decided to offer you the best pleasure that nature can give." Then the handshake and the rubber band. Leah smiled, then grinned, what should she care that Ralph had a perfect view. He deserved it so she closed her eyes and tugged relentlessly at the band. She came once, twice, three times. Ralph just sat, observing the results of his experiment, neither moving nor touching her. Leah giggled to herself, Ralph had such a package, that very evident.
They had talked, "I want to make you an offer," said Ralph.
"Like?"
"I share some of my skills with you if you can enlist some volunteers for me."
"I don't know. What do you want me to do?"
"Find some volunteers to help me test my 'pleasure' cure for smoking."
"You mean some girls who are willing to let you make them cum?"
"Not necessarily, there are many more pleasures they can enjoy."
"But helping girls cum instead of smoking is nature's best way ... non fattening too?" Leah knew only too well that smoking reduces appetite.
"Correct. Why don't I make you cum again while you're thinking about it."
Leah thought for a moment or two. "OK, you got a deal, but no touching - except for my hand."
"I find my wife gets a better orgasm if I touch her thigh, just above her knee, here." He demonstrated, touching the inside of his own inner thigh about 2 inch above his knee joint."
Leah smiled, "You just want to see my panties again, don't you?"
Ralph just laughed. "My wife might enjoy me being revved up when I get home."
"OK, but just above my knee, no higher."
"I promise," *click* followed by a flurry of words, "Wide awake."
"Mmmm," said Leah as Ralph once more took her hand.
"Good?" asked Ralph, knowing damn well that it was.
"Yes," answered Leah, "Very good."
"Close your eyes then and focus on someone or something that makes you feel good."
As soon as Leah closed them her daddy came immediately into her head. Not what daddy usually did but what Leah hoped he would do, lick her out. She'd enjoyed being licked out by her friend's daddy ... not once, oh no, but at least half a dozen times and every time he'd made it better, every time she had allowed him more than the usual half hour. He'd repaid her with 40 leading brand cigs and made her cum ... once, twice, three times on one occasion. He'd wanted to fuck her in the back of his car for 200 cigarettes but she'd refused, bargaining 100 cigs to let him lick her out, oh, and borrow her panties, her dirty used panties, for a few days.
Instead of her friend's daddy's face it was her own daddy, licking her out and oh my, Ralph had taken her hand. Her breasts tingled from the imagined touch, "More?" he asked.
"Yes." Leah felt a touch on her knee. Her thigh tingled a very special tingle from an imagined kiss. A hand gently touched her other knee, then both together.
"More?"
"Please." The kisses became the lightest of tickles on her inner thighs. He stopped, said a few words and touched again Now Leah imagined her daddy planting kisses all the way up then down the most sensitive parts of her leg. Words again, then she just knew (no it wasn't possible) her panties had disappeared.
"OK?" Ralph was concerned that Leah wasn't getting confused. "What are you feeling right now?"
"You're licking my pussy, I can feel it wet."
"Open your eyes and look." Ralph had one single finger just above each knee.
Leah took in a sharp breath, panting she found it hard to talk, "But I can still feel a tongue licking ... how the fuck?"
"It's your imagination."
"You pulled off my panties," she said sharply, ready to accuse Ralph of taking advantage whilst she was hypnotised.
"Look for yourself." Her skirt was already rucked up. She pulled it higher, giving Ralph another front row view of her panties. This time there was very much more than a hint of her own copious flow of love lube soaking the cotton. "How on earth can I lick you out with your panties still on? When are you going to believe that it's your own thoughts controlling what you feel?"
"Explain it all to me," Leah asked, "I know people can be made to do things when they're hypnotised - I've seen it on TV."
"Leah," said Ralph softly. "All I've done is suggest things directly to your subconscious. I've never had anyone go so deeply into hypnosis as you have this evening. While you're here, you're effectively in my power. Some would abuse that and take advantage but all I want to do is develop a way that smoking, and other bad habits, can be substituted by sexual desires. Sexual pleasure is powerful." He looked at his watch, "It's getting late and I'm going to run you home. As soon as I leave you my power will diminish, but the rubber band will substitute for a few days."
7 Beth Gets Curious
"So tell us," Beth insisted. Leah had said very little about the night before even though she was bright and bouncy after a fantastic night's sleep. "Come on Leah, have you quit smoking for good and what was it like being hypnotised.
"It's fantastic," answered Leah, "Though I realise it's going to take more sessions before I quit completely." Now that smoking had been brought back to mind, Leah was tempted to go get the cigarettes that had made her feel ill. Nicotine was difficult to defeat. She pulled at the rubber band and a sexual shiver passed through her.
"And being hypnotised?"
"Great," said Leah, "Ralph was brilliant and said that I'd been one of his biggest successes."
"Was it him who ran you home?" There were no secrets in a house with 3 other girls, they missed nothing. Leah tugged the rubber again. She felt her nipples harden, the thought of trying another cigarette passed. Fuck, her plump nipples now pushed against the thin cotton of the old tee-shirt she wore and she was glad there were only her housemates there. One of her old boyfriends had insisted her tits were worthy of being displayed without hindrance of a bra, moulded nicely by a tight tee-shirt or top and showing the world what a natural beauty they were. Daddy noticed them though, he certainly knew when she'd discarded her bra minutes after her mother went into town. Oh yes she knew daddy looked, it was just a pity he didn't do more.
"Yes," Leah admitted, "He wanted to spend more time, exploring a new cure for quitting smoking, making it more pleasurable.
"So ... what happened? How did you help him?"
Leah blushed, "I can't tell you that!"
"Oh yes? So he hypnotised you and got you to strip off?"
"He's married."
"You know quite him quite well then? Come on, spill."
Leah lowered her voice, "He made me cum, and without any touching. Like six times in all ... Or was it seven? I lost count." Leah didn't remember much of the ride home either. Ralph had made her cum twice while she was trying to give him directions.
"O. M. G. " said Beth, wide mouthed. She was always the outspoken one. "So this multi climax thing puts you off worrying about smoking?"
Leah laughed for the first time during the gestapo-like interrogation. "Not quite," she held up her hand, "If I feel like a cig I pull on this." She twanged the rubber and a pleasure bolt ran up her leg and tweaked her clit.
"Sounds good," said Beth. "Can he do it for me?"
"It's £35 a session," answered Leah. "Unless you're easily and deeply hypnotisable. Then he'll put you on his volunteer list for the miracle smoking cure he's trying to perfect."
"He told you so?"
"He's looking for suitable volunteers. He's going to teach me how to hypnotise people so he can devote full time to his treatment." Leah was surprised how enthusiastic she was, trying to recruit. She could see Beth was quickly absorbing this idea of being able to cum whenever she wanted and the others looked the same.
Marie spoke for the first time, "So can't you even remember how he began to get you to do his bidding? I mean, if you could just make a start ... you know, see if we could ... without having to pay the £35?"
Beth chipped in to say that she'd heard of something similar. Not a stop smoking course but in a local nightclub. This x-rated hypnotist had actually made a woman cum and (she thought) a man too. The man had spent a while in the gents trying to readjust his clothing. The others girls laughed at the thought of a man, for once, coming to a sticky end beyond his own control.
"The only thing I can remember is the test that he did to check if we could be easily hypnotised," offered Leah. What Leah didn't know what that she'd been coached during the missing hour.
"So try us - except Elena who might not understand." said Beth. Romanian Elena seemed annoyed at being left out.
"Oh I don't really think I can," said Leah.
"But you just said you can remember the test," Beth insisted. "I really like the idea of being able to cum time after time."
"Oh OK," Leah realised she had three interested possible recruits, "But I'm not promising." She went through the same test, helium balloons, heavier and heavier weights and was astonished that all three hadn't realised their hands had moved.
"So that worked. When will you find out how to make me cum?" said Beth.
Beth, thought Leah, was too pushy. "I'm not a lez," she almost snarled, "And in any case I'm only a beginner."
Beth eased off, "But you did the first bit. Can't you remember any more?"
Leah laughed at the thought, "Beth," she said, "Give me a break. I'll ask Ralph next time, OK?"
8 Uncle Gordon
Ralph was still hard when he arrived home, not with the thought of Leah outperforming any other girl he'd ever hypnotised but the thought of what potential she could bring. Leah would never smoke again. OK, she might try, but she'd cough or puke until the message finally drove home. She would preach the gospel of how wonderful, how effective and how arousing kicking the habit would be. All the way home he had mused on how deeply her trance had become and the orgasms he had helped her body generate. He had mind fucked her in a way that turned her legs to jelly, he had seen the wet patch on her panties slowly spread and how hard he'd been from watching her.
The university had never asked for any references, any credentials, any proof at all of his training. Self-taught, Ralph had admired his uncle's stage shows. Well, not stage shows in any professional way but organised by the demand of the many girls and some men who had experienced his skills. Uncle Gordon himself was self taught and in the early days of the Internet as we know it he followed bulletin boards, reading experiences of other amateur hypnotists eager to share their skills.
Uncle Gordon was much less concerned about dabbling in matters sexual. He used his power to manipulate any bit of skirt who succumbed to covert ways of being fooled by him, tricked into showing off their female charms. Watching his stage shows, no one would have known that post-hypnotic suggestions were whispered into the ears of attractive young ladies and Alison, Ralph's sister, was no exception. There had been 40 or so invited guests to her 18th birthday party, some of which had asked, no DEMANDED that Gordon did some of his party tricks. How they laughed at their friends talking mock-martian, clucking like chickens, forgetting their names or who couldn't count past five. Then the 'adult' part, and Gordon never intended crossing legal lines. He entertained the over 18s - most of Alison's friends were older than her anyway - who had no qualms about being aroused by his practiced patter.
Alison knew Gordon's skills; there had been times when he'd used them on her to ease her monthly cramps or one of the migraines she sometimes suffered, often in the same weeks that the red devil visited. She also knew of the 18+ stage shows. That particular day, the day of her 18th, hypnotising Alison had therefore been easy.
"Alison, it's your birthday today," Gordon had begun once she was in a deep trance, "And I'm going to give you a special treat. When you awake, everyone in the room, except you, will be naked. 3 - 2 - 1."
Alison's jaw dropped. Even mum and daddy were naked in her own mind and she'd even sat on his lap, chatting him up, thinking he was her favourite pop star. Both he and mum laughed at Alison's antics. She kissed her daddy, affectionately too and, boy, was mum going to get some fucking when they got to bed.
"Now Alison," Gordon went on, *click* "sleep ... deep sleep ..." He crossed the room, whispered something in his sister's ear.
Wendy, Alison's mother, gave a prize winning smile, nodded and patted her husband's knee, and said quietly, "Yes. Let's see what happens."
"Alison," Gordon continued, touching her shoulder, "Whenever I mention your father's name you will get the most wonderful feeling in the most secret, precious, part of you. Your clit, Alison, your whole pussy will get the best ever pleasurable tickles. Pure pleasure, fantastic pleasure. My birthday present and your father's birthday present to you. Do you understand?"
"Yes," said Alison, tonelessly.
"And also," Gordon added, "Whenever he touches your hand, the feeling will double. You'll smile as if nothing has happened, but you will know it's his birthday present to you so you must sit still while he makes you very happy. Do you understand?"
This time Alison smiled, "Yes," she said, equally without any expression in her voice.
"And when he touches you on your knee, like this, your pleasure will triple, quadruple, until you cum loudly so your daddy will know you've been given the perfect gift. Understand?"
Alison paused as if there was some problem taking it in. "Yes," she said finally, and her mother nodded in perfect acceptance. Uncle Gordon, like his sister, had noticed daddy, Kenny taking more than an interest in his blossoming daughter. Like most fathers, that was as far as it had gone. Wendy had admired her Kenny too for being the model father. He deserved to have the pleasure of making his beautiful, amply breasted, golden haired, slim daughter cum.
"3,2,1, wide awake." Alison looked totally relaxed. "Say, Alison, how's the party going?" asked her uncle, who'd also like to be inside her. His cock felt full in anticipation of what was to come
"Great, uncle Gordon," she answered, "But weren't you going to hypnotise me like I've seen you do to others?"
"You mean naughty hypnosis?"
"Yes."
"Hmmm, I don't think I will."
"Why not?" she'd seen him many times, making some of her friends cum. She looked disappointed.
"I think you should ask daddy if it's OK for me to do that." Gordon noticed her twitch slightly. "Or I could ask your daddy. Or even better I show your daddy how to make you cum." Three times he'd mentioned daddy, three times Alison felt an odd but very welcome pleasure tickle.
Gordon turned to Kenny, motioned him to sit by his daughter. "Take her hand," said Gordon. As her daddy did so Alison felt the butterflies in her stomach just as if she'd met the most wonderful man in the world. When he touched her knee her arousal built, an odd feeling - one that she'd felt many times before, naked in her bed, head full of sexual need, focusing on whatever it was that time that urged to explore her sex, her fingers aching with the need to speedily satisfy herself. Her breasts felt alive, nipples tingling. Her heartbeat increased, pulses of excitement from her brain to her clit.
Unexpectedly she moved her daddy's hand higher up her thigh, legs parting despite whoever might see her panties. Her breathing deepened. Uncle Gordon put his hand gently on her shoulder and whispered hypnotic instruction in her ear.
"Just feel your pleasure increasing with every breath, with every movement of daddy's hand." Cautiously and with full knowledge that people were watching Alison moved his hand ever nearer to her panties. Her breathing deepened even more as the pleasure pulses between brain and clit raced. Her eyes screwed tightly shut as her mouth opened wider. She began to pant as she slid awkwardly forward in her chair. Her heels dug into the carpet and her butt raised, her hips moving as if reacting to an invisible, steel hard cock being rammed inside her. And then with another sub-conscious impulse Alison crossed her legs, trapping her daddy's hand, her pussy lips pushing together, creating that extra friction, that extra special needful and well lubricated friction against her clit - her swollen, blood engorged, ultra sensitive clit.
"Oh fuck, I'm going to cum," she screamed, "Oh boy, ohhh boy, mmmm, nghngh, I'm going to ... no, not yet, oh no i just can't, oh fuck, no daddy, no ... slowly, oh, oh, yes, just, mmmm, " quickly uncrossed her legs then spewed a torrent of words that had no meaning but needed no translation, followed by a shriek as wave after wave of sexual energy ripped through her. The pleasure pulses continued for a whole minute before Alison roughly pushed her daddy's hand away.
"No, ... daddy, no ... can't ... take it ... too ... much," came between big gulps of air." His hand was now only two inches above what would usually have been her skirt hemline, albeit a very short skirt particularly chosen for her birthday, though it felt to Alison as if he was invading her sex. Her skirt, now pushed up and her legs parted, no longer hid her panties. As she'd pushed herself forwards her panties had been in view for several minutes, the damp stain darkening and giving away her high arousal. She was dripping wet and she knew it. She didn't care for she'd just had the cum of her life.
Her peers - both boys and girls of more-or-less the same age and long term friends - weren't at all embarrassed. In fact both boys and girls, with very few exceptions, were turned on by what they had seen; not at all sexual in the pornography sense but arousing and delightful. The boys, as boys always do, showed their appreciation with bulges in their pants. The girls, like girls do, found their sex cave drizzling down a steady flow of love lube, but their own body language - crossed legs, thighs squeezed together, flushes - betrayed what now lingered, warm and damp in the crotch of their panties. Her daddy, oh yes her daddy, had his hand touching her panties, his little finger tucked just a little inside her panties. When no one was looking he sampled a tiny amount of her scent.
9 Ralph Arrives Home
The memory of that evening - the evening of his sister's 18th - rattled around in his memory. He had been in prime position to see every movement of her body. Her legs, despite the infrequent attempt of their father to minimise how much of Ralph's sister's panties were in view, seemed to move ever wider. Her pleasurable discomfort of making the gusset very wet left him food for thought whenever he needed a wank. Oh, that and the scent of her dried juices the following day after a short hunt for her dirty panties, and each day after until mum did the laundry.
Reluctantly he dragged himself from the warmth and comfort of his car, his longer-than-average baby cannon awkwardly filling the space between his body and zipper. He stood for several minutes in his garage before he dare enter the house.
"How did the quit smoking go, darling?" a regular question when he returned home.
"Really good," he said, "I stayed a while longer with one of the girls who seemed to relax very well. I think I might have got her to quit in one session though of course I'll keep up the reinforcing sessions."
"She must have been really wanting to quit."
"She said her daddy has given her real earache and the cigs cost far too much."
"Good," said Cynthia, "Now you're all mine." Her lips met his and without any delay her lips parted, softened, her jaw relaxed and their mouths melted into one. Within seconds his hardness returned as she thrust her hips towards him. Her breasts, adequate and firm pressed against his chest. Although she preferred a bra to keep her shape, the one she wore was of soft silk and kept her near as possible as nature intended. Her nipples, often hard and pointed, poked through the silk and through her tight fitting thin sweater, reminding him of the style of the 60s and 70s. Cynthia was naturally sexy, perfect teeth, natural smile, long golden hair, tight butt and long legs. But looks alone never have made a marriage. From their first date Cynthia was the only girl for Ralph, sexuality oozed from her and she was never shy. The art of fucking comes from experience; practice makes perfect and there was never any time when Cynthia said 'no'. For these reasons alone, Ralph never attempted to hypnotise her into offering more.
The evening meal was overcooked, dry and tasteless by the time Ralph had cum a bucket load inside Cynthia and she had climaxed for the third time. Their lovemaking had been intense, noisy and very fulfilling for them both. Aware that he would soon cum, Ralph had instantly pulled out, tongued Cynthia to her first, rammed her hard for his own satisfaction and her second, then used his fingers for her third. He couldn't remember ever feeling so horny. That new girl, Leah, was perfectly malleable, like clay in his hands - or rather his voice. They would both benefit from his hypno skills.
10 Session Two
The week passed far too slowly. Beth had taken the other housemates on board and most were awaiting a newly skilled Leah returning from her quit smoking course. Leah was pleased that, on a hunch, she'd carefully shaved during her morning shower. It was another good feeling that she'd rediscovered after teenage laziness hid what was a damn near perfect pudenda. She was sure that the owner of the cheap throwaway razor wouldn't mind. Maybe it was Beth's, she thought, and smiled. Come the next pay day from the student loan people she would buy some replacements. The late September day had been hot so she had chanced removing her panties too at the beginning of the lunch break. The slightest breeze had brought coolness and freshness.
While walking to the interview room Leah was nervous but Ralph's smile and cool determined manner soon put her at ease.
"How did the smoking go?" he asked each of the group members as they arrived. One girl had dropped out and a new guy had joined. He had smoked since he was 10 and now had a 30-a-day habit. Most had cut down but only Leah had quit, though the temptation was there. She noticed she was the only one wearing an rubber band but that was to change. There were no imagined weights or helium balloons, Ralph had at least managed to implant a trigger word enabling the ladies to easily go into trance. The male smoker was the only one not to wear an rubber band on his wrist at the end of meeting.
After the others had left, Leah's second and most important session began.
"How did it go?" asked Ralph.
"Great ... and thank you for the rubber band trick." She smiled. It was a smile that conveyed her week to Ralph without another word of explanation.
"It's still a work in progress. It should be better if you can focus on something or someone who's given you pleasure, especially if it's something or someone who you've ... "
"Frequently," said Leah, and laughed. Damn she was horny before her extra session so why not be honest, "Though in the past it's been a quickie." Hell, she thought, why not be open as well, "Because I often feel guilty. Can you do anything to help me not feel guilty?"
"Sure, at least I can try," Ralph offered, "At least ... if you want to confide in me what makes you feel guilty." He smiled broadly, "It's not large wine bottles is it?"
Leah was quiet for two minutes that felt like ten. "It's not an object, it's my daddy. I mean I love him to bits but sometimes I want him to hug me more, or kiss me properly."
"So walk around in your sexiest bra and panties, or just your panties," said Ralph, laughing."
"Hmmm, I've thought of that, but my mother complains endlessly about me wearing very short skirts or thin blouses when daddy's around - and even if I leave underwear on the bathroom floor."
Ralph laughed again, "It's a pity I'm happily married. I wouldn't complain - ever, in fact the skirt you're wearing today is fantastic."'Yes,' thought Leah, 'I'm glad I wore it today,'though she hadn't even thought about it. It just seemed right to wear a very short skirt. It was pleasantly warm and the boys at uni liked to see plenty of leg. So did some of the male tutors for that matter. All of the previous week she'd felt so sexy, so sure of her femininity. The pale blue of her low cut sweater matched the ultra mini skirt perfectly and, Leah decided, Ralph would appreciate her choice of clothes
"It's a real pity that daddy doesn't show more interest in me. I could offer him so much in appreciation of him simply being there for me." She paused, deep in thought as she wanted to say just the right words. "I don't suppose," she asked Ralph, "That hypnosis could help in any way?"
"I was hoping to teach you how you can use hypnosis to improve the lives of others around you ... I just wonder ... " then the 'bright idea' light seemed to flash above his head. "Tell me a little more about daddy," he said.
10 Homework
Ralph kissed her on the cheek as he dropped her off at the student house. Leah would have kissed him full on the lips given the chance but it seemed he only wanted to please her, visually avoiding even the tiniest hint of an extra-marital affair.
"So," said Beth as soon as Leah walked in, "Did he teach you how to make a girl cum?"
"I can already do that with my tongue but not by talking," said Leah sharply to Beth's surprise. "But I have uni work to do," she added, and went to her to room. Beth left her alone but Leah had another kind of research to do. Ralph's website had a secret menu not available to potential clients. It dealt with training and some personal work he'd done - much of it beta testing some new ideas like the pleasure for quitting - in which Leah was already participating.
Leah read through some of his work but after a hectic day she soon hit the sack. Before long she was in dreamland, dreaming about her daddy. He had interrupted her shower and he was naked, busting for a pee. His equipment must have been ten, no fifteen inches long. Not hard but very flexible like a hose and there must have been a gallon of pee because it flowed forever. His words were odd, echoing but everything made sense.
"I'm sorry Leah," he said, "Needed that." Then he stood ogling her breasts, the soapy shower foam hiding her nipples. He looked down. Oddly a razor was in her hand and she was no longer soaping herself but removing a tiny bit of stubble from her pussy lips. "You're beautiful," he went on in the odd echoing voice, "I'm sorry, here, let me show you how sorry I am for interrupting your shower." He kneeled on the shower tray, a long tongue coming from between his lips. It wasn't a scary, darting tongue but soft and gentle and now Leah could feel it exciting her very sensitive clit. She honestly couldn't remember just when her sudden orgasm felt any better than it did just then. She woke, the dream still very vivid. She was wet, soaked from her own sex juices.
Leah had given Ralph a front row view of a perfect pussy. He'd seen websites which treated the shaved pussy as an art form but Leah surely bettered any model there. Her skirt, her micro skirt, should have hugged her hips and legs but there were subtle dart pleats which opened as her legs parted. He held back her hypno-cum until juice was oozing out of her, then he let her cum. It wasn't odd that she wore no panties, for that's what he'd hypno-suggested the week before.
Once again Ralph had driven home with a cast iron erection, the car still scented from Leah's perfume. He'd liked the idea Leah had given him of her desire to conjure more interest from her daddy and it brought back memories again of his own sister. Sure he would like their relationship to flourish and he hoped the simple brain fodder he'd given Leah would bring her happy dreams. What a joy it would be if she'd let him, as well as her daddy, lick her delightful shaved pussy, but there was plenty enough time for that.
11 Pleasing Beth
"OK, OK, I'll try," said Leah. Beth had bugged her and bugged her until Leah finally gave in. The heavy and light arms approach had worked so well all Leah had to do was get Beth to relax so much that soon she was in a safe place, with only her partner also there.
Leah was so surprised that her new skill worked she was puzzled what to say next. She needn't have worried, words just flowed from her mouth. All Leah did was easily adapt them to Beth's needs, however it was far from perfect. Not only that but Beth had insisted she try early morning before setting off to her first lecture.
"And now alone with Dan in your secret, safe place, you can allow him to do anything he wants. What do you want him to do, Beth?" As the unthought words came out of Leah's mouth, so Beth's body began to react. Her hands touched her breasts in way that Leah herself would have thought rough, but Beth wanted rough. She wanted Dan to be fast and determined and in her mind he almost raped her. But it wasn't rape - it was a kind of role-play where Beth was the sole actress. Her hands nipped and pulled at her breasts, just as her butt rose and her legs parted. She came without touching herself - like many students she wore Levis. Leah brought her out of her trance and Beth was happy, at least for the time being.
"Jeeps, Leah," she said, "That was like it was real, like it was happening, and I don't understand how you made me cum, but I did. I feel relaxed too. Thanks - I owe you. Let me give you a massage when you get back."
"I might take you up on that," said Leah, little knowing just how good Beth was, or what she had in mind.
12 One Good Turn Deserves Another
The following day, all through lectures Leah's mind wandered. She was sure there was no sense of love for Ralph but she couldn't get him out of her mind. The razor was always at hand in the shower, she wore the thinnest tiniest cotton thong that she possessed, her camel was hardly hidden from the view of anyone sat opposite her and the pleated micro skirt was always her first choice of what to wear. Attention grew from student and professor alike - especially the older professors. Her sweaters were, at least until autumn really set in, thin and low cut. She felt and oozed sexuality and, above all, she dreamed of her daddy every night.
"Good day?" asked Beth as she returned to their student house.
"Tiring," answered Leah. "Warm days and lectures don't work together."
"The offer is still on," said Beth, with a gleam in her eyes that Leah hadn't seen before. "How about a shoulder massage first?" her flatmate offered. It sounded good.
"Wow," that's fantastic, said Leah, and she meant it. Beth slipped the shoulder straps down, "Don't want to mess these with oil."
"You're very good," said Leah, quite impressed with how relaxed her shoulders now felt.
"We all have our talents. My aunt trained as a professional masseuse and she taught me a lot." Leah never thought to object as Beth unfastened the clasp.
"This smells good," said Leah as the aromatic oil and Beth's surprisingly nimble fingers worked wonders on her shoulder muscles. Soon her biceps responded to the same treatment.
"My aunt always bulk buys but she doesn't do as many massages these days - mainly for the local local gym when the rugby team book in."
"Wow, all those toned muscles," quipped Leah. "Does she do ..."
"Extras?" added Beth, leaving the question partly unanswered. "Lets just say she's a good masseuse. Like those lager adverts, she refreshes the parts that others don't reach."
Pouring a little extra of her aunt's excellent oil into her palm, Beth moved back to Leah's shoulders, now pushing forwards to the top of her housemate's ample breasts. As she brushed the sensitive sides the lightness of her touch made Leah gasp. Beth's thumbs quickly flicked what were now plump, aroused nipples.
"Beth," said Leah, though no more.
"Leah," Beth replied. "You're learning a new talent which kinda works OK already. I have a practiced talent. You made me feel really good, so I need to return the favour."
"But ... "
"But nothing. Fair is fair. When you left me this morning I felt fantastic and I'm going to leave you feeling the same. Come ..." She tugged Leah's hand, leading her to her room. "The others will be back any minute," she added, her key unlocking the Yale. "And don't worry, I'm only returning a favour. I have quite a hunky boyfriend at home. Once in the room she pulled a large oversized but well worn beach towel off the room radiator. "Here, lay face down on the bed and I'll massage your back."
"Are you sure?" asked Leah, herself very unsure.
"Don't worry, Leah, I'm not lesbian. You gave me pleasure and I'm returning that in the best way I can. If you want to stop me you can but at least give me a chance."
"OK, I see your point," said Leah, and waited for Beth to begin. Even after just two or three minutes her apprehension vanished. Beth was exceptionally good and unlike tit-grabbing, fanny fondling boyfriends, Beth was tender and gentle. So it was no surprise that when Beth suggested removing her skirt, Leah obliged. Oh, and the panties too. Wouldn't want to ruin them with oil, no sir-ee.
For a full fifteen minutes Beth kneaded, stroked, tickled and poked. Yes, poked! Between the cheeks of her buttocks, barely catching her ass hole and down the split peach of her pussy (that felt good!) and down the split peach once, or was it a dozen times, more. It felt so good that Leah was near asleep before Beth bid her turn over.
It was only then that she realised Beth was topless, having cast off her Hellraiser tee and a somewhat tatty bra. Beth, she noted, was only moderately blessed with breasts, though this was just a glancing observation.
"They're not much are they?" asked Beth, cupping her breasts, having noticed the quick scan of Leah's eyes. "Not like yours. I mean, you should offer to sit for one of the art classes. It's good pay for a penniless student." And she playfully traced her oiled hands over both, making Leah shiver.
"You really think so?"
"Sure. They're perfect. I've seen you after a shower - they're much firmer and better shaped than mine. And bigger." Beth paused, "And here, too, if you don't mind me saying." She ran her fingers down to the padded cleft of Leah's pussy. It tickled and the swift whizz of tingles moving to Leah's brain and causing that pleasant shiver didn't go unnoticed by Beth. "Hell, you're so sensitive. I've never been one for shaving down there. OK, if it gets overgrown I get my brother's beard trimmer there once in a while but never in winter."
"I'm not sitting as a nude model for anyone," Leah proclaimed, totally ignoring the fact that Beth's fingers were playing games that made her 'Oh' several times. Her legs parted without any mental intervention whatsoever.
"But with a body like yours, well, you could start a career." Leah just smiled a polite smile and shoved the thought to the back of her brain. "Anyway," Beth continued, "I still owe you some pleasure."
"You were giving me a massage, not teasing my tits and my clit," Leah reminded her.
"Wrong. You made me cum your way, now I make YOU cum, my way." And this time Beth's lips kissed Leah's lips ... her newly shaven, deeply valleyed, perfectly sculptured lips. Leah shivered once more. By the time Beth had just got started, Leah shivered a hundred times more.
Both girls were now naked and Leah could easily see Beth's unkempt garden. It reminded her how untidy hers used to be, but now she was more confident, more sure that her sexuality was quickly evolving. Leah's legs parted more, parted to allow Beth's tongue better access then parted again as the sexual tension built within her. Her own subconscious was working in a different way. Her brain knew exactly - wow - "Yes, just there" - knew exactly - "Oh my god" - what to do without any conscious effort whatsoever.
"Oh no, Beth, no don't stop now." But Leah's protest was futile.
"You smell good and you taste even better," quipped Beth, something that Leah had never heard from any lover. It seemed odd coming from a woman but, strangely, it seemed OK. Beth was returning a favour. What was that saying again? One good cum deserves another. Ah, but wait a minute – Beth had left her cum hanging in mid air. Just as Leah was on the brink of tumbling headlong into that wonderful sexual oblivion, Beth had stopped. Leah was there, right on the edge when the pleasure was whipped cruelly away. She was wet, not from her housemate's tongue but from her own copious juices.
"Was that OK, Leah?" Beth asked impishly.
"No it fucking well wasn't. You left me in limbo."
Beth took Leah's hand and pulled gently at the rubber band. Leah immediately took in a deep breath coupled with an 'ooh' sound. "What do you call this?" she asked, "Your quit smoking bonus?"
"Mmmmm,"
"So if I suck your nipples and pull this at the same time?" Beth demonstrated, "It should be doubly good." Leah writhed in pleasure.
"Mmmmmmm."
"I guess that's a 'yes' then." A surprisingly agile Beth gently thumbed the nipple, worked her tongue around Leah's clit and tugged the band.
Within seconds Leah shrieked as the atomic blast of 100% pure sexual energy streaked through her again and again and again. "Beth. No. Too much. No stop." The words came between sharp breaths but Beth held on firmly to the rubber band. The rapid peaks and troughs of orgasm carried on for over a minute before Beth stopped twanging the elastic and the pleasure contractions ceased. "Oh fuck, Beth don't ever do that again," said Leah breathlessly.
"You didn't enjoy it?"
"Yes I did but ... " Too late. Beth's tongue was still lapping and both hands pinched and pulled Leah's nipples. Even without the elastic, Leah sailed over the winning line once more."
"Now hypno fuck me, while I'm still so horny."
With chance to get her own back, Leah brought Beth off 3 times before she brought her out of trance.
13 Daddy Phones
"Hi daddy," Leah answered her phone in her bedroom. She was mostly dry from her shower except her dripping hair. She pulled the towel that was draped round her tits and swore as it dropped to the floor. She hastily picked it up, holding the phone with one hand and the towel with the other. She held the phone between ear and shoulder and wrapped the towel loosely over her hair to stop the drips.
"Hi princess, how's things?" Money was tight and daddy usually rang her to save her phone cost. "You sound a bit breathless."
"I was in the shower. At the moment I'm still wet."
"Don't you have towels there?"
"I'm trying to wind it round my head. Wait a mo." She put the phone down. Now her hair was OK but she was naked save that. Luckily there was just an industrial estate behind the houses. Leah rarely shut the curtains except night-times - even mid week, if some warehouse manager or his staff wanted a free peek then they were welcome.
Despite feeling guilty about seeing his daughter naked, Chris felt himself harden at the thought of Leah's naked wet body at the other end of the phone. "Do you want me to call back?" he asked.
"I'm OK but I'm missing people. When it's the mid semester reading week I'd like to come home, see my friends, catch up on the gossip."
"Sure. I could come over on the Saturday."
"Can you make it Saturday morning then I can introduce you to the others here?"
"Well, as long as they're not walking around wearing just a towel on their head."
"How about me? I mean mum won't be there to watch over you."
Chris avoided the question, "I'll ring you on the Friday and again when I set off."
"But I haven't seen you for weeks, I need a really nice hug and kiss." Leaf deliberately emphasised 'really nice'. "Do I get a bigger hug and kiss if I've only just got out of the shower, like now."'Oh fuck, where did that just come from,'she thought,'And why do I suddenly feel horny?'
"I'll have to think about that," said Chris, and said he'd have to go. The line went dead.
14 A Panty Gift
There were two more 'quit smoking' hypnos before reading week. If daddy collected her Saturday morning then Leah would have two weekends, that made nine days away from uni and nine to kiss daddy. How she missed him. She'd known that all through the phone conversation.
"Let us know when he's coming," said both Beth and Sandy, "You've talked a lot about him and we'd love to meet him." Leah agreed she would.
"Yes, I can't wait," Leah confessed to Ralph at their regular private session after the weekly meetings when the other 5 were present. As ever, even though autumn was heading into winter, Leah wore Ralph's favourite ultra mini skirt, the one he bought for her. Of course, panties were out of the question and Leah never forgot to remove one of the also gifted pair of panties at her last pee before the session, passing them to Ralph before he guided her into a very deep trance.
"Particularly good today," Ralph noted, "You must have been really looking forward to this evening."
Leah smiled her pretty please smile, "Daddy's really uneasy about giving me more attention. Any advice or help or anything will do."
"Do you want your daddy to fuck you?" Leah was stuck solid for an answer but nothing came. Ralph had come straight out with it.
"I don't know. I've wanted him to lick me out, make me surrender to his tongue, make me cum wilder than you've ever made me cum. I've tried all the tricks; lipstick, makeup, perfume, showing as much of my tits as I can get away with, short then shorter skirts, rubbing up, humping his leg, kisses that would seduce the pope ... everything."
"Hey, hold on young lady - what's wrong with my hypno cums?"
"Sorry Ralph. I just get so uptight."
"I can try to boost your confidence but I can't tell you what to do or say."
"OK, and an extra special cum. Thank you."
"Shaved this morning. No panties?" Leah nodded and passed him the ones in her pocket. She'd quietly rubber band cummed three times during one boring lecture. Her panties were rather wet.
Ralph took them, examined them, "Perfect. *click* sleep."
15 Sandy Too
The confidence was working already. When she'd been dropped off by Ralph, Beth and Sandy were waiting in the kitchen/ living area.
"Beth's been telling me about how much hypnosis you've learned and you're quite good at making her cum," then promptly added, "Without touching of course."
Leah scowled at Beth, "That was just between us."
Beth launched on the defensive, "Sandra's had a shit day. I thought you might be able to brighten it up."
"OK, OK. Let me see what I can do."
The session turned out to be a big success. Sandy went easily and deeply into trance. Beth by now could do too and, though she couldn't exactly explain it, Leah was as horny as hell despite having been hypno fucked several times, including twice during the car journey home, forever now in Ralph's control.
"Sandy, just imagine your breasts being touched by angel's wings, the lightest of touches, brushing against your nipples. Feel them harden, feel them more sensitive than ever before." Sandy's lower lip curled as she sucked it inwards then her tongue darted out to lick her lips. She took a deep breath inwards, slowly, her tongue licking her lips again. Her back arched and her hands gripped the sides of the old but comfortable armchair.
"And now your sides, your back then the insides of your thighs, softly, light as a feather." Sandy's legs parted, "And kisses moving up, ever increasing your pleasure. Now a tongue seeks its way to your most private parts ..." Leah didn't need to think of the words. She and Beth might at any other time be seen as lovers but it wasn't so. Sandy was hearing the words that Leah had recited to Beth several times, Beth each time insisting that one good cum deserves another, licking Leah out with practiced tongue, making her cum and cum and cum. Finally Sandy's back arched, her butt raised, her muscles began tensing and wave after wave of pleasure streaked through her.
*
The events of that evening happened only once. Sandy wasn't as hooked on orgasm anywhere near as much as Beth. Leah presumed that Sandy preferred to be guided into orgasmic bliss with her fingers or the low buzz of her vibrator.
"I'm just setting off," said daddy on the phone. "I'll see you in a couple of hours."
"OK," replied Leah and in a voice as sexy and husky she could manage, "I'm looking forward to thatproperhug and kiss."
16 Anticipation and Frustration
"Fuck, fuck, fuck," said Chris to himself after being stuck in a motorway log jam. The local radio station, in between playing damned tuneless music - Chris preferred the Sixties sounds, gave out occasional traffic bulletins, including a report of a serious accident on the M6. An hour later further on Chris finally passed by the badly mangled car and front-end dented lorry. The car had come off by far the worse of the two. He gazed at all the rubber-neckers on the opposite carriageway causing congestion by slowing down to view the mangled wreck and hoped it would all be cleared by the time he made the return journey.
He pulled in to the next services, busting for a pee, and called Leah on his phone. His shoulders ached from tension and his fingers hurt from clinging to the steering wheel in anger at the delay.
"Oh, OK daddy," Leah sympathised and said she'd ask the others to wait too.
Coffee and a donut at highly inflated prices helped little to curb Chris's frustration and the tension in his shoulders refused to go away. The tension related also to his work - the more you earned, it seemed, the greater the pressure. As he drove he mused over the thought of seeing Leah once more and the pressure of blood flowing to his penis brought him first a semi and then a fully laden stiff piston. He arrived at Leah's student house still frustrated and angry at something which was totally out of his control.
"Daddeeee!" said Leah, throwing her arms around him even before he'd got through the front door. She kissed him full on his lips before allowing him into the house.
"You haven't missed me so much, have you?" asked Chris, knowing full well what her answer would be."
She flung her arms around his neck and it made him jump; something there was really aching. "Course I have, I love you daddy. Want to see how much?" Fortunately Leah moved her arms to hug his waist, pulling her crotch close up tight to his renewed erection. She kissed him and he made no effort to move away, nor did he move when she rotated her hips, massaging his hardness.
"Wow," said Chris when they finally broke for air, "That much?"
"It seems you've missed me too," answered his daughter, his baby, his helper and fetcher when he needed tools, his arrogant, cheeky teenage daughter who was now becoming a woman. Wow how she'd grown up. As if Chris wasn't already aware she cupped one hand over his zipper. "Hell, what have you got in there?" Leah asked.
Chris pulled away, rubbing his right shoulder and neck, "That's enough," he said firmly. "Are you packed?"
"All I need is in my suitcase plus my laptop. Anyway you've just arrived and the others want to meet you. Coffee?"
Chris looked at his watch, "OK, 30 minutes then we go." He massaged the side of his neck."
"That's the third time you've done that," said Leah, "Does it ache?"
"It's OK, I'll get some gel from the pharmacy on the way back."
"You look tired too. Listen, Beth is brilliant at shoulder massages and I've got some relaxation tips. I'll make you a coffee first and you can drink it while she's easing your neck and shoulder muscles."
The coffee, Chris thought, wasn't too bad considering it wasn't the top brand drunk at home. Beth had somehow persuaded him to ditch his usual rugby shirt.
"Heavens," said Beth, "Your muscles are really tight."
"He works too hard," explained Leah, "And he doesn't relax enough. "Listen daddy," she added, "Why don't you shut your eyes and I'll teach you an easy meditation trick."
"Mmmm OK," he muttered, accepting Leah's offer. Beth's fingers were making a huge improvement, tired and sore muscles being quickly eased.
"You need to concentrate, think of some place you've been - like a holiday." He nodded. "OK, now breathe in, wait, breathe out. Every breath just think of your private place and relax a little more." She paused, "Breath, relax ... "Relax deeper, just listening to me ... "
Chris felt great, fantastic, no aches or pains, better than he'd felt in weeks. "Thanks, Beth, that shoulder massage was great and thanks Leah for that breathing exercise," he laughed, "The two of you make a great team." It was only then that realised his rugby shirt - one of many he wore at weekends - was neatly folded on the rather battered sofa.
Leah picked it up and placed it on his lap, clicking her fingers *click* "Sleep ... relaxing deeper ... deeper and deeper." Like daughter, like father; daddy was also capable of being deeply hypnotised and, from somewhere in her head, Leah felt that this was the real reason she had given time and effort to learning how to hypnotise her daddy.
The two girls conspired and giggled, and were sure that Sandy should have hung around instead of going into town. Chris - daddy - never queried why his rugby shirt with the large white '12' on the back was again neatly folded on the battered sofa, nor did he ask why his pants were neatly folded on top of his shirt.
He felt good, fantastic even, rippling with pleasure tickles from nipples to toes. He had, because the girls felt things hidden were more sexy than things on display, still got on his pair of buttoned boxers. The touch of a single finger on his leg made the pleasure tickles persist around his groin, under his balls and even around his sensitive butt hole. The finger - Beth's finger - moved slightly upwards and the pleasure decreased its sexy circle, each touch concentrating the bliss until his more than adequate cock became a steel tent pole.
"Pleasure," said Leah. Daddy took a deep breath.
"Pleasure," said Beth. Chris's back arched.
"More pleasure," added Leah, Daddy legs stretched, his toes pointing out.
"Even more pleasure," from Beth. His butt rose, his balls felt ready to spew.
The bulge of his pants made both girls lick their lips but Leah wasn't prepared to embarrass him. No, his extra pleasures would come later after she let him lick her out; yes, that was right, he would eventually WANT to lick her out - in fact he'd CRAVE to lick her out.
"3 - 2 - 1, wide awake," said Leah and immediately the hypno foreplay was apparent. Hell, he'd still got a boner and he knew why. He loved Leah and he'd had this kind of dream, like a daydream, about how he'd finally realised that his girl, his young lady, now needed regular attention.
"You know," he said, "When I arrived here I was tired and my muscles ached." He turned to Beth first (as Leah had hypno planned it) and kissed her on her lips, a simple kiss that rapidly became a lovers kiss and immediately his cock rise to attention. It felt good, it felt so damned good. Beth deserved real thanks for fixing his neck and shoulders. There was no bra under her tee, for it was comfortable like so around the house. Chris's hands moved under her tee, upwards, tickling the sides of her small breasts and she shivered. He cupped under her breasts and allowed his thumbs to flick over her nipples. She shivered again.
"That's enough daddy," said Leah, becoming jealous, "Don't overdo it."
"Chill Leah," said Beth, smiling, "Don't be so possessive, I massaged his shoulders and neck, he can massage me." She unbuttoned the zip of her jeans and guided his hand. Chris wasn't too pleased at overcoming jungle overgrowth but Beth was otherwise pretty and was soon vocalising her pleasure. Her kisses made Leah's rather juvenile and her passion took Chris back many years. Her mouth could have been double hinged and her tongue played erotic games with his.
"Oh yes," she cried, breaking the kiss to swallow a gulp of air. Her eyes were closed and they stayed that way as gulps became sighs and grunts and "Oh yes, Chris, yes just there, finger fuck me fast, make me cum, oh Chris yes, yes, ohhh."
He turned to see his daughter laid back, eyes closed, fingers rapidly frigging herself.
17 An Interesting Journey
During the journey back home Leah couldn't help but notice daddy sneak his fingers to his nose, fingers that had spent some while inside her housemate's jungle, fingers that had sought Beth's female juices. She could understand, having previously hypno-allowed Beth to join in any fun, that daddy would take the unspoken invitation to finger Beth. After all, when she'd hypnotised daddy she had told him Beth would be willing. Leah had watched, very jealously at first, daddy sharing a very erotic kiss with Beth then letting his hands wander. Then yes, oh yes, daddy had his fingers buried inside her friend.
One cum wasn't enough and Leah craved another. She was wet, very wet from watching daddy finger fuck Beth. He was concentrating hard on driving and getting wouldn't notice as she pushed the car seat back, parted her legs and slipped her fingers inside her panties. Her clit was still very sensitive and she knew she only needed the lightest of touches.
Chris, who had been fully concentrating on the heavy traffic, glanced sideways. "I'm sorry Leah, I shouldn't have kissed Beth like that, or touched her how I did. It just seemed so right, it seemed like I had to do it."
"It OK daddy, it doesn't matter, I'll explain later." The words came out awkwardly and her breathing was uneven, heavy, sometimes in gasps. She shut her eyes tight, bit her lip, pushed her spare hand up and under her bra, tweaking her nipple. "Ugh mmmm yes, oh, yes, fucking yes, ohmygod."
Chris had let the car wander over the lane markings. Hurriedly he yanked the wheel, "Holy shit Leah. Do you have to do that in the car?"
"Sorry daddy, it was you and Beth - you got me so horny."
"So you don't mind?"
"Why should I? OK, I got slightly jealous at first but I was OK."
"Why jealous?"
Leah said nothing for a minute or so, then tried to speak but the words just spluttered out, "Because, daddy, because it ... it should have been me." Tears welled up in her eyes, "Me, daddy, because .... because I love you."
The moment the words left her lips, Chris instantly understood, "Sweetheart, I'm sorry. I guess until now I hadn't realised." He put his hand on Leah's leg and instantly a tingle ran up his arm, down his spine and straight to his cock.
"Pull in the next Services, I don't want you cause a crash. "
"Like the one earlier? No way. We passed a 5 mile sign just a minute ago. I'll pull into Walkley Services."
*
"Pull over there, where it's quieter," said Leah, "And I'll try to explain." They talked for around 10 minutes, mostly Leah who, between tears, explained her frustration. Her body had blossomed into that of a beautiful young lady, but her daddy wasn't appreciating it.
"I have," he replied, "But you know your mother; she's very strict." He paused, "You know, today has been a massive revelation. I don't know why but I think Beth has a gift, or maybe it's your soothing meditation talk. It really helped and I'm getting a bit tense from driving. Will it work without the massage?"
"I'll try," said Leah, "Close your eyes." Chris thought of breathing in and out, then of just listening to Leah's voice, soothing, relaxing, re-lax-ing down to a safe place where he and Leah were alone, safe and alone where nobody else could be. Leah was naked, her breasts the most beautiful he'd ever seen. His eyes were taken down to a perfect mount atop her legs. It was smooth without any blemish, without any hint of sticky out lip, a deep valley of promise, lightly tanned, waiting for him to kiss. He wanted so much to kiss, smell and taste but he couldn't, not yet but he could wait. He loved Leah as much as any man could ever love his daughter. He felt so relaxed and ...
"Eyes open daddy," said Leah. Chris felt good, so chilled, so relaxed and so bloody horny.
Leah reached down, just one finger dipped in her honey pot. "This is me," she said, holding her finger to her daddy's nose, "And this is my own private scent. Remember it."
18 Leah Explains and Confesses
By the time they arrived home Chris was on his limit. His daughter's private, personal scent had overtaken his desire to sniff Beth's similar scent from his fingers. He had no need, because Leah's eau de pussy was right there inside his nostrils. The rest of the journey had been a torment of a perpetual erection and, this was most puzzling, every time Leah touched his leg it was as if her finger and thumb was teasing the end of his cock; not jacking him off, no, but insistent foreplay. The fly of his CK's was getting very damp from his own pre-cum.
"Soft," said Leah, and his erection relaxed to a semi, then softened to its usual form. After all, thought Leah, it wouldn't be good for mum to see him rock hard. But mum wasn't there. There was a note under one of the fridge magnets that she'd gone into town. Two cling filmed plates were on the worktop with food ready to be heated in the microwave.
The pair, devoted daddy and a perpetually horny daughter, talked over lunch, about university, about what had happened locally, just small talk.
"I keep meaning to ask you," said Chris, "How you managed to quit smoking. I'm proud of you and your mother will be equally proud."
"The university had a push on helping students to quit. All of the buildings are smoke-free but a lot smoke just outside, including the staff. We could have acupuncture, nicotine patches or hypnotherapy. I'm not having needles stuck in me and there was a long wait for the free NHS patches."
"So you were hypnotised?"
"Several times."
"So how did it work? I mean it's just a load of bunkum. I mean look at all those people on TV pretending to be Martians or forgetting their names."
"Oh it works OK. The therapist is very nice, friendly, good at his job. He's working on a new method of quitting smoking and I'm helping."
"How?"
Leah stretched out her arm with the rubber band there. "Just pull on this this."
"So he's conned you into thinking this ... "
"Try it,"
Chris tugged slightly. A ripple of pleasure moved through Leah. "So?" Daddy wasn't impressed.
"Pull again and again and .. " Chris remembered his younger days when he was discovering things, like knowing when a woman was enjoying what he touched.
"Come on. It's better when someone else does it." Her daddy obliged, listening to the sighs of pleasure. She was just about to cum when she called a stop.
"So what now?" Daddy was getting quite enthused about his daughter's reaction.
"I still see him every week. He's teaching me how to help others ... especially smokers. Let them see how it helps, then persuade them let him, the professional, take over."
"He taught you how to hypnotise?"
"Yes, it helps daddies become less stressed."
The look on her daddy's face confirmed the penny had dropped. "So you ...?"
"Yes. You aren't cross are you?" She reached forward, "Pleasure," touched his leg and the most wonderful tingle awoke his temporarily inactive wedding tackle."
"Wow!" was the only word he uttered.
"Again?" He nodded. "Tell me when you feel like cumming and I'll stop for a short while.
"OK," Watching his reactions, his face, his body language and his incomprehension was a revelation. "Stop, please stop," he said when he felt just another touch or word would make him shoot.
"Why? why me?" he asked. "Why not a boyfriend?"
"Frustration, love, and a longtime fantasy of you licking me out." Tears appeared in her eyes. "I shouldn't have tricked you into being hypnotised. I'm sorry."
"Hey, don't cry," he said, kissing her on her cheek. "We'd better fix that before your mother comes home."
Leah dabbed away the tears. "Really?"
"Why not? It's something I've wanted to do with your mother for years. And your hypno tricks have got me as horny as hell."
*Laid comfortable on her daddy's bed, butt propped with a pillow, daddy's tongue rested in the place Leah had dreamed of most. Well not really rested, but it was performing a slow dance around that area known as the clitoris. To make a quick getaway should Ruth return, daddy remained dressed, but Leah, proud to show her daddy that she was hygienically clean, had that morning scrupulously removed every hint of stubble. It felt good, both to her and to her daddy. That once familiar scent of horny-all-day accumulated juices invaded his senses.
"Please daddy, more, faster, please." He took no notice. She had taken the liberty of hypnotising him, he took the liberty of making her wait. "Please, daddy."
"Oh shit," said Chris mid lick, "I'd better answer that."
It was Ruth on the phone. She rarely used her mobile so why did she have to ring mid tongue-fuck? "I'm just ringing to check if you're back and you got your lunch OK." Ruth
was always checking up on Chris. He confirmed that they'd enjoyed the warmed up food. "I've met Nancy in town. We're going for a coffee, but you know Nancy - it will be teatime at least when - if - she runs out of gossip to tell me. I'll see you too later."
In their bedroom Leah was gently teasing her clit, eyes shut. Chris could see she was oozing lube.
"I kept myself just off the boil so your marvellous tongue can take over," she said.
"Your mother was on the phone and won't be back for a couple of hours. That gives me 120 minutes to tongue tease you."
"One word from me and I could re-hypnotise you." Leah sounded annoyed, "I was right on the brink when the damned phone rang."
"Ok. I'll see what I can do." Chris licked harder and the taste was good. He slowed, but only for a short while, then licked as fast as he could.
"Daddy, daddy, yes, please, yes, oh my ... " And she screamed as her cum hit hard. Every part of her was blasted into orgasmic oblivion, she clenched her fists, her head went from side to side and her eyes screwed up tight. Slowly she came back to earth.
"Daddy," she said, seeing his bulge, "We don't need to hurry and I want to please you." She paused for several moments, "I want you to fuck me. I want you inside me. Please."
Chris didn't need hypno-conditioning. "OK, but I want you naked," he said, "I want to see how my little girl has blossomed. When Leah performed a sexy striptease for him he whistled. No words, he thought, could describe how beautiful she was. She undressed him too and he lay on top of her, supported by a firm mattress.
For a moment he thought his daughter was in pain as first he gently entered her then thrust hard inside. The expression on her pace was of pain but she was wet, very wet to help smooth the forcefulness of his loving intrusion. His size made her gasp at first and he apologised for causing her pain.
"Sorry sweetheart," he said, "I guess I got carried away." He kissed her nose then her lips
"It's OK," she answered once her senses had returned, "It's OK but you feel huge inside me."
Leah had loved and ditched a few boyfriends. None had licked her out to her satisfaction, none had filled her still youthfully tight love cave. Chris felt tight inside her but nature would cope, and it did. Eventually every last fraction of an inch of him was thrust deep within her. Her love cave expanded, as it would sometime later with a baby, to accept his width. Every movement of her daddy inside her brought blissful feelings to both.
"I'm cumming," he said, with some frustration at not being able to hold off, and he shot his load inside her. "Sorry, I didn't intend that happening."
"It's OK," she smiled, "Just stay inside me. I want you there." Little by little he grew firm again and lay close to her, her breasts feeling good against his naked chest. This time he slowed his movement inside her until he brought her close to her own explosion. The explosion happened before he could cum again. They lay together again, danger and daughter joined together. Finally both reached their second peak together.
*
They rested, still joined until Leah finally spoke.
"Daddy," She said, kissing him as a lover would, "I love you."
"And I love you too."
They lay together, naked, for as long as they dared, neither wanting to move away, enjoying the supreme closeness that only a daddy and daughter truly could.
***
Thank you for taking the time to read my story.