Before we start, I just want to say that, even though this is a fiction post, I did actually cum yesterday, November 15th. The events described in this post have nothing to do with how I came yesterday and, thus, why this is marked fiction.
*****
It was November 15th, the day that split the month in half. So far, I'd managed not to nut, and as proof, my cock was as thick as a log and my balls were plump like olives - even bigger than olives, I'd say! Because it was a Sunday on the day that split the month in half, and because I'd lasted as long as I did with erupting any thick, white, sticky goo, I decided to treat myself to some breakfast, if a drink from Blenders in the Grass was considered breakfast anyways.
It was a short, ten-minute walk to the establishment that makes and sells smoothies, and as usual, the girl who I always saw there on the weekends and who always took my orders was a girl named Lizzie. She was a bit tall but definitely blonde, curvaceous, and had an hourglass body. Because I was always the first person in the restaurant, we'd always spend the first ten minutes talking about stuff from a wide array of topics before other customers arrived, and this included questions like how our week was, or if something new happened, and sometimes anything sexual if she didn't have a fellow coworker or manager nearby.
I opened the glass doors that day, and as always, she perked her head up with a friendly smile when she saw me standing in the doorway.
"Hey, Lizzy!"
"Hey, cutie."
That was when I noticed that, even though she was smiling at me friendly, she had a sad look in her eyes.
"Lizzie, what happened?"
"Oh..." She sighed, "my toy broke last night."
I looked at her confused.
"I was playing with my vibrator last night and I accidentally left it out on my desk because I remembered I had to do something. Next thing I know, I see it fly over my head and crash near my feet. Stupid dog flung it around like it was a fucking chewtoy."
"And now you're horny?"
She stared up at me, her eyelids squinting menacingly, or either annoyed. "No shit. What makes you say that?"
I gulped, chuckled awkwardly, and backed away from her, my butt hitting against the nearby shelf containing a bunch of Blenders products for sale. I looked at the shelf for a few seconds, then I looked back at Lizzie, only to see her eyeing me like a juicy steak on a plate, complete with her biting her bottom lip seductively.
"Maybe you can help me out, cutie?"
"H-How?" Damn it, my voice squeaked.
"I'm horny, and I damn well know you're horny too, so why don't we get this ball rolling, huh?"
"B-But, I also haven't cum yet and-!"
She laughed. "What? You're doing No Nut November? Really? Instead of helping your dear horny friend sexually relieve herself, you're gonna commit to No Nut November?"
"Y-Yes?"
Her eyelids dropped again, and so did her tone, in a rather seductive way.
"And also miss this opportunity to lose your virginity sooner?"
"Y-N-No."
"Hmm~ Good boy."
Her eyes flicked over to the large window panes and the glass doors that the front side of the building consisted of, and she motioned, with one finger, for me to come to her. I did so, like an obedient dog, but also because she had more sexual history than I ever did, despite the fact she was a year older than I was.
As she dragged me to the back of the building, with only the counters separating us from anyone else entering the building, she kissed me, inserting her tongue into my mouth, where our tongues fought for supremacy, but I lost almost as soon as she did this. While grabbing my clothed cock with one of her hands, she undid her green apron straps on her shoulders with the other, revealing her white dress shirt and black dress pants.
Quickly, either because she was so horny to even consider being patient or because someone might be coming in soon, or because of both, she unzipped and pulled down my pants while I unbuttoned and removed her shirt. We had another frenzy kiss, though this one was longer, as I groped her breasts and she pulled on my cock. I grunted and squirmed, and she laughed.
"I want you inside my pussy."
I looked at her with wide eyes.
"W-What! But, I might cum inside you!"
"So? My stupid dog broke my vibrator and you're the only one nearby with a dick. You gonna help me out or what?"
I grunted, rolling my eyes.
"T-Turn around."
She smirked and turned around, aiming her still-clothed ass in my face. "Oh, whoops!"
She stood up straight again and unzipped and pulled down her pants.
"There we go."
She... wasn't wearing anything underneath her pants. And the inner sides of her legs were already glistening like diamonds reflecting the light above us.
"Like what you see?"
I nodded my head and I couldn't help but give her ass a light smack, and she reciprocated by hunching forward on her hands with a giggle.
"We don't have enough time for you to admire my fine body, unfortunately. You're gonna have to skip all the foreplay and fuck my pussy until I tell you to stop!"
I didn't need her to say or do anymore as I aligned my cock against her bottom folds, grabbed her sides, and rammed my stick inside her.
"Horny fucker!" she screamed lewdly. "Take me! Fuck me hard, cutie!"
I did, bringing my hips back and forth, slamming my rod in and bringing it right out of her, repeating my actions nonstop. She was squealing and making other lewd sounds, and part of me wanted to tell her to shut up because we'd be caught, but hearing her also made me want to pound her more and more.
I couldn't see it, but her breasts were definitely swinging back and forth, her toes were also curled up in her shoes, and she was definitely sticking her tongue out. I wasn't a fan of the ahegao face, but hey, I'm not gonna complain about it either.
Finally, after a few more minutes, I raised my voice a bit over her sounds.
"I-I'm gonna cum!"
"S-Stick it in my asshole! Unleash your load in my asshole!"
I did what she wanted me to do, pulling out, raising it up a bit, and then inserting it into her second back hole, feeling my cock pulsing a few times in the tight cave that was her asshole. After a few seconds of resting in there, I pulled out again, watching my cum leak out onto the tiled floor between Lizzie and I. I sighed.
"Well, that was fun."
"Yes, it w-." I stopped, my eyes widening.
Lizzie looked at me in confusion, then looked at what I was staring at, only to see ten customers or so standing out with their phones all pointed at us and an angry-looking manager standing there in the middle of the crowd with his arms folded over his chest.
Lizzie smirked nervously. "Wh-Whoops! How can I take your order?"