Hello, my little orgy of perverts!
A word of warning. Jessie will be revealing some of her past in this chapter. It will be clear when that occurs. The reason I say this is because the main story has stayed in a particular category. If the backstory part were to be published on its own, I'd have no choice but to put it into its own, separate category that totally isn't this one.
I know that doesn't really help, but if I tell you the category, it will give away the surprise.
Still looking for an artist. Get in touch if you have questions or comments!
Little White Lies
Chapter 5
Jessie
Jessie smiled at Dex, her heart swelling with affection for him after his heartfelt confession. She turned and raised an eyebrow at Donna and then looked back at him.
"Now, do you wanna absolutely destroy that mouthy little cunt that's been making me eat her pussy all night?" she asked.
He smiled slowly. "Damn right I do." As one, they both turned and looked at Donna, who grinned in playful anticipation.
Dexter swiftly moved over as she, not fighting in the least, spread her legs and accepted his face and tongue in place of Jessie's. "Fuck," Donna mumbled, feeling Dexter going to town on her quickly.
Jessie giggled and then stood up on the bed. She was shorter than Donna by nearly a foot, and it seemed that she wasn't going to have to crouch very far to achieve the position she wanted. Stepping over her roommate, she moved up and reached down to grab Donna's hair, pulling upward and lowering her hips as she did so. Donna whimpered, her eyes rolling back briefly as she apparently enjoyed what Dexter was doing to her.
Jessie, though she'd enjoyed the slaps, was really excited to be able to return the favor, and reached down with one hand, slapping Donna across the cheek. Her green eyes shot upward, excitement clear on her face, mixed with a little bit of surprise and irritation. Jessie grinned and slapped her again before Donna finally acquiesced, her eyes rolling back again as she leaned forward and started to lick forcefully against Jessie's pussy.
She smiled as she looked down and saw her roommate licking her, small whimpers of pleasure being moaned into her feminine folds.
"Fuck," Donna murmured, not daring to take her lips away from, or tongue out of Jessie's pussy. Her whimpers turned into a strangled cry of pleasure, and Jessie let her breathe for a second as an orgasm coursed obviously through her.
Smiling, she looked down and saw that Dex had slipped off the bed and was stripping down. He hesitated for a minute, looking down at himself and then held up a hand. Disappearing, he apparently went to their bathroom and turned on the shower. She giggled and rolled her eyes as Donna finished cumming, then reached down and slapped her face again.
"Eat it, cunt," Jessie said, giggling. It was difficult trying to be stern and serious when she was having so much fun. She scowled, trying to look angry.
Donna growled angrily and threw her arms up, latching on to Jessie's shoulder's. Pulling down, she caused Jessie's eyes to go wide and squeal in surprise as she was flipped onto her back, then further, her legs going into the air as the brunette followed through.
Giggling uncontrollably, Jessie looked up and saw Donna angrily munching at her pussy, still taking care not to hurt her of course. Both hands were up underneath Jessie by that point, propping her up as Donna licked and slurped from her pussy to her asshole and back.
Jessie groaned, pleasure from what her roomie was doing flowing from her pussy outward. She heard Dex get out of the shower and whimpered, wondering if Donna was going to let her up or if he was just going to come in and fuck her face.
He came in, still slightly wet from his rinse-off, and smirked, seeing the precarious position she was in.
"Help," she moaned.
He smiled and shook his head, coming around to her face and stroking his cock.
"Oh fuck baby, please," she moaned, opening her mouth. "It's not fair that the other girl got to have a taste and you didn't save any for me," she said.
He smiled, shaking his head, and kneeled on the bed as Donna licked and sucked between her legs. She whimpered, feeling her roommate's fingers probing down there, and then groaned lowly when she felt her push one into her ass. It was an interesting sensation, pleasurable, but in a different way than something in her vagina.
Still, it felt great and Donna loved to do it, so she wasn't going to complain.
Her tongue and lips still furiously working Jessie's slit. Donna started to generously pump her finger in and out of Jessie's asshole.
She saw the huge head of Dex's cock appear directly above her then, and smiled, opening her mouth to let him in.
He slid down into her mouth, causing her to whimper in pleasure as Donna's ministrations drove her closer and closer to orgasm. His cock pushed her tongue out of the way and then went to the back of her throat where he thrust repeatedly. She forced her gag reflex back and accepted as much as she physically could, the pleasure of the act filling her body.
"God I love sucking cock!"she thought as he slid deep into her mouth again after letting her breathe for a moment.
Donna still hadn't slowed down, her tongue whipping over Jessie's clit as the intrusive finger plowed deeper and deeper into Jessie's butt.
Whimpering, she felt the orgasm build to a dizzying intensity and knew that it would be a powerful one. Again and again, she cried out quietly around Dex's massive shaft, feeling the building wave of pleasure almost crashing over.
"Fuck," Donna said, feeling Jessie's butt start clenching as she started to cum. Loud cries of pleasure flowed out from around Dexter's shaft and he moved to let her breathe but she reached up and pulled against his butt as he started to pull out.
Practically screaming in pleasure, she looked up at him as he stared down, smiling, Donna still relentless in her punishment.
Finally, she went limp and Dexter chuckled, sliding out of her mouth and moving down to cradle her head. Her breath was coming in great gasps and she weakly pushed Donna away.
"Stop," she begged. "Too much..."
Donna grinned and kissed her leg, then began running her fingers over Jessie's body as she worked back up from the abyss that the mind-numbing orgasm had left her in. Eventually, she was able to slide upward and lean weakly against Dexter.
"I think we broke her," he said, caressing her face. Jessie grinned weakly and shook her head, forcing her eyes open.
"You were supposed to break Donna, jerk," she said, smiling affectionately at him.
"Oh, he will," Donna said, reaching for his hand. He kissed Jessie a final time as she scooted over to lay down next to her roommate as she spread her legs.
Dex, his cock still menacingly erect, moved to kneel between Donna's legs. Jessie moved up beside her to play with her breasts a little, and maybe rub a hand on her pussy when she could. Smiling, she leaned over and kissed Donna on the lips, drawing a wink as she did so from the brunette.
Dex was kneeling between her legs, his cock still thick and delicious looking. He smiled as Donna wrapped her feet around him and pulled. "Please," she begged. He smiled, but didn't relent, and Jessie figured he was having fun torturing her.
Donna had lain down on a pillow, and as such, she was looking down between her legs naturally. Dex's cock looked immense as he gripped it with his fist, stroking gently and then laying it down across the breadth of her pussy.
"Ooo," Donna said, eyeing it. He stared down at her and began to slide gently backward and forward across her presented pussy. His cock would start at the very edge of her lips, the bulbous tip easily covering the entirety of her damp folds. She had a very petite vagina, Jessie supposed. Her lips were naturally concealing in how they were constructed and kept most of the rest of her sex neatly hidden away. Only a small portion of her inner folds could be seen, and Jessie wasn't all that sure it wasn't Dex's movements that were exposing it.
He would move from the very end of her vagina, barely touching before he slid forward, pressing down as he moved. The action would force her pussy lips apart as the shaft pushed against them and moved upward. The head would slide past the opening, sometimes even dipping enticingly in for a second before he would lift slightly and it would keep going, rubbing torturously against her clit as he smiled down at her. At the end of his stroke, he was fully extended, the entirety of his cock resting against the pubis, his balls hanging down against her folds. The great length would be laying across her lower stomach, looking terrifyingly huge. Jessie could only marvel at it and wonder what it would look like against her decidedly smaller body.
Donna whimpered, almost pleading at him after enduring a good minute of the tortured thrusting. She didn't speak though and looked like she would let him continue to torment her for hours if he so chose.
Dex reached over suddenly and grabbed Jessie by the hair. She cried out in surprise and then giggled as he forced her over, pushing the tip of his cock in her mouth a few times before continuing on and pushing her face against Donna's tortured cunt.
"God..." Donna groaned as Jessie obediently began to slide her tongue across the clit she'd been face-slammed into. She knew that he wanted her to get her slit wet as well, so she gathered some spit in her mouth and pushed it out with her tongue, slathering it over her roommate's folds. She felt him lift her up then, gently pulling at her hair. Smiling, she wiped her mouth with the back of her hand as she looked up. He leaned over and kissed her then, and she heard a low moan.
"Oh God, thank you," Donna moaned, and Jessie could feel the two of them moving. Dexter still didn't break their kiss though, and she smiled as she realized that he'd started fucking her while he was kissing his girlfriend.
Eventually he had to break the kiss, and turned, focusing on Donna. Her legs were up and moved as far out of the way as she could get them, almost as if she were afraid that if they did get in the way, he'd take his cock away.
Sitting back, Jessie reached over and began to play and pinch at Donna's breasts and nipples, then moved a hand down to gently rub against Donna's clit.
Donna groaned and swore when Jessie touched her, her head pushing back into the pillow. Dexter was rhythmically sliding into her at an excruciatingly slow pace, his cock taking a few seconds to slide in completely.
"God, Dex, please fuck me harder," she begged finally. "You're fucking torturing me!"
He smiled. "Don't be a mouthy cunt then," he said, reaching down and softly pinching her nipple. She whimpered and nodded.
"Whatever you want," she replied.
He chuckled. "Apologize," he said, stopping mid stroke.
"Fuuuuuuuuck," Donna complained. "I'm sorry! I'm sorry!"
He smiled and started to slide in and out again but didn't increase from original speed.
Donna whimpered in mild annoyance, her expression changing from pleasure to pain to irritation and back. Jessie continued to gently rub her clit, watching with a wide smile as her boyfriend continued to torture her roommate.
"Apologize to Jessie," he ordered.
Donna whimpered, resisting for a minute. Dex stopped moving and she cried out in frustration.
"Say, I'm sorry Jessie," he said.
Donna turned a pleading look on her face. "I'm so sorry Jessie," she said.
"For making you eat my filthy pussy," he ordered.
"For making you eat my filthy fucking pussy," she said. She looked back at him, almost pleading.
"Good girl," he said, smiling. Immediately, he picked up the pace and started to fuck harder and harder down into Donna. She whimpered in pleasure each time he withdrew, and then cried out in ecstasy when he thrust inside.
"God, this is gonna be huge," she whimpered. "Choke me?" she begged. He looked at Jessie, surprised. She shrugged and smiled, just as taken aback.
He leaned forward and gently slid his hands around her throat, tightening a little as he thrust.
"Harder," she said, and Jessie saw him squeeze tighter. "Keep going, I'll tap you when that's enough... fuck..." she said, mid thrust.
Dexter did as he was asked, his cock never slowing as he squeezed Donna's throat as she'd begged him to. He kept squeezing, tighter and tighter until he felt saw her tap his leg repeatedly. He let go, and she immediately started shaking her head.
"Hold it until I tap you again. Get back to that same tightness," she whispered.
He nodded, thrusting deeply into her again.
"Oh my God," she groaned, slapping the bed with her palm. "Your cock is..." she started to say but left the thought unfinished.
Jessie watched, her hand still rubbing her clit as he thrust in and out. She saw him tighten back again and Donna nodded when he reached the point she wanted. Fucking her hard, he groaned, obviously enjoying what they were doing to each other.
For nearly twenty seconds, he held Donna's throat in a vise grip, her face turning red and tears starting to run down her face as he continued to fuck her. Jessie could almost feel him wanting to relent and was quietly grateful when Donna at last tapped his leg and he released his hold.
Blood rushed back into her brain and she gasped out loud, her expression going wide, almost like a look of fear. Her eyes rolled back into her head and she groaned gutturally.
"Fuck... me..." Dex said, his cock being forced to slow down by the apparently intense contractions she was having.
"You okay?" Jessie dared to ask, snaking her hand away from Donna's slit.
"She's contracting... so fucking hard... fuck..." he groaned.
Donna still hadn't spoken and looked like she might actually be in another dimension from the pleasure coursing through her body. She went from frighteningly rigid to a quivering mess in a few seconds and managed to weakly push against Dexter so that he knew to withdraw from her.
Jessie slid over, cradling Donna's head into her lap and brushing the hair away from her sweaty face as the brunette's chest heaved with its renewed effort to breathe. Dexter relaxed, obviously feeling good about his performance as he slid from the bed and leaned against the dresser, watching the two.
After a good five minutes, Donna had finally recovered enough to pull Jessie down and kiss her. The kiss turned into something more though, and soon she had Jessie down next to her, their bodies side by side as Donna seemed to feverishly kiss her.
Eventually, she fell back, her breath still ragged.
"That was so fucking intense," she said, smiling. "Where's Dex?"
"I'm here," he said, humor in his tone.
She raised a hand and beckoned him over. He obliged and the two girls made room for him between them. He smiled and kissed Jessie, then turned and kissed Donna, the two of them snuggling up underneath his arms.
"Wait," Donna said, sitting up after about twenty minutes of resting. "You didn't get to cum, or more accurately, Jessie and I didn't get your cum."
He smirked. "I already came earlier," he said. "Remember?"
"So what," Donna said. "Don't you want another?"
He chuckled and shook his head. "I've got to get going soon. I've got work in the morning and it's past 1:00 AM."
Donna frowned and looked over at Jessie. "Make him stay," she said.
Jessie giggled and shrugged. "It's not like you're not going to see him again, slut."
Donna frowned but then smiled. She turned then and moved to her knees. "Thank you guys," she said. "Thank you so much for letting a kinky tramp like me into your sex lives."
Jessie smiled, touched by her gratitude.
"I know what a big thing it is for someone to be as understanding about things as you two are, and I'll never forget it."
Dexter smiled and pulled her back down on top of him. His erection had subsided by then, so Jessie didn't think they'd start fucking, but she could be wrong.
"You're worth it," he said, kissing her softly on the lips. He pulled Jessie up then, and the three exchanged a slightly awkward triple kiss before they started giggling. Donna moved over and started to softly kiss Jessie for a few moments before finally sliding from bed and waving.
Jessie smiled and waved back, watching her leave. Turning, she smiled at Dexter as he pulled his arm under his head and looked at her.
"I told you she was a freak," she said, grinning.
Dex laughed. "Yeah, but I had no idea..."
Jessie giggled and looked down. "Are you okay with everything? I'm sorry you were worried about me being upset."
He shook his head. "I should know better by now," he admitted. "We've had this talk, but I just... I love you, you know. I don't want to lose you."
She felt her heart melt a little and said, "Aww, baby. You're not in danger of losing me. I love you."
He smiled and pulled her back down, kissing and holding her for a few more minutes before finally announcing that he had to get going.
"Yeah, I better get to sleep too," she said, sliding from bed to walk him out. He got dressed quickly and gave her a few more kisses before they walked to the door, Jessie still nude as the day she was born.
He opened the door and playfully dragged her outside, giggling as he pulled her into a kiss.
"Rotten," she said, playfully shaking her head at him. He smiled and kissed her again, then playfully pushed her back inside.
"Night baby, love you," he said, turning and walking down the stairs.
"Night baby. I love you," she replied.
Turning, she went inside and promptly crashed into bed, sleep finding her quickly.
*****
Dexter
The next day, Dexter awoke a little later than normal, and had to rush to get to work on time. He was still only technically an intern since he was still going to school. Sure, they paid him, but during the coming school year, he would be allowed to be late while attending class. Still, he wanted to make a good impression 100% of the time.
Once he arrived, he immediately went to his desk and started on work. It wasn't too much later that he got a message from Nicole on his cellphone.
"Hey there. How did everything go with the girlfriend?"
He smiled, his mind immediately remembering the fun night of sex and fooling around with Jessie and her roomie Donna. The fresh memory of the way it felt to be in both girls flooded back to him and he sighed in happiness. He shook the memory away and focused, looking back down at his phone.
"I went over and told her what happened. She thought it was hilarious," he replied.
"That's quite an understanding woman you have," she sent back. "You really do need to let Vicky explain. Let her and her husband take you to dinner tonight."
He sighed, rubbing his temples for a moment. "Okay," he said. "If they let me bring Jessie, then I will." He felt like any further interaction with Vicky should be around his girlfriend at least.
"And don't worry, her husband is a very understanding guy," she replied.
After a few more banal messages back and forth, Nicole thanked him for the show and then told him she had to get some work done.
"You're welcome," he said.
Vicky, unlike Nicole, seemed to prefer face to face contact. Right before lunch, she came over to his desk and smiled sweetly.
"Hey," she said, smiling at him. He smiled back, unable to resist inhaling her potent perfume. It made him a little light-headed for a moment and he lost focus.
"I'm just wanting to apologize again," she said. "I want to sit down and explain it to you with my husband there. Can we take you to dinner tonight?"
Dex nodded and tried to make her feel at ease. "It's okay, really," he said. "I'm happy to go to dinner with you and your husband. I just don't want you to feel like you need to explain. Things happen."
She smiled. "You've no idea," she said mysteriously, smirking as she spoke.
"Is it okay to bring my girlfriend?" he asked.
She nodded quickly. "I'm not sure it's something she wants to hear but... of course she's welcome to come."
He nodded. "I spoke to her last night," he said. "She's really okay with it. She thought it was kinda funny."
Vicky seemed to be a little taken aback by that and smiled, nodding. "Okay," she said. "I've already spoken to my husband. I'll text you the restaurant and the details later."
Dex smiled and nodded at her, feeling a little awkward.
"K, bye," she said after a few seconds of awkward silence. She turned and started to walk away.
"It feels weird between us, doesn't it," she asked, stopping and turning around.
He smiled. "You're one of the account managers and I'm just a level 1 tech intern, you know?"
She grinned. "And the stuff that... well... happened... makes it just... weird."
He smiled. "I can remember... you know... it... very well."
She giggled and closed her eyes for a few seconds, smiling widely. "So can I Dex, so can I."
He chuckled and shook his head.
"So, uh..." she said, after smiling at him for a few long seconds.
He smirked and raised an eyebrow.
"Is it hard?" she whispered, glancing around. Dexter laughed and shook his head.
"Go back to your office before you get both of us fired, hussy!" he said, smiling.
"Can, I at least just get a hug?" she asked.
He chuckled and nodded. "Of course, but a platonic hug that you'd give to your Grandpa, okay?"
She pouted mischievously but smiled a few seconds later as he stood. She pushed him back into the cubicle a little and smiled, glancing around as she came in for the hug. He chuckled, feeling her squeeze her much smaller form against his, her arms moving around his waist and her head resting on his chest. He smiled, quietly enjoying the affection that she seemed to need to give and receive, and quietly inhaled, smelling her potent perfume.
"I really like whatever perfume you have," he admitted a few seconds into the hug. "It's very... potent. It makes my brain... go away kinda."
She giggled and looked up. "Saying shit like that isn't supposed to happen in a Grandpa hug," she said, smirking.
"Good point," he said, grinning.
She smiled quietly at him for a second and then spoke. "I'm really sorry, okay?" she said quietly.
He nodded and squeezed. "I know," he said. "It's okay."
For a full minute, they stood there in his cubicle, intern and account manager, both quietly enjoying each other.
"So, is he hard yet?" she asked, causing him to sigh and shake his head.
"You're awful, you know that?" he told her, chuckling.
She laughed and turned to leave. "See you this evening, Dexter."
He sighed and shook his head, peering around to watch her ass wiggle as she walked away. He smiled, closing his eyes and thinking back to the previous night. He fully remembered the entire evening. For the most part, he'd felt guilty and like he was doing something wrong. When he'd confessed his sins to his girlfriend, she'd assured him that it was fine. He'd realized on the drive home to his house that he could have been enjoying the hilarity and crazy eroticism of the evening if he'd just relaxed and not gotten so worked up.
He sighed and shook his head. Vicky's mouth on his cum-covered cock had obviously felt incredible, and her almost frantic licking of the cum from his body had been weird, but still exciting. There was something about a woman craving his cum and cock like she did that he found very hot. He suddenly realized that it reminded him of his perfect girlfriend.
He felt confident in thinking that Vicky felt like an expert at giving head, much like Jessie. It had been relatively brief, but the way she'd sucked on him while she was scouring his body for cum, made him confident in his assessment of her oral skills.
Still, as much as he felt like he'd missed an opportunity, he knew that he'd done the right thing by telling Jessie. He definitely didn't want to lose her. Still, he couldn't help but realize then that if the worst thing did happen and he did lose her for some reason, it was good to know that he didn't need to be worried about not finding another girl. He smiled, then shook the thought away. He'd just have to make sure that he was as understanding with Jessie as she was with him.
Opening his eyes, he focused back on his work. After a few more hours, he got a message from Vicky just before the end of the day. It gave the restaurant name and time. It was some place on the other side of town that he hadn't eaten at yet.
He quickly texted his girlfriend and got the thumbs up from her that she would be ready for him to pick her up at seven.
After work, he went home and quickly took a shower and got dressed in some decent looking clothes.
Checking in with his dad, he spent a few minutes talking with him and then drove over to Jessie and Donna's. Pulling into a spare spot, he hopped out and went upstairs to get his date.
"Hi baby!" she said, coming out of her room as he came in.
"Y'all gotta lock that door more," he said. "Any stranger can come in."
She grinned and jumped into his arms, his hands moving under her legs and playfully squeezing her butt as she squealed into their kiss.
"Donna would just fuck him to death," she said playfully, glancing over at her roommate.
"How was your day?" he asked, smiling at her.
She giggled, grinning at him. "I might have been a little bad."
He raised an eyebrow, smirking. "You? No way."
She put her hand on her hip and stared at him with a mock angry glare on her face. "I'm good most of the time."
He grinned widely and kissed her again quickly.
"We've got time to watch that video if you want," she said, smiling at him.
Donna, sitting her in customary spot, smiled and looked up.
Dex smirked and shrugged. "Okay."
The two girls immediately began to pull him toward Donna's room and sat him down in the computer chair. She leaned over him, her breasts enticingly pressing into his back and neck as she clicked on a video on the desktop.
He smirked, seeing the clearly amateur footage, and then immediately began to get embarrassed.
"Ugh," he said, frowning. "This is cringe-worthy."
Jessie folded her arms in irritation and looked at him. "It's not either!"
He sighed, raising an eyebrow as he watched Donna and himself start off their intense sex session.
"Just keep watching, it gets better," Donna said, her breath warm on his neck as she laid her head on his shoulder and watched with him.
As soon as the two of them were naked, Dexter had to agree that it was actually pretty hot. He'd wondered how big his dick would look on camera and was impressed. It seemed like Erin's shave job had helped!
"Wow," he said, smiling.
"Your dick looks great baby," Jessie said, clearly guessing at what had impressed him.
"Felt great too," Donna added, drawing a grin from Jessie.
By the end of it, he had a pretty substantial erection himself and had to grudgingly admit that the two girls had done a good job.
"What did John think?" he asked.
Donna leaned over him again, warm softness pressing into his back as her warm breath hit his neck. She clicked open her email and opened the latest one from John. It was a message from him that clearly expressed how much he loved it.
"Tell Dex that I appreciate that shit!" he ended it with.
Dex smirked and shook his head. "Good. I'm glad he liked it."
Donna came around and straddled his legs, taking a few long moments to kiss him deeply, passionately on the mouth. Her tongue was forceful but slow and affectionate at the same time. Her breasts pressed into his chest and her pussy was gently pressed against his erection. She was still wearing sweatpants and an old shirt, but she felt incredible and it made him want to spin her over to the bed and take her again.
Smiling as she slid back, she winked and told him, "I just wanted you to know that I really appreciate it. John needs to be focused and not thinking about my needs when he's out there. I want him to always come back to me."
Dex nodded and smiled. "I get it, Donna. I'm glad I can help."
Jessie smiled and leaned in, kissing both of them for a moment before she pulled Donna off and helped Dex up.
"We can't get started or we'll be here all evening and miss our dinner date," she said as Donna pouted at her.
"But I want it," she said, adopting a childish voice.
"Bad Donna," Jessie said, spanking her on the rear as she led the three of them out of the room.
Dex smiled and checked his watch. "We better head out," he agreed.
With a final kiss, Donna saw them out and closed the door behind them.
Dexter went down to his vehicle and opened Jessie's door for her as always.
"So, tell me about Vicky," she said after they'd gotten under way.
"Well... let's see. She's one of the account managers," he said. "She's... mid-twenties, I think. Short blonde hair and green eyes. She's got... I dunno... probably half your size breasts."
She giggled and looked down for a moment.
"She's pretty though?" she asked.
It sounded like a loaded question, but he knew better. Jessie was just being curious, not trying to trick him like lesser women might. "She's very pretty," he said. "There's some kind of history that they want to tell us about though. I'm not sure if it's an easy story to tell, so you might prepare yourself. I don't know if she was like... raped or something."
She nodded. "It's possible," she said. "She would definitely have trauma from that. Still, I don't get how that would translate into being a fiend for my boyfriend's dick."
He smiled and turned to look at her for a moment and winked.
"So, you and Dad got my birthday gift shopping done?" he asked
She grinned and nodded emphatically. "Baby, you're going to love my gifts. And your dad was soooo bad!"
He raised an eyebrow and turned. "Was he now? He didn't say anything about being bad."
"Oh, he was just terrible," she said, scowling and turning to glance out the window at a passing car.
"Do tell," Dexter said, wondering how "bad" his dad had been, and immediately thinking that whatever had happened, he probably felt awful about it. Plus, could Dexter actually blame anyone but himself? He hadn't really curtailed any of Jessie's flirting with his father.
She nodded. "Rotten man," she confirmed. "We picked out all the stuff I wanted to buy you and he paid for it!" she said, exasperated.
"Are you kidding me?"
Dexter sighed in mild relief, shaking his head with a smile. "That's pretty awful," he joked, chuckling at her. Of course, that would be what she found terrible, he realized.
"Right?" Jessie asked. "I was going to buy it, but he wouldn't let me. My own dad wouldn't pay for anything I bought," she said. "You know?"
Dexter, feeling playful, shrugged as she looked at him for his response. "Well, you probably haven't been as affectionate with him as you have with my dad," he pointed out.
Her mouth dropped open and she turned to stare. "That's right!" she confirmed. "He did jerk off, didn't he! Twice!"
Dexter smirked, still smiling and still glad that his dad had had an outlet for his pent-up frustrations and sexual tension. He still didn't blame him or hold a grudge as well. Dex knew full well what a sexual being Jessie was, and how... hard... things could get just by being around her.
"Any idea who you're inviting?"
She smiled. "I figured Donna of course. Alec and Erin for sure. I thought about seeing if your dad was going to join us."
He nodded. "He makes a mean hamburger," he said. "That would be good. Plus, all those nude girls will be fun for him to watch. You think they'll have a problem with him being there?"
She shook her head. "I'll be sure and tell the girls to expect it. Plus, I'll have to make sure he's nude too. He's got such a big, gorgeous cock like his son, I'm sure they'll be all over him!"
Dex chuckled. "Just don't embarrass him. If he doesn't want to; don't force him."
She smiled. "He likes when I make him do things," she said, shrugging playfully.
He raised an eyebrow and glanced over, but she didn't explain any further.
"I also thought about inviting Taylor from my office, and her boyfriend but I don't know how well she'll take to the nudity part. Oh, and I thought about asking Blake and Sandy from the party the other night. And if it's okay with you, Alec's roommate Ronnie and his fuck buddy. Plus, there were those two little sluts that couldn't get enough of your dick. If you like, I can invite them so they can fawn all over you all evening."
He smirked and glanced over, wondering if she was kidding.
She smiled and winked but didn't explain further.
"You can invite whomever you like, babe," he said. "You have plans for some fun games?"
She grinned and nodded. "I've been thinking about some fun things to do so we can get all flirty with each other.
Dexter chuckled, hoping that getting flirty didn't mean just outright fucking.
"Heck, if it goes well enough tonight, maybe I'll invite Vicky and her husband!" she said.
He shrugged. "Maybe," he offered. "So how were you bad at work?"
She giggled and looked over at him, smiling widely.
*****
Jessie
Her day had begun with breakfast being made. Donna had come in naked and smiling widely. Spinning her around without asking, the dark-haired beauty had proceeded to kiss her deeply for a few seconds before Jessie had spun back around to stir the eggs lest they burn.
Donna's response had been to drop to her knees and spread Jessie's butt cheeks apart. Groaning, she'd felt her best friend's tongue push into her pussy from the back and then begin to lick as she leaned forward to give her easier access.
The eggs demanded attention though, and Jessie had to stop her so she could pull them off the stove.
After a hasty breakfast, Donna had quickly dropped back to her knees and slid Jessie's chair out as she giggled and acquiesced without a word of protest. Looking up as Jessie at breakfast, Donna's pretty eyes bored into hers while she devoured Jessie's tender pussy.
A quick orgasm later, Donna stood and turned, kissing her with her wet and sloppy mouth, and then turned to go shower. Jessie, not one to be outdone sexually, joined her a few seconds later and returned the favor. It was difficult not drowning as she did though, and she had to finish eating Donna's pussy on the floor of the bathroom.
The two girls had quickly stood and gotten dressed for work afterward and gone their respective ways. When she got to work, her boss had her come in and bring him his coffee. After a quick wave to Taylor, she'd started working.
Just before lunch, he'd called her in and had her shut the door.
Smiling at him, she lifted her skirt without being prompted and quietly showed him that she'd not worn any panties as he'd asked.
"Gorgeous," he said, smiling widely. He seemed to shuffle in his chair a bit, and she knew that he must have a hard-on, the poor guy.
"Do you want me to let you see it closer so that you can jerk off?" she asked, causing him to grow a little nervous about the proposal. He wavered a little, but then eventually nodded.
She giggled, more than happy to let him look at her pussy so he could get some release! The act would certainly turn her on and give her something to think about all day so she was nice and super-horny for her sweetie that evening, not that she wouldn't be already.
She'd walked around to his side of the desk and put a single foot up between his legs to the edge of his chair. Smiling, she pushed him back and slid up on his desk all at the same time, then wiggled a finger to entice him forward.
Placing her feet up on his desk, she sat in a sort of crouching position, her knees splayed outward and her womanhood on clear display for her boss. He smiled widely and quickly pulled out his cock, already hard from her brazenness.
She'd been feeling horny all morning, and though Donna had taken care of her and she'd returned the favor, she was still feeling like she wanted to be extra flirty today. She wanted to like... take care of people and make sure they were happy, to make sure they had had an orgasm. It was something that she cared deeply about, not just when she got horny, but all the time, and she felt the need to help others with that type of thing.
Still, she knew it was a little weird and knew that boyfriends didn't necessarily like knowing their girlfriends flirted all the time. She couldn't help who she was though, and was so very glad that she had someone as understanding as her Dex.
Mr. Murphy leaned in close, and she was curious to see if he wanted to give her a lick or just smell her near constant arousal. He surprisingly didn't venture too close though, and kept his eyes locked on her displayed slit. She smiled, lifting one hand from the desk and reaching between her legs to spread her lips for a second, knowing that's probably what he wanted and that he'd never, ever, be able to ask her.
He grunted, obviously getting close.
She originally intended for him to just spray on the plastic mat underneath his desk and then clean it up for him, but he apparently wanted to finish elsewhere, not that she really minded. He must have taken it as a sign that it was okay to do so, surprising her a little.
He groaned and stood, moving closer to her. She briefly wondered if he was going to try and stick it in, and cum inside her pussy, but he paused a few inches away and continued to stroke. Realizing where he wanted to cum, she snickered and moved her hand away, spreading her legs wider as he frantically stroked faster and faster, punctuating it with a grunt of pleasure.
As quickly as she could she lifted her skirt higher so that he wouldn't get any cum on it, pulling it practically all the way up to her breasts as he grunted with effort, his hand moving swiftly over the tumescence of his erection.
She smiled at him, biting her lip alluringly as he groaned in pleasure. She could practically feel his gaze as he devoured her pussy with his stare and briefly considered masturbating in front of him, but then saw how close he was.
A few moments later, she saw his face change to one of pleasure and smiled. He stroked again and again, before a great gout of cum shot from the end of his cock and landed squarely on her pussy, followed by another and then another. He practically wept at the release and the flood of pleasure, his cock spurting a few more streams across her lower stomach.
Grinning widely, she gasped in surprise and pleasure, reaching down and rubbing a finger through the warm mess. She smiled, remembering a myriad of other guys cumming in her mouth and moaned quietly, wondering what Mr. Murphy's would taste like. Knowing she probably shouldn't, she scooped a little up and brought it up to her lips, smiling as Mr. Murphy watched enraptured.
She watched him for a second, his eyes almost pleading at her, before bringing the fingers into her mouth, groaning as the familiar taste hit her tongue. Swallowing, she sucked on the fingertip and then looked down. She reached down and scraped upward, drawing a thick gob of cum up and dripping it into her mouth with a groan of satisfaction.
Smiling, he collapsed back in his chair as she proceeded to clean herself by licking her fingers. Eventually, she'd gotten all of his mess off of her pussy and devoured as much as she could.
"God, I love cum," she said, not really paying attention to him at the moment.
He looked extremely satisfied, and she quietly finished, got presentable again, and then left the room. Grinning quietly to herself, she couldn't help but get excited at how naughty she'd been. Mr. Murphy was getting so much better at flirting! She just wished that Don would loosen up and flirt more.
Aroused and looking forward to seeing Dex that evening, she quietly went back to work.
After work, she'd quickly gone and showered to get dressed up to go to dinner with him and the lady that just couldn't control herself when she saw his cock. She'd truly thought it was quite hilarious and couldn't really fault Dex. After all, what was the difference between her letting Donna fuck him and letting this Vicky girl?
Sex was too fun, and life was too short to get all bent out of shape over things like that. She loved Dex so much and she obviously knew how gifted he was and good in bed. It was amazing that he hadn't been snatched up long before he'd gotten the courage to ask her out, but she was so glad that he had!
Sitting beside him in his truck, she glanced over and grinned after he asked her about being naughty that day.
"Well, I told you before about how sometimes my boss likes to look at me and sometimes actually gets off?" she asked.
He nodded.
"Well, after last night and thinking about sex for half the morning, I went in and let him see that I was wearing the required uniform. He got excited, so I told him it was okay if he had to jerk off, and that I didn't mind."
Dex chuckled. "That guy sounds like he gets excited pretty easily."
She smiled and grinned, nodding. "He so does! But that's okay, it's flattering! So anyways, I thought it was really sweet and pretty hot," she admitted.
Dexter chuckled, shaking his head.
"Was that bad of me?" she asked.
He nodded. "Most definitely," he said, "But if it doesn't bother you how your boss treats you, I suppose it doesn't bother me."
She grinned in response. As they pulled into the restaurant, she leaned over and kissed him. "You're the best boyfriend ever," she said.
He chuckled and rolled his eyes good-naturedly.
They went inside the restaurant, a nice looking steak house, and she immediately saw who he'd been talking about.
Vicky was definitely very pretty, and for just a moment, Jessie was a little alarmed and jealous, but then she felt Dex squeeze her hand, and she grew much more at ease. She had shortish blonde hair that seemed naturally wavy, and he had been correct that she didn't have much in the way of a chest. Still, she was very adorable and tiny framed, like Jessie herself was. As she stood, she glanced and saw a very good-looking man stand up next to her.
He was tall, probably a little bit bigger than Dexter, and good-looking to boot. She hoped that he was a nice guy and couldn't help but check out the rest of him as the two couples moved to greet each other. He looked like he was in good shape, and she smiled sweetly as he nodded at the two of them.
"Hey Dexter," Vicky said, smiling and offering a platonic hug. Jessie smiled, wondering if her husband knew what had happened.
"Vicky," he said. She looked up at him and saw that he looked a little nervous, but he reached out and shook the man's hand anyway.
"This is my husband, Eric," she said, looking up affectionately at him. Jessie liked the way she was clutching him and was immediately attracted to the attractive couple.
Dexter reached out and shook Eric's hand, then nodded to Jessie. "This is my girlfriend, Jessie," he said.
Jessie reached and gently shook his hand, smiling at him sweetly. "Nice to meet you."
Turning, she went in for a hug with Vicky, undoubtedly surprising her. She knew that the young woman must be feeling guilty if she really couldn't help what she was doing and wanted to make sure she knew that there was no animosity.
Vicky smiled and looked like she felt a little more confident as Eric turned to tell the hostess that they were ready.
Smiling, he gestured for the for the two of them to lead the way and she did as she was bade. They got a table away from most folks and sat down to eat.
Conversation didn't have a chance to start though, as their waitress came over and smiled sweetly at them. "Hi y'all. What can I get started for ya?"
Jessie smiled and looked up, seeing a sizable pair of breasts barely covered by a pink checkered print top and a cute skirt to go with it. She smiled, grinning at Dexter as he looked over and raised his eyebrows in surprise, then turned and chuckled at Jessie.
They quickly ordered some drinks and settled in. Conversation seemed to flow easily between Dexter and Eric, and she sensed him growing more at ease.
"So, where do you work?" Vicky asked, as soon as the waitress had left.
Jessie told her and then elaborated on most of what she did for Mr. Murphy. She left out the flirting, of course.
"That sounds like a job," Vicky said, smiling.
"I love your nails," Jessie said, reaching out and taking Vicky's hand in her own. She lifted it and looked at the obviously expert job that someone had done on them. The girls talked about mundane things for a little while, until finally there was a lull in the conversation just after the food came.
"So, I know that there's a big elephant in the room," Vicky said. "I want to talk about it, but I'd much rather have some privacy if that's okay. Eric and I figured that we could go back to our house and have a drink there to relax."
Dexter smiled and nodded, glancing at Jessie. "I'm good with that," she said, squeezing his hand again.
Finally able to relax without the prospect of discussing the erotic happenings of late, Dexter seemed to Jessie to finally be able to completely relax and enjoy dinner. She and Vicky hit it off quite fabulously and she knew that she wanted to invite her and Eric over to Dexter's 21st birthday party. She quietly wondered if the two would even want to attend.
After dinner finally ended, she and Dex hopped in the truck and agreed that dinner had been much better than expected.
"I can't believe all the waitresses are wearing such low-cut clothing," he said.
She smiled. "I didn't even know about this place. We'll have to remember it."
He nodded in agreement.
They pulled out and followed Vicky and Eric to their house. They lived in a very nice neighborhood, and Dexter pulled up to park behind them in their driveway. Following the older couple in, they got a quick tour of the house while Eric fixed everyone a drink.
"Let's go sit on the back porch," he said, smiling at Vicky.
She returned the smile and nodded, adding, "That sounds great."
Outside, they all sat in a few lounge chairs near the couple's pool and enjoyed the evening. Eric turned on a few lights so that it wouldn't be too dark, but Jessie thought it felt nice and cozy.
"So," Dexter said, looking at the other three.
"So," Vicky replied, causing everyone to laugh. She glanced over and looked at her husband for a moment. He nodded.
"There's a few reasons why I get all... crazy... when I see what Dexter is working with," she said. "There's not really any comfortable way to lead into this conversation, so I'll just dive right in and spare everyone the nervous tension." She took a drink of her wine, and Jessie followed suit, smiling comfortingly.
"I've got a condition that people liken to nymphomania. I mean, you'd think that the doctors could actually classify it as such, but Nymphomania isn't actually a classifiable mental condition, meaning it hasn't been recognized."
She took a drink and continued.
"Regardless, what I have is most likely the same thing, or very closely related to it," she said. "Most nymphos, and I don't say that derogatorily, but most of them constantly think about sex. Like... it rules their lives."
Jessie nodded, listening attentively.
"It started back in high school. I had a boyfriend who had a seriously big dick," she said, causing Jessie to smile despite her attempts to appear understanding. Vicky smiled as well though, and she glanced at Eric, but his expression was one of understanding and love. "He was my first really big cock." She smiled, briefly reminiscing, but then took another drink and continued.
"He wasn't actually my first time, but he was my first really big dick. He's the one that I remember the most from those early years. After we broke up, I went to college and I had several more really big cocks," she said, smiling briefly at her husband. "Something... and I still really haven't quite figured out what... happened in college, and I just kinda became obsessed with really big erections."
"But when Nicole and you were in her office that first time," Dexter said, a confused look on his face, "she said that you told her that you'd never seen one before."
Eric chuckled shaking his head. "Typical," he said, smirking at her. Vicky grinned and shrugged.
"I only told Nicole about my condition afterward," she said. "She didn't know about it when she told me about you being gifted. I definitely started to scheme my way into seeing it," she admitted, frowning at Dex and then Jessie.
Jessie was busy being intrigued at the way she was nonchalantly talking about dicks in front of her husband. He didn't seem to mind in the least though, so she shrugged and continued to listen.
"That's not really the important part though," she said. "What's important is that when I start getting all crazy, it's only when I see... or know about a guy that has a really big cock. Most of the time I can tune it out and not think about it. I mean... I used to not be able to like... forget and would go out of my way to get at it... but I've gotten so much better with Eric's help. The problem arises when I see it for the first time and then it's a done deal. I start thinking about it all the time and I start trying to figure out underhanded ways to go about seeing it again."
Both Jessie and Dexter nodding, remaining quiet. "Still," Vicky said, "How often does a girl actually see a dick that isn't intended for her?"
"That's why this is just kind of a surprise," Eric said. "We've been doing really well and haven't had any issues for about a year now."
She smiled and nodded at him. "It's been difficult, but we know we'll get through it." She looked up and saw that Dex and Jessie were a little confused.
"It's like this," she said, focusing again. "I'll hear about someone with a big cock and it will get my motor running. None of my girlfriends, except for Nicole, know about my issues. Girls talk, as you well know," she said, looking at Jessie. "When we do, it's not often but it can be about our men's equipment, especially if he's really well-endowed."
Jessie nodded. "I know I can't stop talking about Dexter, that's for sure," she said with a smile.
Vicky grinned and nodded. "Exactly. So, I'll hear something and start getting a little crazy. It will eventually pass, and I'll get better and be fine, but this was something much different."
She sighed and looked over at Eric then turned to Dexter. "I'm so sorry for what happened recently, and how I've been behaving. Nicole was so, so wrong to have shown me the picture you sent her," she said, glancing at Jessie.
"Oh, don't worry," Jessie said. "He told me all about it when it happened. We're... not your average couple."
Vicky smiled, obviously relieved to hear that.
"So... I don't get it," Dex said. "You get horny thinking about dick, just go and have sex with your husband."
He looked over at Eric and then back at Vicky.
"It's not that simple. First, it's only big cocks that do this to me. If it's an average size, I don't even blink an eye. I mean, I like average sized men and what not, it's just... it doesn't cause me to go all ape-shit over them."
"I'm sure you've seen what happens," Eric said. "It's an actual physical change that she undergoes. She gets violent if you try to restrain her from her target. She can also be petulant and whiny, immature even."
Vicky was nodding. "It's caused some issues with my jobs in the past and in my personal life as well. The other part of the equation is Eric," she said, looking over at him.
He smiled.
"I love my husband more than anything," she said. "I really, really do. He's just..." she sighed, looking over.
"I've got what's called a Micro-penis," he said. "I'm much smaller than average."
No one spoke for several seconds.
"He's... he's my husband and I love him, but there's only so much that someone that small can do, you know?" she asked.
He nodded, as did Jessie and Dex.
"Still, I'm happy and always have been. We find other ways to get each other off, and we enjoy it," she said. "He's a great lover with what he can do, and I always enjoy being with him."
Jessie began to understand. "So, you've got this condition that makes you really want to do things to a big dick when you become aware of one, and your husband has been given one that's smaller than average."
She nodded in response. "Exactly. It's not exactly fair to either of us."
Jessie turned. "I have to say, you're really well adjusted to have such a malady. If other guys I knew had small dicks, they'd be in a pile crying."
He nodded. "Yeah, but I've had this issue my whole life. I'm used to it. Like my wife said, she loves me, and she has no reason to doubt my commitment, and believe it or not, I've never thought that she'd would leave me. Jessie, you haven't seen Vicky when she gets going, but Dex, you have."
Dexter nodded. "Yeah, it doesn't really strike me as her... like... wanting to cheat on you. It's more like she's..."
"Possessed," he finished, and Dex nodded in agreement.
"So that brings us to you and me," Vicky said, looking at Dex. "The cat is out of the bag, so-to-speak," she said. "Things could possibly get... dicey for the two of us at work unless we come to some kind of agreement to curtail the... shenanigans. I'm not quitting my job, and you're obviously not going to quit," she said.
Dex nodded. "I'd rather not. If I can keep this internship while I finish college, it'll be waiting for me when I graduate."
She shrugged. "It wouldn't matter if you did quit, regardless. I'd know about it and whether we worked together or not, I'd end up trying to find you again."
"We just... we want you to be aware so that you can be prepared for whatever she does," he said.
"What, like force her to stop?" he asked.
Eric nodded. "Sure, if you can. Or, if you can't and she's just too persuasive, then at least you're prepared, and you aren't feeling guilty or thinking that she's betrayed her husband. For me, this conversation is more about preparing you guys for what I see as an inevitability. It's important that you know beforehand because she can get enthusiastic when she's actually got the guy to fool around with her and she's been known to hurt herself."
"You just can't stop yourself?" Jessie asked, looking over at Vicky and trying to sound supportive. "I mean, I get it, my Dex is gifted."
"It's like this," Vicky said. "I'm not going to be able to get Dexter out of my... sexual mind... let's say. It's just going to be going over and over in my head until I act on it. Then, it goes away for a while. Thinking about it all the time gets tiresome. That's not all that happens though. It has other effects. Like... I've been having more sex with my husband than normal."
"Lots more," Eric added with a wide smile on his face.
Vicky smirked and rolled her eyes. "The reason behind it is that I can't quit thinking about your goddamn cock!" she said energetically. "Think about it like this. It's like being hungry. It's like having those kinds of pangs. I can't just quit thinking about what I saw. My brain goes into overdrive and just keeps making me think about it or think about going over and doing things. It starts to hurt my work performance because I can't concentrate on anything else."
Jessie nodded, understanding.
"Look, in the past, she's been known to break into people's homes, have sex with other men just to get to the one that she heard had a big dick, or have sex with multiple people just because they were around when she started to have sex with the big dick," Eric said. He didn't sound angry as he revealed all this information, and Vicky didn't seem to be ashamed.
"I just can't help myself," she said. "And I promise that I'm going to try my best to behave myself," she said, looking from Dexter over to Jessie.
"So, you need some kind of pressure release valve," he said, looking over at Eric.
The young husband snapped his fingers and pointed. "That's it! Exactly. A pressure valve is the correct example. Something like that is what we need to prevent things like the other night from happening. When she convinced Nicole to get you to come over the other night, that was just another example of what can happen. That was specifically a very Vicky thing to do when she gets going."
"So, are you wanting to like... schedule a monthly visit or something?" Jessie asked.
He glanced over and looked at her, obviously surprised that she was on board with the idea. "I mean, if it comes to that... maybe?" he ventured.
Jessie glanced at Dexter and saw that he seemed to be torn. Part of him looked like he was not on board, and the other seemed to be saying that he was all for it.
"Surely there's got to be another way to curb the desires?" he asked.
Vicky shrugged. "I've been having urges about sex since puberty and I've had the big dick condition since high school. If there's another way, I don't know what it is."
Eric turned and looked at Jessie. "Would you be okay with something like you suggested?" he asked.
She smiled and nodded. "A quick story for you, and you'll get a little better understanding of Dexter's and my relationship."
They both took a drink and turned to look at her as she started her tale.
"My roommate Donna has a boyfriend who is a little below average, penis-size-wise," she said. "But they love each other so much," she said, looking upward for effect. "It's pretty hilarious hearing them go at it. You see, they're really into cuckolding." She paused, looking over at them. "Do you know what that is?"
Dexter briefly explained anyway, but they had the general gist of it.
"Do you mind if I use the restroom," he asked, standing. Eric nodded and pointed out where it was. Dexter nodded and went inside.
Jessie continued, despite her boyfriend's absence. "So, when I met Dexter, they immediately wanted to include him in their sex life. John is a roughneck and he's out in the field right now. So, me being the wonderful girlfriend I am, I let my boyfriend fuck Donna whenever he feels like it, and whenever she's earned it," she said, smiling widely.
Vicky's wide smile was immediate, and she reached over and clutched Eric's hand. He smiled just as widely.
"You're really that understanding?" Vicky asked. "We've tried to get other people to help us in this way, but it's never panned out."
"We even made a video for John to enjoy out in the field," Jessie said with a shrug. "He absolutely loved it. Life is way too short and I love sex way too much to keep a guy as talented as Dexter all to myself. Plus... I can be really flirty and tend to get myself into questionable situations, and Dexter is the perfect boyfriend when that happens, and lets me off the hook with a simple spanking or a good hard fuck," she said, smiling as the two smiled widely. She'd been briefly worried that they'd be shocked.
"How often do you want to play?" Jessie asked, smiling. "If you like, Dex and I both can talk about fooling around with both of you."
Eric immediately shook his head. "I really, really appreciate the thought, Jessie," he said, "but I'm really tiny and you wouldn't derive any pleasure from being with me."
She giggled. "You really don't know me, Eric," she said, but didn't elaborate. He smiled and shrugged but didn't press the point.
Vicky smiled. "I'd love to talk about something like that," she said, reaching over and taking Jessie's hand. "I mean, I normally only worry about curbingmyappetite, not my husband's. If I could give him a sort-of... gift while taking care of my needs, that would be wonderful. Would that be something you'd consider?" she asked, looking at Eric.
Eric shrugged. "I really don't see what Jessie would gain from participating, but I'm willing to consider, of course."
Dexter came back then and sat back in his chair. "Miss anything important?" he asked.
Jessie shrugged. "I just finished telling them how flirty I can be, and how I let you fuck Donna and how we made the tape for John."
He smiled. "So, you want to make sure we were prepared for the idea that Vicky might try and jump me again," he said.
Eric and Vicky both nodded. "At least that. I understand that this is a really weird thing, and you really have no idea how good it is for us to know that you're such an upstanding guy that won't take advantage of Vicky's malady," Eric finished and looked directly at him. "It really means a lot that you aren't like that."
Dexter nodded.
"So, we could talk about setting up a certain day each month, like on a weekend or something," Vicky said, leaning over to talk quieter with Jessie, who nodded in response.
Dexter cut in though, looking mildly irritated that things were being decided around him.
"Jessie and I will have to talk about it before we start setting dates. I mean... aren't there medications that can make you better?" he asked. "Don't get me wrong; you're flat-out gorgeous and I'm happy to help, but it feels weird. You're married and you're basically asking my girlfriend for permission to sleep with me."
Eric was quiet for a second before speaking. "You know what, you're right. We both just assumed that you'd be okay with it, and that's not right."
"Can you guys just give us a few minutes," Jessie said, smiling sweetly at them.
"Sure," Eric said, standing and helping Vicky to her feet. They quietly walked back inside and disappeared around a corner, drinks in hand.
Turning, Jessie moved over to sit in Dexter's lap. "Honey, what's the problem?" she asked.
He sighed. "It just feels weird," he said. "Like I said, they're married."
"You're such an honest guy, baby. I know it feels wrong because you're such a good person. Everyone is okay with it, though."
He sighed and didn't answer, but eventually shook his head. "I get that."
She smiled. "Besides, you never know when I might get to fool around too," she said, grinning widely and deliberately trying to provoke a response from him.
"Seriously though, think about what Eric has had to go through," she said, moving the conversation back to the Perkins' issue. "Think about the shame that Vicky must feel when she's... fallen off the wagon so to speak."
He nodded. "That must be awful," he said.
"I think all that they want from us is that pressure valve like you said. They want to make sure that if she slips up, it's with someone they know and can trust to handle the situation without taking advantage of her. I think they want to get to know us better and have that couple that they can turn to, to curb her appetites, so to speak."
He nodded. "And you'd be okay with me having sex with yet another woman?" he asked, looking right at her.
She grinned and nodded. "Aren't you pretty much horny all the time anyway?"
He smirked. "With a girlfriend like you, yes." He kissed her again and squeezed her affectionately. "I don't get it, though. Why are you okay with all of this?"
"Sex is fun," she said, shrugging. "Life is too short to get hung up on all that jealousy nonsense. Besides, you love me, and I love you. A little rubbing and sucking on some other people isn't going to change that, right?"
He smiled and shook his head.
"What if it were to turn into something like the two of us have with Donna and John? Would you be okay with that?" she asked.
He shrugged. "I mean... yeah?" he answered, though it sounded like a question. "I don't think John is a cuckold, though," he added.
She was about to explain that she meant that they'd both possibly get to play, but the door opened, and Vicky poked her head out. "All good?" she asked, smiling.
Jessie nodded and waved them both back.
Both came back and sat down, resuming their original positions.
"We've talked it out," Jessie stated, looking at both of them. "Babe?" she asked, looking at him.
He smiled and nodded. "She helped me understand things," he said, "put them in a different light."
Vicky smiled and took a seat on her husband's knee. "Are you going to be able to handle this?" Eric asked, caressing Vicky's cheek.
She giggled. "I'll be a lady and not take advantage of that obvious setup," she said. "But yes, my love, I'm quite sure that with the prospect of being able to "handle" it in the future, I'll be able to control myself."
Dexter chuckled, drawing Jessie's attention.
"What are you laughing at," she asked.
He chuckled. "It's just been such a weird evening," he said. "In a good way."
Vicky turned and came over to the two of them then, extricating herself from Eric. "I really appreciate you considering it," she said, smiling at Jessie and then Dexter.
Eric turned then and reached out to shake Dexter's hand. "I know it's weird, but you really would be doing both of us a favor, even just by considering it."
Dexter nodded. "I get it," he said, shaking his hand. "I'll talk with Jessie and let Vicky know as soon as possible."
Vicky smiled and leaned in, then moved to give Jessie a full hug. Feeling playful, Jessie elected to kiss her in the middle of the hug, and Vicky blushed in response.
A few minutes later, she and Dex were driving back to her apartment.
"I feel so bad for the guy, you know?" he said, not looking over.
She turned to looked at him. "How do you mean?"
"Well, if he's truly got a micro-penis...," he said, raising an eyebrow.
"Oh, that's not a big deal to me, and it's obviously not a problem for Vicky. You could see how much she loves him."
He shrugged. "I know, but it has to be difficult for him."
Jessie nodded. "That's true. It's probably been rough for him. She's pretty sexy, though," she said, changing the subject. "Maybe she'll be okay with the both of us?"
Dexter chuckled. "Maybe," he said, smiling."
"I'm still very curious about it though," she said. "I'd love to see exactly what he's got."
"The size of his dick?" he asked.
She nodded. "Even before I was sexually adventurous, I was always curious about them."
He chuckled.
"I'm just... so fascinated with them. I love to watch them cum, and you know how I feel about playing with them. Sucking cock is just always something that I've been a huge fan of."
"Always?" he asked, smirking.
She giggled and rolled her eyes. "Well, not always always. Ever since my 18th birthday." She smiled quietly and thought back to that time and how much it had changed her.
Dexter nodded and looked over again. "So why is that date important?"
She smiled, wondering if she should actually tell him. She only had one other big secret that he didn't know. Glancing over at him and considering it, she broke into a smile as he glanced back over and asked, "What?"
"You really want to know?" she asked. He shrugged and nodded. She grinned widely at him and shrugged. "Okay," she said. "When we get back home I'll tell you."
He grinned widely. "Deal," he said.
She smiled, wondering how he'd take it.
*****
Dexter
They pulled into Jessie and Donna's apartment complex and parked. He checked the time and made sure that it wasn't too late, and then followed her upstairs.
As he went in, he saw that Donna had stood and was kissing his girlfriend as she giggled and tried to take her purse off. He smirked and cleared his throat, then laughed as Donna turned and grinned widely, coming over to him and reaching for his pants.
"Wait," Jessie said, pulling her back. "He wanted to know about my past," she said. "I figured since you don't know either, I could tell both of you at once."
Donna smiled. "As long as one of you treats me like a dirty whore, you can talk about whatever you like."
Dexter laughed. "Someone's feeling randy tonight."
Donna grinned and nodded, biting her lower lip and smiling widely. "I'm always feeling randy, Dex," she said.
Jessie giggled and turned walking toward her room and stripping down as she did so. "Come on plaything," she said, calling out. Donna immediately turned and followed her into the room, shucking her clothes.
"God, I love my girlfriend," he said, grinning and following suit. By the time he'd shed his work boots and clothes, the girls were on the bed. Jessie's butt was in the air and Donna's face pressed into the back of it.
"Are you going to be able to focus?" he asked.
She giggled and pushed Donna away. "You're going to want to listen," she said, turning over and sliding up to the pile of pillows at the head of the bed.
Donna smiled and turned, practically engulfing Dexter's cock as she leaned over and nearly fell off the bed. He quickly slid onto it and up to where Jessie was.
"Take it slow," Jessie said, looking down at her. "Enjoy it."
Donna smiled and surprisingly did just that as he looked down at her. She tossed her brown locks over her shoulder and smiled up at him, her mouth moving around the head of his cock and slowly sliding lower, then moving back up again. She briefly pulled them off afterward and gave the head of his cock a sensual kiss all around the head before pulling it back in, all the while staring long and hard at him.
"When I turned 18, I was just starting my senior year of high school," she said.
He nodded, turning to look at her as she spoke.
"The very first time I tried to give a guy a blowjob, I messed up and did it wrong. You see, I didn't ever watch any videos or anything, and he was too nice to try and correct me, so I actually tried to blow instead of suck. I mean, the fucking thing is called a blowjob, what's a girl to think? Anyway, it was embarrassing when one of the other girls mentioned that I didn't know how to give a blowjob. I wasn't a bad girl in high school and like I told you a few months ago, I had a good reputation and was seen as a good kid."
He nodded, listening and enjoying as Donna fellated him affectionately. He looked down and saw her staring up at him, her head turned to the side as her pretty green eyes bored into him and her lips pressed on the side of his cock. She winked and moved up to the top, sliding her lips over the head and sucking for a moment before slowly sliding her lips down his shaft and then back up, a steady rhythm building.
"So, I went home and spoke to someone I trusted and knew very well. My brother Jake," she said.
He nodded after glancing at her and then looked back down to watch as Donna made love to his cock with her lips and tongue.
"Jake is a few years older than me, and he's such a nice guy," she said. "He's good looking and always seems to have a girlfriend, but he's always looked out for his baby sister."
Dexter nodded.
"So, he asked me at one point why I was down in the dumps, so I told him. We'd always been able to talk about anything, so I didn't have any reservations about letting him know that I'd tried to suck a dick and failed. He didn't judge me but did tell me that I was doing it wrong. I asked him if he would tell me how to do it, and I could practice on a carrot or something like that, so that's what we did."
Dexter looked over again and nodded.
"The next couple of weeks, we went through like five carrots as he told me what he specifically liked and what he knew other guys liked. He didn't try and lie to me to get me to always swallow and didn't pull any other bullshit."
She smiled as she told the story, obviously thinking back.
"So, one day a few weeks after he started teaching me, I meet him after school, and he starts coaching me again. I didn't have any qualms about pretend sucking a carrot in front of him, so it wasn't really a big deal. This particular day though, I had been laying out by the pool and was still wearing my bikini when I went to his room. Anyway, he used to like... hold the carrot at his crotch for me so that we could simulate what it would be like on a real guy."
Dexter's eyebrows raised then as she spoke, and he looked over. She smiled and continued. Donna's lips felt incredible on his shaft, and she was being so affectionate and deliberate with her blowjob. Taking her time, she continued sliding her lips tightly up and down his cock, moaning softly and letting him experience the pure pleasure of a blowjob done the right way.
He smiled and brushed a hair from her face, then drew her up for a brief kiss before letting her slide back to kiss the head of his cock and wrap her lips around it, still staring up at him lovingly.
"So, I'm getting much better and he's trying to teach me about deepthroating, something I'm still working on today, I guess," she said, smiling widely.
Dexter chuckled and shrugged.
"Anyway, the carrot broke. He immediately went back downstairs to get another, but we were all out. I was a little disappointed, but I figured that I'd learned all I could. Then, I noticed something I hadn't seen before. He had a hard-on."
Donna immediately looked over at her then, as did Dexter. Jessie didn't say anything but smiled wider and continued. Slowly, Donna resumed her oral lovemaking and kept sucking on him but kept looking over at Jessie more than before. Dexter reached down and rested a single hand on the back of Donna's head, causing her to whimper in approval as she bobbed up and down.
Turning, he looked at Jessie directly and continued to listen.
"So, I asked him why he had a hard-on and he pointed out that he'd been helping an attractive girl in a tiny bikini simulate sucking a cock, of course he was erect. I asked him if he'd been erect before when we were doing this and he admitted that he had. I saw that he was bigger than the first guy, and I was curious, so I asked if I could see it."
Dexter smiled at her in surprise, and Donna stopped sucking for a minute.
"All I got was protests at first," she said. "I convinced him that I just wanted to see what one of a different size looked like, and he assured me that he was considered average, so my first boyfriend was actually pretty small. Still, I asked him again and again, but eventually had to give up as our parents got home. The next two weeks we didn't really talk all that much, but I couldn't get the thought of it out of my head. Finally, I went to him after school one day and basically demanded that he show it to me. He relented, saying that he felt bad after I left the other day, and that he knew it was basically an innocent request. Being the type of girl that I am, I didn't just let him whip it out and take a glance at it. I had him sit down on the bed and pulled his shorts and underwear off. He let me get on the bed beside him and I just looked at it. For like an hour that day, he let me just look and examine it. Finally satisfied, I left the room and thanked him as I did so but my brain just wouldn't forget it." She smiled, closing her eyes and reminiscing.
"A few days later, I went back to him and had him show me again. This time though, I didn't just sit there and look at it. As soon as he pulled it out and it got hard, I reached over and nearly scared the shit out of him." Both Donna and Dexter laughed at that but fell silent right after.
"As soon as I felt the warmth of the flesh on my palm, I couldn't help but start stroking. It was incredible. It was like... educational, erotic, exciting... just... amazing! So... I looked at him straight in the eyes and asked if I could just practice on him instead of carrots."
Donna and Dexter both stared at her, and she held her words for a few seconds to tease them.
"Eventually, after a few days of begging, he agreed to it, swearing me to silence for all eternity," she said.
"When he finally let me, we were in his room again. I was on his bed, laying down next to him, playing with his dick and he finally said okay. I didn't hesitate though, or else I knew I'd chicken out and it would always be awkward between us. Like... "Hey, you remember when you almost sucked my dick?" and stuff, you know?" she asked, looking up at Dexter and Donna. They both nodded.
"So, I leaned over and took him in my mouth without a second thought. It was... mind blowing," she said. "I mean, I know it was just a blowjob, and now it wouldn't even rate on my top ten list, but at that moment... Oh... my... god..." she said.
"He was very patient with me and I learned so much more than I had on a carrot. I found that I could adjust my technique based on how he was reacting and give him even more pleasure. When he got close to cumming, I asked him where I should let him finish and he said just to point it onto his chest. But... that first time it got all over me, him, and his bed. The next day, I convinced him to let me do it again and that time I tried to take it in my mouth, even though he kept saying not to. I haven't taken a load of cum anywhere else since then," she said, smiling. "Well, if the guy came when I was blowing him, that is."
Dexter couldn't believe it. She'd actually sucked off her own brother! He couldn't comprehend anything else and sat there listening raptly.
"So," Jessie continued, "I would go to his room after school and practice. He was so considerate and kind. He never once asked me for one or anything. It was always on my terms and only when I wanted to." She smiled, falling quiet for second.
"Eventually," she said, "I got to be really, really good. It was getting to be near the end of my senior year and I had been without a boyfriend for a while. I knew that I was going to stay here for college, and that I'd probably find some incredible guy to be with, but I was really scared about how much it would hurt. So, I after talking with him about it, he offered to break through my hymen for me. We did so, but it only lasted for like... ten seconds and he got a little freaked out and started feeling bad."
Dexter blew a long breath out, processing. Jessie giggled and pushed Donna's head over, forcing her lips down on Dexter's shaft as she smiled and started her affectionate blowjob again, stopping only to comment, "That's pretty hot," as she did so.
Dexter groaned, pressing back into the pillow as Donna started to deliberately go faster, her hand sliding up and down his cock as she looked up at him. The story, the evening with Vicky, and Donna's incredible oral skills all caught up to him at that moment and he felt an incredibly quick buildup of his orgasm. Groaning, he burst into her mouth, causing her to squeal in surprise and then moan immediately in pleasure, whimpers of effort punctuating her wet sucking and swallowing noises as he pumped again and again into her hungry mouth. She swallowed audibly, the gulp sounding thick with his cum, and then again a second time. Whimpering in pleasure, she looked up at him and began to rub the cock around her face as it pulsed weakly a few more times, the cum flowing up and out onto her cheeks, lips and chin.
Jessie smiled and leaned over, kissing him on the cheek. "So that's who taught me how to love giving blowjobs," she said, smiling.
Dexter chuckled. "Was that the last time?" he asked, trying not to sound like he expected it to be so.
She shook her head. "Not at all," she said. "Though we kept it strictly to blowjobs after that. The last one I gave him was a few weeks before I met you," she said.
He smiled, kissing her. "That's... incredible," he said.
She smiled, then looked directly at him. "That doesn't bother you though, does it?"
He smiled and shook his head. "Like I said before baby, it was before. I have no right to judge. As long as you're okay with it, I'm okay with it."
She grinned and hugged his neck and looked down. "Clean up your mess and get out of here you tramp," she said, smiling at Donna. Grinning playfully, Donna sat up immediately and, face still covered with his goo, grabbed Jessie's face and started to passionately kiss her.
Jessie squealed but didn't protest, her lips and tongue accepting Donna's and taking what was offered.
Donna left a little bit later, apparently satisfied with the blowjob. Dexter stayed a little longer though and made sure that Jessie was okay with everything. They talked about handling Vicky. Ultimately, they decided that they would just take it as it came. Vicky would hopefully be able to warn Jessie and Dexter before she got "going" but that if she didn't, at least Dexter would let Jessie know beforehand. That part had been his demand, and Jessie had shrugged and said that it was okay if he didn't, as long as she knew about it afterward.
He smiled, knowing that he had a very understanding girlfriend and that he loved her very much.
He stood then and went to get dressed, then came back in to say goodnight.
"I'm gonna shower," she said. "It's been a long day." She leaned in and gave him a peck on the cheek, knowing that he didn't want to taste his own spunk on her lips. "See you soon?" she asked, standing and heading for her bathroom.
Dexter smiled and nodded. "Love you," he said, a second before she could. She grinned. "Donna's probably already out, so keep it down when you leave."
Nodding, he waved and shut the bathroom door as she went in. He heard the shower running and turned to leave, checking his pockets as he did so. Behind him, he heard Donna's door open and saw her standing there. Chuckling, he turned and looked. She turned around and presented her butt toward him, holding a finger over her lips as she did so.
His cock instantly swelling at the prospect of a silent fuck up against the wall, he smirked and turned. He heard the shower grow in strength and remembered Jessie thought he was leaving. He started to wave Donna off, but she must have seen what decision was being made and immediately came over, grabbing his hand and leading him to the front door.
Raising an eyebrow, he watched as she turned out the porch light before stepping out and dragging him with her. She looked around, and then up. Smiling, she waved to an older man smoking in a chair on his porch across the way. He waved back as she reached backward for Dex.
Groaning, he moved immediately up behind her and ran a hand up the front of her body, roughly grabbing one of her breasts as she reached back to stroke his cock out of his pants. Grunting, with pleasure, he felt her position herself and pull his cock down as he reached up and mauled the other breast.
"Squeeze them harder, pussy," she whispered. "I want you to fuck me like you hate me."
Dexter groaned loudly and added, "Fuck," as she forced his cock into her pussy. She groaned, then whimpered and leaned forward, held up by his rough squeezing of both of her breasts.
"Harder faggot," she whispered. Dexter was amazed at how nearly violent she was being. He squeezed both of her breasts very hard, briefly worried that he was going to hurt her, and started to fuck in and out faster.
"Fuck," he said again, biting her neck.
"Yes, harder pussy," she said. "Fucking bite me."
He bit down hard, feeling her whimper in pleasure as he did so, his hands roughly mauling, squeezing her breasts as his cock hammered in and out. He wasn't able to fuck her very well though and smiled as a sudden idea struck him.
Letting go, despite her immediate whispered protests, he reached up and grabbed a great handful of hair and grabbed, then did the same with his other hand. Pushing her head down, he began to fuck much harder into her, hearing her whimper in pleasure and moan gutturally at him.
"Oh my God, yes, baby," she begged. "Fucking destroy my pussy, please baby," she begged. He grimaced in slight pain, but just from the constant effort of fucking her. She whimpered in pleasure again, her voice high pitched and innocent.
"God, Dexter, you're going to make me cum so goddamn hard," she whispered. "I'm not going to tell Jessie either," she said. "I fucked you out here and it's going to be our little secret."
He grunted, the excitement and eroticism of what she was saying driving him wild. Still, he'd cum not too long ago, so he knew that it was more for her benefit. Her moans were quiet yet powerful, and he felt her pushing backward into him as he thrust again and again. His hands were practically yanking her body back by her hair, but she was apparently loving it.
Then, she started to cum.
Groaning a second, she quickly fell silent as she apparently lost the ability to speak. He felt her pussy contract down violently on his punishing shaft and then felt the ripple of a contraction along its great length. Again and again, she contracted down on him, still unable to speak and only managing to squeak as he continued. All at once, she whimpered louder, and he felt her body relax as he began to slow. She went limp then, and he quickly picked her up as she fought to regain her footing. Chuckling, he turned and opened the door, still hearing the shower going. Shaking his head, he moved over and pushed her onto the couch, pulling a blanket over her and quietly leaving after taking a second to put his cock away. Just before he closed the door and left, she waved him back over weakly.
"Thank you," she said, smiling and fighting to open her eyes and focus on him. She reached for him and pulled him down, kissing him weakly. "I love when you fuck me," she whispered. "Remember, don't tell Jessie."
He smirked and shook his head, then kissed her on the forehead and quickly left. Hopping into his truck, he headed home, not really sure how to process the entire surprising evening.
He couldn't believe all that had happened, barely processing any of it by the time he reached his house. He immediately went upstairs and went to bed.
The next day, Dex went to work as normal, texting Jessie a random, "I love you," so she would know that he was still okay with everything that had happened and that had been revealed.
After seeing her response, he put his phone down and went to work.
A few hours into the day, he got a visit to his cubicle from none other than Vicky. He glanced around and saw that the other techs near his desk were on the phone and had seen Chase heading back to his office a few minutes before.
She approached his desk with purpose, and he figured initially that it was work-related. She smiled as she approached and then grinned, entering into his cubicle and sliding down to the ground before crawling under his desk.
"Stand up and go out of your cubicle and see if you can see me," she said, grinning widely from in front of where his legs would be.
Dexter shook his head. "Vicky," he said, snapping his fingers. "We agreed that it would be away from work and that your husband and my girlfriend would know beforehand."
She pouted up at him, and he finally relented, stepping out of his cubicle and looking back. He paced around a little, but indeed couldn't see underneath it. Indeed, even when he was in the cubicle, she was hard to make out. The tech area was generally kept pretty dark as a rule.
She smiled and slid out, seeing that he had finished inspecting.
"I was just curious," she said, smiling at him widely. Glancing around, she looked left and then right before reaching down and pulling the front of his pants away from his stomach, then glanced in.
He sighed, shaking his head and looking down at her. "You're misbehaving," he said, raising an eyebrow.
She giggled and shrugged. "Just making sure that I won't get you in trouble," she said. "If I call you to my office all the time, it might make people suspicious."
He sighed, already able to tell that this was going to take some willpower on his part.
Without another word, she turned and started to leave. A few minutes later, he got a text from her saying, "You better be watching my butt as I leave."
He chuckled, feeling more at ease with her playfulness. "You know I was," he replied, and set about getting back to work.
Feeling tired from the long evening before and not having a lot of sleep in recent days, Dexter decided to try and sleep through lunch. He laid his chair back as much as he could and put his noise canceling headphones on before putting up a do not disturb sign on his cubicle. Sleep found him quickly, and he awoke about 45 minutes later to the alarm on his phone.
Yawning, he briefly got up and got a drink of water, then went back and sat down at his desk to start to work again.
A few seconds later, he heard a quiet whisper and looked around his work area, confused but not seeing anyone. Hearing it again, he looked down. Giggling, Vicky looked up at him from beneath his desk. She must have snuck in there while he slept, he figured. Without waiting for him to protest, he felt her hands pulling at his zipper and working his button open on his jeans. Knowing he should stop her, but not really wanting to, he sighed and reached down to push her head away. He felt her mouth encircle his finger then and groaned at the warmth as she sucked hard on it.
She quickly replaced his finger with the next one, and continued until she'd suckled on all of them, all the while freeing his cock from the confines of his pants and underwear and stroking with a purpose. Sensing that she wasn't going to be deterred, he tried a final time, backing up. His chair was immediately yanked angrily back in and he felt her turn her head to fit it in his lap to get at his cock.
"Hey man," one of the other techs that he worked with said.
Dex looked up, startled as Vicky quietly giggled, her lips kissing the side of his steadily growing erection.
"You want this down?" he asked, holding up the do not disturb sign.
Dex chuckled and nodded. "Thanks, Carl."
The tech nodded and turned, waving.
Vicky's incredible mouth sucked hard on his cock, and he was quickly swelling within its confines. Her tongue was soft and wet as she ran it along his shaft a few times before taking him back in. He felt her gently squeezing his hand with her free hand, and the other around the base of his cock. A few long strokes later, and he was at his full size, forcing himself not to groan in audible pleasure.
Her oral skills were insanely good, and he didn't know if it was because she was so good at what she was doing or the craziness of the situation. Still, she seemed almost violently trying to suck his dick, and he finally acquiesced and leaned forward a little, sliding up in his chair to give her easier access.
Hearing her shuffle underneath his desk, he saw her basically prostrating herself in front of him, both hands falling to the floor in front as she worked her head forward and backward along his length, staring up at him deliberately.
He heard a quiet groan of approval as she slurped and sucked at him, apparently not caring how much noise she made. Still, the cubicle was decently soundproof and he wasn't worried about anyone else hearing.
He felt the distinct pattern of her mouth and tongue as it slid across and around the head of his cock, sucking and kissing at it in adoration. She forced him farther inside past her lips again, her tongue darting out along the underside. Groaning loudly, she tried to force him deeper but then coughed. He looked around then, hoping that no one else had heard and reached down for her. Reluctantly, she took his hand and let him pull her out. Giving her a second to fix herself, he stood and looked around, then waved her out.
"Two minutes," he said, smiling and winking at her. Her frown immediately turned into a wide grin and she bit her bottom lip in obvious anticipation. Glancing around, she surprised him with a gentle and lingering kiss, sucking on his bottom lip as he withdrew farther than she did at first. Licking her lips seductively, she walked backward and then finally turned to head immediately to her office, an obvious spring in her step.
Dexter quickly checked the time and then signed out of the phone system, putting himself on break and standing up. Covering up his erection as best as he could, lest anyone pass him in the hallway, he immediately walked to the account manager hallway and went to Vicky's door. Knocking softly, he heard her call, "Come in," and did just that.
Stepping inside and shutting the door behind him, he was practically ambushed by the small blonde and pushed up against the door. She started to drop to her knees again, but he stopped her and lifted her up to her feet again easily. Pulling her into a deep and passionate kiss, he put a single hand on the back of her head, tangled up in her blonde hair, and the other on her cheek, pulling her to him as she whimpered in surprised pleasure.
A minute later, she broke the kiss and smiled at him sweetly, looking up into his eyes. "I'm so glad Nicole showed me that picture," she said.
He smiled and nodded. "Me too," he said, and knew immediately that he meant it.
She looked down and started to undo his pants, freeing his cock and starting to pull on it. "God," she groaned. "I see this thing and it's like... all I can do not to take it in my mouth or just impale myself on it."
He smiled, a single hand caressing her cheek. She playfully winked at him, then dropped to her knees as he was pushed back against the door. Her lips immediately found his bulbous cockhead and wrapped affectionately around it, sucking at it and playfully sliding the pre-cum around on her tongue. Giggling, she reached over briefly and grabbed her phone, then unlocked it and tossed it to him.
"My husband likes pictures of me when I misbehave," she said. "He likes to pretend it's him."
Dexter smiled, more than happy to do as she was asking. He was about to get a blowjob from the guy's wife, after all. A few pictures were a measly price to pay.
Vicky turned back, her warm mouth taking his cock back into its embrace as he opened up the camera program on the phone. She looked up seductively at him, holding the pose with her mouth locked around the tip of his cock, smiling with her eyes.
Snapping a picture, Duncan groaned and relaxed against the door for a few minutes while Vicky noisily sucked him off. He felt himself getting closer to an orgasm and wondered if Vicky would be content with just sucking his dick.
"You better slow down or I'm going to blow," he said.
She giggled. "That's the general idea," she said, not relenting. He chuckled then and made her stop.
"I want to see you," he said, surprising her.
"See me?" she asked. "Like naked?"
He smiled and nodded. "You're incredibly gorgeous. It's something I've wanted since my first day."
She blushed, moving almost shyly from one foot to the other, but then finally acquiesced and pulled off her blouse. "I don't have any boobs," she said.
Dexter had to disagree. Sure, her breasts were small, but they were perky and looked like they'd be fun to be affectionate with. She followed the blouse with her bra, and then stepped out of her pants and panties. Standing naked in front of him, she blushed as he took her in and simply stared.
"Okay, now you're just embarrassing me," she said, coming back over to him. He shook his head though, and gently pushed her shoulder down. She smiled, falling to her knees obediently in front of him.
"I was trying to take all of you earlier," she said. "That's why I coughed."
He nodded. "I know, I could feel you struggling."
She smiled. "I guess we'll just have to work at it." Leaning in, she took his cock back in her mouth as he leaned down to gently play with her breasts. Groaning, he felt her tight mouth around his girth, and felt her pushing hard down on him. He watched as she struggled harder but was unable to get any further than before.
"Here," he said, reaching down. "If you really want to do it, let me help," he offered.
She grinned widely. "I don't ever get a guy that's comfortable doing that," she said. "I've never really deepthroated a really big guy before."
He smiled. "Well, it's pretty rare thing to happen to me, but we can certainly give it a shot."
Vicky nodded emphatically and took him back in her mouth. His hand moved to the back of her head and waited until she had built up to where she'd been before.
"Slap my thigh if you need me to let you up," he said.
She nodded and seemed to brace herself.
"Relax," he added.
She nodded again, and he felt her mouth open a little. Pulling gently at first, he drove her lips down his shaft, immediately going deeper than she'd been able to on her own. He felt the warm, wet tightness of her throat enclosing his cock, and then pushed a little harder. She gently slapped his leg, and he immediately let go, her head falling back as she caught her breath before sliding back onto his shaft. He saw her look up at him, asking where his hand was, and put it back on her head.
The two built up a gentle rhythm, and he found that he was able to get her further and further each time. Her throat felt incredible, and he had to take a few breaks just to let his orgasm subside.
Finally, he pulled and pulled feeling the tight muscles of her throat squeezing pleasurably down on his shaft. She whimpered once, and he felt her head slide completely to his stomach, her nose contorting to one side as it impacted against him. She whimpered again, and he let go, but she stayed there, seemingly caught in suspended animation. Her hands were tight against his legs, pulling her tight against him. Her throat felt insanely good, and she seemed to want to keep him there as long as she could.
Eventually though, her need for air won out and she extracted him, gasping as she looked up, smiling.
Dexter immediately grinned and helped her up as she hugged him. "You did it," he said, grinning.
She smiled. "I didn't want to stop. It was like, I needed to stay down as long as I could." He smiled and nodded. "Promise we can work on it again?" she asked.
He smiled nodding. Leaning down, he kissed her again. "Do we need to get a picture of that for Eric?" he asked.
She shook her head. "Another time," she said. "I'll finish you off real quick and let you get back to work."
Dexter smiled, seeing her about to fall to her knees again, he glanced at his watch.
Smiling, he lifted her back up to her feet and then surprising her by picking her up completely. She giggled, her eyes lighting up as she realized what he intended. Spinning around he gently pushed her up against the door and leaned in to kiss her. Her face was still a little messed up from the enthusiastic cock-sucking that she'd been doing, but he didn't mind.
"You ready?" he asked, wriggling his pants down as he rested her up against the door in front of him.
She smiled and looked up, seemingly so small and fragile in his arms. She didn't look at all like the bossy confident account manager that he knew from before. Nodding, she closed her eyes in anticipation.
Slowly, he slid her down a bit until he felt the tip of his cock push against her thigh. He saw her drop one hand down below her and reposition him, his cock pushing against the folds of her incredibly hungry pussy. He felt how wet she was, and knew that he'd have no problem sliding in.
Ever-so-gently, he let her slide down a little at a time, his cock pushing apart her lips until he'd finally entered her. The tight flesh of her pussy gripped his cock fiercely and caused her to open her eyes wide and look up at him. Her flesh was pulling and squeezing all at once, wrapping his shaft in an affectionate hug as she stared at him, wide-eyed. A final whimper and she was finally all the way down his cock, her expression still one of surprise.
Leaning in, she kissed him deeply, her arms holding his head tight and crushing his lips against hers. He felt wetness on his cheek, and opened his eye, seeing a tear sliding down her face. He leaned back then, his cock sliding all the way inside of her as she pulled him back to kiss him again, another tear sliding from her other eye.
"Are you okay?" he asked, mid-kiss
She smiled and nodded. "I'm just... happy," she said, whimpering in pleasure. "It's not often that I get treated so gently and carefully by a guy with such a big dick," she said.
Dexter still wasn't completely convinced but didn't have much choice as he was currently completely inside of her. Turning, he lifted her over to her desk and laid her down on top of the papers there. She giggled, but that quickly turned to a groan as he slid out and then back in. Reaching for her phone, she unlocked it again and turned on the camera again. She seemed to be filming it for a few seconds, and then she set it down again.
Dexter smiled, sliding deeply in and then out again, feeling her happiness flowing through him, despite her continued tears. Her pussy was incredibly tight, and she was obviously close to having an orgasm. She sat up then, and forced him out of her, then pushed him back into a chair. Straddling him, she quickly slid her pussy back down on him, shivering as he slid completely inside.
Groaning, she managed to slide up and down around ten times, before she almost desperately started to kiss him, pulling his arms around her. Sensing that she wanted to be held, he pulled tight and felt her start to orgasm. He felt warm tears hitting his cheeks again, and heard her softly crying, punctuating a near constant stream of whimpered moans every few seconds. Her lips and hands were still clutching and kissing him the entire time, almost like she was thankful.
A long time passed as she gently gyrated up and down on him, her head laying against his and her tears gently flowing. Finally, she stopped and looked up at him, her eyes red from crying, and her face red from cumming. She shivered in pleasure, giggling and clutching desperately at him.
"Are you sure you're okay?" he asked.
She smiled and nodded. "Thank you, Dexter," she said, kissing him again. "Thank you for being so sweet and caring. It's been a very long time since I've had someone be as gentle with me as my husband. Thank you for making our first time incredible."
He smiled, feeling like he'd done a service. She sighed happily. "Are you sure you don't need to get back to work?" she asked.
He chuckled and looked at the time. It had been 30 minutes already. "I probably should," he admitted.
She frowned. "Can I make you cum real quick then? I can lick your ass or stick my finger up there while I blow you," she said, smiling sweetly at him and looking like that was a perfectly normal thing to say.
He coughed in surprise and laughed, shaking his head.
"Never done that?" she asked, grinning at him. "We'll have to work up to it then," she said, giggling.
"I'm okay," he said. "Unless me cumming is part of what you want, then I can just save it up for my girlfriend tonight."
She smiled. "As long as you don't get blue balls," she said, winking. "Oh, do you have your phone?" she asked, smiling widely as an idea sprang to mind.
He nodded and fished out of his pants.
"Open it and let me see," she said.
Curious as to what she wanted to do, he did as she asked. First, she took her own phone and sent something to him. Then, he saw her change the contact photo on his phone to the one with his dick in her mouth. Giggling, she turned and showed him.
"Now I can just text you whenever I want to get you hard," she said, laughing. He laughed with her for a few seconds before she looked at him again. "You sure you don't need to cum, lover?"
He smiled and shook his head. "Not having orgasms isn't necessarily a bad thing," he said. "It keeps me horny."
"Plus, there's edging to consider too," she pointed out. He didn't know what that was and looked at her confused.
"Oh honey," she said, snickering quietly at him. "I've got so much to teach you and Jessie."
Dexter chuckled and shrugged, letting it go. For about 15 more minutes, she stayed right where she was, gently rocking back and forth and talking with him. The whole time they spoke, she kissed him affectionately and stroked his hands, face, and shoulders with her fingers. Finally, she slid off him and got dressed as he did.
After getting dressed again, she came over to him, kissed him deeply a final time and thanked him a half dozen more before finally letting him go. As he walked back to his own side of the building, he turned and saw her staring at him longingly from her office doorway, waving sweetly as he turned the corner.
He went to the bathroom then and got cleaned up, washing his cock off in the sink and drying it with paper towels so that he didn't have sticky-dick all day. Memories of her tight pussy sliding up and down on him and her gentle cries of pleasure filled his mind. He kept thinking about how incredibly delicate and vulnerable she felt and looked, and how powerful her orgasm had looked.
Smiling, he looked down as his phone buzzed. Vicky's lips around his dick popped up, and he laughed, unlocking it to read the message.
It read:
"Dexter
I'm sure you hear this a lot, but that truly was the best sex I've ever had. Thank you from the bottom of my heart, for taking your time and being so sweet and gentle with me. Even if that was the last time we get, I'll never forget it and I'll be forever grateful.
Vicky"
He smiled, reading the message a few times before he finally put his phone away and got back to work.
*****
Jessie
The next morning, Jessie awoke to find that Donna had already gone to her summer class. A little disappointed that she didn't get to say good morning, she went about her day as normal. Her day too, proved to be a little disappointing. The boss was out of the office so she didn't really have anything to do.
Taylor let her leave, so she went over to Don and Dexter's to clean up. Don wasn't there, so Jessie went home after she was finished, feeling sorry for herself that she didn't get any attention or get to tease and flirt with Don at all. That evening, Donna came back from work and they watched a movie together. She thought about going to see Dex, but she sensed that her roommate was missing John, so she tried to be extra affectionate with her and stayed home.
Several times, she texted Dexter and spoke to him once on the phone, but for the most part, she simply sat with her roommate. Laying on the couch, Donna's head on her shoulder and her arm around her, they watched a bunch of reality shows that Donna loved and then went to bed in their own rooms.
Thursday morning Donna was gone again, and Jessie went to work but found that it was much the same as the day before and went home early. Still, she couldn't contain her excitement at the prospect of what she was going to be doing today, and that only seemed to cause the day to drag on even longer.
Finally, she was able to leave work and drove immediately to the tattoo place that she'd chosen after doing extensive research. All the local reviews said that the artists there were wonderful and would treat her right. It wasn't exactly on the bad side of town, but it wasn't in the nicest area either, so she parked and locked the car before quickly heading inside.
The first thing she noticed after entering was the thousands and thousands of pictures and drawings of things that people had had tattooed on themselves. She started to peruse the art, going over and looking at the wall and moving around the room to look at all the examples.
A curtain was pulled aside, drawing her attention, and she saw an older man step through and look over to her. He looked like he was a biker, or maybe a Vietnam Vet, as his arms were covered with tattoos. A younger man came through behind him and smiled. He was more attractive than the older guy, Jessie saw, and had lots of piercings to go along with his tattoos.
"Hello there," the older man said, sitting down on a chair and smiling at her. She smiled back and greeted him as the younger man sat in a lower chair behind him and opened a magazine.
"I'm looking to get a tattoo," Jessie said.
"Okay. Do you know what you want?" the older man asked.
She nodded but then shrugged.
"I've been thinking about getting Dexter's Pussy tattooed right above here," she said, pointing down to the spot she wanted it. "But I've had reservations about that."
Still looking at him, she noticed a wry smile creep up on the man's face, which then turned into a short laugh.
"I certainly don't recommend getting someone's name on you," he said. "Tattoos aren't easy to remove, and you can't tell the future."
"Oh, I know! You're so right! I know that I have to be smart about it. I mean... I certainly hope Dexter and I are together forever, but who can tell, you know?" she asked excitedly and talking fast. "Plus, he might not like having his name on me, since he's such a nice guy and all. What he knows for sure though, is that I'm a complete and total slut when it comes to having sex, so maybe I can do something else."
"Really?" the older man asked.
She smiled, seeing the younger man look up and smile.
The older man chuckled again, obviously finding something humorous about the fact that she loved sex, though she didn't know what it could possibly be. "Well, maybe we can do something sexual like that. Is there anything in particular you like to do along the lines of what you're thinking? Or, maybe you can show us where you want it and we can talk about some options." He looked up at her as he spoke.
"Oh my goodness, yes!" she said, coming up to stand in front of him at the counter. She looked around and made sure there was no one else in the building, then started to unbutton the top button of her shorts to show him where she wanted to get the tattoo.
"I tell you what," the older man said, holding up a hand and stopping her from showing him. "Why don't we go ahead and get the preliminary stuff out of the way and we can discuss exactly what we're going to do when we've finished with the formalities."
She grinned. "That sounds great!" she said, grinning widely.
A little while later, she'd finished hearing the speech about safety and the standards the business was forced to adhere to. She happily proved that she was twenty years old by showing them her driver's license, and then he asked if she wanted a female present while they were doing the tattoo.
She declined of course, wondering why he'd been forced to ask such silly question. She was certain that he was a professional, after all she'd heard as much from the online reviews of the place. She certainly didn't need a girl to talk to or anything and could probably find something to talk about with him, even though he was pretty old!
He led her back into the room behind the curtain that the two men had emerged from and gestured toward a funny-looking chair in the middle of the room. She smiled and sat down, getting comfortable.
"So, just tattoos then?" he asked. "The pincushion up front is a top-notch professional piercer," he said.
Jessie smiled. "I was really thinking about piercing my nipples too," she admitted. "I don't know though. It seems really scary."
"Yo, Stevie," the man called out loudly. A few seconds later, the younger man came back and cocked his head inquisitively at the older man. "Jessie is it?" he asked before continuing after she nodded, "if you don't mind, let's let Stevie take a look at you and see if you've got nipples he can work with," he said. She smiled and nodded immediately.
Turning, he grinned at the young man who she thought might have winked back but couldn't be sure.
Jessie smiled, more than happy to let them see her without her top on. She sat up without a second thought and quickly stripped out of her blouse and bra, then sat back down.
Both men moved closer, as Stevie began inspecting her breasts closely. She smirked and then giggled, causing her breasts to bounce enticingly.
A warm hand reached up and grasped her breast, startling her a bit. She looked down and saw the younger man with his palm flat on her breast. He didn't look like he was playing with it though, as he was holding it very still and not squeezing and fondling like most people did. She figured it was some piercing technique to check for something, as it didn't look like he was really into what he was currently doing and looked more like he was concentrating on what he felt.
Lifting his hand, he watched as her nipple responded. He frowned for a second, and then reached down again, pinching it between his thumb and forefinger. She groaned quietly, closing her eyes and pressing back against the seat as a small wave of pleasure swam through her, emanating from her squeezed nipple.
"Nice response," Stevie said. He looked up as she opened her eyes and looked down. "Sensitive?" he asked.
She smiled and nodded emphatically. "Very," she said.
He smiled. "I'd actually recommend them then," he told her, squeezing and rolling her nipple in his fingers. He turned and proceeded to do the same tests to her other breasts, and she turned slightly so that he had a little bit better access. "They're lots of fun during sex. I speak from experience."
"I don't know many guys that want me to do anything with their nipples," she said, smiling as he moved both hands up to squeeze both nipples at the same time, looking from one to the other and nodding thoughtfully.
"A lot of guys don't have sensitive nipples, but I'm certainly not one of them," he said. "When my girlfriend and I are together, she knows that my nipple rings drive me nuts."
Jessie smiled, imagining Dexter pulling on them and causing her to go crazy. "I'll definitely think about it," she said, smiling.
"Excellent," he said, smiling at her. "If you have questions or want to see mine, I can hang out for a bit. "Actually...," he said, before disappearing up front for a few seconds and then returning. "I went ahead and locked up," he said.
The older man nodded, not looking at him. Jessie didn't think much of it. She assumed that with both of them potentially busy, they had no one to watch the front counter. It seemed logical and she smiled as Stevie took a seat near the one she was in.
"Okay sweetheart, go ahead and show me the area that we're going to be working on," the older man said.
Jessie looked down, curious as to how to proceed, but then had a smart idea pop into her head. "How about I just strip down to my panties?" she asked, smiling innocently and hoping the suggestion would be helpful.
The tattooist thought for a second, his fingers rubbing against his chin pensively. "Unless you can get the shorts down far enough for me to see where we're going to be working, then I guess that might be best," he said after a few seconds. "Unless you're not comfortable with that," he added after a moment.
She smiled, sliding from the chair. She briefly considered putting her top back on, but then shrugged and looked down to start pulling off her shorts. It wasn't like they hadn't seen her breasts already, and with her still considering the piercings, she figured that Stevie might want to check them if she thought of other questions.
The button slipped out of the catch on her shorts as she pulled it, and the zipper slid down just as easily. Turning so she didn't lean over and hit the older man in the head, she pointed her butt toward him instead and slid the shorts down to her ankles. Stepping out, she bent down and picked up the pair of shorts before turning around and letting him see her in her underwear.
He peered down and then pointed. "You want it here then?" he asked, gesturing to a spot a few inches above her pubic bone on the soft skin of her stomach. She smiled and shrugged.
"I was thinking a little bit lower so my bikini can hide it when I want to."
He nodded. "If that's the case, then I think we might have to lose your britches too," he said, gesturing toward her panties. "Would that be okay?"
She smiled and nodded. "Of course!" she said, happily sliding them off as well and laying them on a nearby table with her shorts. Turning back around, she smiled a thank you at the older man as he laid a towel down on the chair that she was about to sit in.
"So, your rear doesn't stick to the plastic," he explained, seeing her curious look.
She smiled and nodded, taking her seat again. He moved around her then and laid the back of the chair down a bit, her legs moving upward as the separate footrests came up. He clicked a bar into place and the chair stopped moving backward, then came around and pulled her feet apart a little. After a few adjustments, he was happy with where he had her, and had pulled his own chair up between her legs, face to face with the lower part of her stomach.
"Okay," he said. "So, tell me what types of things you enjoy about sex."
She smiled and looked up at him as he prepared his tools.
"God, where do I start?" she asked. "Well, I've honestly only been with one guy if you're talking about actually have sex, like... for real, and that's my boyfriend, Dex. Plus, I don't really consider blowjobs as real sex, so by my strict definition, I'm not that much of a slut. Still though," she said, cocking her head, "I've sucked a lot of cocks, so I guess I would be pretty experienced in that way."
"You like giving blowjobs?" the older man asked. He glanced over and chuckled at the younger guy, still seated in his chair and still listening.
She grinned and nodded emphatically. "God, I love giving them! The first guy that showed me really let me take my time and get to know him, you know? Plus, he was really encouraging and let me know how good I was, so that really helped. We played around so much and that's how I learned to get really good at sucking a cock. Plus, I absolutely love when I can feel a guy get close and then cum in my mouth." She squealed in pleasure and shivered, her head filled with images of cocks of all sizes filling her mouth with their warm, yummy cum. "It gets me wet just thinking about it," she said, smiling widely.
"So, did you want to put something about blowjobs on there?" he asked. "Blowjob queen maybe?" he offered.
She thought for a second and shook her head. "I mean, that really describes me, but I want something a little dirtier."
"How about Sex Toy?" he offered. She immediately smiled and nodded. "That's awesome!" She frowned though, and added "Actually I like it, but it feels like something you could put somewhere I don't really have to hide. I want something really dirty so that when I have sex with my boyfriend or my roommate, they both see it and get turned on!"
He nodded his smile widening for some reason. "Well, how about you put Sex Toy up here somewhere," he said, pointing to her chest.
She smiled and nodded emphatically. "I like that idea," she said, grinning widely.
"You pick a spot then," he said.
She looked down and chose a spot on her left breast, the perky orb sitting proudly atop her chest.
For the next few minutes he drew the text on a piece of paper, then changed it up a little when she wanted it to look a little different. Then, he transferred the words to her breast and let her see what it looked like with a mirror before he actually applied the ink.
Grinning, she nodded, and he set to work. After a painful half hour, he finished, and she looked down and smiled. "I really love it!" she said. "That's so sexy! What do you think?" she asked looking at the two.
The older man smiled and nodded, and Stevie grinned and leaned over to get a closer look. "It's pretty sexy," he confirmed.
"Alright," the older man said. "Now to the main event."
Jessie grinned as he came back around to slide his chair between her legs. She saw him briefly glance down to her pussy, but then look higher at the spot she wanted the tattoo.
"I'm still thinking about what it should say," she said, shrugging.
The older man nodded, then looked lost in thought for a few minutes.
"You said you love swallowing cum," Stevie said after a few minutes. "How about Cumslut?"
Jessie grinned widely and nodded. "That's so totally me!" she said excitedly. The younger guy smiled at her infectious bubbliness.
The older man started to work on drawing the words and showed Jessie his idea. She smiled and nodded as she saw the letters looked like they were made of cum.
"So how many tattoos do you have?" she asked a few minutes later as he started on her tattoo. She smiled and looked down at the older man that was intently staring just above her pussy. He was very close, obviously having to be that close for the tattoo work. She shivered slightly as she realized that she could feel his warm breath blowing across her sex. Sometimes, she felt him brush ever so slightly against the top edge of her pussy, his wrist resting on her mound. She tried to control her arousal, hoping that she wasn't making a mess on his towel.
"I've lost count by now," he said honestly. "Twenty or so."
They talked a little while longer while he kept working, giving Jessie a break when the pain got to be too much at one point. She quickly recovered though, and eventually looked over at the younger guy. She saw him look away politely.
"Oh Stevie, don't be shy. I'm an exhibitionist at heart! You can look all you want!"
Stevie smiled. "I can dig that," he said, his eyes dropping unabashedly down to her breasts. Without looking up, he asked, "What do you think about the piercings in your nipples?"
She smiled, quiet as she thought about the idea. "Well, Dexter's dad paid for the gifts I wanted to give him, so I do have money to spend," she said.
She asked the older man how much this was going to total with and without the piercings, and she quickly decided to hold off on getting them done.
"Okay," he said. "Well, if you change your mind, let me know." He didn't move, and she smiled as he looked back down at what Tony was doing, then snickered quietly as his eyes started to roam.
"So, what's the weirdest place you've pierced?" she asked suddenly, trying to focus on something else other than the fat part of Tony's hand that was resting ever-so-gently against her mound. Him being so close to her sex was definitely having an effect on her.
"I've pierced a few assholes before," Stevie said. "A decent number of clits and cocks, but most places are pretty weird if you think about it."
"What about you yourself? Where's somewhere weird that you're pierced?" she asked, looking up at him.
He chuckled. "I've got a piercing in the head of my cock," he replied, thinking for a second.
"Oh my!" she said, giggling. "Can your girlfriend even give you head?"
He chuckled. "Absolutely," he replied. "You have to clean it better than normal, but yeah, it's not that big of a deal."
"Oh, can I see it?" she asked, genuinely curious as to what a penis-head piercing would look like. He looked up at her face in surprise. She smiled sweetly. "I'm sure people ask all the time. I've just never seen anything like that."
He glanced over briefly at the older man and shrugged. "I guess that's okay," he said, shrugging and nodding at her. "Do you want to leave the room Tony?" he asked, looking over at the tattooist.
Tony shrugged. "I ain't gonna be lookin' at that shit," he said, drawing a laugh from Jessie.
The heavily pierced young man stood and unzipped his black jeans, pulling out his semi-erect penis and basically presenting it to Jessie. He stood close to her chair, and the organ was a little above eye-level for her and maybe a foot away.
"Sorry about the erection," he said, smiling curiously at her.
She shrugged. "I'm an exhibitionist, remember? I'd probably be upset if you didn't have one."
He chuckled and looked back down as she stared as his steadily growing erection.
She grinned and looked on in wide-eyed amazement. "You've got a decently sized cock," she commented, leaning in and looking at the head. "But I guess you kind of have to for a piercing."
He shrugged. "I've had smaller guys want their dicks pierced. Bigger ones too. Size doesn't really matter in that respect."
"And you don't mind having to touch another dick?" she asked. "I mean, I know how much I love doing it, but I don't expect that you're like that."
He chuckled. "Well, it's not I'm just holding on to his dick or anything. I have on sterile gloves." He talked a little more, but she was still slightly obsessed with the dick in front of her and stopped listening. She briefly wondered if Dexter would ever get one, then got curious what it would be like to give head to someone who had a cock pierced. Resisting the sudden impulse to find out, she settled for a different approach.
Not really thinking too much about what she was doing, she reached up and grabbed onto the shaft of his cock and stroked his warm flesh for a few seconds, but then realized what she had done and let go.
"I'm sorry!" she said, looking up at him in alarm. "I just forget that I can't act on my impulses sometimes. Do you mind?"
He shrugged, looking down and not moving. "You're welcome to inspect it as much as you want. Maybe your boyfriend will let you buy him one."
She grinned. "That might be fun!" she said. Reaching up, she gripped the shaft of his cock again, gently stroking as she looked at the tip and the stud there. He helpfully moved closer to her head so that she didn't have to lean over, and she grinned up at him briefly.
The piercing was definitely something she had never seen before. She wondered how he possibly had sex and what it was like when he orgasmed. Giggling, she briefly considering stroking him faster on the off-chance he was a quick cummer so that she could see what it looked like, but then figured that she'd just take her time since Tony was concentrating on her tattoo and she loved doing what she was doing so much. She figured that if he came, then he came. That was kind of the point of paying even the slightest attention to a guy's cock anyway, at least in her estimation.
"That's really neat," she said, running her thumb over the head as he spoke and causing him to groan as a dollop of pre-cum oozed forth. Smiling, she ran her palm one time over the cock-head to spread it out a bit so it wouldn't drip on the floor or anything. She felt the gooey substance spread out over his cock as she stroked and knew that it probably felt pretty good.
"Wow," she said. "That's so cool." Looking down, she saw that Tony had nearly finished and was just touching up a few last bits. After he was satisfied, he picked up a mirror and held it so that she could see what it looked like.
"Awesome!" she said. "That's so perfect!" He chuckled and went back to finishing the last few little bits.
"Okay gorgeous," the older man said. "Just sit like that for a few minutes and relax."
She smiled. "So, what about you?" she asked, looking at the older man. "Do you have a piercing in your dick?"
He chuckled and shook his head. "Not a chance."
"He totally does," Stevie said, making Jessie giggle and look back over. The older man rolled his eyes. "See, he does. He just doesn't want to admit it."
He shook his head. "I don't," he said, shrugging. "Do I need to prove it?"
Jessie grinned and looked back over at Stevie.
"Well, old man, I'm not gonna believe you and neither is Jessie here if you don't," he said.
Jessie wasn't stupid. She knew that the younger man was trying to fool around with her and probably felt like the older guy needed to have some flirty fun as well! She grinned back at Tony, looking for his response.
Giggling, she watched as he sighed almost irritably and began to unzip his pants. Reaching in, he pulled out a dick just about the same size as her Dexter's and presented it to her, standing on the other side, opposite of Stevie.
"Oh my goodness!" she said. "You're almost as big as my boyfriend!"
She reached forward again without thinking and grabbed his thick shaft, stroking and admiring the length and girth. Her thumb passed over the fat head of the cock and brushed a thick drop of pre-cum around the hole and then across the mushroom. Her mouth watering, she briefly forgot that she was stroking a stranger and started to lean forward to take him into her mouth.
"Oh, sorry," she said, giggling again. She sat back, her hand still stroking and admiring the large cock. She looked right and saw that Stevie had pulled his out again. Giggling, she took it into her hand again and stroked, comparing the size of the two and admiring the fact that they both had pretty substantial dicks.
"Both of you are so hard," she said, giggling and feeling the tension she felt in both blood-filled organs as she squeezed and stroked.
They didn't respond, so she looked up at Stevie's face. His eyes were closed as she stroked him, and she figured he must be getting close. Giggling, she finally relinquished her hold on them, knowing she better start to behave herself.
Groaning, Tony looked down at her expectantly.
She smiled. "I better behave myself," she said, frowning. "I tend to get myself into troublesome situations sometimes. I'm okay with you jerking off, though, if you need to. My boss does it all the time."
Tony seemed to accept that with a grin and started to feverishly stroke himself, moving closer and closer to her face. She giggled and pushed his cock away as he pushed it against her cheek a few times, grinning down at her as he did so. She fought the urge to just let him fuck her mouth and looking up at him and shaking her head playfully.
Stevie groaned suddenly. She felt the tip of his cock push against her stomach as he leaned over, still stroking. Streams of cum came out and she cheered quietly for him, feeling the warmth of his gift as it hit the soft flesh of her stomach.
Tony wasn't quite there though, and she giggled and looked up as he continued to stroke, still inches away from her face. She wondered if he intended to just shoot it into her cheek, but then giggled when he grabbed her face and turned it toward him. The fat head of his cock pushed against her lips, and she fought hard to control the urge to open it and accept the beautiful thing into her mouth. She forced the thought of how delicious his cum would taste from her mind and giggled, looking up at him as he pushed at her lips again and again. She could taste the pre-cum from his cock-head as he pushed again and again against her soft lips, and she figured it must have been forced through.
Groaning, he pushed a final time against her wet lips, leaving a trail of sticky clear goo before he finally stepped back and stroked a final time, long streams of cum arcing out and landing halfway across her body, making a crisscross pattern of spunk with Stevie's cum on her tummy.
Giggling, she watched as the older tattoo artist finished cumming, and then leaned down to kiss her sweetly on the forehead.
"Aww," she said, smiling up as he turned and started to put his cock away. "That was a sweet kiss."
He chuckled. "Well, you're a sweet girl," he responded, breathing heavily. "This is definitely a first."
She smiled back at him and looked around, then thanked Stevie as he offered her a clean towel. Tony pointed out the bathroom, and she quickly went and cleaned up the mess the two had made. When she came back the two were dressed completely again, so she went and sat back down on the chair.
"Now that you can concentrate," she said, "are you finished with the tattoo?"
Tony smiled and nodded. After wrapping both tattoos up, a few minutes of discussion followed about taking care of them, what she would need to buy, and how often she would need to clean it.
"It's been a blast," Tony said, smiling and helping her to her feet. She nodded in agreement and quickly got dressed, not putting on her bra for fear of agitating her new tattoo.
"We'll give you a pretty good discount," the older man said a few minutes later. "It's not everyone that lets us do that."
Jessie frowned. "Do what?" She started to wonder if they'd done something wrong or taken a shortcut on the tattoo work.
"The orgasms," Tony said, smirking and looking at her confused.
She grinned widely as it dawned on her. "Oh, that! That was just harmless fun! That was no big deal."
"Well, come back anytime you want," he said with a wide laugh.
She winked and handed him a wad of bills, much less than she'd anticipated on paying.
Smiling, she waved and went to her car, excited to show Dexter his birthday gift but a little sad that she had to wait another week to do so. She wondered how she was going to keep it a secret. She frowned when she realized that she was going to have to abstain and let Donna take care of him if she wanted him to be surprised.
She frowned more then, wondering just how horny she was going to be when the time finally came to show him her tattoo. Sighing, she quickly drove home and showed Donna what she'd done.
"Wow," she said, grinning and laughing. "I love them! Dex and John both are going to get a kick out of them."
Jessie giggled and nodded, then quickly texted Erin and told her.
The next couple of days, Jessie didn't have to worry about staving off Dexter's sexual advances. He'd been busy at work with a project, and she'd even gone up to take him dinner at one point and saw that he'd been busy at work in his cute little cubicle. She'd offered to give him a blowjob, but he shook his head and smiled, giving her a kiss before walking her back out and returning to work.
He'd told her that the very next day after the two of them had gone to dinner with Vicky and her husband Eric, that Vicky had snuck into the very same cubicle and sucked his dick while he slept, or something to that effect. She'd giggled relentlessly as she thought about it, wishing that he'd taken a video of the act. She had him send her Vicky's contact info, and playfully sent a scolding message about trying to steal her man. Vicky saw through it though, and the two quickly became fast friends through texts.
Without a second's hesitation, she invited Vicky and Eric both to Dexter's party and made sure to let them know that it was clothing optional. Vicky said that she and Eric would be happy to come if they were free.
After assuring her that she was fine with Vicky having sex with Dexter up at work, Jessie had told her that she was actually really glad that it seemed to have leveled her out for the week. Vicky had said that she had been able to concentrate so much better after Dexter had taken care of her needs, and she'd been espousing his soft and gentle lovemaking over and over again. Jessie was so very proud of him and told him when she saw him for lunch on Friday.
The weekend came, and she spent part of Saturday up at her work. She hoped that she would get to take care of Mr. Murphy again, but he didn't seem to need it yet and they actually did boring work instead.
After that, she and Donna went shopping, and then she went over to Dexter's for a lazy movie night. Ending the evening with a quick blowjob, she happily swallowed his load and then went home. She'd been able to stave off his sexual advances at least that much and figured that doing so again the next week wouldn't be that difficult. Still, though, she was definitely getting more and more turned on as time passed.
Sunday, she spent cleaning the apartment and doing laundry. That took the better part of the day, as she always insisted on doing Donna and John's laundry as well. It was just better that way, and she knew that it was done correctly when she did it.
Dexter came over on Sunday afternoon, and Jessie finally told him that she had a surprise for him, but that he wasn't allowed to see her naked until the party. He'd been confused, but then shrugged with a smile. She offered to give him a blowjob, but he declined, saying that he would be happy to wait for the real thing. Still, Donna wasn't off-limits and immediately attacked him when she emerged from her shower.
Jessie giggled, watching the two and staving off their advances and attempts to get her to join them while they fucked on the living room floor. Though she was able to hold out, it was still hard as hell to resist sliding to the floor and sucking her boyfriend's gorgeous cock while he lay there panting during a break in the action.
After the intense, hour-long sex session, Donna went to bed, and Jessie pulled Dex into her bedroom to spoon and sleep, making sure to keep enough clothes on to hide her surprise.
The first four days of the week flew by, as she was busy with so much stuff. First, she was doing research on fun, naughty party games they could play at Dexter's birthday bash and she already had a bunch of great ideas to work with.
Next, she worked on the party details themselves, and set about getting decorations and things ready to go. She spoke at length with Don about him cooking, and he assured her that he would be ready to help out however she needed.
After that, she made sure to confirm with people whether they were coming or not. As it was, she had a hard confirmation from Donna, Eric, Vicky, Erin, Alec, Ronnie and his date, Blake and Sandy, and Don and Dexter of course. Taylor had politely declined, letting her know that public nudity wasn't really her thing. Even though Jessie stressed that it wasn't a nude party, just a clothing optional party, Taylor still said no thanks.
Once she had the count of guests, she and Don went to get the food and alcoholic drinks that would be needed, and true to Jessie's nature, she got way more than was needed. Still, she didn't know how many extra people might show up, and she definitely wanted them to have something to eat and drink should they attend.
Once she finally had everything she needed, having spent four evenings that week doing so, she still had work to deal with.
Her boss was still perving on her, of course and had verified that she wasn't wearing panties by having her hold up her skirt in his office, but for the most part he'd been very busy with some big case.
Dexter had been busy with his own stuff at work and when she'd told him they had to abstain until his birthday, he'd picked up a few other things to do. On Wednesday, he let her know that Vicky had come by his cubicle after work and sucked him off before heading home to her husband. Jessie had been glad that he'd been taken care of and had started to feel like she'd been neglecting him.
The week had been full of things that she'd had to get done, but for the most part it was boring and there was no sex or flirting with anyone at all. That hadn't happened for Jessie since she'd turned 18, she realized Friday evening as she put decorations together. Dexter was still at work finishing up his last bit of stuff but was expecting to be home relatively soon.
"Well, I finally did it," Don said, smiling. "I asked if she wanted to go to dinner sometime."
Jessie grinned and stood, smiling as she bounced over to him and practically tackled him with a hug. "Oh, Don, I'm so proud of you!" Elated that he'd actually committed to a date with the woman he'd been messaging, she enthusiastically kissed him on the mouth, surprising him and causing him to chuckle as she broke the kiss a few seconds later.
"That's so awesome!" she said, giggling happily. "When are you guys gonna go out?" she asked.
He smiled. "Next week sometime. We haven't really nailed down the day."
Jessie grinned. "Well, be sure and let me know. I'll make sure you look great and know exactly what to say and do."
Don smiled and brought her in for a hug. "Thank you, Jessie," he said, uncharacteristically calling her by her real name and not spitfire. "You've been such a wonderful addition to my son's life, and I can't thank you enough for all the help you've given me."
She smiled widely and kissed him again, playfully letting it linger for a few seconds before whispering a quiet, "You're welcome, papa."
He chuckled, shaking his head.
The rest of the evening, the two went about setting up what early decorations they could and were joined a little later by Dexter.
"It looks great babe," he said, smiling as she finished. Don chuckled and patted his son on the back.
"Thanks. I'd be much more happy to see you but I've just been run ragged this week."
Dexter smiled and kissed her anyway. "I know, honey. You've gone above and beyond."
"I appreciate you not being upset that we haven't had time to have sex," Jessie said, taking a decoration from Don's hand, then walking over and attaching it to part of the fence. "I'm totally up for sucking your cock if you need to get off though," she said, smiling widely.
Dexter laughed and glanced over at his dad. Jessie looked as well, wondering what the joke was, but then shrugged and went back to work.
"I'll be okay. I can wait until we get time and you recuperate," he said.
After another twenty or so minutes, Jessie had to call it quits and gave both Dexter and Don a goodnight kiss before heading home. After taking a shower, she climbed into bed and let sleep mercifully take her.
The next morning, she awoke a little later than normal, quietly scolding herself and trudging naked to the kitchen. She quietly started a pot of coffee for Donna, and then went to use the bathroom.
Coming back a few minutes later, she started to make herself some breakfast. "Donna," she called, wondering if her roommate was there. "You want breakfast?" she yelled.
There was a muffled response from Donna's room that she took to mean yes and started to crack eggs into the bowl before pulling out the bacon. The door opened to Donna's room, but Jessie didn't turn around, finishing pulling out strips of bacon from the package as she stood nude in the kitchen.
"Don't forget about Dex's party this afternoon," she said. "3:00."
Donna padded quietly up behind her, obviously trying to be sneaky.
"I hear you," Jessie said, giggling as her roommate wrapped her arms around her. Warm hands roughly groped her breasts, and Jessie giggled and sighed in pleasure. The hands moved down then, and she felt Donna rub her fingers through Jessie's sparse thatch of pubic hair, then roughly slide inside. Realizing then how coarse the fingers were that were assaulting her, Jessie glanced behind her and saw John's smiling face.
"John!" she said, grinning and spinning around. "You're back!"
He smiled widely and nodded. "Back a few days early, but just in time for a shindig I hear?"
Jessie giggled and nodded, smiling widely at him. "My baby is turning 21," she said happily. "I put together a clothing optional party and invited some folks. You going to be able to make it?" she asked, grinning.
John smiled and nodded. "Of course!" he said. His eyes dropped to her breasts then and he smiled widely. "Nice!" he said, admiring her new tattoo for a moment.
"Thanks," she said. "Don't tell Dex though! It's his birthday gift. I also got him this," she said, looking down and arching her hips forward and showing her other tattoo, scrawled in cum-letters and saying, Cumslut.
"Now that's fuckin' sexy," John confirmed. "I bet the big sonofabitch will love it."
He dropped to his knees then and inspected it for a few seconds before he stood again.
"So, how are you guys?" he asked.
As he spoke, Jessie spun back around and giggled as he came close and started to maul her breasts but sweetly being careful and avoiding her still sensitive and healing tattoo.
"God, we're so good," she said, sighing happily. "Donna has been missing you something fierce," she said.
"Yeah, she's been going on and on about it in texts," he confirmed. "We made up for half of the night," he said. "I'm surprised you didn't hear us."
She shrugged, feeling his finger slide much more delicately into her pussy again as she started to stir the eggs. Whimpering, she smiled and turned her head to the side to kiss his cheek in appreciation for the attention he was showing her.
"I was beat from work and getting ready for the party," she said. "I'm not at all surprised I didn't hear you. I mean, jeez, look at the time. I practically slept until noon!"
"Jess, it's 9:30 you goober," he said.
"Exactly!" she said, shaking her head.
"Oh, by the way, thank you so much for organizing that video for me. I need to thank Dexter properly," he said.
"He's not gay, John," Jessie said, giggling as he laughed and swatted her playfully on the rump with his free hand, his other continuing to pump slowly in and out of her. Moaning softly, she steadied herself on the counter as his persuasive fingers played in her nether region. Gently thrusting in and out, he dropped to his knees behind her suddenly and buried his face between her butt cheeks without a second's warning. His tongue pushed against her asshole, and then inside as far as he could reach. He groaned in an approving tone and somehow managed to continue thrusting his fingers inside her.
"God, it's been awhile," she said. "Nearly a week and a half," she added. "I've made Dexter abstain so he wouldn't spoil his surprise."
John's tongue was doing wonders to her butt, and his rough but persuasive fingers were driving her pussy insane. Groaning, she felt him stand and turn her around, causing her to groan in irritation as his fingers slid from inside of her.
"Nooo," she begged, looking over her shoulder. "No teasing the Jessie today," she pouted.
Donna came in at that moment, and John pointed over at the stuff on the counter. "Get busy, cunt," he said, causing her to grin.
"Yes, Daddy," she said, and immediately took Jessie's place.
Easily lifting her up, John set her on the counter and then knelt back down, wiping his face and taking a preparatory drink of water before moving down between her legs.
"Oh," Jessie said, spreading for him so he could have access. "You always play so well," she added, smiling as Donna leaned over to kiss her for a second.
He didn't reply, and she gently put a hand on the back of his head as she felt his tongue start to push and slide against her clit.
"I promised John that he'd get to watch me eat your pussy sometime," she said, punctuating the kiss with another tiny one.
Jessie whimpered, nodding and looking up from what John was doing to Donna.
"I would have taken care of you, silly girl," Donna said.
Jessie shrugged. "It's okay, honey. You were sad about John, and I was honestly exhausted most of the week. Oh... fuck... John..."
John grunted in approval at something, still ravenously licking and sucking between her legs. She groaned, feeling her orgasm on the verge and whimpered in pleasure.
"Fuck, John," she groaned. "That's it."
A wave of pent up pleasure washed over her then, and she felt him beginning to slow his tongue assault on her clit as her orgasm reached its zenith. Crying out in pleasure, she quickly pulled him up and to her body, feeling his erection pushing briefly at her pussy as she slid off the counter and collapsed on the ground. Moaning in pleasure, she fought to regain control of her legs as she leaned forward, her body full of endorphins.
Whimpering, she looked up and saw him slowly stroking his cock, and though she was still coming down from her own orgasm, immediately became determined to repay the favor he'd just shown her.
Grinning, he put a hand on the back of her head and helpfully guided his cock into her mouth.
"I really like Dex," he said, smiling down at her. Contractions were still coursing through her pussy, but she nodded up at him, winking as he started to fuck his cock in and out of her tightly pursed mouth.
Her orgasm finally completely passing, she leaned into his thrusts taking him completely into her mouth and sucking as he grunted in approval. His hand was threaded completely up in her hair, no doubt making a mess of it. He pulled roughly, again and again as she practically slammed her lips down onto his shaft and her nose into his pubic hair. Her nose was starting to hurt a little, but it was worth it to give John the orgasm that he obviously needed. A thick glob of cum burst forth, and she whimpered in pleasure as she tasted his succulent cream.
"That's mine," Donna told her, looking down as she stirred the eggs she'd just poured in the pan. "You better not swallow it you little cunt."
Quickly weighing on whether she should be naughty and swallow John's load or do as Donna asked, she figured she should do as her roommate wanted. Patiently waiting for him to finish, Jessie stood and turned, as Donna leaned down to kiss her, her tongue pushing in and pulling out some of his load. She grinned and stuck her tongue out, the cum oozing across the surface as Jessie watched. Quicker than Donna was prepared for, Jessie darted forward with a playful snarl and bit down with her lips on Donna's tongue as if she were a puppy getting a snack, then sat back and growled. Donna burst out laughing and leaned forward, kissing her again when she could and starting to slurp and suck at Jessie's cum-covered lips.
The two girls laughed at the silly eroticism of the whole mess, and the kiss quickly devolved into a briefly furious session of tongues dancing amid a small sea of creamy white yumminess, both girls moaning and whimpering into each other's mouths.
John chuckled putting his cock back as Jessie finished kissing Donna. He pulled his girlfriend to him then, drawing Jessie as well, and kissed them both. His warm tongue pushed into Jessie's mouth, and she giggled at his kinkiness.
Turning away from him as he turned to start kissing his girlfriend again, she took Donna's spot at the stove, and soon after the three were enjoying a nice breakfast together.
After breakfast, she and Donna went out to get waxed, and then came back to the apartment to pick up the rest of the stuff. John was resting, so Donna went and snuggled up to him after telling Jessie that she would let him sleep a while longer and then come over a little early to help setup.
She quickly said her goodbyes and picked up her bag, heavy with things that she thought she might need. Toting it down to her car, she loaded it in and then went over Don and Dexter's.
Don had told her to go ahead and pull into the driveway as far as she could so that other folks had room to park. When she got out, she went in through the side gate and saw that Don had done some yard work. The lawn looked great, and his pool was immaculate as always. She turned and saw him wave and smile from under the back-porch arbor.
The house had a large, vine covered arbor over the back patio, covering an outdoor kitchen and a bar complete with several stools. Don had a couple of picnic tables that he'd recently cleaned off and had set them up underneath part of the patio.
It was still four or five hours before the party, so Jessie commenced with finishing the decorations. With Don's help, she finished hanging different colored streamers and balloons on various parts of the back yard. She sent Dexter to go get several bags of ice and poured them into a few coolers, as well as setting a few in Don's chest freezer for backup. After icing down a few cases of beer, she set out plates and cups.
She'd asked Erin to pick up the cake, and she'd gladly accepted the responsibility, seemingly eager to help.
After all the decorations and stuff were set up, Jessie went about preparing the stuff she'd brought for games. She had several water guns and some whip cream cans. There were also some plastic rings for a ring toss game that she'd read about, as well as some large furry dice with sexy things and body parts written on them for later in the day. She didn't know if they'd get to play with those yet, but she was hopeful. Baby oil, a large watermelon, and a large rubber ball were added to the stack of stuff, and she quickly went about setting up the other things she'd gotten.
Finally, Don asked her what music she wanted playing, and she went over and spent about 45 minutes picking out a good playlist of stuff she hoped everyone would enjoy.
When Donna made it there at about 2:30, she was nearly completely done and had finally settled onto the couch. She'd made Don bring her his phone so that she could look over the messages that he'd sent back and forth to his future date.
The woman's name that he'd been talking to was Susan. She seemed nice enough in chat, and Jessie liked that she wasn't being too overly friendly or telling him anything that would send up a red-flag. She was thumbing through the messages that had passed between the two when Donna knocked on the door.
Jessie stood, smiling and waving as Donna peered in through the front window. Opening it up, she said hi and let her roommate in, then peered out the door for John.
"He'll be here in a bit," Donna said, answering her unasked question. "He's getting ready still and is going to go to the liquor store.
Jessie giggled. "I had papa go and get a bunch of stuff for us," she said, smiling.
"Papa?" Donna asked, a single eyebrow raised.
Jessie shrugged. "That's what I call Don now."
"Weirdo," Donna said, smirking.
Jessie shrugged again, but then smiled and took Donna outside to show her all the preparations.
*****
Dexter
The next few days after he had been with Vicky, Dexter had expected to see her practically every day. He was happily surprised to see that when he did see her, she treated him just as she always did before she knew how well equipped he was.
The week flew by, and after talking with his girl, he knew she had something planned other than the party and that it required them to abstain from having sex with each other. He wasn't all that concerned about it. It was only a week and a half or so to wait, plus, he always had Donna and the possibility of Vicky getting friendly with him again.
With all these women wanting him, it was easy to see how a fella could get a big head and an attitude about such things. He had made himself a promise that he wouldn't let that happen to him. Besides, Jessie herself had commented that she hated guys like that, big dick or not.
The weekend was nice, and he got to see Jessie on Saturday as they watched a movie with his old man. She surprisingly behaved herself, though, and kept all of her delicious body parts covered as they relaxed in the den. She only got a little randy when she took him upstairs and sucked his dick until he exploded into her mouth. Afterward, she made sure that he didn't need another, or even two more blowjobs, before saying goodnight.
The following week, he picked up a few extra tickets and a project to keep himself occupied. Late Wednesday evening while he was putting the finishing touches on an issue he was fixing, he was surprised to see Vicky swing by on her way home. She made a comment on how tired he looked, and he let her know that Jessie was abstaining from sex for some reason to do with his birthday gift.
Her face immediately took on a look of pity and she came closer to whisper, "Are there any other techs here?"
He shook his head with a cheeky smile and let her know that they were alone, and the night cleaning crew wasn't due for another couple of hours.
Without a hint of thought, she immediately dropped to her knees with a wide smile and took his cock out, her lips wrapping around the head with an excited moan of released anticipation and proceeded to give him a very enthusiastic blowjob. He felt bad a little later when he had a thought cross his mind about who was actually better at sucking cock, his girlfriend or Vicky. Still, he knew better than to actually voice that to either of them.
He didn't hold out in the least as she noisily sucked and slurped his cock, one hand stroking as she looked up at him and took the head in her mouth, working it with her tongue. He saw the glint of her wedding ring on her finger and groaned, the idea of what they were doing pushing him over the edge. Grinning upward as he burst into her mouth, Vicky smiled and then laughed as she swallowed part of the great load, losing some as it oozed down her hand and across the ring. Dexter had been given her phone at the start and had managed to take a few pictures for her during the process. The last one was a shot of her looking up at him, smiling with his cock just in front of her face with cum dripping from her mouth and down her fingers, her wedding band and engagement rings being coated in a nice, thick sheet.
After Vicky had cleaned up his sticky mess with her lips and tongue, she kissed him on the cheek and said, "I've got to go make my husband dinner and make him horny by telling him all about what I just did and show him these pictures."
Shaking his head, he gave her a kiss on her forehead and then squeezed her in a big hug. "I'm happy to take care of you if you need it," he said, smiling at her as she started to walk away.
"Save it for another time, baby," she said, surprising him with her sweet epithet, coming back over for a moment and giving him a hug and a kiss on the cheek.
He'd chuckled and then set back to work.
The rest of the week was a blur of working out with Alec, working on work stuff, and heading home late to go to sleep. By Friday, he even considered taking a half day, but didn't want to give Chase any reason to not recommend him for hire when the time came, so he dug in and dealt with it.
When Saturday morning came, he slept in until Jessie arrived just before lunch. She seemed very preoccupied with getting everything in order, kind of like she got when she was cleaning, he realized. After a kiss, he helped her when she asked for it and busied himself with other things.
Hearing the doorbell ring, he came back downstairs and saw Jessie answer it and let Donna in. After the two spoke for a little, they headed out back and Dexter followed, listening while Jessie discussed her plans for today.
"Hi stud," Donna said, smiling and coming over for a kiss after Jessie had finished with her. "Wanna go fuck before the party starts?"
He laughed and covered his face in mock dismay for a moment. "I appreciate the thought, but I'd like to see where the evening takes us."
"That's just as well," she replied. "John got home last night, and we basically fucked all night. Plus, there was the fooling around we did while Jessie made breakfast and then we fucked again after she left."
He smiled. "Just don't be wranglin' my girlfriend into any of you and your boyfriend's sex games," he joked, causing her to grin and shrug mysteriously. "He coming?" he asked, figuring she was just trying to provoke him and knowing that Jessie couldn't be pulled into anything with the two.
She nodded, smiling widely. "I'm gonna be so fucking mean to him, he's going to fuck me until Monday morning" she said, grinning widely.
He laughed at that, shaking his head. "Well, don't scare any guests away. Not everyone is as used to you two. Don't you remember the Donna that I met? You barely looked at me."
She giggled and nodded. "I was being polite. After the initial waiting period, I consulted with your better half and got permission to violate you."
He smiled, feeling her hand entwine with his as she turned and looked at Jessie as she busied herself with something else.
After a minute of watching her, Dex shook his head. "Does she ever stop?" he asked.
Donna shook her head, giggling. "It's just like fucking her. Either take over and make her do what you want, or you have to hang the fuck on."
Dexter laughed. "Man, that's the fuckin' truth."
Donna turned and looked at him directly then, still smiling but obviously serious. "Just remember that all of this is in good fun, okay?" she asked.
He nodded and shrugged. "You know me, Donna. Jessie's gonna be Jessie."
"I know, but I just care about you and I don't want to see you take things the wrong way and get hurt."
"You make it sound like she's planning an orgy," he said, shaking his head and sighing at her.
She giggled. "No, of course not. It's all just fun."
He groaned exaggeratedly and said, "God, not Jessie's idea of fun. There's gonna be people fucking everywhere!"
"Hey!" Jessie said, looking up and putting both hands on her hips. "I heard that!"
He laughed and went over, kissing her until she grinned and dropped the false angry look on her face.
After a little while longer, people started to arrive. First, Vicky and Eric came around the side, letting them know that they'd knocked and rang the doorbell, but no one had answered. Jessie quickly realized that she needed a sign on the front door to have people come in instead of knocking and waiting, since everyone was outside.
She quickly made one and put it up, smiling at Dexter as he watched, fascinated by the way she handled seemingly everything at once. It was like watching an organized whirlwind.
He was struck then how much he truly cared for this incredible person that had been introduced into his life and he smiled widely.
"I love you," he said, catching her off guard.
"Aww, what was that for?" she asked, coming over and looking sweetly up at him.
He shrugged. "I just do. Thanks for doing all this for me."
Jessie smiled sweetly at him and gave him a passionate, albeit short, kiss. "Well, I love you," she said, kissing him again.
Vicky and Eric both came over and wished him a happy birthday, and he shook Eric's hand first before giving Vicky a platonic hug.
"Oh, stop that," she admonished, and kissed him fully on the lips.
He chuckled, slightly embarrassed and rolled his eyes at her husband. "I mean, she's got a point bud, you've been inside her."
Dexter laughed and shook his head. "I mean, yeah, but I didn't do it in front of you!"
The couple laughed and Eric patted him on the back. "We're just messing with you. I wanted to thank you for taking care of her the other day. I don't know what it is, but you really get her going and by the time she gets home, she's pretty dang turned on."
Dexter laughed, feeling better about the whole situation.
Vicky was grinning widely and had a nice glow in her cheeks and a sparkle in her eyes as she watched the two of them.
"Do you like my suit?" she asked, spinning around. She was wearing a rainbow-colored bikini and it looked stunning on her. Her smallish breasts were covered by two elongated triangles, their tips pointing upward. The bottom was much smaller but covered all of her delicate parts nicely. She grinned as he looked her over, giggling as Dexter nodded and smiled at Eric.
"I really do," he said, giving Eric a thumbs up.
"I like it better off," Eric said, reaching for the strap at her back and trying to yank. She spun away and shook a finger at them, then went over to talk to Jessie and Donna. Chuckling, the two men started to chat.
John showed up right after, and immediately came over to Dexter. He was holding a bottle of liquor in one hand and smiling widely.
"My man!" he said loudly.
Dexter hadn't really been too close with John, but he did feel a sort of kinship with him with all that they had been through, so to speak.
Dexter started to shake his hand, but John enthusiastically dodged inside and gave him a hug, then playfully kissed him on the cheek, yelling, "Come here you good-lookin', big swingin' dick sonuvabitch!"
Dex laughed and good-naturedly shoved him back. "Ha, damn man," he said, shaking his head and wiping his cheek.
"Here," he said with a wide smile, offering him the bottle.
Dexter looked at the offered liquor curious and gingerly took it from him.
"That's a birthday present from me, but it's also to say thank you for taking care of Donna."
He smiled widely and put a single hand on Dexter's shoulder. "I mean it, sincerely," he said.
"You're welcome bud," Dexter replied, touched by his gesture. "Uh, Eric, this is Donna's boyfriend John."
"John Montgomery," he said, smiling and shaking Eric's hand as enthusiastically as any redneck.
"Eric Perkins," the other man answered. "Good to meet you." He glanced at the bottle that Dexter held in his hands and smiled, nodding. "The Glenlivet," he said smiling. "Not bad."
John smiled and shrugged. "I don't know shit about whiskey, but I wanted to get him something manly."
"That's not a bad choice," Eric said, nodding.
Dexter was actually touched and smiled. "Man, that's really nice," he said. "I don't know what to say."
John brushed it off. "Well shit, don't cry you pussy," he said with a wide smile and wink at Eric.
Dexter burst out laughing along with the other two and patted him on the shoulder.
After talking about his time out working, Dexter asked John about the video he'd sent him, hoping that he didn't mind talking about it in front of Eric.
"Shit, man," John said, "That shit was hoooooot," he said. "Me and a couple other dudes watched that shit and just about shit ourselves."
Eric laughed along with Dexter. "I'm guessing that's a good thing," he said, nudging Dex.
Dexter shrugged and continued laughing.
"Shit, my girl got her pussy fucked up!" he said excitedly, practically yelling. "Old boy here just about fucked her into a Goddamn coma too!" he said, grinning. "I was afraid her pussy was gonna be broke when I got back."
Eric and Dexter started laughing again, truly enjoying John's animated style of beer conversation.
"Shit, I thought I was gonna have to take that shit in for an alignment and an oil change," he added, grinning at the two still laughing. Finally, he stopped talking shit and let the two catch their breath, both of them wiping tears from their eyes from all the laughing.
Donna and Vicky were busy talking over near the bar, and by the looks of it, they were discussing something sexual as they kept looking over near the guys.
Jessie came over after hearing all the laughter and smiled, entwining her arm in Dexter and Eric's. "Can I get you hyenas something to drink?" she asked.
"I'll get it babe," Dex said, shaking his head.
"Oh no you won't," she said, shaking her finger at him. "My boys don't serve themselves," she said, grinning and patting both he and Eric on the back. "John, honey, what can I make you?"
"Shit make me have a bigger dick!" he said, pulling her up against him and tickled her, causing her to squeal in surprise and Eric and Dexter to laugh again. She slapped him and hopped away, scowling in mock-anger.
"Goddamn, man," Dexter said, "we should've hung out sooner."
"Hell yeah," John said. "I always like to treat the dudes that bang my girlfriend to a drink," he said, grinning widely. "Keep that shit well-oiled so it keeps working and working on her ass."
Dexter and Eric laughed again, and Jessie sighed in mock irritation, still waiting but obviously enjoying that he and John were bonding.
"Shit, I'm sorry ma'am," John said, taking a knee and bowing his head in mock supplication. "I didn't mean to fuck no shit up, I'm sorry."
She snickered and smacked him in the head. "Get up you idiot," she said. Turning, she stifled a laugh as she pointed a finger at the three of them. "What do you want to drink."
A few seconds passed as the three finally stopped laughing and were able to focus.
"Here," Dexter said, handing her the bottle. "Make us something with that."
Eric nodded in agreement.
John smiled and nodded as well. "Hell, yeah sugar pussy," he said, elbowing Dexter in the shoulder.
Jessie turned and pointed a finger at him again, a mock glare on her face. "I'm gonna rip your dick off if you keep it up," she said, scowling at him.
His face didn't change and still had a wide, goofy grin on it.
She finally couldn't stand it anymore and burst out laughing, shaking her head as the guys started laughing again.
"Goddamn man, you are one funny motherfucker," Dexter said.
"Shit man, I learned a long time ago that you gotta relax when you come back from roughneckin'," he said, squeezing Dexter's shoulder for a moment. "Seriously though, I really do appreciate what you do for me and Donna. I know it can be weird for a dude in your position to be friends with the boyfriend of the girl you're fucking, so I wanted to kind... break the ice, you know? So, are we cool?"
Dexter smiled and nodded, reaching out and shaking his hand. "We're cool."
"Hey!" came a voice from the side gate. Blake and Sandy had arrived and were walking over, a gift in hand. Jessie immediately went over, having just brought their drinks back to them, and gave Sandy and Blake a hug.
"I'm so glad you guys could come," she said. "Make yourselves at home.
"Blake," Dexter said, smiling widely and reaching out to shake his hand.
"Dex," the muscular guy replied, smiling.
"This is my good friend, Eric," Dexter said, one hand patting Vicky's husband on the back. "Blake is a recent acquaintance but he's a good dude."
"Good to meet you," both men said, and Dex nodded at John.
"This is my other friend John," Dex said.
"John Montgomery," the redneck replied, smiling widely and shaking his hand exactly as he seemed to shake everyone's. "Hey sugar tits," he called, looking over at Donna.
"Yes, Daddy?" she said, looking up.
"Will you get Blake a drink? Jessie knows what the hell this is, but the shit's good," he said, smiling.
"Sure thing," she replied, standing and going over to the bar.
The guys started talking about their respective jobs for a few minutes, and most of the questions seemed to be directed to John.
"Shit yeah," he said. "That shit is dangerous as fuck. Hell, even driving out to work site can be dangerous. They pay a shit ton, but most of the motherfuckers that they have to hire are higher than shit on stuff I ain't never heard of, and the other sons of bitches are criminals that don't give a fuck. All you really gotta do is apply, and as long as you ain't actively high or drunk when you do the piss test, they'll hire your ass."
"That bad?" Blake asked.
"Yeah man," John said. "It's some good Goddamn money, but super Goddamn dangerous. Had buddy get killed a couple of years ago when he got too close to a spinning piece of equipment. Most recently though, there was a guy on another crew that was hauling some pipe out to a site and just plowed right over some folks parked off the side of the road that were having car trouble."
"Goddamn," Dexter commented. The flippant way he described it all was a little off-putting, he realized.
"Shit," said Blake. "Yeah, I heard about that wreck," he said.
Dexter saw Alec and Erin, followed quickly by Ronnie and a pretty brunette out of the corner of his eye and smiled, waving them in. Jessie immediately went over and gave them all a hug and brought Alec and Ronnie over to meet the guys they didn't know.
After Jessie and Donna fixed more drinks for the guys, they went over and joined the other girls in their conversation.
The guys all got to know each other pretty good after that, and for a good hour, they sat around and talked and drank.
His dad came out at one point, and the guys all seemed to move over and start talking around the grill as he started cooking. After a while though, the rest of them moved off to sit around the bar, while Blake stayed and spoke with his dad.
Finally, with everyone comfortable and with drinks in hand, Jessie, the apparent Master of Ceremonies, got everyone's attention by standing on a bar stool.
"Stand up," Ronnie called out, drawing laughter from the group and a raised middle finger from Jessie.
"First, did everyone meet Lacey? She's Ronnie's girlfriend," she said.
"Hey now," Ronnie said, drawing a laugh.
Lacey flipped him off then and pointed at him. "You can tell all your guy friends that I'm your FWB all you want honey, but when you're texting me 'I love you's' while I'm working, we both know what's up."
He shook his head, sighing and smiling.
"Now, shut up and listen to Jessie," Lacey finished.
He smirked and looked directly at her, and the two seemed to be fighting a silent battle.
"Yes ma'am," Ronnie said eventually, grinning over at Alec.
"Damn right, yes ma'am," Lacey said, grinning and looking over at Jessie.
The group laughed and a couple of people near him patted him on the back in response.
Jessie waited for the noise to quiet and then addressed the group.
"Thank you all for coming to my boyfriend's 21st birthday bash," she said smiling sweetly. "As discussed, this is a clothing optional party, so don't be surprised if you see more skin that you're used to seeing at birthday-swim parties."
The group laughed again, and she waited for them to quiet down.
"Papa, when do you think supper will be ready?" she asked.
"Well, the ribs will be done in a couple of hours, and I'll put the burgers, hot dogs, and other meat closer to supper time," he replied.
She gave him a thumbs up. "So in the meantime, I've got some fun games planned and as you might have guessed, some are a bit naughty. I figured that we can save those for later tonight, so I hope no one else has anything planned."
No one said anything, so she continued, smiling widely.
"I've already discussed it with Don; that's that handsome stud back there working the grill," she said, smiling and pointing back at him.
He shook his head and waved without turning around.
"As I was saying, I've discussed it with him and if you get too drunk to drive, you're welcome to crash here," she said. "We don't want anyone in jail or dead," she finished. "Deal?"
The group all said, "Deal!"
"Have fun!" she said, stepping down from the stool.
Conversation seemed to return to normal and the group started to mingle and talk with each other. Dex watched, joining in a few conversations and smiled when he saw that no one seemed left out or feeling like they weren't wanted. At one point, Erin came over with Lacey and introduced her to Dexter.
"Happy Birthday," she said, smiling at him. She had shoulder-length brunette hair, darker than Jessie's but lighter than Donna's. She was wearing a modest bikini over some decidedly plump looking breasts. Dexter knew immediately why Ronnie liked her. She was feisty and didn't look like she took shit from anyone. Dexter could immediately tell that she definitely wore the pants in their relationship.
"Thanks," Dexter said, shaking her hand. They talked politely for a few minutes before Erin led her away to go introduce her to his dad.
An hour passed, and he was wondering if anyone was actually going to get naked. Jessie came over and sat on his lap as he talked with John, Eric, and Blake about sports, and lay back on his chest comfortably.
"So," she said, smiling at him as she spun around on top of his lap to face him. "Are you ready for your first birthday present?" she asked, smiling widely.
"Sure," he said. "As long as it's a blowjob."
She giggled and shook her head. "You can get one from one of the other girls in a bit," she said rolling her eyes. "I want to show you what I did for you the other day, and why I've been keeping away from being nude around you."
His interest piqued, Dex smiled and nodded at her. She glanced over and saw the other five guys sitting close, watching quietly.
"Well, let me get where everyone can see, I guess," she said, smiling and sliding from his lap. She stepped over to an open spot in the ring of chairs and stood there for a few seconds.
"So, I really hope you like this," she said, wincing as she started to undo her top.
"He's seen yer titties," Alec said, smiling widely.
The guys laughed in response, but Jessie ignored them. She covered her left breast up as she pulled, the string of her bikini falling away, and then reached up to untie the one around her neck until she only had the cups still covering her voluptuous breasts. She hesitated for second, seemingly unsure of proceeding, but then closed her eyes and dropped the top.
The guys all whistled in appreciation and clapped as Dexter smiled widely. She'd gotten a tattoo for him! She came close then so he could get a good look, her eyes opening and smiling as she saw his wide grin.
Sex Toy was scrawled across the upper left side of her left breast in red ink. The script was nice and sexy looking, and she grinned widely as he admired it.
"That's well done," he said, reaching for her hand.
"You like it?" she asked, looking down at him nervously.
"I love it, babe," he said, pulling her close for a kiss.
"Can I check it out?" Eric asked, leaning over. She smiled happily and turned, arching her back and poking her ridiculously cute breasts out enticingly. Eric smiled widely, nodding. Moving around the circle, she let each guy get a good look at the new art, and finally finished back at Dexter. As he admired it again, he pulled her down to kiss her again and resume sitting in his lap, but she giggled and shook her head.
"I got something else too," she said, grinning at him. Stepping back to her original spot, she glanced back and saw that the other girls seemed to be pre-occupied with their conversation. Winking playfully, she reached down and pulled her bikini bottoms down, revealing another tattoo on the perfectly waxed area just above her pussy.
Dexter smiled widely, not caring in the least that she was practically nude. He couldn't see any of her actual pussy, not that that would bother him.
"Cum Slut?" Alec asked.
She grinned widely and nodded. "Just ask Dex."
Alec laughed.
"Oh, and Ronnie!" she added, drawing a laugh from the other guys. "Shit, and John too, huh," she said, looking over at Dexter.
He chuckled and nodding. "Yeah, that counts too baby," he said, smirking at John.
Dexter waved her over to him again and admired the other tattoo made out of letters that looked like cum, spelling out Cum Slut.
He smiled. "Goddamn, that's sexy baby," he said. "Thank you."
She smiled and slid down into his lap for a second, kissing him. "I love you," she said. "I'm planning on being Mrs. Dexter someday so I figured it was okay to do this for you."
He smiled widely and nodded. "That sounds like a plan to me. I love that you were brave enough to do this!"
She smiled. "The guys that did it were very professional and funny. One of them wanted to pierce my nipples and I nearly went through with it but chickened out," she said, frowning. Dexter chuckled and shook his head.
"Tattoos are enough for now," he said, grinning. "We can talk about piercings later."
"And the piercing guy even offered to give you a ring in your cock," she said, lowering her voice. "I couldn't imagine trying to give head to a guy with one though," she said.
Dexter winced and shook his head before smiling again. "Ouch, no thanks. That sounds awful."
A ruckus over near the pool drew his attention, and he saw Vicky of all people, playfully pushing at Donna and trying to shove her into the pool.
Protesting and begging, Donna fought to keep her foothold, reaching out to grab the only thing she could reach and just barely snagged Vicky's top.
Yanking and obviously hoping to pull her top off as she fell in, Donna only managed to yank both of them in, Vicky squealing in protest. Both girls came up laughing and sputtering, and immediately started to play around, trying to undo each other's tops.
Jessie grinned and shook her head, then kissed Dex on the cheek. "You having fun baby?" she asked.
He smiled and nodded.
"K, I'm gonna go play," she said, smiling widely.
He chuckled and nodded, patting her on the butt as she stood up. Watching as she left, he couldn't help but admire the way her butt bounced when she walked. He glanced to the left and right and caught the eye of the other guys, all of them watching her ass as she left.
He smiled, watching along with them as she reached the edge of the pool.
Dexter smiled widely, knowing that the eyes of everyone at the party were on his girlfriend in that moment. She paused at the edge of the pool, making a show of getting ready to jump in, but didn't see Ronnie sneak up behind her and pick her up to throw her in.
"Ack, no!" she yelled as he easily picked her up over his head and tossed her in.
Her comical scream caused the others to laugh as she sailed over the heads of Donna and Vicky, both pausing in their fight to de-top the other.
Seizing the opportunity, Vicky reached Donna and managed to grab the string to her top and yank, the brunette's amazing breasts spilling free as Vicky yelled in triumph.
Donna's response was to dunk the poor girl, diving underneath the water, only to emerge a few seconds later with Vicky's top.
"Shit, party's on bro," Alec said, smiling widely and standing.
"New rule," Jessie yelled, sputtering as she came up for air. "No throwing Jessies into the water!"
The group laughed as she brushed her mop of wet hair out of her face, doing the "dive under and surface with your head back thing" that girls all seemed to know.
He chuckled, watching her, then smiled as Alec dove in straight toward his girlfriend and pulled her under again.
Everyone, including his dad, seemed to gravitate to the pool over the next few minutes, so Dexter joined them. The rest of them kept their clothes on, and Jessie pouted in quiet protest when she saw Dex and his dad both getting in with theirs on.
"Y'all are so boring," she said, frowning. She squealed in surprise then as someone came up behind her from beneath and then emerged holding her bikini bottoms. Donna proudly tossed the small garment out of the pool and drew a playful mock scowl from Jessie in response.
After a few minutes of horsing around, Jessie announced that it was time for their first game and hopped out of the pool.
Dexter chuckled, watching from the water and admiring the wonderful, exciting nude form of his girlfriend.
*****
Jessie
As people started to arrive, Donna, Jessie, and Vicky talked and kept an eye on the guys making a racket over where they were.
"God, he's such a redneck," Donna said, glancing over as her boyfriend was cutting up and making a fool of himself.
"So, Jessie said that you and her have a unique understanding?" Vicky asked.
Donna smiled and nodded. "We both insult and demean the asshole and he gets off on it. He likes to watch Dex fuck the hell out of me."
Vicky smiled widely. "I actually know what you mean," she said, smiling.
The two women grinned and began to talk about their respective situations. A little while later, the rest of the folks had shown up and Jessie figured it was time to get the party started.
After making her little speech, she made sure that everyone had a drink and ensured that Don had something as well.
She looked over and saw her boyfriend laughing and talking with the guys and smiled, happy that he was getting along so well.
Walking over to the girls, she joined in the conversation for a bit before she moved off to talk with Vicky over on the bar stools.
She smiled, leaning forward and resting her arms on the bar as Vicky talked about how much she'd enjoyed Dexter the time that they got together. She also said that she was planning on seducing him again sometime soon.
"So," Jessie asked, "have you ever thought about being with another woman?"
Vicky smirked and shrugged. "I mean, yeah, of course I have," she said. "I just don't think I'd ever be brave enough to like... try and approach someone to ask, you know? Not with all that I've put my husband through."
Jessie smiled sweetly. "Well, the only reason I ask is that I'm just now finding out with Donna how nice it can be with other women. She's... pretty insatiable," she said, "and that's putting it mildly."
Vicky smiled. "You know, I was hoping that there would be some way that we could possibly work something out," she said. "I haven't asked Eric about it, though."
Jessie smiled in response. "I mean, maybe I could just include myself with you two sometime. To me, there's nothing better than a little flirtation that goes just a little too far," she admitted, winking.
Vicky snickered and lowered her head for a second. "You are just too much fun," she said, smiling.
"I have to say though, I'm really interested in seeing your husband's cock," she said.
Vicky smiled. "I'm sure you'll get to if people actually start to get naked," she said. "He's not really shy about it anymore. He's really well adjusted considering most people's reaction to it. But... it's not like he has much opportunity to be nude around others or anything."
Jessie nodded and smiled, listening quietly.
Vicky turned then and looked at her husband, catching his eye. He smiled and cocked his head, then excused himself from the conversation to go stand behind and between Jessie and Vicky.
"Sweetie," Vicky said, her voice dripping with her honeyed words, "would you let Jessie see your cock?" she asked, smiling sweetly.
Jessie saw him turn and look at her, an eyebrow raised inquisitively. She smiled and nodded.
"Ever since you mentioned it, I've been curious."
He glanced around, and Jessie looked with him, curious as to what he was looking for. No one else was paying attention, and Dexter had his back turned, so it wasn't like she was going to try and compare the two. Satisfied that no one was going to see his penis, Eric lifted the front of his suit forward and then pulled it down.
Jessie smiled and forced herself not to laugh as she saw him. He was flaccid at the moment, and it looked like little more than the end of her thumb.
"Oh my!" she said, smiling widely and looking up at him. He shrugged and chuckled, looking down.
Vicky smiled. "That's my clit," she said, grinning and reaching down to poke at it with her thumb.
"Oh dear," Jessie said. "Is that full size?"
Eric shrugged. "I mean, no... but it's not like it gets any more impressive."
She put a hand on his wife's knee and smiled sweetly. "We've been talking about other possibilities too," she said, grinning widely.
Vicky snickered, guessing her intentions. "All you have to do to get him hard is to touch it a little. Just be careful because the little fella's got a hair trigger."
Jessie smiled, reaching down and gently grasping the small thing with two fingers. Eric grunted in approval and glanced around again.
She felt him growing more erect and was surprised that he had no more than an inch and a half to two inches to work with as she gently stroked with her thumb and forefinger.
Once he was completely hard, she withdrew her hand and looked down, smiling. "God, I hate to say it, but that thing is so darn cute," she said, looking up at Vicky and a smiling Eric.
He shrugged in response and put it away, causing her to frown playfully. After a few minutes of conversation, he kissed his wife and went back to join the group he'd been in before.
As Vicky and Jessie talked some more, making plans and talking, John came back out from a bathroom break and smiled widely at Vicky and Jessie.
"Now John isn't very gifted in that department either," Jessie said. "But he's bigger than your husband."
John heard her at that point and came over to stand to one side. "Someone got a smaller dick than me?" he asked.
Vicky smirked and nodded, gesturing at her husband.
"He's not a squirming little pussy of a cuckold, though," Jessie said, smiling widely at him.
John grinned widely. "Are you trying to give me a hard-on?" he asked.
She giggled and shrugged. "Maybe."
He came around behind them, but unlike Eric, he didn't look around to see who was watching. Jessie didn't know why he would have cared anyway. Most everyone was faced the other way or very involved in conversation.
He immediately unzipped his shorts and unbuttoned them, letting one hand hold them up and freeing himself with the other.
"Well, give the little son of a bitch a smack," he said, looking at her. Jessie rolled her eyes and looked at Vicky with mock disdain. Sighing with exaggeration, she reached down and squeezed his flaccidity and smiled as he steadily grew erect.
"Well shit honey," he said, looking at Vicky, "You ain't gotta be shy."
Vicky smiled and shook her head. "No thanks cutie," she said. "I prefer the bigger boys and you don't make the cut."
John laughed and grinned widely at her. "Shit, baby, there you go! If you're gonna deny a motherfucker a good dick-slap, at least insult me a little."
"Trust me, he loves it," Jessie said, giggling.
"Well, love is a strong word," John said, grinning like a fool.
She smirked, removing her hand and admiring his nearly five inches. "Bull," Jessie said. "You love it and you know it, you small-dick little weasel."
Vicky smiled and looked down again.
John let her look a little longer and then stood there for a minute while the two ladies started talking about non-sexual stuff again.
Jessie figured that he was still feeling flirty and playful, and turned to look for him. She only saw the others, Dex included, facing away and talking animatedly about something. Looking back over her other shoulder, she saw John grab a drink and come back toward the two.
She turned back as Vicky finished her question and started to respond to her, then felt John's hand tug gently at one of the tied strings of her bathing suit. She smirked and rolled her eyes as he came up close behind her, sliding her bathing suit partly off. The right side was hanging free, which he brought around to the left side, basically exposing her butt. She felt his thumb wriggle underneath her and probe gently at her anus, causing her to whimper slightly, smirking at Vicky as she did so.
The pretty blonde wife had stopped talking and was watching John's playful game in amused silence.
"Just checkin' yer oil," he said, pulling his thumb out and popping it in his mouth.
Jessie giggled and turned, getting a quick kiss on the cheek from him. "Tease," she said, scowling playfully.
"Shit, tease my ass," he said, turning back around to face her. She giggled as she felt him pull her suit back down and then felt something else slide underneath, right between her cheeks. His modest cock pushed against her butt, and she groaned, glancing back at him in mild surprise.
He grinned and winked, then pushed a little more. The head of his cock pushed past the cusp of her asshole and continue further along her chair, resting underneath her pussy and causing her a considerable amount of sexual arousal.
Vicky was quietly laughing, covering her mouth at his antics.
"Shit, gorgeous," he said, smiling and sliding out from beneath Jessie, "I don't know what you're laughing at, you're next."
Vicky giggled and good-naturedly accepted his playful advances, even going so far as to let him briefly grope one of her bikini-covered breasts.
He smiled widely and gave her a kiss on the cheek as she shook her head at him and smirked. "It's all love, sugar," he said. "I like to play, that's all it is."
Jessie rolled her eyes and shooed him away, granting him a single kiss on the lips as he leaned in.
Giggling, Vicky rolled her eyes as he turned and walked back to the guys. "He's a hoot," Jessie said, smiling.
"I can tell," Vicky said, smiling. "Did he actually stick his cock inside you?"
Jessie giggled and shook her head. "No, he's more careful than that."
Vicky smiled, then asked, "Oh, are you planning on showing Dex his present?" while nodding down at Jessie's breasts.
She smiled and nodded. "I guess I better do that before things get crazy, huh," she said. Vicky smiled and nodded.
"We'll talk more," Jessie said, surprising Vicky and leaning in to kiss her. The pretty blonde wife moaned the slightest little bit and blushed as she covered her mouth with her hand, shocked at the noise.
Jessie winked and turned, going over to show Dexter his tattoos and hoping like hell that he liked them. Thrilled beyond words when he was, she finally felt at ease.
After showing off a little, and then playing around in the pool a little, she hopped out and announced that it was time for the first game. She went over and looked at all the stuff she had. Really, the watermelon was the only one that could be done with clothes on, and hopefully it would be something that would get other people to strip down.
Walking to the edge of the pool with the watermelon in hand, she looked down and saw all the guys and a few of the girls staring up at her nudity. Half were looking at her pussy, the other her breasts. She giggled, causing them to bounce.
"Buncha ogling pervs," she said, drawing smiles and scattered laughter. "I need a hand holding my melon," she said cheekily. Don was happy to help and hopped out. "Thanks papa," she said smiling sweetly.
"You're welcome, spitfire," he said, taking the melon from her.
"Y'all break up into two teams," she said. "The only rule is that you can't be on the same team as your date."
The group seemed to enjoy that idea, and soon were set up in two different teams. Jessie, John, Vicky, Blake, Lacey, and Alec were facing Dexter, Donna, Eric, Sandy, Ronnie, and Erin.
"What about Don?" Lacey asked.
"Referee," he said, smiling widely.
"Okay," Jessie said, popping open the bottle of baby oil. "The object is to get the watermelon, which will be covered with baby oil, to your end of the pool.
She poured a healthy amount of the goo onto the watermelon and then hopped in the pool. Don waited patiently for everyone to get set up, and then tossed the melon into the deep end.
Jessie giggled, immediately feeling someone yank her backward away from the melon. Ronnie, apparently really wanting to win, dove forward under water and came up with the oily orb. Behind her, one of her own teammates, Alec, came up and helped her regain her footing. She smiled a thanks as she felt his hands on her waist, then snickered as one moved across her butt as he moved past her.
The game started to pick up pace, and finally, someone had a suit yanked off, much to Jessie's relief.
Lacey had been wearing what looked like a sturdy looking bikini, but it was no match for Ronnie's yanking hands. She squealed in surprise and slugged him in the chest but didn't bother to cover up her perky breasts. Ronnie responded by grabbing her and pulling them both underwater. Somehow, she came up with his suit a few seconds later.
Blake, bigger and stronger than the rest of the people in the pool, finally wrestled the melon away from Eric, who wasn't so small himself either, at least in other places than his cock, she mused. Eric had had three people on the other team hanging off of him, one of them being Lacey, and that had been when Ronnie had struck in an effort to help his teammate.
Once Lacey's top had been yanked off and Ronnie lost his shorts, it seemed like the go-to tactic for people that had the watermelon.
Blake yelped in surprise as Sandy immediately started to yank downward on his shorts. He laughed as he struggled forward, ignoring her until Donna joined in and they finally freed the swim trunks. He dove toward Donna as she swam away with the trunks, letting Sandy have the watermelon. Donna tossed them out of the pool, and Blake dunked her in response.
Jessie giggled as she saw Donna not surface, and the look of surprise cross Blake's face a second later, knowing that her roommate was no doubt acquainting herself with Blake's equipment. Surfacing a second later, Donna grinned provocatively and winked at him as he shook his head and smiled, swimming back toward the watermelon.
Sandy was squealing, holding it tight and trying to move forward, but Alec and John were both yanking on different parts of her suit. Laughing, she finally acquiesced and stood there as Alec and John laughed and swam off.
Blake laughed at her then, seeing that they'd stretched her suit out a little and it was basically hanging off her body. Seeing no other recourse, she slid it off and went to join the match.
Soon, everyone was practically naked, and Jessie couldn't have been happier. She felt Blake come up behind her at one point and expect to feel a little grope or a hand on her butt, but he was apparently not a flirty type of guy. That was okay, she could show him how.
She swam behind him and dove under, her hand sliding between his legs and finding the semi-erect cock there. She giggled as she felt him squirm for a second and came up on the other side, reaching for it again after momentarily losing contact.
He smirked and shook his head at her as she briefly stroked, his own hand holding the small of her back before she swam away.
She smiled, seeing Vicky and Erin holding Dexter back, pushing him back toward the edge of the pool and away from the watermelon. He smiled, shrugging as she waved at him.
A few minutes later, Don called the game. Jessie's team won, in no small part to Blake's commanding presence. She grinned and hopped out of the pool.
"Can you hand me my trunks?" Blake asked, hovering near the deep end.
She got a curious look on her face and came over. "Why?" she asked, looking around. Dexter, in all his nude glory, along with Eric and Ronnie were standing outside the pool, all three seemingly non-plussed at the nudity.
He sighed. "I'm a big dude with an average dick."
She smirked. "Honey, look at John, and look at Eric."
He glanced over, his eyes going slightly wider at seeing John, and then going very wide at seeing Eric. Immediately he smiled and hopped out.
For a few minutes, Eric endured the questions and stares of the party goers, almost as if he'd done it a hundred times.
No one was mean to him at all, and Jessie was quietly thankful for that. She'd been worried that John might make some comment trying to be funny and hurt his feelings. She quietly promised to pay him back for resisting the urge.
Still, hanging around in the afternoon sun isn't always a good idea, and there was a slight breeze that made a few of the people cold. Towels came out, and a most of the girls and a few of the guys sat around with them or wrapped up in them.
She glanced over and saw Don go over to the grill and check on the ribs before disappearing into the house to get the hamburgers and other stuff he was cooking. When he came back, she saw Donna go over and playfully start to try and talk him out of his swim trunks. Knowing how persuasive her roommate could be, she saw that it didn't take long for him to acquiesce, and let Donna walk away with this swim trunks.
The girls, seeing that Don was just as gifted as Dexter was, immediately took more of an interest in him as he came back over. He tended to keep himself behind the bar, modestly concealing himself, but he had a smile on his face the whole time and Jessie knew that he was enjoying the attention.
At one point, she sat down on a wooden bench near the grill, talking with Erin, and she watched as Donna and Lacey flirted with Don to try and get him to show his cock again.
"You sure it's not hard?" Donna asked, dropping the towel and nudging Lacey who did the same. She smiled widely and raised an eyebrow as Don blushed and stepped back a foot or so, showing the two girls that he did indeed have a substantial erection.
"Jesus," Lacey said, covering her mouth and staring. Donna grinned and winked at Jessie.
Suddenly, Jessie felt a stinging pain on her leg and winced, looking down. A fire-ant, the little bastard, had bitten her on the inner thigh. She slapped and killed the annoying little runt and stood, wincing and hopping on one foot while holding her bitten thigh.
Don looked over, being the only one that had seen and heard her besides Erin, and immediately came over to check on her. He quickly made sure that there were no other fire-ants on her anywhere that he was willing to look, and then bade her go inside.
Dexter came over, finally hearing the commotion, and checked on her.
"I'm just gonna go put some medicine on this to get it to stop stinging," she said. "I'll be right back out."
Don started to direct her to where to find it, but then shook his head. "I'll just grab it," he said. "Son, can you watch the burgers and sausage for me. The ribs are done. I'm just slow cooking the rest."
Dexter nodded and kissed her, turning and heading for the grille as Jessie hopped inside.
She immediately went to the closest sink, which happened to be the kitchen, and turned on the water. Wetting a rag from the rag drawer, she dabbed the bite a little with the cool water, but it did little to help. Don emerged from the bathroom with a tube of ointment, and immediately started to kneel down.
Jessie, still in mild pain from the sting, still smirked at the sight of his still erect cock bouncing in front of him. He shook his head as he looked at the bite in a very dad-like manner.
"Here," she said, worried about him having to bend over. Turning, she backed up and pushed herself up, putting both feet up on the counter. She spread her legs so that Don could get to the bite easier, not really thinking that she was basically presenting herself to him.
He kneeled down, coughing and clearing his throat and started to apply some of the cream. Immediately she started to feel better, and smiled, nodding at him.
"Thank you," she said, grinning widely. He nodded, still gazing downward. "I'm glad you're out there," she added. "I'm sorry if my friends get crazy."
He smiled and shrugged, finally looking back up at her before turning back as she continued to sit in her precarious position. His eyes dropped down to her pussy, and she saw for the first time that she was a little oozy and wet from being turned on. Giggling, she shrugged and looked up at him again. His cock was standing upward, almost painful looking. He had a pained expression on his face, quietly groaning in pleasure as he watched, and she grinned, feeling playful.
"Jerk off for me," she said provocatively, smiling sweetly and glancing around. She totally expected him to roll his eyes or protest, but instead he did exactly as she asked. Surprised, she smiled widely and watched for a second, sensing how very turned on he must be.
His eyes moved up to the area just above her pussy, and he groaned, admiring her slutty tattoo for a moment. Still stroking, he closed his eyes and groaned in pleasure again. She quietly wished she could just give the poor guy a blowjob but didn't know how her baby would feel about that. Still, it wasn't a big deal for Don to be jerking off onto her again, after all, he'd done the same thing the other day out at the pool. Still, it wouldn't do for people to walk in, and she glanced over at the door, but it was clear.
Don stumbled a little bit from the pleasure of what he was doing and opened his eyes, staggering forward toward her. Jessie giggled for a moment before her eyes went wide and she shivered.
Don reached up with a single hand and roughly groped her tattooed breast, squeezing roughly as he grumbled out, "God," and stroked. He looked down, and her gaze followed. The head of his cock was a few inches away from her spread legs. She knew she better than to move or she might fall off the counter and actually slip his cock inside of her.
"Don," she said, trying to sound sweet but realizing how wanton the tone of her voice suddenly was. It came out as a throaty whisper instead of the attention-getting call it was meant to be. He shook his head and groaned again, seemingly trying to fight off a headache or something. She reached up and put a hand on his head, concerned. "Don?" she asked again, her voice still a whisper.
With a groan of protest, the hand at her breast moved around behind her and pulled as he stared helplessly into her eyes. Briefly wondering what he was doing, she cried out in surprise and pleasure, Don's beautiful cock sliding deeply inside her. Her legs instinctively wrapped around his waist and she clutched at him, surprise, pleasure, and excitement coursing through her.
"Oh my God," he groaned, immediately trying to pull back, his eyes squeezed shut. She whimpered and held tight, sliding off the counter and desperately trying to fight back the pleasure that his cock was wrenching from her.
Groaning, he turned and pushed her up against the wall near the refrigerator, inadvertently hiding her from the view from the back door and hammering his cock deep inside her ravenous cunt in a single stroke. She whimpered, feeling him groan and shake his head in protest, trying to retract out of her again. Someone came in the back door at that moment and they both froze, but the footsteps quickly went to the bathroom.
She'd frozen, her pussy quivering in delight as it was penetrated again. Gently, she felt him shiver as pleasure flooded through him. Unable to stop herself, she ever-so-slowly arched her hips and started rocking back and forth on him.
With a final cry of denial, he slid back and then looked up at her. "I'm so sorry," he groaned with tears rimming his eyes, and pounded forward, slamming a cry of pleasure from her as she threw her head back.
"God, papa," she whimpered.
He grunted, shaking his head and pulled back again before slamming back inside her poor pussy, causing her to cry out in pleasure again.
Groaning, she clutched desperately at him, knowing they should stop but definitely not wanting him to. He seemed to not be able to, though, and she felt him withdraw again before sliding back inside.
Unable to stop herself, she nudged his face up with her nose and kissed him deeply. He managed to resist for a moment before she felt his tongue push into her mouth. She sucked hungrily on it, feeling how hard his heart was pounding from it.
"Fuck," Jessie cried out, feeling her orgasm build. "Papa, fuck me," she begged. "Please don't stop. It's okay. Please... it's okay."
He groaned and lifted, pulling her from the wall and sliding her up and down with both of his hands, bending his knees and fucking upward into her each time she dropped. Both of her arms were wrapped around his neck tightly, and she whimpered constantly as the pleasure was forced from her tight pussy.
Groaning in pleasure again, he mumbled something before she felt him start to cum, his cock-head stretching inside her before she felt a great gout of cum rush into her. A large part of her wanted to drop to her knees and worship his cock then and there, but her orgasm hit her then and made her disagree with that part.
Groaning, she felt her pussy ripple up and down the length of his magnificent cock, groaning in pleasure and making animalistic, almost guttural noises as he came again and again inside her. Again and again, waves of pleasure slammed into her as they fucked, but eventually she started to come down from the incredible high.
Groaning, Don quietly let her slide down his body, letting her fall to her knees in front of him and then sliding back against the fridge. She heaved with effort, trying to catch her breath and looking up at him, his cock still huge and glistening, enticing.
She groaned, cum leaking from her pussy and onto the floor as she recovered.
A noise behind her brought them both to their senses, and she saw Erin standing in the doorway to the bathroom, one hand on her mouth.
She looked up, seeing Don's look of anguish, and turned, holding up a hand for Erin to wait.
Erin backed up, moving into the bathroom and ushering Jessie in with her as Don immediately went upstairs.
"Girl... what... the fuck... was that?" Erin asked.
Turning the water on, Jessie quickly washed her face and cleaned herself with a rag, trying to find an explanation. Sighing deeply, she shivered in pleasure from an orgasmic aftershock and smiled but couldn't find the words to answer.