I made the right decision choosing this life. I am an 19 year old gay boy, I'm a nudist, and I am a very submissive person in general. I am around 5 foot 7, I have longer hair, and my penis is on the smaller size. It matches my body quite well, but it's not big enough for anal. So it's really only there for display, though I jerk it off on my own regularly.
So at only the age of 19 years, I live with a man named Mark. He is 24, and 6 foot 1. Me and Mark are essentially friends with benefits. I met him 2 weeks after turning 18.
I've been a nudist ever for quite a while. My whole life I liked being naked just as much as I liked wearing clothes, though I've always preferred sleeping naked over pajamas. Once I reached my mid teens, I came to the conclusion that being naked is what I strongly preferred. Around that time was also when I came out as gay. And since I've always been more of a submissive person, I decided that shall apply to my sexuality as well. After watching lots of porn, I started putting it all together. I had to keep all to myself until I finally turned 18. I could now finally legally explore my sexual desires as a young gay man, especially my more filthy ones.
So I'm attracted to masculine men with muscles, and dicks bigger than mine. Especially when they are around 5 to 10 years older than me. I want to be with a man who wants me for my nakedness and my submissiveness. And that's when I met Mark.
After learning what my kinks are, Mark invited me to move in with him, though it came with house rules. Mark's number one rule is that I have to remain completely nude in his house 24/7. Not even when I go to bed can I wear pajamas or underwear. With that, I moved out of my parents house only a couple days later.
Mark says he prefers to see me without clothes all the time, and I like it as I've always loved being naked. I just love having him gaze at my body as he jerks off and calls me names while saying how much he wants to fuck me.
So when it comes to sexual activity, Mark is the boss, but other than that he treats me as an equal and with kindness. Because Mark makes decent money, instead of me having a job, I do all the house chores such as cleaning, laundry, and making dinner, and I do it all naked as required.
On top of being naked, I also have all of my body hair shaved except for my head. My chest is smooth, my stomach is hairless, and my ass and legs are hair free. Mark likes me hairless, and I like it too.
Mark is never naked in front of me. The only time he is is when he fucks me from behind, and even then I am wearing a blindfold.
To ensure that I am naked at any given moment, Mark is the only one who can access my clothes. At all times they are locked away in his bedroom. If I leave the house, I need permission to take any of them with me.
So that's the premise of what my life is, and now on to where I am now
So on days that Mark has to go out of town, he'll bring me to one of his friend's places. One Friday Mark told me that he would be leaving for the weekend, and that I would be staying at his friend Matt's place. Matt owns a massive cattle farm with over 30 acres of land. Matt is 28 years old, about 6 feet tall, and has muscles on top of muscles. He lives on the farm himself, but is still looking for the right boy to be his gay lover.
Mark dropped me off at the end of Matt's driveway, naked with absolutely nothing except for my phone. Mark told me Matt would greet me here in 10 minutes. With that, Mark gave me a kiss goodbye and drove off, leaving me there naked and vulnerable. After 10 minutes, Matt finally showed up in his pickup truck. He looked exactly like you imagine a Texas cowboy looks. He had long brown hair and was fairly handsome, and for some reason he was wearing the tightest pair of jeans I've ever seen. As soon as he saw me, his eyes widened, and he said, "Damn boy! You're one fine piece of work!" His eyes were practically popping out of his head. He stepped out of his truck and walked over to me with his arms open wide.
He started shaking my hand and kissing me on both cheeks, saying how nice it was to meet me. Then he turned me around and gave me a huge bear hug.
"Welcome my friend, welcome to my humble abode," Matt said, as he rubbed my naked shoulders. My dick started twitching as a result of being handled by this masculine man.
"Mark tells me you are a very naughty boy. And you are by the looks of it" he said.
"I try to be" I replied.
"And how often do you like being naked?" he asked.
"Every day of my life" I said, smiling.
"That's what I thought" he smiled.
Matt pulled me closer and said into my face "And how much do you love when your nude body is treated like it's a toy?"
As he rubbed my chest, he stared deeply into my eyes and grabbed my erect nipples. I couldn't help but moan softly and say, "A lot."
"Well ain't that nice to hear. Now then, care to hop into my truck?" he said while opening the passenger door for me.
"Yes please" I said excitedly while climbing into the seat, naked as the day I was born.
After buckling myself in, he shut the door and got into the driver's side. He took off down the road. All I could think about was getting fucked, but I didn't want to rush anything as I just met him.
"Why don't you go ahead and put your feet onto the dashboard? I want to see every last inch of you," he said as he gazed at my body while driving.
I couldn't believe it, this gorgeous muscular hunk wanted to look at my nude body while driving down the road? I bent my knees and lifted my bare feet onto the dashboard. When my feet were at eye level, I spread my toes and leaned back against the seat. The angle of my crotch created a perfect sight for him, as he stared straight between my legs at my bald little prick sticking up. He began to slowly drive down the country road, taking turns at each stop sign. This whole time, Matt kept staring at my junk. His smile grew bigger as he watched me.
"Mark tells me that you are required to naked in his home at all times. Is that true?" he asked.
"Yes sir, I'm required to be nude at all times. Not even underwear or socks," I replied.
"I can see that. That's pretty sexy. And do you enjoy it?" He asked.
"Words can't even describe how much I love it. I've always enjoyed being naked. Not only do I love when people see my naked body, but I as well really love being the only one naked too" I said.
"That's pretty fucking hot. So you're a combination of a nudist and an exhibitionist?" he asked.
"Yeah, pretty much" I said.
"On top of being naked at all times, do you like when other men use your body for sexual entertainment purposes?" he asked.
"Absolutely."
"And how much do you like when really masculine men fuck you?" He asked.
"Oh my god is it my what I love most about my life. There's nothing I love more than when a tall masculine man with huge muscles and high levels of testosterone forces their big cock into me, and unleashes an ocean of hot creamy semen into my rectum." I said in my lustful voice.
"And to make sure it's in there, the one who penetrates me does it all without a condom." I said.
"Wow you are really are just something." He said with a grin.
"Quite the understatement. Because of all that, I like my relation with Mark. I love his muscles, his cock size, and his level of masculinity. And I'm especially grateful that most of his friends are just like him as well. Especially you, Matt." I said while looking right at him.
"You being 10 years older than me is sort of a bonus." I said.
"Alex, all I'm gonna say for now is that you have come to the right place. That being said, there's my home right there." He pointed at a large ranch style house which looked brand new.
"Holy fuck it's big." I said.
"Yep. There's a lot of money in this business. After 8 years of running the joint on my own, it's already reaped its rewards. And now I have someone to share it with." He said while turning into the driveway.
Once we parked in front of the building, Matt got out of the truck and opened my door for me.
"Ow. My feet." I said as I got out of the car and stepped onto the gravel.
"Sorry about my little Alex. Want me to lift you?" He asked.
"No I got this." I said while slowly walking on the gravel.
"I'll carry your phone for you." He said.
"Thank you." I said.
We then reached the front pavement.
"You will absolutely love my home. All these years you had a very limited number of where you could be naked, but that's not the case anymore. No matter where you are in this house, you'll be barefoot and naked everywhere." He said while holding the door open for me.
As we entered the house, the smell of freshly baked bread hit my nose. We made our way through the house until we reached a living room that looked as though it belonged in an expensive hotel. It had marble floors, fancy furniture, and a fireplace that was quite impressive. The walls were painted white, and everything looked immaculate. The next room was the kitchen, which again looked like it came from a 5 star restaurant. Everything was perfectly clean and spotless. In fact, everything looked so spotless that you could eat off the floor without worrying about having germs in your mouth. I wonder if Matt will make me do that. Anyway, the kitchen itself had wooden cabinets, granite counter tops, stainless steel appliances, and huge windows which allowed sunlight to pour into the entire space.
Next to the kitchen was another dining area which had hardwood floors, high ceilings, and a beautiful chandelier hanging above the table. We went up a flight of stairs and stopped in front of the master bedroom. This room was incredible. The walls were covered in solid wood, the furniture was made of leather, and the curtains were thick and made of cotton. The bed itself looked comfortable enough to sleep in forever.
There were many other rooms all over the house. Matt showed me the guest bedrooms, bathroom, game room, and so on. He also explained to me that the lower level was a wine cellar, bar area, pool, and workout room. All of it was top notch.
"Now then, let's go to the kitchen and I'll make you some lunch. " Matt said while grabbing my hand and leading me towards the kitchen.
After having some lunch, Matt went into the living room and sat on the chair.
"Alex, would like to sit on my lap?" He asked while pointing to his lap.
My heart jumped with joy as I ran over to his chair and climbed onto his lap. I felt his strong hands caressing my ass cheeks. He placed his strong hands on either side of my face and looked deeply into my eyes.
"So Alex I forgot to ask you something during the ride." He said.
"What would that be?" I asked.
"On top of being a nudist and a boy who likes getting getting penetrated by big dicks, do you like giving blowjobs as well?" He asked.
"Very much. I especially love swallowing the cum." I said.
"Would you like to give me one right now? I want to see how good you are at it." He said.
My dick immediately sprung to attention at the idea of sucking his big dick. I moved my face closer to his crotch.
Mark pulled his dick out, and right in front of me was a the cock of my dreams. It was long and thick. It was almost purple at the tip. It was obviously about 9 inches. Matt smiled while pulling my head towards his massive rod. As soon as my lips touched his cock, he released his hot load of cum deep inside my throat. At first, I tried to pull away, but it was no use. His sperm filled my mouth. It tasted so good. He kept pumping it in my mouth until there wasn't any more. Once it was empty, he slowly withdrew his cock and grinned.
"I knew you would be a great cocksucker," he said.
He then pushed me away from him and continued laughing.
"Anyway, there's another thing I have planned for you." He said.
He then got out one of those expensive professional camcorders.
"In a little bit, I'm going to take you for a walk around the farm. And I'm gonna film you walking around naked, with camera in hand. I'm gonna film just your front. And then I'm gonna post the video on the internet, but don't worry, your face won't shown. Your head will be out of the shot. But you'll still be seen naked." He said.
I couldn't believe my ears. To know that my bare ass would be exposed to thousands of people around the world sent shivers down my spine. But at the same time, it turned me on tremendously.
Me and Matt went outside, and began shooting the video. It was pretty simple. I would just walk and he would film me without my head being seen. No talking during the recording either.
Walking around the farm naked was breathtaking. Never in my life did I think I would ever have the chance to be naked in such a large stretch of land owned by a man that likes me for doing that.
For the rest of the day, we just hung out together and chatted. Eating dinner, and then watched some movies.
"In about an hour the sun will be down. And you know what that means." Matt said with a devilish grin.
"Yes sir I do." I said as I sat back down on his lap.
"I've been waiting for this all day, Matt. From the moment I met you earlier. Out of every man I've ever met, you are by far the most attractive, masculine, dominant, and overall sexiest man I've ever laid eyes on. I'm glad I came here today. You've introduced me to a place where I can go naked anywhere at anytime. I really like you, Matt." I said.
Matt then pulled my face towards his and looked straight into my eyes.
"I like you too, Alex. You are to me as I am to you. In the same way how you like strong masculine men with big dicks, I've always liked young men who are absolute sluts. I especially love when they have smaller penises too. You know why, Alex?"
"Why exactly?" I asked.
"Because it represents my status over them. It's not easy for them to do the fucking. When you have such a small penis, it will do its job very well with a woman's vagina, but with another man's butt, not so much. Because of that, your penis is kinda useless, Alex. As a gay man you can't use it to reproduce, with the exception of surrogacy. Combine that with it not being big enough for another man's anus, it's really only there for display and your own self pleasure." He said.
"I never really thought about it like that." I said.
"Have you ever tried giving another man anal, Alex?" Matt asked.
"I never have. I've always been so submissive that I prefer being the one that receives anal. In fact, I might just keep it that way to stay true to my submissive nature. On top of just loving it, me being a nudist is a major sign that I'm meant to be submissive, and I like to think that's the case." I said.
"And that there is another reason why I prefer submissive boys with smaller penises. There is nothing I love more than seeing naked young men. But I hate looking at naked men with large dicks. It's so distracting. A man should be able to enjoy himself, knowing he has a small dick. He shouldn't feel ashamed because of it. That's what also makes me like nudist men with small dicks. They are willing to show the world their bodies without a hint of shame. Like you." He said.
"You know, Matt. I've always liked my penis size, but now you've made me realize I don't just like it. I need it. It feels amazing to have it in my hand. To see it hang between my legs, or look at it in the mirror." I said.
"And yeah, I plan on never giving a man anal, and I'm pretty much fine with my penis virginity remaining. Probably forever." I said with a huge smile.
"My god, Alex. You are absolutely perfect. Just the type of man I've always wanted. So loyal, honest, respectful, loving, and of course, sexually submissive in every way you can imagine." Matt said while slowly rubbing his hand across my shaved chest.
That resulted in me blushing bright red.
"There it is. I've been trying to make you blush all day. It's a sign that you're completely devoted to me. Nothing pleases me more than making someone as horny as you."
Matt then gave me a passionate kiss right on my lips.
Right as the kiss was done, the sun was down.
"It's time now Alex. Are you ready for my seed?" Matt asked.
His words sent shivers down my spine. With him being the person he is, I could only imagine what was in store for me tonight. The events that were about to unfold were almost too good to be true, but thankfully they weren't.
Matt brought me upstairs to his room by force. He laid me down on my back and pulled down his pants.
"It's so hard it won't fit in there now. But it will fit in you. But before we go any further, I require that you put your mouth on it to get it ready." He said firmly.
I complied let it slide into my mouth. I wanted to see if it would reach my throat. And it did. I felt how you feel when you stick I finger down your throat, only this was bigger. The gagging was painful, especially for the fact that it was in there for 5 seconds straight. But that didn't matter because all it did was it got me hotter.
After his dick was ready I laid back down on the bed.
Matt kept on his pants around his ankles, and his ripped tank top.
"Unlike what you're probably used to, I'm not going to penetrate you from behind. I'm going to penetrate you with your legs spread. I want to see your face as I have my way with you." He said.
This is the moment I've been waiting for all day. This is the moment I've always dreamt about. I quickly positioned myself and spread my legs apart. My tiny little dick was sticking up above my stomach and waving proudly in the air.
With that, Matt grabbed both my feet and pulled them towards him. Then, he lifted each leg, placing my feet on his shoulders.
"Awwwww yeahhhhhhh!" He yelled. "Now I can finally fuck you the way you deserve to be fucked. Here it comes you fucking faggot!"
And just like that, Matt plunged his big dick into my butt. It's uncomfortable as it's entering, but once it's in place, it becomes the greatest feeling imaginable. All I can do is imagine what it will be like when he unleashes an ocean of his hot spunk inside my rectum.
While sliding his dick in and out of my butt hole, Matt is whispering absolutely filthy things in my ear, while keeping eye contact.
"Your ass definitely delivers. It was made for taking huge dicks like mine. The best part about having you is watching my little boy spread open wide to receive my cock. And I love hearing you moan while I pound your shitbox. You are the boy I've been looking for my whole life. Every dominant gay man on earth would give anything right now to fuck you."
"This is what I was born to do. The only purpose I want to serve is to be a bottom for gay masculine men. Begging to suck their big cocks, to have their hot semen squirt inside my tight hole. Being penetrated by them and being filled full of their thick sticky jizz. There is no better way to spend my days than that. To be a bottom is my destiny." I said.
"That's the spirit, Alex. Embrace who you truly are. What other people think doesn't matter anymore. Be yourself. Be a slut. And make others happy by letting them satisfy your homosexual desires. It's a gift. Don't let anyone take it away from you. And at only 18 years of age, the life you want to pursue has already been decided. All you need to do now is follow through with it. The greatest satisfaction you will ever feel in life will come from serving men. And that being said, my seed will now be spewed into your colon." Matt said.
The gushing of his hot cum filled my insides with ecstasy. And when it reached the very end of my rectum, I was experiencing something indescribable.
I felt it travel down to my lower abdomen, making me gag again. I then saw it splash onto my pubic area, creating a huge puddle underneath me. And once Matt removed his big tool from my asshole, I felt what felt like a literal flood of fresh semen shoot all over my body. My whole body was soaked in this pure white fluid. Some got in my hair, which is where the guys who had my penis always rubbed it off. But there was just too much of it for that to happen. The mess it created was incredible. I didn't want it to be cleaned up because I wanted to remain covered in this sweet nectar of life. It was an orgasmic experience unlike any I had ever experienced before.
"Oh god, Matt. I'm still shaking from the orgasms you've given me. I'm on the verge of crying. It was beautiful. But I'm still horny." I said while laying on the floor with semen all over my body.
"You enjoy having all that semen inside you?" Matt asked.
"Yes. It turns me on knowing it's in there. But I feel like such a dirty little whore to enjoy it. I'm nothing more than a sexual degenerate." I said.
"And that's why I love you. You are absolutely perfect for me. For many reasons, you will always be my favorite. From your devotion to gay sex, to how much semen you release after getting banged by someone, everything you do is amazing. You should never change a thing. Especially your sexual desires. You are meant to be my boy. Everything you want, and everything you desire will come true, you sexy piece of shit. Your ultimate fantasy has been fulfilled. The most handsome guy you've ever seen ejaculating deep inside you. And soon, we'll do it again. And because you love how it's sitting in there, I have have something to make sure it remains in there while you are asleep." He said.
He then found a butt plug that fits perfectly into my butt.
"This will allow you to carry some of my hot semen in there throughout the night. You will always feel connected to me. And you can pretend that my cock is in there while you sleep. You may even notice some of the sperm is still leaking out, which will turn you on even more." Matt said.
With that he lubed up the butt plug, and inserted it into my ass.
Once it was in there, Matt told me it's time for me to go to sleep.
"Matt, I want to sleep with your jizz still all over my skin as well. Please don't make me shower." I begged.
"I promise you, baby boy. You will sleep in a puddle of cum, and sweat. You will wake up smelling like I fucked you last night. Even your pillow will smell like I came on it." He said.
He then carried me to where I would be sleeping that night, laying me down on a soft bed with no blankets.
"And this only the beginning, Alex. Infact, I want to give you a nickname. Something cuter. How about Lexi? Because it sounds like the name of a gay guy." Matt suggested.
"I love it! How fitting. I feel like a gay bitch who's been taken advantage of. Which, let's be honest, I am. Thank you for doing this to me, Matt." I said.
"You are welcome. Also, I would love for you to help out with the farming tomorrow. It will be quite hot out tomorrow, but that won't be an issue for you because you'll working naked the whole time. It will be so sexy seeing you running around the farm wearing nothing but some sunscreen and bug spray. No one will be able to resist you. Afterall, you are perfect for me. Your hot and young body is exactly what every gay man wants. And this is only this only the beginning. So much more will come along the way. Maybe even more extreme measures." He said.
With that, he left the room, and we fell asleep.