That weekend started off as another date night for Denise on this Friday afternoon with a man she met on Match.com. These date nights for Denise had become a routine thing about monthly or sometimes two or three times a month. I shouldn't say "routine" because every time was just as exciting and invigorating as the first time! Sharing my wife with other men keeps her vibrant and energetic. The more she gets, the more she wants! And I get the benefit of being married to the sexiest, craziest, most beautiful Hotwife in this part of the world!
I stay at home eagerly awaiting her text updates and usually a few XXX rated pictures with her dates. i stay home and masturbate looking at these pictures and knowing that at this very moment my wife is spreading her legs for another man or sucking another anonymous cock! i cant wait for her to get home because I am always rewarded with a cum filled, cum covered Hotwife at the end of the date. I am "allowed" to lick, suck and eat her clean while she tells me every detail about her night of sexual debauchery! All I have to do for this pleasure is to not cum without her permission and never touch any woman but her. I put together this story of this weekend recalling what I saw with my own eyes and what Denise told me during, and after our clean up session confessional.
Dee did not tell me before the date that her lover for the evening was a black man. She had always told me that she never fantasized about interracial sex. She didn't want me to know that she had lied to me about that. She had previously confessed that when she was in college she fucked one black guy several times and loved it, but he started dating someone else. She pointed him out to me on TV! His career now is as a well known weather reporter for one of the National cable weather news services. Every time we see him on TV now, she wants fuck. Sometime now I ask her "You want to watch The Weather Channel?". LOL!
She left our condo well before dark that summer Friday afternoon, wearing cut off Daisy Duke shorts that left her smooth, plump, firm ass cheeks peeking out seductively, accompanied by a thin, red plaid lumberjack print checkered button up shirt that was thin enough to let her erect nipples clearly show through. The sleeves cut off deep enough to show off a great deal of side boob. It was totally unbuttoned and tied in front below her braless tits and above her bellybutton. She packed an overnight bag this time. She had never done that before. She obviously had a plan that she had not let me in on. But it's her date, so whatever she wants, she gets. I know not to ask too many questions.
She said "I can't wait to tell you all about my date when I get back. His pictures are so fucking hot! I can't wait to touch him and feel his touch! Don't wait up for me."
"Let me see his pictures before you go!" I nearly begged.
Denise didn't even answer me. She shot me that "Who the hell do you think you are?" look, grabbed my nuts and squeezed them hard as if to remind me to remember my place, gave me a peck on the cheek and walked to her car, shaking her ass deliberately and looking over her shoulder to make sure I was watching.
Denise doesn't usually show her sexy ass so flagrantly, but she was making an issue of it tonight. She later told me that her date had told her in his emails that he couldn't wait to show off her big ass. She looked so fucking slutty! OMG! I so adore that woman and I love the fact that other men want her too!
Something felt unsettling about this time and the overnight bag, so I decided to follow her.
The only thing she told me about this date beforehand was that according to his email photos he has a really big cock. Denise was giddy with excitement to meet him. Shes always been a "sucker" for big cocks!
Unbeknownst to me at the time, she wasn't meeting him for dinner out like she usually did, to check him out first, and make sure she feels safe with him. This time she was meeting him at his house.
I followed her at a distance. She never saw me. I found myself playing with my dick as I followed her. She went to a less than desirable neighborhood. She looked so fucking sexy, even slutty as she walked up to the front door of this old house and knocked. The neighbors had to think she was a high priced prostitute making a house call. Yes! That's exactly what Denise looked like! My wife looked like a professional prostitute! I had to chuckle to myself as I realized I was the only one watching her who knows that she is not a prostitute. I knew that whoever this guy might be, he is about to get sucked and fucked by my wife for free! That's the difference between a prostitute and a whore. Prostitutes do it for the money. Whores like my precious wife, Denise, do it because... well, because she's a WHORE! She can't help it! I love that about her! I'm so proud to call her my wife! I could go on, but I need to tell this story...
The door swung open and this big, muscular black guy reached out and put his arm around my wife, landing his giant hand square on her ass and pulling her into his body as he landed a big kiss square on her mouth! She reached around his sculpted body and returned his embrace even to the point of grabbing his ass with both hands! He pulled her into his house and let the door close behind them.
I was beginning to think that maybe she already knew this guy. They obviously skipped the "get to know you" phase. (Denise assured me later that she had never seen him before this Match.com date.)
I watched the house but could see no movement. Maybe 10 minutes later the garage door opened and Denise emerged from the garage with her sexy plaid shirt untied and falling away to the sides of her bare breasts! Her hair was a mess. She told me later that he had pulled her into his house and just inside the door, opened her blouse and roughed up her breasts with his big hands. After only a short time of that he pushed her to her knees, pulled out his massive black cock and forced it into her mouth and halfway down her throat. He started forcefully face-fucking her hard and fast as he held her head tight throughout his rapid assault!
Denise told me that she could feel the cum splashing down her throat as he came through multiple spasms before loosening his grip on her head. She felt every long hard inch of it sliding out as he slowly pulled out of her throat and mouth. When he had withdrawn, he smeared his softening cock all over her face. He told Denise "That was perfect. I wanted to make sure you could handle it before I wasted the whole night with you. Now that I came once I can last longer for you next time, and the time after that and the time after that. I hope you're ready to be getting fucked all fucking night." She assured him that she could keep up with him. He told her to go open the garage door and wait outside for him. She but her blouse back on he said "No, Bitch! Leave them big white titties out for me show 'em off!" She gladly did as she was told. Denise is quite the exhibitionist in her own right.
It was still daylight and she was standing bare-breasted in the driveway! I couldn't see him, but she didn't seem the least bit shy about showing her tits to the entire low rent "Hood."
A good bit of his kink for the evening was all about him showing off "his" mature, blond married white woman everywhere they went. He wanted people to see him with a hot, slutty, blond married white woman. Denise was more than happy to be used by him to fulfill his interracial fantasy. She was fulfilling hers at the same time. She told me that he really got off on the thought of fucking "... some white dude's cheating wife."
A minute or two later I heard a loud, rumbling engine crank up and he drove out of the garage on a big badass Harley Davidson motorcycle. He was wearing skin-tight black leather pants and was shirtless. His super dark skin was glistening with sweat and muscles as he stopped the bike and grabbed one of Denise's bare tits and pulled her toward him. I could clearly see the outline of his long, fat cock through his thin, skin-tight leather pants!
He squeezed her exposed tit and pulled it to his mouth. Her head flew back and her blond hair flipped over her shoulder as she grabbed his head and pulled it tighter against her chest. He let up from her tit and motioned for Denise to hop on the back of the bike. She did so without hesitation. She scooted up so that her naked breasts were pressed up against his perspiration coated black back. He leaned back against her as she reached around and rubbed her hands all over his six pack abs and his firm chest. I could see that she was tweaking his nipples as he put the bike in gear and started driving forward. I would have given anything to lick his salty sweat from her glistening breasts at that moment!
With her aboard, he revved up the engine and put it in gear. As he pulled out of the driveway, he turned right. Luckily I was parked off to the left, so Denise didn't see me.
As they reached speed, Denise leaned back and her shirttails blew in the wind, totally exposing Denise's pale skinned torso as her tits bounced weightlessly to the rhythms of the bike. Her date glanced over his shoulder and raised his thumb as if showing approval for her blatant exhibitionism. He was no doubt proud to be seen with her.
About that time I saw the bright sun glistening off my wife's diamond wedding ring, reminding me that this was my own wife fucking around on me...Again! It just became real to me tonight. This was actually my very own wife who was about to get long-dicked by an amazingly handsome black man! I almost came in my pants!
The contrast between her blonde hair, blue eyes and pale white skin against his dark black glistening skin, astride the black, shiny Harley, was not lost on anyone they passed along the drive. Honestly, I think his skin tone was darker than I had ever seen. He was gorgeous!
The picture in front of me did not match the image of my upwardly mobile, professionally proper white wife! Although I know that she fucks a lot of different guys, she had seldom varied much from her professional businessman dates or her occasional college upper class men. All of whom were upwardly mobile Caucasian males. She seemed to favor the pretty boy types. (Although she did give the black custodian at work a blow job once and she will seduce a blur collar subordinate from time to time.)
It soon became apparent to me that they were headed to the beach, about a 20 minute drive, perhaps to take in the sunset.
Throughout this drive Denise kept her bare breasts exposed to everyone on the route. There was never any attempt to cover her tits. Quite the opposite! She seemed to make every effort to expose them as they drove slowly through downtown Clearwater. The only time they were ever even slightly covered was when she reached around his body to either rub his chest or reaching further, to apparently grab his leather covered cock. There were a couple of times when it looked like she had slipped her hand down inside the front of his black leather pants, rubbing his cock. I wish I could have seen more clearly.
The way she sat on the bike made her tiny shorts disappear. It looked like she was sitting bare bottomed on the seat of that rumbling Harley! She appeared nude except for the shirttails blowing in the wind behind her!
Denise later confirmed that she was indeed rubbing his bare cock as they rode. She told me that he had ordered her to ride with her tits exposed and to show her naked breasts to everyone along the way.
Still not convinced of her safety, (and horny as hell), I decided I better do my best to keep an eye on her throughout the date. If there is such a look, this guy looked dangerous. Maybe that's not the right word, he was respectable looking, not thuggish, even handsome, although his neighborhood left a lot to be desired.
We arrived at the Clearwater Beach public parking lot about 30 minutes before sunset. Luckily the parking lot was crowded enough that I could park without Denise seeing my truck.
Denise stepped off the bike and stood next to it waiting for her new man to dismount. Her blouse was still completely unbuttoned and there were a LOT of people who likely saw her naked breasts! This is not a clothing optional Beach, this is very much a crowded public, family beach.
She turned to her date, spread her arms out wide, palms up as if to ask him "Is this what you want from me?" as she jiggled her tits for him.
He reached out to her, laughed, placed one hand on each of her shoulders and pushed the blouse off her shoulders till it fell halfway down her back. He took a half step back as if admiring his prize. He pulled her chest to his and they engaged in a prolonged sensual kiss, breast against chest, skin against skin. I was watching my sexy Hotwife rub her breasts and nipples across the chest of this very sexy young black man! It took my breath as I took in this erotic sight.
He stepped back again, looked at her tits and then looked around the parking lot, apparently surveying the crowd. They were definitely drawing a fair amount of spectators. He reached down and took hold of her shirttails, pulled them around front and tied them loosely under her breasts. For the moment her breasts were at least partially covered.
Denise tousled her blond hair, which was quite unruly after the motorcycle ride, tossed her head to throw her hair back and then leaned up against her new man, snuggled close, and put one arm around his bare waist and rested her other hand on his perfect, black, glistening chest as she laid her head against his smooth firm skin. He pulled her up closer as they walked through the crowd toward the beach. She had totally submitted to him and wanted him to be confident of that. She was very proud of being the blond eye-candy on his arm.
It wasn't until getting this closer look at them that I realized that this perfect figure of a man couldn't be more than 35 years old and he might have been as young as 25. Yes, im certain he is closer to 25. Denise was a very sensual 47 years of age at the time. She was holding true to her Cougar tendencies. Even at 47 Denise was hotter and sexier and more beautiful than 90% of the girls half her age. Her slightly thick, curvy figure was something most men drooled over! Her blond hair and steely blue come-fuck-me eyes certainly added to her allure. Her height, at just under 5 feet tall, helped her to appear vulnerable and submissive, although she could be quite the commanding FemDom Bitch when it suited her.
Her date for the night towered over her at about 6'4". He definitely had the physical appearance of a man's man and a lady killer. They made a striking couple as they contrasted each other in every physical way. Dark black on pale white. Muscled on full figured. Tall on petite. They were certainly attracting a lot of vouyeristic glares from the other beach goers. It was quite obvious that they intended to attract attention.
They walked out onto the pier, stopping a couple of times to make out and grope each others bodies in this very public setting. Apparently they both had strong exhibitionist tendencies at the moment. Denise's hands were rubbing all over his back, arms and chest as they both massaged the others ass cheeks while they kissed. My little cock was rock hard! Denise's nearly naked ass bounced and swayed suggestively as it was framed by her faded, thread bare, tattered and barely-there Daisy Dukes!
Thankfully they didn't walk too far out on the pier, so I could still see them clearly. They turned and started walking back in my direction, Denise's cameltoe was pressing deeper into her pussy lips and beginning to show a noticeable damp spot.
I managed to disappear into the crowd in the parking lot.
As the blatantly sexy couple reached the land end of the pier, they turned and walked back to his bike. He retrieved a blanket from the saddlebag. They continued to stroll back down toward the beach.
They walked hand in hand in the sand near the rip rap and sand dune edge of the beach, never walking down to the water. As they walked, Denise continually touched him on his arm, and on his chest as she laid her face against his bare muscled bicep. She was flirting as if showing him, and everyone watching, that she was his for the taking. I've seen her in this mood before. She was definitely his for the taking. I know her; she was ready do anything he asked or demanded.
As they walked, he slid his big hand beneath her shorts so that he was manhandling her bare ass. She looked up at him and smiled approvingly as he did that. They walked about 50 yards from the pier and stopped.
He pointed and was apparently telling Denise where to spread out the blanket. He had her pull it up next to the rocks, almost shaded by some tall grass but still very open to the beach.
She was on her hands and knees spreading out the blanket, her big, firm white ass almost glowing in the bright red setting sun. She knew exactly what she was doing.
He was intently watching her big white ass spilling out from under her cut-offs. He went to his knees, put both hands on her ass cheeks, spread them wide and kissed both cheeks and then licked up the center. She looked back over her shoulder and visibly sighed. He recovered and then swiftly slapped her ass! Hard! She gasped audibly. He slapped her even harder with his other hand on her other ass cheek! He had no idea that Denise is a spanking and anal sex junkie! He really had her turned on now! He had released her inner monster. She LOVES being spanked! She literally begs to be spanked!
Denise pulled her pants to the side exposing her asshole to him. He grabbed her ass with one hand and forced his big thumb up her asshole! He slapped her ass again a couple of times and then said something I couldn't hear.
He walked around her and then sat on the rocks in front of her, stuck his thumb in her mouth and had her suck it clean, just like she sucks a cock when it pulls out of her ass! He pointed between his feet and Denise cuddled up between his feet and snuggled up close to him with her head on his lap. He said something else and she started rubbing his crotch through his leather pants.
In short order she unbuckled his pants, reached in and started pulling his cock out. It actually took two hands for her to get it out. I know it sounds cliche and like an exaggerated story line, but I swear his cock had to have been over a foot long! From my position I could see that as she held his cock it was very similar to the size of her forearm!
My wife held his now hard cock in both hands, looked up at his dark eyes with her baby-blues as she licked him from the base to the top, holding his giant balls like a pistol grip. As she reached the top, her head tilted forward and her mouth opened and she lowered her head over his cockhead. It was amazing watching his cock disappear inch by inch down Denise's throat! With two hands, one halfway around his cock and other still gripped around his balls, her lips made it all the way down until she had to move her hand to allow more of him to be swallowed! Then up again to the top and quickly back down all the way again! His head rolled back and his hips jerked as my talented wife continued to suck his massive, and might I add, BIG (BEAUTIFUL) BLACK COCK! He was truly a BBC!
He took her blond hair in his big black hands and guided her up and down to a rhythm that suited him. He was pulling her hair in a way that had to be rather painful for her. After no more than two minutes, he jerked her head off his big cock, yanking her hair. He held a handful of her blond hair in one hand and grabbed his wet shiny cock with the other as he slapped her face with his hard dick, first on one cheek and then the other, back and forth for several slaps! Then he rubbed it across her eyelids and nose and he even pulled her face down to his balls as he rubbed his wet cock all over her forehead. He pushed her down further till her face was pressed against his asshole! I heard him say "Oh DAMN! SHIT! I didn't even have to tell you to lick my asshole! You know what your man wants! Nasty BITCH! That's right! Keep sliding that tongue up my ass! FUCK YES! DAMN YOU'RE GOOD! This Blond Bitch is tongue-fucking my black ass! It don't get no better than you, Bitch! DAMN!!!" As if he was an announcer doing a porn play-by-play for his audience.
Denise was totally submissive to him and did not fight against this assault. I know from past experience that my wife loves rimming an asshole as much as she likes having hers rimmed.
He stood up causing Denise to rise to her knees, his cock still slapping her face. They both seemed oblivious to the remaining daylight and the crowd that had gathered to watch the sunset, although much of this crowd was now totally focused on my wife and her sexy black lover.
He said something to her and she laid down on the blanket on her back. He stood over her stroking his cock. He said something to her and she took off her blouse and tossed it aside. He said something else and she slipped off her Daisy Dukes. My wife was now totally nude on the public beach! Her lover went to his knees, bent over and licked her big pussy! One long lick and he slid up and lined his cock up with her pussy. Denise reached down and grabbed his cock and guided him into her pussy. As the head entered her pussy, she looked into his eyes and nodded her head "YES"! He nodded in agreement and in one long stroke, slammed his cock all the way into her very experienced cunt! Her face winced, her head flew back and she shuddered as he left his cock buried deep in her and ground it round and round inside of her. My wife looked like she was having a long continuous super-orgasm! It was amazing to watch! She was practically screaming!
Some strange white guy walked up and said "Hey Lady! Are you OK?"
The black guy fucking her never looked up and if anything he started fucking my wife even harder and faster! Denise's eyes rolled back in her head and she answered the unknown white guy in a guttural tone as she said "I'm FUCKING FABULOUS! Now FUCK OFF!" The cadence of her voice was punctuated by his stabbing, deep thrusts in her pussy. From over 50 feet away I could clearly hear her juicy cunt sloshing around his magnificent black cock!
After fucking her for quite a respectful time, he threw her knees over his shoulders, and resting on his toes, he held her arms down as he pulled nearly all the way out of her pussy, paused for a short second, and then slammed all the to the hilt into her! Denise's ass raised up off the blanket as his cockhead hit bottom. She screamed unintelligibly "ARRRGGGHHHH!" every time he came to the end of his stroke! After about his 10th long hard slam, he stayed pressed deep in her! His convulsions were visible to all of us watching! He was cumming deep in my beautiful wife's cavernous cunt! I have never come close to fucking her that well! I was so proud of her! I know that every man there watching was wishing that was his wife! Most of the women were probably wishing that they could trade places with her.
He laid down beside her, both of them still totally naked. He pulled the blanket around them both. They were making out like two 19 year old lovers who just discovered sex!
After no more than 10 minutes, Denise's head disappeared beneath the blanket. The sun had gone down but it was still pretty light out and the lights from the pier still shone on the two interracial exhibitionists.
It was dark enough that I felt safe moving in closer to the newfound lovers. From here I could see that Denise was under the covers sucking his cock yet again! His head was above the blanket and his face was winched and his teeth gritted as he bounced his ass off the blanket slamming it into her mouth.
He threw the cover off and my wife's alabaster nude body practically glowed in the moonlight as his dark cock disappeared into her mouth and reappeared as her head bobbed up and down on his super hard cock.
He suddenly flipped off of her, grabbed her forcefully and rolled her over onto her stomach. On his knees behind her he grabbed her hips and effortlessly raised her ass up until she was on her knees and elbows with her big white ass pointed upwards. He started spanking her ass, first one side then the other! Denise was breathing hard and screaming "YES! Yes! YESSSS!!! Oh FUCK YES! Spank me! Spank your dirty girl! I deserve it! I need it! Please SPANK ME!"
He laughed and said "Girrrl! You crazy as shit! DAMN YOUR A HOT ONE! Give me that big white ass!"
"Oh my Gosh! YESSS! Take my ass!" She screamed! At this point she didn't care who was watching or else she WANTED to make sure people were watching!
Her lover knee-walked his long cock up to Denise's ass and brought his cockhead up to her ass hole. Denise reached back, guided his cock to her asshole and said "Right there big boy! Don't just tease me, FUCK MY ASS! I need to feel that big black monster up my ass!
As he pushed the head into her asshole, Denise slammed her ass back against him and forced his cock DEEP into her ASS!
With her face buried in the blanket, Denise was yelling "Deeper motherfucker! FUCK MY ASS! Give me ALL that black cock up my ass! Youre not fucking some school girl now, youre fucking a REAL WOMAN! HARDER! HURT MY ASS!"
He was fucking her hard and fast! With every downstroke Denise was mumbling "YES! Yes! Yes!" And she was slamming her ass back against his cock matching him stroke-for-stroke every time! Then he slowed down his pace. He laid on top of Denise and pinned her to the ground with his body. He pressed her legs together and moved his legs out and around her hips and ass. He was spread around her body with his legs and arms, and never missed a stroke as he continued his deep, slow strokes in and out of my wife's asshole. His sweaty, body-builder, black skin was actually shining in the moonlight, sweat dripping off of him as his hips undulated, slowly pressing his long cock in and out of my wife's ass. I heard him say "Damn Bitch! I can't believe you taking my whole dick up yo tight ass! Ain't no whore ever taken ALL of it like this!"
Denise answered "Whatever you do just don't stop. You feel FUCKING amazing in me! Fuck my ass. FUCK MY ASS HARDER!"
He slammed really, really hard for a few strokes til once again she was screaming "YESSSS!"
There were several couples walking on the beach in the dark and some of them were walking very near the end of the naked couples blanket. Some even stopped and watched the free live porn show.
In the middle of a scream, he raised up on his knees and slammed her violently hard for a few strokes. As she grunted loudly, he slapped her ass super hard and rapidly. I could tell she was sobbing. I almost felt the urge to intervene. About that time she yelled, louder than ever "FUCK YEAH! Hurt me damn it! Harder' deeper! TAKE ME! HURT ME! IM ALL YOURS! OH MY GHHHHH! This never felt SO...FUCKING...GOOD! Give me that BLACK COCK!" Her voice had gotten deep and raspy.
I could tell he was about to cum in my wife for about the 4th time tonight! This time deep in her ass. Much deeper than I ever had. He suddenly, somehow managed to flip them both over until Denise was on top without ever letting his cock slip out of her ass! Denise was now on top of her black lover with her legs spread over his hips and her big tight ass impaled over his black monster cock.
Her put his big hands around her sculpted waist and lifted her glow-in-the-dark alabaster body until she was sitting straight up over his cock with her head thrown back, shiny blonde hair cascading down her back and hands resting on his thighs behind her and her rock hard breasts and nipples pointed toward the sky! He was thrusting his hips up to meet her ass pounding, slamming back down to his balls!
He held her in that position as he ordered Denise "Stay in that position. You have an audience now Baby! Let these people see your hot ass body! Rub your titties for me. Show these good people your naked titties! Show them how much you love black cock! Show them you are my fucking Queen of Spades! They ain't never seen a white woman get ass fucked like this! Rub your ass Bitch! Spread it wide. Let 'em see that big black cock up your ass, Baby! Put on a show! Let 'em see this married ass white Whore BITCH belongs to this Black motherfucker now! Show em how much you love black cock! Wouldn't your husband love to see your naked ass right now, like all these other good white people are?"
He continued to hold her up on display while he unmercifully pounded her asshole with his magnificent cock! I could see the perspiration running down between her tits! She didn't seem to tire of the relentless pounding, matching him stroke for stroke, landing hard on him on every downstroke!
By now there were several people standing at the foot of the blanket mesmerized by this live, public sex show! Denise was moving her head around making eye contact with everyone. Still I'm certain she never focused on me. By now I had my dick out jerking off as did a few other men in the crowd. Several couples also remained transfixed on this amazing show. Some had their cell phones out filming. This reminded me of watching my ex-wife, Mitzi, putting on live sex shows at the adult theaters in Tampa, except this was on a the public beach in nearby Clearwater. Denise could have easily been observed by someone we know! I still search the Internet for one of those videos. I know she must be on the web somewhere! If I ever find it I'll definitely repost it!
Then I heard "DAMN BITCH! How you make your asshole that fucking tight? You trying to break my dick?"
Denise's laughter echoed all along the beach! She was obviously proud of herself!
"You tying to break my fucking cock, Bitch?!!!"
He almost begged her to loosen her grip on his cock! She answered by slamming down hard on his cock... like she was trying to smash his balls. Denise answered "CUM in my ass! Plant your black seed deep in my married white ass! Cum in my ass, Motherfucker!" She slammed down one more time and rotated her ass back and forth and round and round impaling his cock completely in her ass.
I knew what she was doing. She had done it to me many times. She was tightening and loosening her sphincter muscle around the very base of his cock. She was literally milking his cock with her asshole till he couldn't help but cum! As tight as she squeezes my little dick, I can only imagine how tight it felt around his big monster black fuck pole!
I'm sure he planned on teaching this married white bitch about getting fucked to death, but he had never encountered a woman like Denise before!
Denise continued twerking her ass around on his fat cock till he started convulsing! I could see her asshole sucking his cock up as she rose up over him and squeezing him even tighter as she slammed her ass back down till his entire cock was shoved deep into my wife's ass!
As Denise yelled "CUM MOTHERFUCKER!", he banged his hips upward, grabbed her hips tightly and screamed "Aaaggghhh FUCK! FUCK! AWE HELL YESSS! DAUUUMN!!! HOLY SHIT, BITCH!!!
Need I say more? He was obviously filling her ass with his mighty blasts of cum!
Denise finally relaxed her ass and slumped down over her lover. She smiled an evil smile as she reached back and rubbed some cum off his cock, even before he pulled it out of her ass, and brought her cum covered finger to her mouth and sucked it clean like she was sucking a tiny dick.
I heard her say "Is Denise the nasty white married Whore you were hoping for?"
He shook his head and breathed deeply as he said "Fuck yes! I ain't never...". She stopped him with a very sensual kiss.
Denise laughed again and said "You haven't fucked this white pussy enough yet. Are you sure you can handle it?" She continued with "What I need from you now is a little less talk and a lot more action! Take me home fuck me like I need to be fucked!"
I could almost swear I heard applause from the beach goers!
He stood up, still totally naked, his big cock hanging down in front of his body. He looked like a big black shadow standing there hovering over my sexy wife. she couldnt resist taking in in both hands and licking it like an ice cream cone. "I need to clean it for you, its been in my ass. I cant leave it nasty like that."
He said "When you finish, hand me my pants and get dressed. Don't forget my blanket either!" Denise finished licking and sicking him clean.
He started walking off toward his bike. She grabbed her clothes and scurried along behind him. At the bike she put her Daisy Dukes back on and tucked his blanket into the saddle bag.
He cranked the bike and motioned for her to get on. As Denise was putting her blouse on, he reached for it. She handed it to him. He started driving off with my topless wife sitting on the back of his Harley. As they made their way through the parking lot he held her blouse over his head and let it blow away in the wind as they drove off; my slutty wife topless on the back of his bike!
As I practically jogged to my truck, I stopped and picked up my wife's blouse.
I followed them back to his house where I saw about 6 or 8 cars, including Denise's, parked all around the house. Every light in the house was on and there was obviously a party going on! There was loud rap and hip-hop music blaring from the house.
As they got off the bike, he looked at my topless wife standing in front of his house and turned to her car and pointed towards it. Then he pointed to the house. Denise motioned toward her own nearly nude body as if to say; "Do you expect me to go in there dressed like this?"
He nodded "No" and pointed at her pussy. That seemed strange until I saw Denise slip her thumbs into those old cut-offs and shimmy out of them! She handed them to him and he tossed them over the hedgerow onto the sidewalk at the street. OMG! My wife was on the sidewalk of this Party House, on the wrong side of town, totally naked at about 10:30 at night.
Her black lover reached for her hand and escorted Denise to his front door. The only defense she had now was the cellphone in her hand. He opened the front door and walked into the house, ushering Denise inside in front of himself.
There was a split second of total silence in the house followed by loud, tribal-like sounds emanating from the people inside welcoming my naked white wife into their raucous party. The only thing I saw from that point was a crowd of young black men closing ranks around my naked, nasty slutty Hotwife! Their hands begain roaming all over her body as the front door shut behind them. The last sound I heard was her "date" laughing!
I had just lost any hope of "rescuing" my beautiful white Cougar wife from this crowd of black thugs.
I walked from my truck to the front of the house and retrieved her slutty cut-off jeans from the sidewalk and walked back to my truck, totally defeated.
As I sat in my truck helplessly watching the house, I picked up her Daisy Dukes and found them to still be warm. I felt the undeniable slick warmth of his cum soaking nearly the whole of her sexy shorts! His thick white cum was puddled in the folds of my wifes cut-offs!
I did what any defeated Cuckold white husband would do. I sucked her black lovers sweet cum from the seat of my wife's jean shorts as I sat in my truck watching the party house and jerking off!
I suddenly realized that Denise had not sent me any texts or photos since she left our house to go on her date. That was highly unusual for her. She always sends me sextexts or photos from her dates to keep me interested and to prove that she is indeed having sex... cuckolding me. She always takes this opportunity to tell me to masturbate, but not to cum... yet. She likes to humiliate me about my tiny dick and brag to me about her fucking "Real Men!"
I had the brilliant idea that I should text her. I simply said "Are you OK. Do I need to call the COPS? It's been hours! You always text me!"
A few minutes later she answered my text "I'm doing GREAT! At a party. No time to chat. Don't wait up for me. And don't you dare cum! You're really going to love hearing about these BIG boys! She ended with a with a 'wink' emoji." Followed by "I'll see you sometime tomorrow."
Then I remembered she had taken an overnight bag. She had planned on staying all night from the beginning. Slutty Bitch! I use that phrase out of love and respect.
I drove home with my tail tucked between my legs. Have you ever tried to sleep while knowing that your wife is cuckolding you with a gang of black men? I think I finally dozed off about 6:00AM with my head laying on her cum soaked shorts and her plaid shirt laying on her pillow beside me. DAMN! I still can't believe how much I love that woman!
She spent the night with them that night. After telling me the story she told me that he finally did properly fuck her on his bed. He and all four of his teammates! Turns out they were all members of a minor league baseball team who were just in town for the weekend. But this is his hometown and they all partied at his old homeplace for the weekend. Instead of each of them finding a girl or hiring prostitutes like they usually do, he and Denise agreed to let Denise be the entertainment for the night. It seems like all those young black men now have a fetish for blue eyed, blonde haired, married Cougars!
Denise agreed that they could call on her next time they are in town.
Saturday morning she got up early, showered there, dressed in a pair of thin kaki capri pants, with no panties, and a super thin transparent silk blouse, with no bra, fixed her hair and bid them farewell.
Her date complimented her for going back to her husband looking so damn sexy. Denise thanked him for the compliment and explained that she was not going back to her husband this morning; she has a date with a married man... he's taking her for a morning walk on the beach. "And I'm going to make sure he brings a blanket!" She winked at him.
He replied "Lucky Bastard!"
Denise stepped forward and rubbed his cock and said "There's still time for you to get lucky one more time before I go."
She dropped to her knees and pulled his already hard cock out of his sweats and licked the head. She said "Im gonna miss this thing! Just relax. Let me do all the work. And don't mess up my hair and makeup. Just hurry up and cum down my throat and then I have go. I'm already running late."
He didn't say a word. Still standing, he put his hands on his hips and let my wife have her way with his cock.
She said that his knees nearly buckled as he started cumming! She grabbed his ass and pulled him all the way down her throat. She made sure he was completely drained before she let his big cock escape her grasp. She stood up and smiled at him as she ran her cum covered tongue across the front of her perfect white teeth. She rubbed his cum over her bright red French Whore lipstick and said. "I hope he can taste you when I kiss him. He's a sweetheart, but he doesn't have a clue what I do for fun."
I didn't know at the time that Saturday morning exactly what Denise had planned for her Saturday, but I woke with a hard-on and her crusty Daisy Dukes stuck to my cheek. I knew I had to get rid of them quickly before she came home.
I didn't want to explain to her how I ended up with them. I sucked on the dried crotch until they were wet and pliable again. They smelled and tasted amazing!...a lot like her pussy does when I eat another man's fresh cum out of her. I nearly added my cum to them but Denise had not yet given me permission to cum.
I took the blouse and tattered shorts and secured them in my truck until I came up with a better plan. All I knew right now was that I didn't want to get rid of them and I couldn't explain to Denise how I came into possession of them. She still doesnt know i followed her that Friday night.
At about 10:00AM I finally texted Denise to inquire about her well-being. Her rather quick reply was "Sorry I forgot to mention, I have a photo shoot today. I probably won't be home till later this evening."
I asked "Did you have fun last night? I kept getting excited thinking about what you might be getting into... or what might be getting into you, but you never sent me any pictures like you always do."
Denise texted back "You were right to be excited for me! You didn't cum without me did you?"
"No. Ma'm, I didn't. May I now?"
"NO SIR, you may not! I will have some awesome stories to tell you when I get home! Last night was CRAZY, and I'm sure today will be rewarding as well. You stay home and play with your cute little micro cock and think about your Niecy sucking cock and fucking while you wait at home like a good little boy." "Niecy"is a pet name for "Denise."
I now had a plan for her nasty whore clothes! I wrapped up her crusty shorts and blouse in plain brown paper. I took it to the Post Office in the neighborhood where her black lovers house is, so it would be postmarked from there. Inside the package I placed a printed note that read "I know what you did last night. You put on quite a show on Clearwater Beach. See if you can find the video online. I won't tell you where I posted it. You knew we were all watching. Does your husband know about your black lovers? Do your workmates know? Don't you wonder how I got your name and address? Don't worry about me. I'll never tell, but I may want a date some weekend! I hear you enjoy the beach. So would I. I'll see you soon!"
I addressed it to Denise and mailed it to our house but I didn't sign a name. I have noticed that the blouse is back hanging in her closet and the sexy ass Daisy Dukes are back in the drawer. I can't wait till she wears them out on another date! She told me about her date, but she never told me about losing her clothes. She still has said nothing about the package.
And maybe I'll write about her Saturday photo shoot date soon.
Writing this story has me horny as fuck right now remembering some of the things Denise has done. I may have to call her and ask for permission to cum.