Note: If any of the categories on literotica bother you, my apologies, because this story has nearly every one in it!
I suppose I should've seen it coming, being a trained psychologist. But I guess it's like the painter's house that always needs painting, or the roofer who has a roof caving in. In my case, it was the wife who didn't come home. After 25 years of marriage, one day she just disappeared. She was gone without word for two days before her sister called to tell me not to worry. She was ok, in a safe place, and she needed some time to sort some things out. Something about finding herself, or something.
Naturally, I spent some time trying to evaluate that information. I thought we were ok, she seemed pretty happy. We had never had kids, we were financially stable. On the negative side, our sex life had fallen off some, but it had never been a big part of our relationship. She had never really been into it, and at some point over the past 10 years, I had made the decision that the occasional missionary position romp wasn't much worth the effort. Which was ok, we just had a comfortable, passionless partnership.
I waited for about a month for her to come home, but being alone in the house we had shared for 25 years was getting to be a drag. So I closed up the house, leaving everything in place. I figured one day she'd come back, and we could just pick up where we left off. I had a hard time imagining the complications of starting over. My life was simple, I had never even been with another woman, so the idea of not being in that comfort zone was pretty intimidating. I figured she was the same and would eventually come back to our comfortable life.
In the meantime, I took up residence across town at an apartment complex. I got all new furniture, even got new clothes, figured a fresh start would do me good. The apartment was about a fourth of the size of my house, but I didn't need much space, and I was counting on it being temporary.
My life became simple, quiet and painfully lonely. Some days I couldn't decide what was worse - going to work and listen to people whine about their problems all day, or go home and sit in a dark room by myself. I could feel myself spiraling down into darkness and despair. If I'm being honest, I was on the fast track to offing myself.
Then one day, out of the blue, there was a knock on my door. It was early in the morning and I did not expect anyone, and no one ever visited. So when I opened the door and there was a beautiful young blonde standing there, my first thought was that I was dreaming.
"Hello, my name is Alana, I live a few doors down," she said. "My car won't start, I think it's the battery. I have some batteries, but I'm not sure what size I need."
She held out her hand, and showed me a handful of assorted batteries. Not car batteries, mind you, but the C and D size batteries that go into small appliances. My first thought was that maybe I was on a candid camera show, but I realized that this girl was just not that sharp.
"Uh, those batteries aren't going to work," I said. "How about if I jump you?"
She stepped back from the door with a look of horror and confusion on her face.
"I mean jump your car, with jumper cables," I added quickly.
Her expression changed and she nodded. I got the jumper cables out of my trunk, hooked up the batteries and got her car started in no time. I was closing her hood when she came over to thank me, giving me a quick hug.
"Thanks so much, I hate to jump and run but I'm late for class," she said. "Thanks so much though!"
I waved goodbye and went back to my lonely enclave, figuring I would never see Alana again. But later that afternoon, I heard another knock on the door, and there she was, smiling and holding what appeared to be a pie.
"Hi, I'm Alana again," she stammered nervously. "I just wanted to bring you something to thank you again for helping me out this morning. It's chocolate pie."
"I see, it looks delicious," I said. Actually, it looked like someone had put chocolate pudding into a pie crust and then sprayed some whipped cream on it and then dropped it on the floor and did a poor job of mashing it all back together, but I wanted to be nice. Also in an effort to be nice, I invited her inside, and unexpectedly, she accepted.
In fact, she stayed quite a while, and talked up a storm. Alana was a senior at the local college, lived just a few doors down, did modeling work on the side, loved puppies and had finished in the top ten of the latest Miss America pageant as a representative of the great state of Alabama, as she described it. She may have won the whole thing but the question and answer round didn't go well for her.
"I love Alabama, but its nice to be out of the south," she said.
I didn't really have the heart to tell her that North Carolina was not exactly out of the south, so I just let that go.
We talked about everything from the weather to politics, and eventually she asked some questions about me, so I had to tell her my sad story about being separated. As I told the story I realized that she actually teared up with empathy. She wasn't too smart, but she made up for it by being a real sweetheart.
"So what do you do for work?" she asked.
"I'm a psychologist, I help people with their problems," I replied.
"Ah, psychologist, so you can't subscribe drugs then," she said. She sounded sympathetic.
"Well, actually no I can't PRESCRIBE drugs," I said. "Only psychiatrists can do that. But I can prescribe sunshine, and that's even better."
She stared at me blankly for a minute before realizing I was joking, and she smiled warmly. "Well, I enjoyed the visit, and I hope I will see you again," she said.
"Me too," I replied, and I actually meant it. There aren't many men pushing 50 who wouldn't be more than delighted to spend time with a beauty queen.
I walked her to the door, and just as she was leaving she stopped and turned back. "Say, how would you like to come over for dinner tomorrow night," she said.
I was momentarily stunned, but I was able to collect myself enough to accept the invitation. She gave me her apartment number and told me to show up at 7 pm sharp.
After she was gone I spent the next hour or so pinching myself to make sure I was awake. Then I spent an hour having an idle fantasy about having sex with Miss Alabama on a dinner table filled with chocolate pie. Then I spent an hour scolding myself for imagining that she would ever be interested in a man twice her age. Then I spent another hour having more idle fantasies about just that. By that time it was time to go to bed, so I went to bed and spent the next 8 hours mostly staring at the ceiling.
By the time the next evening rolled around I was a train wreck. I wasn't sure what Alana was serving for dinner, so I ended up picking up a bottle of red and white. I walked down and was about to knock on her door, before I suddenly realized I was 15 minutes early and went back home to twiddle my thumbs some more. Finally, 7 pm rolled around, and I walked down to her apartment and knocked on the door. Which was opened by someone who was not Alana. The girl who answered the door was a short brunette with a hint of east asian in her brown eyes, which were covered by thick, black rimmed glasses. She was pretty in a bookish way, but she was a long way from Alana.
"Ah, excuse me, I was looking for Alana," I said, leaning back to double check the room number.
The girl looked at me like I was nuts. "Alana?" she said. "Is that the name of a person?"
I could feel myself getting a cold sweat. I was 100% certain of the room number, so the only explanation was that Alana had played a joke on me. Middle aged man, invited to dinner by beautiful blonde, who is now looking through the window of an apartment across the street, laughing like crazy with a half dozen coed friends.
"Ok, I must've gotten the room wrong," I said, slinking away in utter embarrassment.
But then suddenly, the girl broke out in a big grin and opened the door wide. "I'm just fuckin' with you, come on in," she laughed. "Alana is in the kitchen, she told us you were coming."
I breathed a sigh of relief, but also took a moment to clarify my confusion, which was obvious to the girl inviting me in.
"I'm Galena, Alana's roommate," she explained. "And this is Variel, our other roommate." She gestured towards the couch at a girl who was standing up walking towards us. She was a light skinned black girl, dressed in gym clothes, and as her saunter distinctly suggested that she was an athlete. She had short, dark hair, an amazing athletic figure, and the pretty, sexy look of a tom girl who never wears makeup and doesn't try to look good, but does anyway. She shook my hand with a grip that suggested she had spent a fair amount of time in the weight room.
I was still recovering from the handshake when Alana came in from the kitchen. "Hey, my battery hero," she said. "Welcome to the home of VAG."
Galena and Variel immediately rolled their eyes and giggled, sharing a private joke.
"VAG?" I said.
"VAG, as in Variel, Alana, Galena," Alana said, bewildered at her roommates amusement.
Variel giggled. "I'm sure that was the first thing that came to his mind."
Alana blushed, seemed to get the allusion and changed the subject. "Hey, you bought wine!"
"Yes, I wasn't sure what we were having, so I brought red and white," I said.
"Both are perfect, especially since we're all 20 and too young to buy booze," said Galena.
By this time my mind had reset from the idea of having a romantic dinner for two with a beautiful blonde to having a friendly dinner with a bunch of coeds treating me like a father figure.
As it turned out, Alana had cooked macaroni and cheese, the kind that comes four for a dollar out of the box, so red or white would've worked just fine. We drank both bottles over the course of the meal, and I even went home and got two more bottles. It was a lively, fun conversation, and I honestly couldn't remember a time when I had laughed more. All three girls had very different personalities, but they were all great kids. Alana was the ditzy blonde, but a lot smarter than she gave herself credit. Galena was the brilliant egghead, a double major in physics and biology. Variel was the easy going jock, super athletic and lover of sports. How the three of them came together I have no idea.
It was late into the night when I finally signaled that it was time for me to head home, and it felt fantastic that they legitimately acted like they weren't ready for me to leave. I had made my first friends since my separation, and as I gave them all a hug goodnight, I felt like a bright sun was coming through my dark clouds of misery.
The next day seemed to feel like I was a different person. I went for a run in the morning, made it into the office early, had some great break throughs with some of my patients. I felt like a new man. When I got back to the apartment I ran into my three new friends on their way to the swimming pool, and they invited me to join them. I managed to find something that resembled swimming trunks and met them at the pool. I had to remind myself that these girls were just new friends, but I couldn't help but notice that they all looked fabulous in swim suits. Alana with the two piece bikini that no doubt played a factor in winning a state pageant, Galena in a conservative one piece that showed off a surprisingly cute figure, and Variel, ever the jock, who had on a sports bra and basketball shorts.
We swam and talked late into the afternoon, and I realized at some point why they were so easily comfortable around me. I wasn't really a sexual threat of any kind, I was just the friendly older guy who was fun to hang out with. Which was fine with me, it was great just having new friends, and if my new friends just happened to be all smoking hot young girls, all the better.
And that's how the relationship developed, the VAG girls and me as the older guy friend. They called me Dr. D, which came out of nowhere since I don't even have a "D" in my name, and I wasn't a doctor. I gave them advice, helped them with things that came up, occasionally bought them booze. We even started a regular pizza and a movie night, where they would come over to my place, we'd order pizza and take turns picking out a movie to watch. Nothing makes movie watching better than to do it with three beautiful young women. All in all, my life had improved vastly. Then, just a few months in, things took a turn.
One afternoon there was a knock on the door, and there was Alana, looking a bit upset. I had her in and we sat down together on the couch.
"Dr. D, I need to talk to you, like as a sociologist," she said. "But I don't think I can afford it."
I smiled warmly. "You're in luck Alana, I actually offer my psychological services free to beautiful young blondes named Alana."
She stared at me blankly for a few minutes, until I felt compelled to clarify.
"I'm kidding," I said. "But I'm not going to charge you, I would be happy to help you."
I moved over to a chair opposite the couch and let Alana have the couch, to make it an official session. As usual, Alana was dressed to the nines, her blonde hair cascading over a tight gray silk blouse, finished off by a thigh high black leather skirt and high heels. Also as usual, I tried to sneak a peak down her blouse. She had a tendency to dress revealingly, and I didn't mind looking.
"Oh good," she said. "I think I have a problem."
"What kind of problem?"
She got very nervous and trembling. "Dr. D., I think I'm an exhibitist."
"An exhibitist?" I answered. "What does that mean?"
She looked at me like I was an idiot. "You know, like I enjoy exposing myself to other people."
I got lost in a train of thought for a moment at just how lucky other people were before I recovered and put my psychologist hat back on. "Alana, I think you mean exhibitionist. Why do you think you have this uh, problem?"
She blinked. "Exhibitionist, right that's what I meant. Well Dr. D., I get really aroused by showing my body off, and it gets me into trouble."
I tried to avoid gulping. "What kind of trouble?"
"Well, like I end up exposing myself to guys I barely know, and of course once I do that they want to take it a few steps further," she said. "Actually, several steps further. And I don't want to do that, and then they get mad."
"Yes, that could be a problem," I said. I was actually feeling more sorry for the poor guys who were getting blue balled. "Why do you think you are doing it?"
"I'm not sure, I think I'm just very proud of my body and I'm a very sharing person," she said. "But it's getting out of control. Last week I let a guy I don't know see my tits, just because he asked."
"Hmm," I said, lost in thought for several moments. Several thoughts, actually, bad ones mostly.
"I think what I need is some kind of outlet, a safe, controlled place where I can be an exhibitionist maybe once a week, sort of get it out of my system," she said.
"Well, that would be one option, but I think figuring out the cause and curing it would be another," I said. I looked up at her and noted that one of the buttons on her blouse had come open, revealing just a hint of her ample cleavage.
"Hmm," she said, seemingly lost in deep thought. She adjusted herself on the couch, recrossing her legs, and I couldn't help but note that her skirt inched higher on her thigh. "I agree, but I'm scaring myself right now, because I'm afraid I'm putting myself in danger exposing myself in front of people I don't know, and I can't seem to stop. If I don't get that thrill at least once a week, I'm going to go crazy. I just need a weekly fix. I haven't done it in a week and I feel like I'm going to explode."
My mind had become very distracted by this point, and I went off on one of my standard patient discussion lines. "Well, I always tell my patients that safety is the first priority, so you need to do what you have to do to keep safe."
Suddenly Alana's eyes brightened, and I could tell she had an idea.
"What if I got my fix here?" she said excitedly. "It would just be a clinical type thing, I would just expose myself to you to get my weekly fix."
My brain completely shut off for a few moments, and during the rebooting process that took several moments, Alana took it that her idea had some merit. Before I could react, she had deftly sprung another button loose on her blouse, which now hung loosely open.
"Alana wait," I stammered, desperately trying to collect myself. "This is not what I meant, I mean, you would be safe here, of course, but ..."
I had stopped short because Alana had freed another button, clearly revealing a black lacy bra underneath. My standard operating procedure for discussing patient-doctor relationships went into high gear.
"Alana, you need to understand, that as your psychologist, this is not an appropriate form of interaction," I said. I was pretty proud, and amazed, at how steady my voice was. "In order for me to help you, we need to maintain a healthy patient-doctor relationship. Additionally, my participation in this type of inappropriate behavior could potentially cause me to lose my license."
As I was rambling all this off, I was noticing a smoldering look in Alana's eyes, something I had never seen before. She was well beyond the point of no return. She needed her fix, and I was it. She rose from the couch in a sudden quick move, unbuttoning the rest of her blouse and letting it fall open to reveal a body that had once won over the entire state of Alabama. With a quick move, she zipped down the side of her skirt and let it slide down her legs, revealing lacy black underwear that matched the bra. She smiled broadly as I desperately tried to catch my breath enough to say something. Something like, no, or stop.
She turned sideways and strolled magnificently across the floor in front of me in her high heels, stopping and turning beauty pageant style, as I unsuccessfully continued to try to formulate the words no, or stop. She arched her shoulders back and slid the blouse off, and the silk shirt slipped off and glided to the floor like a feather. My hands suddenly cramped up, and I realized it was because I was squeezing the chair arms like I was on a roller coaster. Which I was.
She stopped in front of me and smiled again, watching me watch her, reveling in it. She turned slowly so that her back was to me, and my eyes instinctively moved from the tips of her feet up her toned legs, over her shapely ass and graceful back. It was over for me, stop or no was no longer in my vocabulary.
She turned back around to face me. "Do you like my body?" she asked softly.
I nodded, unable to speak.
"Would you like to see more?" she said.
I weighed out the proposition. On the one hand, I might lose my license, my job, my financial future, my reputation, any hope of reconciliation of my marriage. On the other hand, I could see Alana naked. My head was nodding before I realized I had made the decision.
She reached behind herself and unclasped the bra, slipping the straps off her shoulders but keeping the bra in place. Then she turned with her back to me again and let the bra fall away, allowing me to see her full naked back. Then she turned back around, and I discovered reasons 1 and 2 as to why she was a top ten Miss America finalist. Her breasts were beyond magnificent.
I heard myself stammering something, it may have been "Oh my God," or "Good Lord" or some combination of words that at least intended to show awe.
She walked over to stand right in front of me, close enough to touch, and hooked her thumbs into the sides of her panties. "Do you want to see?" she asked.
I did, but all I could do was nod like a child wanting candy.
Slowly, Alana pushed her thumbs downward, and as she pushed the panties down over her legs she bent over towards me, her long hair reaching my thighs. She worked the panties over her high heels and then stood back up slowly, showing herself to me in all her glory. She glowed from head to toe, it was apparent that she was tremendously aroused by the show. As was I.
Again, she turned slowly around, showing off her ass, bending over, constantly changing the angles of her glorious curves. She was an expert at showcasing her body, and her body was an expert at being incredible.
"Like a beer?" she asked.
Again, I nodded, my mouth was to dry to talk.
As she walked across the living room floor to the kitchen, it seemed apparent that getting the beer was more about the show, as she glided across the floor in her high heels. She got to the refrigerator and opened the door, bending over again to reach into to grab two beers. The production continued as she slowly opened the beers up and then walked over to where I was sitting and handed me one. She took a sip of hers and then ran the cool bottle over her face.
Before I knew what I had done, I drank the whole bottle of beer in one long series of gulps. It struck me that it could've been whiskey and I would've done the same.
For the next hour, I was given the unimaginable pleasure of watching Alana walk around the apartment showing off her fantastic body. It actually took me around half that time to fully collect myself to the point of where I could communicate beyond nods and grunts. She seemed to enjoy the fact that she had me stupefied, as she sauntered around playfully, posing for me on the couch, on the floor, and on the kitchen table.
And then, after an hour, she seemed to suddenly change. She started putting her clothes on, becoming rather sheepish and embarrassed. Our conversation turned back to chit chat, and then she had to go. I walked her to the door, gave her a quick hug, and then she was out the door.
I stood there looking at the door, stunned and overwhelmed. My cock had been hard for an hour, and I shoved my hand down my pants to stroke the ache. Just then there was a knock on the door, and without thinking of what I was doing I opened the door again. It was a Alana again.
"Doc, we can never, ever tell the girls about this, ok?" she said.
I nodded vigorously, I couldn't have agreed with anything more.
"And one more thing," she said. "Can we do this again next week?"
"Uh-huh," I replied.
She looked down at my waist and grinned. "Thanks doc. Looks like you enjoyed it as much as I did."
Then she turned and walked away. That's when I looked down and realized that I had had my hand down my pants the whole time.
So began the strange and wonderful therapy of Alana. Every Thursday, she would come by in the afternoon, we would sit and talk for a few minutes, and then she would essentially do a therapeutic strip tease in my living room. She always wore something different, both clothes and lingerie, and she had an incredible lingerie collection. She said she got a pretty much endless supply of lingerie and sexy clothes from the Miss America Pageant, vendors who wanted to be worn by beautiful women. Lucky me.
Sometime in the middle of the second session, she told me that it was ok if I wanted to put my hands down my pants during the show. Early in the third session, she suggested that I join her in the nude, and during the session she invited me to masturbate while watching her. By the fourth session, she was sitting in my lap, and near the end of the fifth session, we fucked like rabbits. After that, our "sessions" consisted of a half an hour of strip tease temptation, followed by a half hour of rampant fucking. I gave up trying to pretend that this had anything to do with therapy, though it was the best therapy I'd ever been involved with.
So my life settled into a comfortable, happy schedule. Wednesday night was movie night with the VAG crew and Thursday night was exhibition night. I was working out more, eating better, loving my life more every day. Then, after a few months, things changed.
It was a Saturday night, it was raining, and I was parking the car in front of my apartment when I saw Galena, sitting in the driver's seat of her car, staring straight ahead. I walked over and knocked on the window, and when she rolled it down I realized she had been crying.
"Hey, what's the matter?" I asked. "Are you ok?"
She took a deep breath and let it out. "I don't know," she said. "I think I'm just having a rough day."
It was starting to rain harder. "Well hey, come inside and let's talk about it," I said.
She wiped her eyes and nodded, and we walked into my apartment and sat down.
"I feel silly, out there crying in the parking lot," she said.
"It's ok, everyone cries in the parking lot sometimes," I said smiling.
She smiled and seemed to cheer up a bit. "I think maybe I'm just depressed," she said. "You're a psychologist, you can't prescribe drugs can you?"
I gave my usual grimace and nodded no. "Sometimes talking is better than drugs," I said. "What's going on?"
She looked at me and then looked at the floor uncomfortably for a long time.
"You can talk to me, I am legally obligated to keep all information completely private," I said. "Unless you killed a bunch of people, I'd have to say something then."
She looked at me and grinned. "What about just one person?"
I knew she was kidding, Galena couldn't hurt a fly. She was singularly driven by academic pursuits, spent all her time studying. She was on track to advance to graduate school and get a doctorate in biology and physics.
"Sometimes I feel like I study too much, and I am missing out on life," she said. "I'm probably going to graduate at the top of my class, but I, uh ...."
She began to tear up again, and I handed her a tissue and she collected herself.
"I've never had a boyfriend," she blurted out. "Not just in college, but my whole life. I'm not just a virgin, I've never even kissed a guy."
She put her head in her hands in shame.
"Well that's nothing to be ashamed of," I said, thinking to myself that was a damn shame. Galena was such a cute, fun girl, she should be having fun with the guys.
"I don't think I'm ashamed, I think I'm more scared," she said. "Some day I'm going to have a boyfriend, and I'm going to be completely clueless about what to do.
"Every year it gets worse, because the older I get the stupider I'll be when I start dating," she continued. "I read some articles about it, I think I have Erotophobia."
Erotophobia was not a term I had heard very often. It translates as a "Fear of Sex."
"Well, I expect you could read books about sex, or talk to your friends," I said. "Or you could get out there and start dating guys. You are a beautiful, fun girl, I'll bet lots of guys would be very interested."
"I don't think reading books or talking is going to help, I think sex is something you have to practice to get good at," she said. "And most of the guys I come in contact with in the physics and biology department are not prime candidates. Plus, I don't have time for that."
"Well maybe you could join a social club or something," I offered.
"You aren't hearing me doc, I don't have time," she said. "What I need to do is to hire a guy, or find someone who is willing to teach me..." She hesitated in mid-sentence, looking up at me like an idea was forming in her head.
"Someone I could trust," she continued. "Someone who I could visit once a week, who has experience, who wouldn't tell anyone, who could show me the ropes. Someone who would understand it was purely physical."
By this time she was looking at me through her horned rimmed glasses like a hunter who had found her quarry. It was quiet for a moment while she looked at me intently and I felt her words sink in. Then the bombshell.
"Someone like you."
I felt my heart stop short. Galena was looking at me with hope and anticipation, and all I could think was that turning her down now might be devastating. Still, I had to object.
"Galena, you need to understand, that as your psychologist, this is not an appropriate form of interaction," I said. "In order for me to help you, we need to maintain a healthy patient-doctor relationship. Additionally, my participation in this type of inappropriate behavior could potentially cause me to lose my license."
Galena looked at me steadily, seeming to hear my words as an abstraction. Her eyes began to fill up again with tears, and she got down on her knees in front of me, pleading with me to be her teacher.
"All you have to do is show me how," she said. "It would just be a series of practical, physical lessons. Like a study hall for sex. Don't some of you people do sex therapy? Please, please please?"
There are times in a man's life when he knows he has a choice. He can do the easy, wrong thing and say yes, or he can make the difficult but prudent decision to say no, to the betterment of himself, his profession, humanity, and the young girl sitting in front of him with the pleading eyes.
Fucking hell, I thought. There may be a man out there who could say no, but it was not this man.
I felt myself nodding before I even realized I had decided. Galena leapt up into my arms, excitedly thanking me.
I tried to comprehend the massive irony. A beautiful, intelligent girl was thanking me because I had agreed to teach her how to have sex. And I wasn't even very educated on the subject myself, I had had one partner my whole life and our sex life was extremely basic. I not only had no business doing it, I had no resume for it.
I spent the next hour, however, talking more like a father, explaining the rules of dating, the ways of men, safety concerns, the whole father-daughter speech. I told her that sex was best and safest with someone that she had feelings for, and that she should never rush into intimacy with someone new. She listened with rapt attention, even pausing to take some notes, which I suggested might not be such a good idea. She agreed.
After the hour long spiel, Galena seemed excited and happy to be learning the process, but she did seem somewhat disappointed that we didn't get down to business. I felt compelled to give her a cooling off period.
"Galena, I want you to know that as a man, I couldn't be more excited at the idea of teaching you about sex," I said. "But I want to make sure about this, so I want to wait a week before we do any actual physical, um, stuff. If you are still sure about this next Saturday, then we will get together at 6 pm and start that, uh, process."
She looked very serious and nodded. "Thanks Dr. D, you're the best," she said. "I will be back next week to let you know what I decide. I really appreciate you taking it slow with me."
I rose from my chair and gave her a hug. "Either way, I want us to be good friends," I said. "Nothing changes that."
She nodded in agreement, and then she was gone.
A few minutes later she was back. "By the way Dr. D, I trust that we'll keep this between us, I don't want Alana and Variel to find out," she said.
"Of course," I smiled. "Of course."
For the next week, all I could think about was Galena's decision and her pending visit Saturday night. A part of me wanted her to say that she had decided to go in another direction. By a part, I mean, around 3%. Galena had a really sexy librarian air about her, and I couldn't stop thinking about her gorgeous little body. She was probably not more than five and a half feet tall and weighed less than 90 pounds soaking wet. She had once told me that she was 25% Asian, 25% American Indian, 25% Canadian and 25% German. How all those grandparents got together was a mystery, but the results were a winner.
Saturday night rolled around, and at 6 pm sharp, there was a decisive knock on the door, and there was Galena. She had fixed her hair, had actually put on some makeup, was wearing a clingy dress that showcased a lot of leg, and didn't have her glasses on. She looked stunning, and her smile told me her decision.
She stepped into the room and walked right up to me. "Can we start with kissing," she said. "I really have no idea how that works."
Twenty seconds later we were on the couch, and I was showing her how kissing worked. I figured that for the first session, we would focus on kissing and clothed intimacy, maybe some petting if she felt comfortable. Thirty minutes later, we were naked on the bed, arms and legs tangled together, panting, with the sheets on the floor and the mattress hanging off the frame. We had completed chapters pertaining to initial arousal, the excitement of removing each other's clothes, light petting, heavy petting, beginner's oral techniques, advanced oral techniques, and standard sexual positions 1-12, and simultaneous orgasm. We had started making out on the couch, and something released 20 years of sexual repression in a kind of erotic explosion of incredible passion. It turns out that Galena knew how to do it all along, she just needed someone to be the first.
In my entire life, I had never had such a passionate 30 minutes. I occasionally offered some advice and input on the process, but honestly nature took over.
We were five minutes into kissing when she tore off my shirt and threw off her clothes. Down to her underwear, she straddled me and was grinding her groin into my cock and moaning like she was on fire. When she pulled off my pants, she stopped for a moment to study my cock, lightly touching it with her hands. It was obvious it was the first time she had seen a real live cock, and she seemed quite impressed.
"It's beautiful," she said, mesmerized. Then she kissed it, over and over, and then she had it in her mouth and was moaning passionately as she licked and sucked it. I had to stop her before I came in her mouth, I figure that was a lesson for another day. I swept her up in my arms and carried her back to the bed, where we got back to kissing for a while. I worked my way down her neck, shoulders and chest, before slipping her bra off to showcase her perky breasts that were stiff with arousal. Kissing her breasts sent her into a frenzy, but that was nothing compared to her reaction when I kissed my way down her stomach and my mouth softly caressed her pussy through her panties. She arched her back and grabbed my head and quivered all over. When I pulled her panties off and slid my tongue inside her, her whole body tensed up, and I was afraid she was freaking out, but then she shrieked and trembled and went crazy, writhing around and moaning uncontrollably. She was soaking wet immediately, and after the second orgasm she virtually threw me over on my back, and climbed up on my cock, easing it down inside her. It was halfway in when she had another orgasm, and that's when things really got crazy. Every position we got into seemed to arouse her more, and she wriggled and writhed and openly discussed how incredibly good my cock was making her feel. She was making my cock feel pretty darn good too, and I did not want it to end. Unfortunately I lost control when we ended up standing up on the bed, with me holding her up against the wall and plowing into her as hard and fast as I could. I probably would've come anyway, but when she started to moan "fuck me harder daddy," I exploded like the fourth of July. After an orgasm that seemed to last an hour, I slowly eased off the ramrodding pace, and eventually we both collapsed into a heap on the bed.
I was still trying to catch my breath a few minutes later when Galena put her chin on my chest and smiled at me.
"That was pretty amazing," she said. "Worth waiting for."
"Indeed, glad I could teach you a few things," I replied.
She giggled, and slid her hand down to caress my cock. "So how long does it take before it gets hard again?"
"Give me about 10 minutes," I replied. "That was a pretty good workout the first time."
"MMM," she crooned. "Can't wait."
Ten minutes later we were at it again, and the second time may have been better than the first. We exceeded our one hour session time, but Galena decided it would be ok to put off her other studies a bit, given that it was Saturday night.
After that fairly comprehensive romp into sexuality, I had the disappointing realization that Galena had learned all she needed and wouldn't need to make it a weekly session. I cursed myself all week for doing too much in the first session, though in all fairness, there was way to much sexual energy going on to stop that train.
By the time Saturday rolled around, I had fully expected she wouldn't even show up. I didn't see her or talk to her all week, she missed the Wednesday movie night because she supposedly had a big test coming up.
But at 6 pm sharp, there was a knock on the door, and there was Galena, looking quite sharp. I was about to launch into my speech about how I understood if she was ready to end the sessions, and how pleased I was to have had the chance to help her. But she spoke before I had the chance.
"I've been doing some research on the internet," she said. "I want to try something called 69 for starters tonight."
So that night Galena learned about the joys of 69, and titty fucking, anal sex, and a whole lot of other things she had discovered in her research. As it did the first time, the session ran a bit late.
As did future sessions, as Galena seemed driven to come to a complete understanding of every sexual fetish known to man. Quite a bit of it was new to me, like bondage. role play and s and m. I was only to happy to go along, anything for education.
So now my week had evolved into Wednesday pizza-movie night, Thursday exhibitionist display night with Alana, and Saturday sex education with Galena. In addition to having great fun and great sex, I was rapidly getting into the best shape of my life. All in all, things were going great. Then, about a month later....well yeah, you guessed it, things changed again.
This time it was Variel, who showed up one Sunday afternoon holding a tennis racket. We had played tennis together quite a few times, though she was way better than I was. She had speed and power and finesse, whereas I didn't have any of those. We usually hit some and played a set, and I was lucky if I won a few games. In fact, we had a standing bet, $5 to the winner, and she had probably won $50 off me since we started playing.
This time was different, I broke out to an early lead and ended up winning the set 6-3. After we finished we were sitting together on a bench court side chatting.
"I can't believe I actually beat you for a change," I said. "I'll have to say you were not on your game today though."
"Yeah, I've got some things on my mind," Variel said, handing me a five dollar bill. "Say, you're a psychologist aren't you?"
"Yes, a psychologist, so I can't prescribe drugs," I said, in an effort to preempt the question.
"Oh, well, I was just going to ask you how much you would charge for a session," she said.
"Oh, ok I'm not going to charge you anything, I'd be more than happy to have some sessions to talk some things out," I said.
"Great, how about tomorrow night?" she asked. "We could talk for a little while and then watch Monday night football."
"Deal," I said. "I'll bring the beer."
Variel showed up the next night about an hour before Monday Night Football started, dressed in her customary athletic shorts and t shirt. She was tall and thin, almost as tall as I was, and super fit. She was very attractive, and there was something exotic about her I couldn't quite put my finger on. She made no effort at hair and makeup, she looked good without even trying. Like her clothing style, she was very direct when it came to conversation.
"Doc, I think I am suffering from an oral fixation," she said. "I don't know if it's because my mother breast fed me too long or whatever, but I have an insatiable urge to suck on something all the time. Unfortunately, that urge has lately been satisfied by performing oral sex on men, and it's getting me into trouble."
I shifted uncomfortably in my seat. For the first time, I noticed how soft and round Variel's lips were. She did have a lovely mouth. I'm sure it would be ...
I shook off the thoughts invading my mind and pulled myself back to reality. "What kind of problems are you having"
"Well, essentially, I have this incredible urge to suck a cock...do you mind if I speak frankly?" she said.
"No go right ahead," I stuttered.
"Well anyway, I get this urge and I'm afraid guys are going to tell all their friends that I'm some kind of cum bucket, and then I'll have guys lining up for me to give them blow jobs," she said. "I don't want that kind of reputation."
"Well, yes, I can kind of see where that would be problematic..." I said carefully.
"I actually tried to come up with an alternative," she said. "I bought a life like dildo, and sucked on that, even fantasized that it was a real cock, but it just wasn't the same."
"Hmmm, I guess there is nothing quite like the real thing," I said.
"Yeah it was ok, but not the same, not that satisfying for me," she said.
"Or him, I guess," I grinned.
"Right," she smiled back. "The thing is, doc, the only thing that made it somewhat satisfying was fantasizing that it was the real thing, and when I fantasized that it was the real thing, I, uh....I fantasized that it was you."
My mind began to immediately formulate the speech, the one where I tell her about the downfalls of doctor patient interaction, about losing my license, and blah blah blah. Instead of going into all that, I summed it all up into one word.
"Huh," I said.
Variel watched me closely, and I suddenly realized just how pretty her brown eyes were. "I think if I had someone I knew who would be my pretend cock, then maybe I could satiate my oral fixation and avoid getting into any trouble."
I nodded my ascent, thinking all along, FUCK IT. If I'm going to have my licensed suspended and be shamed into obscurity, I might as well go out with a bang.
"So you would be ok with that?" Variel asked softly.
"Sure, I'd be happy to help you out," I said.
"One other thing," she said.
"Don't worry," I interrupted. "I won't tell the girls."
So began the Monday night blow job night. Variel would come over, ostensibly to watch Monday night football. My blow job would begin early in the first quarter, and Variel liked to make it last, so she would take her time and back off when things got too heated. Which was often, because she had a luscious mouth and fantastic technique. She seemed to know instinctively just how to maximize my pleasure, it was like she could read my mind. The first blow job would usually last most of the first quarter and then the second would commence sometime in the third quarter. If the game was close, she would make things move along quick so we could get back to watching the game, but if it was a blow out, she would take her sweet time. You could tell she really enjoyed giving head, and lord knows I enjoyed getting it. Half the time she would swallow, and half the time she would have me cum on her face, because she had read in some magazine that it was good for her skin. On a side note, she really liked watching football, so we enjoyed that part of the evenings as well. It was pretty much the greatest way to watch a football game ever conceived.
Variel seemed really clear about drawing the line at just blow jobs. She never undressed at all, which was disappointing, and made me wonder if she had insecurity issues about her body. Her clothes were always basic and non-flattering, and it was hard to tell what her figure was actually like. I was also feeling somewhat guilty about always being the only one pleasured, it felt kinda unfair. After a month of fabulous blow jobs, I decided to bring that up, right after an explosive late first quarter orgasm during the Cowboys-Steelers game.
"Variel, I am so lucky you have an oral obsession, because you are exceptional at it," I said. "And I am completely ok with continuing this arrangement for as long as you want. But I feel kind of bad being the only one being pleasured."
Variel looked at me carefully, I got the sense that maybe she was thinking about it, trying to decide if I could be trusted. Finally she spoke.
"I've never been with a man," she said flatly. "I lied about all that before."
"Wow," I said. That was a stunning revelation, on many levels, the first being, how did she learn how to give blow jobs so well?
"There's more. I need to tell you something, and probably the best way will be to just show you," she said. She stood up from the couch and faced me. Then, without a word, she started to pull her shirt off.
I braced myself, expecting to see some odd, misshapen breasts that she was causing her insecurity issues. Maybe they were too small, maybe too big. Maybe she had three nipples. I could see she wasn't wearing a bra, so I was going to find out quick.
When her shirt fell away, I felt the air come out of me. Her breasts were absolutely perfect, not too big, not too small, not hanging high or low, they were perfect.
"Wow," I said.
She smiled. "Thanks."
Then she put her thumbs into her waistband and dropped her shorts. Underneath she had some kind of heavy underwear, I was guessing it was some kind of jock wear for women. Then she slipped the underwear off, and low and behold, the mystery of Variel was laid crystal clear.
Variel had a cock.
Friends, I'll just let that sink in for a moment, because it took me more than a few moments to sink in for me. I was the definition of thunderstruck. When I finally did get my head wrapped around what I was seeing, I had a flood of thoughts. Wow, she has a cock. Wait, she is not a she, she's a he. Wow, no wonder she knew how to give blow jobs so well. Wait, I've been having a dude give me blow jobs. Wow, am I gay? Wait, no wonder she was always crushing me at tennis.
After sifting through all those thoughts, I was finally able to verbalize a response.
"Wow," I said, though it was a somewhat less enthusiastic wow than the previous one in response to her breasts.
Variel seemed to be getting somewhat anxious at my lack of response. I hadn't reacted negatively, I just hadn't really responded at all. I noticed that she was getting a little upset, and I felt compelled to respond. I wanted to give her a compliment, so I threw out the first good thing I could think of.
"You, ah, you have a really nice cock," I stumbled out. Which was true, she did have a nice cock, especially for a girl. I guess. This was a definite first for me, I hadn't seen another naked guy in person since I was a kid. I'm ok with the transgender and gay people, have even had patients with those lifestyles, it was just that I had always been a one way street personally.
In all honesty, Variel had a really nice, if unconventional body. She was very fit, with broad shoulders moving down over perfect breasts into a strong V shaped torso, supported by two gorgeous toned legs. And then there was the cock thing. Her cock was a good size, shape. Her whole body was hairless, I don't know if that was natural or rigorous shaving. She was semi erect, which made me wonder how uncomfortable it would be to have to tuck your equipment away. At some point I realized that I had been staring at her cock for several moments, and I looked up to see her looking at me.
"I hope you aren't too furious about this," she said quietly.
I think I might've been furious if this had been a one night stand. Or a first date. But Variel was really my friend more than anything, and I felt a lot more empathy than anything. And I spent the next 20 minutes telling her just that, trying to be supportive and positive. We did this with her laying back on the couch, fully nude, and me wearing just an open shirt. I was actually surprised at just how comfortable I was being naked with another guy. Or half guy, or whatever.
Variel told me she had identified as a man since she was very young, and had made the decision to go transgender when she was 18. Her parents threw her out and she was working her way through college. She had been with girls, before she had made the transformation, but she had not been with a man, I was the first. She had made up the story about being with other men, but the oral fixation part was true. She had long fantasized about sucking cock, but mine was the first. She was very matter of fact about it, and seemed very comfortable with her current status. She was lucky in that she didn't look anything like a guy, except in that one place - everywhere else she was a gorgeous, feminine woman. She was quite proud of her breasts, with good reason. They were fabulous.
So fabulous, in fact, that they were having an effect on me, without me realizing it, until Variel pointed it out.
"You seem to be hard again," she said. "Would you like me to take care of that?"
I looked down and saw that I was rock hard, and looked at Variel. I realized that if I turned her down it might be devastating. I also realized that my cock was craving her mouth, and my cock didn't much care what she was carrying between her legs. I nodded my assent, and Variel moved off the couch onto her hands and knees and crawled over to my chair. She raised up onto her knees and got between my legs, giving me a close up view of her beautiful breasts. Just before she wrapped her luscious lips around my cock, I noticed that her semi erect cock was now fully erect and pointing at the ceiling. If I'm being honest, that only made the blow job better.
She seemed to be even more into it than usual, I presumed because she was no longer hiding her secret. As her head bobbed up and down on my cock, I noticed that she had one hand wrapped around her own cock and was masturbating while she licked and sucked my cock. It was taboo, it was different, it was wild, and my cock was not going to last. I put my hands into her hair and moaned my signal to her that I was coming, and she began sucking and moaning like there was no tomorrow, and I could sense that she was coming as well. As my cock erupted in an orgasm I looked down and saw her cock spewing cum into her hands. After an orgasm that seemed to last for the entire third quarter, she dropped her head into my lap and we sat there quietly.
Then she got up and got dressed, I pulled on my boxers, and we sat and watched the rest of the game, just like a couple of guys. When it came time to leave, she gave me a long warm hug and said "Thank you, doc."
I smiled back at her. "My pleasure," I said. "Oh, and one other thing. You owe me $50, those tennis bets were made under false pretenses."
Variel paused, grinned, and leaned in to whisper in my ear. "Next week, I'll let you come on my tits."
"That's a deal," I replied, and started to fantasize about next Monday as she walked away.
So there I was, a man who had never had much of a sex life, had only had one partner, and lived alone, yet somehow I had managed to fall into the ultimate male fantasy. Movie night Wednesdays with three beautiful women, Thursday night exhibitionist adventures, Saturday night sex class, Monday night blow jobs. I had more sex every week with the VAG group than I did in my last six months with my wife. The overall effect it was having on me was overwhelming. I was happier, more energetic, in better shape. I felt like I was 25 again, except that I never had that much sex when I was 25.
Alana and I had stepped up the exhibitionist adventures, making forays into public spaces where we had sex where people might see us. One day we discovered a patch of open grass beside a highway that was surrounded by trees, except for the place it was exposed to the road. We put down a blanket and did the wild thing right there overlooking the road. If someone was driving by and happened to look up, they would have definitely gotten an eyeful, but they would not be able to stop or turn around. I don't know if anyone was looking or not, but it was the possibility that seemed to excite the exhibitionist side of Alana. She liked to get into positions where she was fully exposed, so she was usually standing or on her knees with me behind her, with her facing the road. I'll have to admit that it was pretty exciting for me as well, to be slamming my cock into a beautiful woman in public. The danger element of being one photograph away from losing my license no doubt added to the thrill.
We were laying on the blanket in post coital bliss, still fully exposed to passing traffic, when I thought it might be time to reintroduce some psychological therapy to the physical therapy.
"Have you ever wondered what it is about exhibitionism that turns you on so much?" I asked her.
She smiled and stretched her arms into the air. "I'm not sure," she said. "I just love the idea of people admiring me naked I guess."
"Sometimes exhibitionists are looking for a way to compensate for what they might perceive as other shortcomings," I suggested.
Alana thought about that for a while. "I could see that," she said. "I think having people admire my body maybe makes up for me not being so smart."
"Aha," I said. "But remember that I said you might be compensating for something you PERCEIVE as a shortcoming. Frankly, I think that sometimes the ditzy blonde thing is just an act, I think you are a lot smarter than you let on, and a lot smarter than you think you are. I've gotten to know you, Alana, and I know you're smart. I know, by the way, that you are double majoring in Economics and Russian History, and getting ready to graduate from a major college. There's nothing dumb about that."
She nodded in agreement. "Doc, I spent years getting everything I wanted from boys by acting stupid. I think you're right. I think I need to start getting respect for my brain, and not just because I have a nice body."
"The truth is, you don't really have a nice body," I said.
She looked at me in shock. "I don't?" she asked.
"You don't," I said. "Nice is an understatement. You have a fabulous body."
She swatted me on the chest. "I'll show you some nice mister," she said, climbing on top of my re-stiffened cock.
Oh, the price we pay for therapy breakthroughs, I thought.
Speaking of breakthroughs, the Saturday night sex class had moved into advanced areas. If I had to pick a favorite night, I'd have to go with Galena. She wasn't the prettiest, or the sexiest, or the most exotic, but she was the most enthusiastic and innovative. She was also so smart and witty and fun to be around. We were probably halfway through the list of 1000 ways to have sex, most of which were also new to me. I had started researching sex fetishes on the internet so I would at least have an idea of what I was doing. We'd had sex in the kitchen, on the floor, on the table, in the shower, sex with whipped cream, sex with whipped cream on the floor of the shower. We had sex on video, anal, toys, talking dirty, spanking, watching porn together, even some light bondage and sado masochism. That involved me being tied to the bed, blindfolded, while Galena popped my naked body with a small crop whip. We both decided that probably wasn't for us, but hey, it was all part of the education process.
Maybe our favorite adventure was role play. One night Galena dressed up as a school girl, in a short plaid skirt and knee high socks, and came to my door selling wrapping paper for her school. She was so short and tiny she had no trouble looking the part. Meanwhile, I was Mr. Dimwilder, the mild mannered but treacherous neighbor. I was dressed in silk running shorts and a t-shirt. We sat down on the couch beside each other and she played the innocent school girl while I played the dorky old man. My shorts were pretty tight and as I became aroused talking to her about wrapping paper, she couldn't help but notice the growing bulge in my shorts, which she watched with growing fascination, to the point of staring.
"Would you like to feel it?" I asked her.
She looked up at me with her big wide eyes and nodded.
I took her little hand and placed it on my cock, and she instinctively began to stroke it up and down, her eyes still wide with fascination. Then I slid my shorts down so her hand was on the real thing, and her eyes got even bigger.
"You can kiss it if you want to," I said. "I'll buy extra wrapping paper."
She stared at me innocently, then looked down at my cock, and then slowly, cautiously, she leaned in and put her mouth close to my cock. Then she opened her mouth slightly, and leaned down further and kissed it.
"Try putting it all the way into your mouth," I suggested.
She looked up at me like she didn't understand, but then she leaned back down and filled her little mouth with my big cock.
Needless to say, it wasn't too long before I had her bent over the couch, her skirt pulled up around her waist as I plunged my cock into her. Halfway to orgasm she screamed "fuck me in the ass Mr. Dimwilder," which I was only too happy to do. After another torrid ten minutes we both collapsed onto the couch in a heap of flesh and half torn school uniform.
"Mr. Dimwilder, I love sex," she grinned.
"Yeah, me too," I panted. "Why do you suppose you waited so long to have sex?"
"I'm not sure, but I am sure I was sure missing out," she said.
"Maybe you weren't really afraid of having sex," I said. "Maybe it is more a fear of intimacy?"
"Ah, Aphenphosmphobia," she replied. "Fear of intimacy, often related to fear of abandonment."
I had to grin. Galena probably knew more about psychology than I did. "Right, Aphenphosmphobia. It may not be abandonment, it may be that you are afraid of making a commitment, because you are so driven to your academic pursuits."
"Huh, I didn't think about it that way," she said, her eyes flashing. "That makes some sense."
"Well, there's certainly nothing really wrong with waiting until the time is right," I said.
She nodded. "You are so right." She leaned over and kissed me softly on the cheek. "Thanks to you I'll be ready when that time comes."
"My pleasure," I grinned.
"Now, Mr. Dimwilder, I believe we had an agreement that you would be buying quite a bit of wrapping paper," she laughed, pushing me over onto my back and straddling me. "Or, I could just make you work it off..."
Meanwhile, Monday nights were still on. Monday night football was over, so blow job Mondays with Variel became less about watching football and more about the sex. It had taken me a few weeks to recover from the shock of Variel's secret, but I had reached a level of comfort with the idea that Variel was very much a woman - a very beautiful woman, with a fabulous body - who just happened to have a cock. I had become so comfortable about it, in fact, that our sessions had ended up in the bed, both of us fully naked, while she gave me a blow job.
Getting a great blow job from a beautiful, exotic woman is a great experience, but having all that with another hard cock in the bed added another layer of intrigue. As she licked and sucked on my cock, it was natural for me to reach down and run my hands lightly over her beautiful, erect nipples. And it was natural for me to reach down lower and run my fingers over her smooth abdomen. As a man, I know what if feels like to have someone lightly tickle their fingers over my abdomen, drifting lower and lower toward my waist. As my fingers went lower and lower on Variel's abdomen, I realized there was no way I could leave her hanging like that. I reached down and for the first time in my life, I put my hand on a cock and lightly stroked it. Variel immediately moaned deeply as she continued sucking on my cock. She was so aroused she came into my hand and onto her belly almost immediately, and watching her come pushed me over the edge.
After that epic evening, we would typically repeat the process. We would get into 69 position, her mouth on my cock and my hand on hers, and she would suck me off while I stroked her off. Sometimes she was on top, sometimes I was, sometimes we were side by side. It was pretty amazing, having my face right down there, so close to her cock, which by the way was beautiful. If I'm being honest with myself, I had a real desire to slip that cock into my mouth and suck her dry, but I guess I was too much of a prude to cross that bridge.
Resolving Variel's psychological issues were pretty simple. She didn't really have any. Since she had made the transition, she had been afraid to be with a man. She had always wanted to live like a woman, but she really wasn't sure about her sexual orientation. She didn't think she could have a mutually satisfactory sex. Being with me had helped her get over that hump. So to speak.
Sometimes the therapist has to be the guinea pig. It's a tough life.
So life was great. Sex with the VAG group was great. Helping my friends solve their psychological problems was great. And then, everything changed again.
This time it came in the mail, all on the same day. Graduation notices from Alana, Galena and Variel. They were all graduating, moving on to bigger and better things. Graduation was Saturday afternoon. Which meant that I would be left behind, all by my lonesome. Then there was another letter, with a handwritten address. I opened it up and saw that it was from my estranged wife.
Dearest husband;
This past year has been a difficult and challenging time for me personally, and I feel the need to explain to you what has been going on with my life. I've never told you this, but I have a family secret. I have a half brother, we share a philandering father. When I was young he would take me to visit this half brother, and we became close. Probably too close. When we were just 18 we became lovers for a short time. We both knew it was wrong, but we were unable to resist. Eventually we forced ourselves to part ways.
Since that time my life long obsession has been to return to that time. It was not easy for me to forget about this first love. As fate would have it, he is the actor Johnny Depp, so I was constantly inundated with images and reminders of him. I could never close the book on that chapter.
So I sought him out, and we reconnected, hence my disappearance. But after a few short months the relationship soured and we again parted ways. Since then I have spent most of the past year on a quest to find myself, and I think I finally have.
I want to return to our lives like they were before. I don't think I realized how lucky I was to have a steady, comfortable, ordinary life. My quest for passion and excitement has shown me that what I really want is to live a quiet, settled existence.
Please write me back and let me know your answer to this request.
Your loving wife.
I studied the letter for a long time, after I got over the shock that Johnny Depp was her half brother and that he would have any interest in my wife. She didn't seem like his type. Frankly, I had to wonder if she had made the whole thing up.
My second thought was that this is what I had been hoping for, a return to my old life. We could move back to our old house and things could be normal again. Quiet, settled. I looked around the hollow, dark apartment and realized that with the VAG girls gone, I would likely be spiraling downward into dark despair again. Maybe living out my life in a cold, sexless marriage was as good as it was going to get for me.
I decided to sleep on it and make a decision the next morning. I tossed and turned all night, wrestling with the demons, and the demons seemed to be winning. Then I found myself in a dream.
I was back at home, and my wife was there. Actually she had lost some weight and gotten dressed up, she looked pretty darn good. She was wearing a long black robe with a hood on her head, and when she let it fall open my mouth fell open with how good she looked. Her breasts had become full and perfect, like Alana's. Her face had morphed into Galena's. And down below, well, she had taken on a cock just like Variel. It was like she had become my wife and the VAG trio in one person. One dream person, who I found to be completely irresistible. My mind was singularly focused on having ravenous sex with this wonderful creature. Apparently she had the same idea, as she glided forward towards me, her image merging back and forth between multiple people. Then she was upon me, and she looked into my eyes, and then we kissed, and her tongue felt like the softest, sweetest honey I had ever imagined, and my head reeled with passion. Suddenly I somehow left my body and became an observer from above, watching the scene and living it at the same time. The woman kissing me had now gone back to fully being my wife, and she was softly kissing my neck.
That's when I saw that the woman I was in the passionate embrace with had two long, dagger like fangs, and before I could react she had dug those sharp fangs deep into my neck, and I was completely helpless to do anything but watch her sucking the very life blood out of me, draining me slowly. I wanted to scream but I couldn't even move or speak.
Then, out of nowhere, Johnny Depp came rushing in, completely decked out in a pirate costume and brandishing a sword. I watched him move quickly over to where we were, and he raised the sword up over us as if he was going to use it on my vampire wife and rescue me. As he was bringing the sword down though, she moved at the last second, and the sword came down and cut my head clean off. Then I watched the two of them embrace and walk off, arm in arm, as my head rolled around on the floor.
That's the kind of dream that we in psychological circles would describe as a wake up call. I got up the next morning bright and early, sat down, and wrote my response to my wife.
Dearest wife;
Thanks so much for your kind offer. I'll pass.
Your ex-husband.
I stuck the letter in the mailbox and watched that chapter of my life slide away. I was now officially alone. The VAG group was graduating and moving on, and returning to my wife was no longer an option. I went and bought a bottle of Tequila to celebrate my return to darkness and depression. It was Saturday, and the VAG girls were graduating. I had bought them all a nice gift, a farewell and graduation gift as it were, but I wasn't going to bother them on the day they were graduating from college. I assumed that they would be having parties with their friends, their young, fun friends, and it was not my place to be there. I just settled in with my bottle of Tequila and decided we'd have our own pathetic little party.
I was well into the bottle and well into self pity, wondering if it was too late to go get the letter back out of the mailbox, when I heard a knock on the door, late in the afternoon. I opened the door, and there stood the VAG group, all happy and energetic, dressed in their black gowns and hats and holding bottles of champagne.
"Dr. D., what's up," yelled Alana. "We have come to celebrate with you!"
My Tequila fogged mind was still catching up to the surprise, and happiness of seeing the girls, but I managed to invite them in and offer my sincerest congratulations. I gave them the presents I had gotten and they went into the kitchen to pour some glasses of champagne. When they came back out they had three normal glasses of champagne and one big one, which they indicated was mine.
"We made you a big glass because you have to catch up," said Galena. "We've been drinking all day."
I didn't mention that I'd been drinking Tequila all day. We toasted their success and all four of us drank the glasses dry. Then, something odd happened. I was sitting on the couch, with Variel to one side, Galena to the other, and Alana curled up at my feet. They had stopped talking and laughing and were watching me, intently, with slight smiles on their faces.
Then I felt it. An unexpected wooziness. The champagne had really gone to my head.
Then Variel spoke up. "We are here to celebrate, but we also have some business to attend to," she said. "You see, doc, sometimes girls talk."
That statement hung in the air for a moment as I tried to shake off the increasing confusion in my head.
"Indeed we do," said Galena, smiling devilishly. "As in, I know about your little affair with Alana."
I was starting to feel a cold sweat coming on. This didn't sound good, and I was becoming increasingly dizzy.
"And I know about your escapades with Variel," said Alana.
The room was starting to spin just a bit, and for the first time, I realized I'd been drugged.
"And I know about your intriguing adventures with Galena," said Variel.
In my drugged state, a very specific storyline emerged in the back of my head. The girls had all found out that I was having sex with all of them. They were mad about it. And now they had drugged me, and then they were going to kill me. I tried to scream for help but I couldn't speak or even move.
Galena patted my chest. "You may be feeling a little woozy," she said. "For our little graduation party, we decided to mix a little GHB into your drink. Since you can't prescribe medication."
Damn it all with the prescribing medication, I thought. The girls stood up in front of me in a neat row, looking down on the limp body on the couch. I figured they had drugged me with GHB to make me helpless, then they were going to stab me to death or something.
Then something really curious happened, just as I was losing consciousness. The girls zipped down the front of their robes, letting them fall open, and I realized they were completely naked underneath. Then I heard someone's voice, not sure which one, saying, "And now, we're going to fuck..."
I didn't hear the end, though it was a safe guess, as I dropped off into semi consciousness, that they were going to fuck me up. I was about to pay a hefty price for my VAG group adventures. Though in all honesty, I probably deserved it, and it was probably worth it.
I began to regain full consciousness around three and a half hours later. At first I wasn't sure where I was, it was nearly dark, there were candles, I was in bed, and it seemed like there were arms and legs intertwined all around me. There was a hand and a foot in my face, someone was laying perpendicular to me across my torso, and my legs were wrapped around someone else. It felt like I had been in a game of Twister and lost. There was an empty bottle of tequila on the nightstand, two empty bottles of champagne on the floor, and a half empty bottle of oil on the bed. There was a graduation gown hanging from the ceiling fan, and strap on dildos on the bed. As my mind slowly awakened, I realized that I was my bed with the VAG group, we were all naked, they were all passed out and my cock was hard. It was hard, and it kinda felt sore, like it had been busy. Very busy.
That's when the flashback started.
In the first flashback, I was on the couch, and Variel and Galena were taking turns sucking my cock. Alana was parading around naked, occasionally joining in by rubbing her tits on my face. Variel and Galena were discussing methods as they licked and sucked me, first one then the other. Then they were licking it together, at the same time, their tongues intertwining. I couldn't believe how hard I was, and how hard I came, spewing myself everywhere.
In the second flashback, I was fucking Alana doggy style, while watching Variel and Galena going at each other in 69 position. Galena was obviously not surprised at Variel's secret, she was sucking on her cock like it was an old friend. It was an epic scene. I remembered my orgasm, it felt like it lasted 20 minutes.
Then another flashback. Galena was on her hands and knees in front of me and Variel, and she was sucking on both of us, rubbing our cocks together and putting them both in her mouth at the same time. Meanwhile, Alana had donned a strap on dildo and was fucking Galena from behind. Variel and I came at the same time, covering each other's cocks in warm cum, while Galena practically went into a convulsion with her orgasm.
I took a deep breath and tried to figure out if it was all a dream. Then another flashback. I was sucking Variel's cock. Variel was going down on Alana. Alana was going down on Galena. Galena was going down on me. It was on big moaning chain, everybody was happy. And somehow, I was having yet another orgasm. Four times? Not possible, I had to be dreaming.
Then there was another flashback. I was on my back, on the bed. Galena was straddling my face and my tongue was deep inside her. She was facing Alana, who was perched on my somehow still hard cock, and they were making out. Variel was behind Alana and her cock was buried in her ass. We were all moving slowly, carefully, in one grinding rhythm. Galena and Alana would make out of a while, their tongues twisting around, then Alana would turn and make out with Variel. It seemed like we stayed in that position for hours, and it felt like we had all become one person. In my entire life I had never felt such a total connection with a group of people. When I finally did orgasm, it felt like all four of us had it together, not only at the same time but it felt like we all experienced each other's orgasm. And it felt like it went on for an hour.
I shook my head. Five orgasms is not remotely possible. My ass felt a little funny and looking over at the strap on dildos, I made the conscious effort to stop having flashbacks. I looked over and saw Galena had awakened and was gazing at me.
"You ok?" she whispered softly.
I started to answer but the words weren't coming yet, so I nodded.
Alana stirred awake and gave out a moan. "That was fucking unbelievable," she said.
Variel giggled. "That was some unbelievable fucking," she said. "We were a little worried about you there for awhile, you kinda passed out on us. We were going to call for paramedics, since you can't prescribe drugs."
I rolled my eyes.
"I just want to make it clear that the Viagra was Galena's idea," said Alana. "She wanted her first group sex experience to be amazing."
"We figured that if we knocked you flat with GHB we might have to counteract that with some Viagra," said Galena. "I think we may have overdosed you."
"Indeed," said Variel, who had reached down and was lightly stroking my cock with her fingers. "He just keeps coming back."
Somehow I managed yet another round, taking turns fucking and sucking all three. After that, we all passed out on the bed. I remember waking up once during the night, in the warm embrace of three beautiful naked women, and then dropping back into the deepest sleep I'd ever had.
In the morning, they were gone. I felt like I had run a marathon and I didn't get out of bed all day. I called in sick on Monday and stayed in bed all that day too. Part of it was exhaustion, but the other part was the realization that my incredible year with the VAG group had come to an end, and now I was going to be alone and depressed.
I made it into work on Tuesday and Wednesday, but it was all I could do to make it through the day. At some point late Wednesday I was actually thinking about calling my ex-wife and telling her I had changed my mind, that I was ready to move back in and re-start our former lives.
Wednesday night I was sitting at home alone, eating macaroni and cheese and bourbon, and thinking about the first dinner I had had with the VAG group so long ago. Then I was thinking about Monday Night Football, and Exhibitionist Night, and Sex Class, and Wednesday Movie and Pizza night. It was getting harder to eat and easier to drink, and I honestly felt like I was going to cry.
Then, out of nowhere, a knock on the door. My first thought was that it was the girls, coming over for Movie Night, but then I realized they were gone.
I opened up the door, and they weren't gone. Variel, Alana and Galena all stood there with big grins on their faces, dressed to the nines and looking beautiful.
I pinched myself, I had to be dreaming.
"Can we come in or what?" said Galena.
"I thought you were all gone," I stammered.
"You didn't think you were going to get rid of us that easy, did you?" said Alana.
"We graduated, we didn't die," said Variel. "And we all decided that we were going to go to graduate school in the fall, and stay here in the apartment together."
A big smile was starting to come up on my face.
"Yeah, and don't think for one minute that we're cured," said Alana. "We are still going to need therapy. Lots, and lots, of therapy."
My smile was getting bigger, to the point of looking ridiculous.
The girls had taken over the apartment, going into the kitchen to make drinks and order pizza and cozy up together on the couch. It was just like old times.
"Oh, and you aren't going to believe the movie we brought," said Galena. "We set up a video camera the other night for our graduation party.
"Tonight, we're watching the world premiere of Dr. D and the VAG group," she added. "I think you're going to like it."