"Wake your ass up."
Lonnie Turner crept into his daughter's bedroom as she lay nude atop her covers, her rose colored pedestal fan blowing over her succulent body. It had turned out to be a warm night last evening. A hard swat on the ass, she yelps jumping into a defensive roll, feet poised to kick at him.
"DON'T DO THAT." She stares up at him fearfully. "That was mean."
"Damn! The only time you don't sound like a little girl is when you get woke up like that. Got a surprise for you. Haul your ass out of that bed and get pretty. Prettier...you know what I mean."
"It's Sunday. I want to sleep in."
"Alright then. I'll just call Micky back and tell him we're not coming to see him. So much for Senior pictures."
"WHAT? I GET TO POSE FOR GRAMPA MICKY?" She leaps from her bed dancing about her room as if not knowing what to wear. Panic mode was highly entertaining. Just watching her titties bobbing about made his morning. She must have been dreaming of someone due to her nipples in full bloom. He loved the floral arrangement.
"Grampa? Since when is that guy your Grampa?"
"Since he rescued me at the mall from creepy Mark."
"Your Mother's Mark?"
"Uh huh!" She frets, "I didn't tell you everything about the day Mom took me shopping for a new dress. Mark was being mean to me. I mean MEAN. M-E-A-N!" She giggles faintly under duress adding, "MEN and MAN are both in Mean. Awesome."
"Howso?"
"Nothing." She sulks, "Bossing me around is all." She didn't want to tell her Dad that her future Stepfather wanted to perform freakish bondage on her. She had no intention of that happening unless she had no other choice. Mark was scum in her eyes. He threatened to do all sorts of things to prevent her from Graduating. She really hoped to just avoid him.
"I'll have a talk with him later when we stop by for your cap and gown fitting."
"No Daddy. Just let it go. I can handle Mark."
"We've been through this. The guys a Skinhead. There's no reasoning with a freak like him." The thought then occurred to him just how much grief the guy could give him over dating Deborah Johnson, her being of color. He didn't really give a rats ass what he thought but if that N word slipped he was going to wage war on Mark Rapier.
"Please Daddy? Don't make a scene before Graduation. I want everything to go smoothly."
"You have seven days until you hold that diploma. I think you should behave all around. No more crazy dates until after the big day. Promise?"
"Okay." She meant it until she had to break her promise. That was obviously going to happen. Brett Chenowyth and the guys at school would see to that. Possibly Mark. "Can I bring those furs you bought me and pose in them?"
"Sure. Micky's a decent guy. I'll let you have fun. Behaving starts after today."
"Can I pose nakie?"
"He lives out in the country. I guess that's alright."
"Yay!" She claps softly. "I need to shower again. I can still feel the cum on me from yesterday."
"You took two showers last night."
"And douched. My clittycat smells like springtime." She beams her pearly whites.
"Did I need to hear that?"
"Yes. You might want to eat me out later." Sheepishly spoken with a hopeful grin.
"Good point." He chuckles. 'Get beautiful. I say we leave your glasses out of the Senior pics. No pigtails, no ponytails. Hair long, red, and sexy. It's time you looked like a real Senior not a Freshman."
"I can do that. I wish Todd would have loaned me a sword so I could pose like Sansa or Red Sonja. I could send Dillon pics of what I might look like for Comic Con. Even if I am going as Black Widow now."
"Right! Nerd comic guy. I'll figure out a sword. Red Sonja? Man I haven't seen that movie in years."
"The comic book version is the only Red Sonja Daddy. Here!" She swiftly Googles Red Sonja showing off the warrior's chainmail bikini. "Cool huh?"
"That is indeed. I'm shocked Conan didn't tap that ass."
"She would have killed him for taking her virginity."
"She's a virgin? Come on that chick got raped ten times a day wearing that get up."
"Help me figure out a metal bikini while I shower."
"Aluminum foil and chewing gum."
"Seriously?"
"Quick and easy."
"Noooo!"
"GO ALREADY." He points toward her bathroom. She bounced away with a glorious butt cheek dance recital, pinning her silky red locks up into a tail, complimented with a shower cap, before getting soapy. As the water cascaded over her curves Lonnie slapped his face twice to break his trance before taking his leave of watching her. Paige pointing away from her with a grim glint in her eye helped in that decision.
Stepping out to the garage he took a lengthy look around for costume ideas. Not much would satisfy her needy imagination. Then it dawned on him where he might get a sword. It had been ages since talking about any of it with him, but their neighbor Gerry Benson, a war aficionado, collected weapons of all types. . Whether he had a broadsword remained to be seen. Lonnie's luck she would have to pose with a butter knife. Making a quick call to Gerry he found her weapon of choice. He had actually picked up a Conan the movie replica sword from a flea market a few years back. Asking him on ideas for the bikini he offered up a section of chainmail. The guy had it all covered. Who knew? Good thing she had no clue of Gerry's hobbies or yesterday he might have had to carry an arsenal into Medieval Times. Most likely they wouldn't have got the armaments through the door. Of course, Todd of the Round Table might have found a way.
Heading next door to gather up her arsenal Lonnie discovered just how invested Gerry Benson was. He had an entire basement full of antiquities, included a large oak table with a Civil War battle being waged by tiny hand painted armies. A second table with a Dungeons & Dragons motif caught his eye.
"I thought I knew you Gerry. This is certainly some mancave."
"I'm proud of it. Took me years. Thank goodness Wanita had no interest in these toys. When she divorced me I figured I'd lose it all. Greedy witch."
"Yeah she was always pretty bossy."
"Her new man saved my ass. Phil has money and luckily different hobbies. Country club kinda guy. Golf clubs over swords. Bet my nine irons can take his nine iron." Gerry chuckled.
"Swords look huge up there on the wall. I'm not even sure my kid can lift any of them." Lon takes a better look with both hands in his pockets. Gerry moving beside him points at the Conan special.
"That swords probably taller than she is."
"Would make for a funny pic though." Lon mused.
"So you're letting little Missy model for some guy you barely know?"
"Micky's a decent guy. Mid to late 50's. He has a photography gig out at the mall part time. Must be doing well for himself, supposedly he owns a big piece of countryside outside the city. Mostly going for the free graduation pics. I figure let her have some fun."
"Fun seems to be running rampant. Pics too. Couple nights back I ran off some school boys taking pics of your kid getting screwed by the Gargantuan Brothers. Front yard no less."
"I heard. Too drunk to complain. How long were those boys out there?"
"Long enough. Used my shrubs to hide behind. All I know is they got footage Lon."
Scowling Lon rolls his eyes, "Great! More blackmail pics."
"Don't get offended Buddy, but you started this."
"I know. Trust me the guilt is welling up."
"HOLY CRAP!" Gerry's face went white. "You said that Photographer's name was Micky?"
"Yep." Lon grew curious as to where this was going.
"Hang on a minute." Gerry stepped away into an adjoining room which was a memorabilia library of sorts. Returning with a photo album he flips through page after page until he locates what he was searching for. "There it is. Is this Micky?"
Following his finger Lonnie peaks an eye brow, "You know him?"
"Not really. I know of him. He used to be a Paparazzi out in Cali back in the 90's. Celebrity stuff. Took pics of Angie and Brad. Baywatch babes. Anyone who sold rags paid him good."
"National Enquirer kind of rag?"
"That's right. He got the pics everybody wanted. Made a small fortune I hear, then moved back here to Chicagoland. I'm not saying he's a bad guy, but he did take risks that probably should have got his ass tossed in jail."
"How do you even know about this guy?"
Gerry shrugs, "Come on, I'm a nerd. This guy also spent some time working for Hustler. If you get the idea."
"So he knew Larry Flynt?"
"Yep. You might wanna get the negatives if he's shooting Paige porn."
"Huh!" Lonnie puckers, "My kid the next Hustler Honey."
"Surely you don't want that for her...do you?"
"She's already on her way. Probably has enough pics out there to start her own magazine."
"Don't give her any ideas."
"Hey! I'm her manager." Lon winks.
"Wonderful. I just put ideas in your head instead."
"Thanks Buddy. I'm thinking she should make a calendar for next year. I'll get you an autographed copy."
"Fuck it! I'm a supporter."
"Good man. So, Conan leg shaver, chainmail, dagger over there?" Lon points out his choices.
"Shield?"
"Sure. That round one with a crest in the middle. How about that spiked ball on a chain?"
"Please don't let Paige swing this thing? We don't need her in the ER today."
"Right. She would too. Skip that."
"You can borrow anything here, just be careful for safety reasons. Not just Paige or one of us. My babies here not coming home scratched or broken would be appreciated. I love my armory."
"Guard it like it's my own Buddy." He holds the shield in a battle stance jokingly. Gerry laughed yet almost regretted his decision to allow them out of his home.
"Mind if I tag along?" Gerry scratched the back of his neck reluctant to ask.
Straightening up Lonnie pondered his request. "I planned on stopping by Paula's right after the photo shoot. Paige needs to try on her cap and gown. Besides that I need to have a talk with her man Mark."
"Ah! I understand. Just bored on weekends."
"Out of the way coming back here between Glen Forest and Skokie. Long day."
"No problem."
"Unless you want to follow us to Micky's. Maybe he'll sign your photo album." This made Gerry pep up.
"Great idea. We can pack up whatever you want from down here in my SUV."
"Let's get to packing then." Lon pats his neighbor on the shoulder. Gerry was in a much better mood knowing his possessions were one step closer to home. They packed up way more than they probably needed. Gerry even broke into his Hustler collection to find photos shot by Micky. Busy morning indeed.
Over the next hour Lonnie finally stepped back inside his own home to check on Paige. Finding her in her Graduation dress that her mother Paula had helped pick out, he whistled.
"More flowers. Still looks stunning on ya Kiddo."
"I feel really pretty Daddy. I'm going to take my glasses just in case. I had to touch up around the bridge of my nose due to the nose pieces. My contacts are in can you tell?"
"You do good makeup work. I can't even tell you're wearing contacts. You have the most beautiful green eyes Daughter of mine." He looks deeply.
"I love you Daddy." She smiles vibrantly, "Now quit flirting before you get a hard on."
"Yeah, I better." He turns heel and runs. "Grab your furs and let's get moving. Mick's probably set up and ready."
"To Westeros." She casts a finger east. Go figure. "Wait! Mister Benson is going?" Shrugging without getting a response she giggled and gave chase.
Forty minutes later the two car convoy made in to the Glen Forest countryside. Following GPS coordinates Lonnie led them into some beautiful landscapes. Lots of trees, a stream with a stone bridge over it, even horses in a pasture not far from Mick's estate. Excited to see the horses Paige hops in her seat.
"I wish I could get a Red Sonja pic on a horse. They're so beautiful Daddy. I love the white horse with brown freckles."
"Should just call Bryan and use his horse another day."
"Do you think Grampa Micky knows the owners of those horses? Maybe he can set me up."
"We can run it by him. Oh, I was just thinking over at Gerry's...how do you feel about making a calendar?"
"WHOA! Are you serious?" She bulges her eyes with an expression of joyous awe.
"Sure! Why not? If it's sexy enough you could sell some online maybe."
"I love how your mind works Daddy." She settles down thinking about the flyers that Brett and the boys at school made of her, each of them having a nude pic in their lockers. She was wet without even trying.
"We'll run that by Mick too. There's his mailbox, we're here." Turn signal provided for Gerry, the cars turn down an equally scenic gravel drive with a row of pine trees aligning it on both sides. A two minute drive in they came upon a large Victorian style farmhouse bordering the property which had the horses. Her hopes grew even higher of posing on that white steed.
Parking in front of the house Mickey Polanski made the journey from his front door to greet them. Paige ran ahead and hugged the man tightly, followed closely by Lonnie and Gerry.
"Hey Mick, I hope you don't mind my bringing my friend Gerry here. I found out something about him earlier. May I present your biggest fan." Lon casts a thumb toward Gerry.
"Oh really?" Mick winced from surprise.
"Gerry Benson. It's an honor to meet you Mister Polanski." A handshake of seismic proportions was abused. "I have a collection of Hustler magazines. I remembered your name as the photographer."
"That's impressive. Nobody ever notices the photographer over a naked lady." He chuckles. "Welcome to Casa Mi Casa. I have my cameras set up inside and out back. The creek runs behind me and heads off into the horse pastures. I figured it would make for a good backdrop."
"Do you know the owners of that pretty white horse?" Paige brightens up with a hopeful set of praying hands.
"Ohhh you must be talking about Widowshaker."
"WHOA! Widow? I'm going to Comicon soon dressed as Black Widow. So cool."
"Ironic huh? I bet you want pics on that horse." Mick squints with a smirk.
"YESSSSSSSSS! Please make it happen."
"Anything for my precious little Granddaughter. " He laughs, "Sorry Lonnie I couldn't resist. I hope that our unconventional adoption of one another doesn't offend you." He pauses Lonnie's reply with an insistent finger. "Honey? Why don't you and Gerry take your things down near the tire swing in the back yard. Maybe sit everything about twenty feet from the tree out of camera range."
Once Paige and Gerry head back to his SUV Mick allows Lon to finish his sentence. "Naaa! She told me she calls you Grampa Mickey. Said you got her out of a bad situation with her Mom's man."
"He looked as if he might be trouble. I wasn't sure what was happening, but, listen if it helps I do have a sneaky bit of proof that she's on to something." Mick reaches into his sweater pocket for a photograph and shows Lonnie the picture he took at the mall of Mark viewing Paige's Tender website.
"I blew the photo up as much as I could without disproving quality. He does know of her dating site. Forgive me but I checked her out on Tender myself to verify what the photo suggested. I believe you might want to at the least check with this guy on his motives."
"Already planned on it. I appreciate you looking after my kid. Can I keep the pic in case I need to show my ex-wife?"
"It's yours. Why don't you help them unload and I'll call about the horse. I'm pretty sure Winslow would have his grandson's bring the horse in with a saddle for an hour. They take care of his ranch now that he's getting up there in years. He raised the boys after their parents died about ten years back. Car crash out on the interstate one winter. Sad day."
Nodding with a glint of respectful admiration for this Winslow, Lon stepped away and gave Mick the time needed to make the call. During the time away Paige had discovered the chainmail and was awaiting to show her dad the lengths over her chest. Gerry had another bundle he held up to her backside.
"Pretty sure the links won't be too much or too lil." Gerry cleared his throat after touching Paige's butt accidently in holding the piece up for Lon to view. "Cutting these wouldn't be easy."
"Do with what we have. First things first. Get the respectable shots in your dress. Once the graduation pics are out of the way go to town."
"I'm going to be a really sexy Red Sonja." She dances from side to side.
"Never had a doubt She Devil."
"I love you Daddy. You too Mister Benson." She backs up into him and takes Gerry's arms around her body and makes him hug her tightly. She could feel a stirring in his loins. A giggle later she rubs her ass over him before stretching in step to offer him a kiss on the cheek. Lon smirked at Gerry's awkward discomfort.
"Get used to it old man. The kid's a ball of fire these days."
"Devil's daughter Lon?" Gerry chuckled accusing him.
"Guess I am." Her father uses his fingers atop his head as if having horns.
"He's always horny." Paige giggles and breaks free of Gerry to snatch up the chainmail and carry it back toward the tree. Gerry watched her wiggle away using his shield to mask his erection. Lon grabbed the sword and the box of a few other items like the dagger. Once unloaded they stand around waiting on Mick.
Returning shortly the ex-Paparazzi smiled brightly. "Luke and Randy will bring Widowshaker over in thirty minutes or so. They just have to coax him in and saddle him up."
Returning Paige brightens up, "Who are Luke and Randy?"
"Owner's grandsons." Lon beats Mick to the revelation.
"23 and 25 I do believe. Handsome bucks for sure." Mick winked at Paige.
"Yay! They're bringing money." She claps.
"Chill out stripper. Bucks doesn't mean money out here." Lon laughs. "Greedy I swear."
"I was only teasing." She pouts then whispers toward Mick with her hand blocking her lips from her Dad, "I bet I can get them to tuck money in my chainmail panties."
"I have very little doubt in your persuasion skills." Mick whispers back.
Smug at her confidence she bubbled with brilliance. Not one of the grown men could keep from staring at her youthful exuberance. Nor her jiggling tits. Nor her shaking ass. Knowing they were checking her out she slyly lifted the back of her skirt and mooned them. "Add that pic to my calendar."
"Calendar?" Micky turned with interest.
Lonnie chuckled massaging his chin, "Something we've been discussing. Any interest in helping make a 2020 calendar of Foxy Loxy there?"
"Absolutely. I won't even charge my services. Just pay for the film and the printing costs. I can even tell you the best place to go that won't cost you an arm and a leg."
"Or boobies?" Paige shyly crushes her breasts with her forearms.
"We wouldn't want that." Mick laughed. Let's get the graduation photos out of the way. I was going to suggest sitting in the tire swing but i don't want to get that beautiful skirt dirty. Black shows off dirt upon touch."
"We can wash it before next Saturday." Lonnie approved it, "Just take those photographs last."
"Well alright then. To the backyard Princess."
"I so am aren't I?" She twists on her heel and dances away. Three hard ons followed closely behind.
Assigning poses Micky snaps an arrangement of stunning pictures. Next to the gnarled tree. Bending forward over a table with her chin on her folded knuckles, her smile was contagious. As she held her pose she heard a pair of horses gallop from the pasture behind her. Looking over her shoulder at two of the sturdiest cowboys around she switched gazes back toward Mick Lonnie, and Gerry with a drooping jaw, "OH MY GOSH. They're gorgeous."
"Horses or the boys?" Gerry chuckled.
"Both. Mostly the boys. Can I moon them Daddy?"
Looking to Micky with a speechless reason to deny her Mick shook his head snickering, "The boys will just laugh it off. Go for it."
Instantly her black skirt rose up right as the cowboys Randy and Luke reached the fence line. Seeing her perfect ass both men blushed and grinned at one another. She wiggled her bottom then dropped her skirt turning to face them. Giddy she held her wrist behind her back so her chest could pose for their approval. Finally, Mick with his lowered camera moved in beside Paige to perform introductions.
"Morning boys. Thanks again for bringing Widowshaker over. Paige here fell in love with him the second they drove up."
"Them too..." She whispers, "When they rode up."
"Fellas? This shameless young lady is Paige Turner. Paige? Randy on the right. Luke on the left."
She batts her eyes and releases her wrist to flutter her fingers playfully. A sudden shyness crept over her leading the boys to remove their cowboy hats with a respectful "Howdy Miss Paige." Instantly her jaw dropped again, "Catch me Grampa Micky." She feigns fainting falling back into him. Whispering to Micky as he holds her aloft she says, "Tell them I need CPR."
"Not going to do that. Nice try Missy."
Pouting she laughs it off with, "And...I'm back."
The boys laugh at her silliness, dismounting to lead their horses over and tie the reins to the wooden planks of the fence. Leaning on the top plank the boys wink at her. She melted in their gaze. Sheepishly she points at Luke and says, "Girlfriend?"
"No ma'am." He shook his head.
Her finger swings toward Randy, "Girlfriend?"
"Nope."
"OH MY GOD! YOU CAN BOTH DATE ME." She squeals creating a rash of laughter.
"She's of age. No worries." Lonnie felt the need to make them more comfortable.
Luke smirks, "We'll keep that in mind."
Randy shakes his head at his brother, "Snooze you lose Brother of mine. Just say when, where, and I'll be there."
Eyes flaring she points at the ground, "Here. Now. Pleassssse come over to this side."
"Calm down." Lonnie approaches from behind and grips her shoulders from behind, "Sorry guys. She's a handful these days."
Nodding at them she palms her breasts squeezing them for their viewing pleasure. Once Lon realized it he swatted her hands, "Knock it off before you chase these guys away."
"No worries Sir. We're not going far." Luke blushes.
"Says you. I'm switchin' property lines." Randy throws a leg over the lower plank and slips through, brushing himself off before walking over to Paige with hat in hand. Pointing at the ground he grins, "You said here?"
Whimpering she bites at a fingernail while nodding. He kneels before her on one knee. She couldn't even blink. Strangely Micky snapped picture after picture. He had no shortage of film. It was priceless.
"Hold that pose." She giggles before looking over at Luke, "What are you waiting for?"
"On my way." Luke slithers through and joins his brother, swatting his shoulder with a hat for leaving him behind. "She did say both of us Romeo." He too knelt down beside him arm to arm as Paige pointed to the grass. Once there she trembles, "I want a ride."
"Horses are back there Ma'am." Luke adds.
"Nooo! I wanna ride you guys."
Lonnie threw his hands in the air, "I'm out. No taming my kid."
As soon as Lonnie released his grip Paige turned and backed in between the boys and sits on both sets of shoulders. They chuckled looking around her then both rise up to their feet and carry her aloft. She patted her palms vividly, "Yay!" Mick shot their picture as the boys carried her around the yard. Randy passed off his cowboy hat for her to wear. Being large in size half of her face vanished beneath the hats brim. Everyone had a good laugh.
"Thanks for being good sports Fellas." Micky halts his snapshots as the boys start to lower her to the ground. As they do she hops to her feet turning swiftly to kiss Randy on the lips. Astonished by her sudden boldness he abandons him to do the same to Luke. She then lets them stand. Her eyes lower to their crotches. Admiring erection she fans her face before looking up at them.
"I agree. Thank you for sporting." She nods feverishly as a sly point of two index fingers toward their boners prompt the boys to shake their heads at her perusal. This was certainly entertaining. At least her Dad wasn't getting pissed. Their nerves calmed a bit seeing him smiling. She giggles and dares to place her palms on each of their abs. "I'm going to change into some really revealing outfits. Wanna see?"
No words could define what their reaction was. Mere blushes lead to a sweaty brow. She turns away with her hands moving behind her back. While walking she unzips her black skirt and wiggles out of it. Hitting the grass she steps out earing zero panties. Lonnie realized that she must have removed them at home. Who was he kidding. She probably never put any on to begin with.
Unbuttoning her blouse she stalked toward Micky as he took picture after picture. Years of photo shoots of Pornstars flooded his head. This kid however...FUCKING GODDESS. Tossing her shirt at her Father she at least had a bra on. Two seconds later even that was abandoning her. It flew into Gerry's hands. He felt faint.
Hands in her hair like a dancer she wiggles her bottom at Luke and Randy. Hearing both men whistle loudly made her twist in step. Covering her chest as if shy she let them see her side profile. Her eyes were pure lust. So were theirs. So was Gerry's shamefully. Yep, Lonnie had a hard on too. Hiding her full frontal she steps over to a cardboard box that had her furs in them. Bending over to put her boots on she offered them an unrestrained clam. Both cowboys were beaming. Her short coat covering half of her upper body left her belly button in prime view should she turn. Tying the coat together left plenty of exposed cleavage but her nipples at least were hidden. Studying the contents of the box she crouches down with her legs wide. Micky snapped pictures of her vibrant arrow pubes and pink little pussy.
Finding the chainmail she looks to Gerry and whispers, "Help me Mister Benson." Her childlike voice stimulating as all get out. Swallowing dryly he passes her bra off to Lonnie and moves to face her. The chainmail lengths were in two sections. Clipping one side together on her left hip he crouched next to her hip in order to line her cloaking effect up. Her pussy was staring him right in the face. Smiling down at his nervousness she shivers, "The chainmail is cold Mister Benson." Her expression innocent and seductive. She knew how to play the game. The little wench had perfected it. The other clip tightened to hug her hips he pats her leg and clumsily stands up.
"Do I look sexy?"
"YES YOU DO. I'm going to my SUV to take my blood pressure meds now." Gerry Benson lied. He needed to rub one off in privacy. DEAR GOD IN HEAVEN. She was sad to see him leave.
Posing for Micky away from the boxes she acted like a stripper on a stage. Finally, she turned facing Luke and Randy. Their eyes absorbing her animalistic appetite to attract her prey. She succeeded. Marching toward them she fanned her hands over her tummy and down to her bare hips. Only the thin straps hid miniscule flesh. Reaching them her hands return to their abs exploring. Her eyes trembling at the muscles hidden away she sighs, "Warriors never wear shirts in the movies."
Thirty seconds later both Luke and Randy had their shirts off. There was no denying this girl. She was a definite puppeteer. Lonnie observed her expectations with amazement whispering, "That's my girl." Theirs at the moment.
Fawning over their chiseled chests she nibbles her lower lip while looking them in the eye. Exploring their emotions made the studs tremble at her touch. She knew they wanted her. They had a hunch she wanted them. The only thing stopping them was Micky's camera and Daddy hovering. Seeing their hesitant glances Paige pats their chest to get their attention.
"Don't worry about my Daddy. He's seen me do worse things. I'm eighteen so he can't stop me. I'm going to show you my boobies now." Her fingers slide over their abs and down further caressing their shiny belt buckles. With a creased brow of wanting to run her fingers over their erections she chose to bypass them. Instead her fingers leave them behind to untie her fur coat. Instantly the material parts revealing her chest. A sly fan of both sides of her fur offer them glimpses of both pink nipples. Their eyes zero in with interest.
"Warriors wear only loin clothes." She yearns with her eyes.
Luke growls and staggers back to remove his boots. A careful balancing act leads brother Randy to push him over. Dropping to the grass Luke busts up laughing and calls Randy an "Asshole."
Hearing this Paige shyly whispers, "I like it up my asshole."
Randy looked o her with an expression of awe. Seconds later even he was hopping about to remove his boots. Uproarious laughter made Luke trip his brother until both cowboys were on the ground removing boots. Looking back at Micky Paige winks at the control over them. It was then she noted her Father gone. Not only that but Micky was rubbing his own erection. Smiling with a lowered jaw Paige plants her chin on her shoulder, "Grampa Micky. Bad Grampa."
"Can't help it Kid. You got it."
"Not yet I don't." She razzes him just before wagging her tongue. "Keep taking pictures. We might get a good shot for the month of May." Interesting considering it was the month of May. She turned back to the fumbling cowboys who were standing now and unfastening their pants. Clapping at their performance Paige giggles, "Wanna ride. Wanna ride." while bouncing in step, her tits dancing a hoedown. Seconds later both boys stood in their boxes. Reality now sank in. Both men stared at Micky when Randy asked the important question.
"You gonna keep taking pictures Mister Polanski?"
"I can stop." He clears his throat. Paige wouldn't stand for that.
"Noooooooo! I want him to take our pictures. Pleasssssssssse?" She begs both men who study each other for a final decision. "I wanna ride." Her pouty face made them uneasy. With a glare of uncertainty the boys begin to lose confidence. Seeing this Paige stomped her feet and removed her coat entirely. Seeing her topless in only her chainmail skirt and ur boots they rub their chins. Behind her Micky looks around to see if Lonnie or Gerry were around before saying what was on his mind.
"I think the boys need to see all of you Sweetheart. Isn't that right Lads?"
She brightens up and grins, "If I get a ride."
"The horse?" Luke seemed confused. Shaking her head no she also shook her big titties. They were licking their lips at her playful nature. Another conclusion led Randy to risk it first. Down came his boxers and a good sized seven inch cock wagged in the wind. She again clapped and looked to Luke for the same response. Aiming to entice him she admires Randy with interest.
"Randy is really big." Her kiddy like voice made his already stern cock turn purple. He was battle ready. Snarling at her comment Luke grumbled, "I'm older and bigger." His boxers hit the grass without another thought. Her expression priceless she whimpers, "Oh my gosh. You're both huge. Yay! Can I touch them?" The subtlety of her exquisite tone led both men to murmur, "YES MA'AM." at the very same time.
"Should I take my skirt off too?" She taunts them for another, "YES MA'AM." She giggles and steps between them looking up at their stature with innocent eyes, "I might need help unclipping it. One for each of you."
Both gents drop into a crouch feeling their dicks dangle in the grass. They quickly unclasp her skirt and it falls away. Their hands instantly caress her hips and legs. "I'm going to leave my bootsy's on." They nod tilting their Stetsons in honor of her.
"God almighty you're purdy." Randy hissed.
"You sure you wanna ride Little Filly."
"Uh huh!" She nods rapidly, "But first I wanna touch...those."
Standing tall between they she faces Micky waiting for a good shot. As both boys use their hats to cover their faces Paige giggles and reaches to her sides to kneel and stroke their cocks. Instant groans out of both men leads Micky to take shot after shot of her mischief. After three minutes of stimulating them she winks at Micky before saying, "I bet they taste really yummy." The boys swiftly move closer to her sides. Shivering at their eagerness Paige flicks her tongue on Luke's mushroom. After feeling him tense up she moves her mouth over to Randy and does the same. "Mmmmm! I love hard sweaty men."
"We love you too Ma'am." Randy's knees quake at her touch. Watching her look up at him with her tongue beneath his crown looking hungry for affection he says, "Fuck it." He put his hat back on his head and stood proud for the camera. Another flick to his urethra made his brother give up as well. There was a new Sheriff in town. Her name was Paige.
Hats hanging low on their forehead they study her next move. Her fingers move down to squeeze both of their balls at the same time. Wincing she holds them firm and moves her mouth from one dick to the next. Taking them in for a minute at a time to keep both of them in check. Deeper and faster she sucked them off as the cowboys reeled back to enjoy her lips. Micky was getting good pics. Even though it was difficult to focus with his own erection begging to be abused. Even as she sucked them off her eyes checked out Mick. She knew he was struggling. Poor Grampa.
After a nice lingering stimulation she looks down at her fur coat. It was within reach enough for her to spread it out in front of her. In doing so Randy and Luke realized she had let them go in order to do so. Shyly she looks up at Randy and pats her fur. "Like a bearskin rug."
He dropped down on the fur and held his upper body while she crawls between his legs and over his hips. Reaching beneath her she guides his cock into her soaking wet pussy. His girth stretching her wide. Gasping at his penetration she shares a combined look of both awe and pouty stress. Randy knew she loved his cock. Once positioned to ride him she moved up and down. Her chest bobbing about for everyone's pleasure until Randy chose to reach up and squeeze them. Sighing at his touch she looks over her shoulder at Luke jerking off.
"I think I need to hold the reins so I don't fall off my horsey." She softly lures him in until she could stroke his beast for him. It became a challenge to ensure that both got what they felt was required. Seeing Micky massaging his crotch more she pouts. It made her miserable that he was refraining from jerking off in favor of taking pictures. A deafening "YEEHAW!" out of Randy drew her attention back to the boys.
"Ride that cock Filly." Randy became bolder. This made her moan louder trying to give him what he desired. Luke feeling cheated watched her from behind. Seeing her pink pussy ripple at his brother's girth made him grit his teeth. He wanted some of her badly. Eying her ass he recalled her whisper earlier about liking it up the ass. Something she had just acquired a taste for after fearing it for a spell. Leaning over Luke fingers her hole making her yelp. Leering back she smiles at him and forces herself forward over Randy. Accepting her offer Luke dropped to his knees and spit on her ass then his dick before priming it up for anal insertion. Slowly he slips in as her body tenses up. Randy hugged her close to accommodate her quivering limbs. Her nipples felt incredible on his chest. After a better stance Luke began a deeper more intimate thrust as Randy paused his thrusts. Once ready Luke called out, "LET'S RIDE BROTHER."
That they did. She moaned loudly and watched poor Micky snap photos of their performance. Awkwardly he circled them capturing every angle, every penetration, every emotion presented on their faces. Her red hair drowning Randy below made him gather it up and hold it in favor of enjoying her ecstasy. She was amazing. Their seesaw effect was driving her insane.
As Micky shaded them Lonnie returns talking on his cell, halting in step after seeing the DP trio. Sighing he said, "Deb I think I need to call you back. My kid is in...a pickle." Hanging up he slowly moved in for a better view. As he stood there watching his daughter's screaming orgasm his cell rang again. Studying the caller he discovers it to be Deborah's daughter Coochie. Groaning he decides to risk answering it.
"Coco?"
"Hi. Miss me?"
"I thought your Mother scolded you for sending me that video."
"Are you watching a porno? I hear fucking."
"Something like that."
"I can make you a porno real fast."
"You need to behave before your Mom takes your cell away."
"She wouldn't do that. My mom's a freak just like me. Daaaamn boy! That's some porno you're watching."
"You're telling me." He rolls his eyes. "I'm gonna hang up now. Try and keep it clean."
"My pussy's always clean. You can taste it when we come to dinner next Wednesday." She snickers knowing her effects on all men. Like Paige Coco "Coochie" Johnson had that childlike sexy voice.
"Probably not. I'm not going to ruin a good thing with your Mother over your mischief."
"I'll change your mind...Daddy."
"Good grief! I have one daughter already."
"Two if you marry my momma."
"Let's not get carried away. I barely know your mom. Even less you. I need to go. See you both Wednesday." He quickly cuts her off. Huffing his cheeks he hears Paige crying out "FUCK ME." at the top of her lungs. Shaking his head he hears his cell ring again. This time presuming it to be Coco again he growls, "WHAT?"
"Lonnie?" He hears a familiar voice. His eyes bulge as he covers the speaker and races back around the house to the front yard.
"Paula? Hey! Sorry I had to turn the TV down."
"I thought you were taking Paige to get her senior pictures taken."
"I did. I mean I am. They're outside. I just came into Micky's house to take a piss. We'll be headed your way in another hour tops."
"Is that photographer the creep from the mall?"
"He's not a creep. He used to be a professional Paparazzi out in California. I heard about that mall situation. Paige is really freaked out by Mark. I think he and I need to sit down and chat about it."
"What did Mark do? He always speaks very highly of our daughter."
"To you maybe. To Paige not so much. We both know our kid is honest to the bone so I need you to keep an open mind toward whatever is said."
"You drive a woman to drink Lonnie."
"Stop using that as an excuse. You need to stay sober. Don't waste that year chip on stupidity."
"I'm fine. I don't want to ruin my life anymore. We'll talk about Mark more later. He's coming in from the garage now. I don't want him asking questions. See you when you get here."
"Bye." Again he hangs up and starts toward the backyard. He no sooner than sees the trio continuing their DP adventure he spots Micky jacking off. "Ohhhh shit." Before he could intervene his cell pings with a text. Rolling his eyes he checks it to find Coochie had sent yet another video. "Fuck! I need to change my number. This punk just won't stop." Hesitant to open the video he turns the volume lower, as if anyone could hear it. Shame made him open it regardless. There she was a full frontal video of the thin black beauty as barely legal as his own daughter riding a Sybian saddle on the floor of their kitchen. Eyes glued he turns the volume up just in time to see her pinch her nipples as she rides the big black toy. Hearing her moan and talk seductively at the same time gave him chills. The kid was definitely sexy.
"Fuck me harder Mister Turner. I love your cock inside my sweet little pussy. You know you want it." She touches herself and shows him her wetness before licking her fingers. "This should be your cum on my tongue." Coochie licks her lips. "Mmmm! I'm yours Daddy." Laughter made her stop cold and give him a close up of her eyes, winking she finishes her video with, "My momma and I can share you. Think of me Daddy." The video ends as Lonnie grumbles.
"Who was that?"
"HOLY SHIT! Gerry don't sneak up on a guy like that. I might need one of your BP meds."
"So who was the chocolate hottie?"
"Christ. That was Deborah's daughter. Same age as Paige. The kid's infatuated with me and I haven't even met her."
"Tough. I'll be in my SUV if you need me." Gerry turns tail and runs. Yep! He needed to jerk off again after watching Coochie over Lon's shoulder. His ex wife Wanita was African American so any young gal of color excited the man. Too much.
Having had enough Lonnie shuts his cell off to prevent further distractions. Rounding the corner of the house he hears both Luke and Randy nutting loudly. Paige had at least had sense to let them jerk off over her instead of inside her. Good girl he thought. Micky was no where in sight. Oh, wait! There he was hiding behind the gnarled tree with the hanging tire. He must have decided to hide before finishing himself off.
Noting Lonnie's arrival the brothers looked busted until Lon put his hands up, "Relax. I'm not here to bust your chops. We need to get that horse pic if you're going to do it. Your Mom just called wondering where we were."
"Okay Daddy." Paige stood up with cum on her face and looks around for Micky. "Grampa Micky?" She called out as the boys began getting dressed. Lonnie pointed to the tree and she immediately skipped around to catch the elder man jerking off with his eyes closed. Sneaking up on him she kneels beneath his cock and tries not to make a sound. In two minutes of abusing his tripod Micky Polanski fired off a massive load. Snarling and wheezing at the same time he opened his eyes to locate Paige covered in the cum of three men. She whimpered like a lost puppy and lifted a bit to rub her face on his crown, spreading his jizz as if a paintbrush on a canvas. With a soft consent she begs, "Take my picture."
Smirking he took several shots of her cum coated features. Just before lowering his camera she swallows his cock whole and makes him hold the tree to keep balance. "Dear Lord. "slipped from his lips. She snapped her fingers up at him and he took photos of her devouring his entire seven inches of blue pill thrill. Once done she licks his dick and smiles up at him. "We need to take my warrior pics."
For the next thirty minutes she got her wish of parading the pasture on Widowshaker. Poses of combat stances in her chainmail, holding sword and shield were brilliantly hilarious but she was a born actor. Even if the sword took both hands to lift. Too funny. Further pics standing in the creek barefoot and touching herself while sitting on a large boulder, Widowshaker drinking from the creek behind her. Very sexy indeed.
Calling it a wrap Micky shyly spoke to Lonnie about what he had just done with Paige. Lonnie brushed it off with a pat on the back. "If it made your day to have my kid suck your cock who am I to give you grief. Just remember this when we do the calendar."
"I didn't plan on her...my...well shit. Give me a call or text me later how things go with the bald guy. You ever need me I'm there."
"Thanks buddy. I look forward to seeing those pictures in top quality."
"I'll have them before her Graduation."
Giddy Paige races across the stone bridge aligning Mick's property. Her chainmail bra slipping away to dangle as her turbulent breasts told them they needed air. She didn't bother to hide her topless beauty. Even as she drops her shield and trailing sword in the grass to be boxed up, Paige just couldn't stop being frisky. Hugging her Father she sighs heavily.
"Do we have to go to Mommy's?"
"You know we do."
"I'll be in the car." She peels away pouting.
"Hey! Take some boxes with you Red Sonja." She listens groaning as she takes her chainmail off and hauls the box around the house nude. Reaching Gerry's SUV without him seeing her she notes him reclined back in the drivers seat. Stepping quietly to the opened window to peer in she finds him jerking off again. With awe in her eyes she bites her lip and offers up, "Need help?"
"CRAP! Sorry punk. I didn't hear you sneak up."
"Neither did Grampa Micky." She wags her tongue and huffs her breath at him. That did not go over well. Growling Gerry Benson put his dick away for the day. The smell of cum on her breath ended his desires. Helping her load up, the group were ready to hit the road in ten minutes time. Micky took the time to sign a few autographs for Gerry offering him a beer to encourage him to stick around. Mick felt like going down memory lane.
Lonnie and a now dressed Paige, back in her dress headed out for Paula's. Moods were bouncing from joy to depression. Looking over at his daughter he caught wind of her scent. Hitting his brakes Lonnie turned around and headed back to Mick's.
"You need a shower."
"Can you all three watch me?"
"Fucking nympho."
She got her wish.
Lon needed a beer too.