Aditi woke up to the aroma of freshly brewed coffee drifting in to the room. She sat up using the pillow as a backrest to find Dev standing before her with a tray in his hand. Groggily she reached for the coffee and took a sip. The coffee was perfect -- made just the way she liked it.
'Morning, Love!' she smiled. 'Why are you up so early on a Saturday? And why are you pampering me so?' Aditi, asked flashing her husband with her million dollar smile. Placing the tray on bed Dev picked up his coffee and sat down next to her. 'Sweet-heart, I need a favor.'
'Tell me, what's up?' she said picking up a cookie from the tray.
'I guess I bragged a little too much at office yesterday...'
'About what?' asked Aditi taking a bite of the cookie and using back of her hand to gently push away a lock of hair that was covering her eye.
'Well, during lunch time Arjun showed us an x-rated clip forwarded to him. Golu was so impressed that he made Arjun show it to us three times!'
'What was it about?' she asked nibbling on the cookie.
'About a girl in bikini doing yoga and as she stretched backwards her tits pop out!' Aditi rolled her eyes, 'You, guys act like you are sex starved teenagers!' She took another sip of her coffee then took another bite of the cookie. 'Go, on... so what did you brag about?'
'Frankly, I think the girl in video was very ordinary but my friends seemed so impressed with her that I thought, may be, we could show them what the real deal looks like!'
'What do you mean?' Aditi looked her husband in the eye.
In response, Dev took out his mobile and sat next to her to show her the video clip. Aditi watched the skinny model in bikini show off her body through yoga moves. The clip ended with the model doing a back stretch and her tits popping out of her bikini.
'Honey, you are so much better endowed! When Arjun was showing off the clip as his prized possession, I couldn't help bragging that I knew a pretty woman who was much sexier and sporting too!'
'Flatterer!' Aditi grinned punching him playfully in the stomach. 'So you want to show me off!'
'Yes, but not as my wife! I have been telling them about this girl with big juicy jugs, who jogs in the park in a pink T-shirt with no bra underneath.'
Aditi gave him a stern look, 'I do have a pink T-shirt but I certainly don't go jogging bra-less! But go on, I'm listening. Tell me what else you have told your friends.'
'To make things interesting, I told them that this girl jogs in really short shorts. And that after jogging she does stretching on the grass to cool down and that is a sight for sore eyes!'
'You seriously want me to do all this?'
'Honey, my pals will be at the park today and if they don't see a braless girl in pink, they will never believe me again. Baby, my reputation is in your hands! You have got to help me out here. You have such nice jugs. Can't you go bra-less for one day?' Dev pleaded.
'Darling, for you I can do anything. But, what about the others in the park? Our acquaintances and the regulars we meet every day -- what will they think of me, on seeing me strutting my stuff in public like a slut?'
Dev had no reply. He went silent looking intently in to his mug of coffee, as if searching for an answer.
Aditi felt sorry for him and began caressing the back of his neck. 'Darling, why don't we invite your friends to our house instead? There's way more privacy in here. And I don't mind baring myself, in my own house.' 'No honey, that won't work!' Dev shook his head. 'An attractive girl outside is fair game... Introducing you as my wife will get my pals all fidgety & respectful. And it will look a bit weird too! After all the hype I have created about the sexy pink T-shirt jogger, the guys will be disappointed! '
'Hmmm... what if I go for my jog early and we keep in touch on mobile. You let me know when your friends are about to reach. I can change in to something sexy behind a bush in the park and then conveniently run in to you and your friends just as you guys are entering the park. You can then invite me home for tea and a session of stretching or yoga with you and your friends. How does that sound?'
Dev's eyes lit up momentarily but then he shook his ahead again. 'No, I don't want to get my office pals home and destroy our privacy. If I get them home they are bound to ask about my wife. Let us not complicate things and even if I spin a tale about my wife being away, if we run in to our maid or neighbour, the truth would be out.'
Downing his coffee in one shot, Dev pushed the mug away and reached out to his wife. Parting her silk robe he held her breasts. 'You have such big natural ones!' he said caressing her slowly. 'Any guy would give his arm just to hold them,' he whispered as her nipples grew erect under his touch. 'Is it just my boobs that you find pretty?' Aditi said punching her husband playfully.
'No, you have a pretty nose too...' he said kissing her gently on the nose, then on the lips. Sliding his lips down her neck, he tasted each of her juicy jugs. Then flicking her robe open, he moved further down to lick her belly button before moving further south to her crotch.
It was Aditi's turn to gulp down her coffee and push the mug away. As he tapped on her thighs she opened her legs wide for him. She let out an involuntary gasp as Dev nudged her clit with his nose, then began nibbling with his lips, alternated with licking it with his tongue. Holding his head in her hands, Aditi opened her legs wider, pushing his face deeper into her crotch.
'Yeah! Baby, that feels nice' she panted, as Dev continued to work on her clit. 'Promise me, you will go to the park in the pink T-shirt today, without any bra?' he lifted his head to ask.
'Yes, I promise!' Aditi panted pushing his head back between her legs.
'Promise me, you will wear your sexy denim shorts?' Dev lifted his head up again. 'Yeah, I will!' she said, firmly pushing his head back in.
'Promise you will do yoga and strut your stuff for my friends...'
'I'll go to the park naked if you want and fuck all your friends... Just don't stop now!' she shouted.
'That's my girl!' Dev grinned victoriously. Pushing two fingers in to her wet pussy, he began massaging her from inside even as he alternately licked and nibbled her clit from the outside.
'Ooooh....' She moaned. Just don't stop love, I'm coming!' she gasped. Dev felt the crushing pressure of her thighs and then she shuddered and came. She held him between her legs then gradually relaxed her grip and released him. 'Oh! Darling, that was nice,' she said, a satiated smile playing on her lips.
'Girl, you almost broke my neck!' Dev got up, rubbing his neck.
'Darling, I'm so sorry, I didn't realize!' Aditi got up and began massaging his neck. 'I guess I got carried away in the heat of the moment. Does, it hurt? Wanna see a Doctor?' she said genuinely concerned.
'No, it's alright now!' Dev grinned. 'I have never seen you come so explosively!'
'Yeah! It was mind blowing!' Aditi grinned. 'Thank you, so much!' she hugged & kissed him.'
'Come, now it's my turn to make you happy,' she said reaching out to stroke his manhood.
'Not now Darling, my friends are coming over to the park so I want us to get there before the regular crowds start to come in.'
'Okay, I'll get ready.'
'You do remember your promise, don't you?' he asked grinning. 'I hope you'll keep it!' Aditi blushed a shade of red as she remembered her words, blurted out in a moment of passion. Without answering she got up and escaped in to the bathroom. When she came out she had washed her face and combed her hair. Dev was waiting for her ready with a pink T-shirt and light blue micro denim shorts. Dev himself was in a grey T-shirt and navy blue shorts.
Aditi put on the T-shirt & shorts and tied her hair in to a pony tail. She brushed her eyelids with a hint of gold to add a touch of glamour and after applying some lip gloss, slipped it in to the pocket of her denim shorts. The T-shirt was made of stretch material and it clung to her body highlighting her well endowed bosom. Without a bra the dark pink areola of her nipples contrasted against her fair skin and was clearly visible from outside of her T-shirt. Her light blue denim micro shorts barely covered her buns, leaving her shapely thighs delightfully exposed. Aditi pouted looking at herself in the mirror. She looked glamorous and sexy, just like her husband wanted!
Satisfied with her makeover, she stepped out in to the porch where her husband stood waiting patiently for her. Dev looked at her, mouth wide open in amazement. Aditi turned around for him to have a good look at her from front and behind. Then she stood before him, posing like a model, standing with her feet apart and her hands on her hips.
'So, how do I look?'
'Baby you look... absolutely gorgeous!' he said with some difficulty. 'You, you look like a... playboy centerfold with your jugs and tits visible from under your T-shirt!'
'I'm glad you like it, Darling!' she smiled. 'I hope your friends, like it too!'
'But honey, how can you walk out of the house dressed like that?' Dev sounded genuinely concerned.
'I'm not the sort of girl, who doesn't keep her promise,' she said looking her husband boldly in the eye. 'You wanted to show me off to your friends, as a sexy jogging partner. Are you chickening out now?'
'I do want to show off my curvaceous wife to my friends, but if you step out of the house dressed like this you will attract a lot of attention. What if we run in to our neighbours or acquaintances - what will they think?'
'Give me a minute!' Aditi went back inside the house and came out wearing a pair of dark glasses with a base ball cap pulled low over her forehead.
'There... I'm incognito now! If things get embarrassing, you can always pretend that you don't know me. Instead of walking, let's take your big brawny Jeep to the park. It has tinted windows and I have a spare key. If I feel uncomfortable in the park, I will get in to the Jeep and wait for you. Or if things get really out of hand, I will simply drive off to my aunt's place, till things cool down!'
Dev looked at his wife in amazement! 'Honey, you are a real sport!' Dev grinned. 'Let's go!'
As Dev drove up to the park and he spotted his two friends chatting at the gate. Dev parked at a distance and pointed them out to Aditi. 'The bald, plump guy is Golu, the Accountant. The tall lanky one was Arjun, who handles Administration.' Dressed in T-shirt and shorts, they looked like any other health conscious citizens who had come for a walk in the park.
Aditi got out of the Jeep five minutes after Dev had met up with his colleagues and gone in to the park. Aditi liked jogging clockwise on the track, so she had asked Dev to walk anticlockwise on the track. That way she would get to pass him and his friends from the front letting them sight her bouncing boobs. On the second pass Dev was to say 'Hi' and introduce her as his jogging partner to his two friends. They would then to head away from the jogging track to a secluded section of the park for some yoga, stretching and fun. Both Dev & Aditi had their earphones on, ostensibly to hear music, but actually for coordinating and being in touch.
It was still early and there were not too many people in the park as Aditi began her usual run in the park. She was acutely aware of her unfettered breasts bouncing up and down. Whether it was the effect of cool breeze or her nipples rubbing against her T-shirt, Aditi felt her tits hardening to an erection.
She spotted some people ahead on the track. Clinching her fists like a boxer Aditi did her best to cover her chest with her hands. Even though she was successful is shielding her breasts, she couldn't help but notice the gaze of the passing men on her exposed thighs. In fact the one on extreme right turned his head to look at her as she ran past him. Aditi normally took two rounds of the park taking about twenty minutes to complete one round of the park.
As she turned the third corner, her earphone crackled and Dev announced that he was approaching a pond inside the park. Aditi spotted her husband along with the two men in the distance. They were walking some distance behind a pair of girls in bright T-shirts. Aditi moved her hands away from in front of her chest, to her sides, as soon as she crossed the girls. The men slowed down their pace to watch her boobs juggle and bounce, as she approached. She wasn't sweating much but in absence of any bra the thin T-shirt material clung to her skin, clearly outlining the dark areola of her erect nipples. From behind her dark glasses she saw all three men, including her husband stare, as she ran towards them. Her husband had deliberately put his mobile on speakerphone mode so that she could overhear the men's conversation.
'Wow, she sure has big ones!' said the plump bald, Golu. He was clean shaven and looked cute as he stared at her bouncing jugs wide-eyed through his thick specs.
'Now here's a sight to soothe my sore eyes,' said the tall and lanky Arjun checking her out. Dev winked and puckered his lips in an imaginary kiss and she couldn't help smiling. As she ran past her husband's friends Aditi saw other joggers ahead. She quickly brought her hands to cover her chest and ran like a boxer under training. But she could still hear her husband's friends voice in her earphones.
'Now I understand why Dev is so keen on his morning jogs', she heard Arjun say. 'You sure are lucky to have such beauties in your park. Have you befriended any of them?' asked Golu.
'I know most of them,' she heard her husband bragging. 'The woman in pink T-shirt who just crossed us, is Anita,' thankfully Dev did not reveal Aditi's real name.
'The one with big juicy jugs is called Anita?' asked Golu.
'Yes, she's Anita. We often jog together and some time we do yoga together!' boasted Dev. 'Are there any other type of exercises that you do with her?' Arjun chuckled.
'I would love to jog with Anita and her big melons,' pined Golu.
There was silence for a while then someone piped up, 'Hey look at this short girl approaching us. Do you know her too?'
'No! I don't think she's a regular,' she could hear her husband say.
'I think the girl in yellow T-shirt is quite cute,' said Golu.
'No way, I think the one in pink T-shirt, Anita, is prettier. What do you say Dev?' asked Arjun.
'I like Anita!' replied Dev. 'She's an ex-model and has done topless centerfolds too!'
'Which magazine?' demanded Golu. 'I have to see those melons uncovered!'
'I don't remember the publication, but if you want I can introduce you guys to her...' 'Are you kidding us? If she's kinda bold and gorgeous model, how do you know her!' asked Arjun.
Aditi smiled to herself pleased that her decision to jog bra-less was having the desired results on her husband's friends. She was flattered to hear them chatter on and on about her as they completed one long circuit of the park.
Aditi was on to her second round and she knew she would be running in to them again shortly. The park had a variety of greenery ranging from bushes to tall trees. Aditi slowed down as she neared a spot on the track that had dense vegetation on both sides. She slipped behind a bush and pulled out lip gloss from her pocket. Dabbing a generous amount on her lips, she went back to jogging on the track.
She could see the men whom she had passed the first time approaching again. They were looking out towards her so she pulled down her base ball cap and raised her arms to protectively to her chest and increased her speed as they slowed their walking pace to get a better view of her.
This time all three men turned to stare at her as she ducked her head and ran past them. She ran fast for a while until she saw the two girls ahead of her husband and his two friends. The gap between the girls and her husband's friends had increased as the girls were walking at a brisk pace, while her husband and his friends had been loitering on the track.
Aditi kept her hands protectively in front of her chest till she reached the girls but moved them away and slowed down as she neared her husband's friends.
'Hey, the lady with big boobs is coming our way again,' she heard Golu's happy voice through her husband's mobile phones. 'Wow! Just look at them bouncing!'
'I just love her micro shorts, they reveal her shapely long legs right up to her thighs,' said Arjun.
'What wouldn't I give to hold her big jugs just once...' Golu added as she came closer. 'You know what, I have actually held Anita's jugs,' boasted Dev.
Both men stared at her husband and shook their head in disbelief.
'Guys, it was heavenly!' Dev reiterated.
'Liar!' said Golu, enviously. 'If you know her why don't you introduce her to us?' asked Arjun.
'I can introduce you guys to her, but only if you promise to give me a treat!' 'Done, fish and chips at the Ritz!' said Golu.
Dev looked at Arjun enquiringly. 'Okay, I'll treat you to some fine Red wine,' added Arjun.
'Deal!' Dev smiled at his friends then turning towards his approaching wife raised his hand in a high five and shouted 'Hi, Anita!'
His friends watched with baited breath and were impressed with their friend when shapely Anita actually smiled at Dev and clapped her hand against Dev's raised high five and stopped.
'Hi Dev!' she smiled. 'I was wondering where you had disappeared today?'
'I was with my friends who I had invited for a walk in our park today,' Dev said pointing at his colleagues. 'I'd like you to meet Arjun and Golu. They are my friends from office,' Dev said.
'Hi guys... I'm Anita,' said Aditi offering her hand. The friends shook her hand one by one, but their eyes kept getting distracted to her erect nipples poking out from under her T-shirt.
'This is indeed a wonderful park, how do you like it?' she asked making polite conversation.
'Very nice, very nice indeed,' said Golu glancing at her boobs.
'Anita's a part time model!' said Dev looking at his friends pointedly.
'Like me Anita is a regular jogger at this park and when we noticed that our jogging pace matched, we started jogging together,' Dev explained.
'We are good friends & jogging partners now,' agreed Anita. 'If you guys are done with your walk, maybe we can sit on the grass and chat. Or would you like to walk some more?'
'No, we are through with our walk,' said Golu promptly not willing to let Anita out of sight.
'Then let me take you to the spot where we generally do our stretching exercises after finishing our jog,' so saying, Aditi led the men away from the track on to the grass. They walked for a while along the undulating landscaped garden of the park, past the manicured bushes till they reached an opening in to a sort of nursery for plants. The area was surrounded by bushes, away from prying eyes.
As they settled down on the grass in a circle, Aditi asked them to sit with their legs crossed and breathe deeply for a while. From behind her dark glasses she saw the men watching her bosom move up and down as she inhaled and exhaled deeply. She made everyone carry on deep breathing for five minutes while she keenly observed her surroundings. Satisfied that they were not being watched Aditi decided to take the game to the next level.
'Now let me help you with your back stretch' Aditi said getting up. She made Dev stand facing the men with his feet wide apart and then made him gently bend backwards. She supported him from behind as he bent backwards. As Dev leaned further back, Aditi supported his head initially with her hands and then her shoulders. As he went further back Golu and Arjun noticed that Dev's head was actually resting on her bosom. They looked at each other in disbelief!
So when she asked if any of his friends wanted to try back bending, Golu promptly got up. She stood behind him and supported him as he leaned back. As Golu tried to lean back further she supported his head by resting it on her shoulder. Golu tried but couldn't get his stiff back to bend more but to balance his weight Anita had to move in closer and Golu was acutely aware of the soft firmness of her breasts pressing against his back. He enjoyed the moment till Aditi tapped him on the shoulder and asked him to return to his place.
Arjun who had been observing the proceedings very closely used his thin frame to advantage. He leaned backwards much more that either Dev or Golu. Arjun too felt Anita's firm breasts press against his back but as he leaned back more she stepped away supporting his head with her hands. But as he leaned back even further he could see her bosom inches away. As he leaned back further, she rewarded him by letting him rest his head upon her breasts. She let him enjoy the comfort of her softness for a few moments then tapping his arm, asked him to return to his position.
Anita then gestured her husband to come forward for supporting her for the back bending exercise. As Dev came up to her she looked around the park and whispered in to his ears, 'If you want to uncover my boobs for your pals to see, now's your chance!' Dev was blank for a moment but when her words sunk in, he looked at his wife wide eyed. She was an amazing woman. Not only was she up to the challenge but was sportingly inviting him to undress her in public. He too quickly glanced around to see if anyone else was watching them. Satisfied that no one was watching he took his position behind her, he held her gently by her waist as she began her backward bend.
This time Aditi was facing Dev and had her back towards his colleagues. But as she leaned backwards holding on to Dev for support she could watch his friends from behind her dark glasses. Initially she held his arms as she bent further and further back, then let her hands go leaving Dev to support her completely. As she leaned further back further back her loose T-shirt slipped revealing her mid-riff and belly button. Dev held her by the waist and she continued leaning back further stretching out till her hands were touching the grass. Slipping further under gravity her T-shirt bundled up resting on her big bosom. She could see the intent look on the inverted faces of Dev's two colleagues.
It was his call now. It was up to Dev, to uncover his wife's ripe jugs in front of his pals, or let it be. Dev saw his colleagues devouring the sight unfolding before them with anticipation and hunger in their eyes. After bringing them to the Park, he could not disappoint them. Winking at them he nudged her bundled up T-shirt gently and the T-shirt cascaded all the way down uncovering her big juicy melons and proudly erect tits! The T-shirt was now covering her face and Aditi couldn't see the effect of her breasts on the men, but she was happy, happy that her husband was proud of her, proud enough to invite his friends and bare her before them. For a while she remained still, letting the men feast their eyes on her breasts. Then supported by Dev she stood up slowly. Pretending to be unaware of her exposure she looked at her breasts in surprise. 'Oops! I didn't realize my T-shirt had shifted,' she exclaimed. Propriety demanded that she act demure, so she quickly raised her hands across her bare breasts shielding her nipples from the men's sight. 'Sorry guys, I hope you didn't mind?' she smiled sheepishly at the guests.
'Dev, you ought to have warned me,' she protested turning towards Dev. 'What will your colleagues think of me?'
'I don't think my friends minded it at all! You are beautiful, with such wonderful natural assets!'
Dev turned to pals for support, 'Come on guys, what do you say?'
Golu and Arjun hurriedly nodded their heads. 'No, no, we didn't mind, at all!' said Arjun. 'We think you are beautiful!' added Golu.
'What did I tell you,' Dev stepped in close behind her. 'You shouldn't be hiding your beauty!'
'You want me walk around naked?' she asked huskily.
'No, I just want you to be your natural self when you are amongst friends,' said Dev holding her hands from behind. Then gently guiding her hands away from her breasts, he placed them around his neck.
'Let me take off your T-shirt!'
To his friends' amazement Anita did not protest as Dev pulled her T-shirt totally off. The men stared at Anita's big melons displayed in front them.
'Relax, you are with friends...' Dev told Anita and sliding his hands gently across her belly slowly began to unbutton her denim shorts. His colleagues' eyes almost popped out as he unzipped her shorts and gently tugged at them. They were amazed to see that Anita was not wearing any under as her shorts dropped down to her shoes. As they stared at her clean-shaven pussy Anita helpfully stepped out of her shorts.
'Atta-girl! Now this is what I call, natural beauty!' said Dev waiving his hand at Anita as his pals stared dumbfounded. 'Come on guys, speak up... isn't she beautiful?'
'Uh! Yeah,' mumbled Arjun while Golu just nodded his head, eyeing Anita who was wearing only dark glasses, a base-ball cap and running shoes.
'Anita, you look gorgeous! I want a selfie with you,' said Dev taking out his mobile.
'Instead of a selfie why don't you give your mobile to your friends and let them snap our photos?'
'Good idea!' said Dev, handing his mobile to Golu. 'Now, I have both my hands free to play with your melons!' he added, grabbing her breasts and making her gasp in ecstasy.
As Golu clicked pictures, Dev began kneading and suckling her breasts alternatively. He then tapped on her thigh and Aditi opened her legs obligingly. Golu stared at her clit peeping out from her clean shaven pussy. Even as Golu tried to frame a picture of her with her clit peeping, Dev slipped his finger into her pussy and began massaging her clit. Anita let out a moan, as Golu clicked away.
Anita pulled Dev close and whispered in his ears. 'Dev, this has gone much beyond jogging bra-less in the park. You have stripped me naked in front of your pals and now you are getting me seriously aroused. Tell me frankly, what is your game? You want to me to fuck your buddies... isn't it?'
Dev did not respond. He looked at Golu and Arjun who were staring at her lustily. 'Guys why don't you come and pose with this beautiful lady and let me take a pictures of you.' 'I take it that the answer is a 'Yes'!' whispered Anita.
Instead of replying Dev kissed her passionately, 'You are the best!' Then giving her a thumbsup, he exchanged places with Arjun and Golu.
Golu and Arjun stood fidgeting as they posed for photos standing on either side of her. Aditi offered them her arm and took it bridging the gap. Golu summoned enough courage to lean on her shoulder, but Arjun just ogled at her, too shy to make any move. 'You guys do like me, don't you?' Anita conversationally asked the men, to break ice.
'Of course, we do. You are gorgeous. And frankly I have never posed with a nude woman before... this is almost like my wet dream, coming true!' said Golu.
'Then why don't you guys act like it? Instead of just standing on the sides, why don't you come and hold me and make the most of your wet dream!' Anita prodded, opening her arms wide and gesturing them to come closer.
'Are you sure?' said Arjun glancing at her bare breasts inches away, then looking her in the eye.
'Of course, I'm sure. Your friend Dev has stripped me naked for you. He is now trying to get a sexy picture of us together, so let's give him some hot ones,' said Anita looking him back in the eye.
Arjun hesitantly put an arm around her waist. Golu instead opted to put an arm around her shoulder and posed.
'You guys don't like my breasts? Then why don't you pose holding them?' said Aditi guiding their free hands to her jugs. They posed for Dev with their hands delicately placed on her bosom.
'Come on guys make it look as if you are enjoying it!' she said placing her hands on top of their hands encouraging them to squeeze her breasts. Soon they lost the initial shyness and were fondling and squeezing her breasts.
'Guys, come and taste me now!' Cupping her hands, Aditi then lifted her breasts in offer. The sight of Anita offering her ripe melons was too much for them. Both Golu and Arjun lunged at her and together began squeezing, fondling and suckling her breasts. Anita smiled at Dev who was clicking away on his mobile, then shut her eyes to enjoy the sensations.
When the guys surfaced to breathe Anita smiled and asked, 'So, do you like the taste of my tits?'
'Yes, very much,' said Arjun while Golu blushed and turned a shade of red.
'I like you guys suckling me too!' said Anita. 'Let's have some more fun, but guys, first take your clothes off! Why should only women have to bare?'
Both Arjun and Golu promptly pulled their top off and turned towards Anita but she wanted the whole package and their bottoms off too! As their clothes came off Anita could see their bulging manhood. 'Yeah! Boys come with the meat, I could do with a sausage or two!' she grinned.
Anita was now sandwiched between his two naked friends as they tried to grab and fondle her. Always wanting to photograph his wife in the nude, Dev was clicking away furiously. He was happy that by goading her to undress in the park, he had been instrumental in making his wife lose her inhibitions. She was obviously enjoying herself now, being simultaneously pleasured by his two office mates.
'Don't tickle', said Anita giggling, as Golu moved his lips down from her breasts across her belly. As they fondled and played around Anita stumbled and fell on the grass, ending with Golu on top of her. He instinctively began to get in to missionary position to mount her, even as Arjun watched. Anita glanced at Dev and found him busy taking her pictures with his mobile. She then gestured to Arjun to bring her, her denim shorts. Arjun did her bidding and Dev was surprised to see her dig out two sachets from the pocket of her denim shorts. Tearing a sachet with her teeth, she took out a ribbed condom and quickly rolled it on Golu's erect manhood.
Opening her legs, she then guided his erect manhood down in to her depths. She matched Golu thrust for thrust, and was soon heaving and panting. She let out soft moan as Golu thrust in to her repeatedly, and finally climaxed with a shudder. As a spent Golu rolled away and lay exhausted in the grass, Anita paused to catch her breath watching Arjun, waiting patiently with his massive erection. She grabbed the second condom sachet, tearing it with her teeth and smiled at Arjun.
Arjun did not need a second invitation. He pounced on Anita squeezing and fondling her nipples as she rolled the ribbed condom on his erection. Instead of straight away mounting her, he gently kissed her on the lips, then moved down to suckle both her tits, then moved down to lick her already wet and dripping pussy. An already aroused Anita did not want further foreplay. Opening her legs, she roughly pulled him on top. Arjun's manhood easily slid in to her already wet and well lubricated pussy.
Arjun was in no hurry. It was not every day that he got a chance to savour such a dish. He wanted to take his time while making love to such a beautiful woman. He wanted the moment to stay. Lifting himself off her chest, he gazed in to her face. Her skin was flushed with ecstasy and perspiration. Her lips were parted as she panted for breath. Her eyes were half-shut, glazed, as if she was seeing him, yet was focused somewhere far, far, away.
'What's the matter, Arjun? What are you looking for?' she suddenly said. He then realized that her glazed eyes were not focused at something very distant but peeping right in to his soul. There was no way he could hide the truth from her. 'I think I have fallen head over heels in love with you,' he mumbled.
'I know, I can see it in your eyes!' she said, continuing to stare at him through her half glazed eyes.
'What do you want me to do?' he ventured.
He could feel Anita holding and squeezing his manhood inside her pussy. 'Just make passionate love to me for now and leave the rest to fate!' she whispered.
'Yes, of course!' he smiled and kissing her gently on her parted lips, began pumping in to her in real earnestness. Beautiful Anita was matching him thrust for thrust and their tempo kept building up until suddenly he shuddered and came. As he lay on top, trying to feel the magic of their just concluded lovemaking, he felt a tap on his back.
'Move over man, I wanna fuck the slut!'
Arjun turned around to see Dev hurriedly peeling off his clothes.
'Hey, that's no way to address a lady, Dev! Let me check with her first,' said Arjun protectively. 'Moreover, I think she's out of condoms!'
'It's alright, Arjun! Dev and I go a long, long way and we never use condoms.'
Arjun was heart-broken as he watched Anita kiss Dev passionately. She helped him feed on her breasts and when he tapped on her thighs, she immediately opened her legs to let Dev push in his rod for unprotected sex. She looked at Dev with the same half-shut glazed eyes that she had looked at Arjun with.
Suddenly Dev convulsed and his rod slipped out of her pussy. He began spurting his juices all over her stomach and her breasts. He was astonished to see her smile at Dev then lift her breasts to lick his cum off. She even collected cum on her stomach with her forefinger and licked it off. She then lifted Dev's drooping gun with her hand and licked it clean of all cum. 'Was it good for you?' she asked Dev and when he nodded his head she kissed him affectionately. Before leaving him she mumbled something about going home in her Jeep. She did have a weak spot for him Arjun concluded.
Anita then put her clothes on and left after thanking the men for a giving her with a good work out!