My wife Lynn is a compulsive flasher and exhibitionist. Ever since I have known her she has been making sure that she lets people see her body. When we have friends or family stay, she always manages to never quite shut the bedroom or bathroom door or she walks into the living room in a towel on the pretext of asking a question and accidentally drops the towel. She often goes bra-less and wears tops that hang down when she bends or leans forward which always happens to be when there is someone in a position to look down her top.
At work her skirts have always been short and the tops low cut and she has never been one to hold down a dress on a windy day. She often does the housework in the nude and even hangs the washing out wearing just the bottom half of her bikini, particularly when she knows our neighbour's teenage son is home. I have never minded this behaviour as it generally makes her randy and if she has managed a good flash we end up having great sex. I guess you would say that it is all reasonably tame behaviour, however it has added a degree of spice to our marriage over the years.
A series of events that occurred recently however have changed her behaviour significantly and I am still endeavouring to come to terms with it all. We were watching the cricket on TV and there was a streaker, an attractive young girl who managed to run three quarters of the way across the oval before the constabulary managed to grab her and cover her with a coat. It was obvious that the girl enjoyed herself and thought it was a great lark.
Lynn was strangely quiet during the event and for the next hour, before she suddenly grabbed me and dragged me to bed for an amazing sex session. About a week later a friend gave me a copy of a European video about flashing and voyeurism. It covered everything from a fairly mild flash of boob, to some very graphic footage of women flashing their pussies, real open leg stuff and couples actually having sex in public places in full view of passing people. Lynn was like an animal after watching the video and in fact for the next week. I suspect she watched it a few more times during the day when I was at work.
After one particularly torrid session we Lynn started to talk about the video and the effect it was having on her. She admitted that she had watched the video again that morning and had been so aroused that she had spent a sizeable part of the day outside totally nude. She had hung the washing out first and had noticed a tradesman on the roof of the house behind us. So she had decided to stay outside and do some gardening and sunbathing until she became so turned on at the knowledge that this stranger was ogling her, she had rushed inside and masturbated.
She asked how I felt about the video and how would I feel if we tried some of the things ourselves. I asked her to be a bit more specific, so she explained that the thought of flashing publicly was really turning her on. She was also having regular fantasies about going to a beach topless or maybe totally nude and given that we had been discussing an overseas holiday that maybe Greece would be somewhere that we could try her first fantasy. I mulled over it for a while because although I was reaping the benefits of Lynn's compulsion, I was a little disturbed at how strongly it now appeared to be affecting her. Her lips around my cock soon convinced me and I agreed, although without a lot of certainty.
Our first two days in Greece were fairly normal by Lynn's standards, here attire around the hotel was skimpy and she went topless on the beach. Late on the afternoon of the second day we were on the beach and got talking to another couple that had arrived on the same bus as us. We had noticed them around a number of times and I had observed that she was a lot like Lynn in the sense that she appeared to like showing off her body. They were a Germans and were a little older than us but they were very friendly. They asked us to join them for dinner, which we did. Anna looked stunning when we met them for dinner wearing a very short skirt and a loose fitting top with only the bottom few buttons fastened. Throughout the evening she continually leant over to talk to me, which meant I got a real eyeful.
Naturally Lynn was up to her usual tricks. Later in the evening we were all a little drunk and Günter told us that they were into voyeurism and flashing. They had noticed Lynn as being that way inclined and had struck up the conversation on the beach accordingly. He said they had plans for tomorrow on a secluded beach and invited us to join them. He apologised for setting us up this way and would understand if we did not want to. He added that in any event they had enjoyed our company. I did not have a chance to answer as Lynn accepted the invitation in a flash.
The next day they took us around the island to a secluded beach. I could see s few people scattered along the sand but far less than near the hotel. We placed our things on the sand and Anna proceeded to remove her sundress. To my surprise she was totally naked and also completely shaven. She sat on her towel and proceeded to rub sun cream onto her skin. Lynn also removed her dress but as usual she was wearing her bikini bottoms. She hesitated momentarily and then removed them and sat next to Anna. It was the first time that I had ever seen her completely naked in front of another man. Günter nudged me and said, "No one will come if we stay." I
gave him a puzzled look. He explained "On this beach men will come and observe the women if we are not here. I like to first look at other women on the beach and then come and sit nearby and watch the men look at Anna." It was suddenly clear, he got off by watching men perve on his wife. Lynn looked at me with an exited glint in her eyes, I could tell she was excited as she said, "Go with Günter, Nigel." I thought about it momentarily and said, "OK lets go." We walked for about half a mile and I realised that most people on the beach were naked, there were a couple of very attractive young women and Günter was quite blatant in looking at them. People do not mind here, he said. When we got back near the girls they were still alone and Günter indicated to me to sit by some rocks around thirty yards from them. I looked a little closer and realised that they were both lying on their backs with their legs spread wide apart.
It wasn't long before we observed a couple of men heading this way. As they came closer it was obvious they had spotted the women and their course deviated towards them. They stopped right in front of them and made no attempt to be discreet as they perved on the women. Neither girl made any attempt to cover themselves or even bring the legs together, they just continued to lay there letting the men get a close up of their most intimate parts. One of the men must have said something because Anna suddenly sat up and started to talk with them and then Lynn also sat up. Anna had folded her legs as she sat talking and I could imagine the view that the men must have of her shaven pussy. Lynn just sat there with her knees wide apart. I had mixed emotions as I sat there watching with the knowledge that two strangers were ogling my wife's naked body but the dominant feeling was arousal, which was impossible to hide in my swim trunks. Günter noticed and laughed, "You like too, I see."
I reddened in embarrassment and realised that he was in the same predicament. Ten minutes later the men moved on and we went over to our wives. "Sit with us now boys," said Anna "But first you must remove your trunks, it is only fair." I saw Lynn's eyes widen as Günter immediately removed his trunks to reveal his still erect cock. I could see the excitement on her face and I could tell she was highly aroused due to the recent events, as she urged me to do likewise. Günter laughed as he told the girls of his discovery that I had enjoyed watching my wife display herself the way she had and then demanded that the girls tell us what had happened.
The men had tried to chat them up and had invited them back to their villa for lunch and to a disco that evening but the girls had declined. Lynn was getting agitated, as the story was being recounted and tried to whisper to me that she wanted to go back to the hotel. There was no doubt as to why because her pussy was absolutely glistening. Günter must have heard because he interrupted Anna and said, "I think our friends want to make love Anna, yes?" Lynn reddened a little at being overheard. "The best part," he said, "is to make love here, we would like to watch you." We were both taken aback at his directness and struggled for words. Günter continued, "Touch her Nigel, look how wet she is she wants you now. You want him now, don't you Lynn?"
"Yes!" she whispered hoarsely and reached across grabbing my cock. Within seconds we were fucking like rabbits, not caring that we had an intimate audience and that we in the open on a beach. Lynn came twice before I shot the most powerful jet of come I can remember deep into her wet cunt. As we recovered I looked up to see Günter and Anna both slowly masturbating, god they must have some control I thought. Now you must watch us he said and with that positioned Anna so that she had one leg raised as he entered her. We had a clear view of his prick working in and out of her shaven cunt. It was an unbelievable sight; he was an absolute expert cocksman and fucked her for what seemed like an eternity bringing her to multiple orgasms before letting her suck him to his orgasm, swallowing the lot. Lynn and I fucked again back at the hotel before sleeping for the afternoon.
That evening we had agreed to meet for dinner and went on to the disco. I had gone to the bar to get drinks and on the way back Günter stopped me and indicated that we sit at another table. I looked at him questioningly and he indicated to the women. They were talking to the two men from the beach. He said let us watch for a while. A while turned out to be a few hours as the men entertained and danced with our wives. I wasn't happy but he convinced me that it would be okay and that nothing would happen. I wasn't so sure as Lynn was in full flight flashing her legs and boobs in her usual fashion. As the evening progressed they danced closer together and I saw her man continually put his hand on her arse and squeeze. Somehow they managed to get rid of the men and we retired for the evening with another day at the beach planned for tomorrow. Lynn was like an animal back in the room and we fucked repeatedly during the night.
In the morning I breakfasted alone as Lynn wanted to sleep a little longer before getting ready for the beach. Later we met the others in the foyer and headed of to the beach. As on the previous day Anna immediately removed her dress and sat naked on her towel. As Lynn slid her dress of I gasped in amazement. She too was naked and had shaven her cunt as well. She smiled at me and said "well, what do you think, do you like it?" I was stunned but Gaunter whistled appreciatively before indicating to me that we should move away again. For some reason he insisted that we be a little less visible than yesterday although we could still see clearly.
n old man walked past shortly afterwards, he slowed to take a look but did not stop. A while later I saw four figures in the distance heading our way. The headed straight for the women and for some reason I was vaguely disturbed when I realised it was the two men from yesterday with two other friends. There was a lot of friendly greetings and banter as they stood talking. One of the men went to sit and then hesitated before standing back up. Suddenly all four removed their togs and sat down. I started to stand and move but Günter restrained me saying it was okay and that Anna knew what she was doing. I could hear her voice in my mind. "You must remove your togs, it is only fair."
There was much laughter and animation, the relationship obviously strengthened from the previous evening. I was shocked a little later to see Anna hand one of the men a bottle of sun cream and he started to rub it into her back. He handed the bottle to another who started on her legs. One of the other two stood up to take the bottle and started to move behind Lynn. I could see that he had an erection and again I wanted to move but Günter convinced me that it would be OK. It wasn't long before both women were virtually being massaged all over. I could imagine the state that Lynn must be in and then I noticed she was beginning to writhe, as she became more and more aroused. Suddenly the two men working on Lynn flipped her over on to her stomach, the man doing her legs moved to a kneeling position between her legs, placed his hands under her hips and raised her to a kneeling position.
I realized he was going to fuck her but before I could move he had entered her from behind and was shafting her vigorously. Her moans of pleasure and shouts of encouragement were cut short by the other guy's cock, which had been shoved into her mouth. Whilst my stomach was churning as I watched my wife being fucked by a total stranger, my cock was operating to a different emotion and it was rock hard. Anna by now was also being treated the same way and I heard Günter grunt with approval as he watched the fucking his wife was receiving. I now realised that it had all been set up by Günter and Anna, I wondered whether Lynn had known as well. Günter had his cock out and was masturbating as he watched the performance. It wasn't long before Lynn was screaming as she had the first of several orgasms.
After fucking her vigorously for what seemed an eternity the stranger emptied his balls into my beautiful wife's cunt. The other guy removed his still hard cock from her mouth and moved behind her. He thrust a finger into her sodden pussy and then slid his now lubricated finger into her arse. He then slid his cock into her cunt and slowly fucked all the while working his finger in and out of her arse. I saw he body shudder as another orgasm hit her. Satisfied that he had loosened her up, he slid his wet cock out of her pussy and placed it at the entrance to her virgin hole. He reached around her waist and gently squeezed her labia around her throbbing clit as he rammed his cock into her hot arse.
She screamed in a mixture of pleasure and pain as he pumped into he powerfully. Soon she was like a wanton slut. begging him to fuck her harder. The other man excited by the scene thrust his still slimy soft cock into her mouth which she greedily sucked bringing him back to hardness. Never could I Have imagined such a scene or believed my wife was capable of behaving this way. Soon both men were pumping their hot seed into my slut wife. Exhausted by their efforts they all collapsed onto their towels and lay there panting as they recovered. I thought that was where it would end but I was wrong. After a short period and a refreshing drink I saw Lynn looking at the cock of one of the men who had fucked Anna.
It was huge! I hadn't taken a lot of notice earlier being more focused on what was happening to Lynn. The man said something and the next thing I know Lynn is kneeling between his legs sucking his huge cock. He was young and fit and despite his recent efforts was soon hard again. Lynn straddled him and lowered herself onto the monster cock. I could not believe how much it was stretching her bald cunt lips. With her cunt still wet she was soon able to accommodate the whole thing and she began to ride him furiously. The second of Anna's fuckers decided to join them and offered his cock to my wife. She did not hesitate taking into her mouth hungrily. I could not believe it, my newly born slut had received four different cocks in her various orifices in less than an hour.
A short while later the men moved on and as we approached I could see Lynn's bald cunt was oozing come. She had a contented smile on her face as she lay there. Günter looked at me and said, "Do you mind if I also fuck Lynn, you may have Anna." He didn't wait for my reply as he entered my wife and proceed to fuck her in his expert style. I was still too numb from what had happened to react and Anna reached up and pulled me to her. Her expert sucking soon had me groaning and I exploded in her mouth. She kept sucking as I watched Günter power into Lynn who was squealing as she came again. I was soon hard again and Anna demanded that I fuck her long and hard, which I duly did.
What happened over the rest of the holiday is too long to recount here however if you readers would like to here about the rest of Lynn's adventures let me know and I will try to find the time to put pen to paper so to speak.