BORING! That's how most people who know us would describe us. My wife and I are pretty straight laced individuals. At least that's what people think. And that's what we want them to think. And it really is true, most of the time. Meredith is a teacher and I'm an administrator for a government agency. We live a peaceful life in a quiet suburb outside of Atlantic City. But we like to let our hair down every once in a while. Sometimes we spend a night at the casino and even though we aren't big gamblers, in the slow off-season atmosphere of Atlantic City's casinos we might as well have been high rollers to a casino in need of patrons. We don't get there often but thanks to our Diamond Club Card the casino sent us an offer of a free room. So we took a day off and planned for a night of fun.
We are both in our fifties but our good genes and health club memberships have kept us looking pretty young for a couple of people our age. This is especially true for Meredith who is a real beauty. She is half Asian. She has the dark almond shaped eyes, high cheek bones, flawless skin and full lips of an Oriental doll. Her long dark hair cascades around her face and frames her exotic beauty. She has a tight little body with lots of curves in her five foot frame. Her breasts are small and firm and they still don't need any help pointing up and out. Her ass is full and round, she calls it her bubble butt, and it is accentuated by her narrow waist. Add to this her sweet nature and playful attitude toward life and this is one very special woman. Someday I'll have to tell you more about her playful side.
As a teacher, Meredith's wardrobe is full of J Crew and Lands End, tasteful, modest and preppy. So when we go out for an evening I make no secret of the fact that I'm looking for something else. I like to see her dress provocatively. Now I know that when we go out and she is dressed in one of her stunning and somewhat revealing outfits that she draws long looks from other guys. And that's OK with me. She too enjoys drawing their stares and so our casino trips are her opportunity to show off her shortest skirts, sheerest blouses and highest heels. But I'm getting off track. The night I want to tell you about didn't involve any clothing at all.
When we checked in for our free room on this particular Wednesday evening we must have been last on the list of high rollers because we got a room that the casino couldn't otherwise rent out. We boarded the elevator for the South Tower. I playfully grabbed at her ass in the car since we were alone, except for the security camera. The room was on the fourth floor at the far end of a long hallway. When I opened the door I saw that the room did not have a window to the outside air. It did have a full wall of tinted windows but they faced into an atrium adjacent to the casino floor. Across the atrium from us I could see several stories of windows in what looked to be meeting rooms. Some of the meeting rooms were occupied with groups of businessmen who were looking at presentations on easels or having discussions. Oh well, we figured, at least the room was free.
Meredith started to draw the drapes and commented that she wondered if the guys across the way could see in to our room. The closed drapes made the room seem dark and less than inviting. And then, that little devil who is always sitting on my left shoulder urging me to do evil things whispered into my ear. "Oh no.", I said, "They can't see in here. These rooms have those mirrored windows. See how they are tinted. They only let you see out. You can leave the drapes open. My gullible little honey believed me and pulled the drapes open. I walked over to where she stood and wrapped her in a tender hug. As we kissed I began to help her out of her clothes. She removed her blouse and I saw that she was wearing her sexist little black half bra that was no more than a small shelf under those magnificent tits. She has smooth sepia skin and small very dark areolas. Her nipples were perked up. Her string of pearls seemed to glow when contrasted to the sepia tone of her lovely breasts. I felt a little stirring in my jockey shorts. When she stepped out of her skirt I was greeted with a magnificent view of her delicious ass clothed in black thong panties. Her thighs were caressed by thigh high stockings with a six inch border of delicate elastic lace for the stay-ups. As she stood there by the window I moved behind her and cupped her breasts and nuzzled the nape of her neck. I gently tickled her nipples until they became very erect. The more the swollen nipples protruded from the soft globes of her breasts the smaller the areolas became. I longed to taste them.
In an instant we were groping like teenagers and I led her to the bed. My half naked lover had removed her glasses earlier and being near-sighted she couldn't see clearly beyond the limits of our room. So she couldn't see that a couple of guys across the way had stopped their discussion and were looking over at her. She sat on the edge of the bed and pulled me to her. She undid my belt and dropped my trousers as I pulled off my shirt. When she grabbed my shaft and gave it a couple of strokes it sprung fully to life and she began to lick me, slowly at first and then with greater energy all the while she was cupping my balls and giving them a playful squeeze. Soon her head was bobbing and my shaft was getting a full wet sloppy sucking from base to tip. I guess some women just inherit a knack for giving head. Noisily, hungrily she sucked my shaft into her mouth. I felt a small reflex as my throbbing rod hit the back of her throat. When she pulled back her full red lips slid over the glans at the head of my circumcised penis causing an intense shiver in my thighs. Her tongue worked on me passionately. I stole a glance out the window and we now had a sizeable audience across the way.
I reached around and unhooked her bra and gently laid her back onto the bed and removed her panties. Her trimmed landing strip of dark pubic hair guided me in while I returned the favor and dove greedily into her sweet wet pussy for some of her love nectar. She was writhing in pleasure with her hands on the back of my head and thrusting her hips in unison with my ministrations to her swollen clit. It only took a few minutes of licking and sucking on her sweet mound before she begged me to stop because she couldn't take any more. I rolled over onto my back with my dick pointing upward and she straddled me and lowered herself onto my throbbing rod. I had shifted around on the bed so that when she climbed on top of me she was facing the windows.
I placed my hands on her hips and guided her as she rode up and down my shaft, slowly at first and then with increasing urgency. She was pulling at her taut nipples. Her head was thrown back and she was moaning in delight. Her juices were running down her inner thighs and onto my groin. We were soaked and sweating. After a few minutes I knew I couldn't go on like this much longer so I rolled my little sex toy off of me and had her get up on her hands and knees on the bed while I moved in behind her. This is her favorite position.
She rolled her hips and presented her swollen slit to me. Her engorged pussy lips were dripping with her wetness. There is nothing in this world more erotic than the look of her swollen vagina. She had spread her legs invitingly and there beneath the crease of her beautiful round ass were those warm wet lips beckoning to me. Before slipping back into her steaming pussy I first leaned down and gave those succulent lips some more attention with my tongue. The sweet scent of her moist box pervaded my senses. That perfume excited me even more than the sight of her. Then I moved up to her little brown anus and ringed around it with my tongue while she moaned in delight. I gave the nexus of the sphincter a quick probe with the tip of my tongue and smiled to myself at her reaction as she pushed back against my tongue until I achieved a slight penetration. The shudder in her loins told me she was having as much fun as I was.
I knew she was aching for more so I plunged in to her heavenly muff from behind and began to drive my cock home. By now she was screaming for me to do it and I pumped as hard and as fast as I could. Then I withdrew all but the tip of my dick and paused for a moment while the separation of our bodies allowed the cool room air to dissipate the heat of our friction. God she was tight.
I wish I was one of those guys who can go for hours but I'm just not a porn star. With one hand on each cheek of that spectacular ass I drove my turgid shaft home again. I spread my hand and used my right thumb to massage her anus while I pounded into the final strokes. It didn't take me much longer and I delivered a hot load of cum as the inner muscles of her pussy pulsated in a series of rhythmic contractions that signaled the most intense part of her orgasm.
Completely spent, we both rolled onto our sides exhausted and panting and held each other close. I stole another look across the way and saw our audience laughing, pointing and some of those guys were clapping each other on the back.
After a few moments my honey went in and started the shower. I stood and went to the window. Our audience scattered like roaches when the lights come on when I looked over in their direction.
We showered, dressed and went down for a quiet dinner and a trip to the roulette tables. Later that evening as we walked around the casino floor arm in arm I steered us past the area where our room faced out into the vaulted ceiling of the atrium. I had left the lights on in the room and the curtains were still open. With a little gasp I looked up and pointed to the window. "Look honey, I think that's our room. I must have been wrong about the mirrored windows." I said with feigned shock. "You can see right in to the room."
Meredith looked up at me and grinned. "You knew you were lying," she said, "And I knew exactly what you were up to. We gave those guys quite a show didn't we?"
No wonder I love this woman. I'm about as lucky as any guy could ever be.