She had to know that her black panties were visible under her knee-length white skirt, especially as she stood on the sidelines of the soccer field with the bright morning sun behind her. At one point she turned and saw me staring at her ass, giving me what looked like a slight smile. I'm sure she must have seen a few other guys checking her out now and then too.
While my wife doesn't cheat on me, she does like men to find her attractive. On some level she knows it makes me want her more, but she won't admit it. On my end I usually don't acknowledge her flirting, seeing it as relatively harmless. Through trial and error, it's become our kind of secret agreement. One time after she had a work colleague over and had left an extra button undone on her blouse, which let him see some real cleavage as they worked at her computer, I tried calling her out on it. She got really defensive, labeling me as a jealous and insecure husband. Since then, for the most part I just let her get as sexy as she wants.
Though the sight of a couple soccer fathers staring at her ass as she watched the game from the sidelines turned me on, today it also upset me a little bit. I guess that makes me a hypocrite, since as the proud husband of the hottest wife and mother in this suburban town I'm usually willing to show her off. She just looked so confident, almost unattainable, even to me. A lot of women this morning dressed super casually, at best wearing their workout clothes. Nicolette however had that frilly white skirt on with brown corked heeled sandals. She also wore this muted pink lipstick, and her Chanel oval sunglasses. When she'd turn around again to look my way, where I sat on a folding chair next to a couple of other dads stealing looks at her, she looked more irresistible than ever. Sure, I'd spent the last 20 years having sex with her and seeing her in all kinds of outfits, but I still stopped watching my own daughter playing right wing just to stare at her perfect ass in that black underwear.
If things had ended here, I'd have gone home insanely obsessed, ravishing her in bed that evening. Today though, she started to take things further. A lot further. It almost seemed disrespectful to me. Two college-aged guys the league used as refs for an earlier game had noticed her black panties through her skirt. I couldn't hear them, but I could see them in the distance, joking around as they pointed to her. They were definitely daring each other to go talk with her. Then, they decided to walk up together. I saw her pointing out our daughter on the field to them, so I guess they made small talk about how she was playing. Soon, though, they got her laughing and flirting a lot more. She'd touch their arms when she talked with them. She also put one arm on the shoulder of the tall guy to balance as she lifted a leg up to fix the buckle on her sandal, revealing the black panties under her skirt.
As they stayed on both sides of her, they'd casually take a step behind her now and then, obviously to see her ass close up. I'd have left that alone too, but a friend of mine, Chris, who sat to my right, pointed out her flirting to mess with me.
"Hey Robert, check it out. It looks like Nicolette found a couple of new young friends. You worried? Those guys look like D-1 Lacrosse players. Well, you can't blame them for trying. Your wife is hot."
I joked it away, saying something like it was her way to motivate me to hit the gym a few more times this week. Inside, though, I was seething. The two guys must have really encouraged her quite a bit, since when the game was over and she said goodbye to them she came over to me and the guys in the greatest mood. "Are you guys coming to our post-game party?" she asked the group. They all said yes. Before our daughters made their way to us, she told me we'd have to hurry home to get things ready. She bent over to get the cover for my folding chair, letting Chris and the other guys get a ridiculously close view of her ass. It's like they basically were seeing her in her panties.
I knew she'd refuse to acknowledge how far she'd intentionally taken her flirting, but I had to bring it up in the car. Thankfully our daughter was getting a ride home after the postgame meeting with the coach, so we had privacy.
"What's wrong?" she asked. "Are you upset about the game? I thought Carly played well."
"You know why I'm upset," I replied, too angry to even look over at her for a second as I drove. "I'm all for you wanting to look attractive, and believe me, you do. But flirting like that is just too much. We're friends with these people...and their kids. You took it too far."
"Oh my God, so you're jealous? I was just laughing a little with those young guys. They could almost be my kids. It was so innocent!"
"It was you showing off your ass...to everyone." As angry as I was, soon as I replayed what she'd done, I felt a rush of desire through my body.
"Showing off my ass? I had a skirt on!"
"For Christ sakes, Nicolette, it's totally see-through."
"See through? Like you could see my underwear??? Why didn't you say anything?"
"Come on. You had to know. Black panties in that thin white skirt. You were a little cock tease out there."
"Cock tease? It was my only clean underwear, and I thought this skirt was thick enough to cover it. I mean, feel the material."
She lifted the hem of her skirt up to me, exposing more of her long, pale thigh. Of course I wanted to reach all the way up her skirt, to the black panties I'd seen under there the whole morning. I was still too mad, though, so I didn't look.
"Wow. So you'rethatjealous. Did you know it's even in fashion to show your underwear under skirts like this? I didn't mean to, but if I did, you'dstillbe overreacting."
With nothing to say, I just kept driving. She sensed that she was in real trouble, but stayed defiant. Then, as I turned down our street, she actually said what I most wanted to hear. "So I'm in trouble now? What are you going to do, spank me? We have the whole team coming for the party. I don't think you can do that. Sorry."
I'd only recently started to playfully spank her during sex, and she awkwardly never even commented upon my entertaining my fetish with her, just letting me do what I wanted. I knew she liked it, but she wouldn't admit it. For her to actually bring it up was a big deal, like she was actuallyaskingfor spankings, daring me to give them to her. I suddenly got so excited it was hard to focus on steering the car into the garage.
As she got out of the car and reached to open the door to the house, I held it shut. "Listen," I told her, pressing myself up to her ass. "You can go set up the party, and I'll even help you. But once things are settled, when I tell you to go up to our bedroom, I want you up there leaning over our bed with your skirt pulled all the way up."
"What if I say no?" she asked, turning around a little defiantly, but also seemingly turned on by her own dare.
"Then instead of starting with my hand, I'll start with my belt."
I took her submissive silence as permission, letting her open the door. After we got inside and our guests arrived, I was in a great mood. Just knowing I'd soon deliver on my promise made watching her ass in those black panties as she put out all the food everyone brought really enjoyable. When my friend Chris and another soccer dad I didn't know so well since he rarely came to games or practices started flirting with her a little bit, I actually got even more excited. Yes, they both kept checking her ass out, but now I was okay with it.
Soon the party was in full swing, and as she came from the kitchen with ice for the punch, I grabbed her arm to stop her. "Upstairs, now. Wait for me," I whispered, really aggressively. She dumped the ice in the punch bowl, and as one of her friends tried to engage her in conversation, she quickly excused herself and headed upstairs.
Just seeing her waiting for me with her skirt raised to expose her ass in those panties almost made me come. I wanted to get right to it, but I forced myself to slow down, making her wait in anticipation. I knew at this point she was too shy to say anything, so I did the talking. "Up till now I've been giving you little taps as foreplay. But today, for flirting like you did and showing your ass to all the men, you're getting real spankings. Bad girl spankings. Lift your ass up in the air for me."
"Can...can we close the door? What if someone comes up?" I understood why she'd be concerned. I'd partially closed it, but hadn't fully shut it. There was a chance of someone walking by.
I loved that she was nervous, afraid of being shamed in public. "So? They'll see your hot ass exposed. You like exposing your ass, don't you bad girl?"
I started with my hand, alternating cheeks, some harder than others. Just as her ass started to turn pink in some places, and redder in others, I took a break for a few seconds. From downstairs I could hear a guy asking my friend Chris if there was another bathroom upstairs. "Sure," he said, really loudly over the music, "right passed the bedroom on your right." We heard the stairs on our old house creaking. "Robert! Someone's coming up.Pleaseclose the door, she whispered."
"Relax. It's just some guy from the game. He's already seen your ass, remember?"
I started spanking her again, not even caring if whoever it was could hear her, or see her. She squirmed a little under my spanks, but then surrendered further to her punishment. Then, after a little while, I happened to see this guy's reflection for a split second in the mirror near her side of the bed. It was that other soccer dad, who had just been flirting with her. She didn't know for sure if she was being watched, but I know she must have suspected. When I ordered her to pull her panties down, at first she refused.
"Pull your panties down to your knees!" I said, swatting her bottom as hard as I could. She did what she was told. "This is what they all want to see, the men that are into you. And you want to show them your hot married ass, don't you bad girl?"
I held off for a while, knowing that just exposing her was the best shaming punishment I could give her, especially with this guy watching. She'd also never had the belt before, so that expectation added a lot of fear and excitement for both of us. I was so turned on at this point that after just a few spanks with the belt, I had to be inside her. First, though, I made her expose herself a little more, both to me, as well as to her secret voyeur.
"Open your legs wider," I ordered. She did what she was told. "Play with yourself for me," I further commanded. Like the bad girl spankings, I'd never asked her to do something like before. I honestly wasn't sure if she would, but I guess she'd become so submissive from her punishment, she'd do anything I told her at this point. As she put her hand between her legs and started to move it around, I subtly peeked in the mirror again, seeing that guy playing with himself too.
I felt how wet she was for a few seconds, from my spankings as well as her own touching. Then I took my pants off and put myself inside her. She instantly came on my cock and her own fingers, which she kept on herself like I'd ordered. Once I came inside her, I heard the voyeur's belt jangling as he pulled his pants back up. Then I heard him walk into the bathroom (most likely to clean himself up). I pulled my pants on too, watching her get dressed without saying anything or even making eye contact with me. It's like she was too self-conscious, and too ashamed. We left the room, and I led her by the hand back to the party.
I was really impressed by how relaxed she seemed back among our friends, playing the role of a gracious hostess with girls on the soccer team and their parents. Now and then, though, she'd glance at me with a timid look, as if she couldn't believe what I'd just done to her. Then she'd quickly return back to her normal party mode.
Near the end of the party, as the liquor the adults had been drinking really kicked in, a group of parents had gathered in the living room to watch video of today's game on our large TV. My wife seemed a little idle as she walked in the room, looking for something to do.
"Hi Nicolette, there's a seat for you right here," said Chris's friend, the same guy who had watched her get spanked, and fucked, just an hour earlier.
"Oh, thanks, but I'm fine here," she replied, as politely as she could.
"I understand," he said, looking at her up and down, in a really sexy way. "I bet after all you've been through today, you'd rather not sit down." He gave a knowing look to Chris, and I could tell that he'd filled my friend in on all he saw. As both of these men stared at my wife, I saw her start to blush, her beautiful pale face turning the same color as her ass.
While I'd count the spankings I'd given her upstairs as one of the hottest moments of our sex life, her shameful reaction to the comment of the guy who had just saw her get spanked and fucked might qualify as a close second. I watched her nervously collect empty cups and plates around the room as Chris and his friend stared at her ass that I just spanked. She had a lot in her hands, and as she turned to leave, she dropped quite a few cups. When bending down to pick them up, Chris casually said to his friend, "Wow Greg, our girls gave that other team quite a spanking today." Of course they pretended to be watching video of the game, even as they obviously stared at my wife's ass. "Well, they deserved that spanking," said Greg. "They didn't play nice." Nicolette had all the cups and plates back in her hand, and started to head for the kitchen. "It's good to see bad girls get the punishment they deserve," I replied, just as she walked by me. The guys nodded their heads in approval while checking out her ass one more time as she walked out of the room.