Daddy and I have been dating for 4 years since we met online. I'm 32 and he's 42. We love exploring our kinky sides together, especially our Daddy Dom/Babygirl play and tonight is no exception. Tonight is Daddy's poker night.
He has laid out a short yellow sundress and a brand new white thong for me to wear this evening so that I look very pretty for our guests. One of Daddy's rules is that I am never ever allowed to wear a bra, so I am not surprised that there isn't one laid out. I change out of my t-shirt and jeans and slip the sundress over my head. Next, I slide the brand new white thong up over my hips and settle it into place. It makes me squirm a little in discomfort, but the discomfort turns me on. It's a reminder that I am not in control, Daddy is. Plus, the thong makes me feel really sexy.
I am looking myself over in the mirror when all of a sudden the doorbell rings. I rush downstairs to answer it. Daddy's three work buddies, Randy, Ryan, and Timothy enter the room. They are all the same age as Daddy.
"Hi!" I say cheerfully.
"Babygirl, you better greet our guests properly!" Daddy reminds me from the living room where he's sitting on the couch reading a book. Daddy likes me to give each guest a big French kiss to welcome him into our home.
I walk up to Randy, put my arms around his neck, and lean in for a kiss. As we are kissing, Randy squeezes my butt cheeks with both hands. "Hi, Babygirl. What a nice tight ass you have! Your Daddy is quite a lucky man to get this body all to himself!" He lands a smack on my right cheek as I go to greet Ryan.
Ryan sticks his tongue in my mouth and rolls his thumbs over my nipples until they are hard and visible through my dress. "Mm, Babygirl, I never get sick of taking a handful of these big boobies. What size are they again?"
"34 DD, Sir." I answer.
I move on to Timothy. As Timothy presses his lips to mine, he lifts my skirt and tries to slip a hand down the front of my panties. At this point, Daddy walks into the room and tells Timothy he's not allowed to touch me under my clothes - yet!
"Now that everyone has been welcomed in, why don't you go get us some beers, Babygirl?" Daddy says.
"Yes, Sir. I'll be right back." I quickly go to the kitchen, grab a tray, and place 4 beers from the fridge on it. I'm not allowed to drink alcohol, unless Daddy offers me a sip of his. I carefully balance the beers and bring them into the dining room where the first round of poker is just starting.
"Does anyone need anything else?" Daddy asks his guests. They all shake their heads no.
Daddy asks me to sit down beside him for good luck. I obey. Daddy starts to rub my thigh as he plays cards. I don't know how he can concentrate while he teases me like that. He gradually inches the skirt of my dress up until my white thong is on display for everyone. He keeps gently rubbing the insides of my thighs, inching closer and closer to my wetness. Everyone is noticing.
"Babygirl, why are you squirming?" Ryan asks from across the table.
"Oh, I'm sorry if I'm distracting you, Sir. I will try to sit still," I reply.
"Yes, please do. It is very distracting," Ryan answers me. I just look down in embarrassment and my cheeks flush red.
Daddy stops touching my thighs and wraps his arm around my shoulder, gently massaging. It feels really good, but I am careful to sit still and silent.
Daddy offers me a sip of his beer. "Good girl, take a few sips." Daddy knows it doesn't take much alcohol to make me tipsy, but he also knows a few sips relax me.
I lean back into the chair, into him He slides one strap of the dress off my arm, and his hand moves down under the fabric. My nipples are still hard from the greeting Ryan gave me and Daddy's fingers just make them harder as they brush against my right nipple. Daddy's massage of my booby feels really wonderful. I'm sure I'm soaking my white thong. The guys are still playing cards, making small talk, but each one keeps stealing glances over at my beautiful body which Daddy is teasing so blatantly in front of them.
Next, I feel Daddy slide the other strap off my other shoulder. He pushes the fabric down so both of my breasts are fully exposed. He gives me a few more sips of his beer and then he stops touching me for a few minutes, letting my body sit there, exposed. Randy, Ryan and Timothy aren't even trying to be subtle about glancing at me anymore and are now fully staring at my displayed titties.
The doorbell rings. Timothy says, "That must be the pizza."
Daddy hands me two twenties and says, "Babygirl, please go get the pizzas."
"Yes, Sir!" I start to pull the straps of my dress back up, but Daddy stops me.
"No, no. I didn't give you permission to pull your dress back up. When you answer the door, show off your beautiful titties to the pizza man. Tell him he may kiss them if he wants, one kiss for each nipple." My face flushes red, but I don't want to disappoint Daddy.
"Yes, Sir." I head toward the door. When I open it, the delivery guy absentmindedly says the total as he hands me the pizzas. When he focuses and realizes what he is seeing, he says, "Whoa. Nice rack, lady."
I blush again. "Thank you, Sir. My Daddy says it's okay for you to kiss each of my nipples one time, if you'd like. You don't have to though."
"I would really like that, sweetheart." He bends down and takes my left nipple in his mouth for a quick kiss, then moves over to the right nipple. He sucks this one for a second and flicks his tongue over it before letting go. I moan in pleasure at the sensation.
"Wow, you have tasty titties. I'd really like to taste more of you sometime." I hand him the money. "I'll definitely make sure I deliver your pizzas every time you order, sweetheart." With that, he walks back to his delivery car and I shut the door.
"So, how did it go? Did he lick your boobs?" Randy asks me as I set the pizzas on the table.
"Yes, he kissed my left nipple quickly and flicked his tongue over my right nipple. It was very exciting to have a stranger touch me like that. I am gushing wet in my panties right now," I answer honestly. Daddy enjoys it when I go into thorough details about what his requests do to me sexually, especially in front of his friends.
Randy touches my panties and then slides a finger into me to confirm, "Yup, you have a very wet cunt right now, Little Girl!"
"You are a very good girl. I am proud of you for obeying me so well," Daddy beams at me. He really is proud of me when I follow his instructions well. "Please go get us some plates from the kitchen for our pizza. Don't forget to bring me a knife and fork."
I bring everything to the table. When Daddy finishes his slice, he cuts up a slice for me and feeds me one forkful at a time. "Good girl. Now, go clean up." He pats my bum when I stand. The plates are piled in the center of the table so I have to lean over pretty far to get them. My bare boobies brush against the table as I reach for the plates.
I wash the dishes and when I come back, the game has resumed. I sit down next to Daddy, with my breasts still hanging out for all the world to see. After a few more hands, Daddy announces that poker is finished for the evening and it is time to move to the living room. He has me pour everyone a liquor drink of their choice from his bar cart. Then he tells me to come sit on his lap. I do as I am told.
Daddy says, "Well, Babygirl, it's time for your bedtime spanking. You have been a very good girl tonight, and I am pleased. Tonight you did not earn a punishment, so we'll stick to just the hand, wooden spoon, and belt. You won't get the paddle. Please go to each of our guests, sit on his lap, and ask him to watch your Daddy turn your pretty bottom bright red for your bedtime spanking."
"Yes, Sir. Master Randy, may I please sit on your lap and ask you a question?"
"Yes, of course, Sweetie. Come here." As I sit on Randy's lap, he asks Daddy if it's okay to play with my exposed nipples, since they are out. Daddy nods so Randy's fingers rub my sensitive nipples over and over. Then he pinches them. "Hmmm. These feel really hard, Little Girl. I think someone is very turned on."
"Oh, yes, Sir. I am! Would you please watch Daddy give me my bedtime spanking? He's going to turn my little bottom bright red," I ask Randy.
"Yes, Babygirl, I would be delighted to watch him turn that tight little bottom of yours bright red." Randy smiles at me and pats my butt as I hop off his lap.
"Master Ryan, may I please sit on your lap and ask you a question?" I ask as sweetly as I can.
"Yes, Babygirl. And I have to say, I'm very jealous of the pizza man. I want to kiss those boobs as you ask me your question." Daddy nods consent to Ryan, who goes to town swirling his tongue on my boobies. It makes it tough to concentrate on asking my question.
"Sir, mmm, would you please, errrrmmm, please watch Daddy give me oohhhh my bedtime spanking and turn my bbbbbottom bbbbrrrright rrrrred?" I am half-moaning, half-speaking.
Ryan stops to answer, "Yes, Babygirl. Thanks for asking so sweetly." With that, he gives me a big kiss on the lips and then I get up.
"Master Timothy, may I please sit on your lap and ask you a question?" I ask Timothy.
"Only if you take that thong off first, Babygirl. You know the rules. No panties allowed when sitting on my lap." Daddy nods, so I slowly lower my thong all the way down my legs and step out of it before sitting in his lap. He slides his hand under my dress and easily slips a finger in and out of my soaking pussy.
I try to ask my question, "Sir, would you pppppllleasssse mmm oh oh OH!" I can't help but cum as he rubs my clit and fingers me. I have been very excited by all the teasing all night and I am on the edge by the time I sit in Timothy's lap. I know I am in trouble now though. "Uh oh!" I whimper.
"She just gushed all over my hand," Timothy confirms what everyone already suspected.
Daddy roars, "Babygirl, did you just cum without permission?!" He is angry now because I just broke our number one rule.
"Yes, Sir," I whisper. I am near tears.
"That was very naughty of you. Now you are going to get the paddle too. Your spanking just became a punishment. Go get the wooden spoon out of the kitchen and the paddle out of the bedroom. Then, over my lap."
"Yes, Sir." I scamper away, flushed from the orgasm and a little terrified of my freshly earned punishment. I grab everything as fast as I can and bring it to Daddy and lay over his lap. He lifts my dress up, exposing my bare bottom to the three onlookers.
"Get a good look at how white this bottom is, gentlemen. It won't stay that way very long!" He starts reigning smacks down on my bum, alternating cheeks, sometimes getting me square across both at once. My body starts to relax over his knees as the pain gives way to pleasure. Mmm. I love a hand-spanking.
"Look how pink her butt is getting," says Randy, practically salivating over the image in front of him.
Next comes the spoon. "Oooh. Ouch. Ow. Daddy. Owwww." The spoon stings a lot worse than a hand spanking.
"Give it to her good. She earned it," Timothy says. Daddy makes sure to get my sit spots. That's the worst.
Then, Daddy tells me to stand up. I do my best to get up quickly, but I am feeling a little spacey by now. He takes off his belt. Uh oh. Then, he leans me over with my hands on the seat of a chair so he can give me a good belt spanking. "Oooooowwwww. Ouch. Stop. Please. I'll be good, Daddy, I promise. Ouch! Ow!"
"Listen to her whine and beg!" says Ryan, "and she's starting to get really red. I bet those cherry cheeks are sore by now."
Finally, Daddy spanks me with the paddle. 20 and I have to count out each one and ask for the next. "One, Sir. Please spank me again. Oooooff! Two, Sir. Please spank me again." This is the hardest part, especially after all the other spanks. It's hard to keep track of the numbers, but I dare not lose count and have to start over. "Twenty, Sir. Thank you so much for the very hard spanking you've given me to teach me my lesson. I need to obey all your rules, and I am never to cum without your permission."
Daddy hugs me tight, tells me I am forgiven, and that I am a good girl who sometimes does naughty things. "Take off your dress now and go upstairs with Randy. He's going to give you a bath."
He tells Randy, "Put her hair up. I'll wash it tomorrow." I take off my dress and give it to Daddy.
Randy takes my hand and leads me upstairs to the bathroom. While the tub fills with hot water, he puts my hair up in a bun and lightly rubs my sore bottom for a few minutes before telling me to get in.
He takes his time soaping up my body. "We need to make sure you are very clean for bed. Lift up your arms." I do, and he soaps up my boobies. "Let's make sure we spend some time on these titties. You did have a lot of people touching and sucking on them tonight." He rubs soap over my nipples until I moan.
"Next is your tight little cunt." His soapy fingers move over my pussy lips until he is sure they are clean. He runs his fingers through my bush over and over again and then rubs my clit while slipping two fingers in and out of my pussy.
"Mmmmm. That feels so good, Sir. Please don't stop," I beg. But he did stop.
He says, "Cumming without permission already got you in big trouble once tonight. We're not going to do that again already, are we?"
I pout and respond, "No, Sir."
"That's right. That's a good girl who has learned her lesson. Now, lay on your tummy. I need to scrub your bottom clean. It's going to hurt."
"Yes, Sir." I carefully flip myself over so I am laying on my tummy in the water. He very slowly soaps every inch of my sore bottom with his palms. It feels good but still stings some. Then he gets a wash cloth and really scrubs. It hurts. I am in tears as I cry, "Owwww."
"I know, Little One, but we need to exfoliate." He slips the wash cloth in my butt crack back and forth a few times to get me clean. Then, he presses his soapy fingertip to my asshole, until it gives way just a little. He tells me, "This is the last part of you to make sure is squeaky clean." He fingers my butthole for a few minutes.
"Stand up." He pats me dry with a soft towel as the water drains. "Get on your knees now and thank me for bathing you, Babygirl," he orders. He lowers his pants and puts his cock in my mouth. It is rock hard from a long evening of teasing. "Ooooh yes, your mouth is wonderful, Babygirl. Keep going. That's it." Soon, he is cumming down my throat.
He leads me to my bed and cuddles me close, kissing my lips and gently fingering me. It is so relaxing.
After a few minutes, Ryan comes up and says, "Babygirl, your Daddy asked me to rub some lotion on that spanked bottom of yours." Randy sits up to watch as Ryan squirts a big glob of lotion on my butt and starts to massage it in. It feels incredible.
"Mmmmm," I purr. He takes his time massaging my butt cheeks and eventually I feel a finger poke my butthole.
"It's important to massage everything," He pumps his finger in and out of my ass.
My asshole is still a virgin and Daddy and I plan for him to take me there eventually, but it's a process. So everyone is just helping us get there. I suspect they also think eventually they will get their turns to cum in my ass if they are patient and helpful.
Next, Timothy comes up and says, "Your Daddy asked me to put your butt plug in, Babygirl." He gets the butt plug and the lube from my nightstand and his finger soon replaces Ryan's. He tries to put a second one in. It isn't easy, but eventually he works it in too. At the same time, he brings the clean plug to my mouth. "Suck on this, Babygirl. Make it nice and slobbery so it will go in easily."
Timothy keeps a steady rhythm of two fingers plunging in and out of my asshole. Then, Ryan takes the plug out of my mouth and hands it to Timothy who presses it against my hole until it pops into place.
He tells me, "Your Daddy said you have to keep this in until he takes it out. You'll probably be sleeping with it in tonight. Now, thank me for helping plug your asshole." He smacks my sore bottom for emphasis. I put his dick in my mouth and start sucking him and fingering his balls. He is also very turned on and cums quickly. Daddy walks in on the scene while I am swallowing Timothy's cum.
"That's my good girl! It looks like you are all ready for me to tuck you in."
Ryan says, "I didn't get my thank you yet."
Daddy looks at me and says, "Is this true, Babygirl?"
"Yes, Daddy. I didn't get a chance to thank him yet. I thanked Master Randy for my bath and Master Timothy for putting in my butt plug."
"Well, then I think Ryan should fuck you doggy style so you feel it on your sore ass and you feel the plug as you move around. Go ahead, Ryan. Tonight this pussy is all yours. Up, Babygirl. Into position." I stick my spanked, plugged bottom in the air and lock eyes with Daddy.
Ryan doesn't waste any time stuffing his big, hard cock into my slippery pussy. I am so turned on from all the fingerfucking of my butthole and from Randy playing with me in the bathtub. Ryan feels so good, even though I also get a little shock of pain when my ass hits his pelvis and his penis goes all the way inside me.
Ryan smacks my ass, making me cry out, "Ow. Ouch," in between moans of pleasure. "Oh yes, please don't stop ohhhhh. Daddy, may I please cum?"
"Yes, Babygirl, and thank you for asking this time. I'm glad to see you've learned your lesson." Daddy's eyes stay locked on me the whole time Ryan fucks me from behind. My body cannot take any more. The mix of pleasure and pain and excitement push me over the edge and I come very hard. I collapse on the bed as Ryan pulls out of me, cumming all over my ass.
"What a fucking sexy Babygirl you have. God, you are so lucky," he says to Daddy when he finally catches his breath.
Daddy thanks him and tells me, "Lay on your stomach and let Ryan's cum dry. Then I'll tuck you in for bed. You can sleep with his cum all over your ass tonight. In the morning, I'll decide if I'm going to clean you up or let you sit all day like that. Okay, everyone, kiss Babygirl good night and let her get some sleep. She's had a very busy evening and I'm sure she's exhausted." Each of them kisses me deeply and tells me to have sweet dreams and sleep well.
Then Daddy closes the door and sits with me for a few minutes. "I'm very proud of you. Did you have a good time tonight?"
"Yes, Sir. I had a lot of fun with our guests. They know how to make me feel very sexy and have a good time. They have good touches that make me very excited and wet and they each took very good care of me with my bath, my lotion, and my butt plug"
"Good. I want to make sure your needs are met and you are okay." Daddy looks me in the eyes.
"Oh, yes, very much, Sir. Thank you for taking such good care of me." I smile at him.
"You're welcome. Tomorrow we'll have lots of cuddle time and I'll make love to you in that sweet, gentle way you like so much. I'll lick your pussy and put my dick inside of you until you cum. "
"I'll look forward to that very much, Daddy," I say, sleepily.
"Okay, good. Sweet dreams, Little One. I'm going to finish having a fun night with my friends. Go to sleep." He gives me a long, sweet kiss on the lips. Then, he kisses my forehead. "Good night, Baby."
"Good night, Daddy."