Tears streaked Katie's face as she stood holding the little book in the middle of her small, college dorm room. It was the cloth-covered diary of her teenage years, adorned with a rainbow and unicorn. The trifles she adored in adolescence now cruelly mocked her.
She came across it while packing her things in a cardboard box. She couldn't resist opening the little book and reading the hopeful entries from her high school days.
Dear diary,
Can't wait for next week. I'm all packed and ready to start college. I talked mom and dad into spending a little more so I could get a single dorm room. So perfect! Can't wait to get my first girlfriend! She can stay overnight with me all the time and we can walk around campus holding hands and be together always. Oh, Katie, you're so lucky!
She felt sorry for that bright-eyed girl, knowing now what disappointments awaited.
Throughout high school, Katie indulged delicious fantasies about girls. In fact, girl-girl fantasies crowded out thoughts of boys, extracurricular activities, even school. Girls were all Katie thought about.
She wasn't upset to discover this forbidden attraction. Hers was a sunny disposition not prone to self-examination. In absence of doubt, her fantasies wrapped her like a warm blanket.
Her diary held many entries devoted to her imaginary lover. She must have big tits, she wrote. Katie loved big tits. Would her lover be taller than her? Katie's shortness was always a bother.
But the face of Katie's fantasy lover was unfamiliar among the halls and classrooms of her small-town high school. Being with another girl from school was unthinkable, and she didn't dare flirt with a female classmate.
She may not have been hung up about her sexuality, but she knew others in her tight-knit town would judge.
None of her friends found it odd Katie never had a boyfriend. She was well-liked, but painfully shy and insecure -- especially about her body.
She was a petite and pretty girl, just five feet tall with small breasts, long dark hair, dark brown eyes and a beautiful smile. The delicate features of prepubescence lingered on her face even as she blossomed. She lamented that she still looked like a little girl while her friends looked so grown.
As she finished high school and stood on the threshold of a new life far from home at a large state university in a big city, she had felt the greatest excitement of her life -- exhilaration anticipating loving how she longed to love.
But now, standing alone in her dorm room, clutching the little rainbow and unicorn diary, her future and happiness were slipping away.
It was not going to be okay.
She thought about the humiliating return home to tell her parents she flunked out her first semester. Worse, she would return to soul-crushing, small-town society, her desires and true self forever denied.
"No! No!" she thought, with her two clenched fists pressed against her forehead. "It can't end like this. How can this be happening?"
Then she remembered.
"Oh yeah, calculus."
The Distraction
Katie wasn't the brightest girl. She didn't particularly like school.
When she imagined college, she thought only about the freedom of dorm life away from home, all-night parties and -- of course -- lots of cute girls.
She once went to a high school party in a friend's basement. One of the boys there played a DVD called Crazed Cuties on Campus.
She got horny watching lots of hot girls getting drunk and stripping naked on camera. What impressed her most was how matter-of-factly they had sex with each other. They were so hot and slutty, she thought. She got so wet she was afraid she might form a visible spot through the crotch of her jeans.
She remembered one of the boys saying it was recorded at a distant state university with a reputation for partying and poor academics and all the girls were sluts.
Katie committed the name to memory -- Millvale University -- and decided right then and there thatthatwas the school she would attend.
She was so excited when her acceptance letter arrived that before she told her parents she ran upstairs, locked her bedroom door, got naked on the bed and, while still clutching the letter, started rubbing herself while fantasizing about joining those girls in the video.
She imagined what fun it would be stripping off her clothes and bending over to show off for the camera. She thought about big-breasted girls getting naked with her and kissing her.
She got even more excited when she indulged her favorite fantasy -- sucking and licking their pussies while the camera recorded it.
Katie may have been painfully shy, but her hottest fantasy was slutty exhibitionism.
Unfortunately for Katie, though, Sir Isaac Newton and Gottfried Leibniz invented calculus. Math alone would have been an insurmountable obstacle for young Katie. But there also would be a major distraction in class.
****
The first day calculus class met, Katie was nervous but excited. She shifted in her seat, watching her classmates enter.
She had a sure-fire strategy for meeting girls: She would suggest they form an all-girls study group, arguing no boys would equal less distraction. She was proud of herself for the idea.
But as students filed in, it seemed to Katie the class was heavily weighted with testosterone and none of the few girls appealed to her. Disappointment loomed when, finally, a girl entered who caught Katie's attention -- a dirty blonde with a lithe figure and pretty face. Tall, but not too tall. Katie's shortness once again proved an insecurity.
What really drew Katie's eye were her large tits. Despite the girl's waifish figure, she had surprisingly big boobs. Katie thought she looked a lot like those girls in the Crazed Cuties on Campus video.
She got excited when the girl started down her aisle and chose a seat near Katie, leaving one empty between them.
Katie was determined to ask her to join her study group.
The girl placed her bookbag on her lap and rummaged through it. Katie leaned toward her and summoned the courage to introduce herself, but the words stuck in her throat.
"Damn it, Katie!" she thought. "She's not that much taller than you, you can do this!"
Since puberty, Katie had cowered in the shadows of tall, large-breasted girls even as she found herself unbearably drawn to them. In high school, there was one in particular.
Taylor Winstrom was senior class president and captain of the cheerleading squad. At 17, she was already five-foot-ten with a beautifully-proportioned hourglass figure, big breasts, wavy blond hair well below her shoulders, and the bluest eyes Katie ever saw.
Katie envied the senior girls lucky enough to share the girls' shower with Taylor.
Taylor's precocious body had tortured Katie as she lay in bed at night. One memory of Taylor titillated Katie most.
Katie was at her hall locker between classes when the throng of students parted. Suddenly, there appeared Taylor in a short, red skirt and heels, the top of her white blouse unbuttoned. She cradled her textbooks in her arm against her breasts, augmenting her already generous cleavage.
And then, to Katie's mind, Taylor did something extraordinary. She tilted her head slightly and slung her hair to one side and ran her long fingers slowly through the golden strands, her red polished nails perfectly matching her shiny, red lipstick.
As Taylor confidently paraded down the middle of the hall, her tits bounced with every step.
Katie was entranced until Taylor's piercing blue eyes locked on little Katie, breaking the spell. Katie turned quickly toward her open locker, her cheeks in full blush.
Katie looked away whenever her and Taylor's eyes met.
But Katie peered over her locker door after Taylor, her eyes drinking in every last delicious drop of Taylor's long, toned cheerleader legs and wavy blond hair, swinging counter to the shake of her hips. The opened doors of the school entrance at the end of the corridor bathed her figure in a halo of light.
Katie was frustrated now that the girl, just two seats down -- so tantalizingly close -- was oblivious to her and might slip away.
At that moment, in walked The Distraction.
She was the most beautiful thing Katie ever saw. Her jaw dropped as this vision of pure sexuality washed over her like a tsunami.
She stood nearly six feet tall. Her platinum blond hair reached the small of her back and framed facial features so exquisite Katie couldn't have imagined them in her most fiery fantasy.
She had almond eyes larger than any pair of eyes Katie ever saw. They were ice-blue and adorned by the longest, darkest lashes imaginable. Her perfect, button nose perched above the sexiest pair of bee-stung lips. She had sculpted legs, gorgeous hips and an impossibly small waist.
And then Katie saw them.
Katie's eyes widened, and she silently mouthed the words as she thought them: "Oh, my god!"
She had the most beautiful pair of tits Katie ever saw. They were perfectly round and so big! Her button-like nipples protruded through her blouse.
Katie gulped and collected herself. Her eyes darted about the room to see everyone else's reaction to this extraordinary beauty.
Amazingly, no one else noticed. All were preoccupied with the course syllabus the teaching assistant handed out.
The Distraction began her seat selection as if contemplating whether any was worthy of her perfectly formed body.
Katie feared that if this woman came near her, she might faint. She was pleased when The Distraction settled upon a seat affording Katie the perfect vantage to admire discreetly.
The Distraction was obviously proud of her body. Her outfit was a bit immodest and questionable attire for the classroom.
She was decked out in soft pink. She wore a pink argyle mini skirt that was a little too short, a pink blouse with buttons straining to contain her ample bosom, and pink stiletto heels. Her toenails and fingernails were immaculately French manicured with bright white tips and pink nail polish perfectly matching her outfit.
Katie noticed that as The Distraction looked over the course syllabus, she didn't place it in her lap and hunch over it like everyone else. She held it up, as if admiring herself in a hand mirror.
Katie admired her jawline and high cheek bones. Her profile was as amazing as her portrait.
Soon the professor entered the hall and began roll call.
Katie listened for The Distraction's name, more attentive for that information than she would ever be for differential equations.
Katie was so absorbed she didn't hear her own name called. The professor paused a moment and repeated, "Katie Abrams?"
"Oh fuck, that's me!" she thought.
"Here!" she said a little too loudly.
The small gaff caused her tremendous embarrassment. Her eyes darted furtively about to see if anyone looked.
The professor continued.
"Veronica Adams?"
"Here!" The Distraction's voice rang out like the chime of a silver bell.
Katie repeated the name in her head: Veronica Adams.
She thought it the most beautiful name she ever heard.
****
Katie believed love at first sight was a romantic myth. Now she experienced it.
Every time class met, Katie loitered outside the door until Veronica was seated. Then Katie would sit where Veronica wouldn't notice her staring.
Katie paid no attention to the professor's lectures. In her empty notebook she scribbled Veronica's name surrounded by little pink hearts. In place of mathematical formulas, she drew big hearts with arrows through them, filling them with her and Veronica's names.
Katie was so lovesick she stopped attending other classes. She preferred to hole up in her dorm room masturbating to fantasies about Veronica. Her favorite was one about Veronica and Taylor Winstrom.
She imagined Taylor, the most popular girl in school, befriending newcomer Veronica and landing her a spot on the cheerleading squad.
One day, after practice, the women find themselves alone in the showers. They notice each other admiring their glistening, wet bodies and share a coquettish smile.
Stolen glances turn to lingering stares. As they gaze deeply into each other's eyes, smoldering passions melt inhibitions.
Soon their big tits are mashed together in a soapy embrace as they share deep French kisses. Their hands explore their soapy bodies as they rub nipples. Taylor's hands glide down the small of Veronica's back and caress her perfect ass as Veronica runs her fingers through her own long, wet hair.
Taylor moves a hand around to the front of Veronica's body and fingers her. Veronica moans softly as she parts her legs, signaling to Taylor she's ready to be thoroughly pleased.
Taylor sucks Veronica's nipples and unthinkingly works her mouth down Veronica's body, slowly and obediently dropping to her knees before her blond goddess.
Even the beautiful cheer squad captain is defenseless against Veronica's charms.
Taylor is confused when she finds herself kneeling on the floor of the steamy shower, unaware how she got there.
Then, for the first time, she gazes upon Veronica's perfectly formed labia. She's never seen a pussy this close, not even her own. She's never thought about another girl's pussy. She's certainly never thought about how it tastes.
Still, she thinks she's never seen anything so beautiful.
Kneeling at Veronica's feet, Taylor is slipping under her cheer recruit's powerful spell. Her heart pounds with the realization: She's falling in love with Veronica!
"How can this be?" she wonders.
How can she, Taylor Winstrom -- senior class president, cheerleader captain, homecoming queen -- be in love with another girl?
Taylor's juices drip on the tiled floor as she stares lovingly at Veronica's mound, fighting her desire to explore her wet crack with her tongue.
She mustn't!
Taylor is startled by Veronica's nails on the back of her head. Veronica's nails gently work through Taylor's wet hair and caress her scalp. Taylor relaxes and closes her eyes, enjoying her lover's touch. The sensation is so pleasant, Taylor momentarily forgets her dilemma.
Then she feels Veronica's fingers splayed against the back of her head and feels the gentle pressure of her lover's firm hand urging her face closer to Veronica's pelvis.
Suddenly it's clear to Taylor -- she won't be allowed to deny her lover pleasure. Veronica forces Taylor's reluctant head between her legs. Veronica's labia envelop Taylor's lips, but the cheerleader captain refuses her new role as submissive.
"No! No! No!" she softly pleads. Her little cries are stifled by Veronica's lips. Her eyes look plaintively up, but all she sees is the silhouette of Veronica's big tits and erect nipples.
"Oh, no!" she thinks to herself.
She again feels Veronica on the back of her head as she winds Taylor's long, wet hair around her hand in a firm grip. With Taylor's head immobilized, Veronica slowly grinds her crotch on the cheerleader's unyielding mouth. Taylor feels the softness of Veronica's pussy on her lips and struggles helplessly against Veronica's strong hold.
Veronica forcefully pulls Taylor's head back and places her face close to Taylor's, looking Taylor sternly in the eye.
"No, please!" Taylor begs. "Don't make me do this. I can't!"
"Shhhh!" Veronica's pursed lips whisper as she lays her index finger across Taylor's pretty little lips.
Veronica straightens and spreads her legs wider. Taylor's sad eyes stare at her dripping wet pussy. She softly whimpers when Veronica's grip tightens.
With a long sigh, Taylor surrenders.
Veronica feels the warm breath of Taylor's acquiescence between her legs and smiles in anticipation of the pleasure she's about to receive.
Taylor meekly opens her mouth and extends her tongue to receive her lover as Veronica guides her face between her legs with not the slightest resistance from Taylor.
Taylor again feels the warmth and softness enveloping her mouth. She acceptingly explores the folds of Veronica's flower with her tongue. She's surprised how good it tastes and feels.
Taylor grasps Veronica's thighs and works her mouth open and closed, enjoying the feeling on her lips and face with no shame. The new-found freedom to enjoy this sexual novelty exhilarates her.
She realizes this is the best feeling she's ever had. And it's with another woman.
Taylor's and Veronica's moans join in a duet of ecstasy.
Taylor places her mouth over Veronica's entire pussy and gently sucks and then tugs on her small labia with her lips. Then she releases and tenderly kisses Veronica's pussy. Taylor flits her tongue against Veronica's clit, driving Veronica crazy. Taylor is thrilled she's doing such a good job pleasing her lover. She sucks Veronica's clit hard, and Veronica responds by grinding her crotch into Taylor's face.
Now, with her hands pressing firmly on Veronica's ass, Taylor pushes her pelvis forcefully into her face, eager to explore deeper inside Veronica. Her tongue finds Veronica's hole and she shallowly inserts it into the cavity. Taylor feels a warm liquid spill onto her tongue and realizes she's tasting another woman's juices for the first time.
She's surprised how pleasant it tastes, licking it from her lips.
Taylor plunges her tongue again into Veronica's honey pot, desperate for more of the sweet elixir. Veronica's body responds, producing even more sweet juices for Taylor to eagerly lap up.
Taylor now feels lucky she's the one on her knees, tasting a woman for the first time. And for the first time in her life, Taylor feels like a slut -- naked, on her knees, eating pussy -- and she loves it.
Veronica spreads her legs even wider and with both hands forces Taylor's head hard against her. Taylor assists by grabbing Veronica's hips, forcing her down on her face. Both girls want Taylor's tongue as far up Veronica's pussy as it will go.
Feeling Taylor's tongue deep inside her, Veronica's unbridled cries echo in the shower as she enjoys sexual release.
Suddenly, Taylor's mouth is flooded with Veronica's essence. She swallows it with one gulp. But as her lips close, Veronica's throat releases another involuntary cry of ecstasy, announcing another wave of juices that gush over Taylor's lips and down her chin.
Taylor is contending with her own building waves of pleasure that are sending convulsions through her. But she's determined not to waste this gift from her lover. Her own juices may fall copiously on the shower floor, but she won't let one more drop of Veronica's precious liquid spill.
She presses her wide-open mouth firmly to Veronica's pussy and begins swallowing. Veronica emits cry after cry, and with each moan more juices flow into Taylor's waiting mouth and down her throat.
Taylor didn't know when it would stop. Then she realizes she doesn't ever want it to stop. She wants to spend every day of her life pleasing Veronica. She no longer cares what the other girls on the cheerleading squad think.
Right then she knows what she must do.
At homecoming, right after she's crowned queen, she'll call Veronica onto the field with her and, in front of the whole cheerleading squad and the entire school, she'll ask Veronica to be her date to the senior prom.
With the realization that she will profess her love for another woman to the whole world, Taylor experiences the most intense orgasm of her life.
Both women's bodies collapse in exhaustion on the shower floor. They lie there, holding each other, as warm water caresses their tender bodies.
Taylor whispers in Veronica's ear, "I love you."
Kathryn
Many weeks passed with Katie neglecting her studies when that day came that she found herself standing disconsolate in her dorm room, boxing up her things and reading her little unicorn and rainbow diary.
She was placed on academic suspension and expulsion inevitably loomed.
Though she tried to get a jump on packing, she wouldn't have to face failure today, tomorrow or even next week. She had room and board in the women's dorm till the end of the semester. But it was merely a matter of time.
"What day is it?" she wondered, setting aside her diary.
She seldom left her room and the days blurred together.
It was Friday, but the weekend held no particular joy for Katie since her routine was the same every day. She had no girlfriend and enjoyed no social life.
But calculus class met on Friday. At least she had Veronica to look forward to as she grabbed her bookbag and headed out the door.
Katie entered the lecture hall to find only two students seated inside. She thought she was early but the clock on the wall showed she was right on time. Then she remembered Monday's classes were cancelled because of a holiday. Most students had cut class to get an early start on the long weekend.
Katie sat dejected in the near-empty lecture hall because her secret crush was absent. She was about to leave when Kathryn entered.
Kathryn was the girl Katie was initially attracted to the first day of class, but Katie still hadn't found the courage to talk to her.
Kathryn looked around the empty hall, and spying Katie, a look of friendly recognition came across her face. She walked over and sat next to Katie.
"Hi! Your name's Katie, right?"
"Yeah."
Katie loved Kathryn's bright voice. She was nervous but excited that Kathryn was giving her attention.
"Hi, I'm Kathryn. Looks like Professor Carlson should have cancelled class, huh?"
"Yeah, it seems that way."
"I'm glad you're here, though."
Katie's heart leaped at the words. A pretty girl glad to see her? Katie smiled broadly. She had a beautiful smile and it was a long time since she smiled like that and it felt good.
"I notice you always come to class. A lot of people cut class, but you're always here, even today," Kathryn said.
Katie felt uneasy with the praise, knowing she hadn't cracked the textbook. She glanced down at her notebook filled with her and Veronica Adams' names surrounded by little pink hearts and was relieved to see it closed.
"That's why I was hoping," Kathryn said drawing out the words with reservation, "that you might want to study with me?"
Kathryn did her best to win Katie over with her smile and pleading eyes, and Katie melted.
"I could really use a study partner," Kathryn continued. "See, I kinda failed this class last semester so I'm taking it again."
"That's great!" Katie said. "I mean, that you want me as your study partner."
"Yeah?"
"Yeah, I'd love to study with you!"
Katie grew self-conscious, thinking she may have sounded too eager. She was also instantly mad at herself for not approaching Kathryn weeks ago.
"Okay, here's my number," Kathryn said, handing Katie a piece of paper. "Give me a call sometime so we can get together. Well, I'm outta here."
Katie was crestfallen. She finally met a pretty girl, and now she was leaving?
Her heart sank as Kathryn lifted from her seat. Unable to bear seeing her go, Katie blurted out, "Why don't we go study now?"
Kathryn looked puzzled.
"But class is now," she said.
"Uh," Katie uttered in confusion, "but you're leaving?"
"Okay, we can go back to my place," Kathryn said.
****
Katie couldn't believe what she was seeing.
Kathryn had a beautiful one-bedroom off campus. The living room was spacious with big windows on opposite walls flooding the room with sunlight.
The furniture looked new, as did the large, flat-panel TV mounted on a wall. There was a small computer cart on casters to one side of the room with an expensive-looking laptop on it. Katie also noticed a hi-tech camera mounted atop the screen.
"Wow, this is really nice," Katie said, even as she wondered how a failing college student could afford such a place.
"Thanks. The rent here is outrageously expensive. Have a seat. You want some wine?"
There was just one place to sit in the living room -- a stylish circular sofa with an arching, scallop-shell back. Katie climbed in it and ran her hand across the soft fabric.
Kathryn came back with two glasses of white wine and handed one to Katie. She curled her legs under her and leaned her shoulder against the sofa back so that she was facing Katie.
"This is really good wine," Kathryn said, "very expensive."
Katie looked at her glass. The afternoon sunlight in the apartment imparted a golden hue to the clear liquid.
"I like your couch," she said.
"Thanks. It cost a lot of money."
The two talked for the better part of an hour. Mostly Kathryn went on about expensive shopping excursions and all the pricey things she bought and extravagant trips to exotic places.
The only mention of calculus was commiserations between the two girls about how impossibly difficult it was and how they both thought it was stupid they were required to take it.
Katie was relieved that Kathryn did most of the talking. She was so shy she didn't know what to say.
But she thought it was great to be in that apartment with Kathryn. And even though nothing Kathryn said particularly interested Katie, she was finely attuned to every nuance of her voice and body language, searching for any sign of flirtation.
But Kathryn didn't seem interested in Katie that way.
Then Kathryn stopped talking.
Katie became uncomfortable because she didn't know if Kathryn expected some reply. Katie was only studying her face and hearing her voice, not paying attention to her words.
Kathryn casually sipped her wine and looked around the apartment.
Katie desperately thought of something to say as the pause grew awkward.
"I like your laptop," was all she could think of.
"Yeah, it's great," Kathryn said. "Super expensive."
"What's that big camera? I mean, why do you need such an expensive camera," Katie said, assuming it must be very expensive.
"Yeah, it did cost a lot. But I need it for work."
"Oh, you work here from home?"
"Uh huh," Kathryn said suddenly becoming reticent.
"What do you do, if you don't mind me asking?"
"Well, I guess it would be okay if I tell you. But you have to promise not to tell anyone at school."
"I won't, I promise."
Katie was excited that Kathryn was about to tell her a secret about herself.
"I'm a webcam model."
"A webcam model?"
"Yeah, I do shows on the Internet and guys tip me. Mostly guys, sometimes girls. You'd be surprised. But, yeah, I've been doing it for a couple of years. I make a lot of money. That's how I got this apartment and all this expensive stuff."
Now Katie hung on Kathryn's every word. But there was one that was paramount -- girls.
Kathryn sipped her wine and studied Katie's reaction.
"Wow, girls too, huh?"
"Yeah, sometimes. But you make most of your money from the men."
"So, do you have, like, a schedule that you work?"
"No, I can do it whenever I want. That's what's so great. I was gonna do a show today, but then you came over. No big deal, I'll probably go online after you leave."
"Oh, I'm sorry. If you need to... I mean, I don't mind. I could just stay and watch."
Katie could tell the suggestion made Kathryn uncomfortable.
"I'm just curious for myself," Katie said, "because I could use a little extra money if you could kinda show me how it's done."
"Well you have to have a place to do it and a computer and an Internet connection. Do you have that?" Kathryn asked.
"Not really." Katie said.
"If you're interested and wanna make some money, I have sorta been looking for another girl to do shows with. I mean I've thought about it because a lot of girls who do shows together make a fuck-ton of money."
Katie could hardly believe what she heard. She got so excited she shook, nearly spilling her wine on Kathryn's expensive sofa.
"Oh, sorry!" Katie said, regaining her composure.
"You okay?" Kathryn asked.
"Yeah. No, it would be great if I had someone to help teach me everything."
"Cool! Let's do a show now."
"Now? Don't we have to practice or something. I don't know what to do or say."
"No, it's real easy. Just be yourself, be fun and sexy and flirt with the guys. You know how guys love to be teased and see two girls together.
"I have a bunch of sexy lingerie. Come on, we'll find you something to wear," Kathryn said, motioning Katie to follow her into the bedroom.
Katie was nervous but excited. She wasn't sure how far she and Kathryn might take their girl-girl show. Would they just simulate sex?
For Kathryn it might be a show, but for Katie it would be the fulfillment of an all-consuming fantasy. Would Kathryn freak out if she knew Katie was genuinely into girls?
But at least they would wear sexy lingerie and get naked together on the Internet, Katie thought. The idea of all those people watching her, maybe even girls -- especially girls -- excited her.
She followed Kathryn into the bedroom, giggling nervously.
"What's so funny?" Kathryn asked.
"Oh, nothing," Katie said, "I'm just a little nervous. But I definitely want to do it."
"Aww!" Kathryn cooed and gave Katie and warm hug.
"Don't be nervous, you're so adorable, like a little girl," she said as she brushed the hair from Katie's face and caressed her cheek with the back of her hand. "Trust me, there are so many pervs online who love that."
Katie was elated that Kathryn found her attractive but was chagrined by the "little girl" comment.
Kathryn took Katie's hand and led her into a large walk-in closet full of cute clothes, lingerie and sexy heels. Kathryn started pulling outfits off hangers and showing them to Katie.
"This is one of my favorites," Kathryn said holding up a sling shot, just slivers of fabric for the crotch and bra held together by strings.
Katie looked at the scraps of cloth and string and imagined how incredible Kathryn's big tits would look in it with only her nipples teasingly covered.
"Nah, I don't think I'll wear that one," she said, opting instead for a pink camisole and thong.
"Oh here, this would be perfect for you," she said, holding up a black bra and panties with white, lacy frill. "This will go great with your dark hair and brown eyes."
She handed the outfit to Katie and proceeded to take off her top and bra. She turned toward Katie and there, in Katie's face, were Kathryn's big, beautiful breasts. It was the first time Katie was confronted by the bare breasts of a woman she found attractive and she couldn't help staring.
Kathryn raised her arms over her head to slip on the camisole as Katie looked on awestruck. She pulled the fabric down to her waist and stared down at her boobs.
"What do you think?" she asked.
"That's great," Katie said, mesmerized.
Then she took the camisole off and laid it on the bed along with Katie's bra and panties.
"Okay, let's get ready," she said as she walked topless into the bathroom. "You change while I do my makeup and hair real quick. Do you need makeup or anything?"
"No, I'm good," Katie said, as she stripped naked in Kathryn's bedroom.
While she changed, she stole glimpses of Kathryn's bare chest in the bathroom. Her tits hung down as Kathryn bent over to apply glossy pink lipstick in the mirror.
"So how did you get into being a webcam model," Katie asked as she stood naked in Kathryn's room.
"You ever hear of Crazed Cuties on Campus? It's kind of a porno video."
Katie froze when Kathryn spoke the title.
"They came to Millvale," Kathryn said.
"You were in Crazed Cuties on Campus?"
"Uh huh. I was so fucking drunk I didn't know what the hell I was doing. They told me they wanted to put me in it, but I had to sign a release and they would give me five hundred dollars. I was like, sure, what the fuck? Five hundred bucks! Anyway, some of the other girls in the video told me about the webcam thing.
"Hey, when you're done changing, go out and sit on the sofa and wait for me."
Taylor Reprised
Katie sat on the living room sofa in Kathryn's lingerie thinking about what she just learned. She could hardly believe her new friend was one of the crazed cuties she saw in the video. She couldn't recall her face, but she got excited because the girls were kissing and going down on each other. It was almost too good to be true.
Kathryn walked into the living room wearing her pink camisole and thong, matching her pink lip gloss. Her hair was done in two big, loose pig tails tied with pink ribbons. Katie loved the way her nipples poked through the fabric of her camisole. She thought Kathryn looked cute and slutty at the same time.
Kathryn looked at Katie's nearly naked body on the sofa.
"Wow, you look really cute," she said.
"Thanks," Katie said bashfully, "but your bra is a little too big for me."
"Oh, sorry about that. Why don't you take it off?"
"Take it off?"
"Yeah, it really doesn't matter, you're just gonna take it off anyway."
Katie removed the bra, exposing her perky tits with their pink nipples. She had no discernible areolas. Her youthful skin was alabaster and flawless.
Kathryn cocked her head to one side with her hands on her hips and stared at Katie's tits.
"Wow, I love little titties," she said.
It was the first time a girl commented on Katie's naked body. It excited her.
"I love big titties," Katie said bashfully.
She felt giddy that the two of them were making sexual comments about each other's bodies.
Standing before Katie, Kathryn pulled her camisole above her tits, then she spread her legs, bent slightly at the waist and thrust her chest out at Katie. She cupped her hands under her bare breasts and alternately lifted and lowered them while shaking her hips side to side. As she did this, she opened her mouth and worked her tongue back and forth across her upper lip, letting out an audible moan.
"Mmmmmm!"
Katie was transfixed, her heart pounded. It was just like how all the slutty girls in the video did it, she thought.
Kathryn straightened and laughed.
"We're gonna make sooooo much money!" she said.
Then she playfully danced over to the small computer cart. She pulled it to the middle of the living room and readied the laptop. She trained the camera on Katie, sitting like a small doll in the big, circular sofa.
Katie could see her tiny image on the laptop's screen.
"So, what did you do in the crazed cuties video?" Katie asked because she was dying to know.
Kathryn continued readying the laptop without looking up.
"I was so drunk I didn't even know what I did until I saw it later. I was kissing a girl while I was sitting on some chick's face."
Now she looked at Katie.
"I'm such a slut!" she said and laughed. "But like I said, I was really drunk at the time."
Katie looked at Kathryn's empty wine glass.
"Why don't I get us some more wine?" she said.
****
With their newly-filled glasses of wine, Katie and Kathryn settled together on the sofa. The women sat so close their thighs and hips touched. Katie enjoyed the feel of Kathryn's warm skin against her. She wanted desperately to reach out and touch Kathryn's breasts.
"Okay, here we go," Kathryn said. "We're live now."
Katie stared at the camera's reflective glass lens. It seemed to stare back. She looked at the laptop screen and saw a small image of her and Kathryn on the couch together.
Part of the screen was devoted to viewers' comments, so the girls could see the men's requests. Kathryn explained that the camera had a microphone, so the men could hear them.
"It'll probably take about twenty minutes for enough guys to log on before we can really start the show. Shit! I almost forgot. What name do you want to use?"
"Name?"
"Yeah, your online name. You don't want to use your real name. I'm Stephie."
"Taylor," Katie said.
"Okay, Taylor. Just follow me and do what I do. We'll do some sexy poses first. When the guys start tipping good, we'll give them a really hot show."
"How many people do you think will be watching us?" Katie asked.
"Hopefully two thousand, at least. Three or four thousand would be better if we really wanna make some money."
"Four thousand?" Katie wondered.
She grew excited by the idea of so many strangers seeing her naked. She tried to imagine a crowd that large. She immediately thought of her high school gym during assemblies. But it held only a few hundred.
Then she remembered the university's campus auditorium held five thousand. She imagined it nearly full of people ogling her sexy little body as she pranced naked on stage and struck sexy poses.
"When we start the girl-girl action, what are you comfortable with?" Kathryn asked. "Because the more we do, the more money we'll make."
Katie's pulse quickened. She was too timid to say frankly what she wanted to do to Kathryn for fear of provoking her disgust.
"Whatever you want to do is fine," she said.
Kathryn turned her attention to the laptop to see how many viewers had logged on.
Katie was upset with herself; she had missed the perfect opportunity to dictate their sexual escapades. She thought it wasn't too late to chime in with some suggestions when a single ding, as from a bell, rang from the computer.
"Oh, somebody tipped us!" Kathryn said.
She looked intently at the message on the screen.
"Hey, Mike! How are you, baby? I'm good, thanks. I'm sorry, I've been so busy. Who is she? This is my sexy girlfriend, Taylor. I know, isn't she adorable? Yeah, we fuck all the time."
Kathryn leaned over pretending to give Katie a kiss on the cheek and whispered to her, "Say 'Hi, Mike' and wave."
"Hi, Mike," Katie said, waving at the camera.
Kathryn leaned forward, studying the screen again.
"I love her perky little titties, too. Yeah, I love to suck and bite her nipples."
Kathryn leaned over to Katie and started sucking and licking her nipples. Her warm, wet mouth felt so good on Katie's little protuberances.
Katie leaned her head back and exhaled.
"Oh god," she thought to herself, "this is really gonna happen!"
"This is great. This guy's a big tipper and he wants to watch us fuck each other," Kathryn whispered and turned her attention again to Katie's nipples.
Ding!—Ding!—Ding! Ding! Ding! Ding! The computer rang out.
Kathryn quickly shuffled to the sofa's edge to read another request.
"It's a hundred tokens to get my top off, baby," she said.
After payment was rendered, Kathryn grabbed the bottom of her camisole and pulled it over her head, tossed it aside and began fondling her breasts.
"You like that, baby?" she asked.
Katie moved forward to be at Kathryn's side, desperate to see her big tits. She also glanced at the web browser's viewer counter. Already, more than two thousand watched them.
Suddenly, Katie heard what sounded like a chorus of crickets coming from the computer. The cricket-like sounds represented men tipping hundreds of tokens at a time. This got little Katie so excited she pulled her heels up and placed them on the sofa's edge, letting her knees fall open. Supporting herself with one arm, she plunged her hand down her panties and started rubbing furiously.
She rested her head against Kathryn's shoulder as she rubbed and stared at the lens of the camera, like the unblinking compound eye of a fly on the wall -- focusing thousands of little eyes on her near-naked body.
She let out a long, soft moan, her feminine voice like a sweet chord supporting the melody of dings made by the gifted tokens.
"You guys want to see my girlfriend's sweet little pussy?" Kathryn asked.
Kathryn placed her palm against Katie's chest, forcing her gently onto her back. With Katie's butt perched on the edge of the sofa, Kathryn hoisted her legs straight up and pulled her panties up to her knees. With her thumb and forefinger, she spread Katie's tender butt cheeks, exposing her virgin crack to the camera.
Katie moved her head to see the laptop. She could see the image of her ass on the screen as scores of obscene messages popped up next to it. She began pinching her erect nipples as she enjoyed how Kathryn was pimping her little body for everyone's enjoyment.
A cascade of tips filled the apartment with their cacophony. Kathryn had explained to Katie that each token bequeathed could be redeemed for just pennies. Katie imagined all those older men giving her shiny nickels and dimes to show them her pussy for their gratification.
She felt like a cheap slut and loved it.
Kathryn yanked off Katie's panties. Now Katie was completely naked.
Katie stood in front of the sofa and turned her back to the laptop. She bent over and shook her ass at the camera. Kathryn gave it a hard smack, causing Katie to cry out. The sting quickly subsided as she felt a warmth spread through her ass cheek.
A silvery string of juice oozed from Katie and stretched down between her knees before dripping to the floor.
Katie turned to face the camera and gyrated her hips and torso slowly and licked her lips.
"You want to see my girlfriend's sexy body?" Kathryn asked.
She grabbed the lens from the laptop and began moving it slowly around Katie's body as Katie showed off for the camera.
As she performed, it struck her that hundreds and hundreds of men would be recording her performance and posting it everywhere on the Internet with her face clearly visible for thousands and thousands of other men to see whenever they pleased, her nubile body now a gift for the whole world to enjoy forever.
Katie felt like one of the Crazed Cuties girls, with her image pouring out across the Internet and onto countless hard drives, her tawdriness immortalized. She was hornier than she had ever been, fired by years of pent up sexual tension.
As Katie savored the first of many orgasms that afternoon, Kathryn positioned the camera to frame every inch of Katie's body from head to toe as she furiously rubbed her hand between her legs, desperate to climax.
Every nuance of orgasmic delight on her face was being captured as well as every cry of ecstasy, every sigh and moan -- all irrefutable testimony to how much little Katie enjoyed being everybody's cheap slut.
Katie collapsed in Kathryn's arms, and Kathryn easily hoisted Katie's small frame. Katie clasped her legs around Kathryn's waist and folded her arms around her neck. She placed her cheek against Kathryn's and closed her eyes.
Kathryn gently rocked Katie and purred "Good girl!" loud enough for the viewers to hear as she caressed the back of Katie's head.
Katie's wet crotch felt the wonderful warmth of Kathryn's toned tummy and her little chest pressed against the softness of Kathryn's pillow-like breasts. Kathryn's body felt as good as Katie imagined.
As the two women enjoyed the warmth of each other's bodies, Katie recovered with slow, deep breaths. She barely drew three breaths when she felt the aching to be pleased again. She couldn't wait for whatever was next.
"Who wants to see me deep French kiss my girlfriend?" Kathryn asked.
"Oh!" Katie said aloud as soon as she heard the words.
Still holding onto Katie, Kathryn climbed on the sofa and positioned their bodies so their profiles faced the camera. She crossed her legs so Katie was sitting in her lap with her legs still wrapped around Kathryn's waist.
Katie thought Kathryn looked so pretty.Thiswas the girlfriend she dreamed of. She stared into her beautiful brown eyes and at her glossy, pink lips. She longed to feel them on her lips and Kathryn's tongue in her mouth.
Kathryn placed her hand on the back of Katie's neck and slid her fingers into Katie's long, dark hair. Her hand covered nearly the entire back of Katie's head. Katie loved how in control Kathryn was. She relaxed, letting Kathryn dictate her every movement.
Kathryn pulled Katie close, their faces not an inch apart. Katie closed her eyes as Kathryn tilted Katie's head slightly and placed her lips gently on Katie's. Katie felt Kathryn's soft upper lip cover her upper lip as they exchanged gentle kisses.
Katie felt Kathryn's arm behind her shoulders pulling her closer. Katie relaxed her body as Kathryn warmly embraced her. She felt like a doll being cradled in Kathryn's arms.
She inhaled Kathryn's warm breath and felt Kathryn's mouth completely cover hers. She felt the wetness of Kathryn's tongue as it slid across her upper lip. Katie parted her lips slightly and Kathryn clasped Katie's lower lip in hers and pulled on it gently.
Again, Katie felt her mouth enveloped. She parted her lips and Kathryn's tongue slid inside Katie's mouth. Both women's mouths opened as wide as possible to allow their tongues to explore and encircle each other.
It was the most sensual, intimate thing Katie ever felt. Her body belonged to Kathryn. She enjoyed the wonderful sensation as the women shared velvety deep kisses.
Katie was in a trance and time lost meaning in a suspended state of pure bliss. Her trance was broken as Kathryn pulled Katie away from her. Katie opened her eyes and saw only Kathryn's big, brown eyes.
Again, she heard the ringing sound of tips as she regained her senses.
Then Kathryn said, "Suck my big titties, lover."
Kathryn pulled Katie tight to her chest and shoved her face between her breasts. Katie felt her warm orbs on both cheeks. She placed both hands on the outside of Kathryn's boobs and squeezed them against her face. Then she rooted for one of Kathryn's nipples. Finding one, she placed Kathryn's entire areola in her mouth and sucked.
"My baby loves my big titties," Kathryn said.
Katie wanted to cum so bad when she felt Kathryn's hand between her legs, still wrapped around Kathryn's waist. She spread them invitingly.
Katie knew then that she could have complete and uninhibited sex with Kathryn and it would be all right. It felt like Kathryn was -- her girlfriend!
Katie's eyes grew wide as saucers when Kathryn stuck her tongue in Katie's ear, thrust two fingers in her tight pussy and began rubbing her clit with her thumb.
"Oh, yeth, yeth!" Katie said, her words stifled by Kathryn's big nipple still in her mouth as Kathryn's fingers penetrated deep between her legs.
Kathryn rubbed and rubbed, her fingers working their magic. Nothing prepared Katie for the intense pleasure Kathryn skillfully provided.
Katie wrapped both arms tightly around Kathryn almost out of confused desperation as a slow crescendo of bliss bewildered Katie's innocent mind.
Katie flung her head back with mouth agape as she involuntarily clung to her lover, her body seized by intense pleasure.
"Such a good little girl," Kathryn sweetly purred in Katie's ear as the tip of her tongue teased Katie's earlobe.
A cry of ecstasy caught in Katie's throat, no sound would come out as the arteries of her neck bulged. She couldn't even breathe as the sexy slut's experienced fingers ruthlessly slid in and out of her, wracking her body with a pleasure Katie never knew.
Wave after wave of pleasure gripped little Katie. When the intensity subsided, she released her grip on Kathryn and collapsed, gasping for air. She looked up at Kathryn with doe-eyed adulation.
"I wantmypussy pleased now." Kathryn said. "I want my girlfriend to lick my pussy real good!"
Katie grew light-headed and the room began to spin as the words echoed in her ears. The quintessential element of submitting to another woman was finally hers to enjoy. The fantasy that gave her the most pleasure -- that special way of pleasing another woman -- was about to turn into reality. She would know how it tastes, how it felt on her lips, how it felt wrapped around her tongue.
As she lay on her stomach looking at Kathryn, the seasoned webcam model positioned herself against the back of the sofa. Kathryn pulled her feet close to her body, her knees spread, forming a wide V.
"Suck my pussy, Taylor!" Kathryn demanded.
She saw Kathryn licking her luscious, pink lips and fondling her big tits in anticipation of the pleasure she was demanding of Katie.
The arches of Kathryn's feet were like the arched entrance of a secret garden, her long legs like a path guiding Katie to the center.
Katie crawled slowly forward, allowing herself to be drawn in. Kathryn lifted her ass as Katie slid her hands under her cheeks. Then Kathryn lowered herself, as if placing a gift in Katie's hands.
Kathryn's thin labia protruded slightly from between two soft mounds of flesh between her legs. Her pussy was perfectly tapered, top and bottom, with the bottom of her crack extending to a cute, pink sphincter. Her button-like clit was sheathed in a delicate fold of flesh.
Katie stared at her gift, a precious flower right before her face. Katie saw nothing else and couldn't wish anything prettier for her first taste.
"Thank you!" Katie whispered and pressed her lips between Kathryn's legs, giving her pussy a long, loving kiss. She enjoyed the warmth on her lips as the sweet perfume of Kathryn's flower wafted in her nostrils. She inhaled the scent deeply.
She began eagerly sucking and licking, parting Kathryn's lips with her tongue. As she gave particular attention to her clit, Kathryn moaned. This selfless way of pleasing came so easily to submissive little Katie.
Then Katie parted Kathryn's lips with her fingers, inside was the prettiest shade of pink she ever saw. She plunged her tongue deep in Kathryn's hole. The taste covered her tongue and filled her mouth, the most delicious thing she ever tasted.
"Show everybody your cute, little ass while you lick my pussy," Kathryn said.
Katie got on her knees with her ass in the air and her face buried between Kathryn's legs.
"Taylor's a little slut!" she said.
Then Katie heard a loud smack and felt a sting on her ass from Kathryn's hand. She began to drip as she lapped up every drop of sweet nectar from Kathryn's flower and softly moaned.
Now she was the Taylor submitting to her lover. Only, this Taylor didn't have to learn her place at her lover's feet. She always knew she was meant to be another woman's submissive.
"Slut!"
Smack!
With the burn of Kathryn's spanks spreading through her butt cheeks, her ass in the air, the amazing taste in her mouth, and the world watching her submit to Kathryn, Katie erupted in a spontaneous orgasm, the most intense she ever felt, without even touching herself.
Katie collapsed on the sofa and looked dreamily up at tall, blond Kathryn and her big tits.
"Oh, no!" Kathryn said, "You're not done yet."
She climbed on top of little Katie and cleaned Katie's wet crack with her tongue. Her warm mouth felt great on Katie's slit.
All Katie could see was Kathryn's magnificent ass framing her beautiful vagina, and she gave it long, slow licks up the entire length of Kathryn's crack. Then she began rimming Kathryn's pink asshole.
"Oh, you are a little slut!" Kathryn cried in ecstasy.
On and on it went, orgasm after orgasm. Katie never wanted it to end. She was insatiable.
As the tips waned, Kathryn brought their session to a close. The women had been at it for hours.
As Kathryn bid goodbye to her regular viewers, Katie collapsed on the sofa with a contented smile, her fulfilled dream so satisfying she felt like a different person, more complete. She felt not like a girl, but like a woman.
"You were fucking awesome!" Kathryn said.
Katie smiled broadly. Kathryn couldn't help returning her smile.
"You have such a beautiful smile," Kathryn said and kissed Katie softly. "Why don't you take a shower while I see how much we made?"
Feeling invigorated from the shower, Katie walked back into the living room wrapped in a towel.
"How much did we make?" she asked.
Kathryn looked at her with a big grin on her face.
"Well, how much?" Katie implored.
"Two thousand dollars!" Kathryn said.
"What? Two thousand dollars?" Katie said.
The two women jumped up and down and squealed and hugged each other.
"I've never made this much fucking money in a single day," Kathryn said. "We need to be online at least four times a week."
It was the first time Katie had seen her so excited. But then a serious look came across Kathryn's face and she looked Katie squarely in the eye.
"But if we're gonna do this together, I have one rule. You may not like it, but I'm serious as shit about this: No boyfriends!
"You can screw all the guys you want, but if I find out you have a boyfriend, it's over! I'll find someone else. Trust me on this one, guys screw everything up. They get jealous and want you to quit or they just want your money and freeload off you. All I want right now is to make all the money I can."
****
On the bus ride back to campus, the words rang over and over in Katie's head.No boyfriends.
The implications were delicious: no significant other stealing Kathryn's attention, nothing to provoke Katie's jealousy and insecurity. She had Kathryn all to herself -- a tall, big-tit blonde to fuck almost every day -- like a real girlfriend.
Hell, she thought, she would be happy doing two shows a day, seven days a week!
If all Kathryn wanted was money, all Katie wanted was to be naked on that sofa with Kathryn.
And naked on that sofa together as long and often as possible was how each girl would get what she wanted. And they would make thousands of dollars to boot?
To Katie it was too good to be true. That morning it seemed her life was over before it started. Now she reveled in an embarrassment of riches.
She couldn't stop smiling that big, beautiful smile of hers as tears of joy streamed down her cheeks.
An Admirer
Katie and Kathryn continued performing almost daily. The cash kept pouring in and Kathryn withdrew from school.
Katie attended calculus until the end of the semester only to see Veronica. The one thing causing her sorrow was knowing she could never have the big, sexy blonde who had stolen her heart. She could now afford stylish clothes and fancy salons, but she couldn't catch Veronica's eye.
Otherwise, it was the happiest time of Katie's life. She was having sex with Kathryn daily and living her fantasies.
Because they performed only several hours a day any time that suited them, Katie had lots of free time. She stayed up late, slept late, ate in nice restaurants. She bought a new car and rented a luxury apartment with a balcony at the top of a high-rise.
From her balcony, she could see the campus of Millvale University in the distance, far below. She often looked longingly at the buildings of the school, thinking that Veronica might be in one of them. She wished she could fly to her like a bird, perch on her finger and delight her.
But as much as she could not delight Veronica, she certainly was delighting thousands around the globe each and every week.
Sometimes, if a session went long, she and Kathryn would alternate breaks. They found it better than interrupting their show entirely.
One afternoon, while Kathryn stepped out for a bite, Katie drew the interest of a female viewer. Female fans thrilled Katie. She fantasized about performing exclusively for them, dreaming of thousands upon thousands of girls aching to have sex with her. She paid special attention to their requests.
The woman's user name and message popped up on Katie's screen.
Dreamy_Jessie:Hi, Taylor. Wow! You look sooo sexy!!
Things had slowed since Kathryn left, and Katie was overjoyed to interact with a female fan.
Dreamy_Jessie:Would it be ok if we chatted in private? I really wanted to talk to you alone.
Katie happily obliged.
Dreamy_Jessie:Thanks so much! Its so great to talk to you alone. I think your girlfriend is sexy but I really have the hots for you! I've been watching you on here for a few weeks now. Sorry I can't tip. I really can't afford to. I'm a poor college student. LOL
Stephie&Taylor:That's ok sweetie. I want you to know you never have to tip. Feel free to let me know what you like and I'll do my best to do it for you whenever I can.
Dreamy_Jessie:You pretty much do exactly what I like all the time anyway. I love watching a woman go down on another woman. You look so cute and sexy doing it. I love having my pussy licked by another girl.
Stephie&Taylor:Mmmmm...I like that! LOL You could probably find a girlfriend at your school to do that for you.
Dreamy_Jessie:I have a couple of times. But I don't like going down that much and the girls I've done it with weren't that much into it either so that part was kinda disappointing. And its what I like so much. Dang! LOL
Stephie&Taylor:Sorry to hear that honey. But I hope we can chat on here and become good friends.
Dreamy_Jessie:Funny you should say that...hee hee...I hope this doesn't freak you out but I know you.
Panic shot through Katie like a bolt of electricity. Was she someone from her hometown? All her friends would find out! Oh god, her parents!
Dreamy_Jessie:I go to MU. We were in the same english lit class. Don't worry...I didn't tell anyone. I would never want to hurt you.
Katie sighed in relief.
Stephie&Taylor:Thanks Jessie. That's very sweet of you.
Dreamy_Jessie:No problem. I haven't seen you around school.
Stephie&Taylor:No I don't go there anymore.
Dreamy_Jessie:Oh...but what I really wanted to ask you is if your still in town...would you like to get together sometime?
Katie's heart skipped. She wanted to say yes but was reluctant. This was hitting too close to home. She and Kathryn had a special understanding, but Katie still fretted her webcam career might be discovered. Besides, she didn't know if she would find her admirer attractive.
Dreamy_Jessie:I can send you pics of me if you want.
Katie and Kathryn both had social media accounts under their performer names and in a few minutes, Katie got several racy photos of her admirer.
Jessie was a tall, stunning, dark-eyed brunette with a flawless, pale complexion. Her dark hair reached well below her shoulders and the ends were dyed blue. She had a sexy mole on her upper lip and wore a small diamond stud in her nose and a silver tongue stud.
Stephie&Taylor:OMG...You are dreamy!
Dreamy_Jessie:Glad you think so. I can send you some naked pics if you want.
Jessie had a voluptuous body with an amazing ass and big tits with pierced nipples. Her skin was evenly pale and flawless. On the outside of one calf was a red tattoo of a naked devil girl with a pointed tail, kneeling and holding a trident. On her ass was a red kiss print tattoo. Katie loved her bad girl, Goth look.
Stephie&Taylor:We could get together tonight.
****
When time arrived for Katie to ready for her date, she decided on a sexy, but sophisticated, look to appear less girlish. She wore her tallest heels to give her some height.
She parked on campus near the women's dorm. As she waited for her date, she applied a fresh coat of lipstick in her sun visor's vanity mirror. She wanted to look her best for her date.
She peered at her lips in the mirror, contemplating the feminine habit of applying a fascia of pigment to them. She pondered its deeper significance. Whether for a big business meeting, job interview or first date, it was a self-empowering ritual and an attempt to impress.
Soon she spied Jessie.
When Katie laid eyes on her in person for the first time, Katie was delighted. Jessie was tall and beautiful.
She wore black, stiletto heels and a long, black, double-slit skirt that showed off her amazing legs with every step, including her devil girl tattoo.
She wore a matching crossover top that showcased her large breasts and left her toned midriff exposed. It was obvious from her bouncing tits and protruding nipples that she was braless.
Her belly button was pierced with a silver chain and she was adorned with silver bracelets, necklace and earrings. Her lashes were long and lush and her lipstick bright red.
As Jessie strode toward the car, Katie was surprised how comfortable she felt, not plagued by insecurity. Why should she be nervous? she thought. It was Jessie who had gushed over her. Katie felt nothing but anticipation for an exciting and wonderful night with her sexy date.
"Hi, I'm Jessie," the brunette said as she climbed in the car. She leaned over and hugged Katie.
"You look amazing," Katie said.
"Thanks. Wow, I had forgotten how pretty you are in person," Jessie said.
"I love your car," she said, inhaling the new-car smell of its leather interior.
Katie was thrilled that Jessie was impressed by the vehicle.
As they reached the restaurant, Katie pulled to the valet parking. As she waited on the curb for her date to join her, she reveled in the curious and envious looks of the male valets.
As they were shown to their table, Katie walked proudly behind her date, admiring her curvy figure. The sheer fabric of Jessie's skirt clung to her large, round ass, revealing every fine detail with not a trace of panty line. With every step it shook like voluptuous jelly.
A smile of satisfaction curled Katie's lips as all heads turned to look at her date and then her. Katie knew it was obvious. She knew everyone in the restaurant knew. Jessie washertrophy date.
Katie requested a bistro table. The high table with its tall stools was perfect for Katie to admire every inch of Jessie's sexy body, head to toe. She pulled her date's chair out and waited until she was seated, then pulled her own seat close to her.
Katie was very pleased. She noticed Jessie's fingernails and toenails were polished red to match her lipstick. She thought her feet were very sexy. Katie noticed she wore a silver ring on one of her toes.
As Katie drank in her date's beauty, it was obvious this amazing brunette had taken great care preparing for their date. That was more flattering than any admiring word.
"Wow, this place is great," Jessie said, looking around the restaurant.
Katie ordered a bottle of wine. As the two women got acquainted, Katie learned she genuinely liked Jessie and thought she had a wicked sense of humor. She loved the sound of Jessie's laugh.
Jessie remarked several times what a thrill it was to finally meet Katie, in fact, gushing shamelessly over her. It delighted Katie that such a sexy, tall woman was so fawning. It made her feel like a woman.
Katie looked Jessie warmly in the eye and confidently placed her hand on her thigh.
"You're very beautiful," Katie said and then smiled.
"You have the most amazing smile," Jessie said.
Katie caressed the inside of Jessie's thigh, sliding her hand all the way up Jessie's skirt and between her legs. Jessie's eyes closed, and her lips parted slightly. Katie ran the tips of her fingers across the warm, soft flesh of Jessie's vulva and realized she wore no panties. Jessie gave Katie a bashful look and giggled.
Katie looked Jessie directly in the eye and gave her the biggest smile she could muster, knowing its amazing effect. Katie almost couldn't believe Jessie looked shyly away.
When the check arrived, Jessie glanced at the black, leather-bound folder nervously and then at Katie.
Katie reached in her purse and pulled out her wallet. She opened it and pulled out a number of large bills and began counting enough for dinner and a generous tip. As she counted, she glanced at Jessie, who was staring at the cash.
****
When they arrived at Katie's apartment, Jessie was again impressed. Katie poured glasses of wine and the women relaxed on the living room sofa.
"I've got a naughty idea," Jessie said. "You've danced for me so many times online. I would love to do a sexy striptease for you, like I'm your personal webcam girl."
"I would love that," Katie said.
Jessie streamed dance music from her phone over the wireless speakers in Katie's apartment as Katie dimmed the lights and took a seat on the sofa to enjoy the show.
Dancing in the tony apartment of her webcam idol was getting Jessie hot. Katie quickly fell under the spell of the brunette's curvaceous body as Jessie stripped away her skirt and top, revealing her pierced nipples and sexy tattoos. Her hips were amazingly wide and rounded.
Jessie's pussy was shaved clean except for a small patch of black fuzz shaped into a heart.
Katie moved to the edge of the sofa and ran her hands up and down Jessie's long legs and caressed her big ass. Jessie bent over and shook her ass in Katie's face.
It was too much for Katie to resist. She spread Jessie's cheeks and gave her crack a long, wet lick, just a promise of the pleasure she was eager to provide. Then she took her admirer by the hand and led her onto the balcony. The evening air cooled the women's overheating bodies. Jessie looked out at the lights of the city burning brightly below.
"Everyone can see us here," Katie said, curious to see Jessie's reaction.
Jessie closed her eyes and raised her arms over her head to completely expose her ample breasts as she continued her sexy dance for Katie.
"Yes, that's it," Katie encouraged her.
Katie placed her hands on Jessie's hips. Jessie's amazing body was on full display, wearing nothing but her black stiletto heels.
Dancing in the semipublic space of Katie's balcony intensely aroused Jessie as she imagined eyes from surrounding buildings locked on her naked body. Jessie fantasized she was performing for the world with her favorite webcam model.
Her nipples grew hard and erect as she imagined all the pleasure she would soon receive from the little cunnilingus expert who she masturbated to many times, envious of Kathryn as she longed to be in her place with Katie's face buried between her thighs.
Katie led Jessie into her bedroom and began a sexy dance as she stripped. Katie removed her heels and the difference in the women's heights was so great Katie had only to bend slightly to reach Jessie's crotch with her mouth.
She knew what Jessie desperately wanted, but she teased Jessie's clit with the tip of her tongue while caressing her hips and thighs. Jessie lifted strands of Katie's hair and let them fall as she enjoyed the teasing until she could take no more.
She lifted Katie and carried her to the bed. Laying Katie down, she straddled her face while facing Katie's feet. She rubbed Katie's clit and her own. Jessie dripped onto Katie's lips. Katie stuck out her tongue to catch the sweet drops, savoring the taste.
Jessie lowered herself until she rested on Katie's mouth. Katie licked strongly while Jessie ground on her face and fondled her own tits.
Jessie burned to see Katie's pretty eyes while her mouth was buried between her thighs, so she laid on her back and spread her legs. Katie accepted the invitation and began eagerly licking and sucking between them.
Jessie put her hand on the back of Katie's head and forced her face into her crotch. Then she squeezed Katie's head between her milky thighs.
The soft flesh of Jessie's thighs enveloped Katie's face, suffocating her. Finally, Jessie released her vice grip and Katie gasped for air.
"Lick my pussy good!" Jessie commanded.
Katie did just as told, devouring her dessert for hours while her new girlfriend enjoyed all the orgasms she desired.
Katie woke in the morning to the sound of Jessie dressing.
"I gotta go. I have class this morning," Jessie said. "I had the most amazing time last night."
"So did I," Katie said.
"Sorry, gotta run. My cab's here," Jessie said.
As Jessie hurried out the door, Katie drifted back to sleep with a contented smile.
Katie's Prize
With every passing day, Katie's confidence grew.
She got breast enhancement that also helped boost her and Kathryn's fan base, and she even got minor cosmetic surgery that subtly erased the girlishness from her face.
She received more attention from men, though it was not returned. She felt better about herself than she ever had.
She created her own online account and did late-night shows from her apartment when her daytime fans weren't watching. She made almost no money from these shows but catered to women viewers and cultivated a relatively large female following.
The shows were less about performing than interacting with her female fans. On several occasions, she flew to meet her most adoring ones, either staying in their homes or inviting them to her hotel room. Sometimes they came to her.
Katie was enjoying life to the fullest.
One Saturday night, she felt the need for companionship and decided to try her hand picking up a woman in a club. It was a move she had not attempted.
She knew a trendy place in the entertainment district, a known pickup spot. It was usually full of young, professional men, making it a favorite haunt for cash-strapped MU girls wanting to be shown a good time.
She knew she could rival any of the men's pockets, but did she have charms to make a young woman forsake the available bachelors?
When Katie arrived, the place was packed.
She prowled the club's multiple bars, ignoring the men eyeing her up and down. There were plenty of pretty girls to choose from, but most already garnered lots of attention from the men.
Katie was contemplating how to pry one of these beauties loose when the crowd parted and there, poised on a bar stool like a marble statue of a Greek goddess, was Katie's greatest desire -- Veronica Adams.
Katie's heart jumped in her throat. She stepped back to blend with the crowd, unsure and not wanting to be seen.
Veronica was dressed to kill like Katie had never seen in calculus class. Her short skirt now impossibly short, showing every inch of her long legs and teasing to reveal too much. She wore stiletto platform heels and her normally revealing blouse now sported a plunging V-neck, offering more of Veronica's big, beautiful breasts than Katie ever enjoyed before.
With her love's skimpy outfit leaving so little to the imagination, Katie delighted in picturing her naked. As she perched on her bar stool, unabashedly advertising sex for the lucky suitor of her choice, Katie's body ached for Veronica. Once again, Katie found herself admiring, unnoticed.
Veronica sat with her legs crossed and both hands wrapped around her dink, her head turned conspicuously away from a man working harder than he ever worked before to impress a woman. But Veronica remained aloof.
Watching, Katie thought to turn and flee the bar. But a courage rose in her and steeled her resolve.
"No!"she thought resolutely. Losing Veronica was unbearable.
Katie's heart pounded, but seeing the opportunity, she took a deep breath and strode confidently to where her prize sat.
"Hey! I wasn't expecting to see you here," she said to Veronica.
Then she turned to the man and said, "I'm sorry, I need to speak to my friend alone for a minute."
The sound of her own confident voice assuaged Katie's fears. With the veil of trepidation pierced, Katie's nerves immediately settled.
Veronica was puzzled by this stranger's familiarity but was relieved as Katie led her from her would-be suitor. The women settled at another less crowded bar in the club.
"Thanks for that," Veronica said in that clear, beautiful voice Katie remembered.
"No problem. I know how boorish guys can be sometimes," Katie said.
"I'm Katie," she said, extending her hand.
"Veronica."
"Nice to meet you, Veronica. Can I get you a drink?"
"Sure, thanks."
Veronica showed no sign of recognizing Katie after her cosmetic transformation, though it was unlikely she would have remembered her, regardless.
"I'm new here in town," Katie lied. "This looks like it could become my favorite spot."
"Yeah, it's pretty great," Veronica said. "A lot of the guys here are really loaded, but they can be kinda jerks."
"I don't care about the guys," Katie said pointedly. "I recently sold a successful business, and I'm pursuing several other lucrative opportunities. I've dealt with too many A-type, asshole captains of industry this week, if you know what I mean."
Katie worried she may have laid it on too thick, but thought, being a woman, she might get a free pass from Veronica.
"Wow, that's great," Veronica said, studying her new friend. "I'm still in school here at MU," she added sheepishly.
When the bartender brought their drinks, Katie placed a hundred dollar bill on the bar and told him to keep the change.
Veronica thought Katie must be about her own age, maybe a little older. She was impressed that a woman only a few years older at most had achieved so much success. She admired Katie's confidence, even feeling a bit intimidated by the diminutive woman standing before her.
"I come here occasionally, but it's tough to find a decent guy," Veronica said, looking around the club. "I'm definitely not going home with any of these guys tonight."
"No, you're not," Katie said, placing her hand on Veronica's and looking her straight in the eye.
Startled, Veronica asked, "I'm sorry, are you hitting on me?"
Most men would have been intimidated, but Katie leaned a little closer.
"Yes, honey, I'm hitting on you," she said, flashing her big smile.
Veronica's mouth opened. She was at a loss. She was accustomed to the forwardness of men, but a woman? As she struggled to comprehend this novelty, the allure of Katie's smile worked its magic. Veronica was disarmed by its genuine warmth and beauty.
"Have you ever been with a woman?" Katie asked.
Veronica gave a nervous laugh and looked away, blushing.
"It's okay, honey, you don't have to be shy with me," Katie said.
Still holding Veronica's hand, she began caressing the back of it with the fingertips of her free hand. Veronica looked at her hand clasped in Katie's and was surprised to find she did not want to pull away from this interesting and successful woman. Veronica thought she was quite attractive.
She squeezed Katie's hand warmly.
"No, but I've fantasized about it," Veronica said in a soft, uncertain voice.
"What did you fantasize?" Katie asked, leaning closer.
"I've thought about a woman going down on me," Veronica said.
"Oh?" Katie said, now clasping both hands around Veronica's. "Well, we're in luck. That's my favorite thing to do."
Veronica giggled and moved her calf up and down against Katie's leg. Katie was surprised by her coquettishness. She grew excited realizing the once intimidatingly-attractive blonde was an ingenue who Katie could mold into her new plaything.
"I've got a beautiful apartment close to here," Katie said and took a sip of her drink. "It has a balcony that's just private enough, and you would look so amazing standing on it in nothing but your sexy heels."
Then she teasingly ran the tip of her tongue back and forth along the rim of her glass while staring into Veronica's enormous, ice-blue eyes.
Veronica pulled her shoulders back and lifted her chin, accentuating her amazing breasts, as she imagined herself on her new friend's balcony, wearing nothing but her stiletto heels -- her legs spread as she enjoyed a wonderful new feeling between them.
Veronica felt something she hadn't felt in a long time filled with many men -- giddy anticipation.
Katie placed a hand on Veronica's leg and ran her nails gently up and down her thigh. She leaned very close to Veronica, almost whispering in her ear.
"Why don't you take a little walk with me out to my car," Katie said.
As she spoke she moved her index and middle fingers like a pair of legs walking up Veronica's thigh.
As the women approached Katie's car, Veronica eyed the shiny, new vehicle with admiration. Katie opened the door for her, admiring her sculpted, sexy legs as she climbed in the front seat.
Katie -- the once mousy, doubt-ridden little girl, now a sexy woman of supreme confidence -- gazed down the blonde's plunging neckline, savoring the idea that Veronica Adams' body would soon be hers to enjoy.
Katie closed the door and walked slowly around the car, pausing for a moment to look through the rear window at her prize sitting securely inside.
In the passenger's vanity mirror, Katie saw the reflection of Veronica's red lips as she applied a fresh coat of lipstick.