It was an ungodly hour, or at least it felt that way. Five AM. It'd been a damn long time since I'd been out of bed at this hour except for fishing or hunting. But here I was, standing in Walmart checking on complaints that one of my people wasn't fully stocking the soda rack at this particular store. I'd left the house at four, driven an hour to get here, just to look at the rack and see that yes, Jenna had only partially stocked the rack. I was disgusted. I treated my people well, gave them good benefits and pay. All I asked was that they give me an honest day's work in return.
The store hired my company as a contractor to supply and stock all the Pepsi products, but clearly Jenna was for some reason not doing the complete job. I was going to have to talk to her and find out just what was going on. I looked back down at my clipboard, marked off the last of the items still required to be stocked and turned to head out. That's when I saw them. Two thirty something year old women, one with a shoulder bag, her hand stuck in the bag and the other, dressed somewhat skimpily for the cool night, looking around nervously.
I have to admit that they had my attention. I began to wonder just what they were up to. Vandalism? Shop lifting? I watched their direction and slipped along down a parallel aisle, following them back toward the automotive and sporting goods department. They turned and headed up the paper products aisle while I held back, standing behind a rack of chips in the main aisle, watching them walk up past the paper towels and napkins.
The woman in the lead, about thirty three or four in my estimation, slowed and seemed to loiter, stepping from side to side on the aisle, looking at one item and then another, putting them all back after a brief examination. She wore tall high heels, a short black mini-skirt and a satin or silk tank top. I could see the two bumps from her nipples in the front of the shirt, which pushed out significantly from her chest by her obviously large breasts. The way her nipples moved and bounced slightly with even the smallest of her motions told me that her breasts, probably a good D cup or larger, were unrestrained under the top. I felt like I could even see the slightly darker ring of her areola through the thin material of the cream colored top.
The woman following her, slowed with her, holding her bag at her side, one hand down into the bag holding something. She wore a dark blue wrap around dress that came down to the middle of her thighs, blue high heels matching her dress as she looked around to see if they were being observed. I held still, able to easily see them up the aisle between the bags of chips on the rack, while remaining well concealed from their view.
The woman in front, stopped in the middle of the aisle, turned to face the second woman, and myself, her feet planted about a foot apart. She slid her hands from her thighs, up her body, sliding them over the black skirt to the hem of her blouse, and then continued to slide her hands upward, dragging the hem of the blouse with her wrists as her hands slid up her bare skin under the top. Higher and higher she slipped her hands, the material following behind, exposing more and more creamy white stomach as she lifted her hands. The shirt covered her hands as her palms slipped up over her breasts, covering the front and her nipples before continuing higher, the shirt following along. The creamy white of her breasts appeared under the bottom edge of her shirt, her hands still lifting higher, forcing the shirt up with them.
Within seconds she had her shirt up high enough to fully expose her breasts to the two of us, the material staying hooked above her breasts as she moved her hands down again, sliding her fingers sexily over each hard protruding nipple. Her fingers stroked up and down across them, bending them slightly as each finger bounced over the hard pink nubs. Her hands continued down, sliding down over her stomach, her tits still completely on display, until they had traveled all the way down to her thighs again.
I could feel my cock hardening in my pants as I stared at her big tits, each double D or larger breast wiggling slightly as she started to stroke up again, this time dragging her skirt up with her fingers.
"Oh yeah," I heard the woman in the blue dress say softly as the first woman pulled her skirt up, revealing a pair of tiny lacy purple panties. With a grin at her friend, she pushed her fingers down, leaving the black skirt around her waist and sliding them down into the tiny panties. Her hands pushed lower, forcing the panties down, the front first and then the rest of the panty, over her hips and ass, until she had extended her arms, revealing a completely shaved bare mound and pussy. Her full round lips pouted sexily with about a finger width worth of dark soft inner lip protruding into the gap between her slightly spread thighs.
"Show me," Was all the woman in blue said, prompting the first woman to slowly turn, her ass now pointed at us. She slowly bent over, pushing the panties down her still straight legs, letting them fall the last few inches from her fingers to around her ankles, her bare pussy now pushing out at us between her legs. One at a time she lifted her feet, stepping clear of the panties, leaving them lay on the tile floor as she set each foot down a bit farther apart than they started.
I could hear her moan slightly as she reached between her legs and stroked her own pussy several times, her middle finger slipping between her own pussy lips and spreading the obviously wet lips.
"Perfect." The woman in blue said after a few seconds of watching her stroke her pussy. "God that's so fucking hot. I wish I could just dive down into there."
"You could." The first woman said over her shoulder.
"Not yet, let's keep going."
"All the way?" The first woman asked.
"That was the dare." The woman in blue answered.
With a nod the first woman straightened up, and started walking toward the back aisle of the store, her bare ass swinging side to side sexily, her shirt falling back down over her of its own accord. She turned the corner at the end and the woman in blue followed, stopping only long enough to squat down and pick up the purple panties.
As soon as they disappeared around the end of the aisle I stepped from my hiding place and walked as quickly and silently as I could down the paper aisle, reaching the end quickly and peeking around the end to see where they had gone. The first woman was several aisles away, her skirt sliding down her legs as she walked, her shirt apparently already discarded. The woman following paused to pick up the skirt, adding it to the purple panties and white blouse already in her left hand. The first woman came to a pallet of dog food bags and turned around, sitting on the pallet and leaning back. She lifted her legs high in the air and reached between them, stroking her pussy in front of her friend as she spread her legs wide.
"Oh shit," I groaned softly, my cock straining at my pants now, threatening to burst the zipper open. As I stared at her, she tilted her head back and closed her eyes, her fingers stroking her pussy lips and periodically dipping between her lips or pushing deep into her own tunnel.
"Oh yeah. Perfect. So fucking hot." The woman in blue said softly, barely audible to me only a few dozen feet away.
As I watched her my own hand, almost of its own accord unzipped my pants and fished my rock hard cock out, slowly stroking it as I stared at the nude woman in front of me. The woman in the blue dress stepped to the side, taking her purse and setting it on a shelf about waist high, placing it carefully so one end of it pointed toward the nude woman on the dog food bags. She stepped toward the woman on the bags, undoing the belt of her dress as she did. I watched in shock and stimulation as she shrugged the blue dress off her shoulders, letting it fall to the floor around her feet, leaving her every bit as naked as the woman on the pallet of bags.
"OH fuck yes!" The woman on the bags moaned as the one that had been wearing the blue dress bent over, pushing her face between her legs. It didn't take much imagination to know what she was doing with her face buried between the other woman's spread legs, her own pussy pushing out between her legs at me as she bent over. Part of me wanted to just step over and push my rock hard cock into her.
I stood there, stroking my cock, getting more and more excited with each passing moment and each moan of pleasure from the woman on the dog food pallet. I guess I should have been more careful, but my lower head started thinking for me more than the one on my shoulders. I shuffled my feet slightly, trying to get a slightly better vantage point, and in the process bumped a stack of paper plates on the end of the aisle with my shoulder. My immediate reaction was to grab for the stack of plates, which made things all the worse. I leaned over too far and lost my balance, falling to the floor in the end aisle with the plates.
"OH SHIT!" One of the two squealed suddenly, the one that had been wearing the blue dress twisting around, one hand across her bare tits and the other covering her slightly hairy pussy. The one on the dog food bags quickly sat up and covered herself as well, trying to block my view of what I had already seen all too well.
"What are you doing?" the second woman said, squatting quickly to grab her dress and hold it over her exposed parts while I tried to pick myself up, my rock hard cock sticking out in full view of both of them.
"Um..." I said stupidly, not at all sure how to answer.
"Were you spying on us?" She asked in a loud whisper before looking around to see if the commotion had drawn the attention of any Walmart employees.
"Uh. Well. Um. Not at first," I mumbled, trying to tuck my cock back into my pants without looking down at what I was doing.
"Stop. Just leave it out." She hissed, dropping her hands that had been holding the dress up in front of her body.
"Bree?" The woman on the dog food bag questioned in a squeak.
"That was the dare, remember? If we got caught we had to keep going until you came." She said before stepping over toward me. "But if you're going to be here you damn well might as well participate, because I'm getting fucking horny as hell!" She took my hand and pulled me over to where the other woman was sitting on the dog food bags. She reached for my belt, my hands reaching to stop hers instinctively. "You don't expect us to be naked and you still completely dressed do you?" She asked as she worked her hands inside mine to undo the front of my pants. "The least you can do is let us see the whole thing."
"Uh. Yeah." I answered as she pulled the front of my pants apart, letting them slide down my legs and then working my briefs down and feeding my rock hard cock back through the hole in the front until she had them down to my knees.
"Much better." She said before turning back to her friend. "Well?"
"Yeah." Her friend said, laying back hesitantly. The woman standing in front of us bent over again, returning to licking and sucking the blond on the pallet. I stared as she licked up and down her slit over and over, teasing her lips apart and flicking her tongue across her clit.
"Don't just stand there, touch me or something." She said, taking a few moments from her work on her friend's pussy.
I shook my head slightly to draw my brain back to reality and reached a hand out to her back. I stroked her back several times, working closer to her ass and then running my hand over the smooth soft curve of her rear. I wasn't sure how far she really wanted me to go, but the wiggling of her ass seemed to indicate that she wanted more than what I was currently providing. I stroked my hand in circled around her ass and then started to let my fingers stroke not only on her bare bottom, but also across her exposed pussy lips where they pushed out behind her.
"Mmmmmmm." She responded as I stroked my fingers up and down her slit, slowly teasing my fingers between her lips, feeling the slick moisture of her excited pussy. Up and down I slid my fingers, stroking deeper and longer until I finally pushed one finger into her pussy, drawing another long deep moan from her. "Oh god fuck me." She moaned into her friend's pussy.
I probably shouldn't have, I mean in the middle of a store I had a contract with wasn't exactly smart, but at that moment I was thinking with my southern head instead of the one on my shoulders. I stepped directly behind her, grabbed my throbbing shaft and rubbed my head up and down between her wet lips. "Oh god." I groaned as the wetness of her lips caressed my head, her soft tender opening beckoning for me to push into her. I pushed my weight forward and felt my head spread her, sliding in only two or three inches. I pulled back a little and pushed again, sliding in further, more of my eight and a half inches pushing into her hot wet depths.
"Oh fuuuuuck." She groaned into her friend's pussy, her motions increasing as I pulled back and slid in again, this time not stopping until my thighs were against her bare ass. In and out I started to stroke, slowly at first, but then faster as my excitement overtook me. I reached to her big tits, leaning partially over her back to capture them. I squeezed in time with my strokes, her hard nipples pushing into my palms as I tried to contain their swinging mass.
"Oh god. Ohhhh fuck I'm cooooooming!" The woman on the dog food pallet cried loudly, her whole body shaking and trembling.
The woman I was plunging into lifted her head from between her friend's legs and moaned a long deep moan of pleasure. I felt her pussy contract around my cock, her legs starting to tremble as she spasmed.
"Oh fuck." I groaned as her squeezing pussy pushed me beyond any hope of holding back longer. My body jerked, jamming my cock hard into her, nearly knocking her over onto her still twitching friend. Surge after surge of cum lanced out into her pussy as my body jerked and spasmed behind her. I was still standing, panting, my cock twitching in her pussy as she abruptly pulled off my cock and turned to look at me. Without a word she pushed past me, picked up her dress and her friend's clothes, which she tossed to her friend on the dog food. In moments she was pulling her dress on again, covering her sexy nakedness.
"Thanks!" she said with a quick peck on my lips, turning to pick up her purse before the two of them, the blond still only half dressed, headed down the aisle and then out of sight. I pulled my pants back up bucked up my belt and then headed down the aisle they had disappeared down. I looked but they had long since disappeared. I shook my head and headed out of the store to my car.