This story started life on the Story Ideas board with a post by sirhugs, I threw in an idea and encouraged by sirhugs and Carnevil9 I've turned it into a full story, here it is...
*****
Suzy is almost in tears as the manager of the zoo continues to lay bare to the staff the realities of the COVID lockdown. So many of her friends from other areas of the zoo are already crying as they begin filing out of the crowded cafeteria, their jobs already gone.
The manager made it clear there is no possibility of visitors for the foreseeable future and as a result, all non-essential staff were to go home. After a time only twenty or so staff remained in the cafeteria, managers and specialist animal keepers who knew how to care for the animals that would remain in the zoo.
As the room quietens once more the manager begins to speak. "As there will be little to manage, it is decided that the management will now work from home. What the zoo needs now is a few dedicated people who are prepared to isolate here with the animals, to reduce the risk of infection to you and to the animals. So," he looked around, "I'd like some volunteers, obviously, it would suit those of you who are single and without dependants."
They started to look around at each other, Suzy tentatively raised her hand, "Thanks Suzy," the manager called, a few other people started to follow.
"We'll only be a phone call or an email away and will assist with what we can, supplies and the like. I'm going to leave Suzy in charge," she looked up surprised, "she'll co-ordinate the day to day. I think that's eight of you," he scanned the raised hands. "Do you think that will cover it Suzy?"
Gulping she started to look around and the volunteers, a few older men, but she was glad to see her friend Kim had volunteered, and so surprisingly had Jimmy. Kim was a similar age to Suzy, they had both just passed forty but could pass for thirty five. Jimmy on the other hand was about twenty Suzy guessed, he'd been at the Zoo a year or so but she didn't really know him that well.
"Yeah, I think so," she said slightly nervously.
The rest of the staff started to get up and leave, soon there was just Suzy and her small team, the manager walked up to them. "Well, good luck everybody. I'll be here for the next couple of days. I suggest at the end of today you go home and pack and tomorrow we'll seal the zoo off. I'll sort the keys for the holiday chalets and you can set yourselves up in there."
The first week or so of the lockdown passed easily enough but Suzy was becoming increasingly worried. She knew the zoo was struggling as it was, but her conversations with the manager as they did the final preparations really laid it bare.
She was doing her best to keep everyone's spirits up and there was a good atmosphere amongst the keepers. On her rounds she caught up with Jimmy as he was tending to the Pandas. The zoo had two Giant Pandas, PowPow, the male and MuMu the female.
Jimmy was just finishing up and loading his equipment back into a wheelbarrow, "How are they doing Jimmy?"
"Yeah, they seem pretty happy," he replied. Suzy had never really paid Jimmy much attention but in the last couple of days she had got to know him a bit better. He was tall and slim, with dark hair and youthful face. He'd recently been through a bad breakup and that was the reason for deciding to stay at the zoo.
"I've never done much work with Pandas, weren't we supposed to be trying to breed them?" she asked.
"Yeah, but it's not easy, these two have been together a couple of years and no sign of any action." He looked away slightly embarrassed as he said it.
"Do you know why that is?"
"I don't know, Geoff was the real Panda expert but he had to go because of his wife, otherwise I'm sure he'd still be here."
Suzy carried on with her rounds checking in on the other keepers but she couldn't stop thinking about Jimmy and his awkwardness. It really was kind of cute.
The following morning Suzy made a beeline straight for the Panda enclosure to be sure to catch Jimmy as he began his work. "Morning Jimmy," she called, "I've been having a think about our breeding programme." Suzy hadn't planned the way the question came out but, intentional or not, Jimmy looked kind of shocked and that made her smile.
"I meant the Pandas," she went on, nervously tucking her blond hair behind her ear, she enjoyed the slight discomfort in his expression. She flashed a smile, this was silly, an older woman like her playing coy.
"Oh, I see," Jimmy stuttered.
"I've been reading up on it, part of the problem is what they call 'Behavioural Competence', what it is, is that some Pandas just don't know how to do it. Some zoo's have resorted to Panda Porn to try and help them understand, you know, what they need to do."
"Panda porn?" Jimmy asked quizzically.
"Yeah, so they can see what they're supposed to do. If PowPow here's never had a go it might be because he just doesn't understand how he's supposed to, you know, get it on." As she said it she did a laughable little hip thrust and burst out laughing.
"But seriously," she went on, "I think it's just what the zoo needs, a Panda cub could save us."
"How are we supposed to make Panda porn, it sounds pretty niche."
"I think we'll have to improvise. Didn't the tour guides used to have some Panda outfits?"
The following morning Suzy is back at the Panda house pushing a wheelbarrow it contains a pile of fur and two large Panda heads. She spots Jimmy finishing up in the enclosure ensuring the pile of bamboo is out by the large glass viewing area. "See, I told you they had Panda outfits."
It was a warm spring day and Suzy was already in just her shorts and shirt, Jimmy was similarly dressed. Taking the barrow into the store alongside the enclosure she put the heads on one side, "I think it's going to be pretty warm in these," she said lifting up the suits. Comparing them she offered the largest one to Jimmy who took it and started to climb into the legs.
"Are you going to keep all that on," she said, starting to unbutton her shirt. "I'm stripping off a bit first."
Jimmy watch transfixed for a moment with the Panda suit half way up his legs as Suzy stripped to her underwear. A mismatched set of black cotton panties and a white lacy bra, he couldn't help but admire her body. She started to dress in her Panda suit and he realised he was frozen. He awkwardly stepped out of the suit again before stripping off his t-shirt, as he unbuttoned his shorts he realised the sight of Suzy's body had caused him to swell a little. He tried to cover himself up as he pulled the Panda suit back on.
Suzy now almost fully dressed turned her back to him, "Zip me up would you." Jimmy obliged admiring her smooth pale skin as he zipped her into the dark fur. He turned around and she returned the favour. "Right, now the heads she said," lifting them up. Once they were on it was difficult to see and she stumbled into him as they made their way back out of the store.
Jimmy's Panda suit was still too short for his frame and his legs and arms stuck awkwardly out of it as they stood in front of the glass. PowPow and MuMu sat obliviously munching their way through some bamboo.
"Now what," called Jimmy.
"Well, let's make some Panda porn. Here," she knelt down pushing her behind in his direction, "mount me Jimmy."
She swayed suggestively and Jimmy lowered himself down and took hold of her hips, hesitantly he pushed his groin towards her. Even though he could barely see Suzy through the Panda head, and she was covered in fur the image of her in her underwear was still with him. His cock swelled and he tried to angle his hips not wanting to press his growing erection against her.
Suzy had other ideas however and pressed her hips back, feeling the swelling against her arse, she rubbed a little for good measure, "Don't just stay there Jimmy, mate with me!"
Jimmy started to move against her, soon his cock found the groove between her cheeks and gripping her hips tighter he began to hump her awkwardly. "That's it Jimmy," Suzy called out, "show them how it's done." The feel of his cock sliding against her through the fur was making her mind run wild, Jimmy was young but she badly needed some action.
They mated for several minutes but neither real Panda showed even the slightest bit of interest.
"Right Jimmy, I think that's enough Panda porn for today," She stood up and faced him, pushing him in the chest she backed him up towards the store. Once inside she pulled off her Panda head and threw it to one side. She grabbed him by the cock, "Now I need a real fuck."
Jimmy looked dumbfounded but Suzy wasted no time she turned and Jimmy unzipped her, she shrugged the suit off, her entire body was glistening with sweat. In just her underwear she lifted Jimmy's Panda head off and unzipped him. He stripped down too, his cock still straining against his shorts, precum sweeping through. Suzy stripped his shorts down springing his rampant cock free.
She admired it for a moment before taking it in hand, Jimmy jumped momentarily at her touch but soon relaxed and reached forward for her breasts. "Just fuck me Jimmy," she pulled her own panties down and jumped up onto the counter, she spread her legs inviting him in. Her pussy glistened, grabbing his cock she guided him in, he didn't need further encouragement and he pushed firmly into her.
As he started to move into her Suzy reached up and unfastened her bra, letting her breasts spring free, Jimmy watched mesmerised as they bounced with every thrust. Suzy hadn't realised how badly she need this, or how aroused she already was, her orgasm came as a shock to her and even more of a shock to Jimmy. She cried out as her legs spasmed, Jimmy pulled back but no sooner had he done so he felt his own orgasm approach. Taking his cock in hand he gave it the extra few pumps it needed and then it went off like a volcano, hot ropes pulsed out all over Suzy's sweat covered body. Some hit her in the face, some went over her shoulder but most landed on her breasts.
Jimmy backed up a little, his cock still in his hand, "I'm sorry, um, really I am, I didn't mean to do that."
"What do you mean," Suzy said with a big smile on her face, "you've got nothing to be sorry for." With that she scooped some of the cum that had landed on her breasts and brought it to her mouth with her finger. Licking her finger and then her lips, she jumped down from the counter, "I think tomorrow we'll take Panda porn to the next level."
She quickly redressed before leaving the storeroom, she left the Panda heads but took the suits away with her.
The following morning Suzy and Jimmy met up in the storeroom. As before Jimmy had laid out the Pandas bamboo by the glass viewing platform and they were already out and eating. Jimmy quickly stripped down to his shorts ready to put the suit on, but Suzy held it back from him, "And the rest, Jimmy boy," she motioned to his shorts.
He stripped them off too and she passed him his suit and as he pulled it up onto his shoulders Suzy stepped in close to him. With one hand she ran the zipper up his back and with the other hand reached in and pulled his cock and balls through the cut out she had made. His cock leapt at her touch and she gave a couple of playful tugs before stepping back.
He stood there in a full furry body suit, black with white patches with just his pink cock and balls poking out. "There's more," Suzy announced as she stripped herself naked before pulling on her suit. She offered up her back and Jimmy zipped her in, but as he did she opened the flap that she had fashioned in her own suit revealing a glimpse of her pale arse.
"Now were going to make Panda porn real," she pushed her bare skin against his cock before fastening her flap back up. "Now you're going to need to be ready," she said and with that she sank to her knees in front of him.
Jimmy looked down at her smiling face as she started to stroke his cock, within moments it was almost fully hard and her tongue flicked out at the swelling tip. She continued to stroke with her hand as she took the head into her mouth, Jimmy gasped as she took him deeper, he'd had blow jobs before but Suzy really seemed to know what she was doing. Soon she dropped her hands to his hips and just left her mouth to do the work, taking him deeper and deeper, Jimmy couldn't believe the sensations as his cock pushed into the back of her throat.
She released him, tendrils of saliva fell away between her mouth and his cock, "That ought to do it," she gasped, "now quick put your head on." She grabbed her own Panda head and put it on as she walked out the door. Still in a state of shock Jimmy grabbed his head and put it on, his cock leading the way as he followed her to the viewing area.
Although it was hard to see out of the Panda heads, Jimmy didn't need much help seeing Suzy knelt down on the ground, the flap of her furry suit already open showing the glimpse of pale flesh within. He knelt down behind her and took hold of her hip with one hand as he guided his saliva covered cock into pussy with the other, she was already wet and eager for him, she pushed back as keenly as he drove in. Suzy stifled a gasp as he filled her up, Jimmy needed no encouragement today, he was soon ploughing furiously into her, momentary glances of pink flesh between their dark furry bodies.
Jimmy's eager fucking and the sensation of her breasts swinging freely within the furry suit drove Suzy wild. The nipples rubbed back and forth against the material causing them the stiffen and this only heightened their sensitivity. Suzy knew she was going to cum and had to bight her lower lip to stop herself from screaming out as her orgasm came over her. She didn't want to disturb the Pandas after all.
Her orgasm was all the prompting Jimmy needed and he drove deeply into her before unloading his hot cum inside her, he held her hips and rode out the last quivers of her own ecstasy.
Suzy and Jimmy continued to fuck in front of the Panda enclosure for the next week, it wasn't always the same. Some days they drove each other to the edge before going out to the viewing area, other days they used the Panda performance as foreplay before returning to the store and stripping down. Jimmy learnt a great deal in that first week but despite their best efforts PowPow showed not the slightest bit of interest and just sat chewing his bamboo.
The other keepers had heard about Suzy's plan to try and get the Pandas to mate and that she was trying to encourage mating behaviour. One day the next week Kim decided to swing by and see for herself.
Kim rounded the corner into the viewing area and could see Jimmy from behind as they were dressed up, mating. Jimmy's long legs stuck out of the bottom of the Panda suit, she was impressed, he was really going for it.
She continued to watch for a few minutes and was about to shout across, some sort of encouragement or perhaps a round of applause. She held back and when they disengaged Kim was sure she saw a flash of skin at the back of Suzy's suit. However, it was only when Suzy grabbed Jimmy's hand and led him back towards the store that Kim could see his rampant cock clearly sticking out the front of the furry suit.
Kim ducked back out of sight, she couldn't believe it, her friend Suzy really was fucking for the Pandas. She decided to wait and confront her.
It was a good twenty minutes before Suzy emerged from the store, Kim had crept a little closer and knew full well that she'd made the most of the time as well. It had only been a couple of minutes since the last screaming orgasm and Suzy was still flushed as she walked out the door and straight into Kim.
Suzy look dumbfounded, "We need to have a little talk," said Kim, taking her friend by the hand.
"I can explain," Suzy began, "it didn't start out like this."
"I don't care how it started, all I want to know is how to I get in?"
Suzy looked shocked, but then it didn't surprise her, if anything she knew this sort of behaviour was more like Kim than her. She was just enjoying being the wild one for once. "You want to go with Jimmy?"
"Fucking hell Suze, if he's half as good as the last twenty minutes suggest, then hell yes! I want a go. All the other cocks left in this zoo are nearer ninety than twenty... I've tried a few but I just can't make 'em work." Both women looked at each other and burst into fits of giggles.
"I've got an idea," said Suzy with a glint in her eye, "I think there's another Panda outfit still in the store."
The following day Suzy meets Jimi and usual in the store after he's finished sorting out the Pandas. As usual they strip down before dressing up in their furry suits. The act already has Jimmy going in a kind of Pavlovian response, he quickly popped his semi hard cock out through his suit.
Suzy drops to her knees and takes him in her mouth wanting to make sure he's good and hard. Jimmy closes his eyes enjoying the sensations as Suzy wraps her tongue around his stiffening cock. Suddenly he hears a noise and his eyes snap open, he could have sworn he heard movement behind some boxes in the store.
He started to look but sensing his movement Suzy swallowed him down as deeply as she could causing him to gasp out loud and his eyes to roll back in his head. After a few moments Jimmy called out, "Woah, steady," pulling his cock free from her gaping mouth, "you're gonna make me cum right here in the store."
He guided her up to her feet before turning her round and bending her over the counter. Popping the flap open in her suit he took in an eyeful of her pussy before diving in, running his tongue up and down before flicking it across her clit. Suzy began to pant loudly and this only spurred Jimmy on, "Come, on Jimmy let's go outside," she said between gasps but Jimmy kept going until she finally surrendered and came for him rocking herself against his face.
Standing up with a proud look on his face Jimmy grabbed his Panda head and put it on, Suzy was still bent over the counter recovering. She turned her head and looked into the corner before standing up and grabbing her own head, "Let's go," she said still sounding slightly out of breath, as they reached the viewing area, Suzy turned back towards the store, "Just a sec," she called before running back inside.
Jimmy stood slightly awkwardly on his own in front of the Pandas glass window, his erection standing proud out the front of his suit.
Inside the store Suzy took the Panda head off as Kim emerged from behind the boxes in her own suit. "Shit," Suzy said, "I didn't expect him to do that. He's going to expect to be able to slam that cock right in there."
"Don't worry Suze," said Kim stepping out of the shadows. She brought her fingers up to her face and they glistened with moisture. "That was quite a show you two put on, I nearly got myself there just watching."
"Quick get your head on he'll be wondering where I am," said Suzy helping Kim with her own Panda head. Kim quickly rushed out the door.
Kim ran towards Jimmy giving his cock a playful tweak as she knelt down before him offering herself up. Jimmy got straight to it grabbing a handful of fur fabric above the cut out and lining himself up as best he could through the head's limited visibility, he drove straight in all the way.
Kim gasped loudly at the sudden invasion, Jimmy hesitated a moment but then began thrusting unknowingly into Kim's pussy. It had been months since she'd had a decent fuck and feeling Jimmy's young cock ploughing into her Kim began to moan enthusiastically.
Jimmy was surprised as Suzy was usually careful to not to be too vocal in front of the Pandas but today this only encouraged him further. Kim continued to vocalise her gasps and groans coinciding with every thrust, Jimmy was beginning to worry about not only disturbing the Pandas, but the rest of the zoo as well.
Suddenly there was another much deeper and more animalistic groan, Jimmy looked across and through the glass could see PowPow mounted on MuMu mirroring Jimmy's enthusiastic fucking.
"Look," shouted Jimmy, "it's working!"
In that instant Kim tried to turn her head to look, but in the rush to get out the door it wasn't fastened fully and her head fell off. It bounced across the floor and as Jimmy turned to look he realised it wasn't Suzy blond hair but Kim's dark hair, he pulled away, his cock sliding out and hanging there in mid-air.
"Well don't fucking stop now," Kim cried looking back at Jimmy.
Jimmy didn't need a second invitation and slammed his cock back in, Kim let out a wild scream as Jimmy started driving his cock back into her. Suzy who had been watching the scene unfold whilst fingering herself towards another orgasm from the storeroom door rushed out.
She knelt down next to Jimmy, first looking at the real Pandas, "Isn't in wonderful," she said before turning to look at Jimmy's glistening cock sliding into her friends pussy. Kim continued to scream and Suzy was about to continue her own ministrations when she felt Jimmy's fingers reach into her. They quickly probed deeply, Jimmy ensuring they were slick before rubbing them across her clit, Suzy leant against him with her body before she lost her balance.
It almost seemed as if Kim and Suzy came together although neither was touching the other. Jimmy would surely have come too but as one of the most powerful orgasms she's experienced in a long time overtook her, Kim collapsed forward sliding off his cock as she did so.
Conscious that she had left Jimmy hanging, Kim rolled over and sat up in front of him, she reached behind and tugged the zipper down. She stripped the furry suit off the top half of her body exposing her breasts, her chest still flushed from her orgasm. She squeezed her breasts together, "Come on Jimmy, give it to me, I want it all over." She licked her lips for extra emphasis.
Jimmy was about to reach for his cock when he felt another hand grasp it. Suzy was knelt in close behind him, her furry body pressed against his. It felt like a rod of iron in her grasp and Suzy worked it back and forth, with Suzy's expert hand and Kim's eager face it took no time at all and Jimmy let out his loudest roar and cum spurted forth.
Rope after rope of hot cum flew splashing across Kim's face and body as Suzy continued to pump him. "That's it Jimmy," said Suzy, "let her have it."
As his orgasm subsided Suzy took off Jimmy's panda head, sweat was streaming down his face. Only now could he see Kim clearly as she sat there massaging his cum into her breasts.
"That's it Jimmy, we've done it." Suzy said as they all looked into the Panda enclosure, PowPow was just climbing down off MuMu and the pair of the went back to eating their bamboo.
Suzy hugged Jimmy and kissed his face. All three of continued to look into the Panda enclosure at what they hoped would be the zoo's first Panda parents.
Later that night, tucked up in his chalet bed Jimmy was in that hazy place between sleep waking, when he suddenly had the feeling he wasn't alone. Soon he was aware of two Pandas either side of his bed, only these weren't like any Pandas he'd seen before. Their big heads and wide eyes were there alright but from the neck down they were completely bald. As Jimmy started to come round it was clear these Pandas had women's bodies, full breasts and long legs.
Each one lifted a knee up onto his bed and climbed towards him, "Don't worry Jimmy," the Panda on the left said with what sounded like Kim's voice. "For the rest of this lockdown we're going to make all your dreams come true."