One Friday morning after I'd been with The Company for about 5 years, I stepped out of my office and happened to catch my boss in the hallway on her way to get coffee. I'd been meaning to sit down and talk with her but hadn't had the time, or the courage if we're being honest.
I'd been in my current position almost 2 years and had spent the last year absolutely hating it. I'd given it a good run, but it was just not for me. Sure, there were some things about my job I loved, things I was good at, great at in fact, but those things were not my main job, and I did not enjoy my main job, nor did I feel that I was good at it.
On top of all that, I was the one my boss trusted the most, so I was constantly being asked to take on more responsibility. I say asked as if I had a choice but you and I both know, I didn't. Funny enough, that was the work I enjoyed doing more than my own regular duties. But I wasn't being paid any extra for the extra responsibility or the extra stress, and I was tired. I hadn't even had much of a sex drive lately, and that was just not like me.
I'd been looking for internal job postings but none had gone up for weeks. I was almost at the end of my rope, so I finally gathered the courage to talk to my boss.
"Hey Cate, do you have some time to talk?" I asked as soon as I saw her, before I could stop myself.
Not only was Cate intimidatingly gorgeous at 5' 11" with tan skin, wavy blonde hair and green eyes, she was brilliant. She had multiple degrees in finance and business administration and was one of the most sophisticated and classy women I'd ever met. Having a one-on-one conversation with her about this scared the shit out of me, so when I saw her I didn't give myself the chance to think twice about it.
"Sure Lila," she replied, touching my arm. "Is everything ok?"
"Oh sure, just let me know when you can talk, ok?"
"Ok, just give me a minute."
"No problem."
She stepped into Richard's office right across the hall from mine and closed the door. My heart was pounding and my hands were shaking. I took a couple of deep breaths to calm myself down and went back into my office, completely forgetting whatever task it was that I'd gotten up to complete.
I sat at my desk and tried to work, but I couldn't concentrate on anything. I kept rehearsing versions of the conversation I was about to have in my head, going over the different ways it could go.
It felt like an eternity had passed by the time Cate finally came out of Richard's office, laughing as she emerged and thanking him.
At least she seems to be in a good mood.
I looked at the clock and realized it had actually only been about 5 minutes. My anxiety made time seem to slow down, which was agonizing.
"Sorry about that," Cate said as she came into my office and sat down in one of the guest chairs in front of my desk. "What's up? How are you?"
"Uh..." I hesitated, glancing at the open door.
Taking my cue, she leaned back and lifted the door stop, allowing the heavy door to close. "What's going on?"
I exhaled slowly. "Ok. The thing is, I have taken on a lot of responsibility over the last 2 years. And a lot of stress. And, well..." I hesitated again, taking another deep breath.
"Am I really that scary?" Cate asked seriously. "Well, I guess I need to do some self reflection."
I broke out in nervous laughter. "No! Not at all! Sorry..." I giggled again. "No. It's just that, I don't think this job is for me anymore. But I love The Company and don't want to look elsewhere. I just haven't seen any openings for any other departments recently."
Cate sat back in her chair and raised her hand to her face, touching her thumb and forefinger to her chin. "Ok. I hear you. You are one of the most dedicated and hardworking employees we have. And your job is known for being quite stressful. You put in quite a bit of overtime every week making sure the ball doesn't get dropped and trust me, I see that." She paused, narrowing her eyes while she thought. "We definitely would not want to lose you."
Suddenly my eyes welled up and I burst into tears, completely unexpectedly both to me and to Cate. I was mortified. I could not believe I had just become the woman who cries in front of her boss.
"Sweetie! What's wrong?" Cate jumped out of her chair and came around to my side of the desk, putting her arms around me. "You can tell me."
"I'm miserable," I confessed. "This job is too much for me, for too little pay. I'm anxious all the time. Sometimes I feel a heaviness in my chest, and I've been having panic attacks..."
All of a sudden the floodgates opened and I started to totally unload. I told Cateeverything, every last detail. I reminded her that when our files had been audited earlier that year I spent hours doing research to prepare, ended up finding an extreme amount of errors, and then spent more hours fixing the errors. I'd worked until 3 in the morning a couple of nights to make sure the files were ready before the audit was due to begin and was in the office again the next day no later than 9am. I gave her other examples of how overworked I felt as well.
I also told her the parts about my job that I love, and how I wish I could do more work like that, exclusively. I told her that I would love to find a job doing some kind of research and data tracking, possibly even quality assurance; I thought it was what I was best at. I told her that part of the reason I was so good at those parts of my job was because I was a perfectionist; in fact I was spending so much time at work, staying late and going in early to make sure things are done right and that everything was running smoothly, that I had barely had time to keep my house clean and that my one Friday night glass of wine had turned into a glass of wine or two every night.
I stopped talking abruptly, afraid I had confessed too much. Cate rubbed my back but remained silent for a moment while my crying eased from sobs to hiccups and sniffles.
"I'm so sorry, Lila," Cate said after a long moment. "I had no idea you were having this hard of a time. You always seem to be so positive and upbeat. We've got to do something about this."
"Yeah," I agreed softly as I sniffled. I grabbed a tissue and wiped my nose.
Cate thought for another minute. "I have an idea, but it's not just up to me, ok?" she finally said softly, turning to look at me. "Let me see what I can do and I'll get back to you."
I nodded, unable to look her in the eye. I grabbed another tissue and dabbed at my eyes, clearing my throat and sitting up straight with my fingers poised over the keyboard as if I was about to go straight back to work.
"Hang in there, sweetie. It's all going to be ok, I promise," she said as she rubbed my back again. "I'm going to do everything I can to make this better for you."
I couldn't speak over the lump in my throat so after a moment of silence, Cate patted my shoulder and walked out of the room, sensitively closing the door behind her.
As soon as the door clicked shut I lost my composure, slumping over my desk and breathing shallowly for a moment, tears silently streaming down my face. Finally I took a deep breath and sat back up, pulling myself together. I resumed my fake typing pose from before, but this time I really started typing.
I found myself opening up a new tab on Chrome and navigating to a job search website. Even though I told Cate I didn't want to leave The Company, I didn't feel like I had much choice at this point. I was falling apart, and there wasn't anything else open at The Company. I started clicking through the job postings, seeing if any matched my qualifications.
Every time someone walked past my office I quickly clicked away from the site. My stomach was in knots, churning with anxiety. I didn't want to be caught looking for another job, but I was afraid I'd put my current position in jeopardy by telling Cate how unhappy I was. I figured I'd better be proactive and see what was out there. Not like I could concentrate on my work anyway.
After I browsed through job openings for a while, completely zoned out, I started Googling whether a person could get fired for telling her boss she was unhappy or that she was looking for another job. This led to me clicking link after link about employment law, finding different websites about the laws in different states, and before I knew it I'd been so distracted reading about my rights as an employee that several hours had passed and I hadn't accomplished a single thing.
***
The weekend was relaxing and fortunately I was able to keep my mind occupied so I wouldn't think about work. I did some projects around the house that I'd been meaning to get done and finally finished the book that had been lingering on my nightstand. I got a couple good nights' sleep and I'd even had sex. Really hot sex, complete with multiple orgasms.
In short, it was a good weekend.
By Monday I was feeling much better, and my nerves had seemed to work themselves out. I said good morning and smiled at my coworkers as I walked down the hall to get my morning coffee. I even chatted with a few of them as I filled my cup and poured my cream, which had become increasingly unlike me the past couple of years.
I sat down at my desk and resolved to catch up on all of the work that I hadn't finished on Friday. Pulling up several spreadsheets and word documents, I started opening up emails one by one and either addressing them or filing them away as FYI.
The task was not as straightforward as it sounds, as I was interrupted by phone calls every 5 to 10 minutes, and by the time I had cleared out 40 emails my stomach was growling. I looked at the clock and realized that it was noon. Cate still hadn't come by so I decided to go to lunch. I called Summer to see if she wanted to go across the street with me to grab a salad at our favorite local cafe. We arranged to meet in 5 minutes.
Summer was a friend of mine from college and also happened to work at The Company. She was hired as the receptionist and, like all good receptionists who had come before her, was quickly promoted. She now had some very important executive job that she didn't ever talk about in detail, but her office was pretty swank and she didn't mind showing it off.
I took the elevator to the tenth floor where her office was, gazing out the glass wall at the gorgeous view of the mountains on the way up. I only took a few steps towards her office before she came charging down the hall.
"I'm starving! Let's go!" she announced as she breezed past me towards the elevators.
If her office hadn't been on the tenth floor, there was no way she'd even consider taking the elevator. Summer was a slip of a thing, one of those naturally fit, energetic, athletic type of girls with petite bones. Her wrists were like a child's and her fingers were so small she had to have her rings custom made.
She was beautiful, like a porcelain doll. She was shorter than me at barely 5' and probably didn't weigh more than 100 lbs soaking wet, but her loud personality made up for her small stature. Her signature deep auburn hair was always cut in some trendy hairstyle that she was constantly updating and complemented her fair complexion beautifully. Her makeup was minimal and served only to highlight her natural beauty, with mascara to define her brown doe eyes and a little bit of powder on her little upturned Judy Garland nose. She wore nothing but chapstick on her naturally pink lips, keeping them soft and supple.
I totally had a crush on her. As far as I knew, though, she was completely straight, save for one night we shared in college that we only talked about when we got drunk and nostalgic together.
I followed her into the elevator. She had a look of determination on her face. She was not to be stopped when she was hungry. We rode the elevator in silence and then hurried out the front door and onto the sidewalk.
"How's your day going?" I asked as we walked in the direction of the cafe.
"Great! Finished up a project today."
"Nice, congratulations."
"Thanks," she replied with a grin plastered across her face. "Now to replenish my resources. I worked up quite an appetite working on this project. How's your day?"
"Pretty good, actually. Nothing too crazy has happened. Playing catch up today. Friday was, well, kind of a disaster."
We walked up to the cafe and saw that our favorite table was open so I quickly claimed it while Summer caught the waitress's attention. When she finally sat down she had a look of concern on her face.
"So what happened on Friday?"
"Well..." I hesitated, nervously playing with a packet of sugar. "I kind of went off on Cate."
Her perfectly groomed eyebrow rose. "What do you mean you went off on her?"
"I mean, I told her everything. All of my unhappiness. I unloaded on her. I cried."
"Oh, man."
"Yeah." I stared down at the packet of sugar in my hands in silence.
We remained silent as the waitress brought us waters and straws and took our orders. Once I stuck my straw in my water and took a sip, I picked up the straw wrapper and started tying it in knots as I spoke.
"I basically told her I have too much responsibility and don't get paid enough. I told her I can't do my job anymore. I told her about my panic attacks. I think I told her too much. I don't know if I'll even still have a job soon."
"I don't think they can fire you for that," Summer replied reassuringly.
"I hope not. Cate did say she didn't want to lose me."
"What else did she say?"
"Well," I hesitated but I wasn't sure why. I felt like maybe I shouldn't be talking about this, but I trusted Summer so I continued. "She said she had an idea but that it wasn't completely up to her and she'd get back to me. I haven't heard from her yet though."
"Really," Summer replied thoughtfully with what seemed like a knowing look on her face. "That sounds really interesting. You'll have to let me know what she says."
"I will, don't worry."
The rest of lunch we talked about Summer's latest issue with her boyfriend and I did my best to not think about what Cate was going to have to say when she finally got back to me.
***
Right before 5 Cate called my desk extension and asked me to come into her office.Really? Now? I just want to go home. I hope she has something good.I got up and walked down the hall to her corner office. When I walked in she asked me to close the door behind me.
"Sorry to catch you right at 5 before going home for the day," she started off as I sat down in one of the chairs across from her large wooden desk.
"Oh, that's OK!" I said way too enthusiastically. I was exhausted and wanted to get this over with so I could leave.
"I'm sure you've had a long day, so let's get straight to business. I have an offer for you," Cate was unable to suppress her smile. "It's a promotion that comes with a significant increase in salary, a bigger, corner office with a view, and you will find the work much more enjoyable. Trust me."
Tears of happiness sprang to my eyes and before I could stop myself I was crying in front of my boss for the second time in less than a week. My mind was spinning with all of the problems that were about to be solved.
"Oh my god," I said quietly to myself, looking down at my hands in my lap. I looked up and straight into Cate's green eyes. "Are you serious?"
"Very," Cate assured with a warm smile. "Your new title will be Executive Assistant. You will be moving over to the Executive department and will no longer report to Finance. You will not have to deal with any more clients or worry about fixing anymore mistakes, and I will still be your direct manager. If you accept the offer, we'd like you to start tomorrow."
"Oh, wow, I can do that. But what about all of my pending work? I don't think I could just leave it."
"You leave that to me, I'll take care of it."
"Ok, great!" I couldn't believe I was going to be finished with this job so much sooner than I had imagined. "You mentioned an increase in salary, can we talk about that more?" I asked cautiously.
"No problem. Here is your new figure, should you be interested in accepting the job."
Cate tore a piece of paper from the pad on her desk, wrote a number on it, and slid it across the desk to me. It was such a large number I had to read it several times to be sure I was seeing it correctly.Holy shit.It was nearly 3 times my current salary.
"Wow," I said quietly, my excitement growing; the relief to have my financial worries solved was overwhelming, but a new anxiety started to work its way into my stomach as something else occurred to me. "This is... it looks... absolutely amazing, but I'm confused. I haven't seen any openings lately, especially not for any type of Executive Assistant position."
There was a coy expression on Cate's face. It was like she was hiding a secret and I waited for the other shoe to drop.
"Well, this isn't a position we advertise. We are very selective of who we offer these positions to, as I'm sure you can tell by the salary that comes with it."
"In that case, I can't help but ask..." I hesitated to ask the question, then took a deep breath to steady my nerves. "Why me? I mean, I know I asked you for help, but this is so much more than I was expecting. Don't get me wrong, I appreciate it so much, I was just not expecting this huge of a change."
"Well, for one, I think you deserve a break. Your speech last week was quite convincing and I hated to see you hurting that way. Secondly, you are perfect for this position. Your qualifications are exactly what we are looking for, and we've recently had a vacancy."
"Thank you, Cate. I'm honored," I thought a moment more, my mind working in overdrive. "Which qualifications are those, exactly? Can you give me an idea of what I'll be doing?"
"I thought you'd never ask," Cate replied, her tone changing but the smile still playing at her lips.
"You need to know, there is a catch. You must be in full agreement before we can move forward."
Suddenly my euphoric fantasies of cleaning out my office and leaving this job in the dust came crashing down around me.Of course there's a catch. I knew this sounded too good to be true.I took a deep breath.
"What's the catch?" The butterflies in my stomach were back in full force.
"Lila, I like you, so I'm going to be straightforward with you. This stays strictly between us." Cate leaned forward in her chair, her face serious.
"I understand completely," I agreed, nodding.
"Great. Just to have that documented, I need you to sign this."
She slid another piece of paper across the table towards me. I looked at the page and saw Non-Disclosure Agreement written across the top. The document was already prepared with today's date, The Company's name, and my name.
What the hell is this about? Is she going to ask me to break the law?My face remained confident but my insides were in turmoil. My hands trembled as I turned the top page over, betraying my nerves.
"It's nothing you can get in trouble for, Lila," Cate said as if reading my mind. "NDAs simply protect The Company's proprietary information."
I exhaled the breath I didn't realize I'd been holding and nodded. I signed the line that read Recipient: Lila Aragon. Cate reached for the page and signed her line; Owner: Cate Armstrong, on behalf of The Company. As she set the pen down she began to speak again.
"First, this position comes with a much more strict dress code. You will be required to wear skirt suits with short skirts or a separate skirt, again short, with a nice blouse and a blazer. You will also be required to wear top tier lingerie every day, including a bra or bustier and garter belts with thigh high stockings. Panties are optional but must match the rest of your underwear."
"Alright," I said, nodding, wondering where this was going but keeping my mind open.
"Good. Secondly, as I mentioned, this position comes with an office which will be housed inside the corporate headquarters building next door. Your office will be in the Executive Wing on the tenth floor. Beneath your desk a webcam will be mounted pointing towards your chair." Cate paused intently, watching for my response. "But there's more."
"Yes."
"Are you ready to hear it?"
"Yes, tell me," I replied, nearly pleading with her at this point to hear the truth.
She paused and looked at me keenly. I tried to keep my face expressionless as I nodded to reiterate my understanding of what she had said so far, but I was deeply and naively confused. Cate continued.
"Your main duty in this position will be to log on to a private, female members only website. Then you will activate the webcam and pleasure yourself until you reach orgasm while viewers watch and listen. You will be required to do this at specific, pre-scheduled times throughout the day. Other than this duty, the rest of your time during the day is yours. If you are well received, you will be scheduled for more sessions and your pay will increase accordingly. We'll start you off slowly at first."
I stared at her, speechless, my mouth slightly open as I tried to remember how to speak.
"Take your time processing that," Cate said as she leaned back in her chair, watching for my reaction.
I couldn't respond. I wasn't even sure how I felt about it, but surprisingly my first instinct was not to turn it down. I'd always been a sexually adventurous person, but this was nothing like anything I had ever done before. My mind raced with questions. Could I take the leap? Mixing business with pleasure, literally? Masturbating on a website while others watched, and getting paid for it? Taking a fake job to hide the fact that my real job was basically doing porn? Would I be crazy to do it? Would I be crazy not to?
The idea that I could make even more money if I did well was intriguing, without a doubt. I wondered who exactly would be watching, who would I be striving to impress. This curiosity was enough to finally make me speak up.
"You said the website is members only. Who are the members?" I asked.
"In short, the members I'm speaking of are key shareholders who own majority stake, along with a few of our directors. And if you can believe it, the CEO too. All women. All professionals. All smart enough to keep this discreet. Think of this as a perk for them to be working for The Company, instead of somewhere else. They have a pretty hardcore kink for office women who work beneath them. This is something to entertain them and relieve stress from a busy day. All they have to do is access their computer, and they'll see... well... whatever is between your legs. It'll be your job to entertain them."
For a minute I thought Cate might have been joking. It was my turn to look at her intently, trying to read her face, find traces of a smile, but she seemed serious. I thought of the Non-Disclosure Agreement. That would be a pretty involved joke, and I realized it was most likely serious. I knew I had to make a decision, but I needed more information first. It still sounded like porn to me.
Cate continued. "Membership is quite exclusive as I'm sure you can imagine, so the models we choose to perform for us are held to a very high standard, both with their physical appearance and with their work ethic. Only the most physically appealing and hardworking employees are chosen to work as models.
"The selection process is done by a committee of members who have been appointed administrators of the website, myself included, which is why I said the decision was not entirely up to me. This is to help us ensure that our models don't all look the same and aren't just cookie cutter girls, as our members have a broad range of tastes, preferences, and fetishes."
"So, the members are lesbians?"
"Not all of them. Some are bisexual."
"And you're a member?"
"Yes, I am."
My unasked question hung in the air for a moment as she looked me in the eye, almost daring me to ask.
"Are the models lesbians?" I finally asked, but it wasn't the question I'd really wanted the answer to.
"Some, but that's not a requirement, as long as you feel comfortable masturbating on camera."
"Alright," I replied, nodding. I started to think I might accept the offer. "Is there anything else I need to know?"
"Yes," Cate responded quickly. She seemed happy that I was considering the offer so seriously. "If you do well and you're open to it, not only will you be scheduled for more sessions, you will also have the option to perform with other models. You will have the choice to work with someone you might already know, or we can assign another model to you. It's completely up to you and your comfort level, but the opportunity to earn more money is always there."
Wow, even more money?I couldn't believe it; I really began to feel like my life was about to change.
"How many other models are there that I might know?" I asked.
"You'd be surprised to find out."
I thought about this for a moment, and my thoughts immediately went to Summer. What if she was a part of this? I was pretty sure her office was in the Executive wing that Cate mentioned, and she never talked about her job. I thought about putting my head between her legs again, remembering our night together in college.
I shook my head before I slipped into a daydream.
"One more thing about membership," Cate said as I was about to say yes to the offer.
"What's that?"
"Membership comes with certain privileges. In addition to being able to watch you by yourself and with other models, the members have the option to see you in your office, and get a taste of what they see on their screens."
"You mean, they watch me masturbate in person?"
"No, Lila." Cate replied. "I mean, they can come into your office and literally taste it; they have free access to eat your pussy. Some of them might ask you if you're comfortable eating theirs, but it's ok if you're not. You are required to let the members taste you though. You might even like it."
"Oh... kay..." I didn't know what to say to this, but I was suddenly aware of wetness between my legs.
I'd always had bisexual tendencies, but I'd never really told anyone about them before. Except for Summer. That night we shared in college was eye opening for me. I was under the impression she hadn't enjoyed it that much, but if this was something she'd been participating in, maybe I was wrong. Although maybe I was just getting my hopes up.
"This, of course, will mean more money." Cate derailed my train of thought. "You simply tell me when you're ready to start taking private appointments and I will show you how."
"Ok," I nodded.
"One last thing."
What more could there possibly be?
"What is it?"
"All of it will be on camera. The webcams are wireless. If the member doesn't want her face shown, you will hold or mount your webcam to only show your face. Something that works for a lot of our girls is mounting it on top of your monitor. And you must look into the camera."
I looked her in the eyes as I thought about this. My heart rate had increased and my breathing was shallow. I was extremely turned on. I couldn't believe it.
"Ok." I nearly whispered.
"That's everything."
Cate remained silent as we looked into each other's eyes for a moment. Was that lust that I saw reflecting back at me? The idea that my hot boss had thought about fucking me before didn't make me any less wet. My pussy was dripping.
I considered all of the details carefully. My current stress, the money, the office. The work. Cate was right when she said it would be much more enjoyable. How many orgasms was I going to have every day? She said they would start me off slow; I wondered just how slow it would be. It occurred to me that it didn't really matter how slowly I started. I wanted in.
"I accept."
Cate flashed a gorgeous grin and pulled some more forms out of her desk. "Great. Let's get the contract signed right away so we can get you out of here. I'll see you at 8:30 in the morning in my office and I'll personally escort you to your new office. Feel free to come in early to get any personal items from your current office."
"Sounds great," I replied with a broad, relieved smile on my face.
I felt that the majority of my problems had been solved, and that my life was about to get a whole lot more interesting.
***
The next morning I got up at 4:00am to make sure I would have enough time to groom myself and make sure I looked impeccable for my first day of my new job. I showered and shaved my legs, cleaned up my eyebrows, and curled my long ash brown hair, which was something I rarely did. I hardly ever wore makeup but today I wore just enough to really bring out my best features, which I thought were my blue eyes and my full lips. I decided to wear contact lenses for the first time in months and hardly recognized myself without my thick black framed hipster glasses.
I pulled my charcoal gray skirt suit out of my closet and paired it with sheer black silk thigh high stockings, a black garter belt, and a lacy black bra. This was usually my date underwear, and I only had 2 or 3 fancy sets like this. I decided to skip the panties, figuring I might as well get used to being wet and horny at work.
I slipped the skirt on over the stockings and enjoyed the sensation of my bare pussy below the fabric, as if I were keeping a sexy secret that only I knew about. Next I slid my arms into the top and buttoned the large gray buttons. The bra I was wearing pushed my breasts up just enough to give me perfect cleavage. I slipped my feet into a black pair of patent leather pumps that I normally wore when I went to clubs, but I figured they would be acceptable for my new position.
I turned around and checked myself out in the full length mirrored closet doors in my bathroom. I looked like a new person.I hope Cate will be pleased.
I got to work an hour and a half early to clean out my office and make sure I wasn't leaving anything behind. Nobody was in yet, and I wondered what Cate was going to tell my coworkers. I grabbed an empty banker's box from the supply room and started filling it with my belongings. I took the paintings and pictures from my walls and carried them to my car. I saw some of my coworkers start to pull into the parking lot and watch me carrying things to my car.
I went back to my office and could hear people start coming into the building. People walked by as I continued putting things in the box and throwing old paperwork into the shred bin. Nobody stopped to ask me what was going on.
Once I had put all of the personal items I had used to decorate my office in the box I carried it to my car and set it in the driver's seat. I decided I would drive my stuff over to the main building so I could unload it once Cate showed me where my new office was.
Once that was done I walked back over to my old building and headed to the kitchen to make a cup of coffee. I sat at the kitchen table and sipped the cup, enjoying my last few moments of my old routine before I was officially thrown into my new life, no looking back.
I finished my coffee a few minutes before 8:30 and headed to Cate's office. As I stood in front of her desk she looked me up and down appreciatively.
"Wow, Lila, you look great. You were definitely the right pick for this position."
I felt my cheeks heat up as I blushed. "Thank you."
"Let's go check out your new office," she said as she got up from behind her desk and led me down the hall and out the front door.
We walked across the parking lot to the corporate headquarters building where she used a key to unlock the back door.
"You'll be given a key to this door also, along with an alarm code," she told me as she held the door open for me to enter the building ahead of her.
"Wow, ok," I replied. I had no idea my new position would come with that much access.
We stopped in an office right off the lobby before heading to the elevators.
"You're going to need a new badge, and we should take a new picture since you look so great," Cate said as the security specialist stood up from his desk and led me to one of the white walls so he could take a picture of me with a blank background.within a few minutes he handed me my new badge, warm from the machine.
I clipped it to my top, handed him my old badge, and Cate and I continued to the elevators. Cate hit the button for the tenth floor and we rode the elevator in silence. Cate looked over at me occasionally and smiled. When the elevator reached our floor we stepped off and headed in the same direction as Summer's office.So I was right about that.Cate led me to the office in the back right corner.
"Here we are."
The office was bigger than I expected. It was similar to Summer's but was decorated in a different style and had many more windows. The furniture was dark, heavy, and sophisticated. It truly looked like an executive's office.
It was the kind of office I'd dreamed of having but never imagined I would have. It was the kind of office my dad's boss had when I was a kid, and I remembered thinking just how important he must have been to have an office like that. And he certainly didn't have it at the age of 32. I was also pretty sure he didn't earn it by agreeing to masturbate on the internet every day.
"Wow," was all I could think to say.
Cate laughed. "Come on, let's get you settled in so I can give you a little tour of the systems you'll be using."
She put her hand on the small of my back and gave me a slight push to get me to move from the doorway. We walked into the office and over to my new desk. It was huge. I sat in the soft leather executive chair and leaned back.
"This is really nice."
"I'm glad you like it," Cate responded as she reached to turn on the computer.
A moment later a login screen came up on the large widescreen monitor and Cate gave me my new username and password. Once I changed my password I opened Outlook and saw that I already had a few emails welcoming me to the Executive department. They were from several of the directors and I wondered how much they already knew about me.
Cate had me open a Chrome browser and navigate to a web address that she had me bookmark. A secure login dialogue box popped up and Cate told me to enter my network login information again. The website loaded quickly and I saw a dashboard with several widgets keeping track of different stats.
"Click this to access the webcam," Cate pointed at an icon that looked like a red dot on the dashboard and I did as I was told.
Cate explained how the stream worked and how to go live, and pointed out a chat box below the video stream.
"Here is where you will see members compliment you and make requests. You don't have to comply with their requests, but every session is rated on a 5 star scale. The happier you make the members, the higher your score will be. You'll be given an overall score based on your average plus the amount of people who choose to be alerted when you start a stream, and this score will be used to determine when you are ready to be scheduled for more sessions."
"Wow, that sounds pretty competitive," I said, hesitating for the first time since I had agreed to this.
"Based on the initiative you've already showed, I don't think you're going to have any issues," Cate said reassuringly. "Now, click the home icon and I'll show you where you can see your schedule."
I did as I was told and Cate showed me around the site, including my schedule and an inbox where I would receive messages from members. As with my work email, I noticed I already had a few messages welcoming me to the team.
"I'm assuming you didn't bring any props?" Cate asked, turning towards me after she'd finished showing me the most important parts of the site.
"Props?"
"Sex toys, things to make your performance more interesting."
"No, I didn't even think about it." I felt embarrassed again, like I was letting Cate down.
"It's ok, nobody brings any the first day. Open the bottom right drawer of your desk and I'm sure you'll find something useful. Later I will bring you a company credit card to use to buy clothes and props of your choosing."
"Wow, thanks," again I felt that it was too good to be true.
"Oh, I almost forgot to tell you. If the mood ever strikes, feel free to turn your stream on. Impromptu shows are always hot and not only do they contribute to your score, you can get paid a little extra for doing them if you exceed your normally scheduled amount of projects. And don't worry, there's nothing wrong if you do that. We encourage that. If it happens a few weeks in a row, you'll be given a permanent salary increase and schedule change to include more projects because that indicates to us that you are ready to take on more. Also, when you turn on your stream for the first time, scheduled or not, an alert will go out to all members, so don't be surprised if you get a lot of viewers your first time. Welcome to the team, Lila, I'm so happy to have you on board." She gave me a little wink as she turned to walk away.
"Thanks for explaining everything to me and giving me this opportunity, Cate," I replied sincerely as she walked out of my office.
As soon as Cate was gone, I reached down and opened the bottom right drawer of my desk. I found a black satiny gift bag with a bottle of lube and a box gift wrapped in sleek black paper with a black satin ribbon tied around it inside. I took the box out and set it on the desk before me. A card in a black envelope was tucked into the ribbon. I opened it up and found a card with a Picasso print on the front and 'Welcome to the team, Enjoy' written inside in Cate's handwriting with a little heart drawn below it. Instead of signing her name she'd simply marked a few x's and o's next to the little heart.
I untied the ribbon on the box and gently tore the expensive-looking wrapping paper open to reveal a box with the word Lelo printed on the top. I removed the outer sleeve and opened the inner black box and saw a sleek, smooth, teal vibrator that looked like my traditional rabbit vibrator but much more elegant. It also looked expensive.
I lifted the vibrator from its box and turned it over, looking for the battery compartment. Instead I saw a charger port.I've never had a rechargeable vibrator before,I mused.
I found the power button and turned it on, and it immediately began vibrating powerfully in my hand. The plus and minus buttons on either side of the power button seemed to change the intensity, while the up and down arrows cycled through the different patterns. I noticed the insertable shaft of the vibrator moved back and forth in a wave motion that I was sure would stimulate my g-spot.That is going to feel amazing.
I set the vibrator back in its box on the desk and looked back to the computer screen. I clicked back to the dashboard and looked around a little more at some small icons Cate hadn't pointed out.
I clicked an icon shaped like a woman and a picture of myself that I hadn't seen before came up. We'd had pictures taken every year for the company directory, and I could tell this came from this year's pictures but it seemed to be a candid photo I hadn't realized the photographer took. I was laughing at something and had a beautiful, wide smile on my face. I actually thought I looked pretty attractive. Maybe that explained why I already had messages in my inbox.
Below my picture, my personal stats were listed, including my height, weight, hair and eye color, and whether or not I had any tattoos or piercings. It was pretty damn accurate.Wow, I had no idea they knew that much about me.
I clicked back to the dashboard and noticed at the bottom of the screen a small green icon that read 'Members Access.'Do I have access to the other models' streams?I wondered, curiosity getting the better of me.
I clicked the icon and the screen filled with thumbnail pictures. As I hovered over each picture a miniature view of the stream popped up.
I hovered over a few of the thumbnails and watched a few seconds of each. Suddenly I froze when I saw Summer's face, clearly in the throes of an orgasm. I clicked the picture and the sound of her moans came blasting from my speakers. I quickly reached to turn them down and watched as Summer continued to come.
I could feel my heart rate rising as I watched my friend have a rocking orgasm in front of a webcam with powerful women watching her and commenting on her pleasure. Beneath my skirt my bare pussy started to throb. I shifted in my chair and felt the slick wetness between my legs.
As Summer's face continued to fill the top half of the screen, she struggled to catch her breath and regain her composure. It was pretty clear that her orgasm had been caused by another woman between her legs, but she must not have wanted her face to be shown. I heard Summer thanking the other woman as she carried the camera back to it's mount under her desk and the stream ended with a shot of her bare pussy as she sat down at her desk.
My breathing was heavy as I glanced at the brand new vibrator in its elegant box on the desk next to me.Should I go for it so soon? It would show initiative like Cate mentioned.I picked up the vibrator and turned it over in my hands, my stomach filling with butterflies as I contemplated masturbating with an audience for the first time. I felt the smooth silicone and couldn't wait to feel the wave motion inside me.
I looked at the screen again and clicked the icon Cate showed me to bring up the webcam. A shot of my legs filled the top half of the screen again. I opened my legs a bit and rolled my chair back and forth, playing with the angle. Once I felt like I had myself in the right position, I took a deep breath and hit the 'Go Live' button.
A thin red box appeared around the video stream, indicating that I was streaming. Within a few seconds I started noticing users logging in and remembered what Cate said about everyone receiving a notification when I started my first project.
By now several people were watching me, so I hiked my skirt up and opened my legs wide, my wet pussy lips displayed on the screen in front of me. I started noticing appreciative comments appearing in the chat box below the video.
Love your pale skin in those black stockings, can't wait to see what else you have to show us.
Look at the new girl, you look sweet.
Already so wet? Would love to taste you.
The comments spurred me on further. I reached down and slowly stroked my clit with two fingers, spreading my legs further apart. I dipped a finger into my pussy and it came out shiny and slick with my juices. I reached my fingers up to my lips and sucked the juices off. My face wasn't shown on the screen but my movements made it clear what I was doing.
How does it taste, sweetheart? Can I have a taste?
I stroked myself a few more times, teasing my clit until it stood out, dipping my fingers into my pussy for lubrication. I moaned softly as I rubbed my fingers against myself and rocked my hips gently back and forth. I flicked my clit a few times before I slid two fingers all the way into my pussy, sliding them in and out a few times before massaging my g-spot by curling my fingers in towards the front of my pussy.
"Ahhh... mmm...." I moaned as I teased the spongy pleasure center, my body curling in on itself with the intense sensation.
As I looked up I realized my cleavage looked pretty enticing, so I reached up and unbuttoned my top, pulling it off and letting it fall to the floor. My bra framed my cleavage perfectly. Next I stood up and unzipped my skirt, sliding it over my hips and letting it fall to the floor next to my top. I was in nothing by my bra, garterbelt, stockings, and high heels. I sat back down in front of the camera and spread my legs apart again, reaching for the vibrator. I definitely did not need any lube.
As the vibrator came into view of the webcam, the chat box filled with so many comments so quickly I couldn't keep up with reading them. There were enough users logged in that the small box displaying their names couldn't fit them all and I would have had to have scrolled down to see all of the names. I didn't care enough to stop the task currently at hand.
I slid the tip of the vibrator barely into my opening, just enough to lubricate it slightly, then slid it back up across my clit, teasing myself. I did this a few times before dipping the vibrator back down, this time sliding it all the way past my swollen lips.
"Mmm..." Once it was all the way in with the stimulating arm resting against my clit, I relaxed for a moment and read the comments coming in.
The INA Wave, that's a great choice of toy. I've been through 4.
This one's not shy
You seem like a pro already
Knowing these women were watching me and liked what they were seeing really turned me on. I had no idea I was going to like this so much. I thought I would be embarrassed and shy to have my private parts on display for so many people to see at once, but in reality I found it empowering and incredibly arousing.
It was time to see what this baby could do. I pressed the on button and the vibrator started back up in the wave pattern it was in when I'd turned it off earlier. It was too much to start and I involuntarily lurched forward.
"Oh god," I moaned, trying hard to keep my voice down. I had no idea how thin the walls were in this wing.
I hurried to change the setting to a more gentle one. I found one that only activated the arm resting against my clit and turned the intensity to a moderate setting. I leaned back in my chair to give the members a better view as I moved the vibrator slightly, rubbing the vibrating arm up and down against my clit.
"Oh, yeah," I moaned softly, closing my eyes for a moment and enjoying the sensation.
When I opened my eyes again and looked at the computer screen, I saw what seemed to be a command in the comments:
TURN ON THE WAVE.
"Yes ma'am," I said nervously, not sure if I was ready but certainly not one to disappoint on my first day..
I did as I was told and cycled through the settings until I felt the vibrator start moving inside my pussy, back and forth, rhythmically pressing against my g-spot. I enjoyed this for a few moments as my g-spot and clit were stimulated at the same time.
I recognized the same user name in the comments:
FIND A BETTER SETTING.
"Yes ma'am."
I cycled a few more times until the motion became faster and was matched by the vibration against my clit. I turned the intensity up a few notches and had to press one hand against the desk to stop myself from folding inwards and blocking myself from the camera's view.
"Ooooooohhh..." I whimpered as I held on tight to the vibrator's handle and gently guided the vibrating arm against my clit. "Fuck, fuck... fuck..."
I glanced up at the screen again and the same user had sent another command.
TURN THE INTENSITY UP. AS HIGH AS IT WILL GO.
AND DON'T BE SUCH A PUSSY, IF IT FEELS GOOD YOU SCREAM!
"Yes, ma'am... oh... god..." my voice shook along with the vibrations coming from deep inside my pussy.
I pressed the plus sign and held it down until the intensity would not go any higher.
"Oooooohhh... FUCK," I wailed, unable to control my volume any longer.
My rear end lifted up from the chair as I struggled to withstand the intense sensations assailing my pussy. My body curved inwards uncontrollably as I held the vibrator against myself.
"Oh fuck, yeah... yeah... oh my god..." I cried as the powerful vibrations took control of me. I was gripping the edge of my desk so hard my knuckles were turning white. "I'm gonna come... oooohh... I'm gonna come..."
My moans became incoherent as the orgasm rocked my body, my pussy clenching the vibrator hard. It continued to pound my g-spot on its own as I let go of it and gripped the desk with both hands and came for what seemed like minutes.
"Oooohh... oh god," I moaned as the vibrations continued to stimulate my clit. "Fuck..."
Once the strongest waves of my orgasm had passed I was able to loosen my grip on the desk and reach down to pull the vibrator out of me. I hit the power button to turn the powerful little toy off and set it on the desk in front of me, leaning against the desk for a moment, panting.
"Fuck," I said to myself as I sat back down in my chair and tried to catch my breath.
The comments were coming in at full speed again and I could only catch a few of them.
You sure know how to take directions.
Who found this one? She needs a raise.
That was so hot. I came with you, hopefully it won't be the last time.
Next time let me work that vibrator for you
Your body looks like it would do what I tell it...
I smiled at the comments and before I knew it I found myself laughing at the overwhelming sense of release that had washed over me. I'd forgotten I was still live until I saw the comments.
You have a delightful laugh
So glad you enjoyed yourself so much.
Easily my new favorite. Following you now. Can't wait for your next performance.
"Thank you, ladies," I replied out loud before I ended the stream.
I clicked to the dashboard and saw that the widget with my stats had filled in with numbers. It looked like I earned 4.7 stars and several followers from my first show. I was pretty impressed with myself.
***
I called Summer around 1 o'clock that afternoon to see if she wanted to get a salad. I hadn't talked to her since our lunch last week and wanted to surprise her with my news, so we arranged to meet at the cafe. I didn't want her to realize my office was so close to hers now.
When I walked into the cafe she was already sitting at our table reading a magazine, with her sunglasses still on. When I approached her she looked up and pushed her sunglasses up onto her head.
"There she is," she said with a smile as she stood up to hug me. She seemed much happier to see me than I was expecting.
I returned her smile and we both sat at the table. The waitress came over to take our orders almost immediately, glasses of water already in hand.
"So what's new?" Summer seemed eager to catch up.
"Sorry I haven't had a chance to call you," I apologized.
"No worries," she replied, smiling broadly again. She seemed like the cat that got the cream. "So what did Cate say?"
"Actually..." I hesitated as I thought about the Non-Disclosure Agreement, but then my mind flashed to Summer's face earlier today as I watched her orgasm on my computer screen and I realized she'd had to have signed one too. "Well, she gave me a promotion."
"Oh yeah?" Summer's excitement was obvious. "What's the new job?"
I knew once I told her my new title she was going to figure it out, so I stretched it out a little more. "My office is not too far from yours," I told her instead.
"Really? Well that will be nice, we'll have someone to go blow off steam with when we need to," she replied suggestively, raising an eyebrow. "Lila."
When she said my name I looked her in the eye.
"What's your new title?" she asked.
I paused as long as I could before finally taking a deep breath. "Executive Assistant."
Summer smiled before she burst out laughing. "Damn, I was really trying to hold a straight face. Lila, I know. I saw your performance this morning. All members get an alert when a model goes live for the first time, remember? That includes other models."
"Oh my god," I breathed, holding my head in my hand for a second. I looked her in the eye again as I asked her, "How was it? Be honest."
"Really hot," Summer replied without hesitation. "I had just gotten off when I got the alert, and you made me need to come again. I came with you."
"I had no idea you felt that way about other women," I said gently.
"Come on, Lila," Summer replied, laughing. "You remember that night in college. I don't talk about it much, but I enjoyed it as much as you did. I'm just not very vocal about my sexual attraction to women outside of this job. But now that you know... who knows? This opens up a whole new world of possibility."
"To be honest with you," I began, reaching for my straw wrapper and twisting it around my fingers. "I went live because I found your stream right as you came. It turned me on. I couldn't help myself."
Summer looked surprise and was silent for a moment before finally speaking. "Well... I'm flattered."
I looked up at Summer and was surprised to see that she was blushing. We looked into each other's eyes and smiled. We spent the rest of our lunch break with Summer giving me tips on giving a good performance. Our friendship had risen to a new level, and I was excited to see where it would go.
***
The next afternoon I was sitting at my desk shopping online when Cate came in carrying a folder and I quickly clicked away from the site. Cate laughed.
"Don't worry Lila, this is your time, remember? I just wanted to talk about how things are going."
I had completed 3 projects since I started the day before and was a few minutes away from starting my 4th.She already wants to evaluate me?The butterflies in my stomach started their relentless fight to get out of my body, wings flapping wildly.
"Sure, have a seat," I said as I turned my chair towards the two chairs facing my desk. "I do have a project scheduled soon."
"No problem," Cate replied. "Mind if I stay and watch?"
"Uh, sure... I mean, no, I, uh, don't mind... I mean... That's fine..." I was totally taken off guard and stumbled over my words.
"Great."
Cate smiled as she sat down in one of the chairs and set the folder on the desk. She opened it and looked at the first page which was full of data.
"Well you're doing great so far," she began, glancing at the page, and I felt my tense muscles relax.
"Oh, I'm so glad to hear that."
"Yes, the members have really taken a liking to you. Your ratings are high and you already have many followers. Very impressive."
"Thank you Cate, that means a lot to me."
"I think it's time to start talking about giving you more projects."
"So soon? Wow, thank you!" I remembered what Cate said about that meaning more money and figured I must have been doing really well.
"Yes, the members are definitely ready to see more. Some of the members have started choosing to watch you over their longtime favorite models."
"You can track that?"
"We can track everything," Cate replied, smiling as she held up the thick, multiple page report. "I have a responsibility to give the members what they want, and what they want is you."
I was flattered and felt the heat rise to my cheeks as I blushed. "Thank you, Cate..." I trailed off as my alarm sounded, signaling my 1 minute warning before I was scheduled to go live.
"Please, don't mind me," Cate said, gesturing with an open hand towards my computer.
"Thanks," I replied as I reached into the bottom right drawer and pulled out my new favorite toy in its box and set it on the desk beside me.
I hadn't really figured out the best way to begin a performance, so I was still a little nervous when I began and having Cate sitting at my desk watching me certainly didn't help. I took a deep breath and hit the go live button. Within seconds members started logging in to watch my stream. I decided the best way to start was just to jump right in.
I began softly stroking my thighs as I opened my legs slightly, checking the angle in the camera. I slid my short black office skirt up to show the red garter belt holding up my nude stockings. I glanced at Cate to see if she was watching and her eyes met mine. She smiled warmly, nodding approvingly.
Oh, red, sexypopped up in the chat box and I was glad I'd picked this lingerie today; I'd gotten compliments earlier in the day also.
I hiked my skirt up even further and spread my legs wide apart, flashing my moistening pussy. Like the day before, I had gone without panties. I stroked along the length of my pussy with one finger, then brought the finger to my lips and sucked my finger, tasting myself. I looked over at Cate again and her smile had been replaced by a look of lust, her mouth slightly open and her eyes hooded.
I stood up and took off my black blazer, tossing it aside in a careless manner. Next I pulled my purple silk sleeveless blouse over my head and let it drop to the floor on top of the blazer. The lacy red push up bra I had put on that morning was doing its job and my heavy breasts were defying gravity. I reached behind me and unzipped my skirt, letting it drop to the floor and stepping out of it, leaving myself wearing only nude stockings, the red garter belt, the red push up bra and my red patent leather heels.
Comments pinged in the chat box:
You should be a pinup model
Great idea, I would love to paint her.
I sat back down and opened my legs wide, stroking myself and dipping my fingers inside my pussy, pulling them out shiny and wet. I glanced at Cate and to my surprise, she seemed to be sending a text message. She put the phone down and looked up, locking eyes with me. I reached over to take the vibrator from its box when Cate spoke for the first time since I'd started.
"Wait a minute, please. Touch yourself a little more."
"Ok," I replied, a bit puzzled, but she was my boss so I did as I was told.
My hands reached back down, the fingers of my right hand stroking my clit. I slid my middle finger inside my pussy and began massaging my g spot, leaning my head back and closing my eyes for a moment as the sensation made me moan.
Suddenly I heard my office door knob turn and my eyes flew open, my head turning in the direction of the door. The door opened and Summer walked in dressed in a long coat that covered her skirt, wearing tall, black high heels.
"Summer? What are you doing here?!" I was so surprised my hands stopped what they were doing and I froze as I watched her walk across the room towards me.
"Cate invited me," she responded, sauntering sexily towards me like a cat on the prowl.
I looked over at Cate who looked as if she was enjoying the situation. She had leaned back into her chair, her arms crossed casually across her chest as she watched us. I looked back over at Summer who raised an eyebrow at me and I smiled nervously in return.
As she walked towards me her hands reached down to untie the belt to her coat and she opened it, revealing black silk stockings above her black heels, a black lace garter belt, and a black lace bra framing her small, perky breasts. Like me, her pussy was bare. She slid her arms from the coat and dropped it on the floor as she walked around my desk and stopped right next to my chair. I noticed she was visible now on the webcam. Comments lit up the chat box but I wasn't watching them.
"Hi," she said, smiling warmly at me.
Before I could respond she bent down and kissed me on the mouth, softly, her tongue gently probing me to open my mouth. I surrendered to her and brought my tongue forward to meet hers, massaging the warm muscle as she explored my mouth.
As she kissed me she held my face with one hand while the other hand slid slowly down my body, caressing me softly as she reached between my legs and softly stroked my clit, eliciting a moan from my throat into her mouth.
My pussy was dripping and throbbing almost unbearably when she finally slid a finger inside me. She massaged my pussy lightly for a few strokes before pulling her hand back, then inserting two fingers inside me. She pulled her face away from mine as I moaned.
"Summer," I whispered softly as she bent her head down and started kissing my neck, running her fingers through my hair with the hand that wasn't rhythmically stroking my pussy. "Oh god..."
She knelt down in front of me and settled herself on her knees between my legs as she continued kissing my collarbones, my sternum, the spot right between my breasts. She reached behind me and unhooked my bra, sliding it off of my arms and letting it fall to the floor, exposing my large pale breasts and pink nipples. As my bra fell to the floor she brought her hands to my chest and cupped my breasts in both hands, pinching my nipples softly as she continued planting kisses softly down my body.
Just before she reached the top of my garter belt, she stopped and looked up into my eyes, bringing her mouth to one breast and then the other, sucking my nipples roughly into her mouth one at a time, closing her eyes each time, savoring the pleasure she knew she was giving me.
"Oohhh..." I moaned as my hand caressed the short red hair at the back of her head, my other hand tightly gripping my desk chair, my arousal nearly paralyzing me.
Summer looked into my eyes again as she moved back down to where she'd been before, then lower, kissing the soft lower part of my belly, the spot right above the small, soft patch of dark pubic hair, the V where my lips met. Her tongue slipped between her lips and softly licked my clit.
"Ohh, my god," I mumbled as my hand closed in a fist in her hair and I felt her moan between my legs as I unintentionally pulled her hair. "Sorry."
"Don't be," she said as she stopped licking me briefly and looked up from between my legs. "Pull my hair. I like it rough."
"Ok..." I whispered as she turned her attention back to my pussy, this time licking the entire length from my wet opening to the top of my clit.
She licked me slowly this way several times, my rear end lifting from my chair and my hips bucking against her face every time her tongue reached my move sensitive spot. I pulled her hair softly with both hands, then a little more roughly as she began moaning and sucking on my clit.
"Oh god!" I cried as she concentrated her oral efforts on my clit and brought a hand to my pussy, sliding two fingers into me and stroking my insides.
Her palm was up and her fingers curled inward in the famous "come-hither" motion, massaging my g-spot gently. She alternated between sucking and licking my clit as she did this and I gyrated my hips against her face.
"Fuck me harder," I moaned as I reached down and grabbed her wrist, thrusting her fingers harder inside me.
She did as she was told and intensified the motions with her fingers inside me, pounding the front wall of my pussy, while her mouth strengthened its assault on my clit. She licked me roughly a few times before suddenly sucking my clit into her mouth. My hips thrust forward and I pulled her hair hard as my hand fisted in her hair.
"Fuck! Summer!" I screamed as she let go of my clit with her mouth and began licking it roughly again, her fingers still working inside me. "Oh god... ooohhh... oh my god...." I moaned and whimpered uncontrollably, my orgasm building inside me as I gripped her hair with one hand and brought the other up to pinch my own nipples roughly.
Summer gave my pussy a few more long strokes with her tongue, from her fingers penetrating me up to the hood of my clit, my juices dripping all over her face as her fingers pumped in and out of me. She sucked my clit back into her mouth and curled her fingers inside me so intensely that my whole body lifted out of my chair.
"I'm coming!" I cried as my body shuddered involuntarily, the earth-shattering orgasm pulsating through me like a tsunami, hot liquid squirting from inside my pussy.
Summer pulled her fingers out of me and moved her mouth down to where they had been, holding her lips to my opening and lapping at the juices pouring from me as I came into her mouth.
"Oh my god, Summer," I said breathlessly as my orgasm finally subsided. "I had no idea you could eat pussy like that."
"I've learned a thing or two since the last time I had the privilege of pleasing you, love," she replied as she stood up and leaned into me, kissing me and tangling her hands in my long hair.
I extended my tongue into her mouth and she opened her lips, inviting me to taste myself on her. My hand raised to her neck and I gripped her roughly as my tongue invaded her mouth, tasting myself in every corner and crevice. As I held her face to mine, my fingers stroking the short hair at the nape of her neck, she moaned again, enjoying my roughness.
As I pulled away from the kiss I looked into Summer's eyes. "I need to repay the favor."
"Honestly, Lila, going down on you turned me on so much that you would barely need to touch me to get me off right now."
"Even better," I said as I pulled her face to mine for a quick kiss, then put my hands on her hips and spun her around, pulling her into my lap.
I pulled her legs apart on either side of my lap so she was sitting spread-eagle on top of me, facing the webcam. I reached around her with both arms, my left hand on her inner thigh holding her legs open while my right hand reached for the dripping opening between her legs. I slid my middle finger inside her and pulled it out, sliding my finger up to her clit and using her own lubrication to rub her clit smoothly with my fingers.
She gripped the arms of my chair as my fingers began slowly rubbing her clit, then picking up speed. Her breathing sped up as my fingers slipped back and forth over her sensitive little bean.
"Oh, god... Lila..." she moaned breathlessly as she turned her head into the side of my face, licking my ear as she started to lose control.
My fingers started moving even faster, flicking her clit as my left hand reached in and I slid 2 fingers into her dripping pussy. I pressed her body into mine as I pumped her pussy, moving my fingers inside her just like she'd done to me, massaging the spongy spot that made her make an animalistic noise in a way that I knew no man had ever done to her.
"Lila!" she screamed as her entire body clenched in my arms, her pussy gushing its liquid into my hand as I stroked her insides with one hand and her clit with the other. "Oooohh... ooohhh... oh, god..."
Her cries faded to sighs as she went limp in my arms and I glanced over at Cate. She was leaning forward in her chair, seemingly mesmerized by our performance, the same look of lust on her face that I'd seen earlier. Then I looked over at the computer screen while we caught our breath. The comments were still coming in so fast I could barely catch a few of them.
Wow, that made my day.
I think I need the rest of the day off after that
Can't wait to see more from these two!
Summer stood up after catching her breath and turned to lean down and kiss me one more time before I ended the stream.
"That was incredible, ladies," Cate said as Summer picked her coat up off the floor and wrapped it around herself while I started picking up the discarded pieces of my wardrobe I'd shed earlier and putting them back on.
"Thank you," Summer responded while giving a small curtsy. "Happy to oblige."
"Did you really set this up, Cate?" I asked, remembering the moment I looked over at her and she'd been typing something on her phone.
"Well, yes," Cate answered honestly. "This wasn't my intention when I came in here, but once you started your project I realized that I could help this performance go even better, so I reached out to Summer. I knew you were friends so I took the risk and happily, she was receptive to the idea, clearly, as she appeared almost immediately after I contacted her."
Summer shrugged, feigning nonchalance. "My schedule was open, I had nothing going on." She looked over at me and smiled, her indifferent facade fading. "Honestly, I'm so glad you texted me, Cate. That was... spectacular."
"Yeah, it was," I agreed. "And I think it's safe to say that won't be our last collaboration."
"Oh, absolutely," Summer confirmed enthusiastically. "I'd love to make this a regular thing."
"Well," Cate said as she gathered her report back into its folder and stood up to leave. "I'll have to see what we can do about that. You ladies enjoy the rest of your day."
"You too," Summer and I responded at the same time, then laughed as Cate left.
"Well, thank you," she said as she tied the belt on her coat and prepared to walk back to her office presumably to put her clothes back on.
"Yeah, you too," I replied, suddenly feeling shy.
Summer put her hand to my face and kissed me one last time, gently but deeply, before she turned and walked out of my office and left me to clean myself up and check my schedule to see how much time I had until my next project.
The End
Special thanks to HeyAll.