Ch. 07: The End?
As soon as she was gone, Lacy was under the table pulling my now soft dick out the leg of my panties. As she teased me, Beth came and sat next to me. "We have another surprise for you this weekend before Lacy goes back to work tomorrow." Beth said as I ran my fingers through Lacy's hair under the table. "Tonight you and Lacy get to sleep in our bedroom. I am going to sleep in hers. Whatever happens, happens. I won't even ask. We just want you to know this weekend isn't the end of this relationship. We love you. Both of us."
As Beth spoke, she got up and started washing the glasses and plates. She was still wearing the tiny bikini. I had a perfect view of her sexy little ass. I love the way the tiny little thread of fabric fits so nicely between her perky little cheeks, spreading them apart just enough to see the soft smooth material clinging to her tasty little pussy. She was so sexy. I couldn't believe I was married to this amazing woman, let alone got lick her sweet sexy pussy and tits. If it wasn't her idea, I would feel guilty about Lacy being under the table.
Lacy was such a tease. At first she was just running her tongue all around my balls and lightly sucking the tip of my still soft dick. Even as tired as I was, I could feel the blood flow back between my legs. I was a little disappointed she was teasing just the tip. I love it when Beth pulls my entire soft penis into her mouth and runs her tongue over the bottom of my balls. Every time she did that it felt like I could cum in her mouth without even being hard and I love that.
Before Lacy crawled out from under the table, she pulled my panties back up around my knees. "I want you to wear those to bed," she said and started pulling her clothes off, giving us a cute little strip tease. As she danced she focused most of her attention on rubbing against Beth. It didn't take long for to be sitting on the table in front of me like Beth was earlier, with her legs spread, rubbing her naked body being careful to not touch between her legs. As she teased me Lacy told me how much she wanted to sleep with me, alone. "Is your dick hard again honey?" she whispered as slid off the table to sit on my lap.
I didn't say a word as she leaned in kissing me on the lips. I could feel the warmth of her body pressed against me and the hot dripping liquid slipping out of her pussy. "Yes sweetie. You always make my dick hard." I whispered back. "Are you ready to go to bed yet?" While we gently kissed, Beth went into the living room and collected the vibrators from the couch and handed Lacy her the toys, making a point to mention how I liked the little purple dick in my ass. "Good night honey. I love you." I said to Beth as she disappeared down the hall, while Lacy and I locked the doors and turned out the lights.
After a long passionate kiss in the darkness of the kitchen, I could tell Lacy was just as eager to go to bed. I took Lacy by the hand leading her towards the bedroom. Pausing only a second to see Beth was already on the bed naked, legs spread, and softly rubbing her toy over the lips of her pussy. The soft buzzing accompanied by her moans was so sexy. As we stood there watching for a second, Lacy slid her hand down the back of my panties, slipped her finger into my ass gently pulling me into our room, and to the edge of the bed. Softly kissing her, I slipped my finger into her ass matching the pulse of her finger in mine.
"You can watch her masturbate any time. Tonight is all about you and me. I finally got what I waited for all weekend." Lacy said as we entered the room, pushing me onto the bed. "I want you to fuck my ass while I finger my pussy. And I want to be on top so Beth can see if she does come in, like in one of your movies. That little show in the kitchen was nothing. Wait till you fill my asshole with that big hard cock. And don't you even think about cumming till I tell you. OK? You have to hold it as long as you can, OK honey?"
After slowly and sensually covering my body with oil, Lacy straddled me slowly pressing down completely taking my dick into her tight little hole. Once she was comfortable, Lacy laid back on top of me pulling my hands up to cup her perky little breast. "Now don't move," she said. "I want to ride you with your cock in my ass and make myself cum playing with my pussy. The only thing you get to move is your hands on my tits. I promise you will love it. I already do."
Lacy slowly started to slide her body around with my dick in her ass and started to rub her wet waiting pussy. As she got more and more excited her body slithered against mine, eventually pounding my dick deeper and deeper, harder and harder. Her moaning got louder and louder. It was obvious she didn't care who heard or saw us. "OH MY GOD, I wish we had a mirror so we could see me fingering my pussy with your cock buried deep in my ass! Fuck yea. I'm cumming. I love your cock in my ass. Fuck me now. FUCK MY ASS! I'm CUUUUMMMIING!" she was almost screaming. "Don't cum yet. It's my turn. Are you ready for me?"
With one loud moan, Lucy's juice flushed out of her pussy flowing over my balls like water. Sitting up she buried my dick deep in her ass one more time riding out her wave of pleasure. After pulling herself off me, she slowly started playing with the wet cum covered dick. It took all that I had not to cum till now and I couldn't hold it much longer. With a quick swift movement, I pressed my finger into my ass. That was all I could take. Stream after stream of cum flew out of my penis like a spray can exploding all over her hand. "Oh my god that was nice." Lacy said as we relaxed and settled in.
As we laid together we softly kissed, rubbing each other's bodies without a word spoken, till we drifted off to sleep. We never even got up to clean ourselves off. Still wet and sticky, we both slept peacefully wrapped in each other's arms like honeymooners too exhausted to move.
I woke up before Lacy's alarm went off. Seeing her lying there was amazing. When Beth and I had our little fantasies, it usually ended after we both had an orgasm. I never even imagined I would ever sleep with Lacy, let alone that my wife knew about it. She was so beautiful in the early morning light, I just had to wake her up the same way I woke up Beth in the living room. It was the perfect way to start her last morning here.
"Should I wake up Beth?" Lacy said softly. "I know she wants to see you and I want to say goodbye before I leave. All my clean clothes are in that room anyway." With a light smack to her cute little ass I followed her out the door. When she disappeared into the other room, I went out to the kitchen to start the coffee. It was nice to be able to walk around naked. It wasn't even anything sexual, just comfortable. It wasn't a new thing for me except the fact that Lacy was there.
Lacy and Beth came out of the room, both still naked, as I was filling the coffee pot. "Do you want breakfast before you leave?" I asked Lacy. "The coffee should be done about the time you are done with your shower." With a quick hug she told me it wasn't needed and left to get ready with Beth following close behind her. I figured they were going to shower together and thought little of it. It would be fun to watch, but I needed coffee.
A second later Beth came back into the room holding my old camcorder and a wicked smile on her face. "Do you know where the charger is for this thing? I think the battery needs to be charged and I want to play with it." Beth said with a cute little smile. It only took a second for me to grab it from the other room. As I handed her the cord from the drawer, she kissed me and said, "Thank you dear. This is going to be fun." With a very intentional wiggle of her ass, she quietly went back into the living room to plug it in.
As I stood there looking out the kitchen window wondering if it would be too late to go fishing once Lacy left, I could hear the women laughing in the other room and whispering to each other. This was nothing new. They always had their little side bar conversations and inside jokes. After a minute Lacy walked up behind me, wrapped her arms around me, and just stood there holding me close. I could tell she wasn't naked, but her still wet body felt nice against my skin.
When the coffee was finished, I broke Lacy's embrace and turned to finally get a look at what she was wearing. She looked amazing. She said it was nothing special, but it made me hard instantly when I saw it. It was a classic white cotton soft cup bra with just a hint of lace and the cutest little pink bow between her perky little tits. Her panties were basic white nylon granny panties, the same style she gave me. DAMN she looked good. But she had to go to work, so I concentrated on the coffee and let her get ready.
Smelling the coffee, Beth came into the kitchen still totally naked and came over to give me a hug. With a quick tug on my hard penis she giggled a little and said, "Don't worry I will take care of that later." It was a nice morning to just sit and drink coffee, not too hot, but just chilly enough to let me know I was still naked. We talked about Lacy's work and when she would be back. Just like most mornings when she left. To listen in you would never have known what a crazy weekend it had been.
When Lacy left us alone to get dressed and ready for work, Beth quickly came over to sit on my lap. It didn't take long for me to be fully inserted into her waiting pussy. Without much movement we were both close to orgasm. We just sat there kissing and letting things happen. Neither of us made much of a show until Lacy came back into the room dressed in her business suit ready for work. As soon as Beth saw her she gave a couple bounces up and down taking me all the way deep inside her, finishing both of us off with a subtle yet loving orgasm.
"That was sweet," Lacy said as she grabbed her cup and finished off her coffee like nothing was happening. Placing her cup next to the sink, Lacy grabbed a towel and rinsed it with warm water. "Just couldn't wait till I left could you?" Lacy said as she leaned in and gave Beth a kiss. "Here let me help you clean up." After helping Beth stand up she gently wiped her pussy clean with the towel then, after kissing the tip of my dick, used it to wipe me clean as well. It was almost funny. It felt like a nurse cleaning me up more than the woman that had just spent all weekend fucking and sucking me.
As Lacy gathered up the toys that were still scattered around the house, Beth and I went into the bedroom and slipped on our typical swimsuits. We at least needed to be covered when we walked Lacy out to her car. It was the typical departure, each one of us receiving a deep kiss and a hug with a slight pinch on my ass. I was sad to see her go, but I knew she would be back. "It really was nice to be working from home," I thought.
"Why don't you go fishing?" Beth said. "There's enough coffee left for one more cup, I know you want to. I have a few things to do inside before we go into town." As she talked, we went back inside and poured the rest of the coffee in my cup. "Give me about an hour, then we need to go get ink and printer paper." Beth said as I grabbed my fishing pole and headed out the door and down to the lake. It was a great weekend. But it was also nice to return to the normal routine, if even for an hour.
As I sat in my old chair drinking coffee and watching the sun rise, it was more like pretending to fish than anything. The coffee was gone shortly after I sat down and there wasn't any more in the house, so trying to get more was useless. And the fish weren't biting, so I decided to call it quits. At least it was a nice hour and a half watching the sun rise. I put my fishing pole and tackle box in the boat, thinking I would go out again later, and headed up the path to go back inside.
As soon as I opened the door, Beth came out of the bathroom wearing only a towel and a smile. "How long does it take the camcorder to charge?" she asked me as she took the towel from around her body and started drying her hair. "I want to check the tape before we go to town, just in case we need to get another one. That one has to be at least a year old and I'm not sure if what's on it is any good." Wrapping the towel around her head, she did a cute little twirl showing off her beautiful naked body.
I gave her a kiss on the cheek and rubbed her ass a little and said, "It has been quite a while since I've used it, so probably about two hours till it's fully charged. But you can check the tape while it's plugged in." Holding her bra up and turning around she asked me to hook it for her. "What's next? I giggled. Do you want me to pull your panties up too? If I do, my tongue is going to lick that sweet little pussy. Then we won't get to town till this afternoon. Because I won't stop till you cum for me." At that exact second I knew I should have kept my mouth shut and just offered to help.
Beth got up and walked to the other end of the table and slid her panties and shorts on. "You can do that later," she said as she pulled her t-shirt over her head and walked over to the camcorder by the TV. "Let me check this real quick. Then we can go to town. We should buy more tapes anyway. I want to play around with it this afternoon." I stood by the door as she turned the TV on and plugged the cable into the VCR that would let us watch the cassette in the recorder. "Just a quick check then we can leave, OK?" With a sweet little smile, Beth pressed play and the video started to play.
When the movie started to play all you could see was our bed room with a quick fast forward I could clearly see Lacy and I walking into the room and her pulling my panties off. I knew what was going on instantly. They hid the camera to record Lacy and I making love on our first night together. With another fast forward, Beth got to the part she wanted to see. There we were, the perfect view of Lacy riding my dick clear as day. Every movement, every sound, and every passionate kiss was recorded. The entire night was there on the screen to watch whenever we wanted. "Does Lacy know you recorded this?" I asked Beth. She just smiled, turned the TV off and started to rewind the tape.
After setting the VCR to record the camcorder a copy of the tape in the camera, we headed off to town to get the shopping done. The trip to town was torture. All I wanted to do was go home and watch the tape. Not surprising the trip was short, we grabbed what we needed, and headed home. It didn't help that every possible chance she got Beth was rubbing my dick through my pants keeping me in a constant state of arousal. It was torture and she knew it. All I can do at this point is remember the tape we get to watch when we get home. And I made sure we bought more cassettes to make more movies.
Before I even got out of the truck when we got home, I slipped my hand into the front of Beth's shorts and started playing with her soft silky panties rubbing over her clit. It wasn't long before she had a nice wet spot on her crotch, quickly leading to a quiet little orgasm. It was obvious she was as excited as I was. As we sat in the truck looking at the lake, Beth took my hand, kissed my cheek, and said "Can I watch the video alone before we watch it together? I want you to take the camera in the bedroom and make a video of you jacking off for Lacy and me." As she spoke, Beth pulled her shorts and panties off. Stuffing her panties into the front of my pants, she wrapped them around my dick pulling it a few times to tease me.
Without saying another word, or even waiting for an answer, she got out of the truck and went into the house. It was so cute the way her naked little ass wiggled as she walked away from me. Her tee shirt was just long enough that she had to lift it up a little to flash her pussy as she asked me if I was coming in. Without another word Beth disappeared through the door, only to have her shirt and bra come flying out into the yard. As I gathered her clothes I followed her in, stripping naked as soon as I got through the door.
"Put the sheer pink bra and panties on," Beth said as I walked into the kitchen. "I think they're still on the table where Lacy left them. Can you check to see if it was recorded, while I put this away?" Disappearing into the back room I could hear the buzz of the vibrator start as soon as she was out of sight. Quickly pulling the panties on, I tossed the bra on to the couch and headed to the VCR to check the tape. When Beth came back she was wearing nothing but a smile holding my purple toy deep in her pussy.
"Why aren't you wearing the bra yet?" she asked me. "Don't you like it? I love the way it looks on you. It's so cute with those panties." As I rewound the tape she settled in on the couch with the toy and a bottle of beer. What could I say, I loved the way it felt to wear my new outfit. But, at the moment I was focusing on setting up the tape for her to watch. As soon as I hit play I knew the video didn't record right. After replacing the bad VHS tape, I started the camcorder at the point Lacy and I entered the room and left it so she could watch as it recorded.
"I'm going to get the boat ready for later while you have your fun." I said as I finished. "I promise you can record me playing later. Then you can get all the shots and close-ups you want" As I pulled my swimsuit on over my panties and grabbed my shirt, I could tell she wanted more. "I'll even wear the bra and panties if you want and maybe I'll even put the little purple dick in my ass for you. Now you have fun. Let me know when your ready to eat. I'll do hot dogs on a fire by the lake. OK?"
Before I even got to the door, I could hear the soft buzz of her toy being turned on. I watched through the window for a minute as the video began to play. I thought about going back in and closing the curtains, but decided against it. No one was around to say anything and she was having fun. I had things to do, so I just left her alone and went to get the gas and tools from the shed. I did find it amusing how loud the TV was as I walked back past the cabin. If she doesn't care neither do I.
It only took a minute for me to fuel up the boat and check it out, so I decided to go for a test run around the lake. It was a nice day, the sun was out now, the birds were singing, and I had a good cigar. I had no idea how long the movie was, but my cigar would take about a half hour to smoke. That should be enough time for her to finish. I just hope the batteries in the toy last long enough.
It was very quiet and nice out on the lake alone. There were a couple people still living on the lake, like Jim, I think he lives here full time now. It's always nice to stop and chat for a few minutes. We talked about fishing and work, nothing heavy, just passing the time. As I sat there all I could really think of was wondering if he could see the panties I was wearing under my swim shorts. Either way it was too late now. With a smile and a wave I returned to my boat ride.
All weekend long I thought it was the fact that the women liked me wearing the panties that got me excited. Now I realize I actually liked wearing them, not making a point to tell everyone, but it felt a bit kinky, like I was getting away with something. And I really liked the way they felt rubbing on my skin. I think I can work with this new arrangement. The more I thought about it the harder my dick got.
Looking around the thought crossed my mind to just pull my shorts down and get myself off right there on the boat. But there were still a few people stirring around on shore, so I thought it would be better to wait. But that didn't stop a bit of cum from dripping out into my panties. As I pulled the boat up to the dock, Beth grabbed the rope and pulled the boat in to tie it up. As she bent over to tie it up she pulled her shirt up in the back, making it very obvious she had the little purple dick buried deep in her naked ass.
That was all I could take. My dick exploded inside my panties and my shorts. "Holy crap. I'm cumming in my panties," I moaned. It seemed I was having an amazing hands free orgasm sitting on the side of the boat. "That pretty little pussy of yours poking out under your perfect little ass, and the thought of licking it, just made me cum in my panties without even touching my dick. I didn't know I could do that." Once the boat was tied up I jumped into the lake quickly pulling my shorts down wiping the cum off my body and the panties before it dried.
Climbing up the boat ladder, I noticed Beth had brought the video camera with her and was turning it on. Sitting in a folding chair on the front of the boat, Beth started explaining all the cool features the camera had. I had forgotten some of the cool effects you could do with it. But she was amused and having fun. I decided to raise the canopy over the back of the boat to block some of the sun beating down on us and provide a bit of privacy, just in case.
"With that up the three people on the other side of the lake can't see us now. I like the way you think," Beth said, switching the camera to record. "Now we get to make a video for Lacy. What do you want to do for her? Or should I say to her? I hope you haven't forgotten the dreams you had before this weekend. She wants to hear it from you, not just me telling her the next day." At first I thought she was joking, being naked in the dark, or the rain when we were alone was one thing. But this was full daylight. However if I stay under the canopy of the boat, close to the back, they would have to be very close to see anything.`
"Lacy isn't here. If she wants a video, she has to record it herself." I said as I fastened the last of the canopy to the boat. "I think it's nice having you alone. for the moment. Bring the camera over here so the steering wheel isn't in the way. I'll give you something to record." Pulling my shorts off, I flashed her the back of my panties. Bending over to shut the gas off on the boat motor, I made sure she had a good view of my ass and the cotton crotch of my still wet, shiny smooth panties.
At first I tried to give a very obvious show for the camera, almost making fun of the thought that anyone would want to record me. Bending at the waist and sticking my panty covered ass in the air my hard dick and balls hung down being cradled by the smooth wet sheer nylon. "That's sexy." Beth said. "Open your legs a little so I can see it better. I love the way you look in wet panties."
Holding the camera between my legs, she started feeling my dick with the other hand. It was obvious she wanted to record this now and not wait for Lacy. After a minute of softly rubbing and teasing me she said, "I have something I want to try inside." Then she grabbed my shorts and headed into the cabin.
After Beth took my shorts away from me, I knew that I had no choice but to walk inside wearing only my panties. Though they were a bit dryer by now, in the bright sunlight they were almost as sheer as when they were the slightest bit wet. And Beth obviously liked that. As I started up the path she followed with the camera recording. "Can I just take these off?" I said stopping on the first step and turning around. "See, my dick is already hard again." It was obvious that I was showing off for the camera, as I pulled my panties down, showing off my stiff dick and balls.
"Leave them pulled down with your dick hanging out just like that," Beth said, as I reached down and waved my dick back and forth playfully for the camera. Beth reached out and gently started stroking me, making me even harder. "Leave your panties pulled down. But don't touch it. I want it to be soft for the next part of the video. And I want a shot of your dick hanging down into your panties. Besides, I love watching your naked ass going up the steps. And it's not like you're wearing your bra too. Yet." With a pat on my ass and a flash of her pussy, we headed up the path and into the house.
As I entered the cabin I could feel the breeze of the fan blow across my almost naked body. It felt good after being in the sun all morning. I had to laugh a little as the soft nylon fabric of the panties rustled in the breeze tickling my balls. As soon as she was inside Beth tossed her t-shirt on the floor, leaving her once again naked. "Now have a seat for a second," she said as she pulled my panties up. "And no playing with yourself. Wait for it a minute."
"It'll be worth it. I promise. Now, sit back and watch this while I get ready. If you have to, you can play, but don't cum yet." Beth said as she started setting up her next little adventure. Hitting play on the VCR, she handed me the remote to start the tape of Lacy and me on the TV. It was all part of her little plan. I have to admit I was a bit confused when she took our wedding picture out of the frame and placed the empty frame turned over so the glass wouldn't fall out balanced on four glasses on the floor. Without a word she positioned the camera under the makeshift table looking up through the glass.
With a gentle pat on my ass, she said "Take your panties off and stand here, over the picture frame with a leg on each side. Hold on for a second. I have an idea. I need to make a quick trip to the bedroom." Beth came back wearing just her orange bikini bottoms and handed me a pair of sheer black lace tie side panties with ruffles on the butt from a French maid costume I bought her a while ago, along with both of our vibrators freshly cleaned and ready to go on the other hand. "Don't put them on yet. I will help you when I'm ready. I hope they fit the way I want them too."
After kneeling on the floor, she positioned me over the camera giving the best view of my body from the floor's view. Beth re-checked the camera position of the view display under the glass and turned it on to record. By now I knew what she wanted to see. "This is going to be fun," I said. She just smiled at me and kissed the tip of my dick. "Is that all I get?" I said with a giggle. Before she stood up Beth sucked my dick deep into her mouth for a second and quickly licked my balls making sure I was fully erect. The video on the TV was just getting to the point where Lacy pushed me onto the bed. I knew what happened next, but now I get to watch it like it was someone else on the TV.
Beth stood up, pointed at the black panties, and told me to put them on without moving from above the camera. After this weekend I was ready for just about anything, within reason of course. As I pulled the panties between my legs I looked down at my dick sticking out in front of me. I couldn't help but wonder what it looked like from the camera's view. I know she loved to watch my balls bounce under my hand as I played, but this was going to be a whole new view for both of us. "I think I'm going to like this." I said as she tied the last string on my hip and tucked my balls behind the fabric covering as much of myself as she could.
"Do you like the movie?" Beth asked as she positioned herself tightly behind me pressing her crotch tight against my ass. "Sorry I didn't tell you about recording it. But I figured you would want to replay it and masturbate later." Reaching around me she started slowly rubbing my body and talking in her sexy little voice, just loud enough for the camera to pick it up. "I love the way your sexy little ass looks in those panties honey. It's so hot. And the best part is the way this big, hard cock sticks out of the top so I can play with it. I can't wait to show Lacy. Do you want to put the little dress on too? She would like that."
"Maybe I'll try that when she comes back," I said between deep breaths and low moans of pleasure. "Right now I just want to give her a good show. I love the way these panties feel when you press them into my ass. But, they are really tight on my balls. If I take them off you can put the little purple toy in my ass while we play with my dick. You can't do that with them on." I said leaning forward to pick the toy up off the floor. "Do you like the way my dick looks in these panties?" I paused for a second to ask the camera as I was bent over. "I want to take them off and make myself cum all over you. Do you want to see that? Can I play with my naked dick now?" I blew a kiss to the camera as I stood back up.
It only took a second for me to get back into watching the movie. It was at the point when Lacy was straddling me teasing the tip of my dick with her tight little ass. I loved that feeling. The view was amazing! Watching my dick slowly slip deep inside her, with her wet pussy wide open for us to see. Given the way the camera was hidden with clothes around it on the dresser, it still gave us the perfect view of our bodies coming together. I only wish the angle was a bit higher so we could see Lacy's face as we spent our first night together. She's beautiful when she gets like this, the look in her eyes that could tempt a heart of the most faithful of men.
As I watched the movie I thought it was interesting watching myself have sex with Lacy and remembering the events that had happened. Beth tried to match the motion as she slowly stroked my cock. I loved the way the soft fabric of the panties brushed over my balls and ass every time Beth pulled up on my dick. As we reached the part of the movie when Lacy cums with my dick deep inside her ass Beth untied my panties, took them off, and used them to wipe the little bit of cum that was dripping out with every stroke.
"OK. You can play with yourself now," she said, throwing them on the floor just off camera. "Now it's all your show," she continued as she handed me my little purple toy. "I'm going to sit over here and watch. Show Lacy how you masturbated this morning in the bathroom when you thought no one was watching. That was sexy."
Still standing over the camera I turned the vibrator on and slowly rubbed the length of my penis all the way to my ass a few times just to tease it. Using one hand to make sure my balls were not in the way, I slowly pushed the little purple vibrating dick into my ass. Leaving it there buzzing away still gently massaging my balls, I was in no hurry to end this little adventure. Eventually I started to slowly stroke my hard dick, then I noticed the way Beth was sitting with her legs open gently rubbing her toy on the outside of her bikini bottom, just smiling at me. Her eyes were fixed on the hand wrapped around my dick. Knowing that I was watching her instead of the movie, she pulled the panties off to the side and slid the tip of the vibrator smoothly into her waiting pussy.
It didn't take long the way Beth teased me for me to be full on jacking off directly above the camera. Stroking my penis with one hand and using my free hand to play with the toy in my ass. It didn't take long for me to explode in an amazing orgasm, pushing my dick downward to point it at the camera, cum shot out almost completely covering the camera. "I can't wait till you get to see this in person. I really want to play with myself while I look up your dress at your beautiful naked pussy," I said to the camera as I let the rest of my cum drip out onto the glass. "I love making myself cum for you." I wasn't even watching the movie anymore. I had no interest in seeing us sleep. "Look at this," I said. I grabbed the still recording camera from under the glass and turned it to record Beth.
As Beth sat on the couch teasing herself with her toy, watching me not really trying to get herself off, just enjoying the moment. By the look on her face it was apparent she wanted my show to last a little longer. "Are you just going to stop now?" She said as she pulled the vibrator away from her pussy and turned it off. Sitting there with her legs still wide open the fabric of her bikini stayed to the side of her pussy, giving me the perfect opportunity lick it one more time before I took her hand and helped her up. She gave the sweetest smile and said "Do you have something better in mind?"
"Let's make our own movie." I said taking her hand and leading her to the bedroom holding the camera in front of my dick to watch it jiggle as I walked. I Placed the camera on the shelf just a little above the dresser ensuring a full view of both of us. Pulling her swimsuit off, I made it a point to end at the waist spreading my ass to show the camera the toy still deep inside me. Taking my cue, Beth pushed me down on the bed just as Lacy did and started to oil me up. "I want to do the same with you as I did with Lacy." I said, turning Beth around to face the camera. Without another word she slid her body down and took hold of my dick teasing her sweet ass hole with the tip.
"Am I doing it right sweetie?" Beth said, looking directly at the camera. "Do you like seeing my pussy spread open like that while I rub my clit?" I could feel her whole body quiver as the tip of my dick popped into her tight little hole. "Oh god that feels good," she moaned as the entire shaft of my penis slid deep inside her. "I wish you were here. Wish you had your face buried in my pussy while he fucks my ass I love this feeling." She could hardly talk as she pushed herself harder and faster down on top of me.
"Slow down honey," I managed to say as I reached up and started gently caressing her tits. "We don't want me to cum too soon do we? I can't last much longer at this pace." As she slowed down and let the pleasure build again she laid back on top of me with my dick still in her ass giving me the freedom to rub her entire body. "I like that idea. I can't wait to feel her tongue lick my balls covered in your hot wet flowing pussy juice." I said, talking more to the camera than anyone else. "I can't hold it. I'm going to cum deep inside you. Please Lacy. Fuck both of us now. Finger my ass while you lick her pussy. Oh god yes. Fuck me." I could feel her fingers slamming into her pussy as we both exploded into amazing orgasms together.
Leaning forward and rubbing her tits for the camera as Beth pulled herself off of me. She kneeled on the end of the bed opening her legs even further, giving the camera a perfect view of her wet little pussy and my cum dripping out of her ass. "I like that idea. Can we do that?" Beth said into the camera. "We can both suck his dick like he's been telling me he wants. Even before all this happened." As she talked to the camera, Beth turned around and put her head between my legs, spreading her ass apart to let the rest of the cum flow out of her. "He Loves to talk about your mouth on his dick and masturbate in front of me. It's sooo hot." Once again leaning back against my chest, we drifted off to sleep with the recording still going.
It's amusing how you can go from having an amazing stretch of time to a normal every day routine over night. Like sleeping just resets the universe and reminds us life is nothing more than a day by day event. When I woke up Beth was safely cuddled into my arms as usual. I almost laid there until she woke up. However, the sun rising through the window was calling me to go fishing. Within minutes the coffee pot pushed out my daily nectar of the gods. It will be a good day.
As soon as I got dressed I was out the door with coffee in one hand and my fishing pole in the other. I couldn't help but smile as I saw my old familiar chair on the end of the dock. At the moment it was just the average, everyday thing I needed. The sunrise was peaceful, the fish were biting, and the coffee was hot. What more could I want? After the events of the weekend, it was nice to just relax and not have to think about anything but fishing. And I wanted fresh fish for dinner.
With enough fish in the bucket I put my fishing pole in the boat and headed back up to the house. I almost dropped my coffee cup when I saw Beth standing in the doorway with the coffee pot offering me a refill. She was absolutely beautiful wearing her favorite sweat pants and one of my old tee shirts. As she poured the coffee I couldn't resist pulling the front of her pants down just far enough to see her pretty little everyday white cotton panties. "Yes my bra matches." She casually let me know it was going back to the average life for a bit.
END?