Be sure to read part 1 and 2 if you haven't already.
Eric hadn't changed a bit. Well that wasn't entirely true. He was a little thicker through the chest and arms, and his hair was streaked with a tinge of gray. But his crooked smile and mischievous dancing blue eyes were the same as always. As we released our bear hug I whispered for him to keep his voice down because Lisa was napping in his bed. I saw him look towards the open door and freeze. I followed his gaze to where my sexy wife was stretched out on her stomach with my oversized tank top barely covering her firm round ass. Her legs were slightly parted so the thin strip of white silk covering her pussy was just visible. I could even make out a slight camel toe. My cock began to stir.
He gave me a crooked grin and a wink before we managed to pull ourselves away and head into the kitchen. "Damn! You are one lucky SOB bro. I wish I could find a woman like that."
"You have no idea," I said with pride.
"After the show you two have been putting on, I think I have a pretty damned good idea," he laughed. "She is one sexy woman!"
"She will be thrilled that you said so I'm sure. Honestly I don't know what has gotten into her lately. I suggested that she start dressing sexier, thinking I was probably going to piss her off. She ignored me, or so I thought until we got ready for this trip, and then she comes strolling out in a wife beater and a tiny skirt as her travel clothes. The next thing I knew she was coming like Old Faithful while a trucker stared down at her tits and at my fingers buried in her pussy."
Eric still had that big shit eating grin on his face as he popped the top on a beer. "It sounds like you may have unwittingly given permission for your wife to fulfill one of her secret fantasies. Has she ever talked about being an exhibitionist before?"
"No never, she has always been a little too conservative in my opinion. Her parents were very religious, and she was brought up to be a good girl. Hell, she even wore a one piece to a friend's pool party last summer, even though her body is still near perfection. Even so, all the other guys were staring at her all night. Come to think of it, she did attack me as soon as we got in the car that night. Maybe she does get off on men lusting after her."
"Most women do, in my limited experience," he joked. "Being desired is a strong aphrodisiac. I'll bet she fantasizes about..." Eric stopped in mid-sentence as Lisa appeared in the doorway. She was still dressed in the oversized tank top and panties that she had fallen asleep in.
"Who fantasizes about what?" Lisa grinned.
Eric seemed a little off balance at first but he quickly recovered, as he reached to take her hand. "Oh, just talking about the old days" he lied. "I'm really glad you guys are here."
She gifted him with a dazzling smile as she thanked him for inviting us and gushed about his beautiful home. Their eyes remained locked as they shared niceties before she finally extracted her hand and her gaze from his, and sashayed slowly to my side. I watched Eric's eyes follow her heart shaped ass peeking out from the bottom of her tank top. Her firm breasts swayed slightly as she walked and the stiff nipples tented the thin fabric. She stretched up on her toes to give me a sultry open mouthed kiss, and I saw Eric's eyes widen as the bottom of her sheer white bikini panties came into view.
She tuned to face Eric, "Well I've heard some stories about the old days, but I have a feeling there is more to them than David is willing to admit. Maybe I can persuade you to fill in some of the details that he doesn't want to share with his wife."
"Man code alert" he said with a serious look. "Our secrets go to with us to our graves." He stepped closer to whisper in her ear loud enough to be heard from the next room; "What did you have in mind to persuade me?"
Lisa gifted him with a sultry smile as she leaned in so that her breasts were pressed against his arm and whispered just as loudly "Wait until David falls asleep and I'm sure we can work something out," giving me a little wink as she turned away.
I was happy that they were hitting it off so well. Lisa had seemed so nervous about meeting Eric after she learned that he had seen us fuck that first night when he checked the security camera on his IPAD. But now that he was finally here she seemed perfectly relaxed.
Eric opened a can of frozen lime juice and began pouring Don Julio and Gran Marnier liberally into the blender. "As I recall David was always a lightweight. A couple of these and he will be dead to the world, then we can discuss those details," he said with a wink.
"Fuck you Bro! I can still drink you under the table, but I take my tequila on the rocks these days like a man. You girls can drink that watered down koolaid shit if you want to."
Eventually we migrated to the Den, Lisa and I on the Sofa and Eric across from us in a big oversized leather chair. He opened a small drawer in the table beside him and produced a joint. "Do you guys partake?"
Back home in Knoxville Lisa doesn't much like it on the rare occasion when I get together with my stoner friends, so I was surprised when she said "It's vacation, we are in Florida, why not?"
As we passed it around and sipped our drinks, I noticed Lisa's legs were slightly parted, and Eric was having a hard time keeping his eyes focused on our faces. From his angle I knew the tank did nothing to hide the silky crotch of her panties, and it offered some incredible side boob shots as well if she leaned slightly forward. I felt my cock stir at the thought of him looking at my wife's most intimate parts. Only that silky white strip of fabric was keeping him from seeing the luscious pink folds of her pussy. Her nipples were as hard as diamonds beneath the thin white fabric. Suddenly I found myself wondering if she was damp.
On impulse I whispered in her ear "Is it making you wet showing The Don your panties?" She just smiled and slowly put her heels up on the coffee table as she nestled into my armpit. Then as Eric's eyes again drifted between her legs she drew her knees up and let them drift slightly apart, leaving no doubt that she was intentionally giving him a clear view of her charms.
My cock was instantly stiff, and I noticed that Eric had to rearrange the bulge growing down the leg of his shorts too. Lisa just kept chatting away like she didn't notice at first, asking him questions and giggling like a school girl at his witty replies. But then with a sharp intake of breath she paused in mid-sentence as her eyes froze on the huge bulge stretching his shorts. It was an awkward moment, but a quick thinking Eric rescued her by excusing himself to make another pitcher of margaritas in the kitchen.
As for me I was already feeling the effects of sipping the straight tequila. Between that, the weed, and the hard on straining against my shorts my imagination was going to all sorts of taboo places. It didn't help that Lisa kept lightly tracing her fingernails up and down my inner thigh.
As soon as he was out of the room she whispered "Oh my God, did you see that thing? It's huge!"
"Well I guess he comes by his nickname honestly then" I replied. "Can't blame him for getting hard though. I thought you were gonna be mortified when you met him. Instead you stroll out in just panties and that tank, like we are home alone. The poor guy has been trying to sneak glimpses of your boobs and pussy all night."
"Well it's not like there's anything he hasn't already seen is there? It doesn't make sense to act like a prude now. Besides you don't seem to mind him looking at me." she purred as her hand slid higher to squeeze my hard cock. "Do you like me teasing your hunky friend baby?"
"I could try to lie, but I guess you have the evidence in your hand so there's no point. The question is; How much do you like teasing him?" I asked as I lightly rubbed her clit through her soaked panties.
She jumped as I strummed her clit. "Mmmmmm, I could try to lie too, but you have the evidence in your hand don't you? This is making me soooooo fucking horny baby! I never dreamed acting so slutty could be so much fun. You'd better take me to Eric's bedroom and fuck me soon or I can't be responsible for what happens."
"We can't be rude to our host on his first night home now can we? I mean, I'm sure he would love to watch on his IPAD again from right next door. But there will be time for that soon enough."
I slipped a finger under the side of her panties and deep into her steamy tunnel. She moaned loud enough that I wondered if Eric heard from the kitchen, so I slipped a second finger in and wiggled them in her G spot bringing an even louder moan. Then on impulse I pulled them out and slid them between her lips. She licked and sucked her juices from them like they were candy. I then kissed her deeply tasting her excitement as my tongue explored her mouth.
"Damn! I can't leave you too alone for a minute can I?" Eric announced loudly as he entered the room with another pitcher and another tall glass of tequila on the rocks for me.
Lisa blushed slightly as she pulled away quickly. Eric sat my drink down on the coffee table and bent over to refill Lisa's glass. As he did I followed his eyes as they fixed once again between her legs. This time however I saw that I had failed to pull her panties back into place, and her shiny pink labia was partially exposed to our lusty gaze. The crotch of her panties was basically bunched up into a wet patch in the middle, and a shiny drop of her clear juice was slowly running down her left ass cheek. Apparently she was totally unaware of the lewd spectacle that she was showing to two horny men, or was she?
Suddenly the margarita began to overflow on the coffee table. "Shit!" Eric grunted, as he quickly stripped off his shirt to throw on the sticky mess before it dripped on the expensive rug underneath.
Lisa's eyes widened to saucers as his chiseled 6 pack was exposed. Of course without the T-shirt his large bulge was now even more obvious too. A fact that wasn't lost on my wife judging from the look on her face. She had instinctively leaned forward to help contain the mess and now his swollen crotch was inches from her face.
"You seem a little flustered Bro." I teased. "Those Rita's too strong for you ladies?"
I stood up and immediately stumbled on my way to the kitchen for a wet towel, and of course that brought a laugh and a smart ass comment from Eric. Just as I realized that I had probably had about enough myself, that's when the idea struck me.
After we cleaned up the mess and got settled in with our drinks Eric lit another joint. As we passed it around and the conversation lagged I started yawning and letting my eyes drift shut and my head nod forward. Lisa asked if I wanted to go to bed, and I purposely slurred "No I'm fine, I just want to stay up a while longer." Soon I was leaning on her, and she got up and let me stretch out on the big sofa.
She moved to the loveseat situated near the door at a 45-degree angle to the sofa near my feet. After tossing a blanket on me Eric joined her. I made a point to keep my breathing shallow and keep my eyes closed, although with the blanket I found that I could open a tiny slit to see what they were up to without being noticed.
From where I was positioned I could see that they had to sit very close with their legs touching each other to fit on the loveseat. They laughed about my apparent condition and then settled back and began talking quietly between themselves so they wouldn't disturb me. I noticed that Eric had his arm casually draped behind her on the loveseat. It was hard to make out much of what they were saying and before long I caught myself actually drifting off. The next thing I remember is waking up and not knowing where I was. The lights were dim and as I roused myself I realized that I was alone.
Suddenly wide awake I sat up and looked around. There was a dim light emanating from underneath Eric's bedroom door. I wondered if they had decided to go on to bed and just let me sleep it off on the couch, but there was no light on in the guest bedroom where Eric was supposed to be sleeping. Hmmm, could that mean that they were both in Eric's room together?
I looked around frantically until I spotted Eric's IPAD on the coffee table. I grabbed it and found the security companies ICON and quickly tapped it. I typed in the password 696996 and the screen popped up with a square for every camera in the house. I saw movement in Eric's bedroom and tapped the square to bring it to full screen.
There before my eyes was my most taboo wet dream come to life. It was my sweet conservative wife dressed in her white teddy. The crotchless one I had to beg her to wear for me. She was doing a slow seductive dance for my friend Eric, who I now noticed was sitting in a chair on the far side of the room. I could clearly hear You Can Leave your Hat On by Joe Cocker playing through the small speaker as she swayed seductively while running her hands all over her body. She would dance almost within reach of Eric then turn and strut away towards the camera. On her return trip she smacked a wandering hand away as she turned her back to him again, but this time instead of walking away she lowered herself onto his waiting lap and began doing a slow grind.
"MMmmmmm, now I understand where you got your nickname" she said as she slid her naked pussy up and down his large bulge. It was then that I realized that the only thing between them was the thin satin material of his jogging shorts. His hands had wondered underneath the fabric of her silky teddy, and I could see that he was now tweaking her nipples just the way she likes it. This time instead of slapping his hands away, she placed her hands over his and twisted her body to give him a wet passionate kiss.
He lifted her up and turned her around so that she was now facing him with her knees outside his hips. Then he pulled her close for another kiss as his hands roamed her body freely. One big hand gripped a firm ass cheek as the other tweaked her nipple and he began to guide her grinding motions against his stiff erection.
Jealousy, fear, and even a little anger all competed with the extreme arousal I was feeling. My stomach felt like it was in knots, but at the same time my cock was throbbing and making a big sticky mess in my underwear. I wanted to burst in and stop it, but somehow I knew that if I did I would always wonder what might have happened. Besides hadn't I given them both the ok to do whatever they wanted if they got the chance?
In the end my little head made the decision. I freed my cock from the tight confines of my shorts, being careful not to touch it more than was necessary to take it out for fear that I would cum too soon.
I watched fascinated as my bride slid to her knees between his legs and he raised his hips so that she could remove his shorts. She gasped as it sprung up and smacked her unexpectedly in the face as the elastic waistband slid past his huge balls.
I found that the angle from above and across the room gave me a bird's eye view of the action. I used the zoom feature to pull the picture in closer. Lisa looked up into his eyes as she slowly ran her tongue from his big smooth balls to the shiny head of his cock. From here it looked to be about a foot long and as big around as a red bull can, but that could be way off. I'm certainly no expert. She lapped at the clear precum oozing liberally from his swollen cockhead before slowly lowering her warm wet mouth over it and sliding the first couple of inches in.
"Mmmmmmm" they moaned in unison. She let it slip from her mouth then slowly pressed it deeper until it hit the back of her throat. I could tell that she was struggling. After a few tries she can usually manage to get my entire 7" into her throat, but this beast was another matter entirely. As she lifted her head again I could clearly see her saliva and his precum glistening on the first few inches of his shaft. After a few more tries she managed to get maybe 5 inches into her throat, but it became apparent that she couldn't take it all, so she began to suck in earnest. Eric's hand was tangled in her hair as he guided her up and down on his slick shaft. I was afraid that he might be hurting her, but her moans sounded more like pleasure than pain. I noticed that her pussy looked like it was soaked so I refocused the camera and zoomed in tight.
It was literally dripping! Her lips were swollen and bright pink, and her entire crotch was covered in her juices. Her hips were making little round fucking motions as she sucked and slobbered happily on that big throbbing cock. It was just then that "The Don" pulled her reluctantly from it. It left her mouth with a pop as it slapped wetly against his abs. He lifted her back up onto his lap, but this time there was no thin piece of cloth separating their privates. He slipped the straps of her teddy down and freed her lovely C cup breasts. Lisa's head lolled backwards as she experienced the pleasure of his tongue and lips bathing her nipple with warmth for the first time. The rocking motions of her hips increased in both length and intensity as she smeared her excitement up and down the base of his thick shaft.
Suddenly Lisa moaned loudly. I didn't need the IPAD speaker to hear her. The sound resonated through the wall. If I had to describe the sound it was really more of a deep animal growl than a moan. It was a sound that I had never heard from her before. As the Don switched his attention to her other nipple she growled again and shoved him back in the chair. Apparently she was done waiting. She raised up on her knees until she could position the tip of his swollen member at the opening to her pussy. She reached between her legs and rubbed the huge head between her lips a few times to get it nice and wet, and then she pressed down.
Now it was Eric who moaned loudly. I remember thinking "God I know just how good that feels" and being filled with a sense of pride. My friend was experiencing the intense pleasure of her soft folds, that had been reserved only for me for the last 11 years. I couldn't help myself. Without ever touching it my cock erupted, shooting stream after stream of hot cum on my belly and splashing the screen before I could react. My eyes glazed and I slumped back into the sofa and nearly passed out with the pleasure.
When I began to come back to my senses Lisa still only had about half of Eric's monster inside of her tight little pussy. She was raising up until only the tip was in her and then sliding slowly back down his shiny cock. Each time she would take a little more before she had to stop. Eric seemed content to let her set the pace. I guess he knew from experience that she would need some time to adjust to his size.
I grabbed the towel from the earlier spill and cleaned the cum from myself, never taking my eyes off the screen. Already my cock was coming back to life as I watched little beads of sweat form on my wife's lip as she tried to force more of that that big donkey dick deeper inside her formerly tight little hole. She raised up again and then slammed down hard with a moan. It was obvious when he hit bottom. The remaining couple of inches bent slightly under the pressure but refused to go inside. At the same time Lisa began to wail like a lost soul as her body thrashed about in ecstasy and her juices flowed down his balls onto the bed.
Eric waited patiently for the tremors to subside until she finally collapsed on his chest. He gave her a minute, no doubt just enjoying the final convulsions of her tight warm cunt. Funny, I had never used or even thought of that word to describe my wife's vagina. But somehow after seeing it stretched beyond recognition with her cum running down my friend's huge shaft it seemed appropriate. She was acting like a wanton slut who needed her little cunt stretched by my friend's huge donkey dick, and I loved seeing her totally lose herself to her lust.
Once she had regained some composure Eric stood up, still buried deep inside of her. His big hands each cupped an ass cheek and he began sliding her up and down his slick shaft. Her arms were wrapped around his neck and her face buried in his chest as he began to use her cunt for his pleasure.
As his pace increased I heard that animal wail begin again deep in her chest, quietly at first but it quickly picked up intensity. It was then that he walked her to the door, the one place in the room that I couldn't focus the camera damn it. Then I heard it rattle as her back pressed against it before it really started to shake!
Every thrust into her threatened to tear the door from its frame. She was moaning and screaming and babbling incoherently as the Don fucked her. I moved closer.
She sounded like she was cumming continuously, and he was groaning and grunting as well as he fucked her mercilessly. His pace quickened and I could hear the wet slapping of their bodies where they were joined even over their moans of ecstasy. Then the pumping became more sporadic and Eric's grunts and groans more pronounced. Suddenly he gasped "Where do you want me to cum?"
Without hesitation my bride croaked "Fill my pussy you big fucking stud! I want to feel you in my womb when you cum!" Then she screamed "Oh my God!!" as he unloaded streams of his hot sperm deep into my sweet little conservative wife's swollen cunt.
I assume Eric's knees must have buckled then, because they slid to the floor. I could hear lots of heavy breathing and then quiet talking as they made their way over to the bed. I was shocked at what I saw when Lisa came back into camera view. She flopped back on the bed obviously exhausted with her legs splayed wide. Her pussy was gaping and red, and a steady stream of cum was leaking down the crack of her ass. The teddy was in shreds still around her waist, but obviously ripped apart to get better access to her charms. She looked like a well-used, totally satisfied slut, and I had never wanted her more or been more proud.
After a few minutes had passed Eric roused himself and gave her a kiss on the lips, they spoke quietly for a minute. Finally he got up, put on his shorts and walked to the door. I felt awkward seeing him face to face knowing that he had just deposited his seed deep inside my wife, but he gave me a sideways grin and walked right up to me.
"Hey Bro, are you ok?" he said putting his hand on my shoulder. "I hope you got to watch like you wanted. Oh my God she is one sexy woman!" he gushed.
"I did" I replied. "That was fucking amazing! I had no idea that she had it in her to let go like that. It was better than I could have hoped."
"Well I'm happy to have been of service brother. You guys are into some kinky shit, but hey, I'm game to help out any time you want me to." he laughed. "I was ready for another round, but she was concerned about you. She asked me to send you in."
"Thanks man. Oh by the way you might want to sterilize your IPAD before you tune in. I might have accidentally sprayed it." I said with a sheepish grin.
"Hmmmm, well I might have accidentally sprayed something of yours too bro, so no worries." He grinned before heading to the bathroom to wash up.
Lisa was still splayed on the bed when I opened the door. She looked so fucking sexy at that moment that I could barely control myself, but seeing the look of concern on her face I did.
"Are you ok?" she looked like she was about to cry as the words came tumbling out. "God baby, I only meant to tease him a little and then take you to bed and fuck you silly, but then you fell asleep and I was so turned on and..."
I kissed her, softly at first, but then with more passion. I felt the tenseness seep from her body as I held her close and whispered in her ear how much I loved her.
"It was the most incredible thing I've ever experienced baby. I won't lie, the emotions threatened to overpower me at first. I almost ran in there to stop it, but I'm glad I didn't. I wanted you to have a mind blowing experience. Pure animal lust! It sure looked and sounded as if you had that in spades. I love you more now than ever, and I have never wanted you so badly in my life! I want you to fill in all of the details that I missed before you went in the bedroom later, but right now I just need to reclaim what is mine."
She winced as I slid into her slippery tunnel, but didn't object. Even though she was not nearly as tight as I was used to, and the combination of their cum made her so slick I could hardly feel the sides, I still only lasted a couple of minutes before adding my cum to his. The pictures kept running through my mind of his cock stretching her out and I just couldn't hold it back. I fucked her like a wild man then came so hard I nearly passed out. Afterwards she told me what happened after I fell asleep on the sofa as we cuddled.
"He sat down very close to me, and of course I was already turned on from being such a naughty little wife and letting him see my panties. I could feel the heat of his body next to mine and smell his manly scent. It was somehow different than yours, and I found It strangely arousing. He finally broached the subject of watching us fuck that first night on camera, and then watching us on the porch this morning. You didn't tell me he saw that too, you naughty boy. Anyway I was embarrassed but drunk and high enough to be bold, so I asked him if he liked watching us. He told me that he was so turned on that he had to jerk off. Then he asked me if it made me hot knowing that he had seen us. I couldn't lie. I told him about my newfound kink of showing off my body to turn men on, and even told him about the truck driver on the trip down. It was then that he kissed me. It was a long sensual kiss and I just felt all of my reservations melt away. He asked if I would like to show off for him, and that's when I decided to put on that teddy and dance for him. I still convinced myself that I would just tease him and send him to his own room to jerk off thinking about me. The thought of that was so hot! But when I saw his big bulge straining against his shorts and I knew it was there because he was lusting after me, I just lost all control. God baby, do you hate me? I couldn't blame you if you did."
"I love you more than ever Lisa. I mean if you developed feelings for him I would never forgive myself, but as long as it's just sex I am thrilled that you got to experience that."
"My feelings are only for you lover." she purred. "You are the only man I will ever love."
We kissed passionately before she settled her head on my shoulder contentedly.
Just before we drifted off to sleep she whispered "Of course we will be here for the rest of the week. Just imagine the fun we could all have together."