"So you tagged my baby girl."
"Morning to you too Rock." Zach Pedigo stepped into the front office of Teleki's Vinyl Siding and Insulation. For once Rockwell "Rocky" Teleki's wife Angel wasn't greeting him at the door. Zach, priding himself on being early left himself a target for just such a greeting. Mano to Mano.
"I overheard my kid bragging to the wife about you. All night long I had to hear Angel begging me to pay you to fuck her. As if I'm fuckin' rich. Bad enough I paid you to take Cleo to lunch and you didn't even get lunch."
"I fed her." Zach dared to chuckle, "She went back for seconds."
"Yer a riot Pedigo."
"If you want that cash back I still have it. Just so you know I'm honest about things."
"Honest, huh? So, Mister Honesty...how was it?"
"How was what?" Zach winced with a bit of confusion until Rocky's eyes gave away what he wanted to hear, "Are you asking how your kid was in bed? Well, hood of her car?"
"Hood of her car? Tell me you didn't dent the hood."
"Not a scratch Rocky. Her nails were in her hair." He laughed.
"I'm not asking how good she was...I'm asking if she treated you right? If I've taught Cleo anything it's about respect."
"She respects me. For the record? Hottest pussy this side of Italy."
Zach rubs it in expecting to be yelled at. Instead Rocky Teleki clams up wagging his finger at Zach, "Don't let Angel hear you say that, it'll be a freakin' competition. God love 'em both. Alright, Pedigo...how much?"
"How much? Do I like Cleo?"
"Naaa! How much to tap Angel like she's never been hit before?"
"Seriously? Rock I'm not a gigolo. Well, I could be, but I don't want your money unless it's for an honest days work. Even though my hands have calluses from hell I actually like siding homes. Not so much the insulation part, too hot in those breathing uniforms."
"$500 bucks more on top of each paycheck for once a week. Keep Angel happy, I'll be happy. Long as I get that halo wrapped around my fat boy daily, I'm in her side of Heaven."
"I gotta ask, do you even have sex with Angel?"
"Course, I do. Just...not as often as I could. Me and the little blue pill don't always work well together. Seesaw effect if ya need the truth. She loves me and long as I let her do her thing she's dedicated."
"There's always the other guys working here that keep her busy. I hear there's outsiders dropping by too."
"True dat. She has a nice little black book for sure. Thing is...none of them make her primal. I need to see savage bitch Pedigo."
"So, your plan is on watching me fuck your wife."
"$600." Rocky seemed desperate.
"What do you get from watching guys fuck your ole' lady? Not sure how I feel about you drooling over my ass." Zach chuckled as cars began pulling up outside. The midget wrestler Stormy Belair and a van of the other crew members, still no Cleo. "Cleo have school today?"
"Until noon. She's meeting Angel to get all pampered. I heard you gnawed off her fingernail, the one with the heart. Trying to tell her something?"
"In a way. She got attached overnight Rock. Don't you think she needs a reminder that, that kind of thing only works in the movies? I like the kid Rock, definitely not in love. We talked, I hope it sank in."
"Raised my kid to be tough as...nails...yeah, she might need a few spankings to correct her thoughts." Her Dad laughed, his belly jiggling under pressure.
"No problem there. I might consider a one time $800 bucks for a day with Angel."
"8? I offered 6." Rocky grumbled with a grimace, "Fine. I'm watching though."
"I have conditions. No comply not your guy."
"Name it."
"So I know you don't interfere you're getting tied to a chair and gagged." Zach laughs.
"You're a bastard Pedigo. Done."
"Cleo watches me too. While she's sitting in your lap." Zach was pushing just to hear him break the deal, he really didn't need the money that bad, yeah...he did. Dammit!
"You gotta be kiddin' me? Cleo won't..."
"She will. BET ON THAT." Voice raised Zach made a point.
"Why you gotta bring my kid into this?"
"You get respect your way, I'll get it my way. Mull it over Boss. The crew's here so let's talk about this later." Saved by the front door opening their words fade. As the male workers made their way to the warehouse, Stormy moved next to Zach's leg and tugged his jeans.
"So, you taking the money?" She chuckled.
"How the hell do you know...?"
"Come on Mr. Universe, girls talk." A wink at Rocky meant another round of belly jiggles, "I'll pay you a $100 bucks just to finger me. Hell your digits are bigger than most dicks I frequent."
"Do I even need to put up siding? I might as well just take the money and a week off."
"You can take your own kid to Wild Waves." Rocky grinned pouring coffee then adding his favorite Irish Whisky to the mix. "Kids love water parks."
"Making enough waves as it is." Zach rolls his eyes.
Below him Stormy pulls a $100 dollar bill out of her wallet and fans it at him. "Take this with the fingers you plan on using up my sweet ass pussy Magic Mike."
"I never said I'd..." The temptation became too great. With a paycheck two weeks away and the measly hundred his Dad gave him Zach was already broke. Except for the lunch money Rock gave him yesterday. Plucking the hundred from Stormy's stubby fingers made her laugh, "That a boy Zachy. We can use that mobile home counter I been dying to climb up on. Closest I'll ever get to any island hopping. I don't do planes. It's a height thing...don't you even make fun of that."
Shaking his head Zach walked away. He knew desperation was the only reason he even accepted the offer. Not that Stormy wasn't cute, she was gorgeous, just in a pint sized package. Having muscles only added to her uniqueness. She was Emma Watson as a little person. That certainly would help if he took her up the Hermhiney. Even Zach rolled his eyes on that jest from Harry Potter. Chuckling to himself he said, "I'm sounding like Heidi more every day."
Mrs. Chang's Nail Salon...
"Oh, my God! I'm sounding like Zach more every day." What a coincidence, great minds think alike. Heidi Baker ate an eggroll brought to work by her friend Chi Ki alias Cheeky, mainly because the girl had slightly puffed cheeks, both on her face and in her behind. Like Heidi's stepsister Kayla she too had a few extra pounds, not as dramatically noticeable but still evident. The two girls had gotten chummy over the last four months that Heidi had worked for Margaret Chang, confidante level to be precise.
"Why you say that?" Cheeky chewed her eggroll aggressively.
"Just thinking out loud. Tom...Zach...I call him Tom a lot because I feed his ego."
"So egoroll?" Cheeky giggles lifting her Tupperware dish of eggrolls.
"Works for me. He's kind of like sweet and sour sauce. Really sweet but can kind of get dominant. Don't think the worst, he hasn't hurt me in any way. What I mean is he's fun to be around, kind of like the Dad I never had in my life, yet, almost older brother I never had too."
"You like him." Cheeky teases her with an index finger tapping the tip of Heidi's nose.
"I like Weaver, a boy at the Mall. Zach's cool, just too ancient for me. Besides that, he prefers other girls, especially when I set him up. Just in the week I've known Tom he's hooked up with 4 other girls, a fifth I'm pretty sure I could arrange, once she moves in officially."
"He get around." Cheeky flares her eyes, "he man whore."
"Only because of me. Three of those girls I set him up with. The fourth is...do you remember the other day when that girl sat down at your nail booth then jumped up and ran out?"
"Gemma Chan? I love her."
"No, the black...mixed girl, superhot?"
"Yes, she was cute. I like Gemma better."
"You into girls?" Heidi winced at her friend suspiciously.
"Are you?" She winced back just before laughing.
"Nope. Don't even think it Cheeks. Anyways, the mixed hottie is the daughter of Tom's boss. He had her in his lap in two days on his own. Car hood in a rainstorm even. The old fart has game that's for sure."
"Set me up."
Heidi freezes for a moment pondering the possibility, then she considers that Chi Ki being Chinese might give Zach flashbacks to his ex-wife Yushea. Better to let this one slide, of course testing the theory by just a friendly visit could discover how he feels about Asian girls these days. That, and Heidi was always hopeful for a creamy launch when Zach took it out on her body as appreciation. His cum was so powerful and yummy that she could literally place it at the head of the table amid her dietary needs.
"Give me a ride home later. If he's home you can offer him a few of these eggrolls for dinner. Just don't...talk about Cleo...that I told you about her and Yushea." Eyes erupting the second she mentioned Yushea, Heidi closes her eyes and grits her teeth.
"Who Yushea?" Just as she questions the name Chi Ki caught on, "Ohhh, Gemma Chan."
"Grrrrr!"
"Zach know Gemma?"
"Wench if you say a word I'll...ugh! Yushea, Gemma is Zach's ex-wife. That day here was the first time I'd met her. I didn't want to tell her I was Zach's roommate because she was still in love with him. I don't need the drama. I haven't even told Zach about meeting her because it's none of my business. Soooo...zip it."
"I rather unzip it. Him I mean." She winks playfully.
"I'm going to regret having you drop by tonight aren't I?"
"You set me up."
"Cheeky? Please don't tell him about Cleo or Yushea. Promise me?"
"I only talk about him. Guys like it when it all about them." A sudden pout makes Chi Ki look pathetic, "Besides, me lonely."
"I hate you."
"You looooooooooove meeeeee." Chi Ki gets goofy and swoons around Heidi, "Customer. Lunch over."
"So is my life if Zach finds out about Yushea. I'm so toast."
Honesty was not always the best policy. Maybe lying wasn't so bad after all.
"I just had my hair done Momma."
"A lady needs to stay ahead in the beauty department Cleopatra. Just look at me...perfection." Angel Teleki twirled in step wearing a similar yarn style dress as Cleo had worn to the mall yesterday, only in black to accent her chocolate flesh. Luckily, the rain had ended long ago, this dress would not be ruined. Cleo had been forced to toss it out at work and wear sweats after lunch yesterday. Thankfully, her Father had no questions, unlike her Mother. Momma Slut just knew. Twenty questions with ten of those questions recycled led to a giddy Mother/ daughter evening at home. Rocky's poker night gave them a reprieve. Today? Angel felt like splurging, her daughter made her very happy hearing of she and Zach's exploits. It would be Mommy's turn soon enough, now that Rocky and Angel had spoken over the phone just before work. Rock could not figure out how to access customer accounts on the computer, He could not run a business without his lovely ladies. He would need to now, both girls had shut their cells off.
"Why aren't we going to Auntie's to get our hair done? I can order a new dress while we're there."
"Your Aunt is booked. I checked. She always comes first, you know that. This is a one time in the moment adventure. We rarely do these now that you're older. I miss my baby."
"Still your baby. Just of age now." Cleo giggles, "Zach likes my hair with the frosted tips. He said I reminded him of the 70's looks."
"Get Christy Love? That man needs a reality check, this is 2019. I love that look too." Angel hugged her daughters arm, while eying her hair, "It is cute. Okay, let me get my hair done at least. Maybe...we can stop by Zach's daughters nail salon. You can fix that chipped away nail, I can get mine done to shock your Father."
"Mine stays blank. Zach told me it was his invisible touch. Oh my God! I can still feel him gnawing the paint off as he sucked my fingertip."
"I hope he doesn't get sick ingesting the paint."
"Yeah, I hear fingernail paint can make dicks go limp."
"It better not. I wanna sample of that big boy."
"It'll happen, you know that."
"So he did talk about me."
"Some. He just doesn't want the job to suffer because of attachments. He needs us as much as we need him."
"Stormy and the boys did say Zach was a go getter on the job." Angel fidgets a bit as they enter the hair salon. Being in a primarily African American area of Seattle, the salon favored black in both customers, and hair stylists. A sparse mixed variety of both in tiny numbers. One white female stylist, one Asian customer, two black male stylists that were obviously gay men so far out of the closet they probably hung their fur coats from chandeliers. Freezing as a stylist approached, Cleo noticed the Asian woman. Before they could sit Angel, Cleo confirmed in her mind just who the woman was. Sure enough it was Zach's ex-wife Yushea. Without directly telling Angel she pulled her back with an expression of worry. "What is it Baby?"
"Can we go somewhere else. I just...recognized someone I really don't want to talk to."
"Who Baby?"
Growling under her breath Cleo points at the Asian woman drying her hair under a dryer. Using Angel to hide behind helped, Yushea did look their way as if curious.
"Who is she?" Angel whispered.
"If I tell you, you cannot tell Zach. He doesn't know about my knowing her, nor about Heidi meeting her. Heidi and I know the trouble she caused him while they...were married."
"Married? That girl is Zach's..." Angel stares, "She's cute. Too bad. I say we get nosey and learn about Zach."
"I knew you were gonna do this the hard way. I'll wait in the car."
"Excuse me. Didn't I run into you at Mrs. Chang's nail salon the other day?" Too late. Busted.
"Ohhh yeah! You were in the seat next to me, I remember. Hi." Cleo worked her wonderous personality.
"You ran off so fast after telling the girl what you wanted done." While caught in the middle Angel patted Cleo's shoulder with a wink and joined her stylist, leaving her to deal with Yushea on her own. Excusing herself with a smile Angel bid farewell to the women.
"I forgot something at school. I go to college. I didn't want anyone stealing it...iPod. Not cheap for vintage ones."
"Ah! I thought perhaps it was because of my saying the initials of your man were the same as my ex-husbands. Z.I.P.? Zachary Ian Pedigo."
"What? Nooo! My man is African...Z'ak...uzz'I P'ditris." Cleo froze trying to come up with a viable replacement name. There was a Pediatrist next door, and a Jacuzzi sales across the street. Goofy she knew, but it worked. Yushea seemed shocked as she rolled the name across her thoughts, something was wrong here. "He's French Congo."
"I see. You do know Zach, don't you? Please be honest."
"I definitely do not know any Pedingo." Cleo added a letter humorously to his name. His dick was huge and Mandingo was a book her Mom talked about often.
"Pedigo." Shea corrected her suspiciously, "I'm so very sorry if I seem stressed. Zach, my Zach and I had a rough marriage, I won't get into it, again I'm truly sorry."
"No need. We've all had rough relationships. Ummm! Is your hair dry?" Cleo points at Shea's wet mane of black hair. "Are you getting a perm?"
"Shoot! Yes. Come sit with me?" Shea drags Cleo against her will to the hair dryer and sits her in the vacant seat next to her, lowering the dryer back over her head. "I wanted something different. I've never tried a perm before."
"Can I be honest with you?"
"Yes."
"Don't go curls, it's gonna make you look old."
"Really?" Shea freaked for a moment, "I...don't want Zach to see me as...old."
"I thought this Zach was your ex?"
"He is. I've been considering trying to patch things up with him. I...just want to look my best."
"Need to lose the perm idea. Try dressing better too."
"This is not what I normally wear. I've been looking for work, thus the business suit." Shea was wearing black dress slacks, and a white button down with minimal cleavage shown, even though she had fairly large breasts. A choker about her neck made Shea, share a bit of intimate fashion. As she fondled it Cleo took note.
"Love the choker."
"Zach gave it to me just before we split up. It reminds me what I lost. I was just...too young and naïve to realize what and where he was going. I...sad to say, liked the company of other men, without Zach knowing. I'm sorry if I'm making myself look bad."
"You have my attention. I have to wait on my Momma anyways."
"You're so sweet. I really do need someone to talk to. My confidence these days is very low. I was seeing a man named Sam, he's opening a new bar uptown soon. We broke up a month ago, and it's been solely Zach on my mind since. I...think I realize now what I let go. Zach was always...different."
"Different how?" Cleo took interest.
"I really shouldn't be talking about our past. I'm certain he's moved on anyway, he's very handsome, very in shape..." A wink toward Cleo led to..."Well endowed."
"Awesome." Cleo giggled, "Keep going, I'm all ears." As if she didn't already know.
"He...was getting...freaky toward the end, this choker...kind of ownership?" Shea winced not wanting to mention slavery in an all black establishment.
"BDSM?"
"Yes, that."
"Now you have me hooked, keep talking." Cleo settled closer smiling up a storm. "So, you couldn't be like that for him?"
"Oh, I could." Shea grinned, almost blushing, "I just ran off with another man before exploring it with Zach. Trust me when I say I've wondered how things would have been should I have stayed with Zach, and evolved along with him. The man I left Zach for was wealthy. I let money lure me. Sam...my latest, lured me even further, yes he had money too but it wasn't that...Sam just...knew how to please me. Oh my gosh. I really should stop talking I'm embarrassing myself."
"Question..." Cleo poises a finger, it just happened to be the one without paint. "...how can you be embarrassed, if BDSM intrigues you? Isn't that all about sucking up humility and living to be what your man wants? I...read a lot."
"You did have your nails done." Shea takes note, reaching out to pluck up Cleo's hands to look them over, "They're lovely. Why do you have the heart missing? I recall exactly what you asked the girl at Mrs. Chang's for."
"My man chewed the heart off, he wants love to be invisible, my actions the only reaction. Yep, we're exploring that BDSM stuff ourselves. Exactly, why I'm listening intently to you. I'm fascinated by the stories of others."
"I wish I had more to tell, I left Zach before fully studying the lifestyle. Perhaps, we can help one another...oh, my name is Yushea, forgive my neglect to introduce myself."
"Cleopatra. It's a pleasure."
"I adore the name. You're right."
"About?"
"No perm for me. I'll have Beatrice take these curls out before it goes any further. Hopefully it's not too late."
"Straightener does wonders." Cleo genuinely liked Yushea. Was that a bad move? "We should keep in touch. Want my digits?"
"Absolutely. Bless you for listening to my rambling."
"Like I said, I'm into BDSM. We can learn together what we discover. Right now, my man Z'akuzz'I is more about public display. He loves showing me off, trophy slut style. I just cannot tell him no."
"Oh my! I...want to be more open like that...but, I need to conquer my nerves."
"You have the body that's for sure." Cleo takes in Shea's curvature making Shea blush.
"That is the one thing about Zach that has never left me. He kept fit, and I enjoyed working out with him, not as aggressively mind you, just enough to keep toned in all of the necessary checkout points." Shea giggled, lifting her dryer away from her now dried hair. In that same moment something dawned on Shea, "I think I know where to find Zach these days."
"You don't know how to find him?"
"We lost track. Both of us has moved multiple times. Changed numbers, things like that. Jobs even. I do know where his parents live, but that seems too stalker. I know they liked me, but I'm afraid Zach would be upset with me if I went there to find him, possibly giving them hopes we might rekindle. I...don't want to hurt them, nor make Zach mad a me forever."
"Gotcha. So where do you know to find him?"
"The gym. I mean there's probably thirty fitness centers in Seattle to look, I have time. Rushing this might only lead to further heartache, right?"
"True. Your stylist is coming I think. Want my number still?"
"Please. Thank you for being here for me, and understanding my loss."
"Anytime. Text all you want to I'll write back." Numbers verbalized Yushea enters Cleo's number, then texts her to see if it went through. Realizing her cell was still off Cleo growled playfully, "Sorry! Trying to keep my Daddy from prying into my business." Turning her cell on Cleo accepts Yushea's request adding her number. Standing with Shea, a light hug shared, Shea returns with her stylist to fix her hair. "Stupid Cleopatra...UGH! At least I can run interference for Zach to protect him. I just...can't let him find out I'm doing it. Game over if he does. That would definitely hurt." A fan of both sets of nails she misses her heart.
Angel would grill her daughter for over an hour about Yushea.
"GODDAMMIT!" Zach Pedigo struggled with interlocking the vinyl siding he was working with. Up on a ladder at the corner of a manufactured home he dealt with competing angles. His hands were raw and losing feeling.
"You okay up there Tightass?" Stormy called up at him as she steadied his ladder.
"Getting blisters on my hands. I'm not used to this kind of work, especially without gloves on. I just can't work wearing any."
"Save your fingers for my Kitten, I already paid you."
"Not happening today Squirt. Pardon the pun." He tried to laugh but his palms were too tender as he finished locking the corner, before coming down. Watching Storm as he descended he noticed her shirt open, a large amount of cleavage showing off large breasts. For a woman 3'6 even her body was rocking in curves, only stunted muscular legs offered a hesitation amongst men. Big tits helped. Looking like Emma Watson even more. He hadn't noticed before now her chest tattoos, nothing sightly, just dueling female wrestlers wearing outlandish costumes.
On the ground she stepped out of his way and placed her hands on her hips. "How's the weather down there?" Zach had to chuckle looking at her chest.
"Making fun of my name or my nipple hard on?"
"Both. Why are you standing there with your shirt unbuttoned?"
"Minus a bra even." She smirked, "I'm hot. It's 85 out today. Rain just increased the humidity."
"Interesting tats." He crouches down to be eye level with Stormy. It was then that she just whipped her shirt wide open and showed him the entirety of her breasts and down to her tight tummy. "If my fingers aren't in any shape to finger fuck you, I don't think squeezing tits is gonna be any more enjoyable. Nice tits though."
"You gotta mouth on you Pedigo. Make it useful. I'll add $50 to eat me out and suck on Thelma and Louise here."
"Hold up Spunky." He chuckled rubbing his hands, "I never committed, other than holding on to your money. I'm still on the fence about you people whoring me out. Why me?"
"A gal has needs. You're worth every penny."
"Thanks. I think."
"Small bottle of hand lotion in my bag. Use it."
"On your tits?"
"Your hands Moron. Gotta get those puppies in shape. I want the full effect tomorrow."
"Ah! IF I agree. I'm not so much into being the bottom half if you get my drift."
"Into bondage there Toppy?"
"Building toward it."
"You hurt my Goddaughter I'll murder ya."
"Not going to hurt Cleo, relax." He wrinkles his brow, "You're her godmother?"
"Naaa! Just protective of the kid. She's barely legal Stud."
"I'm aware. We taking lunch now?" He stands up looking for her lunchbox near a tree on the lot.
"You are. Soften the hands Toppy." She points at her lunch, leading him to retrieve it and open the pail. Finding the lotion he coats his hands and rubs it in. Thoughts were running through his mind on just how much he did need the extra money both Storm and Rocky Teleki were offering him. It wasn't him to feel so used but, the cabinets were bare. Water and Power bills were overdue, with 2 weeks still before payday. With their thermos of cold water quenching his thirst he realized just how hot it was himself. Shaking his head, Zach removed his t-shirt just to tease Stormy. Why the fuck not? It was harmless, money was needed. "That's the spirit Toppy. Lovin' the chisel marks."
"Why am I the only one without a shirt?" He chuckles.
"Ohhhh! The Topper wants to see the girls again?"
"Can't kiss on those with that overcoat you're wearing."
"Overcoat? Mocking my attire now? You try being barely 3 foot 6, and finding clothes that fit. I shop at friggin' Baby Gap."
"No hands." He holds his palms up, "You have my mouthy for thirty minutes. No extra $50, the $100 is enough. Rocky can't be paying you that good."
"Wrestling does. Why you think I drive a hotrod? Speaking of hot rods."
"My mouth Stormy. Not my dick."
"$200 if you fuck me for fifteen out of thirty minutes."
"Unbelievable. We going inside the mobile home?"
"Naaa! Let's live a little. Kids are in school around the park here. We're on a Cul-de-sac, no neighbors in the newer homes. Grass stains here we come." She loses her shirt completely. Lifting her tits for a dance to turn him on she laughed, "Wanna titty fuck these beauties Humplstiltskin?"
"You always joke about height?"
"Don't you? I can play that game too. So what if you're over 3 feet taller than me. At least I can stand up straight and suck you off without bending over."
"Plan on doing that to me?"
"Only if you're paying me $50 bucks back." She laughs unzipping her pants and wiggling them down to her feet. Shoes kicked off, Stormy stood in socks and a red thong. Zach had to admit, this was out there even for him, but Stormy was pretty, stubby legs and all. At least they weren't hairy, guessing only, by the smooth fit of her thong that she shaved even down there. Sure enough, as the thong left her hips it was smooth sailing. A nice tight pussy smiled brightly at him.
"Nice bod Omphaloopa." He wasn't even certain he said the fictional name correctly. Close enough.
"Oh hell no. You didn't." She waited until he had his pants to his ankles before running at him and toppling him over into the grass. Before he could say a word Stormy was straddling his face, pussy smothering his mouth. Laughter became difficult. "EAT ME BITCH BOY." She tried for Top dog status. He gave in for the moment, licking her lips just before burying his tongue up inside her. Stormy Belair toyed with her nipples moaning. "THAT'S MY BOY. Damn you got talent Toppy. Oh, wait! That's my name. You're the bottom feeder." Zach knew she was taunting him hoping he would take the lead when he was ready. She just wanted her money's worth. Licking her clit he discovered that it was pierced. He hadn't had time to thoroughly examine her features, until she lifted her thighs just enough to give him a better look. "Smell the yellow rosy of Texas?"
Halting at her words he grips her hips enough to realize something further, "You have a flower tattoo over..." He recalls Heidi Baker, her sister Kayla, and their best friend Nastiya having flower tats just like this. Before he can question her she smothers him in pussy again. He ate her hard until she cums over his face. The wrestler knew how to ride. After the succulent flood Zach had his fill of being on the bottom. Forcefully he rises up and rolls over on top of her. "ALWAYS THE TOP!" He snarled making Storm flare her eyes.
"Prove it."
Looking over her yellow rose for inspiration he nods, just before ramming his cock inside her. Stormy took it like a champ, moaning and hissing like the wrestler occupation taught her. Win or lose do it like an animal, her trainer told her. Damn straight. Zach found her pussy tight but smooth, in and out. Rising up over her he merely thrust without touching her. She lay back looking up at him with a sneer that switched on and off, giving way to a moist yearning. It was Jekyll and Hyde every time he penetrated. Storm went so far as to plant her muscular arms behind her head and enjoyed his statuesque build. Tiny ankles within his grasp pulled up over her torso led to a downward deep thrust, balls deep. That made her take notice.
"FUCK THAT PUSSY. LOVIN' IT TOPPY."
"Shut the fuck up." He glared. Clamming up Storm just let him wail on her cunt. It was too damned good to goad him into stopping. Her breasts bobbing about only intensified his desire to pound her harder. The wrestler was pinned to the mat. Yard that is. Building up for his own detonation, she squalled like a cat before beating him to the punch with a body quaking orgasm. As she shook Zach pulled out of her cunt and savagely rolled her over. She fought a bit knowing where this might lead. Sure enough he spat on her ass then plunged deep into her butt pucker. Storm was not happy about that.
"MOTHER FUCKER! I NEVER SAID YOU COULD DO ANAL."
"Live with it Rosey."
"GRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRR!" She tried to wrestle herself away but his body weight very nearly tripled hers. Taking it for ten minutes she calmed the more he hit it. Suddenly, Storm who had never done anal before today began laughing, so hard it nearly broke his sweaty concentration. Seconds later Zach Pedigo pulled out without cumming. Standing away from her she became numb. Rolling over with a squint she found Zach with a troubled look in his eye. "You okay Toppy? I'm not mad, you just caught me off guard. First time up the wazoo."
"Saving something is all."
"Jizz? Seriously? Who does that? You that tight on cash you're stopping by the sperm bank?"
"Nope. Where did you get that flower tattoo?"
"I was seeing a tat artist for a spell. Guy named Peck. I called him Pecker. Dude was hung like you. Little too chubby for my tastes though. Why? You wanna rose?"
"I know a few gals with flower tats right above their clits. Starting to feel like he's a chain florist."
"Peck do theirs too?" She sits up concerned by this strange information.
"I know his daughter. She has one. My new...daughter has one too. At least I heard she did. Peck's stepdaughter is my daughter." Nice lie, needed keeping to protect his already existing lies to the Teleki's, save for Cleo. He trusted Cleopatra. "Their friend supposedly has one too." He knew Nasty had one but covered his slut side for now. "I haven't met this Peck yet. I might need to pay a visit."
"Never knew he had a flower fetish. I wonder how many other gals have similar?"
"Worth finding out. You keep in touch with this Peck?"
"Been awhile. My wrestling job took me on the road a spell. I've only been back with Rock and Angel three months. Needed my space from the world I guess. Peck's not a bad dude, but this does strike me as odd. Want me to dig?"
"Nope. I'll do the digging."
Without warning he dove back at her as she had him earlier. Going in for another round of anal he had Storm hooked, this time he didn't save his jizz. She took the Jetstream right up her backside, her only digging was into the grass. She would need a manicure. She now had something to brag about to Angel. Angel was going to be pissed that everyone was getting Zach but her.
Kayla Trudeau had been extremely lazy all morning long. Not even taking a shower, she just grew lost in her own little world. Now that she had been with two girls her mind needed to confirm her desires going forward. She liked dick, what few she had in her past. Zach's fit incredibly well, she did want that again, yet, her bestie Nastiya showed her what being with a girl was like. She enjoyed herself, and knew she wanted to try more. Zach encouraged that just yesterday at the gym with his girl Khloe Vaughn. Sending her home with the girl for her first full on bisexual alone time. Khloe was an incredible teacher. She knew that Khloe was most likely a one time event, so her thoughts led her to wonder where she might find another lover. Those thoughts would have to wait.
The front door to their tiny one bedroom apartment opened up unexpectedly. In walked Kayla's stepmom Aniston Baker carrying groceries. Noticing Kayla brooding on their sofa she sighed, "There's two more bags in the Escape. You mind?"
"Nope! I could use some air. Be right back." Kayla hops up and shuffles out the door. As Aniston kicked her heels off at the door she set about putting her frozen food in the freezer. Hearing a ringtone of an 80'S rock song from Kayla's cell on the couch cushion she knew it was her daughter Heidi. Curiosity getting the best of her Aniston walked around her counter to reach the cell. It wasn't locked so a visual of the text was easy enough to read.
"Do you think Zach likes Cleo?" She read to herself, "Who is Zach and Cleo?" That name Zach bothered her immensely. Shaking it off she started to sit the cell down where it was until a second text came through. Peering out the window to confirm she wouldn't be caught snooping she read the next text. "I like Weaver but...oh, almost forgot...that drummer Kismet likes you and wants me to hook you up. Thoughts?"
"Now who is Weaver and Kismet? My kids never talk to me anymore. God, I feel old. It's bad enough my baby just moved in with some guy my age named Tom that she doesn't even know, now there's all these other boys names being mentioned. I really wish these two were not so head strong, and would take their Mother's advice." Sitting the cell down Aniston notes Kayla on her way back inside from the parking area. Returning to the kitchen she continued putting things away.
"I locked the Escape." Kayla nudged the door open and sat her bags on the counter.
"Thank you. Any call backs on the jobs you applied for?"
"Yep. Interview at that Lawn and Garden place near the interstate, A Touch of Eden. Sounds like an adult bookstore doesn't it?"
"It does. Let's hope it's not."
"It's not." Kayla smirks, "I'd totally work at one of those though."
"You're starting to sound like Heidi." Aniston frowns yet, pats her stepdaughter's cheek, "Oh, your cell went off earlier. I believe it was Heidi texting you by the ringtone."
"Okay, I'll see what she wants."
Her conscience getting the best of her Aniston groans, "I peeked. Sorry, I couldn't resist."
"Anything bad?" Kayla played off no concern, inwardly panicking at what could have been said. Reading the texts it seemed innocent enough.
"Who is Kismet? A drummer Heidi said." Her Mom spoke with her back to Kayla.
"Ohhhh, just a...boy." She knew the drummer was a lesbian, her gut just told her so. Fearful of letting her stepmom know of her newly opening bisexuality Kayla maintained the boy story. "Weaver is the lead singer in this punk band. He has a pink mohawk." Kayla giggles.
"Oh Lord. So, Heidi likes this lead singer?"
"I think so. We all had lunch at the mall yesterday when it was raining so hard. Zach..." She froze mentioning the name.
"Yes, who is Zach and Cleo now?"
"Weaver's school buddies." She recalled he and Cleo going to High School together, Zach just fit into the story.
"I see. I don't much care for that name Zach. It brings back bad memories. I...anyways, tell Heidi she should bring this Weaver over for dinner sometime."
"Where are we eating dinner? Kitchen, couch, bathroom, bedroom. No dining room Aniston."
"Mom."
"Stepmom, but yeah...no dining room Mom."
"How is Heidi doing with her new roommate, Tom was it?"
"So far so good. They get along great. Zach is really cool."
"Zach? I thought we were talking about Tom?"
"What?" Kayla bulged her eyes, "Oh, I was thinking of Zach and Cleo. Just got my names mixed up. I think I'm getting old timers disease."
"Hmmm! Maybe I should bite the bullet and go meet this Tom for myself. I trust your sister but I don't trust men. I just don't want any bad mistakes like I had when I was younger. I had Heidi at 16, well 17. Conceived at 16. Being a teen mother was not much fun."
"Heidi's 19. She can handle herself."
"I know. It's just a Mother's job to worry. Are you going to text Heidi back?"
"Maybe later. She's probably just texting from work on a break. I don't wanna get her in trouble with that Chang lady. She scares me."
"She is rather dark isn't she?"
"Right! Evil Chinese Mobster type. Fifi Manchu." Kayla laughs, "So not right."
"Funny but yes, not right. I'm sure she's very nice."
Mrs. Chang's nail salon...
"Do I pay you two to gab all day? You have nails to do. Customers lining up. You two no smoke so why take break?" Margaret Chang bellowed out the back door at Heidi Baker and Chi Ki Chang, her granddaughter.
"Slave driver." Chi Ki pouted at her grandmother. "Fingers too tired." She begins to lift a middle finger but Heidi leaps in front of her blocking the offensive move.
"On our way Mrs. Chang. Just stretching our legs."
"Fingers too." Chi Ki snidely comments as her grandmother rolls her eyes and retreats back inside.
"You were really going to flip off your granny?"
"Old bird deserves the bird."
"Old bird pays your college tuition, apartment, and your rickshaw."
"I have no rickshaw...ohhh, you mean my Electric car Babs."
"Why do you call her Babs?"
"Battery Always Bad...SHIT! BABS!" Chi Ki goes dramatic then laughs at herself.
"Huh? Oh, wow. That's really out there even for you. Try plugging it in at night."
"What you whine about. You had dead batteries too."
"In my vibrator." Heidi chuckles, "Okay, you got me. Let's go back to work." She then turns, "Zach bought me new batteries. So there!" A simple razz later both girls entered the salon. Giggling as they made their way to their seats they found unexpected visitors. Taken by surprise Heidi merely stares at Cleopatra Teleki and her mother Angel, both smiling vividly at her. Chi Ki nudges Heidi from behind.
"You in trouble now. She no run this time."
"Quiet down Cheekypoo. Just don't talk okay. I don't need any more stress." She moves to her seat waving Cleo in, "Hey Cleopatra. How are you today?"
"I'm awesome. Mom? This is Zach's daughter. Heidi, my mom Angel."
Chi Ki hearing the comment bulges her eyes and steps away to her own table. She had a customer waiting. It was safer three feet away.
"Hi."
"You're absolutely gorgeous." Angel drops her jaw, "Your Father just started work for my husband. He's such a...sturdy man."
"I hear that a lot." Heidi giggles, "Here to get your nails done? Unlike other people who gets theirs done by the enemy." Another razz toward Cleo makes the girl blush, "Sorry. I should have came back here instead of going elsewhere. This is how I knew who Heidi was Mom. Small world." Angel frowned at her daughter, whom had lied about who truly did her nails. Conversation for later.
"True that." Heidi fidgets.
"You can do my nails Heidi." Angel quickly sits down, "Zach tells us that you just found him after all these years."
"Does he? Yeah, I never knew he existed until recently. People Search did all the work once I knew his name." Lies, lies, all lies.
"You must be so happy to have such a handsome, caring Father. To allow you to just move in so quickly, shows he has much to make up for."
"I guess. I just needed a place to live. What am I doing with your nails, Angel?"
"After Cleo got hers done I think I'll do the same for my ole' man. How about, the I, with the heart next to it with his initials, R.O.T.?" Once she says her husbands initials out loud she grits her teeth, "Maybe not."
"Rockwell Orson Teleki." Cleo snorts hiding her laugh.
"Trying not to laugh." Heidi winced, "Failing miserably." The three women burst into the giggles.
"You're so right Cleopatra, she is adorable. Welcome to the family Sweetheart. We already consider your Father as part of ours."
"Not because I'm seeing your Daddy." Cleo felt compelled to point out, "That's purely...well, you know."
"Hardcore?" Heidi smirked.
"Something like that."
"Ooooo! My baby is sounding so grown up."
"Mom?" Cleo shies away beaming.
"My dad has his thing, I have mine. Yes, Mrs. Teleki I know my dad's a freak. Strangely, I don't care. I'm just really happy to be a part of him again. We're...learning to cope as we go along."
"Sweetie! We live in a world of freaks." Cleo nods without words, pointing at Angel without her noticing. Heidi laughed even harder until Mrs. Chang stepped over to hover above the blond bombshell.
"Time money."
"Sorry. Friends of the family Mrs. Chang. Just catching up."
"Just write the initials as R.O.C.." Angel intervened.
"Better yet...how's about, I heart S.E.X. with DADDY on the other hand like Cleo has?"
"Do it." Angel bubbles up suddenly. "Oooo! Maybe I should let her do my toenails too."
"Do we really gotta see your boney toes, Momma?" Cleo hopes to spare the entire salon.
"Awww! I was really hoping to write SUCK with an M on my left foot, with a Y to match the M as MY and TOES on the other four."
"OH MY GOD! Let's do that." Heidi burst out laughing. Agreeing to do it Cleo whispered, "Always got your back Sis." Heidi paused to wink, whispering her own silent, "Ditto."
It took a few hours to get perfect but the end result was beautiful artwork. Angel was giddy. Paying the bill, Angel tips Heidi $50. Everyone was happy. As the Teleki girls decided enough was enough they took their leave. Pulling away from the salon they narrowly missed another arrival. Without noticing Cleo, Yushea Matsuda Pedigo parked to enter the salon. With Angel driving it allowed Cleo to text Heidi, their numbers shared through Zach.
"Yushea's coming in. Be careful. I spoke to her earlier. All safe Sis."
Reading the text Heidi rolls her eyes, "Great! Lucky day."
Yushea marched in smiling up a storm, "Hi! I hope I'm not catching you at a bad time. I ran into that girl who got up and left so fast the other day. She's really sweet. Anyways, I felt compelled to come say hi again, our talk the other day meant so much to me. You did say I could drop by anytime."
"Hey, Shea." Heidi took time to wave as she put her paints away, it was getting close to time for her to go home. "No problem, as long as I'm not busy. I'm getting ready to go home here shortly."
"Do you need a ride home?"
"No, my girl Chi Ki is giving me a ride."
"Oh, ok! We should go for drinks sometime."
"Underage, remember? I can drink a Coke though. Just saying."
"Right! My ex...you recall my mentioning Sam? He's opening a new bar uptown next week. If it weren't his grand opening I wouldn't bother going, but I feel the need to be supportive of him. If you'd like to tag along. It's on Friday."
"Can I let you know? Sounds fun."
"I go." Chi Ki meddles, lifting her hand as if asking permission.
"If you'd like to go too that's wonderful." Shea brightens up.
"Let me get back with you Shea. A lot going on for me this next two weeks. Just met my Dad, a guy from the Mall wants me to hear his band, wants me, wants me." She chuckles, "Who doesn't right?"
"If you don't have time I understand."
"Any luck on the ex-hubby?"
"No. But, I thought of a way of finding him. We used to work out together. I need to track down his new gym without it looking like I'm stalking him."
"That would look bad. Don't get too crazy or you might lose your chance to rekindle."
"Oh my God. What would I do without you girls being my voice of reason. Cleo told me pretty much the same. I'll figure this all out and do it wisely." As Mrs. Chang begins to hover yet again, Shea places her palms together apologetically, "Forgive my intrusion." Shea actually teared up at the possibility that she was creating trouble for Heidi. Sensing a bit of guilt Heidi grits her teeth and looks to Chi Ki. Chi Ki rolls her eyes.
"BABS dead anyway. Go."
"I love you Cheeks." She swiftly rushes to hug Mrs. Chang and tells her she will see her in a few days. The elderly woman merely winks at Yushea, letting her know she wasn't really mad over her presence. Dancing around her counter after grabbing her purse Heidi hugged Yushea by the arm. "I will take that ride home."
"Really?"
"Drive Wench, before I change my mind."
Rushing out together she hops into Shea's car, a white Lexus. Shocked by her ride's pristine shape Heidi puckers, "Nice chariot." It was then that she noticed the small photo in a dangling frame from her mirror. A picture of she and Zach on their wedding day. "Is this...?"
"Zach and I? Yes. I dug it out after we met the other day. I'm using it to remain positive. It was better days after all. I found this choker too." She points at her throat, "He bought it just before we parted. Don't ask...it was...during freaky times. Part of what scared me about Zach. He...was evolving, I wasn't ready for that. The man I left him for was...less evolved. So to speak." She fires up her ignition. "Where do you live?"
"Three miles from here. That way." A dramatic point East led Shea out into traffic. In her thoughts Heidi knew the risk. She hoped for Zach's sake that he wasn't home already. It was still early. Ten minutes at worst Shea pulled up out front of the apartment complex. Eying the area she shrugged to herself, it could be worse. Shea was just used to more extravagant living conditions.
"It's not much," Heidi knew her reaction well, "All we can afford."
"I see. I'm not knocking it. Let me know if you want to join me Friday."
"I will. Thanks for the ride Shea. I hope your search for the Ex works out for you."
Door opened Heidi felt compelled to hug the woman before departure. Shea really did seem nice. Mistake or not, she at least made her smile. The future would be tedious at best should she befriend Zach's ex going forward. This could very well end her happy home if he found out. Still, the thrill of the risk made Heidi Baker hornier than hell. She needed Zach's cum, more than ever.
"Bye Yushea." She waved on the curb until she was gone. As soon as she turned Heidi raced to her apartment and ran inside. Clothing removed swiftly she sat with her cell and took a few nude selfies just for the future. Alone she wandered about until daring to venture inside Zach's bedroom. It was unlike her to be nosey, yet she decided that she wanted an intimate adventure and admired his bed. Nibbling her lower lip she found his mattress calling out to her. Crawling in she sits in the middle wondering if she should even be here. It was not her bed, nor did she want a relationship with Zach Pedigo. He was her roommate with one perk, to offer her his cum on a daily routine, feeding her fetish just for kicks. Still, she had felt his dick inside her even if it was just a lingering moment. It felt really good. Too good.
"Fuck I need to cum."
Laying in his bed, her head on his pillow she spreads her legs and begins rubbing her clit. Fingers dipping inside made her tense. She was lost in her world of temptation when she heard the rumble of a motorcycle. That ended her fantasy, out of his bed she sprang and into her own bedroom she ran. Her thoughts were ravenous at the moment, tempted to fire up her vibrator she decided to prolong her hormones and see what kind of mood Tom...Zach was in. Her wait seemed to take forever. Peering out her bedroom window she spotted him wearily trudging along. She knew that he was exhausted. Yet, she needed to act as if she was chipper. A fast run into the living room she turns on some of his music, rather loud. The 80's band Skid Row to be precise. Trotting to her bedroom afterwards she could only wait it out.
"Hurry the fuck up Tom."
Keys jingled.
The wait would be excruciating.