After the Event:
I woke up late the next morning (Sunday) with that image of my mouth making love to Thomas's penis. I smiled as I remember that. I then looked down at my body which was covered with dry cum. My pussy ached as a significant amount of cum seep out of it. I wonder if that cum was from the last person to have me or was it a combination of the five men who fucked last night into the early morning.
Suddenly there was a knock on the office door. The door open and Marilyn walked in and saw the condition I was in. Her response to seeing me laying on the couch with my legs spread out, cum and bite marks all over my body and cum leaking out of me surprised me, "Did you have fun!"
"Yes, I did. But I really need your help. I am physical exhausted and need a shower."
Marilyn simply walked over the couch and together we got me up and walking to my bedroom shower. Marilyn seated me on the top of the shower and turned the water on. She then stripped naked! Picking me up, we stepped into the shower together where she gave me an in-depth cleaning, paying special attention to my breast and when it came to my pussy she wash the outside and used the flexible shower head to rinse out the inside. She then followed that up by using her fingers to reach inside me to remove the cum that did not come out from the rinsing with the shower head, giving me such pleasurable sensations in the process. Next, she examined the bites that covered my body, making sure that my skin had not been broken by any of the bites. Lastly, with my back facing her, she had me bend over so she could check my anus to determine if anyone taken advantage of the situation and perform anal sex on my body (no one had).
After the shower, she dried me and herself before helping me get into my bed. She covered me then left the room. As I fell asleep, I felt strangely satisfied and relaxed because of how Marilyn had helped me.
I woke up late in morning, refreshed and invigorated. I was refreshed due to the amount of sleep I had gotten after Marilyn put me to bed. I was invigorated due to the tremendous amount of sex I received at the poker game (all my sexual frustrations were gone, and I felt I could probably go a few months before I needed sex again).
However, I did have a problem, I needed to come to grips with the ramifications of what has been happening to me since that first meeting in Mr. Joseph office; seeing a naked Jennifer, the events at the dinner, the sexual events during the poker game, the oral sex with Thomas, and finally what Marilyn did for and to me.
I have developed and acted upon strong sexual feeling for a female; I allowed myself to be used sexually by five men in a gangbang situation; I sucked off another man because I was coming down from an extreme sexual high, and finally I totally enjoyed taking a shower with my naked housekeeper as she cleaned me of the cum that had been deposited on and in my body during the gangbang.
I now felt, for the first time in my life, sexually liberated. I admitted to myself that I have bisexual tendencies and that I love giving into and acting on my most base sexual desires. And finally, I understand sex can be used by a person to get what they want!
I must be ready for my next meeting with Mr. Joseph. I know that he will try and use what I did at the poker game against me. How can I use that to my advantage?
Finally, there is Marilyn. She has on several occasions seen me naked and recovering from some type of sexual experience. She tended to my needs each time. But this last time, did she move our relationship into a new realm? Her getting nude and her touches were beyond what one needed to wash my body. I noticed a sense of enjoyment on her part when she got me off while cleaning out my pussy with her fingers.
For the next month and a half, my life returned to its normal routine. I continued, with some success, in perfecting my program to predict the stock market. Then came the call, the one I had been expecting from Mr. Joseph. He wanted to meet in two days. He indicated that: he had a new stock that he wanted to use on the program; and depending upon the success or failure of this test, he wanted to discuss whether he would purchase the program at a price to be negotiate based upon the programs performance. We met two days later in my office.
The meeting began with Mr. Joseph giving me the name of three stock he wanted to be tested with the program. Looking at the names of the stocks, I remarked that they all fit into this one stock market segment. He indicated that my assumption was correct. He wanted to know how that segment of the stock market would perform over the next month.
There was something in how he answered my question that made me realize that there was more to this request than a test for the program. So, I asked, "Why are you so interested in that segment of the market?"
He responded, "What does my interest in that segment have to do with the programs ability to predict its outcome?"
I lied in my reply, "The program is influenced by certain factors in making its predictions. I just want to make sure I have all the pertinent information the program might need."
He took a deep breath and told me about the deal between himself and Jennifer. As soon as he mentioned Jennifer's name, my mind flash back to the sight of her pussy inches from my face (and of Ling's pussy being pushed into my face by Thomas). I quickly cleared my mind of those wonderful events and focused on how Jennifer being involved could work to my benefit or detriment. I questioned Mr. Joseph on what lead Jennifer to believe that she could make such a wager on the stock market.
He replied that since Jennifer has been living at his home, she has been studying computer science and that they have had considerable discussions of a business nature. His next remark is what really caught my attention, "The college professor that I hired to tutor her and the fellow from the geek squad that works with her on her computers have both expressed to me how she excels at her studies and her understanding of computers."
The professor that he named was the one person who had a significant influence in my computer education! If he had high praise for Jennifer's computer skills I began to wonder if she might be someone who I should consider hiring to work for me (with the side benefit that I would get to see her 5 days a week).
I took the information supplied by Mr. Joseph and gave it to my staff. They loaded it into the computer and an hour later I had the computer's predicted results. I called Mr. Joseph and gave him the following: there was a 69% chance that Jennifer predication would come to fruition. He did not seem to take that information to well!
Four weeks later I checked on the stock that Jennifer had purchased, its value had indeed increased by 100%. At that moment, I was determined to get Jennifer to come to work for me.
I received a call from Mr. Joseph. He wanted to sign a contract with my company for the exclusive use of my software. We setup a meeting for the next month to discuss the contract for the exclusive purchase of my computer program. I was ecstatic. I planned on sticking it to Mr. Joseph during our contact negotiations. I was also looking forward to him trying to use my sexual escapade at that poker game against me. I was more than prepared to use it to my advantage.
I wanted to celebrate. But with whom should I celebrate? In this case I did not want to involve my staff in this celebration. I wanted to keep my plans to myself to guard against the plans somehow being leaked to Mr. Joseph. As I sat there in my office pondering with whom to celebrate, there was a knock on the door which I instinctively knew was from Marilyn. As she entered the room and before she could say anything, I got up and went to her and embraced her into my arms. She shockingly stood straight up. I looked into her eyes and what I saw was Marilyn naked with me in the shower as she cleaned my poker cum body. I leaned in and gave a her a soft kiss on her lips. After an initial surprise, she kissed me back. I then took her by the hand and lead us to sit on my infamous couch.
Holding her hands, I said to her, "Marilyn over the past five years you have become more to me than a housekeeper. You have been my caretaker, my confidant, and my friend. I now realize, since that shower after the poker game, there is an emotional bond between us that has become loving and sexual. I just received some exciting business news and I want to celebrate. I can't think of anyone with whom I would rather celebrate with than you."
Marilyn took a minute before responding, "MS Reynolds, I have enjoyed working here, in your home, more than at any other job in my life. It is not simply the luxury of the home, the relatively easy work, or the generous money you pay me, but it is also the person for whom I work. We have formed a bond that I have never experienced before and cannot fully understand, or even explain it. Yes, it is a lovingly emotional and somewhat a sexual bond. My feeling for you range from employer/employee, daughter like, friend like, to a strongly emotional, physical and sexual bonding."
"When I last found you, for the umpteenth time, lying on this couch as is your normal aftermath after some type of sexual release, and seeing the unusual site of your body cover with dry cum and bites, all three of those feelings I have for you rose up into my consciousness. As an employer you needed my help and understanding. As someone with whom I have feelings for (daughter/friend, and to a certain extent someone whom I have emerging sexual feelings for), I wanted in some way, to share and add to what you had experience the previous night". Thus I gave you what you needed, a statement of acceptance of your actions ( "Did you have fun"), cleaned you up, and shared in your experience by fingering your well used pussy hoping to bring you off one more time before placing you in your bed for some much needed sleep and recovery."
"Since my feelings for you have been laid bare before you and you seem to want to reciprocate, I whole heartily accept your invitation to celebrate your exciting business success! However, let us take things somewhat slowly and gradually."
I kissed her again, softly, and sensually (and she responded in kind). "I accept everything you have just said. So, please join me tonight in my celebration."
"It would be my honor and pleasure to go out and celebrate with you. But I am not dressed for going out."
"No problem. Our first stop will be the mall where we will find the right outfit for you for our night of adventure!"
Our search for Marilyn's attire started out the correct way, we went off to Victoria Secret to find her the proper underwear for our celebratory evening. I picked out the sexiest moderately transparent bra and thong underwear. She had to try them on to make sure they fit properly, so off we went to the dressing room. I went into the changing cubical with her. I undressed her. As I placed the bra over her arms and before clasping the claps in the back, I took the opportunity to feel her breast and her prominent nipples (something we both enjoyed). Next came the thong. It completely exposed her ass cheeks (which I checked the firmness of by squeezing them, she was surprising physically fit). Prior to pulling the thong in place, I had to make sure her vagina was prepared to be covered by this thong. I accomplished that by placing my hand over her pussy and gently rubbing it just before giving it a slight slap (she moaned in response). Well since she started leaking, and because on the way into the dressing room, I had thrown away her old bra and panties, we had to buy this bra and panties set! So, she had no choice but to wear the new bra and thong set under her clothes.
Next, we sought the right dress for this occasion. Taking into consideration that she is forty, we sought a dress that was appropriate yet somewhat sexy. After picking out 3 different outfits, off we went to the dressing room. This time I waited outside so she could come out and model each one for me (she enjoyed that). We settled on one that was modest (the bottom of the dress was two inches above her knees) yet very attractive.
Next, we went to a shoe store to find shoes that matched the color of the dress. Upon entering the store, we were met by a male salesman who appeared to be around Marilyn's age. He was very friendly, attentive, and knowledgeable about today's style of women's shoes. He brought out four different shoes for Marilyn to try on. I sat next to Marilyn so I could give her my input into which shoe to buy.
When Marilyn sat down, of course, the hem of her dress moved up her legs. The dress not being short only showed a modest amount of leg above her knee and provided enough cover so that her transparent panties were not visible to the salesman. He helped her put on the shoes and she got up to walk in them. They felt fine and really looked good with the dress. Marilyn was ready to buy them. I insisted that she sit down and try on the other 3 shoes just to make sure that the first pair were the ones.
As the salesman turned his head and reached down for the next pair of shoes, I lean down and picked up the first pair to give them a closer look. In leaning down I had to balance myself by putting my hand on Marilyn legs at the hem of her dress. As I moved back upwards my hand pulled the hem upwards slightly. That exposed more of Marilyn's legs and allowed the salesman a better view up between Marilyn's legs. You could tell that he was an experience shoe salesman because the more exposed view between Marilyn's legs did not faze him. That ramped up my interest and made me determine crack that professionalism!
After Marilyn tried on the second pair and the salesman was reaching for the third pair, I once again pick up the pair that Marilyn had just tried on and placed my fingers around the hem of her dress. I aggressively pulled the hem up to the point that the dress was at the top of Marilyn's thigh. Marilyn turned and gave me a questioning look. I gave her a look of "just go with the flow". She turned her head back looking at the salesman. When he turned back to face Marilyn, he again showed no reaction but continue to put the third pair of shoes on Marilyn's feet. This time he suggested that Marilyn get up and try walking in this pair. As she rose, he extended his hand to cup Marilyn's pussy as if he were assisting her up from the chair, she was sitting in. Marilyn's response, as she was rising to stand, was to close her legs trapping his hand on her pussy holding it there for a second. Looking down at him, she Smile, opened her legs obscenely wide letting his hand go saying, "I will take the first pair."
After leaving the shoe store, it was an easy task to find the right jacket to match the dress and the shoes.
From the mall we went straight to my favorite restaurant where we had a very enjoyable dinner. The conversation flowed so easily because we took the opportunity to really get to know each other in a personal manner. I, of course, had to take advantage of her dress riding up her legs to softly stroke her upper thigh.
Next stop was the one strip club that I had previously been to. Because Marilyn had played with my body, I wanted her to enjoy the fun of playing with a woman's body just for the fun of it (like the guys do)! We were able to get a table that was next to the stage (which resulted in the guys in the club having a good view of the two us (attractive women if I do say so myself). That, in and of itself, added to the thrill of being there. I made sure, before arriving there, that we had a good supply of one dollar bills with which to tip the dancers.
I wanted to study Marilyn's reaction to watching these ladies perform on stage. Would she like it, or would she feel disgusted by the fact that they are displaying their bodies in explicit sexual ways, not for love or sexual gratification but for money? I do understand that some of the strippers do enjoy this line of work and get off on it, but they are in the minority. Would she understand why a woman would do this and that it was ok for her to make the most of the situation.
It just so happened that the first dancer to come on stage was a dancer of an age between my own and Marilyn's age and had a body build similar to Marilyn's full body, which is just at the body weight where a few pounds more would make her slightly overweight. Marilyn seemed surprised that a woman with that type of figure would be a stripper. This stripper, however, was a good dancer and knew her way around the stripper pole. Marilyn could not take her eyes off her. When her performance was over, I handed Marilyn a stack of ones for her to give to this woman. When the stripper saw the wad of money in Marilyn's hand, she immediately came over to Marilyn. They locked eyes when Marilyn handed her the money. The stripper took the money and while still looking into Marilyn eyes she firmly stroked Marilyn's breast. Marilyn response was to continue stare into this woman's eyes.
The next 4 or 5 dancers were typical of what one expects of a stripper, good looking with bodies that were more weight appropriate for a stripper, (slimmer).
While we were watching the other dancers, several of the strippers came up to the table asking if we were interested in a lap dance or going to one of the private rooms. We politely turned them down.
Then "She" (the first dancer) came. She asked us if we were having a good time and if we wanted some company. Marilyn immediately pulled out the chair next to herself and said, "Yes we are having fun, but it would be more enjoyable if you joined us." As she sat down (as close to Marilyn as she could), we exchanged names (her stage name was "Joy"). I order drinks for the three of us. We had a good five minute conversation with Joy, who had one of those personalities that just draws people to her.
Talking to customers is not how strippers make their money, so eventually, she asked us if we wanted to move our time together to one of the private rooms. I asked how much and then agreed to get a room. I gave the money (enough for a half hours' time) to Joy who took it to the manager and got the assigned room. Joy returned to us and taking Marilyn by the hand, led us to the room.
The room has a small couch with a chair facing the couch. Joy told us to sit on the couch. Joy moved the chair backed from the couch and faced us as she started removing what little clothing she had on. Once nude, she knelt in front of us, took our hands and placed them on her breasts. At that point, I gently pulled my hand back, leaned forward to whisper in Joy's ear, "Tonight is Marilyn's night. Give all your attention to her. If you give her an intense orgasm, I will add an additional one hundred dollars to your normal tip." I then got up and exchanged places with Joy, moving to the chair to watch Marilyn being ravaged by her mirror image stripper.
Joy's focus, even when I was whispering to her, had never waver from Marilyn. With me out of the way, Joy sat next to Marilyn and started a sensual and slow exploration of Marilyn's body. It was almost as if this was the first time that she had sexually explored a woman's body. Marilyn reaction, which soon became clear, was one of a woman who had never been touched by another woman in this type of sexual manner. Joy began by fondling Marilyn's left breast. With no objection from Marilyn, Joy added kissing her neck to the breast fondling.
Marilyn's response to Joy attention was to lean back into the couch sliding downward until she was prone on the couch. Joy followed Marilyn downward ending up lying completely on top of Marilyn. At that point Joy commenced tenderly kissing Marilyn. I could hear Marilyn moaning in response.
I in the interim, I had slid to the edge of the chair placing my body in a reclining position on the chair. That made it easier for me to lift my dress above my waist and to pull down my panties down to my knees. One of my fingers found my clit as two of the others penetrated my pussy.
Looking over at me, Joy saw what I was doing. That inspired her to use one of her hands to pull up Marilyn's dress above her waist and then use that hand to cup Marilyn's vagina through those beautiful thong panties that we had purchased earlier today. That did it, Marilyn stiffen, then raised up her hips pushing against Joy's hand as a loud moan emanated from her as she experienced an immense climaxed.
Joy's hand was soaked with Marilyn's cum. She licked some and then moving over to me place that soaked hand in front of my mouth. I opened my mouth and used my tongue to clean every drop of Marilyn's cum from Joy's hand.
At that point, a small light came on in the room which signaled the end of our half-hours' time with Joy.
I arranged my clothes and walked over to Joy who had just put her clothes back on. I placed the hundred dollars inside her bra along with my business card as my other hand cup Joy's very wet pussy. Looking Joy in the eyes, I said, "We would very much like to see you again, outside of here. If you want to join us again, please call me."
With Joy's assistance, we got Marilyn mostly together (the front of her dress was not completely pulled down, leaving her thong exposed). As we walked out of the private room area, several of the men near there were treated to that beautiful view of Marilyn's wet tong covered pussy. At that point (having again thrilled myself by exposing Marilyn) I pulled Marilyn's dress down and we decided to end the evening and went back to my house.
Once inside, Marilyn gave me a hug and thanked me for this wonderful evening that we had experienced together. She then pulled her keys out of her purse in preparation to going home. I then placed both of my hands on her arms and said, "Marilyn, please stay with me and leave in the morning."
Marilyn paused and then looking me straight in the eyes replied, "I want very much to stay with you. I want to hold you, to feel every inch of your body, to hear you sight with pleasure from my touch and to make you feel safe and warm in my embrace until we both fall asleep. But that is as far as things will go between us tonight, no sexual activity such as sucking nipples or vaginas or vaginal penetration. I am still struggling with this daughter like, to friend like, to a strongly emotional, physical and sexual bonding thing." Starting to remove those beautiful clothes from her enticing body, she said, "Do you accept my terms?"
Removing my clothes, I said, "Yes whole heartily."
Once we were both naked, Marilyn started to pick up the clothes to put them away. I gently reached for her and said, "I will do that in the morning." Talking her by the hand, we went upstairs to my bedroom. Together we pulled back the bed covering and got into bed. Marilyn turned me so that my back was to her front. She lovely spooned me. True to her word, I sometime later fell asleep to the feel of her touching my body (but untrue to her word, none of my body was off limits to her touch!).
I, never in my adult life, had ever felt so safe, warm, and desired as that first night in my bed with Marilyn. Every time, from that point forward, that Marilyn held me in bed I felt that way!
The meeting with Mr. Joseph finally arrived. We meet in his office at his home. The office looked just as splendid as it did the first time I was there. The only difference, and I was thoroughly disappointed by it, there was no beautifully naked Jennifer there to distract me. So, I commented, "Your office is still very overwhelming but there just seems to be something missing."
Mr. Joseph responded, "And just what is it that seems to be missing?"
"Where is your assistant, I believe that her name is Jennifer. This office is not the same without her naked beauty."
Sitting up somewhat stiffly, Mr. Joseph stated, "Jennifer is no longer in my employment!"
Mr. Joseph began our business discussion by stating that he wanted to purchase the sole rights to my program. He then slipped a note across his desk to me. I opened it and read the figure he was offering for my program. Closing the note and looking at Mr. Joseph, I gave a little laugh and said, "Not nearly enough!"
Mr. Joseph was not happy with my response. He stated, "Ms. Reynolds I am a fair man, please make a counteroffer."
I then wrote my asking price for the program, triple the figure written on the note from Mr. Joseph and passed the note back to him.
Mr. Joseph looked at the note and responded, "For a woman in your situation you are in no position to scorn the money I have offer to you."
I responded, "What situation is that?"
Mr. Joseph turned his computer screen around, so that it was facing me. I saw myself on the card table, covered in cum with one of the men from the poker game thoroughly pounding my pussy.
Mr. Joseph then said, "A woman in your business and position in our society can't afford to have her character tarnished in such a manner."
I felt a look of surprise on my face, however, I calmly asked for the note back. I adjusted what I was asking and slide it across the desk back to Mr. Joseph.
He looked at it with a look of disbelief on his face. Before he could say anything, I stated, "I have been reliving that evening in my mind all most nightly since it happened. Now, along with my original asking price for my program, I want a high-quality copy of that video you just showed me. I do not give a fuck who sees that video! With my program, within a year with the amount of money that you have at your disposal, you will easily make back the money that I want for the program. Do we have a deal?"
Mr. Joseph hesitated in responding. So, I got up, offered my hand, and said, "Good Evening Mr. Joseph." As I turned to leave, I heard, "Deal."
I turned around and said, "Deal. I will take my copy of the video now. Also, if you would be so kind, please tell me how I can contact Jennifer. I would like to offer her a position in my company."
I left Mr. Joseph office with a sign contract, the video and Jennifer contact information!
When I arrived home that evening, Marilyn had completed her housekeeping duties and was preparing to go home. I walked straight up to her, embraced her, and gave her the most intimate kiss I was capable of. "Marilyn, please stay the night. I need your company to help me calm down as I celebrate the completion of my dealings with Mr. Joseph."
Marilyn, stepped back, removed her coating placing it into the hall closet, and then came back to me. I was surprised to see that all she had on was this semi-transparent teddy that covered only the top half of her body, leaving the area from her hips to her feet exposed. Turning me around, she unzipped and remove my dress, followed that by removing my bra and panties. Holding me by my shoulders and looking directly into my surprised eyes, Marilyn said, "I knew that no matter which way your negotiation went with this Mr. Joseph, that you would need me tonight, to either celebrate with you or to console you. I am extremely glad we are celebrating."
Lowering her right hand, she used it to cup my pussy a few times before inserting a finger deep into me. My legs weaken and I had to place my arms around Marilyn's neck in order not to collapse to the floor.
Removing her finger, she said, "We are having a simple but delicious dinner in the living room. After that we are going to sit on the couch and cuddle each other as we watch the latest block buster movie together. After that, when we retire to your bed room for the evening, you can have your way with me, my entire body is available to you so that you may derive whatever pleasure you desire from it for as long as you want until the sun rises in the morning."
If I had not already developed strong feelings for Marilyn, with what she had just said, I would have!
She led me to the living room by pulling on my excited left nipple. As she did that, I reached for her ass cheek. Marilyn push my hand away, saying to me, I am yours in the bedroom, you are mine in this living room! That is why I am "dressed", and you are naked."
True to her word, Marilyn had prepared an excellent dinner which we ate on top of the coffee table that we pulled in front of the couch. Marilyn sat at one end of the couch and I at the other with the coffee table situated between us. As I ate, my focus went from her lovely face, to her semi-transparent breast to her very uncovered pussy (from which I could see this small amount of liquid forming between her lips). I took all my strength not to rush over to her and burying my face in her pussy.
After we finished eating, Marilyn instructed me to stay where I was on the couch while she moved and cleared off the coffee table, placing the dishes in the kitchen.
When she returned, she sat at the far end of the couch and leaned back into the corner of the couch while spreading out her legs saying to me, "if you crawl over here on her hands and knees and place your face here (she pointed to her swollen pussy lips) you will find the most exquisite dessert that I have prepared for you."
I got down on my hands and knees and crawled as slowly as I could to that treasure between her pussy lips. During the whole time I was crawling to her, I never lost sight of her eyes. The closer I got the more excited her eyes got. When I finally got there with my face an inch from her now leaking pussy, Marilyn was almost hyper ventilating. Placing my face gently and as far into her as I could, I licked from the bottom of her lips up to her clit. When my tongue finally touched her clit, Marilyn scream out in pleasure as she came coating my face with her female ejaculation.
After Marilyn had regained her composure, she pulled my body upward until we were face to face with my body lying on top of hers. She surprised me when she completed cleaned my face by licking her cum from it. She then turned me so that I was lying with my back on top of her, so she could hold me in her arms. She turned on the TV and started playing the video. We stayed embraced like that for the whole movie. Her fingers played a symphony with my vagina during that whole time. When I tried to reciprocate, she pushed my hand away and again repeated that I was hers to do with me as she pleased!
When the video ended, Marilyn removed her fingers from inside of me and sat back on the couch just looking at me. It then dawned on me; I was now in charge. I got up and firmly grasp both her breasts, using them to pull her to her feet. I took my middle finger plunge it deep into her cunt, turned it upward and sought out her g spot. Using that grip on her, I lead her upstairs into my master bedroom.
Once in the room, I sat on the bed with Marilyn standing in front of me between my spread out legs. "Marilyn, remove that teddy and drop it at my feet and then bend over my knees." With a look of submission in her face, Marilyn complied. Looking at her surprising firm ass with its anus and pussy exposed to my view, I marbled at this gift she was giving me, her ass. I ran my hands, lovely, over the entirety of her rear end. I took a finger and stroked her pussy lips, getting it wet from the liquids leaking out of her. Taking that wet finger, I placed at the entrance to her anus and pushed. Marilyn shivered at my touch!
It took all my determination to do what came next, I slap her right cheek, hard. Marilyn cried out in pain, but she did not move. "Marilyn, do you understand why I slapped your beautiful cheek?"
Marilyn replied, "Yes. You need to show me your dominance over me and I in kind needed to show my acceptance of that dominance."
In response, I gently stroke that cheek before bending down to lovely kiss it. I then had Marilyn stand up (that is when I noticed the deep red marks that my hands left on her breasts from picking her up from the couch). I laid back onto the middle of the bed. I then spread my legs as wide as possible and looked up at Marilyn. Without my having to tell her, she got on the bed, laid down between my outspread legs and lower her face directly into my pussy.
Marilyn spent the rest of the night giving me pleasure in every manner she could think of, without looking for me to reciprocate in any way.
Two hours later, I pulled Marilyn's body into a spooning position with my exhausted body and proceeded to cover us with the bedding. I stroked Marilyn's breast and probed her pussy bring her to at least two orgasm before we fell, totally spent, to sleep. I felt eternally indebted to Marilyn for giving me the best celebration possible and more importantly for conveying her lifelong servitude to me.
When I arrived home the next night, Marilyn met at the door with a look of joy on her face at my arrival. After kissing her, I told her to turn around. Reaching into my purse, I pulled out and attached around her neck this exquisite one inch wide crystal inlaid collar. Marilyn immediately open the coat closet to look at the collar in the full length mirror attached to the back of the closet door. With joy in her face, she admired the gift. Turning to me, she had slipped a finger through the ring attached to the front of the collar and said, "Where it the leash?"
I responded, "You need to earn that."
Marilyn responded, "How?"
"Don't worry about it, it will come to me!"