CFNM Randy Summers Party Planner:
Somehow, my money never seems to stretch far enough. I have been doing more advertising in hopes of getting more gigs. I try to be discreet and not advertise on campus or in places faculty or other students might see.
After a couple of disappointing contacts who flaked out after I had done a lot of ground work getting together a group of guys to serve, and fun games for us to play, I finally landed what seemed like a promising interview.
She was planning a small birthday party/hen night with a few gal-pals and wanted 1 or 2 servers who were into the CFNM scene.
I emailed her a list of games I offer and rules of conduct. I even have a power point presentation. I try to handle my sideline in a very professional manner. She was interested and we agreed to meet to discuss particulars. She asked that I come to her home and bring along some of the "game equipment" so she could get a better idea of how my CFNM games worked.
I really needed this gig so I dressed to show her the "goods". I wore a pair of very stretchy white lounge pants that clung to my ass and thighs and were thin enough to show my cock to full advantage. I topped it off with a pale blue sleeveless muscle-t shirt. I tend to 'dress right', so my balls and cock make an impressive bulge down my right pants leg. I guess I am a bit of a narcissist.
I drove to her house in the Beverly Hills/Brentwood area. The really nice digs made me wonder if I shouldn't up my party planning fee. I rang the bell and she met me at the door.
She was a stocky brunette, mid 40's and a bit "tough" looking, but all in all a MILF.
"Come in Randy, you're right on time. I've traveled a lot in Europe, and have been to some of the nude male strip clubs. My friends and I are VERY into CFNM, and like the idea of being in control of naked men. CFNM seems to be more popular and well known in Europe and the UK, so I was very excited to find your advertisement here in LA."
I don't think she took her eyes from my crotch the whole time she was speaking.
"I liked your list of party games. I have a few questions though. I was interested in "Walking the Dog". What does that entail?"
I pulled a dog collar and leash from my bag. The collar is pink with a rhinestone monogram that reads "princess". Something I found that ladies into FemDom and humiliation get a laugh from. I explained "walking the dog" involves a lady collaring the server and leading him around by the leash in whatever way amuses her and the other guests.
"I'd like to see the collar on you...take off your shirt."
I did as told. She took the collar from my hand and fastened it around my neck. She took the leash, used the handle to take a few playful flicks at my chest and then my crotch, (which caused the blood to start flowing to my cock) fastened it to the collar and led me into the living room.
We sat on the sofa and she began telling me her ideas for the party she was planning. She sat very close to me, absentmindedly flicking my nipples and my cock with the handle of the dog leash. I could feel the bulge in my pants growing. She wanted to throw a CFNM-style birthday for her daughter. There had been such parties in Europe and the hope was that I could come up with something as fun and uninhibited. We looked through my file of guys that I sometimes call upon to help when more than one server is required. We looked over the list of games. As we chatted she very boldly stroked and caressed my growing crotch bulge. I can't help it. I do tend to get aroused when a woman plays with my genitals, duh!"
"There are some very attractive boys in your book. Are they all as delicious as you?"
I gave what I thought was my most suggestive grin. "Well...I don't know about that, I haven't tasted any of them."
She laughed, put one hand around the back of my neck and drew me in for a kiss. The other hand was busy squeezing and caressing my now hard cock through my thin pants. This was getting me very hot. If this was the party she had in mind, it was fine by me.
"Ooh, that is a very impressive fuck tool. But it seems to be leaking."
Sure enough my cock had snaked halfway down my thigh and the oozing pre-cum had made a very obvious wet spot. She ran a finger around my oozing cock. It made me feel dirty, but very turned-on.
She asked me if I wanted a drink...and led me by the leash into the kitchen. We had some wine and talked more about the party and the CFNM games I provide.
"This 'walking the dog' seems like fun...but I can't really get the full effect while you still have your pants on..." She pulled the leash toward her and gave me a deep, wet kiss while firmly rubbing my crotch.
I obliged and dropped trou. My penis obliged by jumping front and center to full attention. She walked a few steps away, looking me over top to bottom and used the leash to pull me close to her again.
"Yes. Now I understand the fun of this game. It would be quite a lovely sight, you naked and hard being led from room to room on a leash."
She led me back to the living room. We went through my bag of games...she pulled out various articles and wanted me to demonstrate their uses.
I have body crayons...so ladies may write names or messages or even dirty words on the naked server's body. She wrote my name on my chest. She made sure to grab my butt in an attempt to keep me standing still.
There are body paints...for a game called target practice. She painted a nice bull's eye on one of my butt cheeks. She took a great deal of time making each circle 'just so', managing to grab my balls or cock to keep me in just the right position, which naturally was keeping me aroused. She seemed very pleased with her work.
This amused her no end and she took me by the leash and began leading me around the house, my hard-on bouncing and drooling pre-cum around as we walked.
As I was being led around, quite naked, she showed me the house, the rooms she thought of using for the party and such.
Occasionally she would stop, grab the collar around my neck and kiss me, patting and stroking my cock as she did so. I knew that I was enjoying myself because the pre-cum was really flowing from the tip of my cock.
As we passed through the kitchen again, we took the housekeeper by surprise. The poor woman looked as though she was going to drop a pile of dishes she was putting away, luckily no harm was done. My hostess was utterly unfazed.
As we headed through the hall, the doorbell rang. She opened it...mind you I am right behind her, naked, and being led by a dog leash. I made a quick attempt to move behind the door and out of the sight line of whoever was there but she pulled the leash close so that I couldn't. I don't know what the UPS driver at the door must have thought when he saw us. With my exhibitionist streak I found the situation very exciting.
It seemed that she spent an inordinate amount of time accepting the package. She was obviously enjoying having the power to put me on display.
"Your rules of conduct were truthful...you really do just as I want."
"As long as it doesn't cause physical harm...or get me arrested! I hope that UPS driver doesn't report me for indecent exposure!"
We both laughed.
She uncollared me and we went into the den so that I could demonstrate my bar-tending skills by making her a cocktail and serving her in the nude. She took a few shots at me with one of the water pistols she found in my bag that we use for the game "target practice". She even managed to hit the bull's eye on my ass a few times.
As I approached with her drink on a tray she got in a few shots at my chest and quite a few at my cock and low hanging balls. My ball sack swayed a bit with each hit from the water pistol. With a serving tray in one hand and cocktail napkin in the other my body parts were an easy target...
This amused her to no end, and she had me stand there, with a tray in one hand. The phone rang, and she took a call while continuing to squirt me with the water pistol. It was actually kind of fun, and having my cock squirted was making me hard again.
She noticed this while chatting on the phone, and began to concentrate her target practice on my stiffening cock until she was through with her call.
"So you or your guys would work the party just like that, and we could play these games with you and keep you all naked?"
"Yes, that's just what we do."
"What if someone wanted to touch you guys?"
"As long as there is no harm involved, we of course would have to allow you ladies to touch whatever you wished.'
"In front of a lot of people, wouldn't that embarrass you?"
"Well, sometimes when ladies are looking at me when I'm naked I feel exposed and a bit shy, but also excited."
"That's because you have nothing to be embarrassed about." She made another hit with the water pistol right on the head of my cock.
"We should sit and finalize some plans...oh but you have paint on your ass...and I don't want it staining my divan. We'll have to take care of that."
At which point she grabbed me by the cock and pulled me over to the wet bar, grabbed a bar towel and soap with her free hand and proceeded to wash the bull's eye off my butt. It seemed to me that she was taking more time than necessary and her fingers were straying to my butt hole, which was only making my cock harder. I am usually prepared for this kind of situation, but I was not prepared for her daughter to walk in at that moment.
I assumed it was her daughter...she was younger, but with the same stocky, tough features.
"Hello dear...you're back early...I was going over some of the ideas for your party with Randy, the party planner."
The daughter seemed mildly surprised...but her gaze zeroed in on the soapy hand job her mom was giving me. I wasn't sure where this was leading...and I tried to extricate my cock from the mother's grip...without much success. I tried to cover myself with a bar towel but my "hostess" was having none of that.
"There's no need to be shy now, Randy. My daughter and her friends will be seeing you naked all night at the party."
I thought to myself "that's right" but I don't usually give out too many free samples even with a commission pending. I probably shouldn't have let her kiss me, but I was horny and I needed the money from this gig.
"Honey, why don't you look over his folder of games? I found several that seemed very fun. And Randy has been kind enough to demonstrate a few for me." As she spoke she was still soaping and stroking my cock and balls. It felt great, all warm and slippery and I was getting very turned on standing naked in a mansion with a woman milking my dick while her daughter watched She finally seemed satisfied with her wash job, allowed me to dry myself, and the three of us sat on the sofa, me naked between them, to discuss more plans for the party.
"Before I forget..." said my hostess, as she reached in her purse on the coffee table, "you'll need a deposit so that we can book you and your servers." She placed a goodly pile of large bills on the table. It was enough to make me fair game for the rest of this "interview" party or no party.
As we sat, they both pressed very close beside me. Flipping through my binder of games and available guys, they both found excuses to touch me, playing with my Pecs and abs and stroking my cock, keeping me aroused. One of the items in the list of games 'Teasing & Denial' seemed to interest the daughter.
"You mean you can't touch yourself unless I tell you too, but I can touch you all I want? And you can't cum unless I let you?"
"Yes, Miss, that's the game." I pulled a small bottle of lube from my bag and gave it to her. She dribbled a bit on my cock, which was already slick from pre-cum and hard from all the attention the ladies had been paying to it. .She began to stroke me, slowly working her hand up and down my shaft, alternately tightening and loosening her grip. It felt fantastic! The pre-cum was almost gushing out of my cock slit.
She had me stand in front of her so she could get a good look. She and her mother turned me this way and that, trying to find the best view. Next we tried "Forced Exercise." I was made to do jumping jacks, run in place and do push-ups until I was glistening with sweat. If at any time my cock started to droop, I was called over for some more lubing and stroking. Then I was made to walk up and down the hall stairs, two at a time, so they could watch my butt muscles work.
I guess I was sweating enough, and I was getting tired, so they asked me to just stand in front of them. They began circling me as though I were a prize, or a sculpture. They took turns running their hands over various parts of my body, always being sure to give my dick a pull. I made sure to flex and tense my muscles, to show them off to best advantage. Damn, I was horny!
I stood there dripping with sweat; legs spread and cock at attention, wondering what was coming next. Then I saw the mother grab the ice bucket from the bar, and the daughter grabbed my by the balls and started to lead me out to the patio.
The mother said: "You're all hot and sweaty from exercising...I'm sure you need to cool off..." and with that she grabbed a handful of crushed ice and began to rub it on my chest and torso. I must have jumped three feet! After the initial shock and a bit of squirming and groaning from me...it felt kind of good.
Then the daughter who had been behind me took a handful of crushed ice and began to rub it on my shoulders and back. She took two handfuls and rubbed them on my ass cheeks. She lingered there a while before taking a rather large chip, spreading my butt cheeks and rubbing the ice right on my hole. I gasped in amazement...but it felt pretty wild. The chill had made my ball sack tighten right up, and the mother took a chunk of ice and began to run it over and around my tight nuts. This could give new meaning to the term "blue balls".
Then they each took turns rubbing ice along my thighs and calves, stroking up and down. It was getting a bit cold, and I know I was squirming and moaning to their obvious delight.
The daughter reached her arms around me in a bit of a bear hug. She was surprisingly strong. I had to ask..."Ladies...what are you trying to do to me?
The mother replied..."We're practicing 'tease and denial'." And with that she placed a piece of ice right on my piss slit.
I yelped and tried to reach out and cover my cock with my hands, but the daughter was holding back my arms. Her mother traced some ice along my piss slit, and then in slightly larger circles around the mushroom head of my penis which was making it jump and twitch as though it had a mind of its own. The pre-cum was almost flowing in a steady stream.
My dick was feeling very cold, and this was getting a bit more painful than I like, but for some reason I was still rock hard.
"Mom, I think it's time for something a bit warmer now..."
"Yes dear, but I want to be sure to get the measurements..."
I wondered what was in store now and whether I should just run for the door when the mother brought out a small, roundish watermelon.
She put it on a table, and the daughter brought me over, playing with my cock to keep me hard, and the mother proceeded to dig a hole in the rind making sure to poke my cock against it every so often so she could carve it just big enough for me to fit inside. When she was satisfied she had a good snug fit she said "now we want to see your technique."
With that, the daughter, who still had a grip on my dick, guided the head into the hole in the melon and gave my ass a push so that my dick would slide inside.
I had never fucked fruit before, and the melon must have been sitting outside, because it felt very warm and wet.
It took a few strokes for me to get the hang of it, but after a bit I was sliding my cock in and out as though it were a tight pussy or butt hole.
One of them, by now, I can't remember who, found the bottle of poppers in my bag of toys and placed it under my nose so that I got a good whiff. That got me unbelievably horned up, and I went to town as though I were fucking a living thing.
They both got their faces in real, real close so they could watch my big cock slide in and out, and occasionally flicked at it with their tongues, to get pieces of watermelon that were sticking to my dick as I pumped away. I made sure to make long, slow strokes so that they could see the full length of my cock from tip to root. Also this gave them time to lick the watermelon juice and bits of fruit from my shaft which felt crazy wild!
They had me put on quite a show. They took turns holding the melon while I humped. I even grabbed it and "forced" it up and down on my cock, masturbating with it.
The daughter then grabbed the melon and took it away from me.
"I'm going to put vodka in this and eat it later." She looked at me and licked her lips. "You're horny as hell right now, aren't you?'
I stood there, nodding, all sweaty, with watermelon juice dripping off my throbbing cock and down my balls while the two of them just looked at me.
Her mother went for the garden hose and turned it on me. After so much hot activity, it felt cold but refreshing. She sprayed me down to wash the sweat and watermelon off of me.
She made me turn round and round so she could get my back and ass. Gradually she increased the force of the water...forcing me up against the fence in the yard.
"You're such a hot, dirty boy...we have to get you good and clean."
The sprinkle was now a harder stream of water...I felt like some prisoner being hosed down by sadistic matrons.
She started pummeling my chest with water, then working across and down my torso and abs, stopping just above my crotch. I was trying to "tough it out" but this was quite a scene. I'm sure I did a lot of grunting.
After my chest and abs got a bit of "water massage", the daughter came up with my bottle of poppers again and had me take a good whiff. As the head rush hit, the mother turned the water on my cock and balls. The sensation made me gasp. The mother got closer, and the daughter gave me more poppers. The mother began running the stream of water all along the shaft of my bouncing cock. Between the poppers and the water pounding on my cock I was getting ready to cum.
They must have sensed that I was close to cumming because suddenly the hose was turned off, I was led to a patio table and given my clothes and all my party materials and some additional cash.
While I stood there soaked, naked and still hard, they told me how much they had enjoyed the CFNM games, and what a good party it would make. They would get back to me when the party arrangements were finalized.
I was asked to dress and go as they had things to do. I became obvious that I was not to be given a towel or a chance to dry off, so I was glad it was a warm day. My tight t-shirt and stretchy pants were thin, and the pants when wet were almost transparent. They both watched me as I walked to my car. My ass and cock were particularly visible in my damp clothes. A few cars passed by on the street before I got into mine. A couple of them honked, so I'm sure they saw all my "goods", and that kept me aroused.
I was so turned on by the afternoon's games, and so horny at not being allowed to cum that I had to pull my cock out of my pants and jack myself as I drove back to campus and my dorm. I couldn't keep my hand off my dick. After the events of the afternoon, I desperately needed release. I wasn't sure I could hold out until I got home. At a couple of stoplights, I caught the eyes of drivers in cars next to me. Could they see what I was doing? Once or twice I'm sure the driver could see me jacking myself off. I decided to take lesser traveled streets so that I wouldn't get arrested exposing myself.
It was certainly one of my more interesting drives home!