"What happens in the cubicle stays in the cubicle"... It's a catchy little saying that I tell all of my customers to help put them at ease. My name is Karmen. I am your local banker at your local bank. Every day I kiss my hubby (Steve) goodbye, pat my kiddos little heads, leave my quaint little house in my conservative family car and commute to my professional job. Most days are uneventful and are drowning in drab and normal transactions, but then there are days that I can't keep my panties dry. There are days that "what happens in the cubicle stays in the cubicle" has a whole new meaning! Today was one of those days.
It's a pretty common occurrence for Anita, our receptionist, to tell me how good looking the male client waiting for me in the lobby is. She's an African-American lady in her late 60's who believes in 3 things: Jesus, hot pink lipstick and a fine lookin man.
"Karmen honey, there is a handsome young man out here that needs your assistance. Now, this one is sexy! He looks just as good goin as he did comin! If you can't help him, you just send him back out here to me." I have no doubt that she could teach us all a few lessons.
I stepped out of my cubicle and into the lobby where I saw my next customer seated and reading a drab banking magazine. I outstretched my hand and put on my best banker face "Hi! I'm Karmen. What can I do for you today?"
I barely got the words out of my mouth before I was dumbstruck and rendered completely mute by the piercing pale blue eyes that looked up and locked onto mine. Holy shit, this man was beautiful! I immediately noticed my breathing became a little erratic and my nipples became taut little points straining against my office attire blouse. Oh, I was so screwed!
He seemed to notice the effect he was having on me. He took a minute to blatantly scan my body from top to bottom and set his gaze back to mine. He unfolded his long legs running his hand up his thigh as he stood. It was all I could do not to moan as I imagined he was running his hand up my thigh and under my skirt. My panties were already wet.
"Karmen..." He said my name like he was tasting it "I'm Darek. I just transferred to town and it seems I need a local bank. I've heard good things - great things - about you. So yes, I believe you can help me."
Donna, my bestie, was already out of her cubicle summoned by the teller trio - Megan, Ashton and Erika. She just stood there staring, arms crossed and mouthed a "fuck me!" Before turning to look at me and grin like a Cheshire Cat. What's the big deal? So he's hot? Yeah, fuckable hot!
The next half hour was spent in idle conversation as Darek shared how he had moved to our small town to help a buddy get his new business up and running. He dabbled in marketing, IT work and pubic relations but he explained - with a curve of his lips and a spark in his eye - that his real strength was managing and delegating "You see Karmen..." Oh god I loved how he said my name "...I've always been able to get people to do what I want. They want to please me and I encourage it. I've always been very successful with that".
Well I'll be damned. He's a damn dominant! As the realization struck me, I felt myself crossing my legs and squeezing my thighs together to relieve some of the ache in my throbbing pussy. My breasts felt heavy and I began imagining myself caressing them while he watched me. Darek seemed to read my thoughts and let out a low sexy-as-hell chuckle "Oh Karmen..." I swear I'm going to cum right here if he keeps saying my name like that. He leaned forward and set his elbows on my desk giving me a close up view of his broad chest and strong arms barely contained in a tight black tshirt. He set his chin, with just enough stubble to make me imagine how it would feel on my neck and shoulders, on his long thick steepled fingers and smiled a panty-dropping smile "...You see it, don't you? You see how fun it could be. You see how good it would be." He leaned back with a satisfied grin and ran his hands through his thick dark hair narrowing his steely blue eyes as he studied me "Yes. I believe we are going to be good friends, Karmen." Can my pussy get any wetter?
Darek left my cubicle, not only as one of our newest account holders, but as my one of my newest fantasies. We all stared in amazement as we watched his perfectly tight ass wrapped in tight faded jeans leave the bank.
"Holy shit!" All eyes now turned to me. Did I say that out loud? "What? So he was kinda cute. I'm taking my lunch now." And with that, I went back into my little corner cubicle, closed the door and pulled the wooden blinds closed. I needed some privacy and I didn't need Margo, the office snitch, tattling about me eating my lunch at my desk.
I plopped down in my swivel chair behind my desk and turned to my right and gazed outside at the warm sunshine. It was good to see spring was finally on its way. I realized I was idly toying with my nipple when I heard a noise and voices behind me in the deserted side lot. I swiveled to the window behind me and peered through the horizontal blinds.
What the hell? There he was. Darek. His black pick-up truck was backed toward the building pointed toward my window. He was casually leaning against his truck with his arms crossed and he was smiling at someone - a female someone - who was giggling and cooing her way towards him. She walked straight into his arms where he encircled her and brought her into a hot passionate kiss. Wow. How is she still standing?
He broke the kiss and stepped over and opened the driver side door of his truck effectively making a private little nook. Just the three of us. He moved so that the girl was backed up against the drivers seat caged in by Darek's imposing body. With both of his strong hands, he cupped her fragile looking face and guided her down onto he knees. Is he going to have her do what I think he is? Here? Hell yeah he is!
He looked down at her and stroked her hair while she completed the task of removing his erect cock straining against his already tight jeans. And an impressive cock it was! Then just before she takes him into her mouth, he turns to face me as I peer out at this scene he has obviously planned and prepared.
He fists his own cock and begins to leisurely stroke it while he stares straight through the vertical window blinds at me. I don't even remember unbuttoning my blouse, but realize I must have when I feel myself squeezing my breasts and pinching my nipples, pulling at them as I imagine Darek sucking and pulling on them with his teeth. He nods and smiles, both of us knowing that I am more than willing to play along.
Darek controls every move the girl makes as she devours his cock even as he turns his head to watch me openly fondle my tits for him. He makes a slight hand gesture and I instinctively know he wants me open the blinds of the full length rectangular window. I do. He smiles in approval and I'm so turned on that he does.
He pulls himself from the girl's mouth and stands her back up only to lift her onto the seat of the truck. He quickly removes her jeans and throws them over the bed of the truck. Then he looks expectantly at me. I don't move. He raises his naturally perfect shaped eyebrow as a question of obedience aimed at me. So I stand and drop my brightly colored flouncy skirt to the floor and stand at the window in my open blouse with my boobs spilling out of my pink lace bra and my cunt soaking the matching panties. Darek smiles in approval and points urging me to remove them. He nods as he licks his lips and I almost combust from the heat coming through the window.
I sit back down in my office chair and with only slight movements and hand gestures, he positions me with my chair pulled forward and me leaned back with my ass sitting on the edge of the seat. My left leg is hiked up onto the second shelf of my bookcase and my right leg is resting on my wastebasket. I am spread open for him to view and I love it.
I had almost forgotten about the girl that was with him and a tinge of jealousy almost crept over me. All I could see of her was from the waist down. I began to fantasize that was me lying there. I licked two fingers on my right hand and go back to pinching and pulling on my hard sensitive nipples. Darek places his left hand on the girl's thigh and nods at me leading me to run my left hand along my own thigh causing little quivers in both of my legs and throbs of need in my clit. He begins to rub her mound and I rub mine. He slides his fingers into her hot wet pussy making me moan as my fingers slide into mine. He licks the sweet juice off his fingers and I taste it as I lick mine.
I am vigorously rubbing my hard clit watching Darek and fantasizing about him touching me. I'm so close and building so fast. Then, just as I thought this couldn't get any more exciting and erotic, Darek catches my attention with his rock hard dick. He strokes a few times and then stops to wipe a drop of precum from the tip. His eyes heat even more as he licks the drop from his thumb in a way that I can almost taste it.
He positions his hips between the girl's legs and stops just as the swollen head of his cock begins to bury itself deep in her cunt. With our eyes locked on one another - fierce blue to gooey brown - he sinks into her while I sink two of my fingers deep inside my pussy feeling him to my core tantalizing that special spot causing me to throw my head back in ecstasy while I imagine Darek fucking me.
I wasn't even aware if I was being quiet or discreet and, quite frankly, I didn't give a hot damn at that moment. I lifted my head and opened my eyes just as Darek began walking toward my window with his purple-headed dick about to explode. His expression was serious (seriously hot). The muscles in his jaw and his neck were twitching. His right hand held his cock tightly while his left hand was braced against the building. Even through his gritted teeth, I knew when he mouthed that one word - that command "CUM".
I did. Gloriously so. I watched Darek pump stream after stream of hot cum from his rock hard cock while my orgasm ripped through me like I was starved for it. I couldn't stop. I kept pumping my fingers hitting that sensitive little bundle of nerves and I began rubbing my still swollen clit. A second orgasm flew through me before I was even down from the fist one.
I was heaving and panting and cursing. I mean, what kind of twisted ass fuck game was this? And why the hell did it turn me the fuck on like this? Darek just sagged with his forehead pressed against the glass. A sated quirky little smirk curled on his lips. Damn, he was so hot.
He went about tucking himself back in while I stood to stretch my legs that were now like jelly. I noticed the girl was gone and after a shared smile, so was Darek.
I regrouped and redressed opting to finish my work day without my undies seeing as they were no longer up to the task. I exited my cubicle and reentered the bank world only to hear that the topic of that super hot guy with the intense blue eyes was still circulating. Donna had joined the teller trio to talk a little sex while she drank her afternoon Coke. She looked at me out of the corner of her eye and smiled. She has an uncanny knack for detecting a recent orgasm.
The inquisition began. The teller trio pushed and prodded for details about the new mystery man in town. I kept the answers vague and kept all of the hot little secrets to myself. After all, what happens in he cubicle - or outside its window - stays in the cubicle.