Vanessa pulled into the driveway and stepped out. She took a deep breath, wondering what kind of conversation she might end up having with her mother. She entered the house and closed the front door behind her, "Mom, I'm home," she called out.
"I'm in the kitchen," came the reply.
Vanessa stepped into the kitchen and watched as her mom turned around and faced her, "Mom, you're naked," she cried out. She looked at her mother's figure from head to toe and back again. She ended looking at her mom's face with a smile.
"Well, it was your idea," Nancy replied.
Vanessa smiled, "you really did it. I proud of you mom."
Nancy watched as her daughter quickly removed her clothes, folded them, and set them on the chair next to her. She still had butterflies in her stomach but they were beginning to lessen.
"There, now you're not the only one naked," Vanessa said. "You're beautiful, mom. You have nothing to be ashamed of."
"Thank you," Nancy said very quietly.
"Though, I think you could probably use a little bit of a trim," Vanessa said as she ran her fingers through her own pubic hair. "Let me know if you need some help," she offered.
Nancy looked down and looked at the wildness of her bush and looked at Vanessa's. She agreed that it could use a little work. She remembered a time when her husband took on the responsibility of keeping it neat. It usually led to an oral inspection followed by a session in bed.
"So, mom, how does it feel?" Vanessa asked anxiously.
"It feels kind of nice, actually. It's been a long time."
"You've done this before?"
"Well, not in public, but your father and I would often stay nude on weekends when we weren't planning on going anywhere." She looked at her daughter who had a questioning look on her face. "This was before you were born and I was a lot younger looking."
"Oh, mom," Vanessa said as she stepped up to her mother and hugged her.
Nancy was hesitant at first, her skin making contact with another woman's skin, but quickly embraced her daughter and smiled.
*
"So," Nancy said, poking at the lettuce in front of her then looking up at Carol, "I didn't put anything on until this morning to come to work."
Carol raised her eyebrows, "and?"
Nancy looked at her, "and what?"
"Did you like it?"
With a shy look on her face, Nancy looked at Carol, "it was okay," she said in a semi-positive tone of voice.
Carol beamed, she was proud of her friend for stretching her comfort zone, "it feels nice, doesn't it?"
Nancy nodded her head, "it was just me at first and it took a while but it felt natural after a while. And then Vanessa called and said she was on her way home."
"Obviously you stayed naked," Carol observed.
"I wasn't going to. When I hung up I went to the bedroom to start getting dressed. I put on some panties and opened the closet door and saw myself in the mirror. All of a sudden, the panties felt, I don't know, confining. So," Nancy said with a wave of her fork, "I took 'em off and went back to the kitchen."
Carol put her hand on top of Nancy's, "good for you, I'm proud of you."
"Needless to say, it wasn't quite what Vanessa expected."
"I'm sure. But I'm guessing she was very happy," Carol said.
"Well, she stripped right there in front of me and gave me a hug," Nancy said with a hint of a smile and looking at Carol over the top of her reading glasses.
"Aww, that's sweet," Carol said.
"It was strange at first."
"What's that?" Carol asked.
"Well, I've Vanessa and I have hugged before, but this time," Nancy said and left the thought unfinished.
"You were both naked and your tits were rubbing up against her," Carol finished for her.
"Carol!" Nancy tried to rebuke Carol, but couldn't. There was no way that she was going to admit to Carol that her nipples stiffened with the hug.
"Well, now the next step is to get you to see the wonderful piece of land you own," Carol stated as a command versus a suggestion.
Nancy looked and started to slowly shake her head. Carol just smiled.
*
Nancy, Carol and Troy were sitting around the conference in the real estate office. Troy had arranged a number of photos of the cabins in front of Nancy.
"So," Nancy said as she put her elbow on the table and rested her chin in her hand, "you really think it's worth redoing the interiors?"
"Well, as I said," Troy started to answer as he shuffled the pictures, "as you can see from these pictures," pointing to one group, "versus these pictures," pointing to another group, "not all of the cabins would need the same work."
Nancy looked at the pictures, picking up some of them and looking at them closely. Troy and Carol watched as Nancy compared pictures from the interiors of two of the cabins.
"I see what you're saying," Nancy said nodding her head, still looking at the pictures. She showed one to Troy, "this looks like it came from the 70's."
Troy laughed, "yeah, Avocado kinda went out of style a coupla years back."
"I wonder why Gerry didn't do anything about them."
"Well, I asked him and he said no one really complained and he didn't have the resources even if they did."
Nancy looked a Troy with a little bit of a frown, "why, I wonder didn't he tell me?" she asked rhetorically.
Troy looked at Nancy, shrugged his shoulders to say he didn't know either.
"What about the bedrooms and baths?" Nancy asked as she shuffled through the photos, "I don't see any photos of those."
Troy's face brightened up, "well, I figured that I'd start with this to see if there was interest. I was going to look at that as perhaps the next phase."
Nancy looked at Troy with a grimace in one corner of her mouth as if to say 'really?'
"I know, I know," Troy said, smiling and raising his hands, "I've worked for you long enough. I should have taken pictures of everything and brought them in."
He started to gather the pictures together and looked at Nancy, "I'll get some pictures taken and bring them in a couple of days."
Nancy looked at Carol. Carol looked back suddenly wondering what was going through her friend's mind.
Nancy looked back at Troy, "that's okay. I'll come out and see for myself."
Silence enveloped the room. Carols eyes went wide as she looked at Nancy, a smile beginning to form. Troy's eyes went wide as well, first looking at Carol and then back to Nancy.
Nancy looked at Troy as he stammered a little, "um, uh, okay, sure. I, uh, I mean, well, yeah. I can show you, um, uh, what they look like.
Nancy put her hands on the table, looked at Carol and then Troy, "good then, I'll see you tomorrow afternoon."
Troy finished gathering the pictures and stood up as well while Carol remained riveted to her chair, "tomorrow afternoon, then."
Troy looked at the two women again before, "tomorrow," and left the conference room.
Nancy sat down and blew out. She looked at Carol, "what the hell have I just done?" she said to no in particular.
*
"Mom," Vanessa said as the two stood near the front door, "I'm so proud of you. You're going to be fine."
"I don't know, maybe I shouldn't," Nancy said, feeling the butterflies already in her gut.
"I wish I could go with you."
"You have classes today. You can't be skipping those," she looked at her daughter and smiled.
Vanessa looked at her mother with a serious look on her face, "If, for whatever reason, you decide you never want to go back, I promise that neither Carol or I will bug you anymore." She smiled and rubbed her mother's arms, "but I have a feeling that you're going to love it and wonder why you didn't try this sooner. Soon you'll be like Carol and me and dread the thought of putting clothes back on."
"I don't know about that," Nancy replied. She couldn't see herself being that way.
Vanessa leaned in and kissed her mom on the cheek, "when is Carol getting here?"
"An hour or so."
"I love you, mom."
"I love you too, kiddo," Nancy said, trying to be more positive.
Nancy spent time cleaning the kitchen and picking up things, putting them away. She then went to her bedroom and changed clothes. She looked at herself one last time in the mirror, 'oh what do you think you're doing,' she thought to herself. Her thoughts were interrupted by the sound of the doorbell, with one more deep breath, she closed the closet door and went to answer the door.
She looked through the peephole and saw Carol on the other side, smiling. She opened the door and saw Carol with a smile on her face, "hello Nancy, you look wonderful. I like the shorts."
"Thanks, come on in."
"You ready?" Carol asked.
"I suppose," Nancy said not so convincingly.
Carol put her hands on her friend's arms, "listen, we'll leave whenever you want to. If you never want to go back, nobody is going to make fun of you or pressure you," Carol said and then smiled, rubbing her arms, "but I think you're not going to want to leave."
Nancy smiled, "that's pretty much what Vanessa said earlier this morning."
Carol nodded her head towards the front door, "come on."
Carol steered the conversation towards work and other happenings in the office and around town. Before Nancy knew it, they were pulling up to the gate. She watched as Carol slid the card through the reader and then punched some buttons for her pin. She turned as the gate opened and remained silent as they entered the grounds. The further they went, the more Nancy saw just how beautiful the place was. The pictures didn't do the place justice.
They rounded one last bend and the house came into view. Nancy looked at it and exclaimed, "oh lord, that house is gorgeous. I love the wrap-around porch."
Nancy looked around, "I can see why you said this place is beautiful," as she continued to scan the grounds. She was grateful that there wasn't anyone around at the moment.
"Come on inside. We'll get changed and I'll show you some more of what you bought."
Nancy turned and followed Carol, the butterflies churning. She stepped inside and continued to follow Carol to the guest bedroom. She didn't look at the interior in any great detail, her mind was focused elsewhere.
Carol entered the guest room and said, "we can leave our clothes in here." She turned and looked at Nancy, "you ready?"
Nancy smiled a little and nodded her head, "I'm just a little scared."
"I understand, I was too the first time. You'll be okay," Carol tried to comfort her friend. "I'll go into the other room and you come out when you're ready."
"No, stay," Nancy quickly countered.
Carol smiled and didn't say a word as she started undressing. Nancy watched as Carol's body came into view. She started to unbutton her own top, removing it and setting it aside. She reached around and unclasped her bra and held it in place as she watched her friend slide her panties down her legs. She finally let the bra fall when Carol stood up and smiled at her, totally nude. She unsnapped the shorts she was wearing and let them fall to the floor.
"Just one more piece," Carol softly said with an encouraging smile.
"Yeah," Nancy sighed as she hooked her thumbs in the waist of her panties. The butterflies in her stomach tripled as she slid them down her legs, letting gravity finish the rest.
"Breath, Nanc," Carol encouraged her. She stepped forward close enough to put her hand on Nancy's shoulder, "you are gorgeous and you have nothing to be ashamed of." Taking Nancy's hand in hers, "come on, let's go outside."
Nancy let her friend lead her out the door, down the stairs and to the front screen door. Carol smiled as she watched Nancy try and see if anyone was outside. Carol pushed the door opened and slowly led Nancy outside. She let her adjust to being out of doors for the first time in the nude. The butterflies were still in her stomach but seemed to have lessened.
"Doing okay?" Carol asked as she wanted to prod Nancy along but not force her at the same time.
Nancy nodded her head, "umm mm," she replied without opening her mouth.
Carol started towards the stairs, still holding Nancy's hand. She was glad that Nancy followed and didn't pull back. Soon they were at the bottom of the stairs and in the sun. Nancy looked up at the sun and let go of Carols hand. She rubbed her hand over her torso where the sun was warming her skin. There was a very slight breeze and she felt it run across her skin like a feather.
Nancy looked at Carol with a smile starting to form, "the sun feels good."
Carol grew a big smile, nodded and said, "yeah, it does."
They both turned at the sound of an approaching engine. Troy pulled up in the Gator and stepped out. Nancy looked at him, feeling very self-conscious. She couldn't help but look at his mid-section.
"Oh, my," Nancy said in a whisper. Carol looked at her a gave a slight smile.
As Troy approached, Nancy focused her eyes on his face. She could see that his eyes, however, were focused a little lower at first. She could also see the corners of his mouth turn up, the beginning of a smile.
"Uh, well hello, Troy," Nancy said, trying to sound confident, more confident than she felt at the moment.
"Nancy, Carol," Troy said as he stepped closer and stopped. "I was surprised when you said you were going to come out and see the cabins for yourself. I'm glad you did."
"Well, I just figured that since I'm going to be spending all this money, I need to see just what I'm spending it on."
The fact that she could have remained clothed was not lost on either Carol or Troy, or that she could have simply had Troy take more pictures. But neither of them were going to say anything as they were both glad that Nancy made the effort. They both knew it must have taken a lot for Nancy to stand there totally exposed.
Troy turned slightly, smiling, pointed to where the cabins were, "right this way ladies."
Nancy stole a quick glance at his penis and noticed that it wasn't as soft as it was when she first saw him. She could feel a small but empty pit in her stomach. It had been a very long time since she had sex and suddenly realized just how much missed it. The toys helped but they were no substitute for the real thing.
They walked slowly towards the cabins as Troy pointed out some of the features and landscaping. They came across the small stage with the benches in a semi-circle.
"What's this?" Nancy stopped and asked.
Troy led them towards the little amphitheater, "well, on many Saturday evenings, there's some kind of entertainment put on by the members themselves."
"Like what?" Nancy asked as she walked amongst the benches.
"Well, the first time Carol was here, for instance," he started to answer, looking at Carol and smiling, "a string quartet played."
Carol added, "and they were quite good."
Nancy looked around and nodded her head, "nice."
Troy added, "we've had a couple who tried some stand up comedy and it wasn't too bad."
Carol and Troy looked at each other. Neither was ready to tell Nancy what other performances happened there. There'd be plenty of time later.
Nancy looked at Troy, "where are the cabins you have been talking about?"
"Right over here," Troy answered, pointing with his hand.
They entered the first cabin and Troy spent the next hour plus taking the two women through that can and the one next to it, explaining the updates that he thought should be done.
They stepped back outside, Nancy was in the lead. They watched as she slowly turned and faced them, one hand cupped around her mouth, her other arm supporting the elbow. Troy and Carol looked at her, waiting for Nancy to speak first.
"I really like what you have thought out and I really like your ideas," she said as she dropped her hands and nodded her head.
"We just need to find someone who can draw up some plans and then someone to do the work," Troy said.
Nancy looked at Troy and shook her head, "don't worry about that. I've worked with a gentleman named Randall on a number of properties over the years. He does great work. I'll give him a call."
Nancy look at Carol and Troy with a satisfied smile, the changes will definitely make the cabins much more enjoyable to stay in. She looked at Carol and Troy who were engaged in conversation and took the opportunity to look at their bodies. She felt the familiar tingle as she looked at Troy's penis. It had been a long time since she had seen one. She felt a bit of moisture build. Part of her wanted to reach out and touch it. She also looked at Carol. She had never seen another woman naked, outside of the showers after PE in high school and of course Vanessa.
Nancy noticed that there was silence and she looked up to see the two of them looking at her, each sporting a smile, "um, well yes. Is there anything else you wanted to show me?" As soon as she said it, she stuttered, "I mean, was there any other cabins that I need to see?"
Troy smiled, sensing she had been caught looking, "no. The rest look the same as these two."
"Okay, well, as I said, I uh, will give Randall a call," Nancy said as she rubbed the front of her legs.
"If you don't need to leave, let me show you around the grounds," Carol suggested.
"I'll let the two of you be. I've got to do some repairs at the lakeside cabins," he turned to Nancy, "I'm glad you came out here. It really is a great place to be and I hope that you come back again," Troy said to Nancy.
"I'm glad I did too," Nancy said, nodding her head and smiling. Carol smiled.
*
Carol and Nancy walked along the path. Nancy was quiet. They had stopped to talk to a couple of people, both male and female, as they walked. With each interaction, Nancy started feeling less and less shy. 'These are normal people having normal conversations' it occurred to her. The came upon the lake and saw a couple sitting on the dock with their feet in the water.
"Carol? Is that you?" said the woman, waving.
Carol waved, "Hi, Diane," waving back.
They watched as the couple got to their feet. Nancy looked at the couple and figured that they were older than she was. Still both of them had obviously kept themselves in shape. She couldn't help herself and looked at the woman's breasts, comparing them to her own, as well as the fur that nestled between her legs. She also looked at the man's penis. Different than her husband or Troy, but still enticing.
"Nancy," Carol said, breaking Nancy's thoughts, "I want you to meet Diane and Larry. These are two of the people that I first met here." Carol looked at the couple, "this is Nancy Gibbons."
Diane's eyes widened and a big smile formed on her face, "you're the owner," she exclaimed.
Nancy replied in a quiet voice, "yes, I am."
Diane stepped up to Nancy and put her hands on Nancy's arms, "I have so wanted to meet you." Diane turned her head to look at Larry for a moment, "Larry and I are so grateful that you bought The Camp so that it could continue on." Diane let go of Nancy's arms but kept the smile, "we were so afraid that when Gerry said he was going to sell it that someone would buy and close it down."
Nancy looked at the couple then Carol and then back to Diane, "no, I have no intention of closing it."
Carol added, "in fact, Troy just showed Nancy the upgrades he was talking about in the cabins."
"And, you're going to?" Diane asked in anticipation.
Nancy nodded her head and smiled, "I am."
Larry extended his hand to Nancy, "I'm so very glad to hear that. My wife and I have been coming here for years. If we could live here, we would."
Nancy looked around a little and replied, "I think I can understand why, and you're not the first ones that have told me that" she stated as she shook his hand.
"It was good to meet you finally," Diane said.
"It was nice meeting the two of you as well," Nancy replied. She watched as the pair returned to the dock.
"Carol, if you don't mind, I need to return home. There's still some things I need to do before tomorrow," Nancy stated.
"No problem, I'm glad you came out."
Nancy looked at her friend, "so am I."
*
Carol returned to The Camp after dropping Nancy off at her house. She went into the house to disrobe and then came back outside. She stood on the porch for a moment when she spotted Troy coming out of one of the cabins. She walked at a brisk pace to where he was.
"Where's Nancy?" Troy asked.
"She wanted to go home," she responded.
"She okay?" he asked with a look of concern.
"Yeah, she is. She'll be fine," Carol said as she leaned in and placed her lips on his. She wrapped her fingers around his penis and gently stroked it. Her heart rate kicked up a notch as she felt it quickly harden in her hand.
Breaking the kiss but keeping her face close to his, "now me, on the other hand, has a problem that only you can fix," she said as she continued stroking his cock.
"Ugh, you do that much longer and you're going to get messy," Troy said as he felt the pressure to release building deep in his groin.
"Can't have that, can we," she said as she lowered herself and took him in her mouth. She didn't see Diane and Larry come around the corner and stop to watch. Nor did she see Diane starting to stroke Larry's erect penis.
"Oh god, Carol," Troy muttered as he let loose jet after jet of cum into Carol's mouth.
Carol licked her lips as she stood and smiled at Troy. Only then did she see Diane. Carol smiled and waved at her. Turning back to Troy, "now let's get you inside and I'll help you wash the grime and sweat off of you and then we can continue. Sound good to you?" Carol asked with a enticing smile.
Without a word, Troy took Carol's hand and led her back to the house. Diane and Larry quickly made their way to their cabin.
*
Nancy closed the front door behind her and leaned against it. Absorbing what she just experienced, she made her way to her bedroom. She opened her closet door and looked at herself in the mirror. She turned up the corners of her mouth and began removing her clothes. 'Carol's right', she thought, 'you get used to not having clothes on and it feels good'.
She went to the kitchen, grabbing a towel along the way, and got something cold to drink and went to the back door. She carefully looked around. Though she had lived there for a number of years, she never really stopped to look to see if anyone could see in her yard; there wasn't a real need to be concerned.
Satisfied that no one could watch, she stepped outside and placed the towel on one of the chairs. She sat down and put her feet up. She set the drink down on a table next to her and began to take a physical assessment of herself. She thought about the people she met and just how friendly they were. They were actually some of the nicer people she's interacted with lately. She smiled to herself, proud that she actually went through with it. She knew that she was going back.
Without thinking, she started touching her breasts and mentally compared hers to Carol's and Diane's. Her hands ventured further down and delved into her pubic hair. She spread her legs apart a little and slipped a finger between her labia. She could some residual moisture that had formed when she last saw Troy and his glorious penis.
She tilted her head back as she started to stroke herself, rubbing her clitoris with her fingers. She imagined Troy's tongue there instead. She used her other hand to massage a breast. Moving her fingers down to her vagina periodically, she could feel herself getter wetter and wetter. It felt good. Her other hand would gently rub the nipple and pinch it now and then.
Nancy become lost in the electrifying sensations starting at her clit and radiating throughout her body. She arched her back just a little as she peaked. "Ohhhhh Troy," she cried out quietly. It was the strongest orgasm she had experienced in a long time.
She did not see the smiling face of her daughter standing at the screen door.
After several minutes, Nancy used the towel to wipe up the excess juices from her slit and off her fingers. She smiled, took a drink, and tilted her head back, falling into a light sleep.
Vanessa went back to her room and undressed and lay on her bed thinking how far her mother had traveled since she first acquired The Camp. She was surprised as well as proud of her mom. She waited in her room for a while so that her mother didn't have to know that she had been seen. At least not just yet. She saw that her mother had dozed off and she quietly opened the door and stepped out onto the patio. There was plenty of shade so she didn't have to worry about her mom getting nasty sunburns.
Nancy woke up and gave Vanessa a startled look, "I didn't know you were home."
"Just got here," Vanessa replied. "I'm guessing you had a good day today?"
Nancy looked at Vanessa and smiled, "I did."
"Well, how did it go?" Vanessa asked, eager to hear how she handled the environment.
"Pretty good. Troy's got some good ideas. He showed me what he envisioned and he's right, the cabins have a horrible 70's look to them and really need to be upgraded."
"And...," Vanessa prodded.
"And, what? That's why I went out there."
Vanessa let out a big breath of exasperation, "were you naked or not?"
Nancy tried to give a look of 'what are you thinking', "well of course I was. It is a nudist camp isn't it?"
Vanessa looked at her mom and Nancy finally broke into a smile, "I was scared as hell at first."
"So was I. But?"
"But after a while I didn't notice it as much and it felt really nice."
"I kinda figured that you did, otherwise I'm guessing you wouldn't be sitting here like this."
Nancy looked down her torso and then back to Vanessa, "no, probably not. Truth be told, I got home and I was going to stay dressed. But when I got home the clothes felt, I don't know, confining I guess is the best way to describe it."
"See what I mean?"
"I think I do."
"So, are you going back?"
"I was planning on going Saturday. You want to go with me?"
*
Carol stepped into Nancy's office and closed the door behind her, "So, girlfriend, how are you feeling? About yesterday, I mean." She set a mug of coffee on the desk in front of Nancy and sat down, taking a slurp out of her own mug.
"It was good, Carol, it really was."
Carol broke into a big smile, "I am so glad. Now you understand why I'm out there all of the time."
Nancy looked at her coffee for a moment before looking back up, "I do. That and you and Troy getting together."
Carol's faced dropped, "how did you find out?" Carol was now a bit fearful of the impact this would have on their friendship and her ability to continue working for Nancy.
"Oh, just the way he looks at you and the little touches he makes."
Carol held her mug with both hands and looked at it, "oh."
"You didn't think I didn't see you stroke his, well him?"
Carol just looked at Nancy, unable to find the words to respond.
Nancy supported her chin with both her hands and let out a breath, "lord knows I wouldn't have minded seeing what it felt like."
Now Carol was surprised. Not only did her friend and boss finally experience nudism and like it, she admitted a physical attraction to Troy.
*
Vanessa and Troy laying in each other's arms on his bed at The Camp on Friday night. There was the feeling of bliss often found just after a passionate love-making session.
Vanessa was laying on her side, her head resting on his shoulder and a leg draped over his. She looked at his flaccid pens as she was caressed with her hand, feeling the combination of theirs fluids drying.
"I love you, Troy," she said quietly without looking up. It was as strong a feeling as she ever felt for anyone before.
Troy had his arm wrapped around her, his hand resting on her shoulder. "I love you, too," he replied as he stroked her skin and gave her a kiss on the top of her head.
"What did you think of my mom?"
"What do you mean?"
Vanessa turned her head to look at him. She smiled a little, "actually coming here and actually getting naked."
"Well," Troy thought, taking a breath, "I really never expected to actually work up enough nerve. I was sure that we'd never see her here."
"Me too," Vanessa said as she turned her head back and looked at his penis.
"You think she looks nice?"
"Nice?" Troy coughed, "she looks fantastic," Troy exclaimed.
"Would you want to have sex with her?" She asked.
"No, I mean she's your mom."
"If she wasn't my mom. Do you think she's attractive enough that you would?"
"Well, yeah. What guy wouldn't?"
Vanessa was silent as a thought formed in her mind. She knew her mom spent a lot of time either at work or with busy work at home. She hadn't dated that she knew of and to the best of her knowledge, it had since before her dad died that she slept with a man.
"Would you do me a favor?"
"Of course," Troy answered.
"Would you seduce my mother?" Vanessa turned and looked at Troy after she asked the question.
"What?" Troy wasn't sure he heard her right.
"You said she looks fantastic. Would you want to have sex with her?"
"Vanessa?"
"Just answer the question," she implored her lover.
"Well, yeah I guess."
"You guess?"
"I mean, she is gorgeous and yeah I wouldn't mind spending time in bed with her. But..."
"But what?" Vanessa interrupted, rolling over onto her stomach.
"But, well, first of all there's us."
"Yes, there's us. But, you have sex with Carol."
"Yes, but you said to."
Vanessa reached down and tugged his penis a little, "like you objected," she said and laughed.
"True. But, well, she's your mom."
"So?"
"So, I mean, uh, um."
"Troy, I love you very much."
"I love you too."
"And I love my mom. She hasn't been with anyone since dad and I know she not only misses him but I know she misses sex too."
"How do you know?" Troy inquired, furrowing his brows a little.
"When I got home the other night I found mom on the back patio. Naked."
"Okay?"
"Well she had both hands on her pussy getting herself off," Vanessa said. She smiled a little as she felt his penis respond.
"Uh, okay," Troy said taking a breath.
"And she was calling out your name," Vanessa said, forming a little bit of a smile.
"Me?"
Vanessa nodded her head and smiled even more.
Troy laid his head back down and thought about seeing Nancy. She was beautiful and he did find her very appealing. He felt his cock harden even more and felt Vanessa running her hand up and down the shaft.
"So, would you seduce my mother? I know at least the little head wants to. Does the big head?"
"You really want me to?"
Vanessa smiled and nodded her head.
"Does your mom know about this?"
Vanessa shook her head, "nope. I don't she'll object however."
Vanessa felt her tunnel become very moist over the course of the conversation. She thought it was very arousing to think of Troy and her mother together. She didn't say a word as she moved to straddle his waist, took his cock and guided it to her entrance. She sighed as she slowly sank down on it, feeling it fill her.
*
Vanessa got up, wishing that she could have stayed with Troy overnight. But she promised her mom that she would go with her back to The Camp this morning. She entered the kitchen and was glad to see that her mom was standing at the stove, wearing an apron, making something for breakfast. She was especially glad to see that she wasn't wearing anything beneath the apron.
"Morning, mom," she said as she stepped up and wrapped her arm around her mothers shoulder. "What's for breakfast? Ooh, looks like pancakes."
Nancy made up two plates of food and took off her apron, setting it on the counter. She picked up the plates and started for the table.
"Ooh," Vanessa said as she saw her mother without the apron, setting the plates on the table, "it looks like you done a little trimming," she finished with a smile, looking up.
Nancy ran her fingers through the top of her pubic hair, "yeah, I thought I'd make it a little neater looking."
"Looks very attractive, mom," Vanessa smiled and looked back down. She didn't know if it was intentional or not, but Nancy's labia was now peeking out from the fur where it had been obscured before.
Mother and daughter sat at opposite ends of the dining table eating. Vanessa looked at her mom and smiled, "thank you for breakfast." She also smiled inwardly as it was strange, but good, to see her mother eating a meal at the table naked.
"You're welcome, dear," Nancy replied, looking at her daughters exposed breasts. She liked the feeling of being free from clothes and was looking forward to going to The Camp. It wasn't near as bad as she had feared. She still felt a little self-conscious. She had encountered a few people on her last visit, some stopped to say hi and chat and some just said hi as they passed by. When she thought back on it, those encounters were identical to ones she would have at work on or the sidewalk. The only difference was the clothing or the lack thereof.
She wouldn't admit it out loud to anyone, but she did get a certain thrill out of seeing Troy in the buff. She so wanted to fondle him, but figured that being nude in a social setting like that was still not the proper place to have any kind of sexual contact.
They pulled up to the main house of The Camp an hour later. They didn't see Carol's car nor did they see the Gator. They went inside and left their clothes in the guest bedroom. Nancy watched while Vanessa used her fingers to fluff out her pubic hair.
Vanessa saw her mother watching, "it gets all flattened down when I wear panties."
Nancy waited a second until Vanessa started to leave the room when she reached down and did the same to her bush.
The pair stepped out on the porch and looked around, "Troy said he was going to be out at the lake. I'm going to see if I can find him. Wanna come?"
Nancy shook her head, "no, you go ahead. I'm going to take another look at the cabins and maybe
wander around a little bit."
"Okay," Vanessa said and left in the direction of the lake.
Nancy started walking slowly towards the cabins. She once again felt the sun shining on parts of her that would have otherwise never been exposed. She was able to enjoy the feeling much more this time than the last. She also noticed the breaths of air that caressed her skin.
"Hello, Nancy."
Nancy looked up from the ground to see Diane approaching. "Diane, isn't it?"
"It is. Beautiful day out isn't it?" Diane said looking up at the sky and around a little before returning her attention back to Nancy.
"It is. We're lucky. It's been like this several days in a row."
"I'm glad to see you came back. We weren't sure you would."
Nancy cocked her head a little, "I wasn't sure myself at first."
"We pretty much knew that you hadn't been exposed to this type of environment before. And, you know, not everyone who tries it likes it."
Nancy nodded her head, "I have to admit, it's not like I envisioned."
Diane chuckled, "that's a common perception." Diane reached down and just touched the top of Nancy's pubic triangle, "I like what you did, it looks very, very, nice."
Nancy was a little taken aback at first, feeling that in was inappropriate for Diane to be touching her like that. But then she realized she liked that someone approved of her trimming and there was a certain eroticism behind having someone touch her there.
"Thank you," Nancy said, her breath a little short.
"Well, I best let you be, you probably have things to do," Diane said as she withdrew her hand and quickly touched the bottom of her breasts and then back down again.
"It was good seeing you," Nancy said with genuine note ne in her voice.
Nancy went to the cabins that she and Troy examined earlier and reaffirmed the work that he wanted to do. It certainly would make them more appealing and comfortable. She had run into a couple of people, including her own daughter, that expressed the feeling that they wish they could live here. She looked around the inside of the cabin, 'well it certainly wouldn't do as a permanent place to live in. But it would be comfortable for a vacation spot.'
She left the cabin and walked behind them, locating the pathway that lead to the lake and beyond. She stopped when she reached where the dock met the shore. Looking at the far shore, she thought that the cabins on the shore were ideal and wondered if it was possible to put up another one or two. Scanning the shoreline, she also that thought about some kind of platform that would extend out over the water and have a cover to it as well. With maybe a bench or some chairs.
She went out onto the end of the dock and slipped off her sandals. She sat on the edge and dangled her feet in the water. It felt so good that she slipped into the water and swam for a little bit. The feeling of the water sliding over her exposed skin was yet another sensation she hadn't felt before. She knew that swimming would never be the same again.
She hoisted herself back on the edge of the dock and sat. She looked off to the other side and watched as a couple exited one of the cabins and embrace. She smiled as it was apparent that they loved each other. She was a little surprised as she reached down and put her hand around the man's growing penis. She continued to watch as he bent over and took one of her nipples into his mouth. She squirmed on the platform as she felt a warmth build between her legs. She smiled again as the woman pushed herself away, laughed, took him by the hand and headed off the pathway. She watched until they disappeared amongst the trees. She knew she should have been offended by the open display she just witnessed, but she found it a bit arousing.
She was lost in her thoughts and didn't hear the Gator approach. In fact, she didn't even Troy come up behind her.
He noticed her wet hair and asked "doesn't it feel nice swimming?"
She turned and smiled, her eyes immediately looking at his penis before she looked up, "yes, it is."
Troy felt blood beginning to flow into his penis, "mind some company?"
Nancy took a short breath as she saw Troy's cock jump just a little, "no, not at all."
She looked back onto the lake as he sat down. She could feel her insides tremble a little and a tingle between her legs. She needed to stop it.
"How are you doing so far?" Troy asked, not looking at his boss.
Trying to control her heartbeat a little, "I'm doing good."
"I'm glad you finally decided to give it a try."
She looked at him and smiled, "so am I."
He turned a little so that he was facing her a little more, "you are a very beautiful woman, you know."
Nancy shook her head and looked out over the water, "oh, I don't know about that."
"Hasn't anyone one told you that before?"
She looked at him and chuckled, "not in a very long time."
Troy didn't hide the fact that he looked down at her breasts, "well, someone should have."
Nancy didn't say anything as she looked at his face. It had been a long time since a man had shown any interest in her.
"May I?" Troy asked.
"Uh?" Nancy replied, realizing that he asked a question.
She looked to see his out reaching towards her, "may I?" he repeated.
In a very quiet voice, "I guess." Her heart kicked up several notches and she could feel her nipples stiffened as his hand made contact. Her mind started racing, 'this is so wrong. I need to stop this.' But she didn't move, it felt too nice. She closed her eyes as he continued to caress her breast. Her breathing got deeper and once again, she thought to herself, 'I have to stop him, this isn't right. Oh god, it feels so good."
She savored the feeling of his hand on her as it went from one breast to another. Soon the feeling was replaced with a warm and moist feeling. She could feel her nipple being sucked into his mouth and his tongue playing with it. She let out a small groan. It wasn't very loud, but loud enough for Troy to hear.
She sat still and kept her eyes closed, awash in the glow that was building. Then she felt a hand touch her upper thigh. Without even thinking, she parted her legs just a little. Her conflicted mind told her that she should clamp her legs shut and end this. The other part of her wanted him to touch to see how wet she had become. Within a few moments, her later desire came true. Her groan was a little louder this time.
"We can't," she uttered.
"Why not?" Troy asked, returning his mouth to her breast.
"Well, not out here. Someone will see us," she replied.
Troy moved his hand and mouth away. She wanted them both back where they were. She looked up to see his penis fully erect. She knew then that she wanted him.
"Follow me," he said as he extended her hand and smiled.
They walked up the dock to the Gator where he grabbed a blanket and led her up the trail a little ways. She kept looking down at his erection. He led her through some trees to a small clearing and laid out the blanket. Troy eased Nancy down to the blanket. He lowered his knees between her legs, forcing them apart just a little. He leaned over and put his hands on either side of her shoulders and leaned down and kissed her. He broke the kiss and smiled. He moved lower and spent time making sure her nipples were fully erect. He left a trail of soft kisses on her stomach as he made his was lower. He slowed when his chin rubbed up against her pubic hair. He looked up at her to see her head tilted back. He smiled as he moved his head down, and used his lips and tongue to touch the fold between her labia and her let. He moved his mouth, allowing his tongue to slip into the top of her slit.
Nancy felt his tongue reach her clitoris and she widened her legs further apart. She lost awareness of where she was. She could only think about the orgasm that was beginning to build; the first orgasm that she didn't cause herself in a very long time.
After Troy worked his magic to back to back orgasms, she looked at him through glassy eyes and returned his kiss. Her eyes closed again as she felt him enter her. Troy discovered that she was well lubricated as he slipped into her with ease. Ever since he first met Nancy, he had not only envisioned her nude, he had fantasies about having sex with her. Now he was. He felt her hands and the sides of his hips and noticed that she raised her hips to meet his.
"Oh, Troy," she uttered as he sped up just a little.
She opened her eyes and smiled, "come for me, hon, I want to feel you come inside me." She raised her legs, allowing him to drive just little deeper into her. Soon he could feel his toes begin to tingle and the familiar sensation of the fluids inside begin to build pressure. He arched his back as he drove his cock into her as far as he could. With each stream that he ejected, he pushed into her again. She was tight enough that her vagina caressed the head of his now sensitive penis that he shuddered with each movement.
He looked at Nancy, sweat had formed between her breasts, causing her skin to glisten in the spots of sunlight that hit her. Her hair was splayed out on the blanket beneath and a wide smile adorned her face.
She reached up and touched the side of his face, "that was wonderful."
He leaned down and kissed her and then rolled off to the side so his weight wouldn't crush her. But he rolled her with him so that his wilting cock remained encased in her vagina.
They lay there for several minutes in the afterglow. They kissed and touched each other as his cock slipped out of her and flopped against his leg. She felt their combined fluid ooze out of her and onto her leg. She found a certain sexiness in that. She reached down and started stroking the organ that just came out of her but gave her intense pleasure. She was surprised to feel in harden again while in her grasp. She rolled Troy onto his back and placed the now hard cock at her entrance. She looked at him as she slowly pushed down, feeling it fill her once again.
Troy liked this position the best as he knew it was the best chance for a mutual orgasm. Nancy didn't disappoint as she not only rode him up and down, but back and forth as well. It took a little longer this time and the orgasms were not quite simultaneous, but close.
"We're a mess," Nancy said with a laugh. They were both covered in sweat as well as her legs and crotch covered with combined cum. His cock had deflated and had become crusty as the cum dried.
"We can wash off in the lake," he said as he stood, smiling and holding out his hand to lift her up. He didn't let go of her hand and he bent over and scooped up the towel. He dropped the blanket off on the back of the Gator and they made their way to the end of the dock. They dived in and came back up sputtering water next to each other.
Troy started running his hands all over her body, "want to make sure that you're as clean as can be without the benefit of having soap."
"Oh, you do, do you," she laughed as she felt his hands 'clean' her breasts. She moved her legs apart as his hands reached her groin. She let out a soft moan as his fingers entered her slit and ran its length from her clit to her vagina. She jumped a little as his finger ran over her anus.
She returned the favor, making especially sure that his cock and balls were no longer crusty. She let go as she felt it begin to harden. She wrapped her arms around his neck and kissed him with deep passion. Troy wrapped his arms around her waist.
"I hope Vanessa doesn't get too angry when she finds out."
Troy smiled, "I wouldn't worry about that too much."
"Why not?" she asked, cocking her head just a little.
"Your daughter loves you and cares a lot about you."
"Yes, she does."
"It was her idea, not that I had any objection."
"Vanessa's?"
"Besides, there's no way that I would ever have sex with a woman without her knowledge. I love and respect her too much for that."
Nancy smiled, it was nice to know that this man wouldn't hurt her daughter.
"So," Troy smiled and brought her closer, her breasts crushed up against his chest, and his semi-erect penis rubbing against her pussy, "perhaps the next time should be on my bed. It'll be a little comfortable. That is, if you would like for there to be a next time."
Nancy could feel an excitement inside and a feeling of happiness. She showed that in a smile, "I would like that," she said quietly.
*
Nancy sat at the end of the dock, the same place she sat just an hour or so ago. Troy needed to work on some landscaping around the cabins. She begged off of his invitation to join him. She wasn't sure how much work he'd get done if she went with him. Besides, she needed some time to mull over the last week.
First there was the experimentation with nudity at home alone, then with her daughter. This was followed by her first public exposure to nudism. And now she just had sex with one of her employees and her daughter's boyfriend. That her daughter arranged, no less.
Despite all of her fears and hesitations, she found that she enjoyed the freedom and feeling that not wearing clothes gave her. She found that she was never judged by anyone and that everyone she had encountered so far had been very friendly. She also thought about the sex. She was surprised that she gave in to his advances so easily. But then she thought about the other night, envisioning him making love to her. She smiled as she recalled having sex with Troy, in the great outdoors. She had never experienced sex outside of the bedroom. She knew that she wanted to be with him again. She shook her head as she thought about Vanessa giving him the green light.
"Hi, mom."
Nancy's thoughts were broken by the sound of her daughter's voice. She turned to see her standing there. Her gaze wandered over her body and smiled, nudism had brought them closer.
"Hi, sweetheart."
"Can I join you?" Vanessa asked, wanting to make sure it was okay first.
"Of course," she replied, patting the spot next to her, "sit."
Silence ensued as neither had the words to start. It was Vanessa who started with a simple "I love you, mom."
Nancy turned and tears started to form in the corner of her eyes, "I love you too," she said as she smiled.
They just looked at each other. Words were not needed, volumes were already being spoken.