I needed some work done at my house that I didn't have time to do. One of the young Contractors I had given a lot of work to and was not very busy at the time asked if I had anything to keep him busy for a few days until his next job started. I told him about the front porch that had to be removed and taken away.
He asked me, "How much would you want to pay for the work?"
I told him, "My wife had four hundred dollars put aside for the job."
I knew it was at least a thousand dollar job. "I told him it was a lot less than it was worth, but that is what my wife has saved as of now."
He told me, "Yes, it is worth more, but you have given me a lot of work in the past few years, so I will do the work for the four hundred dollars."
I said, "You're a great friend and if there was anything more I could do for you just ask and I would see what I can do."
The young contractor acquired a funny look on his face, one that showed he couldn't decide if he should tell me what was on his mind.
Finally he said. "If you really mean that about doing anything for me could you make arrangement to let me see your wife naked? I think she was very sexy, when I saw her on the job, when I was working for you."
The young contractor figuring he overstepped his bounds said. "I was only kidding."
To his relief I said. "I will see what I can do."
He was overjoyed that I didn't attack him for his comment.
The wheels in my head started to turn, as I like the CMNF (Clothed Male Naked Female) scenario, so I had to figure how to get my modest, shy wife to go along with this even though she models nude this would be a big challenge for her to overcome.
My opening came that night when she asked me about the price the young contractor was going to charge. I told her thousand dollars for the job (this was a little white lie, OK a big fat lie). She looked upset as she said she only had four hundred dollars to do the work. I then told her that he would do the job for four hundred dollars, but she would have to be nude during the day when he was working also he wanted to visually and manually examine her each day he was on our job, which would be four or five days.
During supper she kept saying to me. "Why would a nice looking guy that was younger than our son want to see me nude?"
I told her, "I didn't know other than he thinks you're really sexy."
The rest of the supper was quiet and I helped clean up the kitchen, when she sort of whispered to me "I'll do it."
Interrupting my thoughts, "I said what are you talking about?"
My wife said, "I will let the young contractor see me nude."
This started my wheels working as to what I would actually want her to do for him. I said, "You sure you want to do this, as there will be a very specific way that he would want you displayed to him, and you will have to follow it."
She said, "Is he going to have intercourse with me?
I said, "No he only wants to have a CMNF display of you."
She went on to say, "Then I will do whatever he wants, so that I can get the porch out of the way and cleaned up."
The following week the young Contractor showed up, my wife was out doing errands when he arrived she came back just before lunch time as I told her she would need to make lunch for us.
I asked her, "Are you ready for your CMNF display."
My wife said, "Yes, after I put away the groceries."
My wife came into my office in our family room and asked. "What do you want for lunch?"
I told her, "Sandwiches."
She went back up to the kitchen and prepared them, coming down to tell me. "Everything is ready do you want me to get the contractor?"
I told her, "Not yet, you have to get ready first."
It didn't register with her at first what I meant.
I could see the light bulb go on in her head then she turned red, she stammered. "I thought we were going to do this in the afternoon?"
"Well it is afternoon" I said "You will have to be naked for the rest of the afternoon and serve us naked as well also the following days you will be nude all day long while he is working."
She came down to my office with a scared look on her ashen white face. Her eyes had tears in them, as I helped her down the stairs, and then told her. "Remove all your clothes."
My wife told me. "I don't think I can do this?" Even though she had modeled for artists this was different.
Looking at her pitiful expression and the tears I almost said that she didn't have to do this if she did not want to, but I wanted to see this and I knew that once she is nude she would eventually be comfortable in her nudity around the young contractor.
I went to her and started to remove her top over her head as she half protested this act, but lifted her arms to get the top off. She took the top and folded it as I was unbuttoning her pants and slipping them down her legs. Holding onto me she stepped out of her pants and I gave them to her to fold and put with her top.
As she was folding the pants she says. "This is good enough I am in my bra and panties now. Please let me keep them on!"
My reply to that was to ask her. "What are you going to remove next your bra or panties?"
She saw the look on my face and knew she was not going to win this argument, so pulling the straps of her bra down her arms and off she turned her bra around and unclasped it from her body and put it with the rest of her clothes. Looking at me with a defeated look she skimmed her panties down her legs and off placing them with her other clothes.
I had my wife go to the front window and tell the young contractor that lunch was ready, and then I had her kneel on the carpet just inside the living room with her bottom facing toward the back door. She was protesting the position I had her assume, with her head on the carpet and her legs spread. The first thing the young contractor would see is my wife rectal opening and her vaginal opening that was by the way opened and engorged as she was really turned on by this exposure.
The young contractor walked into the mud room and started to talk with me but stopped in mid-sentence when he saw my lovely wife with the flower of life exposed to his view.
He walked to her and took in her beauty, then asking if he could touch her. I told him to wash his hands good and gave him some exam gloves to use.
After thoroughly washing his hands he donned the exam gloves and spread my wife's rectal opening with his fingers, and inserted a few fingers, when he was done he removed the gloves and donned another pair, so he could explore my wife's vaginal area. He had her get up and sits on the couch spreading her legs for him. The young contractor gave my wife a few orgasms, with his manual ministrations of her flower of life. After what seemed to my wife an hour, but in reality only about 20 minutes the young contractor told her she could get up and he played with her breast for a few minutes before he said he was hungry and needed to go back to work.
We eat the prepared food while talking with my wife she acted as she was clothed she was so comfortable with her nudity by this time and she was acting as though it was the most common practice of being nude while the guys were dressed. She cleaned up and remained nude for the rest of the day even after the young contractor left for the day.
She was very excited, and we spent the night in bed. My wife telling me that at first she was humiliated being naked in front of a stranger, not because she was naked in front of the young contractor, but because she was so wet with the thought of her exposure to a stranger. She found that she enjoyed this CMNF concept though and wanted to do it again.
The following day it was a different story with my wife taking a shower and remaining nude. She answered the door in the altogether, where the young contractor took time to give my wife a breast exam and a bimanual exam of her vagina before he went to work. She went to the front window to tell him she had coffee for him and they drank it together. After the coffee break he cleaned his hands and gave her another exam this time causing her to orgasm for him four times.
Lunch was the same way along with just before he left he examined her thoroughly again. After her first display my wife now is displayed once every month or two and we have a few friends come over to our house to have a CMNF display of my wife when the mood strikes either of us.
It is surprising that my wife is usually the one that states that she wants to be displayed and I immediately start calling our friends to see who is available and when. My wife is not a slut, but enjoys being the center of attention and safely being displayed to appreciative men. If you meet her you will think she is very shy. This goes to show you that if you approach everything in the proper way you will get what you want and give pleasure to other people in the process.