Copyright PennameWombat January 2019
The author asserts the moral right to be identified as the author of this work.
This is a work of fiction. Names, characters, businesses, places, events, locales, and incidents are either the products of the author's imagination or used in a fictitious manner. Any resemblance to actual persons, living or dead, or actual events is purely coincidental.
This is part 3, see part 1 in "Mel's Phone Call" in 'Exhibitionist & Voyeur Stories' and part 2 in "Mel's Phone Call Pt. 02" also in 'Exhibitionist & Voyeur Stories.'
Tags: 18-year-old, Anal Sex, College, Cunnilingus, Exhibitionist, Fellatio, Outdoor Sex, Public Sex, Swallowing, Vibrator
*****




Mel was sitting on a couch, reading through a course catalogue with a copy of the local Tribune newspaper next to her when Chris arrived in the Crimson Room after work on Thursday. It was an all purpose room on the top floor of the Student Union building and easy for her to find as her orientation sessions were in the large ballrooms on the same floor when they weren't on campus tours. During the school year it was a usually-busy open study or meeting room holding about 50 people at tables and on a few couches, many evenings it was used for low-key musical or poetry performances. But now it was almost empty with just a couple of other people reading.
Even though she'd spent much of their time together with clothing much more revealing than her near knee-length black shorts and a sheer crimson blouse over a tight but opaque black camisole, he'd been forced to admit the color combination hit him deep in his brain. And crotch.
She looked up and smiled broadly to up the amperage a bit more as he walked over to her and leaned over so they could kiss softly then he sat down, took a slow breath and blinked twice.
"How'd the day go?"
"Good. Been getting info about the different majors and all that. Working out classes," she said as she jiggled the catalogue and nudged her breast against his elbow.
"You can ask me but I don't know about everything offered," he pressed his elbow a bit, "but I might know someone who knows."
"I'll show it to you tonight," she said, "that way I can figure out some questions to ask tomorrow before it finishes. I don't have to sign up yet but if I know there are classes I definitely want I can sign up for those."
"Some of the freshman classes fill up," Chris said, "so sign up soon as you're sure. Unless it's funky astrophysics. Those you could probably just show up and they'd welcome you in."
"On that note," she held up the paper, "that meteorite hit in between Sulfur and Denio, northern Nevada. Know where that is? The army's also closed off access, claiming it was heavily radioactive, no one too close but big dust cloud kicked up. Must be a big hole."
"That was luck then," he said, "the 'middle of nowhere' describes that area as 'the real middle of nowhere.' I can show it to you on a road map."
"Yeah," she said slowly and paused then shifted and stuffed her papers into her pack, "so where are we going?"
"We have two more shots to take somewhere around here, then the lab's in the Fine Arts building, not far walk. Ah, I have an idea. Did you see the balconies?"
"Oh, yeah. Nice view earlier."
They walked over and she stood along the railing and Chris stood on a chair to get a wide view of the campus behind her stretching out to show the Valley floor beyond. The campus was green and warm, winter would be different but Chris figured her being from North Dakota she wouldn't be phased.
"One more," Chris said.
"Is there a sign or something of the Uni logo, a big 'U'? Thought I saw one."
"Yeah, down in the main lobby. Appropriately it's about the same red as your blouse. If you took your cami off your nipples would match too," Chris said in what he thought was a joking tone as they were walking toward the stairs.
"Ok, wait here," she said as she ducked into the nearby restroom.
"Um, I was just kidding..." he started but she was already through the door.
She came out and indeed had removed her cami and redone her blouse. The shade of red of the shirt made her nipples not totally obvious unless one looked closely. Subtle enough.
On the first floor the middle-aged receptionist was collecting her purse and talking softly to another woman as they prepared to leave, a few people were in a far hallway and walking away. None paid any attention to the shaggy brown haired young man in denim shorts posing the even shaggier black haired young woman with a shirt whose color matched the logo painted on the wall.
"Can you get us both?"
"Um, yeah," Chris moved a chair and set the camera on the back, bent over to fine tune the aim and set the timer. He pushed the shutter button and trotted to put his right arm around Mel's shoulder, her left arm around his waist, the 'U' at her right shoulder.
"That's a wrap," Chris said as the camera's auto-rewind did its job. After he switched in a new roll she took his hand as he led them outside and to the Fine Arts building, past an open door to a darkened auditorium and up to the second level darkrooms.
"How many prints," he asked her as a quick scan with a magnifying glass through the developed negatives showed quite the record of the week so far, "of each?"
"Well, all of them. Make three copies, we keep one set."
"Who gets the other two?"
"Shelly gets all of them. I'll send mom the ones I'm mostly decent, I'll include the first one we took up the mountain so she can meet you, sorta, and this last one. They'll know I'm being well taken care of."
"I thought you hadn't told your mom about me," Chris said slowly as he set up the printer and made triple color 5x8 copies of each. The tourist photos would show off the area but the more intimate photos would give a rather different feel.
"I'll give her some warning. She'd love this one. Geez, that's a lotta cum," she chided the other participant as the photo with her face and hair covered in masses of white jism was printed, "how did you manage that? Shelly will be jealous."
"I was quite inspired," Chris answered as he couldn't think of anything else to say as he cupped her cloth-covered breasts and stood behind her, "there's a post office here on campus, if you have time you could pack these up and send them tomorrow. You might want to, um, make sure they're packed quite well. If that doesn't work we're going downtown on Saturday and could use the post office there."
"Show it to me," she rubbed his crotch as they scanned the prints, "and about downtown, I need to get a couple of things for Monday. I don't have any stockings or panty hose with me, just those insipid grey tights. I should look the part. Might want some shoes too."
"You look really, really good in that blue getup, too bad no pictures with that beige skirt and tank you had the first night," he said, holding up the picture of her posed on the old truck. Her squatting position highlighted the muscles in her legs which made them quite spectacular, Chris's aim with the camera successfully not allowing a clear view of her uncovered pussy.
"I noticed you liked those. But probably not a good choices for Monday. But can you make an 8x12 of this one so my mom can frame it since you did such a good job hiding my best feature?"
"Probably right about that," he said as set up for the enlargement, added it to his tote sheet for the lab manager to work out his bill later, then they packed the pictures into her backpack, "and don't worry plenty of shopping choices on Saturday."
He pointed out the post office in the bookstore which was in sight of the Union building as they walked to the car. The film had taken a couple of hours so they decided to get dinner and go over her course thoughts.




Chris pulled into the parking lot behind the house Friday afternoon about 4:30 and noticed Tim's spot was empty. As he walked around the car he saw a few people talking and there were some fleeting glances his way from near the apartment building then he looked up and saw Mel standing in his room, the curtains open, wearing her robe. Which she removed and tossed aside.
She mouthed something, he thought it might have been "interested?" He made it up the stairs three at a time and found her on the bed on her back.
"We need to be at the Rec Center at 6:00, right," she said as he stripped off his clothes once he'd pushed the door closed and walked around the bed, "care for a quickie?"
He was already almost fully erect as he bent over to kiss her open mouthed, her hand wrapping around his cock. As he crawled onto the bed and pushed his hand over her trimmed pubic hair and found her already wet, he broke the kiss, adjusted himself and noticed the bookcase headboard was open and the vibrator appeared damp.
"I might've warmed myself up a bit," she said, her contralto even deeper than usual, "but now that you're here the rest is up to you."
He kissed down her neck, finding first one nipple then the other, to suck into his mouth and work with his tongue, his fingers entering her moist pussy. He kissed down her firm abs then skipped to her already erect clit as rubbed her g-spot at the same time. When her breathing got choppy he removed his fingers and pushed himself up her body to lock his mouth onto her and simultaneously pushing his prick quickly and deeply into her cunt. Both of them grunted into each other's mouths as their tongues pressed against each other while he pumped himself quickly in and out of her body.
He felt her arch her back and she nearly bit his tongue as she came, his cock again gripped by her muscles as he drilled her two more times. She nudged his mouth away.
"Show me, I wanna see," she said, her voice a step huskier. He pulled his shaft out of her and straddled her midsection, she grabbed the cock slick with her juices and pumped it, the possible motion he saw in the corner of his eye of only momentary notice then ignored.
"Oh, ah, now," Chris grunted, his cock sprayed a shot of cum onto the gap between her tits. She pulled two more spurts out, smiling broadly, she pulled him and lifted her head to suck in half of his cock before she released him so he could lay down and kiss her.
"We're going to be pretty stinky before we even play," Mel said as they were getting dressed, the poor punished bed sheet used for a quick wipe down, "so who's going to be there anyway?"
"Not sure, it's summer so some of the usual crowd are gone," Chris answered, only now registering the open curtains, "Terence, the guy who called, goes by Terry, and Teresa is his twin sister. Terry has a girlfriend too but she's out of town until August. They're going to be seniors like me, well mostly. Bobby is in town so I assume he'll be there. If Sam, Samantha, is in town she'll be there, she's Teresa's girlfriend."
Mel raised her eyebrow at that. "For real girlfriend or play buddy, like me and Shelly?"
"For real, so far as I can tell. Been pretty inseparable since I introduced them last year."
"What?"
"Full disclosure. Sam just did her first year as a biology grad student, she was looking for a computer lab she needed at the beginning of classes, lost in the building, happened to run into me, I took her to the room. She took my number. Went out a couple of times but something, seemed, not quite there. I took her to Friday night racquetball. And, well, that was that."
"That's," Mel started, then paused a few seconds, then smiled broadly, "wild. You turned her. After her your old woman up and disappeared into thin air. Or into that weedy patch out back. Now the no girlfriend thing makes more sense. I'm doomed."
"Yeah. C'mon, let's go," Chris hefted his gym bag with his racquet and a change of clothes and shoes, Mel had borrowed one of his old gym bags and did the same, using an old racquet Chris had.
"That's Bobby," Chris had said quietly to Mel as they'd approached the crew already gathered near the courts, "don't underestimate him, he lacks stamina a bit carrying that weight but while fresh he's exceptionally quick on the court." He was a high school football player and wrestler who'd added a significant layer of fat over his muscles and was another computer science undergrad like Chris, albeit a couple of years older due to taking a double-length wanderjahr.
Mel talked down her chances as Chris was introducing her, his roster accurate but for the addition of Cheryl, a friend of Sam's. Terry and Teresa were mirror images, save for Terry's not having bothered to shave for a couple of days, the same very light brown beard as the hair both had, likewise both cut short, Teresa's slender but muscular figure, small bust and slim hips doing little to differentiate her from her brother. Terry was about an inch taller, matching him to Chris, with Teresa and Mel matched for height. Sam's long red hair, pulled into a ponytail, was a match to her pale skin and a sharp contrast to Cheryl's black skin and black tightly-curled hair. The latter's features meant she stood out not only on campus but in the broader City, settled primarily as it was from the British Isles and northern Europe, where even Chris's half-Italian heritage sometimes made him stand out.
Chris started a bit when he saw Mel and Sam looking at one another, an appraising mood in each woman's eyes. Mel had a few inches on the older woman but their running bras and snug shorts showed their tits and asses were very much matching, the differing heights at first hiding that fact. The conspiratorial smile each had to the other told Chris they'd figured out the same thing and had already had a deep conversation about him without saying a word. Hopefully he wouldn't survive the evening and he'd not have to worry about the upcoming BBQ.
"I want to play this one," Mel said grabbing Chris's ass cheek, "need to kick his ass in revenge..."
Cheryl said she hadn't played much, so they decided to put her in with Mel and Chris for some cutthroat, while the others would start with mixed doubles. They had two courts for ninety minutes so time to experiment. While Chris was the more experienced player both Mel and Cheryl were fit and fast so he was hard-pressed to eventually win. A few more combinations allowed most everyone to play with and against the others.
"A bra? And, did you actually comb your hair?" Chris asked Mel as they drove back to the house, followed by Terry with the others, to leave the cars there since parking much closer was difficult on a Friday. It also allowed Chris and Mel to drop off their malodorous bags. He'd noticed Mel's post-shower ass-hugging denim shorts and a sleeveless red crop top exposing her solid abs and with a deep scoop neck and oversized arm holes, her matching red pushup bra almost outerwear.
"And panties," Mel said, "can't have my new girlfriends thinking I'm a slut!"
Chris judged that Terry most successfully hid his attentions as they all walked but neither Bobby nor Sam seemed interested in hiding their appreciative glances and Mel had made sure they had opportunities. He wasn't sure Teresa's opinion and Cheryl had begged off saying she was meeting some other people for dinner. Chris now knew Sam had the same chest but her usual loose t-shirt made it less than obvious. Was he THAT attached to a type?
"So Mel said you two met in Guadalajara," Teresa asked Chris, "on that soccer trip of yours?"
"Yup," he answered, "we, um, hit it off well down there."
"Lucky me," Mel said as she swung her hand clasped with Chris's, "found a soccer team from the University I was hoping to attend! And he's been kind enough to show me around. Such a perfect gentleman."
Chris thought the smiles on the other two women's faces meant they saw through that but wasn't sure what Mel had told them in the locker room. They were at the restaurant, with six people Terry had been able to book a table so they made it past the short line and had a round table a bit too small that forced closeness. Bobby nudged Sam out of the way to sit on Mel's side so Sam sat across from her. Mel seemed to find plenty of reasons to lean forward, so that was possibly the better angle anyway.
Like Mel all of them save Chris were originally from other states and except for him and Sam had lived a while in the dorms. The combined wisdom said they were only 'kind of horrible' but part of Mel's orientation had included a tour so she took it in good humour. But when it came to the included weekday breakfasts and dinners she didn't believe their assurances of the incredibly fine dining she'd be enjoying.
"What's everyone doing for the Fourth, I'm on a plane to Virginia for two weeks," Bobby asked by way of statement. He'd been pretty quiet, mostly letting his eyes do the work.
"Our parents coming down," Terry said, "we have relatives in town so we'll all be getting together here."
"California," Sam added, "see the folks."
"I'm going to meet hundreds of this one's relatives," Mel said laughing as she leaned into Chris, "I'll find out so much dirt on him..."
Chris just put his head down on the table to everyone's laughter..
"So," Sam said as they were down to the last few slices, "why do you call this sweet girl of yours a 'demon?' She seems anything but."
Everyone, even Mel, gave him a look that he wasn't getting away with an anodyne answer. He sighed.
"It's a computer science department tradition," Chris started, "the last few years. I knew about the tradition but not how it came about."
That had everyone's eyebrows scrunching a bit. Clearly not what they expected. Then he continued.
"Started a few years ago, there was an undergrad, what, oh, four years ago. He was dating some girl who was really beautiful, totally out of his league," that got him a nudge from Mel, "and he told some friends 'she's my succubus,' you know, a demon who steals men's souls."
"End of this past year, some students were talking D&D in a lab and our TA came in, heard them, told us the succubus tale. The TA's a grad student now, but they were undergrads and played Dungeons and Dragons together. He told them 'we figured out a way around the succubus thing.' My TA also said he met her a couple of times and said 'she was definitely strange but really, really, hot,' one time she brought doughnuts to a seminar and drove everyone crazy. He said he had no doubt she was some sort of demon. Whatever, one day during spring quarter they just, poof, disappeared. His housemates said the two of them were at the house when the housemates left, they came home, his door was open, his car was there, they weren't there. No one's ever seen them again."
"Anyway, that's why when any CS guy gets a girlfriend too good to be true, she's our demon."
"I like that," Mel said, "I'm too good to be true..."
"Holy shit, I remember that! It even made it to the newspapers in Idaho, 'Students Disappear'," said Teresa, then she looked at Terry, who nodded, "we were in high school. We'd planned for a couple of years to come here but it took awhile to convince our parents again after the stories."
"Yeah," said Chris, "he was a local like me from the Valley here, Peter was his name, but not from my high school. The girl, the succubus, um, yeah, Carole, she was from Colorado. Was a sorority girl."
"Yeah, sorority bitch," continued Teresa with a tone indicating sorority bitches were not high on her esteem list, "explains lots. Papers didn't have any of the succubus stuff in them. No surprise."
"Going to pledge, Mel?" Sam asked her.
"A man and woman, Greek council reps, presented at the orientation," Mel answered, "seemed kinda smarmy. Not the kind of greek thing I'm into."
They all sat contemplating the story as Terry worked out the arithmetic to split the bill, Sam's ghost of a smile seemed to be on some other thought though.
Mel slipped her hand under the table and grabbed Chris's cock then put her mouth next to his ear and whispered, "going to give me your soul? Or just this?" Then she kissed his cheek softly.
"Hey," said Sam as everyone hit the sidewalk, "let's get ice cream! It's just there."
"Oh, straight to my ass then," Mel said with a grin, Chris assumed folks would think she meant gaining weight on her perfect ass, but the return of Sam's ghost smile might've meant she knew more. Mel entwined her arm with Chris's, and he noticed Sam did the same with Teresa. They rarely did that in public, it's not paranoia if they are out to get you. Terry and Bobby trailed, Chris assumed so they could stare at Mel's ass as her shorts exposed the bottom swells of her ass cheeks where they met her thighs with each step.
When they got home Tim had a few friends over and they were sitting at the dining room table playing poker and drinking beer.
"My going away game," Tim said to Mel and Chris, then orated to the rest, "I'm out of here Sunday and these two get the place to themselves."
Tim rattled off names and Chris introduced Mel to appreciative glances.
"Want to play?" Tim asked.
"Nah," said Chris, "but mind if we take a couple of beers?"
Tim waved them off so they grabbed a couple of beers and went upstairs, the poker players went silent until the couple were out of sight.
"Need a massage?" Chris asked once they were in his bedroom. He turned on the lamp on the side table as Mel flipped off the room light. The translucent curtains were closed although the heavier outer set was open.
"Thought you'd never ask," Mel said as she was already shedding her shorts followed by her bikini-cut underwear.
"Two nights in a row I've seen you removing panties," Chris mused, "a record."
"As I said, Sam and Teresa know I'm a naive young lady, unfairly labeled a demon and being taken advantage of by a sexually perverted older man. No reason to have them think otherwise. Now, off with those."
He snorted as he doffed his clothes while she finished stripping and sat on the bed with his back to the headboard. She piled the pillows to lay on them and sat with her legs across his to allow him to work on her thighs while she purred and reached to play with his semi-erect cock.
"You really are good at the massages," she said as he felt her muscles relax.
"I'm a man of many talents, some even kind of useful."
This time she didn't prevent him including her clit and pussy in his treatment and her legs went farther apart as she emptied her beer. For the first time he ventured to her feet, her ankle socks present as ever. He felt her toes flex and her breath spike as he first contacted her foot then both settled as he worked first one arch then the other. He worked one last run up her legs, alternating one to the other every few inches, until he reached her crotch again.
As his hands met her moist pussy she turned and gave him a slow, deep kiss, pushing her tongue into his mouth, her hand tugging at his now fully erect cock. Then she lowered her mouth onto that hard shaft and she took it all in and held for two heartbeats.
Then she lifted and dragged him so he shifted to lay flat as she handed him a pillow for his head. She straddled his face and he buried his tongue in her moist slit. She put her elbows on the headboard and pressed in. Chris reached one hand up to massage her nipples and had the other wrapped around her ass to hold her close. He licked the length of her pussy lips and found her prominent clit and blew on it, then used his tongue as he wrapped his lips around it. He let her movements guide him for a bit and he worked his tongue as deep into her gash as he could as she got wetter, then up past her spread lips to find her clit again as she shifted herself down.
He simply sucked her swollen button and tried to breathe through his nose.
"Glad... I liked... your massage... pretty good at this too..." she said between ragged breaths, "eat..."
Her movements got a bit frantic then she stopped as her cum washed over her lover's chin, he swallowed what he could as he froze his mouth on her clit, tongue lightly touching it. She sank her weight and allowed him to nudge her to shift a bit onto his chest as he took a couple of deep breaths. He felt the moisture as she moved her dripping crotch down his torso and and she held his cock as she shifted around until it was aimed and slowly engulfed it into her juicy gash. Mel leaned forward and her demon mouth came down on her victim's in a slow, deep, tongue-lashing kiss.
She was moving her hips slowly and Chris moaned as his cock enjoyed its hot, wet hiding spot. She broke the kiss and raised a bit, "just because you bought me ice cream, I know what you expect," she lifted her cunt and his cock popped free.
She pulled the lube out of the headboard and made the shaft even slicker then aimed it at her asshole and slowly impaled herself, her eyes closing and her mouth opening in a 'O' by degrees as it went deeper. Once it was all the way in she stopped and Chris felt her muscles twitch around it a bit. Then she raised and lowered herself slowly a couple of times as Chris massaged her tits as he worked her nipples with his fingertips.
"Let me get this..." she leaned and reached back into the headboard and retrieved the vibrator that had become hers. Mel lifted herself and Chris felt a sense of loss as his cock popped free, then she flipped herself to lay her sweaty back on his torso. She worked her ass down to have his prick at her entrance, she added a fresh spurt of lube and reinserted his prick past her anal ring.
"Fuck me with your cock and use this on my cunt," she said, her voice once again down an octave, as she balanced her weight on her arms. He reached around and worked the vibrator into her wet slit and onto her still-hungry clit. He kissed the back and sides of her neck as her hair fell all over his face, the minimal aroma he could get of shampoo and sweat driving him forward.
Chris used his strong legs to pump his cock's full length, leaving only the swollen glans inside of her outer ring each stroke then slamming it home, the stream of juice running onto his cock from her overflowing box kept his shaft super slick, his mouth was open to pant as he felt his cock as hard as he'd ever felt it. Mel moaned as she pushed her groin in opposition to draw his cock into her bowels and press her desperate clit against the buzzing vibrator in his hand.
Their breath went ragged, neither bothered to speak with words, their actions saying all they needed.
"Ahh," Chris managed as he shot his load at full penetration into her bowel, he withdrew halfway and pushed again to release more sperm into her. He went still as he stayed fully buried, her arched back keeping her weight just off of him and pressing her clit hard against the vibrator.
"Oh holy fucking shit," she half-screamed as he felt her entire body jerk, her weight knocking his breath out of him as she bounced while her sphincter just about crushed his still buried cock. He felt a spray of her hot cum on his fingertips and across his upper thighs before a new gush covered the root of his cock and his balls. He quickly flipped the vibrator's switch off then dropped it as she pulled both of his arms around her chest and her body went from rigid to flaccid, her breath fast and ragged as she laid her head beside his on his shoulder. They stayed mutually silent for ten, twenty seconds as their breathing slowed.
"Your old woman didn't run away," Mel said softly, a statement not a question, "you fucked her to death and buried her in that weedy patch out back."
"Well, maybe," Chris said, as he kissed her neck softly, neither making any move yet to free his cock from its fleshy lube and cum filled prison.
"Just tell my mother I went happy..." Mel said quietly as she pulled his arms more tightly around her.




Chris dialed a number on a pay phone at the downtown shopping mall they were wandering through. She'd said she wanted to meet Frank, his oldest friend and the one who'd laughed at his confession slash brag about his evening with Mel and Shelly. She was wearing the beige mini from the first evening but also had underwear on, 'because I might need to try clothes on' was her excuse, along with a snug and moderately deeply round necked t-shirt and a blue pushup bra. Her last comment on the underwear was after the previous night's near death experience she needed to keep him away from her butthole for a few days. It also meant that the looks she received for her unusually daring choice of skirt length didn't get them any more attention than it already did in the malls.
"So your idea," he said sotto voce as he caught up to her in the mall, "is to make me ignore your ass by flashing your ass at me..."
From what Chris could tell the underwear and her tiny skirt just meant she found more reasons to bend over when he was behind her. She also tended to lean forward a bit on the escalators, 'make a few wives jealous' she said quietly with a chuckle. She'd used some of the hotel money she hadn't needed for lodging to get some panty hose, a blue knee length button front dress that was snug enough to cause his cock to twitch when she modeled it for him with many buttons undone but still amenable as office wear when properly buttoned and a nice but basic pair of three inch pumps to supplement her boots.
"Frank works nights," Chris said as the phone rang, "didn't want to call too early."
He held the handset slightly askew so Mel could listen in but the plan was for her to stay silent.
"Hello?" on the other end.
"Hi Mrs. Drake, is your wastrel son there?"
A snort, "yeah, Chris, hold on, Frank!"
"What's up, putz?" on the line after a short pause, a click as Chris assumed his friend was in the basement and his mother had just hung up her extension.
"Hey, remember what I told you about Guadalajara?"
A pause, then the cogs into place, "yeah, load of tosh. Too many Penthouse letters you've been reading."
Chris had warned Mel that was a likely riposte, "Well, what are you doing Monday? Not working right? You're going to buy dinner at Cafe Silvestre."
It was a Mexican restaurant he and Chris liked and Mel had agreed with him that Mexican food seemed appropriate.
"Yeah, I'm free. Except for the me buying part, sounds fine. Remember Pinocchio's?"
Mel's raised eyebrow received a mouthed 'later'.
"What if I said I could prove, solid proof, my Guadalajara tale is true?"
A pause of about five seconds, "If you can do that I'll even forgive the Pinocchio's incident."
"Ok, then. 7 pm, yeah, the one on 12thSouth. Bring your wallet and plan to open it for a change."
"That'll be the day. Later!"
"Ciao," as Chris put the handset back into its cradle.
"Pinocchio's? Where we just went?"
"High school, something like ten of us went and I, being the mathematician, was tasked with working out the bill. I misadded and, um, maybe profited slightly. Total accident."
Her expression told him she didn't believe that any more than Frank had when weeks later he had somehow worked out what had happened.
"Good thing Terry figured out the bill last night, then..." Mel said grinning.




"Well," Mel had told Chris just after noon as they were dressing to go to his parent's place for dinner, "it is Sunday so I'm dressing up."
She'd chased him earlier that morning around the empty Uni campus as he led her 'obstacle running,' using campus constructions such as walls, barriers, benches, even buildings, as obstacles to be leapt, climbed or otherwise included in a high-speed exercise routine. She'd tackled him a few times on grassy spots for kiss and wrestle drills before he'd escaped and led them off again.
Her one hesitation was when he used a deft but not immediately imitable combination of leaps and handholds to climb the outside of a building and alight on a second floor balcony.
"That's cheating," she shouted from the ground.
"No, that's SKILL," he declaimed from his high ground. Then he reversed his way down and she tackled him again and sat on his chest.
"You're going to show me how to do that..." then she lowered herself onto him to kiss sloppily, "if you know what's good for you."
Her dressing up consisted of her black over the ankle boots with heels, her blue mini and the yellow blouse that she'd worn to Wednesday's orientation. Chris had worked out that apart from her multiple running bras she had the white one she had on now, the red one from Friday and yesterday's blue one. All of them seemed designed to enhance her already impressive bust. She seemed to have the same number of panties and while she did have a clean pair handy from recent laundry she hadn't bothered to don them, breaking her streak at three days. He assumed if she did stay and her mother sent more clothes additional undergarments would be included. Or not. Those scant few undergarments contrasted with something like twenty pairs of ankle socks in a variety of colors she'd brought along.
She'd even brushed her hair.
Chris's decision making had been automatic. Summer plus no work equaled denim shorts but instead of a t-shirt he'd upgraded to a polo. On the way out Mel had collected from the dining room table the small fruit basket she'd bought as a gift, Chris having convinced her it would be more welcome, his mother's skill at making candies and chocolates meaning store-bought ones were always second-rate. He brought along his camera to get a picture of them all for her mom, remembering a tripod this time.
"Your parents are sooooo nice," Mel said gaily as he drove away, said parents waving from the front yard as the couple waved back, once they'd pulled away she said more quietly, "but they're old, too."
"Yeah," said Chris, "forty when I was born, my sister a decade older than me. It was something that always struck me when I'd meet my friends parents growing up. Or they'd meet mine."
"They seemed to like me," she continued, "and yeah, your mother makes great candy. You were right."
Caramels, fudge and other goodies for dessert and a variety bag to take with them.
"Too bad your sister not here, but she'll be around the fourth?" Chris nodded. He'd given his girlfriend a tour of his family's backyard and introduced her to his aunt and uncle next door, the combined yards hosting the upcoming BBQ. Not that he expected otherwise but she'd moved from stranger to acquaintance within minutes. Amongst the extended family when that didn't happen in past it was usually an omen to be attentive to regarding the new person. Relatives who'd ignored the implicit 'advice' usually ended up regretting it.
"A question," from Mel, "did you bribe them to pretend there isn't some pile of embarrassing pictures of you somewhere?"
"I had a sixth sense of avoiding pictures," Chris said firmly, "except the one with my stuffed dog. You saw that one."
"Yeah. Not embarrassing at all. Damn."
"So about sixty more of that on Thursday," Chris said, "think you can handle that?"
Think YOU can handle that?"
"Nope," Chris said, "I'm trying to figure out how to get everyone to just forget about it..."
That got his thigh a squeeze as she slid over next to him.
"Where we going?" she asked, "This isn't how we came?"
"Driving lesson," he answered, "think you're ready to handle the Blue Beast?"
"In my sleep."
Chris drove south a few miles beyond all of the houses into a vast swath of mostly flat fields of near-ripe grains interspersed with a few fallow fields, all criss-crossed with graded gravel roads.
"This looks like home," she said, "I'd seen it from up at that park but now we're out here it really does. Wheat, barley over there..."
He was impressed she could tell from a distance, few could, but then again he shouldn't be surprised. He drove a bit onto one of the smooth but dusty roads and stopped.
"Ok," he said as he slipped it into neutral and nudged her over, she snorted and clambered over him and took his place, "onward, driver."
He watched her test the clutch, her height meant the seat placement was fine, she held the clutch in and ran the shifter through the gears, his eyebrows raised at that, then she put it into first and popped the clutch a smidgen too fast, pushed it in, then lifted it optimally and they set off. She ran through the gears, the road surface only just happy with third.
"Ok," he said, not without some admiration, "you weren't bullshitting me."
"I told you," she said, "I can drive anything. We going anywhere specific or just going?"
"Straight, we'll get to a paved road in a while, turn there."
"Did you buy this car?"
"For a dollar," she looked quickly at him with slightly scrunched eyes then back at the road, "from a cousin. They bought a new car and this one had rust coming through, seat was hosed, exhaust system shot. Engine and transmission were only good parts. I had math and science in high school but also auto mechanics, so could use all the equipment there to fix it up."
"And it meant you had a car to bring your high school girlfriends up here," she began, "and park in the dark and whip that evil cock of yours out and tell them to suck or walk? Dark as your heart around here at night I bet."
"I plead the fifth on that," Chris said, "statute of limitations not up yet... This seat I found in a junkyard wreck. Otherwise, me and some of the other students doing the work including painting it."
"Man of..." she paused as she checked an intersection, they'd seen a couple of farm trucks in the middle distance so they knew there was some traffic, "many talents, aren't you?"
"Yup," he said, "but, up there, turn right on the road and I'll show you an even better spot."
"Oho," she laughed as she stopped, signalled, saw it was clear and followed his direction onto the paved surface, where she goosed the accelerator and showed him she could speed-shift, "maybe that old woman's not in the backyard, but up here!"
"Fifth," Chris said solemnly, "I didn't do it and when I did no one saw me... But these dry farm patches aren't so good right now for privacy, since the grain's getting nice and dry at the same time morons are getting fireworks, the farmers tend to keep a close eye out. A field going up in flames doesn't help the profit margin."
"Yeah, same worries around home. No irrigation here?"
"Nope. By my parent's house, yeah, that was all irrigated, but not this part of the Valley. Turn left where this road tees out." She did so and he pointed out the scant interesting items along the lonely road leading to the southwestern corner of the valley.
"Except for these mountains this area could be home," she said as she glanced around.
"That way," he had her turn right just as the main road curved east, a sign saying 'Herriman' but no town apparently, a few widely spaced houses along a road that led into the mountains. He directed her onto a dirt turnoff a short way up the mountain and she did a looping 180 and came to an overlook where she parked. She set the brake and turned the car off.
"C'mon, told you I had more lookouts," he hopped out and she did likewise and they walked to the front of the car, he slipped his arm around her shoulder, hers around his waist. There were stunted trees and brush masking the car from direct view from the road or from below.
"You are despicable," she said with a smile, "how in the hell do you find this spot? How many bodies have you buried up here?"
"In high school I was an avid bike rider," he said, "I just set off and pedalled on days off. Came up this way once since I'd never been up this canyon. I actually wasn't sure it would still be here. There are lots more houses than when I first came up."
"Um, there are hardly any..."
"Like I said, but it's growing. Anyway, see the Capitol and downtown way down that way?"
He pointed northeasterly diagonally across the Valley and she nodded, the largest buildings just visible through the summer haze over the gently-undulating valley floor that dipped from both sides to the river that ran the full length of the valley's center to the large salt lake at the north end, the dense swaths of civilization along the eastern half of the valley looking like Monopoly houses.
"The park we go to is to the right, that far corner of mountains," then he retrieved the camera and tripod.
"C'mon, picture of you from this direction," she stood at the front corner of the car and leaned, one hand on it as he took a picture, then slightly angled to take in a different part of the Valley behind her. Then she unbuttoned her blouse and reached behind and unclasped her bra. He put the clothes in through the open driver's window and snapped another picture.
"Bend over," he said and had her lean with her elbows on the front corner of the car, look behind at him and stick her tongue out, before she slipped the skirt off and repeated. She turned and tugged his shirt.
"Your turn," she took the camera, snapped one of him clothed, then he lifted the t-shirt off and dropped his shorts and underwear, his cock already at full mast. She took another of him, then he took the camera back, set it on the tripod, posed her, aimed the camera and set the timer. They stood next to each other with the Valley expanse behind them. The camera clicked and they turned and kissed, tongues meeting.
"About that back seat..." Mel whispered into his ear.
They walked arm in arm, he grabbed the keys from the ignition and opened the trunk and pulled out one of the blankets, opened the rear door and spread it. She pushed him in and he rolled onto his back as she climbed on top of him.
"What'll it be, boy, gonna eat my demon cunt or do I leave you here, naked?"
"I have my shoes..." was as far as he got, she turned and backed her crotch onto his face as he felt her mouth suck his cock in, in response he buried his tongue into her already wet slit. He pumped his cock in and out of her mouth while she ground her crotch on his face, pushing her clit into his mouth whenever it was in position.
They drove each other as their muffled breathing coarsened, he felt his cock expand and she pushed it deep into her throat as her thighs squeezed his head. He felt a hot gush onto his cheeks before he could reposition to fully swallow her flow, his cock having nowhere to release but her throat as she drank the hot cream on offer.
After a few seconds of stillness she rose up and shifted around to lay on him and each tasted the remnants of their own cum on the other's lips. She rubbed her pubic bone on his still semi-hard cock to convince it more was on offer. He rolled them, using the sliding blanket as an aid, until he was on top and positioned between her legs as they were splayed over each seatback. As he pushed his cock into her welcoming opening the sound of a vehicle on the paved road caused him to pause, but when it continued on he resumed slamming into her as she pushed at him, her interior muscles again able to pull and tug at his shaft as he fucked his beautiful black-haired demon and she fucked him back.




On Monday morning Mel looked the perfect office drone. Her new pumps and panty hose from the Saturday excursion, a knee-length skirt and a nice but conservative white blouse, both items she'd brought with her. She'd again corralled her hair and had the merest touches of eye shadow and mascara.
"I didn't even know you had makeup."
"Bottom of the bag. Gotta look the part."
"You do. You're a chameleon."
After the test drives on the weekend Chris led with his motorcycle and Mel followed in the car. He'd arranged on Friday to go to work a couple of hours late so he led her to the Agency and made introductions. She assured him she could find her way home and she gave him a quick kiss and he left her there.
Mel was sitting on one of the rickety lawn chairs in the backyard, wearing one of her pairs of minimal denim shorts, a white camisole and her Converses with the requisite socks, when Chris pulled in close to 5 pm and parked his bike. He pulled his helmet off as he walked toward her. She had one coke open and had another sitting on the little table. He noticed they had the old style labels.
"Guess what?"
"What?"
"I have a job."
"Stripping?"
"You wish. Even better, they're sending me out tomorrow!"
"Sweet," said Chris as he popped his Coke open and sat in a second chair, a set that no one in the house owned, it was just part of the place, "how'd you pull that off?"
"They had me take dictation then type up the letter, all good. Then speed typing, I did 65 to make sure I'd get it all right. But that was fine. Then they stuck me in front of a computer and I whipped up a WordPerfect doc."
"Solid, sounds like."
"Yup. But then that woman loaded a doc and asked if I knew why it looked funny. I showed her the template was hosed, fixed that. They about shit their pants. They want me to meet a chick Angie tomorrow morning about 8:45. She's apparently temping as office manager and she needs someone solid on WordPerfect. Unless I fuck it sideways it'll be two to three weeks just at that place. And they think they'll keep me busy all summer."
Chris tapped his can against hers.
"I have the address, it's somewhere downtown. Just drive past on the way to dinner or coming home to show me and I can get there."
"Sounds like a plan," Chris said, "this City is just a big grid, so just remember everything starts at Temple Square, goes in the compass directions."
They both took a couple of more sips.
"By the way, I can see your nipples," Chris said, "where did that top come from? Wearing that tomorrow?"
"Saturday. When we split up a bit, found it in a shop. Thought you'd like it. They listed it as an undergarment. So I think I'll put the red top over it for tonight. And speaking of clothes, I called my mom and she's putting together a couple of suitcases and will put them on the bus. Hopefully get here by the weekend."
"Frank will like that combination," Chris said with an unfocused look, "your mom really doesn't mind you staying?"
"She's going to visit over Labor Day, going to bring Shelly with her," Mel started lightly but went serious, "she'll load up the rest of my stuff. Can we store it here? Winter clothes, a few other things for the school year. It's not like I wasn't already taking care of myself the last few years and so long as I'm doing well she's fine with it. She's swung back and forth since dad died, I think she feels like it's a chance to get her own head really right."
"Ok," Chris said as he nodded, "but unfortunately my housemates will be back by then too, so it'll be getting crowded here. I also have a soccer tournament here in town over that weekend."
"Hotels exist even if I ignore them," Mel smiled, "and mom will enjoy seeing you get your ass kicked. So will I. Shelly's going to the University of Chicago where her dad went, but wants to visit. They start the same time we do later in September."
"Chicago will be hell of a change," Chris said, "we're bigger here than your home but in ways it's still kinda blinkered. We're not Chi-town."
"She has family there, they visited almost every year," Mel said, "she's pretty familiar with it."
"I'm going to get changed," Chris said but then paused as some thought didn't quite make it to consciousness, then he shrugged and continued, "then we can head out and I'll show you your building on the way."
He stood up then leaned over and she met him with her mouth open for a deep, slow kiss, lightly touching his still-cool Coke can to a nipple to feel her mouth twitch. Quite tame compared to what some of the neighbors had seen but what they'd have to live with for now. Then he went inside.
They pulled into the restaurant parking lot at 7:02 and Chris pointed out the car Frank usually used.
"Ready for your entrance, m'lovely?" Chris asked as he opened the door.
He looked around and caught Frank's eye at a table near the far end, the place wasn't that large and was barely half full, slow night. A waitress was just putting three water glasses on the table. Chris led Mel over over and Frank's mouth was moving but not making sounds so far as Chris could hear. Frank's eyes weren't on his old friend.
Frank's build was quite similar to Chris's, slender with some definition, Frank's brown hair cut shorter and in color between Chris's brown and Mel's black. His eyes had gone wide behind his black-framed glasses.
"Frank, meet Melanie. But call her Mel. This is Frank," she extended her hand and some instinct caused Frank to shake it.
"Mel is from North Dakota," Chris added as the couple sat across from him, the two of them smiling
"N.. N... orth Dakota?" he said slowly as if his mouth had never made those precise sounds before.
"Yup," Mel said as she held up the front of her driver's licence, "see?"
Frank gaped a bit, looked at Chris, then Mel, he seemed to have lost conscious control of his head and just let it swivel. His eyes went a bit unfocused behind his glasses.
Mel put the licence back into her little purse then pulled out a Polaroid photo and Chris saw it was a slightly angled waist-up shot of a very pale blonde girl in a sleeveless blouse. Her face was more filled out and her hair was shorter and wavier than he remembered from Mexico. She even seemed to have a bust. He felt the changes quite suited her, moving her from cute to very attractive. If one liked skinny blondes. And Frank did.
"And, this is Shelly. If the tale was accurate even if this one," she shoulder nudged Chris as she put the photo on the table, "didn't name her a 'cute young blonde' must've been mentioned."
Frank managed a wordless nod as he managed to focus on the picture then his eyes swivelled up and gyrated a moment. Chris knew Mel's nipples were visible through the lace of her cami, in fact she'd made sure of it, and apparently the light and fall of her sheer outer shirt had been just right for a moment.
Chris also thought Frank wanted to speak but the higher brain functions necessary hadn't yet rebooted from the overload of the last few minutes.
"It'll be dinner for three tonight," Chris said apologetically, "hope you brought your wallet."
"You can keep that picture of Shelly," Mel said, "it'll remind you not to doubt my boyfriend."
Chris just nodded to confirm.
It appeared Frank's brain was slowly coming back online.
"You," he looked at Chris, then down at the picture, then at Mel, then back at his friend, "and her. He's evil."
Even blocked by the table it was obvious she was rubbing her boyfriend's crotch.
"This," she said, "isveryevil."
The waitress likely was witness to that as Mel reacted to motion behind her and moved her hand halfway down the thigh to just below the hem of Chris's shorts. She was a mid-twenties Latina, hair not quite as dark as Mel's, nice if not excessive figure, smooth dark skin, her waitress dress short-sleeved and falling just above her shapely knees and with a knowing smile as she and Mel looked at each other.
"Ready folks?"
"Oh, sorry," Chris told her as Frank was still vapour-locked, "we're still looking."
She looked at the picture on the table then to Frank, "Cute girl for an anglo. Your girlfriend?"
"If he plays his cards right. She'll be visiting soon and I'll introduce them," said Mel with a demonic smile, "she's North Dakota Scandinavian and a sucker for tall, dark and handsome ice hockey players like Frank here."
The waitress's eyes widened by a fraction, then she smiled. Chris was pretty sure the light and fabric trick of Mel's shirt had kicked in during Mel's soliloquy as she alternated looks between the waitress and Frank.
"Ok, be right back."
"Both of you?" Frank managed as the waitress was passing out of earshot.
"Fucked us stupid," said Mel quietly but with the demon smile, the restaurant wasn't full but that was just for this table, "so I hope you don't mind Shelly's a fallen woman. But she KNOWS things now. Here."
She used her hand that wasn't fondling a thigh and handed the picture to Frank, he mechanically took it and slipped it into his shirt pocket.
"So, what sounds good tonight? I like eating for free," Chris said with a broad grin as he finally concentrated on the open menu, his thigh squeezed as they scanned the offerings.
"Ok, I know you met in Guadalajara," Frank said after they'd ordered, having recovered most of his equilibrium, "he gave you a massage and after that, apparently, the only true Penthouse letter ever written."
"We're working on one," said Mel, "think they'll print it?"
"There's unbelievable, and then there's destroying the fabric of reality, your story does the latter. Too much even for them."
"Of course," Mel said to Frank as she reached up gave his cock one last squeeze before bringing her hand up, "maybe I'm just a hooker he hired to fool you."
"Nah," said Frank with a slight chuckle, "that's even LESS believable. That'd involve him spending his own money. So you're real. But ok, how are you HERE?"
"Exactly one week ago," Chris began, "I was sitting on the front porch at my house, you know it. The phone rang and my housemate called to me 'did you corrupt a blonde girl?' It was Mel and she told me to be at the Greyhound station at 10:30 that night. The rest is sitting in front of you."
"Bus station? And you lived?"
"Bullet holes in our clothes, but you should see the other guys. Anyways, this young lady is part of the incoming class of freshmen for our University."
Frank was a political science major. Wanted to be a diplomat.
"I hadn't received my confirmation letter," she said, "so I asked general questions once I heard where these hot soccer bods were from. And, I needed the scholarship or couldn't afford to come here. My mom would've made me go to North Dakota State. Got back from Mexico and I had them."
"And I know you're wondering, anyone can call the University operator and get a number and address. That's what I did for him."
"He must've really liked you," Frank nodded at his friend, "he never gives women his real name."
Chris shrugged and nodded. He guessed Mel would save that for later as she just smiled and glanced at him.
As they ate dinner they rifled through the tamer photos from the set Chris had developed. Mel had asked if he'd want to see her facial and Chris had advised her to save that for a follow up. It might kill him. They did include her pose on the truck which had him squinting since it proffered more than it delivered in terms of her pussy being in view.
That was when the waitress happened by again.
"You're a beautiful girl," she said to Mel as she looked at the photo, "do you have any Latin blood?"
"Not that I know of, apparently some Greek back on my mom's side, some Egyptian ancestor of my dad's. How the hell they got to North Dakota, no one knows!"
"Ah, nothing like his friend," the waitress gestured to Frank's pocket where the top of Shelly's face and head were just visible.
"Nope. She practically bursts into flame if the sun hits her. When we visited Mexico a few months back she went through a gallon of sunblock."
"Mexico? Where?"
Mel rattled off Guadalajara, Mexico City, Tenochtitlan. The waitress's family was from Jalisco, but outside of Guadalajara. She'd not been back since emigrating as a little girl she said a bit wistfully.
"That's actually where she and I met," Chris said as he held Mel's hand, "my soccer team was there for a soccer tournament at the University."
"I know of it," the waitress said, "lots of Americans go there."
"The medical school," Chris confirmed, "they came out and cheered for us. We still lost."
She cleared the dishes and asked if they wanted dessert.
"I need a couple more days before I'll be ready for ice cream again," Mel said with her demon smile, "later this week to celebrate my new job."
Frank's glances meant he'd guessed the words used didn't mean what they said but he let it pass.
"Job?" he asked. That seemed safe enough.
"Yup, the Agency I work for," Chris paused and Frank nodded recognition, "will put her on as an office temp. They've got her a job starting tomorrow."
"Last couple of years I worked summers in the office where my mom works, for lawyers. She wants me to be one," her expression one that indicated she didn't agree with that dream but was trying to be open-minded, "if it all goes well I can stay all summer until school starts! And so long as I pay up in services this one is willing to let me stay at his place."
"Hey," he said, "gas, grass or ass, no one rides for free!"
"Oh," she responded brightly, "if I'd known about those other two options I'd be walking a lot smoother!"
"No, no, we'll just keep the arrangement as it is. I can buy the other two."
She grabbed his chin and turned his head, kissed him quickly.
"Don't be skimping on the tip," Chris said as Frank was pulling out his wallet and frowning as he read the check, they stood up and walked to the cashier.
"By the way," Mel asked Frank once they were standing next to his car, "about that Pinocchio's thing?"
He took a moment then recalled Saturday's phone conversation and his face dropped. He'd enjoyed lording that over Chris every chance he could.
"You heard that?" Her nod and grin convinced him.
"Shit. Ok."
"Don't worry. Shelly will be here Labor Day, she'll make you feel better."
"Last thing, about the Fourth," Chris said, "you're welcome to come over, mom and dad too. You know what to expect."
Mel nodded, having heard the planning for it yesterday.
"I might come, I'll let you know," Frank said then he looked at Mel, "I still don't believe it all."
"Just look at that picture," Mel said then lifted her head to give Frank a kiss on the cheek and Chris saw him redden, then he quickly got into his car and drove away, waving.
She slipped off her shirt as they got into their car and slid over to sit next him.
"I like this bench seat," she said as she rubbed his cock.
"Let's go up to the park and watch the lights come up in the haze," Chris said as he drove, "unless you need to get back to get ready for tomorrow? Maybe another fireball."
"Stuff is ready. I'll wear that new dress I bought."
The long summer twilight was painting the western sky itself fireball red as they pulled into the parking lot. She carried her shirt as they walked hand in hand, a few other couples or singles likewise enjoying cooling twilight, a couple of eyes doing double takes at what they saw. Or thought they saw.
They climbed a short way up the grass hill that was between the playing fields and the tennis courts and sat on the grass next to each other. Chris put his arm around Mel's shoulder and reached down to tweak a nipple poking through the lace. She rested her arm in his crotch and used the back of her hand to rub his hardening cock. Those sharing the park with them pretended to not see anything.
"Chi... ca... go..." Chris said absently as he drew out each syllable.
"What about it?"
"You said Shelly's going there," Mel signalled assent by rubbing his erection harder, "now I remember. Frank's thinking of applying to U of Chicago for grad school when he graduates in the spring. Apparently they have a good international relations grad program..."
"Shit," Mel said quietly, "I'm good for that girl. We'll make sure Labor Day works out..."
The couple sat in amiable silence as the sky darkened and the lights across the valley brightened.




Chris hopped on his bike after work on Tuesday at the lighting factory and needed to go through, or around, downtown to get home, their slightly time-skewed schedule set to avoid the worst of rush hour. But instead of going home he deviated and pulled into the parking lot near a four-story building amongst many other such low-rises on the edge of downtown. He suffered a slight out-of-body experience as he saw his own car, but a quick eye blink handled that and he found a nearby shaded spot under a scraggly tree to park the bike then walked across the street to a 7-11 to buy a cold coke. He used his car key to open it and roll down the windows so it would be just toasty and not blazing by the time Mel came out. Then he sat on the bike to wait.
As expected, over the next 30 minutes men and women in various levels of suits, dresses or slacks emerged from the building. Finally he saw his black-haired girlfriend in her blue dress, a couple of the bottom buttons undone allowing her nice thighs to be seen as she walked, if his eyes were right she was just popping a second top button allowing a hint of cleavage. She was animatedly talking to an older, stout, 'dirty' blonde woman a few inches shorter, walking next to her and laughing. Mel pointed at him and the blonde nodded and smiled broadly.
"Angie," said Mel, her accent suddenly pulling just a bit from North Dakota with flattened vowels and pitch-accents, Chris figured it was her melding of North Dakota accent with the local variant of Scandinavian descended English, "this is the boy responsible for my current downfall into WordPerfect slavery. Chris, Angie Sorenson."
"Good to meet you, Chris," the same accent as Mel had turned on as she reached out her right hand and Chris did likewise to shake it. She'd been prepped, obviously.
"Thanks for bringing her though," Angie continued, "she's already got us running smoothly again. Silly computers! I like the old ways."
"His fault," said Mel, "he's one of the people building 'em..."
"Ruin of society," Angie said with a smile, "I'm off, my kids don't feed themselves!"
"See you in the morning," Mel said as she and Angie exchanged a one-armed each half hug. The older woman got into an older but well-maintained Buick and drove off with a wave.
"She has four kids, her husband's on temporary disability," Mel said, her voice back to its region-free contralto, "but hopefully he'll get better. She's a teacher but doing this all summer because they need the money. Until Saturday at the mall and now today, I didn't realize that every Scandihoovian not in North Dakota must be out here. Fortunately I speak their language."
"You know, that's more in one day than I find out about my coworkers in a month! Hell, that's almost more than I know about Frank and we've been close better part of decade."
"Women talk. Men fart," she shrugged. But then she kissed him and held it for a few seconds as another surge of people exited the building.
"Maybe so, but I can tell you the women at the factory keep leaving their underwear where I'll find them. I think they take your scent as a challenge."
"Bull," a crooked smile said she knew that was bullshit.
"You look good," Chris said as his eyes scanned her head to toe, "wear it that way all day?"
"The men in there wish," she said with her grin, "saw you out the window, we're on three. Worked 'em on the way out."
"Want to go for a run?" Chris asked, "we can go up to the little park then I want to show you something."
"Hah, you'll be chasing me. And I've seen it. Many times."
"If it means I'm following that ass, no worries about that! Don't worry, it's something new."
"You are very single-minded."
Chris smiled in agreement as he hefted his helmet, he kissed her quickly and she dug the keys to his car out of her purse to follow him home so they could get changed.
She made it up the hill. And true to her word she'd pushed him all the way. He blamed the small pack he was wearing, a blanket inside. They took turns at the water fountain, children and parents at the little playground or out on the grass.
"So what are you showing me?" she asked as he drank.
"In the park, down there," he pointed down the hill, "I spaced it before. C'mon."
"Ok," she said and pointed diagonally in the distance, "and, on Sunday we were way in that corner of the Valley? Where I'm going to end up buried once I'm used up?"
Chris nodded but really hoped none of the parents or children at the little playground heard that.
They trotted past the two baseball fields, adult softball games occupying them this evening. Then Mel was leaning left down the hill, the path they'd taken before when Chris took her hand and turned right.
"Ooh," Mel said as Chris smiled, "I see what you mean."
There were two sand volleyball courts, one occupied and a ragged game going. Next to those were three hard-surface combination courts, one being used for basketball and the other one that had drawn Mel's attention.
"I have no idea the schedules," Chris said, "but figured we could drop by and see. No idea who they are but can't hurt to ask if you want to try. I have my blanket. I'll watch. They look good."
Some men and women were practicing bumps and sets while a couple of others strung a volleyball net on a hard surface court. Mel squeezed his hand and gave him a quick but deep kiss, then released him and trotted over. He watched her ponytail swing as she made it to the circle and introduced herself to a woman, then she joined the circle and Chris was quickly happy this was a watching remit. Not only did the skill level appear well beyond his, the display of fine asses in tight shorts, not just on Mel but on the other women, meant he'd enjoy himself. He set up his blanket in a shady spot and started on squats and sit ups, catching up from neglect this last week.
The teams played what to Chris looked like serious volleyball, with skilled digs and sets and some vicious spikes. But Mel didn't seem outmatched and she got her share of high fives from her teammates as she rotated through with a couple of other extras. After about 45 minutes she came trotting over to Chris.
"Got a pen and paper, loser who plays with his feet?"
"Sure, strange person who plays sport that uses hands," he said as he rummaged in a pocket of his pack and pulled out the requested items. She bent over and kissed him and trotted back to the game. At a break Chris saw her apparently getting a number from a woman a couple of inches taller than Mel, strawberry blonde hair also pulled into a ponytail, muscular with less bust and hips than his lover. Then she waved to them all and came and flopped down on the blanket with her head on his lap.
"I'm beat," she said, then she pulled him down and kissed him slowly, "thank you. Pie?"
"Fine with me," Chris said as they stood and packed the blanket, paper and pen in his pack.
"Just find us somewhere," Mel said as they jogged to the Pie, "to have a nice dinner to celebrate my job and us and stuff on Saturday, ok? Your treat. I'm poor until payday. I can only pay in services."
She grabbed his ass cheek at that.
"On it," he said, a few ideas percolating.
She set the pizza on the front porch table as Chris unlocked the door and dropped his pack at the bottom of the stairs. He filled two glasses with ice and water and carried them back out to the dim, shadowed porch as twilight deepened. Mel was already half through her first slice and chugged half of her water as soon as Chris handed it to her.
"Looks like you found some good volleyball players," Chris said between bites of his own slice.
"Yup," she said her levity rising with each word, "they're usually there Tuesday and Thursday during the summer, kind of like your racquetball, whoever is around. But not this Thursday since it's some sort of national holiday or something."
She turned sideways on her chair in front of him.
"Back and shoulders, please, slave of mine," she said sweetly as she slid back as he spread his legs to get close. He started at her neck and went down, rubbing on the straps of her running bra.
"Wait," she said as she reached and pulled the bra up and off, setting it on the table next to the remains of the pizza, unworried about what might be visible and giving Chris unhampered access to her tight muscles. He heard her sigh and could feel her shoulders and arms relax after a few minutes.
"Tuesday and Thursday are good," he said as he massaged, "I start soccer training in two weeks on those nights."
Mel leaned back to rest her head on his shoulder as his hands worked around her front, rising up from her abdomen and cupping her exposed breasts. She purred and reached behind to slide her hand inside the leg of her lover's shorts and rub the erection confined by his jock.
Every so often a car went past, driver and passengers only dimly visible.
"I have an idea," Chris said softly as one of his hands left her tit and his fingers pulled a partially melted ice cube from his glass. He transferred it to his other hand then touched his cold fingers to her nipple, causing her to inhale quickly, but after a second she pressed into the fingers as he caressed and pulled the nipple. Then he transferred the ice cube back and rubbed it in a circle around her quickly expanding flesh as he applied the treatment to the other nipple with his other hand. She grabbed his cock and rubbed it hard as he worked both nipples with fingers and ice, her breath quickening.
"Did you learn this from that old slut," Mel asked huskily as she added her other hand to cock rubbing duties.
"Yeah," he whispered into her ear, "and this." He quickly grabbed a fresh ice cube with his left hand and touched it to her ab then pushed it down and over her shorts, passing over her clit as it was just beginning to pay serious attention, and pressed into the camel toe in her tight shorts.
"Shit!" She jumped, then he jumped when she clutched his cock, then she caught her breath and lifted her crotch an inch or so, he took that as permission to trace the ice cube in reverse, slowing over her now very attentive clit. His right hand continued to work her right nipple and firm tit flesh as its ice cube dissolved into water.
He tossed the ice cube from his left hand and she turned to smash her open mouth on his and rubbed her crotch against his hand. She worked the tie on his shorts while her tongue went for his tonsils, one of her hands going inside them as she placed the other under his chin to lift him. As they rose she pushed his shorts and jock down, he followed suit by pushing hers down. Without breaking the kiss they each pushed down their own clothing and stepped out of them. Then she pushed him back onto his chair.
"My turn," she grabbed an ice cube and touched it to his stiff cock, rubbing it in a circle around the head as he took his turn to gasp. She pumped his cock with both of her hands and the ice cube as she put her mouth again on his. He fingered her pussy as it grew wetter and scissored her clit with two fingers.
She squared up to him and moved her hands to his shoulders, he had one finger in her slit and he used it to direct her to his cock, she gasped again as she felt the near ice cold head contact her clit. He lifted her, keeping his cock's contact, until it was at the entrance to her box.
"Oh, wow," she said as his cold cock met the wet heat of the interior of her cunt.
"Nice," he said into her ear, "I'll work on your legs later, if you earn it."
"Asshole," she whispered back as she rose and lowered herself, "a good boyfriend wouldn't strip me naked and make me fuck him on the front porch to get a needed massage."
"Feel free to find a good boyfriend. There's a couple walking their dog," he whispered as his hips rose to meet her thrusts, "we should probably not make too much noise."
They mutually decided that kissing would be the best way to do that.




"What should I wear? What kind of scandal do you want me to cause?"
Having showered and back in the bedroom getting ready for the festivities, Mel asked Chris, standing there only in white ankle socks.
"Wear one of your denim shorts, everyone will admire your legs," he recommended, she didn't have many clothes, her miniskirts, a pair of jeans and the minimal denim shorts, her camouflage peasant skirt and loose blouse, her city shorts and her "work" clothes, she'd had to wash things regularly, "or wear one of your minis without underwear. I'm sure the audience watching the volleyball will enjoy that."
"Shorts will probably kill them as it is."
"Nah, sister, cousins wore similar at times, likely see plenty others later."
"I'll wear a running bra," and she held up the red sleeveless and low-cut crop top with very large armholes from Friday's post-racquetball. Braless it'd be awesome and he hoped she'd end up that way at some point in the day. Her running shoes finished off the clothing. Chris wore jean shorts but with underwear to avoid bouncing too much. They packed some long pants and change of shirts in case she insisted they hit a fireworks show where the mosquitoes, more common out on the flats, or chill might require additions.
They had some toast and coffee, with a promise from Chris that one of the local places along the parade route had an interesting sausage offering that was a local specialty.
"Why no downtown 4th of July parade? Just the little towns? They commies here?"
"Not commies," Chris said with a smile, "but you remember that big Temple and the walled square around it? Courtesy of the local dominant religion?"
"Yeah," Mel answered shaking her head, "they used to come to our house."
"Their big holiday is the 24th of July," the explanation restarted, "the big parade is that day."
"Really? We're going," Mel's directive brooked no dissent.
"Um, I've never gone to the Days of '47 parade. Never."
"Oh, finally."
"Huh?" That had confused Chris.
"I've finally found a cherry of yours I can pop!"
Chris just looked at her with a bit of a gape mouth smile. He knew what he'd be doing on the 24th.
He drove into the little town hard against the Valley's western mountains with its grand name, 'Magna,' and parked on a street with other cars but few buildings.
"Point out your ex-girlfriends to me, ok?" Mel directed him.
"Sure," he said, "the ones not up the lookout."
"There is that," she said as she took his hand to fall in with the other walkers.
"Not so many blondes here," said Mel, "lots more dark hair like you and your family."
"Yup," Chris said and pointed at the various industrial sites up on the mountainside, "lots of us bohunks, Slavs, Greeks, Italians, Poles, all came here for the mine."
Chris led her to the area where his family usually gathered to watch the parade. His nephew and niece were riding on a float so his sister and her husband would finally meet Mel. Who knew what stories may have been passed on over the week.
Main Street was your typical small town America main street. His high school was a few blocks south and there was an elementary school he hadn't attended at the western end nearest the mountains. From there was the array of stores, the classic JC Penneys, already feeling the threat from malls and more centralised shopping, a few bars, the civic centre/tourist info centre, a public library, post office, the butcher who had the sausages she was awaiting and a bakery. There was also the 'Gem,' one of the really old style movie houses, with a balcony and everything. Like the JC Penneys it felt the threat from the new breed of mall multiplexes.
Mel hugged his mother and kissed his dad on the cheek. She'd mastered the sometimes intimidating by sight Slavic last name, something that some few of his classmates and even teachers had never managed. But she'd been promoted quickly to first names and when his sister and brother-in-law arrived it was already 'you must be Mel.' Clearly word had been passed. Chris just stood aside as his presence was only in the merest even acknowledged as everyone vied to tell Mel all about the town.
The parade wasn't extensive but the North Dakota teen compared it favourably enough to her own home town. She thought the sausages certainly tasted a bit different than any she'd had. Chris had the feeling they weren't going to get the highest rating when or if she told anyone back home about them and in his heart he agreed, despite the home town boosterism. But they WERE his home town ones so he had to eat them while there.
After the parade everyone told Mel goodbye and didn't notice or much care whether Chris left, stayed or no longer existed. He led her the long way to the car, past the old City Park which would be hosting all-day festivities and the night's fireworks. He told her it was mosquito central, like North Dakota, so they tabled that decision until later to go to his parent's house to set up for the afternoon barbecue. On the way he took a diversion to take her past the high school he'd attended. She wasn't all that impressed. Of course, he'd never been that impressed attending it..
Being one of the younger of his generation of first-, second- and third-cousins sprinkled amongst the crowd Chris didn't understand how he'd ended up as the designated BBQ chef for this event. He enjoyed it as it kept him apart a bit from the raft of ever-present, and nosy, relatives that left no doubt in his mind why he had a strong need for privacy but a paradoxical need for a few, close, people in his life.
The disposal of the maternal family farm had ended the last reason for his day-to-day presence so he'd decamped the 25 miles across the Valley to take up residence near the University. Frank's lack of such an extended family was why Chris figured he'd failed to convince his friend to join him, a predictable roommate hopefully freeing him from the rotating cast of strangers which was his situation.
Her lack of relatives of any sort thus surprised Chris at how smooth Mel seemed, when he caught sight she'd be laughing with some aunt, uncle, cousin, someone, often pointing at Chris and then likely getting some story or not. As best he could tell she was working her way through everyone when she wasn't involved in trying to teach people to play proper volleyball. She had his Polaroid, having passed on the SLR, and was using it to document the event to send home.
His cooking remit done and having eaten, Mel had long ago taken off her crop top and was sitting in her running bra which didn't offer much more flesh and given the various halters and such she fit right in. She put her legs across his as they sat in lawn chairs, no one immediately talking to them.
"Rub, super nerd," she said conversationally, "in payment for tolerating your relatives."
His squint expression was answered with a broad smile. He saw little use in arguing the extended family's description of his middle and high school self, the all-state soccer honorable mention notwithstanding.
Not surprisingly, her information had worked its way the other direction, North Dakota, the University. No one had asked point blank about living arrangements, she'd just said she had 'a place with a friend until the dorms for the school year.' But then, the worst happened.
"I hear you have a new job downtown?" Chris's sister Eileen asked Mel. Warning alarms going off in his head.
"Yup, an insurance agency. Started Tuesday, at least couple more weeks."
It and Eileen's office were not more than two blocks away from each other, as he was aware of but had not seen fit to mention.
"I'll call you this week," said his sister with the appropriate info to look up the phone number now in hand, "we'll have lunch."
"That'll be great," said Mel who then eyed Chris with a gleeful expression, "you can tell me whatever I haven't yet found out about your baby brother!"
In Chris's mind he hoped a vast rent would open in the earth and swallow not only him but any and all memory of him right then and there. Mel's dancing eyes meant she knew exactly what her boyfriend was thinking.
Neither Chris nor Mel had been enthused about mosquito-laden fireworks so he'd suggested they head back to 'their' bench park where he told her they could watch a few of the shows around the valley. They were in his old room, which his mother had converted to toy storage for the grandchildren, she was pulling her running bra off.
"Sweaty," she said, he was likewise putting on a fresh t-shirt after his cooking duties and some volleyball. She pulled just the crop top on. They put their dirty clothes into a plastic bag.
"Oh yeah," Mel said, "we're taking this," she put her hand on a tall, five drawer chest. It had always been in his room but he hadn't needed it when he'd moved out.
"I told your mom about my situation and she led me in here, she emptied out a few things, it wasn't full. Said to take it, give it to you when I was done."
"Well, saves us buying one," he said, measuring it in his mind, "I think it'll fit across the back seat. If not, I can use my uncle's pickup, but that'll be a hassle."
They carried it out the front door and were able to just squeeze it in. Then they went to the backyard to say their goodbyes, her attire drawing few glances from the remaining attendees as she just seemed to be one of the family. Chris again admired the level of adaptability this only child had to better blend herself into his mass of relations than he could.
Chris drove and she undid his shorts and shifted clothing around until a stiff erection popped out. He'd fondled her chest on the way to the freeway before she upped the ante.
"They're allso cute," she was telling his penis, "I could just eat them."
She demonstrated by pushing her mouth down on his hard prick.
"Ah, careful..." he said, but he adjusted to allow her access.
"They're all so friendly. And they were so nice to me. They think Black Cloud is so nice," she gestured at Chris as she continued her conversation with his erect penis, "but, if they knew how evilyouare, they might think a bit differently. I mean, making me do this!"
He jumped when he heard the nickname the extended family had given him, based on many things breaking when he was around. He didn't need to touch them, they just broke. Like a fireball falling from the sky. He had no idea who'd spilled the beans, but they were good and spilled. Then he lost the thought when she engulfed most of the stiff shaft in her mouth, her tongue working its length. She slowly rose and circled her tongue around the head. Not needing to shift on the freeway Chris reached around to get as good a hold on a tit as he could.
"You'll owe me," she said taking a momentary break then lowered her head. She worked up and down and made an effort to be especially loud as he concentrated on not killing them, little traffic so few others seeming to notice. His hand clenched around her shapely breast as he blew his load into her mouth, her swallowing very vocal. After extracting two last dollops she rose and licked her lips, then slid next to him as he took their freeway exit.
"You didn't kill us," she said as she gave him a cummy kiss at the red light, "you're very good. All that practice on those dirt roads."
Compared to all of their other visits the little park was crowded but not so bad they couldn't find a spot to see over the valley. Chris was unsure if viewers enjoyed the various fireworks shows across the valley, the radio station synced to one of them playing through a boom box, or the ample views of very erect nipples offered as Mel's crop top shifted with every movement or breeze.
After the show as he was pulling out of the parking lot he noticed she was pushing her shorts and panties down, then she moved over to sit next to him and opened her legs.
"You owe me," she said, "I'll shift, you finger." He used his hand to begin working on her crotch as he worked the clutch and she handled the shifter for the short drive home. He was still rubbing when he pulled the car to a stop, then she slid quickly, grabbed her discarded clothes and shot out of the car.
"Can't catch me!" She said as she sprinted to the back door. Chris trotted after the bottomless demon who'd just realised she didn't have the house key in any of the pockets she was rifling. He wrapped his arms around her and reached under her crop to cup her breasts. She reached into his pocket and found the key, unlocked the door and she worked on his shorts as they made their way up the stairs.
In the dining room he lifted her crop top off and turned her.
"On the table," he said, "snack time." She lifted her ass onto the table and shifted to open her legs wide, he pulled up a chair and sat and used his fingers and mouth to pay off his debt giving a shuddering orgasm.
"Your housemates are going to be pissed about that stain," she said in a slow, deep voice. She sat up and he stood and she licked her juices off of his cheeks and lips.
"The lube's upstairs," he said as he nudged her, "it's been awhile..."
"What would everyone think if they knew how sick their Black Cloud really is..." she broke from him and he chased her up the stairs, both naked save for their shoes and socks, clothes abandoned. She ran into his bedroom and they crashed on the bed, shaking the frame. They both kicked off their shoes as their tongues pushed and fought. She worked herself onto a pillow and reached up to open the headboard.
He grabbed the lube and handed her the vibrator, he shifted his groin and lubed his finger, which he pushed into her well-rested asshole as she used the vibrator on first one nipple then the other. They stared at each other, eyes glistening as he lubed his rock hard dick and she slid the vibrator to her clit, both operating purely by muscle memory and touch.
She rotated her hips and pulled her legs to her shoulders and to better expose her ass to allow entry, increasing pressure on her clit as he pushed deeper into her nether opening. He withdrew and added more lube to his cock then reinserted it quickly and deeply to cause her to puff out a hard breath. He gained speed over multiple strokes as her ass became reacquainted with his rampant prick.
Their breathing was through open mouths as he shoved his cock deep and pulled back as he felt the vibrator through her flesh whenever he pushed himself fully into her as it drove her to new heights. He saw her mouth open wide, her eyes close and her body grab his cock as the vibrator caused her cunt to gush another load of cum. As soon as her ring loosened he withdrew his cock rapidly, causing her mouth to go wide again, he scrambled to her side.
"Ready..." he grunted as he pumped his cock as she turned her head to face him, her mouth open now in anticipation. His first shot put drops on her cheek but the bulk of it offered extreme color contrast as it sprayed across her hair. She took over and grabbed his cock and pulled him down to allow her to pull his slick shaft into her mouth, her hand pumping and lips pulling two more shots of cum into her mouth. Still gripped, she pushed his cock away then released and reached up to pull his chin down to meet her mouth and share the bounty of sweet cream she'd gathered. She nudged him up.
"Go get me a glass of ice water, please," her contralto now almost baritone, "and wash this thing off then get back here and fuck my pussy, slow and deep and for at least an hour."
He kissed her quickly and softly then removed himself to obey his sweet demon's commands.




It was a few minutes before 8am on Friday morning when Chris woke up in a bed with sheets sticky with cum, lube and sweat. No work for either, both places taking long weekends. The sheets though, they were going in the washer first thing. Mel still seemed asleep so he rose carefully to go take a piss, with the house empty he didn't bother pulling clothes on.
As he lifted the seat he felt a presence behind him.
"Let me hold it," he heard in his ear. So he let her. Then she shook it a few more times than necessary.
She nudged him aside, put the seat down and sat.
"I like to watch you shave, go," she said, then, "ah" as he heard her stream hitting the bowl. Chris pulled out his razor and cream and glanced as she was pulling her fingers through her hair.
"Ugh," pulling apart some strands, "how much went in myhair?"
"Coulda been less," he offered as he shaved, "you needed to swallow more."
"Bleah..." she said sticking her tongue out at him and tugging at her hair. She rose and dampened a washcloth in the warm water he had running and wiped her crotch front and rear and upper thighs. Chris rinsed and dried his face off, she took his hand and she led him back into the bedroom.
"Thanks for yesterday," she said softly, "I had a good time. They're good people."
She pushed him onto the bed and straddled him, her crotch causing his cock to get ideas. She leaned down and kissed him softly and kept at it when the phone on the nightstand rang and she blindly reached for it like she'd been expecting it.
"Hullo?"
"Hi, mom!" She put her finger to her lips in a shush and held the phone to let him hear.
"How are you honey? Did you have a good time yesterday?" Chris wondered why she and her mom didn't have the accent like Shelly did, of course, how many people did he know from North Dakota? Mel, Shelly and now Mel's mom were the only three he knew of not on TV or movies.
"I'm good," she pushed her hips down a bit, "bit tired from yesterday, they wore me out."
"Oh, that rough?"
"Mostly the volleyball and there arehundredsof them! Like our whole neighbourhood but all related They made me feel really welcome. Kinda nuts. What did you do?"
"That's good sweetie. I went to the Swensons'. They say hi."
"Did Dr. Magnusson make it?"
"No. He's bottom dog at the hospital so he had to be on duty, you know, idiots blowing their fingers off with firecrackers, that kind of thing. We're getting together today. I gave Shelly the envelope with her name when her parents weren't looking like you asked. You really should've told me about your friend, eh? At least you included him in a couple of pictures. He's cute enough, no reason to be embarrassed."
Chris was reasonably sure that was a compliment and he felt a sense of relief but then slit his eyes as he wasn't sure which the 'couple' might've been.
"Let me talk to him. I know he's close by..."
"He's right here, under me," Mel said, then she twisted the hand set.
"Uh, hello Mrs. Caldicott," Chris slightly stammered.
"Oh, dear, just call me Helen. For now," said the voice that was very much like Mel's in timbre, "thank you for taking care of my little girl."
"I'm trying my best," Chris hoped was safe enough.
"Has she mentioned cattle castration at some point?"
"Yes, yes she has," Chris said as his eyes had a quizzical look.
"Just remember, I taught her everything SHE knows about the subject," humor in the voice but not purely so, "but I didn't teach her everything I know about the subject. Eh?"
"Yes, ma'am," he knew was appropriate in this case.
"Now hand me back to her, nice to meet you, as it is," she said and he twisted the handset back.
"Yes, mom?"
"I'll drop the bags off today, seems like Sunday night though, hope that's ok."
"That'll work. My slave," she nudged her crotch against his confused cock, not quite knowing whether it should get fully hard right now or not, "will collect them. I'm fine for Monday."
"Ok, sweetie, love you. Be good!"
"Love you too, mom. Bye!"
The line clicked dead and she set the handset down. Then she rose up until she had her crotch over Chris's face, he ran his tongue from the bottom to the top of her vulva, the taste tangy and a bit acrid from the previous evening's activities despite her wipe but with his poor sense of smell not unpleasant. He used his hands to cup her ass cheeks to guide her as he worked on her box and growing button.
Then the phone rang again, Mel pushed herself down on him and picked it up.
"Hello?"
"Oh, hi Teresa. No, he can't come to the phone right now, he's very busy," he flicked her clit hard with his tongue, causing Mel to stammer, "ca... can I take a message?"
"10am, I'll write it down," she opened the side table drawer and pulled out a pencil and tablet.
"We'll be there. Yeah, I don't know how he ever managed without me around either! Bye!"
She slid down his torso until she made contact with his cock, it had made the decision that it could get fully hard now, he aimed it and she pushed her pussy down on it. She showed him the address she'd written down.
"We need to be here at 10am, meet Terry and Teresa, they have an 'offer' for you."
"That's about eight blocks, that way," Chris pointed past his head, "just houses. But lots newer than the ones on this block. They say anything else?"
"Nope," she said as she slid herself up and down his cock, "guess you should do as my mom directed and take care of me then we can get cleaned up."
On the way out of the house they stuffed the bedding into the washer and put it on the 'heavy duty' cycle. They had a shared gym bag with running clothes and shoes for later and with the mystery meeting Mel had chosen to layer her new favorite shirt, his old white with faded red stripe soccer jersey, over a running bra and her beige mini. Not having kept close track she had no clean underwear which meant she didn't have to make a choice in that matter but she said she liked the skirts on such days better than the shorts. Chris didn't argue. Nor did he try to argue she had longer skirts available. Those were for work.
Chris put the gym bag in the trunk and Mel added her backpack. She had a couple of notebooks in which she'd been jotting thoughts about the meteorite and the one book she'd brought along, Pollard's 'Mathematical Introduction to Celestial Mechanics.' Hell of a book for leisure time reading, Chris had thought, when he'd seen it, almost as crazy as his choice a while back of 'Godel, Escher & Bach.' They carried the chest of drawers into the house and left it in the dining room.
They saw Terry and Teresa, the twins dressed in khaki shorts, Terry in a cream white short-sleeve button down shirt and his wire-rim glasses instead of his usual contacts, Teresa in a beige one of the same type that coincidentally matched Mel's skirt in color, both standing in a driveway one house in from the corner of Yale Ave. talking to an older man. Like their current house it was two stories, the comparison ended there. No front porch beyond a step and small landing at the end of a short paved path bisecting the front yard and connected to the driveway, but the main thing they noticed was its age. Chris guessed not more than 20 or 30 years, making it 70 or 80 years newer. It had a mansard roof, single car driveway and a detached garage. It didn't have peeling paint and he guessed the windows probably worked properly.
Introductions made, the older man was an uncle of the twins and the owner of the house. He was taking up a two year international work assignment in England which meant the family house would be empty. The offer for Chris was would he be interested in sharing it with the twins if they all covered the mortgage? Even with that it would save him $100 a month!
The uncle gave them a tour, boxes and out of place furniture signs of the impending move. The kitchen still had paint drying from a renovation, the uncle said they started ripping it apart a week before his company sprang England on him. There was no choice but to finish it. Chris felt that might make him willing to cook again, a bit of a hobby that his current house's condition just didn't inspire.
The upstairs had sloped walls from the mansard roof with a master bedroom with windows on two sides, a bathroom and half the floor a large rec room remodeled from what the uncle said had been two bedrooms once their kids were old enough to be banished off the top floor, with huge picture windows on each side making the room bright and airy, the window sills with cushions. The family would be leaving a VCR, projection TV and a second, large regular TV, as none would work in England. Also staying was a king-size sleeper-sofa in the rec room, the uncle saying it was too painful to get out now it was upstairs.
"We'll take this bedroom," Mel said as they stood on the second floor landing, she'd returned to lean through the master bedroom door, her skirt lifting almost to the point the twins would confirm rather than just suspect her lack of underwear, the uncle had his back to her. It struck Chris she too had noticed that as a bedroom meant for a couple it had two full size closets. Both of the twins eyes signaled their admiration of Mel's thighs, then looked at each other, smiled and shrugged.
"Sure," said Terry, he and Teresa telepathically communing, "but that means you'll have to vacuum the whole upstairs and clean 'your' bathroom. Plus share the rest, eh?"
"Deal," said the black-haired demon as she rejoined them, Chris definitely gape-mouthed now. Oh well. It was an awesome room and even though she'd be in the dorms he figured she'd be here often. The basement had a finished bedroom almost as large, lots of storage shelves, a washer and dryer and another bathroom. Chris would let the twins pick between that one and the large or small bedrooms on the main floor.
"I'll help you vacuum," Mel whispered in his ear as they lagged following the others downstairs, "wearing nothing but high heels, we cool?"
"Only if the curtains are wide open when you do it," he kissed her quickly on the cheek and her expression told him she'd have it no other way despite no parking lot to host viewers.
"Our stuff goes this coming week," said the uncle, "then my company will pay for cleaners to do the place top to bottom, you guys can start moving in after next weekend. Mower, yard equipment staying too. Just don't trash it or else."
"Only issue," Chris said, "I'll have to pay rent on both for August. I need to give 30 days, but all of my housemates are gone until end of July. Can't expect they can get someone for August."
The twins nodded at that too, he guessed they had similar concerns.
"Not a problem," said the uncle, "start paying for September. I'll charge August's payment to my company as part of the relocation. I can get away with that. Same with the utilities, you guys sign 'em over end of August. But move in whenever, I'd prefer it not be empty too long."
"I'll let the neighbors know," he continued as he motioned to his nephew and niece, "a couple of them met you two at that BBQ a while ago so they'll not think anything's out of sorts."
With the others still in the house, Chris and Teresa checked out the garage. Both had motorcycles and they both would finally be free of deciding whether a tarp was sufficient or using a relative's garage in some inaccessible corner of the Valley. A small backyard with a picnic table on a concrete slab alongside the garage past the side door. All in all, not much grass front and back to mow.
"Teresa," Chris asked as they opened the side door and looked around, seeing plenty of boxes and yard tools but not much else, the bikes would fit easily, "what about Sam or Pamela?"
"Oh," she said, "Terry and Pam aren't anywhere near wanting to share, that's cool, nothing like you and that cutie. Sam, I called her, but knew what she'd say. Her family isn't, you know, they kinda think she's 'experimenting' but not serious, that she's mostly with you."
"What?"
"Remember that picture of us after racquetball last year where you two were next to each other, your arm over her shoulder," she said and he nodded, having used his camera and tripod, "well, she sent that, she didn't SAY, just doesn't deny it too loudly. It's funny. I'm from small town Idaho and my family is cool with me, after Terry went at 'em about it, but her family, in California? Hah!"
"She'll be here plenty," Teresa went on as she smiled sadly, then sighed, putting her arm around his, "but she wants some plausible deniability. And our secret, but she's still sweet on you, probably always will be. You just don't have the right plumbing. But I'm pretty sure your demon figured all that out within thirty seconds the other night."
His eyebrows rose in a bit of surprise but then some glint of understanding as she nodded lightly.
"Things gonna get weird?" Chris asked.
"GET weird?" was his answer, accompanied by eyes dancing with accepting amusement.
"This is nice," Mel said as she nudged Chris when they had all reconvened on the driveway at the side door, "I thought all houses out here were like the dump this one lives in, threadbare carpet, peeling paint. I didn't know you had places like this."
Her happy eyes had everyone laughing except Chris. He'd willed himself to not actually SEE his house but with the scales off the next couple of weeks would be tough. His only saving thought had always been that his current place was smack in the middle quality range for student housing at a price point he could afford. This place put them in the absolute top tier.
Leaving the house Chris and Mel noticed a small parking lot across the main road where Yale Ave. teed into it. He pulled the car in to read a sign "Bonneville Glen Nature Park," and they saw paved walking paths going up the slopes and curving to disappear into the tree-covered hillside, a small stream cascading down rockfalls between the paths until it disappeared under the parking lot, a couple of picnic tables visible on flat spots either side of the stream at the bottom.
"That'll be fun to walk and run in," Chris said as Mel nodded agreement, "handy it'll be close! I didn't even know it was there."
Having missed breakfast because after fucking they needed to rush showering and dressing to make their appointment they stopped at the sandwich shop that shared space with their usual ice cream supplier.
"You owe me ice cream," Mel said as they finished their sandwiches, "for services rendered."
"Rain check okay? I have a plan for later, after our research."
She squinted momentarily but nodded.
He smiled, he'd be saving money on rent so not only was the ice cream expense worthwhile it would also be more affordable. With a full week of work ahead for both Chris had offered to get her into the Uni library map room, not everything was accessible with her temporary student pass. They were also going to use the newspaper room to check out articles about the meteorite in major papers like the Times.
Chris could tell Mel had some sort of obsession about this thing, that she felt something was 'wrong' but she wouldn't tell him what. He'd shrugged. His main role was to take whatever info they gleaned here and run numbers using the computers.
"Hey," Mel asked when they were in the newspaper room, "when did those students disappear? You know, that succubus thing? I'm curious."
"Uh," some mental arithmetic, "1981. Late spring quarter, so end April or May sometime, but that's all I recall. It'll all be on microfiche."
He showed her the microfiche setup and she started with the Tribune from mid-April of the specified year and worked forward. He sat at a table nearby and went through recent newspapers for the few days after the fireball.
"Found it," she almost shouted, then put her hand in front of her mouth. Fortunately they'd only seen one or two other people all day, and they were library workers trying to not fall asleep from boredom.
"Ok, yeah, you guys had the basics right, May 9th last day anyone saw them," she summarized as she read, Chris had rolled his chair close, "according to this. She'd transferred in fall quarter, was part of the sorority in Boulder it says. Pi Beta Phi. Whatever that is. The 'sisters' there told the police they didn't like the guy but Carole spent most of her time at his place."
"Strange people them," Chris said, "sororities and frats not my thing."
"And they have pictures. Hey, he wasn't half bad looking," Mel read, then grinned lopsidedly, "for a CS guy."
Chris stuck his tongue out.
"Not bad at all. But even then, she was, wow. Out of the league of almost everyone around here. Makes me look like a stretch of bad road."
"Hey, you're beautiful," Chris said as he rolled closer, kissed her cheek and looked at the screen, "but, oh, yeah. See what you mean."
That got him an elbow in the ribs, bit more than a tap.
"Says here her name was Carole Dzhavo," she resumed reading, "from Denver. But apparently no family? And I thought I had hardly a family... His was Miller. Kinda like you, didn't spend much time with his family, eh?"
"Hey, I was just with my family all day yesterday!"
"Says here this Carole and another girl, a Jayne Fraser, delivered doughnuts to a CS seminar the day before they apparently disappeared," Mel continued, "they made a significant impression. The police interviewed this Jayne, she said she'd become friends with Carole and spent the afternoon with the two of them but left after dinner, never saw them again. The next morning they cooked breakfast for a bunch of people at his house, then the housemates left. That was it."
"Ah, that seminar must've been the one my TA mentioned, PMAI, he said he was there, I plan to start going in the fall, maybe she'll show up..." Chris said as his eyes went a bit unfocused, "wait, did you say Deezavo?
"Yeah. Well, D Z H A V O, whatever that is. And, oh, wow. Remember that little park we just saw by the new house? THAT'S where they used to go, 'Bonneville Glen,' they searched it a couple of times."
"Shit. That's a fun omen... Um, I'll be right back. Need to make a phone call," he stood and walked quickly away.
He returned a few minutes later in a mirthful but thoughtful mood. Mel was just removing a microfiche cartridge.
"Her name," he said as he sat, "means 'demon' in Serbo-Croat. Called my dad, he's not fluent but knows a fair number of words, when you spelled it I half-remembered it."
"Really? Fucking really?" Mel said softly, "Wow. You CS guys don't manage to do life at all. He was wrong about handling the succubus thing, she sucked him down to hell... It all just disappeared after about a week. Page 1, page 2, page 10, poof."
"This is all nuts," Chris shook his head
"Don't worry," Mel took his hands, "I'm still YOUR demon but the worst I'll do is take you to North Dakota for Christmastime."
"Oh, god, no," utter despair in Chris's eyes, "not THAT! Eternal fire and demonic ass rape, please!"
She leaned in and kissed him hard.
"Ok, now we've settled that, what did you find?"
"Put all those in that bin," he pointed, "they don't like us mis-filing things."
"To say nothing," he started as she put the microfiche cartridges where he'd pointed, "wouldn't be quite right. But it's all just 'space rock from the asteroid belt or comet hit earth, big, hole, very radioactive so stay away.' Army's put up a cordon around it. Almost two weeks ago and now it's just been essentially forgotten. Like disappearing students. Page 1, 2, 10, gone."
She nodded and her mouth was a line for a moment before she spoke.
"Map room?"
"One floor down, let's go."
In the map room he mostly just fetched as directed and pointed out the location of their little park, the crash site and the mountains on either side of the valley. She wrote down coordinates and altitudes and worked angles and added that to the timing information from the newspapers occasionally referencing her textbook.
"Ok, time for you to earn your keep," she said as she leaned her head on his shoulder, "and tell me the orbit of this stupid rock that crashed. I have the formulas, you just need to code them up."
"That's what I'm doing? No worries. Let's take the car and we'll park it at the engineering building and get our gym bag. I'll set it up, we can go for a run while it's running. While I'm doing that I have one more place you can look for info."
She raised her eyebrow as a question.
"Newsgroups are mainly USENET and they mostly travel on the arpanet, but that's not quite it, close enough. Computers hooked together, there are discussion groups that might have more in-depth info. It's hooked into quite a few universities and a few military bases so who knows. I can get you on and you can look around. If you can handle WordPerfect you can handle it."
She brightened and kissed him while she held his cheeks.
"You computer people and your weird shit, you could've mentioned this before, maybe," she said as they held hands and walked out.
"No access from home," he said, "although for the new place maybe I can get a terminal and a modem."
In the almost-as-abandoned engineering building Chris set Mel up on a terminal and gave her a five minute tutorial on the the various 'sci' and 'sci.space' newsgroups and let her search. He slid over to another terminal and started looking for FORTRAN libraries for orbital mechanics. He heard Mel talking to herself, or to the screen, more than once but was mostly in his own world. After testing using the moon, he thought he had it right and created a file with the various orbits Mel had hypothesized and given him to find if he could get them to fit. He pushed start and sat back.
Mel was looking at him, her head tilted just a bit, her legs apart such that his eyes were drawn to her black strip of pubic hair. She smiled as she spread her legs a bit more.
"You're a pervert," she said grinning, "all this high-tech stuff and you still want to just look at my pussy."
"No," he managed as the view drew his brain out of the trance that interesting programming problems often sent it into, "I want to lick and fuck your pussy. Find anything?"
"This is awesome," she said, "if the maps and newspapers were all on this, that would be fucking amazing, save us an afternoon in the library! But no, most of the discussion is how it could've gotten so radioactive. Even some mention of a mushroom cloud, but others talking that down. Blast maybe even a megaton, that's like, an H-bomb. Big or heavy. But I'll wait until your stuff finishes. Then I'll tell you my idea. C'mon, show me how to climb that building."
"Remember how smoggy the valley was when we took those pictures," Chris said slowly as the two of them took advantage of the empty room to strip and put on running clothes, "lots of that probably dust from the crash. Winds bring stuff this way."
"Wouldn't they have announced warnings" she asked, "if it was radioactive?"
"Hah, they nuked this state pretty good back at the end of the 50s with the open air tests. Just told us to 'rinse off the dust, nothing to worry about.'"
She raised an eyebrow, but not much more. Chris had the idea that plenty of accidents had happened in North Dakota oil fields and officialdom likely just shrugged there too, a momentary darkness crossed his face but he avoided saying anything out loud given what had happened to her father.
An hour and a bit later they carried the gym bag and a couple of towels from his trunk. She was going to be climbing buildings in no time, if the last hour was to be believed. But for now he glanced at his terminal and saw it had finished. He turned and looked at Mel, naked save for her shoes, rubbing herself with a towel as she walked over.
"Got my numbers?"
"Yup," he said, "let me get these off, it's cold in here with the air conditioning and I'm damp," her protruding nipples indicating agreement. He stripped and used a towel then he set it on the chair and sat down, she sat her bare ass on his lap, the towels sort of around them.
"Assuming I DID do all your formulas correctly, like you guesstimated the speed around 16,000 kilometres per hour, give or take, orbital inclination 135 degrees or so. More in the numbers."
"Yes!" She shouted, then she grabbed his head and smashed her lips onto his and rammed her tongue into his mouth. She rubbed her bare bottom until his cock reacted and he could feel it pressing on her flesh. She stood up and pulled him up as she bent over the work table. He got the idea. He pressed against her and rubbed his cock along her slit, feeling the warm moisture already going. She reached under and guided him into her slit. He held her hips and started sliding his prick in and out of her obviously excited twat.
"Oh wow," he said between breaths, "I don't know what I did but I'll do it as often as you want."
"I'll tell you after," she said likewise, he could feel her fingers on her clit and along the shaft of his cock.
As he fucked her he half wondered if he'd get expelled if someone came in. He also half wanted someone to come in, a CS person he hoped. He could use the upgrade in status it would give him in the department being seen performing feats of erotic exuberance with this lovely demon. But one stubborn neuron reminded him an enhanced status hadn't helped that other CS student a few years earlier.
He felt her clinch with a verbalised 'aaahhh' then she pulled herself off of him, turned and squatted down.
"You said I should swallow more," she grabbed his juicy cock and wrapped her mouth around it, pumping it with her fist and mouth as he pressed the back of her head and blasted three shots of cum into her throat. After the last one she rose up and pulled him tight, again jamming her tongue into his mouth to share his cream. He rubbed her back and ass as they separated slightly, their foreheads touching.
"Thank you," she said, "for helping me. Let's get dressed." They separated and she wiped herself again and then pulled on her miniskirt then the thin jersey, which Chris thought may have shrank a bit in the last washing, the shapes of her protruding nipples clearly outlined, their color merging into the stripe to almost fool anyone not concentrating on them but anyone with sense would indeed concentrate on them. He pulled on his shorts and a fresh t-shirt. He sat in front of his terminal and she pulled a second chair close.
"What'd we do?" he asked.
"This wasn't an asteroid or a comet," she said, "it was in orbit. It was a satellite that crashed. That's why it's radioactive."
"Huh?"
"The speed," she said as she pointed at the screen, "it was way too slow to be diving in from space. That's slower than even most satellites go. And at that point it should've been accelerating as it descended."
"The reports didn't really say anything about that... And you didn't find anything on the newsgroups. But my numbers say it was in between low earth orbits and geosynchronous. Nothing much is there as I understand satellites. But I ran all kinds of options and that's what fits your numbers. And one problem."
"What problem?"
"The inclination that made the numbers work," he said in a confused tone, "was 135 degrees."
"Well yeah, because it's going the wrong way."
Chris just shook his head.
"Satellites don't go the direction the fireball went," she explained, "that's why no one thinks it's one. It's retrograde. So it makes sense they're hiding it, so who knows if it IS radioactive. Maybe that's the cover story. Only us or the USSR could do this. Big ass secret though."
"Ah," he said, "you're indeed my beautiful black-haired demon. Hmm. What if there are more up there? And what about aliens, like Roswell?"
"Yeah, green bug eyed ones maybe," she said pointing at the screen, "those numbers say it takes eight hours to orbit. That's weird. We need a telescope. Try that for a start see if any more following the same track spread so each is on one side of the earth of the other, even if no one's saw one before doesn't nothing there now... And a megaton crash is a BIG satellite. The formulas I gave you won't find its mass. But it's big."
He pointed to a small sign on the far bulletin board.
"Tomorrow night, up the mountains. Weekly summer star gazing party. Bunch of people and their scopes. Anyone can show up and the owners will let you look through their scopes. But I was going to take you out to dinner tomorrow night."
He typed a few commands and sent their orbit results to a local printer, then a nagging thought caused him to save that and the program he'd written to a subdirectory and restrict access to only his ID. Wouldn't block a super user but it would prevent his workgroup from access.
"Take me Sunday maybe," she smiled, "we have a secret satellite to go find."
"It won't count for my REAL dinner treat," he said, "but how about Bill n Ada's for a burger now? I think we're dressed appropriately for that place."
Her smile got a bit wider.
"Then," he rose as if he was conducting the resounding end of a symphony, "we might be able to meet an ex-girlfriend when I pay up on my ice cream debt. We have a plan?"
The feral grin of amusement to which he was witness told him they had a plan.
*****
Postscript: Mel and Chris and their friends will return for more adventures in the near future. If you've enjoyed their tale so far you might want to try the author's 'Carole' trilogy beginning with "Carole at the Art Lecture" in Erotic Couplings.