Dear Reader,
This is my first attempt at writing, and potentially the first instalment of a multi-part series. I hope to publish subsequent parts at regular intervals, depending on how well this part is received.
To give you sufficient perspective, this story is set in a small town in India and is about an 18-year-old girl named Doyel (pronounced Though-Elle).
The story majorly focusses on exhibitionism and does not contain any actual sex. However, subsequent parts may evolve to include consensual sex between two or more characters.
I am immensely thankful to Drmaxc for taking painstaking effort into editing the draft and providing suggestions to the plotline.
Constructive criticism, suggestions and comments are welcome.
All characters in the story are 18 or above at the beginning of the story.
* * * * *
Doyel reached out and pulled open the bedroom window to look down and confirm it was indeed them. She peered over and found both waiting there, talking to each other. Samar was already done locking his cycle and was standing there beneath her chatting with Arup, who was crouched, locking his cycle too. She figured it was Samar who had rang the doorbell rather longer than was necessary.
Doyel did not want them to know that she was aware it was them, knew they wanted it a surprise as she opened the door so she closed the window as silently as possible, but she could almost hear her heart beating in her chest, as was the norm whenever she put herself in such situations. And she was taking things, or was going to, just a bit (or a lot) further with two of her best friends. Doyel took a few deep breaths and calmed herself.
She certainly had a lot of acquaintances while growing up, but very limited actual friends. She always seemed to be a bit reserved, and it took a lot of time to break into and extract her from the shell she cocooned about herself. Once she was out of her shell though, she would trust the person almost completely. But her initial reservations meant most people she met lacked the patience to break through. Doyel certainly shared a pretty good rapport with her parents her sister, who was 7 years her elder, and happily married; and some of her many cousins. It was of course a factor that most of her cousins were girls, and they would often bond over 'girl-talk'. But Doyel had been quite reserved with the rest of her family all through the 18 years of her life.
As a result of this, most people could never fathom her or her imaginations since she rarely spoke about them. Little did they realise she saw herself as having several different personalities other than the reserved face she normally showed to the world. Her vivid imagination fed this view of herself, often when walking alone she would flick from avatar to avatar, testing them out, developing them.
But to the world and her parents she kept to her reserved face, the mode she had showed for years and had kept her rather apart from the other girls and boys. In the last few years, however, she made some, albeit just a few friends, three of whom were the ones she would frequently spend long hours together with. Incidentally, or rather importantly, two of them, Samar and Arup, were boys. This is particularly interesting because she had always been to all-girl schools, and her household was comprised mostly of girls when it came to her generation. The fourth one in their group was Dona and she was certainly a girl. The four of them gradually got to know each other from common tuition classes, and somehow stuck together. It sort of happened. Friendships are like that. All of them were eighteen, a long two years after 'sweet-sixteen.' Samar was the youngest of them by a few months and had recently celebrated his 18thbirthday.
They often got together and hung out at either of the girls' places. This was because of two reasons. Firstly, their time together was mostly during the day, and it would be quite hot outside so being inside was best. Secondly, the boys were both from out of town and lived in student accommodation, where girls were not generally allowed. So only the girls' places made sense. It also helped that both girls had working and trusting parents, so having boys in the house in absence of the parents was not a problem. This, however, did not mean they did not go out at all. If they met in the evenings, they would often go to common hangout places, like some café, or the riverbanks. Sometimes they would also go to the movies. It was not that they always met up as the complete set -- the four of them. Often just two or three of them would meet up.
Today was one such day. Dona was out of town visiting her maternal grandparents up at the far north of the state. This was a great time to be there, upcountry, as the heat in their hometown was sweltering.
This meant that it was just Samar, Arup, and Doyel in town, hence the hangout spot being Doyel's place. And today she was going to be in her daring avatar. It certainly helped that she, like Dona, was from a family where both parents worked, and there would be no one to bother them in the afternoon. She needed it to be that way for her plan to work. After all, she had been waiting for this opportunity for a while. She was letting loose her daring avatar on the unsuspecting Samar and Arup.
For some time now, Doyel had been aware that she liked the idea and rush of others seeing her body or parts not normally revealed, especially if it all seemed innocent and accidental. Being physical was not a problem, she had no plans to protect her coital virginity until marriage, or anything similar. She had not shown that much yet, just a few 'accidents' that had teased a few men. But she wanted to go further. Her thoughts and thoughts even of engaging in sexual acts with boys that were not her husband were themselves taboo in the typical society of a small Indian town.
She had loved the little disclosures and attention she got and the position of power it seemed to give her. She had discovered this side of herself much more recently by accident. A story perhaps for another time. She craved for a deliberate audience now, a real disclosure. The thing for her now was displaying herself and being appreciated visually. Of course, she did have the attributes to command the appreciation.
Years of yoga and swimming had gifted her a trim and stunning body to her 5'6" frame. Doyel had a heart shaped face, a small, pointed nose, a doe-like innocent wide-eyed look and thin lips. Her hair reached beyond her shoulder line and was a dark shade of brown, almost black. A dimple would appear as if by magic on her right cheek when she smiled. Her neck was long and slender, leading down to a round and perky set of 32C breasts, followed by a flat 25" tummy and rounded 34" hips and shapely bottom. Her head was the only part of her body with any hair. She had dispensed with it elsewhere. Often, she would stand naked in front of the mirror and admire herself and would wonder whether the admiration would be at least as much if others saw her. She suspected so. But she knew she would need to be careful to act on her cravings. She would have to be careful whom she risked exhibiting herself to and where.
She figured that she would start with people who were the least likely to harm her or defame her. Perhaps later she might be more daring, but always she should consider the risks. After thinking about it carefully in bed, and not a little time with fingers rather wet from her particular thoughts, she decided that she would start off with her friends, Arup and Samar. They already considered her to be a bit naïve, she was sure of that, owing to her reserved and less talkative nature. If only they knew! So, playing stupid would not be a problem. She could make an incident, an incident where she exposed herself. look accidental and unintentional. It excited her.
The next step would be chalking out a plan to execute. So here she was, not just planning but executing her plan, on the way to the ground floor to open the door for the duo, wearing nothing, absolutely nothing, but a soakedgamchha, with partially wet hair and wet body. In case you are not familiar, agamchhais basically a towel made of coarse cotton, and traditionally printed in red, green, and blue checks. As there are no loops or fluffs, it is much lighter than a towel; it is also shorter. The one she was using was also an old one. The print had turned a few shades lighter, and the threads had thinned, increasing the space between them. So, it was just a very light length of fabric.
As soon as Doyel had confirmed it was her two friends at the door, she had made a quick trip to the bathroom, removed thegamchha, stood under the shower for a few seconds wetting body and hair. Next, she had wrapped thegamchhaaround her, tying it loosely at the side below her left armpit, just at the beginning of her breasts.
Doyel went to the mirror and did a quick check. Thegamchhaclung like a second skin to her wet body, the water from her hair left droplets on her shoulders and upper chest. Thegamchhaextended from just above her breasts to just past her buttocks and, since it stuck to her body, it did not move at all, providing just enough cover for her modesty - in a way. But 'in a way' only, as the thinness of the material and its wetness meant that every contour of her body was revealed. In the mirror she could easily make out the shape of her bottom, crack and all; her deep navel, perky breasts and the poking shape of her nipples which were by now rock solid. A nice feeling.
The idea was to convince her audience that she had been late to take a shower, and had to rush out to get the door, even though in truth she had showered almost an hour back and was waiting in her outfit for the boys to arrive and rehearsing in the meantime. She could only imagine the look their faces would have, as they had seen her only in salwar suits or t-shirts and full jeans before. They had never been acquainted even with her beautiful legs, let alone the rest of the usually covered parts of her body!
Barely able to contain her excitement, she hurried down the steps and reached the door. The wooden door had a latch at the top, and there was a collapsible gate outside it which was locked from the inside. She just unlatched the door when she remembered, foolishly, she left the key to the collapsible gate upstairs on the sofa. The best laid plans of mice and men and all that! Her planning had not been complete. She also felt hergamchhashift just a little lower while unlatching. After an undecided moment, she peeked around the edge of the door and, of course, found both Arup and Samar still waiting there.
"Sorry," she said through the crack of the door, "I forgot the key upstairs. I'll just go get it. Wait here."
"Sure, no problem," Arup said for both.
She ran upstairs, found the key on the sofa, and ran back down. Just as she turned from the stairs, she realised that in her rush, she had not latched the door when she went to get the key, and it had now swung open and was ajar. The boys were still talking to each other and had yet to notice that she was already downstairs. She decided to go for it in the most casual way possible. So, she approached the collapsible gate and put the key in the lock, all the while looking at her friends out of the corner of her eye. The sound of the key going in the lock made them look in her direction. Arup was saying something to Samar and stopped mid-sentence. Doyel noticed their reaction and spoke in a very matter of fact tone, just as she had rehearsed.
"Sorry guys, I was in the shower and was almost done when I heard the bell. I thought you were the courier guy. I am expecting a parcel from Didi, you know, and the courier guys don't really wait."
"Yeah, of course, we understand!" came the reply from Samar.
The gate was unlocked by now. Doyel felt hergamchhashift just a little lower again. She decided against paying any heed to it for now but made a mental note to check it once she was upstairs. For now, she needed to be fast with the gate as it was visible from the road. Although the road to their house did not see a lot of traffic, especially during this time of the day, she did not want to take any chances. If word got out that she led two boys in, while she was alone at home, people would talk.
She opened the gate quickly, let them in, and closed the gate. Then she closed the door and latched it. Once again, she felt hergamchhago down a bit. What if it fell down completely? That would be a real accident, but it would just hurry her plan a bit. As she was working on the gate and the door, she kept noticing the boys out of the corner of her eye. She could see that both of them wore puzzled expressions, but kept looking at her undeterred, under the impression that she did not notice. They had not seen her anything like that before.
Once she was done, she intentionally took the stairs first so that they would follow her. She could not look back at them to see their expressions without giving herself away, but she looked tangentially at each of the landings and could see that both were riveted to the hem of thegamchha,she was sure despite it slipping lower they would still be getting a clear view of just the bottom of her buttocks. All made the more exciting to their male minds for being just a peek. The bottom of a cheek dipping into view beneath thegamchhaand then the other. Up and down. Had she not shaved so carefully they might even have seen a wisp of hair appearing between her legs. A very personal view. They might even have seen a dampness to the wisp though they might just have thought it was from her shower. It was thrilling just knowing where they were looking and at what.
Soon they were upstairs when she led them to her room where they usually sat and chatted.
Doyel's was a small and cosy room. She kept the arrangement spartan and quite tidy. There was a single wooden divan pressed against the corner opposite the door. This corner also had a single window, which had an insect net on it. The insect net, apart from keeping insects out, also ensured that the visibility from the outside was poor unless it was dark outside, and the room was illuminated. Doyel usually kept this window open throughout the day allowing a cooling breeze to enter. There was a computer table and a chair just next to the door. The table and chair were of composite plastic material.
Samar sat on the side of the bed next to the wall. It was his favourite spot as he could use the wall as a backrest. Arup sat on the open corner, on the other end of the width of the bed. Doyel sat on the plastic chair since she planned to get up shortly. It would be polite, and part of her plan to offer tea. While sitting, she realised that the wetgamchhaand her wet buttocks stuck to the plastic chair. She sat, crossing her legs, which now made thegamchharide up almost till the very top of her thighs. Her pussy was already tingling for a while now, a feeling which just got amped up. It had only been about five minutes since she heard them ring the bell, but she was already quite high on her fantasies and felt time move much slower.
They sat there chitchatting for a while. The boys were mostly listening rather than speaking, as it seemed they were too distracted to talk. Doyel pretended not to notice their reticence or where their eyes kept going. On occasion, one of them would utter a monosyllabic response as Doyel chatted on about this and that. It was a little out of character, but she was not in her normal character. This was her daring avatar. Meanwhile thegamchhabeing a very light fabric and the day hot and dry, Doyel soon felt it drying off. She decided to start implementing the next part of her plan.
"So, I was about to make tea. Would you guys like some?"
"Sure," replied Arup.
"I must tell you first, it will be black tea. Any issues?"
"Nope. Black tea is good," Arup again. Samar seemed to have more trouble answering while stealing glances at her.
"Okay, black tea coming up."
She stood up and started towards the kitchen, walking slightly slower than her normal pace, and with a little extra wiggle to her behind. While getting up she realised thegamchhain drying had rather stuck to the chair and it almost stayed stuck to it with her leaving without it. Almost but not quite, certainly the result was her attire shifted downwards, more modest around the thighs, rather less so around the breasts.
On the way to the kitchen, Doyel passed the hall mirror. A quick glance was all she could afford. But it was sufficient to let her know two things. One, except the region of her buttocks, almost the entiregamchhawas dry now, meaning in a short while, it would be vulnerable to manipulation by any wind movement. Secondly, the top of hergamchhahad gone sufficiently low to show almost the entirety of the top half of her breasts with a decent cleavage but not quite reveal her brown nipples -- perhaps they were holding the material up. Excellent! She had not fully appreciated what the boys had been able to see until now. Added to it, was the fact that the knot was now quite loose and would untie itself at the slightest jerk with the consequence of drygamchhafluttering to the ground.
She memorised the exact position of her dress while walking to the kitchen. This was important for the next part of her plan. Once she stepped into the kitchen, she decided to fully dry off thegamchhaso that it would be easier for her in the next steps. She ensured this by removing it and hanging it by a hook on the kitchen wall. With her back to the kitchen entrance, she lit the gas and set a kettle on it. Then it hit her -- their kitchen was a no-door kitchen, she was making tea, completely NAKED, while two boys were waiting for her in her room! She would not realise at first if someone came to the kitchen! What if one of them came down to help her? Would he wonder why thegamchhawas on the hook. Perhaps he might think it had just untied itself and she had not yet put it on. Samar or Arup would see her naked. Perhaps even now one was behind her staring, perhaps backing away to hurry back to the room as if he had not seen. The thought itself was driving her horniness to a new level. Naughty girl.
The naked girl took a few deep breaths to take control of herself and kept making tea. It was almost ready. Now was the time to put the final stage of her plan into action. She could not allow herself to back out now. The excitement, the sexual excitement of revealing herself to the two boys had taken hold. She took thegamchhaand, holding it from the corners, confirmed it was fully dry now. It was slowly moving in her hands with the wind coming in from the kitchen window. A gentle feminine fluttering. She knew for a fact that it would move upon her once she was walking in it. She pulled it around herself in exactly the same way it was when she saw herself in the mirror -- the upper end showing half of her breasts, extending till just below the beginning of her thighs. She tied the knot very loosely on the left side. She wanted it to come untied with the least friction from her arm. She wanted it to come away and flutter from her body leaving herself stark naked before the two boys. Doyel shuddered and then placed three cups of tea and some biscuits on a tray. She picked up the tray and started walking back to her room. She pulled her left arm firmly onto the knot, she did not want it failing early but to come untied just at the right time. In the corridor could hear strips of low volume conversation coming from her room. As she got closer, they became clearer:
"Was she really wearing just thatgamchha? Nothing else?"
"She didn't realise I was staring, right?"
Doyel could feel the bottom of thegamchhafluttering and exposing the top of her thighs with every step, though she knew it would not expose her pussy. Not yet anyway.
The conversation stopped as soon as she entered her room. Their eyes were transfixed on her.
With a twinkle in her eye and an innocent smile, she asks, "So what were you talking about and why did you stop?"
Both boys stammered an incoherent reply. She kept smiling and walking towards the bed. While she was still a full step away from the bed, she stopped, bent forward, and slowly moved her arms ahead to place the tray on the bed between them. This had the exact effect she desired. It was as if time itself stopped. With her left arm no longer tight against her body and thegamchha, the loose knot came undone. The ends of the thin sheet of fabric separated. She could feel the fabric slowly peel away from her skin. Once it separated from her, the lightness of the fabric took almost no time between actually being there, and not being there. What a sight she must have been for the boys! Slightly damp, open hair, that innocent face, the pronounced collarbone, the round and perky breasts, the light brown half-inch nipples (which were quite erect at this point), the flat belly, the deep navel, her long flawless legs and right there before them the bald mound of Venus all plump and camel-toe like, and t-- she certainly was a sight to behold.
The three of them were absolutely rooted in their positions for a few seconds, which felt a lot longer to each of them. Although Doyel did the planning until now, she overlooked what was to happen beyond this point of time. In the nick of time, she decided to stay confident and keep playing dumb. She took the last step and placed the tray carefully on the bed between the boys.
"Oops, sorry", as she slowly bent to pick up thegamchhathat had floated to the floor. She turned and walked briskly out of the room clutching thegamchharather foolishly but actually deliberately to her breasts rather than her bottom and giving the boys a wonderful view of her backside.
"Whoa!!", exclaimed Samar, effortfully breaking out of his reverie.
"Right.", agreed Arup.
"How did THAT happen?"
"With her intelligence, she mustn't have realised the fabric dried and the knot came undone."
"Man, I definitely want to touch those."
"And go to jail for molestation?"
"Come on, we are all adults here."
"So what? She never agreed to us touching her, or even seeing her. It was an accident."
"What if she agrees?"
"Huh!?"
"I mean, what if we ask her, or request her, and she agrees?"
"Fat chance, buddy. Why would she agree?"
"Because we will request her, why else? It might take some convincing, but why not take that chance? What if she agrees and lets us?"
"If this goes south, we could lose a good friend, and still end up in jail."
"Tell me bro, would you not like to take another look at that body of hers? If she lets us, would you not like to do a lot more things than look? We shouldn't force her, obviously. But I don't think she'd mind if we ask, and she refuses. I would of course want to have more, but I would still leave it at the wonderful glimpse I got. No hard feelings. Hey, no pun intended." Samar quietly laughed at his own joke.
"As if..."