Halloween, the most glorious time of the year. A time where people can just be free and go out, dressed in anything they want; superheroes, monsters, sexy pirates, the ideas were limitless.
It was Tabrin's favorite time of year, though for a very different reason. Sure, being a witch who can conjure up spells that can make a dozen cocks appear in front of her to suck off was fun, and she had been to a few orgies every now and then, but it started to grow... stale. Something was missing in her naughty, nightly affairs.
That is, until Halloween came around. And though she didn't know it at first, this year was going to be extra special.
It was a chilly night this year, perfect for a night of flying. The cold wind nipping away at her breasts made her nipples hard already. Soaring through the skies on her broom, Tabrin watched as the people were enjoying the festive holiday; kids were out Trick-or-Treating, adults were out partying, and some nice elderly people just excited over the costumes the little kiddies were wearing. It was a nice scene for Tabrin, but she had her own reasons for enjoying Halloween.
That reason, was just up ahead.
At the top of the hill, stood a castle, one no-one dared go near. Rumor had it, a vampire lived inside, and while the idea did intrigue Tabrin, she could never muster up the courage to check it out herself. That is, until she got a surprising invitation this night.
Dear Tabrin,
How are you, love? I hope you're doing well. I'm writing you this letter as an invitation to my Queen's Halloween party this year. I've told her a lot about you, and she's very excited to meet you. Dress in your sexiest outfit tonight, and head on over to the castle at the top of the hill. I can't wait to see you!
Love, Cody.
It was a surprising twist to see Cody's name at the end. They had their occasional meet-up's and all-night fun (she can still remember that clone orgy not too long ago, the thought still gets her wet), so knowing he was the one who invited her to meet this Queen of his, was both curious and exciting!
She garbed her sexiest, most revealing outfit for the night, and headed over to the castle. When she landed her broom at the doorstep, she was taken aback by how truly large it was. Stepping up to the entrance, Tabrin knocked, and backed away when the doors suddenly opened by themselves.
Leaving her broom at the door, she walked in, taking in the beautiful architecture inside; paintings, black marble pillars, beautiful red curtains, just the entrance itself was huge!
She reached the staircase, and noticed a door at the very top. Curious as to where it went, she ascended the stairs, but stopped when she heard something. It was muffled. Quietly, she opened the door to peek inside, and what she saw made her gasp.
In the most spacious room imaginable, at the very center where a stone tablet was the only thing in there aside from the pillars, was Cody. He was naked, and breathing heavily. In front of him, on her knees, was what Tabrin assumed to be the Queen, also naked. Even from here, Tabrin could see how magnificent her body was, her ass was especially enticing. But more importantly, Tabrin could see her head moving back and forth, a smile etched on Cody's face with every moan she muffled out.
The Queen removed his cock from her mouth, "Oh, darling..." her voice was so sultry, "I know we said we'd wait for Tabrin, but I just couldn't help it. I'm sorry for getting too excited."
"That's okay, Lethia." Cody said, looking down at her. "If I know Tabrin, she'd love to watch us first."
"Mmmm, perhaps she's already here."
Tabrin didn't know what was freakier, the fact that they probably knew she was there, or that she was already rubbing her pussy at the sight of them.
"Well then, let's give her a show, shall we?" Cody asked, and Tabrin watched as he picked up his Queen and turned her back to him, giving Tabrin a better view.
The Queen was gorgeous! She had long, wavy red hair cut at the sides, mesmerizing jade green eyes, a beautiful big pair of tits, and such a slender body, Cody couldn't help but run his fingers over it. She didn't seem to mind, though, judging by the lustful moan she gave.
"Ohh, Cody! I love the way you touch me."
Tabrin was getting wetter by the second. As much as she wanted to join in, she was enjoying the show. God, if only that were her.
Cody's hands were already on Lethia's nipple and pussy. Lethia's excited gasps only reminded Tabrin of when she and Cody would fuck. She remembered his hands pulling at her nipples, his fingers sliding inside her wet pussy so easily it almost made her cum, his lips and tongue snaking their way up her neck to whisper dirty things in her ear. Just like how he was doing to Lethia.
"Ooh, I'm so wet." Lethia whispered, and looked to Cody. "Please, darling, put your cock in me!"
Cody obliged, "As you wish." and pushed her to the ground. Now, on her hands and knees, Lethia giggled with excitement. Tabrin could finally see Cody's erect cock standing at attention, so desperately wishing she could suck on it right now.
Now on his knees, Cody grabbed Lethia by her waist, steadily gripping his cock, and slowly slide it inside her, making her gasp with such excitement, Tabrin started to rub herself faster.
Slowly, Cody smacked his hips against Lethia's ass, each thrust making her more and more wet. His cock fit perfectly inside her pussy. No matter how many times they fucked, she always found pleasure- in his thrusts, in his rough hands, his hot breathe on her ear.
"You like that, don't you?"
"Yes!" she exclaimed. "Fuck me more, Cody! Faster! Harder!"
"As you wish."
Cody obeyed her command, fucking Lethia harder and faster, the Queen's exhilarating moans driving him wild.
"Yes! Yes! Oh, yes! Darling, don't stop! Fuck me! Make me your Queen-bitch!"
Tabrin's whole body was on fire. She had never seen a Queen so... submissive before! It was actually turning her on even more. Her pussy was practically dripping at this point. She could swear there was a puddle beneath her. She didn't notice, though. Her eyes were glued to the sight of Cody pulling at his Queen's hair. God, she was so close. And she was only watching! She could only imagine what it would be like to be a part of that.
Thoughts started swirling around in her head. Cody would lick her body all over while Lethia would play with her nipples. While she rode Lethia's face, she would suck Cody's cock. God, just imagining his cock deep inside her was enough to make her want to join right then and there!
"That's it, darling. Fuck my pussy! Fuck me like you would Tabrin!"
Fuck, was she reading her mind or something?!
"Oh, Cody! I think I'm... I think I'm nearly there! Ohh, I'm going to cum!"
"Me, too!"
Lethia pushed herself to press her back against Cody's chest, looking deep into his eyes, "Cum with me, my love!"
In a deep, sensual kiss, both Cody and Lethia came to climax, Cody's arms wrapped tightly around his Queen, and Lethia's hand pressed on the back of his head to deepen their kiss. It was so raw, so sensual, Tabrin felt her body ready to give way. When she saw those few, final thrusts from Cody, that was it.
"Oh, God, I'm cumming! OHH!"
Startled, both Lethia and Cody finally took notice of the door, which had somehow swung open... when Tabrin pushed it at the height of her own orgasm.
"Tabrin?"
Weak, dripping cum, and horny, Tabrin still let out a little wave, "Hi, Cody."
At first, Tabrin expected Lethia to be mad at her for interrupting their lovely session. But surprisingly, she just smiled.
"Oh, darling! That's Tabrin?!"
Cody nodded, smiling himself, "Yes, it is."
Everything happened so fast, Tabrin had no clue what it was. One minute, she was sitting on the floor, the next, she was standing in front of the two naked lovers, almost as if she were teleported.
Lethia gasped, taking very seductive steps around her, ogling every inch. "Darling... you never told me Tabrin was so..." she ran a slender finger down Tabrin's bare chest and cleavage, and said with such lust, "...voluptuous."
Now standing in front of her, Tabrin realized the fangs in the Queen's mouth, and could finally see what Lethia truly was: a vampire! When she looked at Cody, his smile ever present, she noticed the same fangs, too.
"Cody? Are... are you a... vampire?" she asked, in disbelief.
Cody only nodded, "Yes, I am, love. Lethia's the one who bit me."
Lethia giggled as she wrapped her arms around Cody's neck, "Mmm, and what an amazing sire I made."
"When did this happen?" Tabrin asked, still not believing.
"Relax, Tabrin. It was about a month ago, and I was very hungry, in more ways than one. I saw potential in him." still seeing the skepticism on Tabrin's face, she reassured the sexy witch, "Don't worry, I don't own him. He's free to do whatever he wants... and more importantly, who he wants."
Tabrin noticed Lethia's leering eyes on her body, stopping directly at her soaked panties.
"Mmm, someone enjoyed the show."
Tabrin's face felt hot all of a sudden, "Well... you two were already going at it. And it looked so hot, I didn't want to interrupt."
"Oh, Tabrin..." Lethia sauntered over, and placed a gentle hand on Tabrin's cheek. "If you wanted to join us, all you had to do was ask. Tell you what, how about we have some fun, huh?"
"What kind of fun?" Tabrin wondered.
"Cody's told me so much about you. I'm curious to see how true the stories ring. And I can tell you're just aching for a good fuck right now. What do you say, you..." Lethia's body was now pressed against Tabrin's, their nipples harder than ever. "...and me?"
Whether it was the intoxicating lust in Lethia's eyes, off the high from her pussy play from before, or the excitement at the thought of getting fucked by a sexy vampire, Tabrin only had one thing to say.
"Fuck, yes!"