Hi, Madam Lisa again. This is day three of the ongoing story of my real life sub and myself. I have changed only the names of those involved. I do not mention any locations by name, but I will assume some of you will be able to figure them out. Please read P1 and 2 as doing so will help you follow along.
***
Recap. Yesterday I found my subs ex-girlfriend, flashed some men, had my sub commando all day, watched my friend from high school give a lucky man a BJ in his truck outside a shoe store and tied my sub up after giving her a nice dinner. Wow what a day.
I am looking forward to today. It's Sunday and no one has to go to work. By time I woke up sub had already made coffee and was working on breakfast. The sun is out, the birds are chirping, drapes are closed and sub is in the kitchen only wearing her collar and butt plug.
I gather up and cleaned our toys from last night and put them back into the basket. Then put the basket in the trunk of my car. Today's plans are to have sub expose herself in some unusual ways, and also to get some lucky man get laid.
We started the day with breakfast and coffee. Sub made cinnamon rolls. We washed up and cleaned the kitchen. We got dressed, well I did. I wore a knee length black skirt and gold silk blouse with matching flats and purse. As usual I went commando. I had sub wear a see through blouse and the skirt I bought yesterday, along with her collar, plug, and remote vibrator. We went to her place to get some of her things.
When we got there we were met by her roommate who was pissed about her not paying her part of the bills. Go figure, a 22 tear old with a minimum wage job having money problems. I asked about her lease contract and how much she owed and for what. It turns out she owed a months rent, actually half a months rent for two months, and another hundred and fifty in electric, gas and water. Total seven hundred and fifty dollars. She had three months left on her lease. I talked to the roommate, who had calmed down now, and agreed to let her out of her lease if she would pay what she owed and move out. I suspected the roommate already had some one else in mind to move in.
We went to her room and started going through her things. God her clothes were awful. I could not comprehend how someone who worked at a dress shop could own this many ugly ill-fitting clothes. I threw most of them out. We boxed up what I was going to allow her to bring to my house, which wasn't much. I had her take them down to my car. While she did that I gave her roommate the money she was owed and asked if it would be alright if I sent some friends over the next day to box the rest of her things and take them away. With cash in hand she agreed. I had sub surrender her apartment keys and we left for the mall in the city to get new clothes and have some fun.
I told sub she was now in my debt and she was do everything I asked of her without question or hesitation.
"Yes, Mistress." she said timidly .
I told her to repeat my orders to which she replied "Mistress, I. " I stop her right there and corrected her "you will refer to yourself as this sub, begin again."
Softly she said "Mistress, this sub will do as Mistress orders without question or hesitation."
Louder I demanded.
With determination she said "Mistress, this sub will do as Mistress orders without question or hesitation."
"Good, now strip." she removed her clothes as we drove down the road. A couple of cowboy types in a pickup got a good eyeful and gave her thumbs up. They followed us for a couple of blocks then turned off. They flashed their headlights as they turned. Sub was blushing and I was smiling as they did that.
I decided to get a cola and pulled into a drive-thru. I asked sub what she wanted, but she was to nervous to answer me. I ordered and pulled forward to pay. The young girl at the cash window only looked at me when I went to pay, never acknowledging my nude passenger. The young man, who handed me drink, almost fell over when he saw sub. Sub was now trying to hide in her seat so I asked the young man if he wanted a picture. He declined saying his phone was in his locker and they could not have them on them at work. I told him to bad and slowly drove away.
We made it to the mall without further incident. I pulled into the parking structure. I gave sub her clothes and instructions. One you to visit every store in the mall except women's clothing stores. Two you are to go to the back of each of these stores bend over and touch your toes. Three you are not to adjust yourself or clothes until you exit the store. Four you will not talk to or resist anyone for any reason, unless you are addressed specifically. Five I will be watching you at all times. I will give you additional permissions if need arises. Six you will flash a minimum of five men and one woman. "Do you understand these instructions?"
"Yes, Madam." she said with a smile.
The mall walk begins. In the first few stores she was not noticed by anyone. The mall had just opened and most shoppers would not be here for awhile. Most employees were going about their daily opening routine.
I decided to see if I could get anyone to notice her so I turned on her vibrator. It worked like a charm. The second I turned it on she jumped and a female clerk ask her if she was "Ok." Sub said she was and continued onto her task. She gave the clerk a clear view on her bright and shiny butt plug when she went to touch her toes. One woman down five men to go. So far so good as the clerk did not call mall security.
The next few stores were a bust, I had her vibrator turned of and even ask a clerk to help me find something right beside sub and he did not even notice. I was getting upset at how oblivious some people can be.
The next store had potential. It was a sporting goods store with a rock wall for climbing. The man who was in charge of the climbing wall looked to be in his late 30's early 40's and he was built. Sub told me she would like a slice of that beefcake and I agreed to help make it happen. I ordered sub to put on the harness and climb as high as she could, then freeze and pretend to be stuck. I also told her to make them rescue her.
Sub climbed up two thirds of the way. High enough that when you looked up you could clearly see her naked ass and shiny plug. She started in with "I'm scared" and "I can't move" along with that she started crying. The man tried to talk her down so I stepped in with "OH MY GOD! What are you doing up there? You know you are afraid of heights!" The man looked at me and ask "Really!?" I said yes she was, but she has been trying to get over it. He was already in a harness so he grabbed a rope and went up after her. When he grabbed her and she wrapped herself around him holding on for dear life. He got her down safely and she still hung onto him as he laid her down on the mat. I helped him get loose from her and was then able to whisper to her "faint." She did, I almost believed it myself. He did as I thought he would and carried her into the back room. I went with her. He offered to get her some water and left the room. This gave me the opportunity to have her remove her plug and vibrator.
When he got back with the water sub was still lying down. You could see her breasts through the thin blouse. He started to remove the harness and noticed she was not wearing panties. Sub was pretending to be groggy so I said, loud enough for him to hear, "He saved you. Make sure you thank him properly." Then made my an excuse about getting something out of our car and left them alone.
When I returned sub was still in the back room. Our "hero" was back on the floor with a big smile on his face. I got his permission to go back and he escorted me. I told him how much I appreciated his help and asked if their was anyway I could repay him. He said no and it was "all part of his job." When we got to the back room sub was resting on the mat. I asked sub if she had "thanked our hero" and she said "I hope so Ms. Lisa." With that I told sub to sit up and thank him again.
Sub sat up on her knees reached up and undid our hero's belt buckle. He was stunned she was doing this in front of me. I asked him to relax she needs to learn to thank you properly. After all she does owe you her life and I owe you for saving my friend. He said he did not know about all that, but by then she already had his cock in her mouth. At this point he stopped resisting and started to enjoy his second blow job from sub. I went over and locked the door. I removed subs blouse and skirt then had her lay on her back and spread her legs. Our hero did not miss a beat and drove his cock into subs pussy balls deep. Sub lifted her legs up and grabbed her ankles. She start to moan and encourage him to go faster and harder. He lasted about ten minutes the came inside her. I told sub "Clean him up with your mouth." She did as instructed and lapped up every last drop of cum on him. He laid on the mat, with his cock still out, exhausted. I told sub to clean up the mat, get dressed and go clean yourself up in the sink.
As sub was busy doing as I told her I sat down beside our hero and asked him if he thought he had been thanked properly while I gently played with his cock. He said that he had. He started to get hard again so I told him I thought he was lying and gave his now hard cock a squeeze. I bent over and wrapped my lips around his cock. I began slowly running my tongue down his shaft stopping only for a moment at his balls. I took his balls into my mouth and then ran my tongue up the other side. I flicked the tip of his cock with the tip of my tongue then swallowed the whole thing at once. I could feel his cock in my throat. I almost gagged it was so thick. Knowing he was exhausted, I lifted up my skirt and road him for all he was worth cowgirl style. This time he lasted a good twenty minutes before he came inside me.
I called sub over to clean us both up with her mouth. She started with him giving him yet another blow job, but this time his well was dry. By the time she got to me I was ready to go again. Our hero got to enjoy the show of her using her skillful tongue to bring me to another orgasm. I looked over to our hero and asked "Have been thanked properly now?" He laid back and said "Hell Yes!"
It was now time for lunch and the mall was crowded. We said good bye to our hero and headed to the food court. Once there we slipped into the restroom and I reinserted subs plug and vibrator. We washed up and went to get some food. As we ate I informed sub that she had to still flash 4 more men. I came up with a simple plan. I told sub to go to the water fountain by the restroom get a drink and and at the same time flash the man standing there waiting for his wife.
Sub unbuttoned the top four buttons of her her blouse and walked over to the fountain. The man spotted her about twenty feet away from there as she walked toward him. She bent over the lower fountain so her breasts would fall out. I could tell he got a good look as he said "Damn Gurel" as she bent over. Sub quickly put the girls back in her blouse and retreated into the restroom. I waited for him to leave and went to give sub the all clear.
We finished lunch and went to the mall map. I counted four more store to go before her toe touch task was complete and three more men to flash. I made sure we did not go into any kid friendly stores like the arcade or toy stores or any family stores either. This made the list a lot shorter but less likely we would get caught by mall security or worse the local police. It was dangerous enough with sub wearing a thin blouse.
The next store would be tricky. I was an electronics/computer/cell phone store. I went in first and made sure there were no minors or cameras around. There were cameras but no children. I told sub to skip the toe touches and flash the salesman wearing the black polo shirt as he look to be one of the managers. We went in together and pretended to look for a new phone. One with a better camera. We waited until the manager was free and I engaged him in conversation. Subs blouse was still unbuttoned from before so all she had to do was lean over the counter. As she did her blouse opened and he got a good view of her breasts without her letting them fall out. He blushed a little and cleared his throat. I smiled at him and told him we had more shopping to do then we left.
Three men down two to go. The next store was easy. Its a vape shop, no minors allowed. Also lots of young men. Sub just walked in, went to the back, bent over and touched her toes. She flashed everyone in the place. I counted seven guys and three women. We could have skipped the rest of the mall, but what fun would that have been.
Two more stores for toe touches to go. The next one is an eye glass store. Sub went to the back and waited for everyone to be busy, bent over and done.
Last store was a jewelry repair store. Cameras everywhere. No place to hide. Minors with their parents. I called this one off.
Now for some clothes shopping for sub and sex for both of us. Now that I threw most of them out I must replace them. This is going to cost me and I have already spent eight hundred dollars on her today. But fortune smiles on me as I always do my homework. In this mall is a large clothing store run by a lipstick lesbian manager. She likes to hire from the LGBT community. A perfect place for someone like myself to shop and feel safe from judgement. Also they are lax about what couples do in the privacy of the dressing rooms as long as you don't disturb the other customers .
If you can figure out where this place is I highly recommend it no matter what you orientation is. They have great clothes, decent prices, and a helpful friendly staff and best of all no judgement even if you are straight. OK, back to the story.
We walk in the front door and are immediately greeted by by a good looking woman I will call Sara and a slender, but fit, young man I will call Dave. He looks like a Dave to me and I told him so. He has a good sense of humor. Sara said to sub and I quote "Oh my god, you get in here right now. We have to fix that outfit of yours immediately." I smiled as I knew she was telling the truth. Dave said they would take good care of her "the poor thing."
I told them we needed five work outfits, dress casual, and some evening wear. We also need stockings, panties and bras. Mostly because I threw all of hers away this morning, but I didn't tell them that part.
They took us to the back to the seamstress to get her measured. We met with the manager who put us in a private dressing room suite.
Sara asked what size bra my sub wore and I told her we did not know but she was wearing a 38 D. Sara giggled and told us no way she was a 38 D she looked more like 40 E or even a 42 E. Sara measured sub and sure enough she was right on with the 40 E.
Because we were in a private suite I had sub leave the inner changing room door open so I could watch her reaction as she put on the beautiful clothes I was buying her. No one even batted an eye as I had sub naked in front of everyone. Very professional.
First Sara brought us some bras to try. She even found some that matched her skin tone. Then Dave brought us panties and stockings. He has very good taste. Next Sara brought the business casual dresses. Mostly plain, but a few with pin stripes or patterns. Dave brought us a glass of white wine. grapes and cheese. The next dresses Sara brought us were evening wear. Sub looked gorgeous. After we picked out the dresses we liked the seamstress came in and marked all of them for tailoring.
I had sub remain nude in the dressing room suite as I went with Dave and Sara to settle the bill. I turned o her vibrator as I left. As sub makes minimum wage I did not want her to know how much this just cost me. I have fallen for sub and money is just an obstacle this early in a relationship.
When I returned sub was doing her best not to cum. Sara smiled at me and asked if I had done this. I fessed up and we had a good laugh. Sub pleaded with me to let her cum. I turned off the vibrator and went to talk to Sara alone.
As it happens Sara liked her Sir and had never been with nor ever wanted to be with a Madam. I told her I understood her feelings on the issue. Serving a Sir can be very different than a Madam. So I asked her if she had ever been with a woman. She was hesitant to answer so I took her back to see sub and turned her vibrator back on. I told Sara that sub would do anything I asked of her including take care of you. All I asked in return was she have a good time and offered her the remote.
Sara decided to go for it and took the remote from me. Sub was begging me to let her cum. I told sub she had to make Sara cum first. Sub lowered her eyes and got on her knees in front of Sara. Sub then asked Sara how she could please her. Sara removed her dress and panties and offered sub her pussy. Sub used her tongue with amazing skill and brought Sara to her first orgasm in a matter of a few minutes. Sara forgot about the remote and left it on as she had her second then third orgasm. Sara was in the middle of multiple orgasms when her manager Tina walked in. I forgot to lock the door. Tina did not say a word and watched as Sara enjoyed herself.
After Sara collapsed Tina spoke up and asked if this was my doing? I told her it was and that it was just a reward for Sara for doing such a wonderful job. Tina saw the remote on the floor and picked it up. Subs eyes got big as she thought we were in trouble. Tina was cool about it and asked if I was going to let my sub cum or not. I told Tina that she could now that she has pleased Sara. Tina handed me the remote and asked if she could see her cum.
I told sub she had permission to cum now and sub immediately complied. Sub slide her vibrator in and out of her pussy a few times and exploded in an orgasm. Tina asked how long sub had been on the brink and I told her it had been at least thirty minutes. Tina smiled, told Sara to collect herself and get back out to the sales floor. Tina told us we are welcome back anytime we wanted and she would see to it we get a private room.
Its starting to get late now and the mall has closed. My car was the only one left. As we entered the parking structure I saw the guard making his rounds. He was about 24 years old, GI hair cut and looked like he just got his uniform freshly pressed. He stopped to ask us if we were doing alright. I told him we were. He was nice and polite. Not a dick like I might of expected. We chatted for awhile and I found out he was the only one working the garage tonight. He also let me know it takes him about ten minutes to make a full round of the garage.
As soon as he rounded the corner I had sub strip. We walked to my car and I got out the cuffs, padlocks, cordage and blindfold. I put all this on sub. Making her kneel beside the car. Her hands cuffed behind her back and ankles cuffed to her hands I set the timer for five minutes. With the blindfold in place she could not see what was going on. If the guard was on time he would be here to see the padlocks release. If her was late he might get to see a nude sub running for the car or not at all.
The first time he was late and missed sub altogether. I reset the padlocks for ten minutes and had her in the same spot. This time I also timed him. It took him twelve minutes. He missed sub again. I decided it was time to leave as I didn't want him to get suspicious.
I the car I got an idea. I called my friend Donna to see what she was up to. She and her sub boy-toy were at the lake and invited us over. They were having a cookout. Perfect. The lake is on private property so we won't be interrupted. I did not let sub get dressed for the ride, but I did take her cuffs off. I had her keep the blindfold on.
When we got to the cabin Donna came out to greet us. She was wearing her black leather body suite so I knew tonight's entertainment would be good. She ask if I would keep my subs blindfold on. I cuffed her hands behind her back and placed her ball gag on then walked her around back. Donna had her sub in tight short shorts, leather halter top, sissy chastity belt, pink butt plug, spiked collar, leather cuffs and full leather mask with a zipper over his mouth.
Donna suggested I have my sub impale herself in her large 12" suction cup dildo.
I suggested we put her in the sex swing. She is my sub so I won that argument. I told sub what we were planning and she was begging to do it. Sub had been vibed the entire trip to the lake and was very wet and close to orgasm. I removed her plug and vibrator, escorted her to the swing and strapped her in.
Donna got down and started to eat her out while I put on my strap-on. It did not take long before sub was enjoying multiple orgasms because of Donna's talented tongue.
Now it was my turn at sub. I change things up on her by inserting an anal vibrator. I switched out my normal "realistic" fun boy peg for my ripple vibrating peg. I could hear sub scream in pleasure through her gag as I drove the peg into her waiting pussy. The combination of the ripples and vibration along with the motion of it sliding in and out made her looses control and begging for more.
Donna removed her gag and offered her pussy to sub. Sub lapped up Donna's pussy with vigor, bringing Donna to orgasm quickly.
The fun lasted for over an hour. Sub was exhausted and so was Donna. We had Donna's sub/slave, Fifi, get sub down as I removed all of her restraints, toys and blindfold. Sub was very happy and was in a state of euphoria after prolonged multiple orgasms she just endured. Donna was now half asleep leaving me still wanting. Donna offered use of Fifi to me and told him to get me off.
This is my first experience with a sissy slut. I started by having Fifi lick my pussy. I soon found that Donna had trained him well. He knew exactly how to satisfy me. I short order I had cum twice and he was still going at it. He also stuck his tongue in my back door. I had never had someone do this for me before and it felt wonderful. My juices were flowing and before I knew it he had made me squirt. I had never squirted that hard before. Yes, Donna did know how to to train her sissy.
Donna was now rested and I was enjoying Fifi's expertise when I saw that Donna had put on my strap-on. She had put on my largest twelve inch peg. I call it the black monster. She put some lube on it and without warning impaled Fifi. He reached back and spread his cheeks to give Donna better access to his back door. Fifi did not miss a beat with his tongue and kept his rhythm bringing to yet another orgasm. We continued until I almost passed out with pleasure.
After I had rested, Fifi brought us all some chilled white wine and grapes. Sub and I were both nude. Donna was in her leather body suit and Fifi had his mask back on. Sub was casually playing with my pussy as Fifi brought us supper. We watched the sunset and then prepared to go home.
A perfect end to a wonderful day.