My name is Allison, and this is my story about my first experiences at a swing club.
I turned 18 in the early spring of my senior year. While I wasn't a virgin, I also wasn't promiscuous. I had given a few hand and blowjobs, had my kitty eaten, but had only had full intercourse twice. Once was with my boyfriend the night before he moved away, the night I lost my virginity. He was also the recipient of the aforementioned hand and blowjobs. And the second time was at a party, a cute college guy had caught my interest. I wasn't a prude, I certainly enjoyed and desired sex, I just didn't find anyone that really "did it for me," so to speak. I made it a point to go on the pill before I started having sex. Both times condoms were used, I just wasn't taking chances.
I stand at 4'11', weigh an even 100 pounds, I have curly light brown hair that sits just past my shoulders, and full C cup breasts. I've played soccer for most of my life and was quite toned with all of my curves right where they were supposed to be. I always had a healthy attitude towards sex. I love reading erotic stories and quite often masturbate imagining myself in them. All sorts, I don't really have a favorite type, it's all about the imagery. It can be male/female, lesbian, gay male, bi sexual, threeway, gangbang, slut wife, BDSM, anything really. If it's hot, I'm in.
It had been just my Dad and I for the last 6 years. We lost my Mom to cancer. It was a tough time, but we were able to manage. Dad and I made it a point to both seek out therapy to deal with the grief and I truly believe we've both come out stronger on the other side. We're a little distant with each other, but still close, if that makes any sense.
It was through my waitressing job at a busy local restaurant that I had first heard about the club. A local swing club that seemed to be rather popular in that community. It wasn't unusual on a Friday or Saturday night to have at least one table having a conversation about going there for fun. Not a conversation I was involved in, but you just can't help but overhear things, you know? Anyway, one night there was this attractive, mid 40s(probably) couple that I overheard talking about it. My curiosity got the better of me and I decided to ask about it.
They were more than happy to tell me about it, where it was, what it was like, the phone number, everything I could need. I had found out it was what's called an "on-premise" club, it was bring your own alcohol, open to couples and single females only, and 18 and over. I was curious about the age limit, given the alcohol. They told me that the bar area was separate from the rest of the club, and was the only spot where alcohol was allowed to be consumed. The club used wristbands that would allow or disallow access to that area. For me, being under 21, I would have a red wristband. That made sense.
What I found most intriguing though was the fact that neither of them tried to hit on me in any way at all. They treated me like an adult, answered my questions, made me feel at ease. They were both very nice and fun to talk to. And they were good tippers! After they left, my decision was made. I was going to check out that club the following weekend.
That Friday after school I had made hair and nail appointments, and got a full body wax. I had no expectations of what the night would bring, but I always loved feeling pretty. Waxing was something I had discovered a few years earlier, being involved in athletics like I was it always felt better with smooth skin. My Dad wouldn't be home, he worked in Finance and travelled quite a bit for his job. I showered, did my makeup, and got dressed. The club had a dress code, which I liked. It wasn't nearly as strict for women as it was for men, but I wanted to look good. So I had chosen a tight little black dress and 4" platforms. The dress was simple. It sat just above mid thigh, was backless, and tied behind my neck. Sexy without being slutty or trashy. I hadn't planned on wearing a bra -- being 18 does have some advantages! I decided to skip the panties as well, the dress was very form fitting.
I got to the club around 9:30 that night. The parking lot was a bit more than half full. I made my way inside and handed my ID to the girl at the desk. She looked at it, looked at me, then called the club manager over to look at it. He told her it checked out, so I paid my entry fee, got my wristband, and headed in. I took advantage of the included lockbox service and left my tiny purse at the desk.
Once inside I made my way through the lounge area and headed towards the music. I was in the mood to dance and the DJ was killing it. The dance floor was a bit crowded, with people of all ages bumping and grinding, some clothes missing here and there, and a really fun vibe. I had never experienced anything like this before, but it just felt really natural. I worked my way into the crowd and started moving. It wasn't long before I felt a man press up behind me and move with me. I pushed my ass back into him playfully, gave a few wiggles and danced away. Next was a woman in her 30s, a few extra pounds but very pretty. She came up in front of me and shimmied down and back up my body. She leaned over and said that I was very sexy, and she hoped to see more of me later.
I spent a few more minutes out there dancing and grinding with some others and then made my way over to the juice bar. After getting a drink, I looked around the room and saw a man sitting by himself against the wall who I thought I recognized. I made my way over and was a little shocked.
"Mr. Greene?"
"Hello Allison," he said, as he stood up and extended his hand to me. "Very nice to see you." Mr. Greene was my math teacher from Junior year. He was late 40s, salt and pepper hair, broad shouldered and had a slight belly. A good looking man overall. "That dress looks simply fantastic on you. What brings you here tonight?'
"Curiosity, mostly." I replied, as i took his hand and sat down. He sat back down, next to me. "What about you?"
"My wife and I are members. We come here from time to time for a bit of fun." He pointed her out on the dance floor, a 5'6" voluptuous blonde who was making out quite passionately with a rather buff man. "Looks like she's made a new friend."
I found the scene quite erotic, and felt a flush come over me. There she was, a married woman openly being groped and fondled by another man right in front of her husband, just like in the stories. It was SO hot! I felt myself envious of her, how sexy it must be to know your husband is ok with wherever that was heading! "O wow! They're really getting into it, Mr. Greene! You don't mind watching this?" I asked.
"No, I don't," he said. "It's quite erotic really, watching her lose control like she is. This club allows us to live out our fantasies and get all the satisfaction that we crave. She loves really big cocks, and group fun. She can easily get both here." As he was speaking, another not near as buff guy moved in behind her and started grinding against her ass while sliding his hands up and over her breasts. The look of lust in her eyes was amazing. After about another minute of this, she broke away and led them both off the dance floor down a hallway on the other side of the room.
"Where are they going?" I asked.
"They're heading to the playrooms. Those two men are in for the night of their lives," he said. Once they were out of sight, I turned my attention back to Mr. Greene. He didn't seem at all troubled at the fact that his wife was about to be ravaged by two horny men. In fact he looked calm and content in the knowledge. For the first time, he seemed attractive to me. That demeanor, his obvious confidence was very sexy.
"Mr. Greene, what do you do while she's having her fun here? Do you just wait for her to finish?"
"Sometimes I do. Sometimes I connect with someone, or a couple, and we make our way to the playrooms and have our own fun. Sometimes I watch her, or others enjoying themselves. It depends on the vibe." I took a minute to look at him more closely. He was wearing a button down shirt and tie, and a pair of grey dress pants that were being tented by a very obvious erection.
"Well Mr. Greene, by the looks of things I'd say there's a certain vibe happening in your pants tonight," I said, laughing a little.
"Oh shit! I'm sorry Allison, you must think I'm a creepy old man," he said as he adjusted himself, looking a little embarrassed.
"Nothing could be further from the truth," I said. "First, you're not old. And I just saw the most erotic thing I've ever seen transpire right in front of me. Believe me, if I had a dick, it'd be hard!" With that he laughed a bit too.
"I'm assuming this is your first time here, can I show you around?" He asked.
"Sure, Mr. Greene, I'd like that!" We got up and I took his arm as he gave me an impromptu tour of the club. He showed me everything, the showers, the dungeon, the open play area, and the private rooms. There were all sorts of things going on in each area. The open play area was interesting. It had a small conference table in the center, some mattresses around the floor, and chairs and couches against the walls. People were playing, watching, just enjoying themselves. I noticed some checking us out as we walked through. Along the way he introduced me to some people that he knew from the club. They were all very nice and friendly, I felt very comfortable there.
"So Allison," he said, "why are you really here tonight? Is there something you're hoping to find?"
"Honestly, no," I replied. "I'm a bit inexperienced sexually, but I have an overactive imagination and a very healthy appetite for smut." This brought more laughter. "I guess I'm looking to start really exploring." At this point we were in the hallway of the private rooms. We had watched a few groups and couples playing through the windows, and I'm sure he was feeling as turned on as I was by that point. He directed me into an empty room and closed the door behind us. He stood behind me and put his hands on my waist, leaned over and whispered in my ear, "I think it's time I explored you." That caused a slight gasp to escape my lips, but I showed no resistance at all. With that he brought his hands up to the tie on my dress, undid it and let it drop to the floor. I now stood totally naked in front of him, wearing just my heels. He turned me around, eyeing me top to bottom, that confidence of his smoldering in his eyes. I was so wet! At this point, he took total control.
"Get on your knees, Allison. Get my cock in your mouth," he commanded. I didn't hesitate, I dropped down in front of him, undid his belt and zipper, let his pants fall followed by his boxer briefs. His cock sprang to attention in front of my face. It stood an impressively thick 7 inches. Let me assure you, when you're a petite 4'11", that's HUGE!
"Mr. Greene," I said, "you're so big! I've never seen one this big before." I wasn't lying either. He just stared down at me, grabbed a handful of my hair and guided my mouth to his cock. When he had me firmly in place, he started rocking his hips, fucking my mouth slowly while taking off his shirt and tie. He was so hard, my mouth was so full! He fed me his cock at his own pace, each time trying to get more and more into my throat. I wanted so badly to please him, I don't know what was coming over me. I had never once given thought to anything ever happening with any of my teachers, and here I was, naked on my knees at a sex club, with Mr. Greene's hard cock being pushed into my throat. My pussy was dripping at this point.
I couldn't take much of him that way at all, not for lack of trying. I was just too inexperienced, I had never tried to deep throat anyone before. And it didn't help that my mouth was barely big enough to accommodate him. When he had his fill, he pulled me off his cock and dragged me by my hair over to the bed. He threw me down on my back, and my legs just instinctively knew to spread and raise themselves for him. He didn't wait, lined himself up with my tiny pussy and rammed himself home in one stroke. It hurt, but not in a bad way. I was fully impaled on him and wanted to be nowhere else. He pulled back and drove all the way in again and my head fell to the side. This was the first time I noticed we had an audience!
There had to be 6, maybe 8 or so people standing outside the window to our room looking in, talking, laughing, watching my fresh young body being used and on full display like a common whore. That thought was more than I could take and I immediately started having an earth shattering orgasm, wailing and screaming like a bitch in heat! It was transformational. The crowd cheered a bit and that spurred Mr. Greene on. Next thing I knew, he had the heel of his left hand shoved down into my chest, and with his right hand he was gripping my left thigh, pressing it tight against his ribcage. I was pinned and helpless like this, I couldn't move, and he took full advantage. He got up on his knees taking my ass off the bed with him, and started ramming all of him into me, sending wave after wave of pleasure shooting through my body. I must've had 5 more orgasms, one right after the other, my body wracked with shudders, wailing, cursing, screaming. I never knew sex could be like this.
The whole time he was calling me filthy names, like slut and whore, telling me that all I was good for was taking dick, that he was going to use me however he wanted to. I had never been Dominated before, and I was finding it to be an insane turn on! I knew I was going to need more of this. He told me he was going to fill my slutty cunt with his cum, and I found myself yelling at him, begging him to fill me up.
"Get ready, I'm going to fill that slut cunt," he said in a growl.
"Yes Mr. Greene, PLEASE!! Please fill me. I want your cum so bad!" He thrusted 2 more times, then held himself all the way in me while his cock jerked and spasmed. He let out a guttural roar as he filled me with his seed, emptying his balls deep within me. It never even occurred to me to have him use a condom, and I'm so glad he didn't. That feeling sent me over the edge one more time, and I came all over his cock as he shot all of his cum inside of me. Our audience started to wander off at this point, and soon after we were both spent and alone.
I was a sweaty heaving mess, utterly satisfied, in a bit of a daze. He finally pulled out with what felt like a river of cum following him, and collapsed on the bed next to me. I turned to him, threw my arms around him and started kissing him passionately, while quietly thanking him for the most amazing experience I had ever had. He was now very tender and loving, holding me, caressing me, telling me thank you for allowing him to enjoy me.
"So what do you think of the club so far?" he asked.
"So far? We're not done?"
"O no, we're not done yet. You said you wanted to explore your sexuality. I'd like to help you do that. You have a submissive streak, I see?"
"Apparently, I do. I had no idea, no one has ever done that to me before. But it was such an amazing rush!" I told him. "I think that's something I'm going to definitely have to explore further."
"I hope you do, it seemed very natural for you," he said. He got up and held out his hand to help me up. My legs were still very shaky, and I stumbled a bit before he helped me get my balance. "Don't get dressed," he told me as he put himself back together. I stood there in just my heels, watching him dress. When he was done, he put his tie over my head and tightened the knot a little, letting it dangle between my breasts. "There, that's perfect." he said.
He picked up my dress, took me by the hand and we headed back out into the hallway. I felt so vulnerable and so sexy like this! I had no idea this night was going to turn out anything like it had so far, and I was loving it. The feeling of being totally naked and on display with cum dripping from my pussy was exhilarating.
The club had gotten more crowded, and I was getting a lot of looks and compliments from both the men and the women who were there. We made our way back to the group playroom, and sat down on an empty couch to watch the fun.
Right across from us there was an older woman straddling a man on the couch, facing him, slowly riding up and down what was a pretty large cock. Another woman was on her back on a mattress with a man fucking here while another knelt by her head so she could suck him. Two others were standing close by, stroking their cocks, apparently waiting their turn. At one of the chairs, two women were kneeling in front of a seated man, sucking his cock together. There was another man kneeling behind one of the women, fucking her from behind. It was mesmerizing.
Mr. Greene put his arm around my shoulders, and I cuddled into him on the couch. My right hand rested on his thigh, pretty close to his cock. "Do you like watching, Allison?" He asked.
"I really do! Everyone here is so into it!"
With that, he moved my hand onto his cock, and I could feel it starting to get hard again. I absentmindedly starting stroking it, feeling it grow. "Take it out for me, Allison," he said. I turned towards him a bit and undid his belt and pants. Reaching in, I stroked him a few times before working his pants down. He lifted his ass up to help, and soon I had them completely off. I didn't need any other instructions, I got on my knees on the couch and started sucking him.
I held him with one hand that didn't make it all the way around his girth, and worked my tongue all around the head, up and down his shaft, and back. I was able to get about the first 3 inches actually in my mouth, so I spent some time bobbing up and down on him, stroking him with one hand and playing with his big balls with the other. He was gently rocking his hips in time with me, moaning a little. After a few minutes, my jaw started to ache a bit, so I pulled off and started sucking his balls. That really got him going.
"Stop," he said, pulling me away, "I don't want to cum this way." With that, he got up, helped me to my feet, and we headed towards the conference table.
"Mr. Greene, I don't know if my pussy can take anymore right now. It's still really sore from before!"
"Who said anything about fucking your pussy?" That's when I realized he fully intended to take my ass. That's another of the many things I had never done before, and I didn't see any way that his big cock was going to fit there. Needless to say, I was a little scared.
"Mr. Greene, I don't know if I can! You're so big, won't it hurt? I mean, I know I want to, but with THAT?" I said, pointing at his now fully erect dick.
He just smiled at me and continued to lead me to the table. "Don't worry, I know what I'm doing. I promise, you're going to love it." He brought me to the head of the table, moved a chair out of the way, lifted me up and planted me face down with my ass hanging off the edge. It was too high for my heels to touch the floor, so my legs were dangling. My naked breasts were smashed under me, keeping my face from being on the table. He stepped back for a moment, admiring the view, and told me how incredibly sexy I looked. That made me feel really good, to hear him speak of me that way.
He had somewhere found a bottle of lube, and some oil. He told me to just try to relax, and started drizzling the oil over my back. He leaned down and began to give me one of the best massages I have ever had. My shoulders, neck, back, sides, all worked out. I could feel myself getting more and more relaxed as he went. At some point, I'm not exactly sure when, he had put his very hard cock between my ass cheeks, and was just letting it rest there, sliding back and forth with his movements. He spent some time working on my ass cheeks, firm and gentle, with more oil. Then he backed up a little and went to work on the backs of my thighs, right where they met my ass. It was instant heaven! By then, almost all the tension had left me anyway, and that pushed the rest right out.
My legs had parted a bit at this point, so i know my pussy and ass were on full display for him. Then he applied some lube to his finger and started playing with my hole. It felt weird at first, but that quickly changed as he ever so gently started to work it inside of me. It hurt, but that didn't last long. Some more lube and he had two knuckles in me! He was working in and out slowly, making sure to let me stay relaxed. Somewhere along the way, he worked a second finger into me. By now I was moaning a bit with the new sensations, starting to really enjoy the feeling of my ass being so full.
"How does that feel?" he asked.
"Amazing!" I replied. "I never knew it could feel this good!"
"This is only the beginning, Allison. Wait until you feel all of me inside you." I looked up at this point and made eye contact with a couple who had come to watch at the other end of the table. It only took a moment for me to recognize them, it was Mr. and Mrs. Stevens, they live two houses away from me! What's worse, I babysit their 10 year old daughter! I was so embarrassed, here I was letting a man use my ass out in the open right in front of the people I had told I would be too busy studying tonight to babysit their daughter. Well, I figured, kiss that job goodbye.
Then I noticed that Mrs. Stevens' hand was stroking her husband's cock, and they were smiling at me. All at once the embarrassment became excitement, and I had a mini orgasm with Mr. Greene's fingers in my ass.
"I think you're ready now. Do you want me to fuck you?" He asked.
"Yes," was all I got out.
"Tell me. Tell me what you want me to do to you," he said.
"Put it in me, Mr. Greene." He had withdrawn his fingers, and now had the head of his cock pressed right up against my hole. It was driving me crazy with anticipation.
"No. Tell me what you want, slut. Beg me for what you want, make it clear to everyone exactly what you are."
I couldn't take it anymore. "Please, Mr. Greene, PLEASE stick your big cock in my ass! Please fuck my ass, I want you to use all of me!" I found myself looking right at the Stevens' as I was begging to be used like this, like some cheap dirty slut. They were watching intently, as Mr. Greene grabbed my hips and started to really apply pressure. It hurt as his head popped in, and he shoved 2 inches in with it! I cried out, he just held himself there, then pulled back until just the head was in me. He squirted more lube onto his cock and pushed back in a little further this time. After a few more tries, he was buried all the way in my ass. I could feel his heavy ballsack resting on my pussy.
He started to withdraw and push back into me slowly, letting me adjust to this new sensation. It didn't take long before all the pain was gone and left only pleasure! By this time, Mrs. Stevens was naked and bent over the table across from me, and Mr. Stevens was fucking her from behind. They were both very obviously turned on from watching me give up my ass. Mr. Greene started to pick up the pace, and before long was fucking my ass really hard. All the while telling me how tight I was, how much of a slut I am, how only the dirtiest sluts get fucked in the ass, all sorts of things. And I couldn't get enough of it all! I had 2 powerful orgasms while he used me this way, before he spun me over onto my back without pulling out. Now looking me right in the eyes, he let out a loud groan, buried himself all the way in me, and came for the second time. I could feel him pulsing and squirting his cum deep inside me. When he was spent, he pulled out, leaned down and started kissing me. I eagerly returned all his kisses, wrapping my arms around his neck. He picked me up like that, and brought me back to the couch and laid me down.
"Wait here,' he said, planting a kiss on my forehead and walking down the hallway. I languished in the incredible afterglow of the events of the evening, never noticing Mr. and Mrs. Stevens coming over to me. They had both gotten dressed, while I was still naked wearing only my heels and Mr. Greene's tie.
"Hi, Allison," Mrs. Greene said, bringing me back into a bit of focus. "Having a good night?" She asked, smiling.
"Mrs. Stevens! I'm sorry for lying to you, you know I love babysitting Kerry, But I-"
"Please, don't worry at all,' she said cutting me off. "We love when you watch her, she always has so many good things to say about you! In fact, we might need your help later in the week if you might be free?"
"I'm sure I could be, Mrs. Stevens," I told her. It was sort of surreal being asked to babysit while almost totally naked with cum leaking out of my ass, but at this point, whatever I suppose!
"That's great, thank you! Also, Kerry will be at her Grandparent's home on Sunday, and we were wondering if you might like to come over for lunch, maybe? We'd both really like to get to know you better, Allison." She had reached out and put her hand on my arm, and gave it a light squeeze. There was no mistaking the innuendo.
"I think that sounds great, Mrs. Stevens, thank you for inviting me! Can I bring anything?"
She leaned in close to my ear, and said, "Just bring this amazingly beautiful, sexy woman you've become right before our eyes, and I'm sure we will all have a great time!" With that, she lightly kissed me on the lips, turned and they left. Mr. Greene came back shortly after with a warm washcloth and a towel for me to clean up. When I was done, he was fully dressed, minus the tie, and still carrying my dress as we made our way back to the dance area. It was pretty empty now, but his wife was sitting at the table he had been at earlier. Her really buff friend was with her, and his wife was sitting in his lap. They were all talking and laughing as we approached.
"Well well, Tom" Mr. Greene's wife said, "Who is this exquisite creature wearing your tie?"
"Deborah, this is Allison, Allison, my wife Deborah." I have to admit, this part felt weird. Here I am, a naked teenager, standing in front of the wife of the man who had just fucked me senseless, being introduced as though nothing was out of the ordinary. Her warm smile was disarming, but still...
Once everyone was introduced, we all sat and talked a bit. It was a really nice time, everyone had a lot of fun that evening. I had no idea what time it was until someone said the club would be closing soon. It was 3:30 in the morning! Finally Mr. Greene said I could have my dress back, and helped me step into it. He tied it for me as I held my hair out of his way. Now finally we all started saying our goodbyes. Mr. Greene hugged and kissed me, thanking me for one of the best nights he could remember. Deborah came over to hug me, and leaned in to kiss me. I figured on a quick friendly thing, but she had other ideas. Before I knew it, we were making out, our tongues dancing with each other, her hands roaming my body. When she finally broke the kiss, I was panting a little.
"Damn, Tom," she said, "she's a little firecracker! I can only imagine how much fun you had with her." Keep kissing me like that and you won't have to wonder for long, I thought to myself. And with that, we all went our separate ways.
I can honestly say that to date this was the most amazing night of my life, and I'm definitely going back for more. But for now, I have this Sunday to look forward to. I'm sure that's going to open my world to even more great experiences! Stay tuned.