*******************************************
This is a continuation of the Private Game. This contains my usual themes of wife infidelity, cuckolding, and voyeurism. The series is meant to be a standalone story and not as a prequel or sequel to any of my other stories. I appreciate the feedback I have received and some of the correspondence. I have taken some of your suggestions and interwoven them into my stories. I look forward to your continued comments.
This series should be read in order.
************************
Mike isn't sure how to continue this conversation. Before he can say another word, Lynn enters the room. She has changed into a summer blouse with white slacks. The first two buttons are open. It obvious to both men she is wearing a push-up bra.
Lynn stops so both men can admire her. Mike speaks first, "You look more sexy than you did earlier."
Lynn walks over to over to Chuck and looks at her husband, "Chuck has been looking at the same outfit all afternoon. I want to show him a different view."
Chuck looks down her blouse. He puts his hands on her waist and pulls her a little closer, "The other outfit was hot, but this view is more sexy."
Lynn leans up just like Chuck told her and kisses his cheek. Her husband watches, "I am glad you like it. I feel sexy wearing it. What about you honey"
"You know that is one of my favorites. I'm glad you like to give Chuck a little variety."
She doesn't move away. Chuck moves his hands just under her breasts. He caresses the underside of her full breasts with his thumbs. Lynn puts both hands on his forearms, "Hmm. That feels so good. Honey don't you like how Chuck makes me feel good?"
Mike isn't sure what to do, "Sure. I like watching you feel good."
"Let's get some drinks and sit down in the family room and relax. Chuck, I have some Makers Mark."
"That's sounds good. Make mine on the rocks."
Mike tells Lynn and Chuck, "Why don't you guys take the couch. I will take the recliner."
Lynn can't believe it. Her husband is setting this up. She doesn't have to do anything. He even stood next to them while Chuck looked down her blouse and stroked her breasts. She is almost certain he wants her to fuck Chuck. Well, she will give him a good show.
"Ok honey. Chuck, you take a seat, I will bring you your drink."
They both go into the family room. Mike puts some light classical music on and even dims the lights before sitting in the recliner.
Lynn walks over to Chuck and bends over as she hands him his drink.
"Thank you Lynn." He reaches out and cups one of her tits.
"Mmmm. That feels so good. I just love it when you play with my tits. Put your hand in my bra. Yea just like that. Do you like the view?"
"I like this outfit. The bra really shows them off. Mike did you pick this out?"
"Yes, I picked it out. I'm glad you like it."
She cannot believe that Mike just watches and lets Chuck feel her like that. Lynn walks over to Mike, "See that is how the private game works. We do things that we would like to do but can't in public. But here it is just the three of us. Chuck feels me whenever he wants. Here you take a feel."
She bends over and Mike plays with one of her tits. She asks her husband, "Are you getting hot watching? Do you want to see other things we do in the private game."
He is thinking that Chuck is right, she is not stopping. Since his wife likes the game, he will not stop either, "I'm really getting hot. This game is much better than the public game. Show me what else you do"
"Ok. When I sit down on the sofa I sit like this."
Lynn takes her position. Mike knows why his wife picked out the white slacks. They are very thin and show the outline of her pussy.
"Honey, tell Chuck why you like me to sit like this."
Mike takes a few seconds, "So other men look at your pussy."
"That's right. It turns you on when I show my pussy. Chuck likes looking at my pussy too." Turning to Chuck, "Let's show Mike more of the private game."
He tells her to spread her legs. She does. The thinness of the white slacks shows her cunt lips and the definition of her slit. Lynn lowers a little bit more and spreads even further.
Since Mike doesn't do anything to stop them, she becomes more slutty. "Chuck how does that look? I love spreading my legs for you. Tell my husband how you like looking at my pussy."
Chuck caresses the inside of her thigh, "Mike, I really like looking at Lynn's pussy. She showed it to me this afternoon, but I think it is better that you can watch us. Why don't you come up with something else we can do with Lynn spread out like this."
Mike is getting quiet. "Why don't you run your hand down her thigh and touch her pussy. I think Lynn will like that."
Lynn squeals in delight, "Honey that is a great idea. You are really learning the game."
Chuck caresses his way down her leg to her pussy. Lynn gasps as he reaches her lips. She moans and lifts her hips to meet his hand. He plays with her for a few more minutes. Except for her moaning and the music the room is quiet. Mike takes a sip of bourbon. Lynn really looks hot spread out with as Chuck plays with her. This is much better than sharing fantasies. He thinks of Chuck and Susan and he wants to watch him fuck Lynn. He doesn't say anything so she won't feel pressured.
Mike really likes this game. He has another suggestion, "Play with her 'til she cums. I know Lynn will like that."
"That's it. I would like that. Make me cum."
Chuck puts on more pressure. Lynn is moaning louder and bucking against his hand. She tells Chuck to keep playing with her. She yells out as her orgasms washes over her. She puts her hand over his, lightly caressing him, and keeps it covering on her pussy.
"Whew that was something. Honey, you are coming up with some great ideas for the game. Did you like watching me cum?"
Mike is pleased she likes his ideas. "Yea that's really hot. Except when I watch you masturbate, I have never seen you cum. Watching Chuck make you cum is really hot."
Lynn suggests to her husband they show her some more of the game. He readily agrees. She tells him this is the part of the game when she sits next to the other man. She sits next to Chuck with one leg on the couch next to his. She leans in to Chuck so he can feel her tits. He looks down into her blouse.
She addresses Mike, "You have seen me do all of that before. Here are some new things."
She mashes her tits into Chuck's arm. She leans in and tongues his ear, "Let's give my husband a show. I want to turn him on so I can fuck you."
Chuck kisses her and unbuttons her blouse until it is hanging open. She unclasps her bra and her tits fall into Chuck's hands. He kneads them, pinching up her nipples as Mike watches.
"Honey, you remember that one party where you watched Larry play with my tits. Then someone came and interrupted us. For the private game we will not be interrupted. Should Chuck keep playing with me?'
"Yea. This private game keeps getting better and better."
Chuck keeps playing with her. She is moaning that it's better with her bra unfastened so she can feel his hands on her. He bends down to tongue her nipples. Still Mike does not stop them. She arches her back to press her nipple into Chuck's eager mouth.
Mike watches Chuck and Lynn. He knows his wife is hot, but didn't think anything would happen this quick. When he set up Chuck staying with them, the plan was for he and his buddy have some time to reminisce. The subject of watching Chuck and Susan would come up and Chuck would probably ask him about fucking Lynn. Mike would bring up the game and suggest that Lynn give Chuck as show. Lynn is even more hot than Susan. Susan and he did not play the game. They just found themselves in a swinging session where Susan discovered she liked other men and he liked watching. This is a lot better. Just then, Mike's phone starts vibrating.
Chuck and Lynn suddenly stop. Mike tells them, " I can't believe this is happening. I have to take this call. It is about the contract. I won't be long."
After he leaves the room Lynn turns to Chuck, "I don't believe it. He is doing all the things you said he would. I don't think he is going to stop us."
"I told you he hasn't changed."
She begins to button her blouse. Chuck stops her and unbuttons her again.
"Remember it has to be his idea."
"I know but he will still want to watch us. He hasn't changed."
Chuck looks into her in the eyes and gets serious, "Mike loves you a lot. If he thinks you want to stop he will even if he wants to continue. He would not do anything if he thought you feel pressure."
"You're right. Mike is considerate of me. He has never pressured me to give anyone a show. You're such a good friend." She starts to take charge. "But this time we will let him catch us. I don't want any doubt in his mind that I want to fuck you."
With Lynn's blouse open, Chuck's hand is resting on her bare stomach. Lynn reaches to the side of her slacks, unbuttons the clasp, pulls down the zipper, and slides Chuck's hand into her panties. As Chuck's fingers reach her pussy, she lets out a moan and pushes into him. She becomes more uninhibited as the thought sinks in Chuck will be soon be fucking her. She starts talking dirty about giving Chuck, her hot wet pussy, feeling his hot cock.
She unbuttons Chuck's shirt and plays with his nipples. Bending over tonguing one of his nipples, "Do you like my hot wet pussy. You can do anything you want. My pussy is yours."
Chuck doesn't say anything. He keeps playing with her pussy feeling the soft curls on her mound and the slickness in her slit. . He can't believe she is even more uninhibited than she has been all afternoon. Lynn is going to be one hot fuck. He hears Mike sneak back downstairs, but does not tell Lynn. He can watch.
He is watching from the library. Mike knows Lynn is getting hot. But the scene before him is surreal. Her blouse is still unbuttoned and her bra unfastened. He clearly sees Chuck's hand in her panties. It looks like Lynn wants to fuck him right there. She is not doing anything to stop him.
He sneaks back upstairs and comes back down the stairs like normal. He enters the kitchen and family room. Lynn and Chuck do not stop. Now he knows that Lynn wants to fuck Chuck while he watches.
Chuck and Lynn feel his presence. Chuck leaves his hand on her pussy. Her hand is resting on his cock. Lynn waits for Mike to stop them. He doesn't. Now she knows for sure her husband wants to watch her fuck Chuck.
He sits down next to Lynn. She asks, "How did the contract go?"
"There were just a few minor questions. The other company should sign in the next couple of days."
She kisses him on the lips, "Honey that is wonderful. I'm so proud of you. You worked so hard."
She starts tonguing his ear and in her low slutty voice, "Let's celebrate with the private game." She lifts her panties so Mike can see Chuck's hand covering her pussy. "Mmmm doesn't that look good with Chuck's fingers in my pussy. Chuck, move them a little bit. Oh that's right. Just like that."
Addressing her husband. "Aren't you excited knowing that Chuck is going to get some of my nice hot pussy?"
Neither Mike nor Chuck say anything. Mike's mind is reeling from mixed emotions that this is no longer a flirting game.
She continues, "Sweetie, since Chuck's hand is busy be a dear and take my slacks off. I have been wanting all day to get them off."
Lynn slips off her blouse and bra. She is nude to the waist. Her husband takes her slacks off but leaves her panties on. She opens her legs more to give Chuck better access.
Chuck removes his hand from Lynn's pussy and starts to unbuckle his jeans. She stops him, "I wouldn't be a very good hostess, if you had to take out your own cock, now would I." She turns to Mike, "Honey you were right about Chuck being hung. His cock has been straining against his jeans all afternoon but he never pulled it out. He is a real gentleman"
She unbuckles his jeans and unzips him. She slides her palm across his abdomen, reaches in and feels him. "Oh, honey, thank you for setting this up. His cock is so nice and big and hard. It's going to feel so good in my hot pussy."
She tugs at his jeans and underwear. His cock springs out. Mike sees Lynn look at his cock with the same look of lust like Susan did when she fucked Chuck.
Lynn strokes Chuck's cock while her husband watches. She kisses her husband an says, "Ok honey this is where you get your private show. Go back to the recliner and watch me do other things with Chuck I haven't done yet."
Mike goes to the recliner and sits back down. Lynn slides Chuck's jeans and underwear the rest of the way off. She helps Chuck take off his shirt. He is nude and Lynn is just wearing panties. She gives Chuck a passionate wet kiss while stroking his cock. Breaking the kiss she pushes her hand against his chest until he is lying back on the couch.
She looks at her husband, "Honey, Chuck has been the perfect gentlemen and guest while we were alone. He did so many things to make me feel good. And I think you agree playing our private game is a good idea. Now I want to do some things for Chuck."
She leans over and puts one of his nipples in her mouth. His chest is hairy, not like a pelt, but with light black hair running down to his pubic area. Lynn is making small moaning and other noises of pleasure as she kisses his chest and strokes his cock.
She sits back up, "Honey, his cock is so nice. I am glad you told me how big he is. But, you left out the part of his big balls. Now we are playing the private game, what else should I do with Chuck's cock. Should I suck it? I know Chuck wants me to."
Mike says in a quiet voice, "Go ahead and suck him."
"I'm glad you want me to suck him. That's the neat thing about the private game. We can do things that all of us want. I know the three of us want me to suck him. I am going to suck him just like I describe in our public game fantasies."
Mike watches as his wife bends over and takes Chuck's cock in her mouth. Taking just the head she opens her mouth a little more than she does with her husband to accommodate Chuck's thickness. Chuck gasps as her warm mouth slides over his cock. He lifts his hips putting his cock deeper in her mouth. Lynn sucks him just like she told her husband during their fantasies. She licks him the length of his shaft, giving him light kisses on the sensitive underside beneath the crown. The room is very quiet except for Lynn's sucking noises and Chuck's moans. Lynn moves off the couch until she is on the floor between his knees. She slides his cock in her mouth as much as she can take. Chuck watches his cock slide in between Lynn's luscious lips. He puts pressure on the back of her head pushing his cock deeper into her mouth. Mike watches mesmerized as Lynn sucks Chuck's cock. Taking his cock out of her mouth she moves down to runs her tongue over his big balls. He is getting turned on listening as his buddy tells his wife what a good cocksucker she is.
Lynn is proud that Mike's buddy thinks she is at good at sucking cock. She thinks about Chuck's revelation fucking Mike's first wife. As first she was shocked, but she finds it increasingly erotic that Mike was turned on by watching Chuck with Susan and now her.
As she continues to suck, pre-cum is oozes from his slit. Taking his cock out of her mouth, she licks the pearly drops and squeezes more out of his cock into her eager mouth. She sucks faster taking deeper strokes. Chuck stops her. He tells her what a fantastic cocksucker but he wants to cum in her pussy.
Lynn raises from his cock still on her knees. She has a dreamy expression on her face. She lightly strokes his balls with the tips of her fingers.
"I'm glad I can please you." She looks over at her husband. Mike has undressed and is lightly stroking his erection. "It looks like you enjoy watching me. Don't you like me sucking another man's cock instead of just describing it? I know I do."
Lynn continues, "Let me tell you one of my fantasies for the private game. Mike, you know I have told you that when we play the public game I would like to be nude. Would you two like to see my fantasy?"
Both of them tell her they would. She slips her panties off and sits down in the corner of the couch in her and Mike's favorite position. Taking her wine in one with the other resting on the back of the couch, she asks Chuck, "How do you like this? Do you like looking at my bare pussy?"
"That is much better. Spread your legs."
Lynn spreads her legs. Chuck looks at the trimmed triangle of her bush and the wetness in the folds of her pussy. She slides down until her head is resting on the arm of the couch. She puts her hands above her head and spreads more. Mike has never seen anything more erotic. Susan certainly never did that. He is lucky to have a wife like Lynn.
She opens more for Chuck. "Chuck, tell Mike the fantasy you told me this afternoon when I was spreading for you."
"Well Mike, Lynn was so sexy lying back on the couch with her legs spread. I fantasized about slipping her slacks off and fucking her."
Lynn opens a little more and tells Mike, "That was hot spreading for Chuck and showing my pussy. I have the same fantasy. But my slacks are already off. I know you want him to fuck me, so that is another fantasy we all have."
Looking up her husband's buddy, "Chuck here's my pussy for your big hot cock."
Chuck kneels on the couch between Lynn's spread legs. He has been aching to fuck her since she started the game this afternoon. He takes in her delicious body. Her tits are swollen with desire, the nipples are erect and the aureoles fully dimpled. He leans over and takes them is his hands. She moans and arches her back to push her tits into his hands. His cock just inches from her pussy. Chuck talks dirty to her the way he knows she likes. He talks about her tits and how he has liked playing with them all afternoon.
Lynn looks down between her tits to Chuck's engorged cock. She is practically begging him to fuck her. He points the head of his cock at the opening of her pussy. As soon as he enters her, Lynn pulls her arms from the back of her head, clutches him and lifts her hips to drive his cock into her pussy. He brings his cock out until just his head is in and slams it back into her.
"Ohhh God Chuck, that feels so good, fuck my pussy."
Jesus but her pussy is tight. He can't remember the last time he had a pussy this tight. It really is like a velvet glove. He slows down. He wants to make this last as long as he can. Raising up on his arms he tells her to look down at his cock sliding in pussy. His cock is coated with her juices.
They both relax for a long slow fuck. Mike knows from experience that Chuck can last a long time. Neither of them say anything. Chuck grinds his pubic bone against her clit. Lynn is making low moaning noises. She revels in the feeling of having her opening and vaginal canal stretched by Chuck's length and girth. After slow fucking for awhile, Chuck starts slamming Lynn as she grabs his hips and grinds against him. Mike's wife is moaning louder and thrusting back against him.
"Ohh god Chuck, don't stop, I'm going to cum." Her body tenses as she has another orgasm. This time with Chuck's cock instead of his fingers.
"Ohh did that feel good. You are such a good fuck." She is slowly caressing him, looking up at him with a dreamy look. She plays with his nipples, "Now it's your turn baby. Cum in my pussy."
Lynn talks dirty to Chuck telling him to cum. He speeds back up. She feels his cock twitch as he starts to cum, "Yea, that's it baby cum in my hot pussy." She feels his cock getting harder and the initial throbbing. She knows with his big balls she is going to get a lot of cum in her pussy. He slams his cock all the way in and shoots a load of cum. He pulls out a little and shoots closer to her opening. He wants to give Mike a treat.
He leaves his cock in while they relax.
"God that was great." She turns to her husband. "Did you like that. Can you tell how good Chuck fucked me?"
Chuck pulls his cock out of Lynn and sits down. Leaving a trail of cum from her opening across her thigh. She moves next to him, leans over, takes his cock back in her mouth and sucks out the last of his cum.
Licking her lips she says, "Mmmn that tastes good." She addresses Chuck, "This is the part of the game where we come back home and talk about my showing off and our fantasies. Mike likes to eat me while I tell him my fantasies of fucking and sucking other men."
She spreads her legs for her husband. "Honey, look what a mess my pussy is after fucking Chuck. For our private game you can still eat my pussy. Chuck why don't you go to the other recliner and relax while you watch."
Mike is in a quandary. He has eaten Lynn after cuming inside her. He liked eating Susan's pussy after she had fucked Chuck and his brother, but it was when they were alone. He has never eaten fresh fucked pussy in front of the other guy. But he doesn't see any choice.
"Sure honey if that's what you want. Your pussy looks hot."
He walks to the couch and kneels between his wife's spread legs. He squeezes her breasts and caresses her body. She has never felt this hot. Her pussy is drenched. The pubic hair is matted and there is cum at the entrance. He leans in and covers Lynn's pussy with his mouth. God does this taste good.
Lynn lifts her hips to put her pussy into his mouth.
"Ohh honey. That's it. Eat my pussy. Do you like watching me with Chuck? I have a confession to make. The reason that Chuck knew he could fuck me is I have been a naughty wife this afternoon."
Mike eats his wife while Lynn talks dirty telling him what she did with Chuck. She pulls his head deeper into her. "You are eating me better than you ever have. Does it taste better with cum?"
Mike does not reply. He is concentrating on how good her salty pussy tastes. She is writhing and grinding her snatch into his eager mouth. He can barely breath as Lynn has another orgasm. Chuck is relaxed in the recliner watching his buddy eats Lynn's freshly fucked pussy. He is certainly glad that Mike has not changed.
Lynn shifts her position so her husband can fuck her, "Ok honey, now it's your turn to get my hot pussy."
Mike eases his cock in Lynn's hot cunt. He remembers how he liked Susan's fresh fucked pussy. He takes slow strokes to revel in the sensation. His wife plays with his nipples, talking dirty how she likes sucking and fucking Chuck.
Mike doesn't last very long. Lynn notices he does not cum as hard as Chuck.
Chuck moves back to sit on the couch with Lynn in between them. The three of them just sit there for a few minutes.
Chuck is the first one to speak, "This is hot. You two are a well matched couple. I have never seen anything like this. This private game of yours has a lot of possibilities."
Lynn replies, "We have you to thank Chuck for thinking up the private game. I don't know about you two but I've had a full day. I think it is time to turn in."
Everyone agrees, they pick up their clothes and go upstairs. They stop at Chuck's room where Lynn gives him a kiss, "Thank you Chuck that was great."
Lynn and Mike go to their room.