Ever since Christine left her golf club and the state for a promotion to run a golf course two states over, she has lived more of a modest life. She consciously decided to start over and give up her adventurous and risky lifestyle. She has since settled down, met a man, and is happy. Occasionally she would get the nagging feeling to do an adventure, but she has been able to suppress it.
Christine is engaged and happy in love. Wedding planning has been going well and has consumed her life. With the wedding only a few short weeks away, Christine and her fiance Mark agreed to bachelor and bachelorette parties. Her new friends and coworkers had decided to throw her a party in the city. They went to a spa, drank wine, had dinner, and were going to party at a club. The girls danced and drank all night, having so much fun. Back at the house they rented for the night, Christine's maid of honor had a surprise for her. While sitting around drinking, there was a knock at the door. One of the girls got the door and let in two muscular men.
Somebody turned on music and the guys started dancing. The girls put a chair in the middle of the room and sat Christine down. The guys danced around the room slowly removing clothing. They danced on each girl and with slick and flexible movements were basically humping the girls. The girls laughed and enjoyed the show. In only tight underwear, the guy's crotches were only inches from the girl's faces. This was met with "Wooos", laughter, and cheers. The two guys met in the middle and basically squished Christine's head with their asses.
Both guys started dancing on Christine and she was pulled out of the chair. It was basically simulated sex at this point with Christine in the middle. With enough money and tips, the other girls convinced the strippers to go full naked. The one in front of Christine pulled down his underwear and a large cock sprung to life right in her face. He was waving his cock around in her face. She was loving every second of it, and at one point it even hit her in the face, smacking her on the cheek. That smack brought back all of the suppressed memories of running around the golf club naked, exposing herself, and fucking the members of the club. It may as well have been John from the front desk's cock slapping her at the club. She was finding it hard not to open her mouth and swallow the cock in front of her. She could feel the other guy behind her thrusting, his cock rubbing up and down her ass. Being that she was wearing a small, tight dress, the cock occasionally found its way under her dress and pressed against her ass that was only covered in a thong. She wanted to fall forward and be spit roasted with a cock in her pussy and mouth, but she was able to shake it off and just enjoy the entertainment.
However, with this large cock continuing to wave in her face and occasionally touching her cheek, she was again getting other thoughts. At one point the cock missed her cheek and scraped against her lips. She couldn't hold back anymore. She was getting the urge to open her mouth and swallow the cock. She wanted them to do her clothes off. She wanted to get in a situation and do another adventure, and was having trouble suppressing it. She was happy in her relationship and didn't want to screw things up, but was losing out to her thoughts. She made up her mind and knew she had to do this. 'Just this one time,' she said to herself.
The strippers kept dancing on her. She subtly tried to loosen the straps of her dress so that it would fall off. To make it less obvious, she did it slowly over time. She was very drunk and so were her friends, so she thought she could pass it off. She had the straps over her shoulders and her top pulled down to barely covering the top of her breasts. She was almost revealing herself when the sing ended. After the dance was done the two guys got dressed and started saying their goodbyes. She feared she would miss out on the opportunity when an idea came to mind. She told them how much she enjoyed it and asked if she could hug them. They agreed and as she wrapped her arms around the first guy, she released her dress straps and her dress fell to the floor. In typical Christine fashion, she wasn't wearing a bra. She was now standing in only a thong hugging a stripper. He backed up and looked at her and she just giggled and said "Oops." She hugged the second guy before attempting to get dressed. The girls were hooting and hollering at their drunk naked friend hugging strippers.
When she let go, she fumbled trying to bend over to get the dress and really sold the act of fake tripping and landing on the floor. Now she was splayed out on her knees, face to the floor, showing everybody her thong-clad ass. She was red in the face and loving every second of it. She got up and fumbled with her dress, taking as much time as possible to cover herself. All the while the strippers and her friends were watching and laughing at her. If only they knew how wet this got her. When she was finally covered, the strippers left and it was just the girls again. Slurring her words to appear more drunk, she continued to play it off as an accident.
They finished the night and crashed all over the house they rented. Christine pretended to go to sleep but waited and watched everyone else pass out When she was confident everybody else was sleeping she stripped naked, walked outside and hung out in the yard. She was hoping to get these ideas out of her system now so she planned another small adventure. She went back in and unlocked the front door, locking the back door behind her as she returned to the yard. The only way back inside would be to run around the house naked outside. Though she hasn't done something like this in a while, this was easy for her. She thought about placing the keys down the block and doing it again but further, but decided against it. She tried to suppress the urge to push herself further and further so she wouldn't fall into the same trap she did in her old life. She made it around and back inside. She eventually went to bed. After a girls breakfast full of laughter and recapping the night, she headed home the next day.
She told her fiance that she had a great time and that things got wild, but not out of control. She asked what he had planned for his and he told her he didn't know since his best friend Phil was planning it. Phil lived nearby and was constantly at their house. In fact, he was coming over later that day to watch football. Christine helped Mark clean up and prep snacks. Mark arrived and they all chatted for a bit before Christine left the boys to watch the game. She popped in here and there to see if they wanted more snacks or drinks, though she has an ulterior motive to get Phil alone to ask him questions about the bachelor party.
At halftime, when Mark went to the bathroom, Christine sat down and asked Phil how the bachelor party planning was going. He told her that he had just started and was making phone calls. She assured him that if he wanted to hire a stripper, it would be okay. He smiled and said "Okay good. I've been reaching out but haven't hired anybody yet. I didn't want to get Mark in trouble but was probably going to book one this week. I didn't know how you felt about naked people stripping so them you for approving. "
This conversation struck a chord with her. Christine had immediate flashbacks to her past life parties and being cockslapped, groped, and flashing. She was getting the urge to do another adventure, and was having trouble suppressing it. She was happy in her relationship and didn't want to screw things up, but knew she had to do this. The bug had got her, she now knew she had to do another adventure. She knew exactly what her next adventure was going to be. If she played her cards right, she could be the stripper at her fiance's bachelor party. She could strip and expose herself to her fiance and all his friends who would have no idea they were ogling his soon to be wife. Christine pried a little bit and asked which companies he reached out to. She made a mental note of one of them.
The next day when she had some alone time, she called Phil and pretended to be a stripper company. She talked about what he was looking for and tailored the package just to him. To avoid suspicion she said it was cash on arrival and that they were expected to tip the stripper well. She gave him a price that she knew he couldn't turn down. Christine didn't know what came over her but she even threw in a little extra, saying "The more you tip the more out girl will be willing to do." She didn't know where that would lead her but the ambiguity led to more excitement. Phil liked what he heard and asked to see pictures of the girl they would send. Too far down the rabbit hole now, she agreed to send pictures.
Although she didn't still have her old outfits from her golf club days, she did go shopping on her lunch break and picked out something very similar. She got a wig and makeup that she could use to alter her face. With Mark out of the house due to working late, she got all done up and did a photo shoot. To add a little excitement, both for Phil and herself, she even supplied a couple of pictures showing her tits. Phil immediately responded saying he's interested and agreed to hire her. He told her the date of this upcoming weekend and the location of the hotel in the city along with the timing.
Mark's bachelor party was going to be a whole weekend. He was leaving Friday night and would be back Sunday afternoon. Saturday night is when Christine would meet them to strip. She was getting very excited. When Mark left on Friday, she could barely control her excitement. She spent the whole night in the house naked, practicing her stripper dancing. She went to bed with her toys and played with herself, but wouldn't let herself orgasm because she wanted to be really worked up for the event. She spent Saturday afternoon getting all dolled up. She did her makeup and put on her wig. She dressed in a skimpy, semi sheer top, a lacy sheer bra, a matching thong, and a mini skirt, all that she recently bought. To call it clothes would be an overstatement. It was more like lingerie. She put on her mesh stockings and high stiletto boots to finish the look.
When she looked in the mirror she didn't see herself looking back at her but she did recognize the girl in the mirror. She saw the old Christine from the golf club looking at her. This made her very nervous but also excited. She continued staring in the mirror and promised herself that she would do this one last adventure and stop. She winked and blew a kiss to the whore in the mirror. She shuttered at the thought of going out like this, but took a deep breath and calmed her nerves. She put on her new trench coat and left for the party. She took the train into the city to start her adventure. Without the safety of her car, all eyes would be on her as she traveled in public. She arrived in the city early and had time to kil so she stopped at a bar nearby and ordered a drink. Within seconds, there was a guy sitting next to her hitting on her. She liked the attention she commanded and she was already in character so she played along flirting back. Then the guy shocked her by asking how much for an hour. That really set in that she was dressed like a whore, bringing a smile to her face and dampening her thong. She took a shot, paid the bill, and looked at him saying "You can't afford me." She walked out with renewed confidence.
She took the long walk to the hotel and saw many eyes on her. All this attention was making her heart race, and she didn't even start the hard part yet. At the hotel, she called the elevator and there were two other people in the elevator with her. They were clearly trying to pretend that they were not eyeing her up and down. She got off the elevator and stopped in the hall to gather her nerves. This was the moment of truth. She was about to strip for her fiancé and all of his friends. They would unknowingly see what a true slut their friend's soon-to-be wife was. She was scared and excited. She waited for exactly 9:00 and knocked on the door. Her heart sank and her stomach was in her throat. Within seconds, the door opened. She was staring eye to eye with Phil. He looked her up and down and invited her in. He handed her an envelope, which she guessed was her payment, and complemented how she looked. He asked if she needed anything and she just asked for a place to put her stuff down. She watched as the guys sat Mark in a chair. She feigned confidence and congratulated Mark on his commitment.
Christine turned to Phil and told him to start the music. He put on the playlist she sent him and she immediately took off her jacket, revealing her skimpy attire, receiving a cheer from the group. She danced around the room, stopping for a moment to entertain each guy until she made it to Mark. Reaching him, she grinded her ass on his lap. When the next song started, she went back to the middle the group and took off her top, leaving only a small lace sheer bra. She then undid her mini skirt to reveal the matching thong. She shook her ass in front of each guys face, allowing them to stuff bills in her thong and bra. She was getting into it, rubbing her hands down her body.
She then unlatched her bra and released each arm from the straps, holding it in front of her breasts. She faced Mark and ripped it off of her. She leaned forward and rubbed her tits in his face. He pulled away from her, which secretly made her happy since her fiance was trying to get away from a strippers tits. However, not to be denied, she pushed forward and wrapped her arms around him, smothering his face. She then danced around, showing off her tits to everyone else. They were loud and rowdy, turning her fake confidence real. They were throwing dollars at her at this point. As they stuffed the bills in her thong, they were getting a little handsy. She definitely felt fingers reach down and graze her pussy.
Returning back to Mark, she bent over in front of him pushing her ass in his face. She slowly peeled her thong down, careful to keep her legs tight together as to not show anything off. She bent and pulled her panties all the way to the floor. Still bent, she then stepped each leg to the side out of each leg hole, clearly displaying her ass and pussy directly to Mark. She then fell backwards and landed on his lap, feeling his bulge press against her. She danced on him for a bit, his hard cock straining through his pants almost pressing into her. She then stood back up and twerked her ass cheeks in his face. She then turned around and shook her naked ass to the rest of the group. She again went around the group, now showing her ass up close to each guy. They were getting bold and spanking her as she shook her ass. She's be lying if she said she didn't enjoy it. As she danced on each guy, she would spread her legs and flash her pussy to the guy sitting across. The guys were basically begging for lap dances.
The situation was exciting. She was fully naked, except for stockings and stilettos, showing off her body and dancing for her fiancé and his friends. For the next song, she danced in the middle of the group. Christine finished up her dance on the floor with her legs spread, covered in dollar bills. She announced a break and collected the money, grabbed her underwear and carried them to the bathroom. She stuffed the money in her purse and put her underwear and bra back on. She was grinning ear to ear. She had flashbacks to stripping at Ted's party, to when she revealed herself to the club, and also to John's party, but had to keep her identity secret today.
Looking at herself in the bathroom mirror, Christine realized she was on the brink now. She had to choose whether to calm the group down or if she wanted this to go further. Is she went further, she was afraid she wouldn't be able to stop. After a moment, she decided to continue and go with the flow and just see what happens. She knew going back out that she would have to start giving lap dances so she took a deep breath and rejoined the group.
The guys were all drinking and chatting but stopped when they saw her come out. Phil came up to her right away with a wad of cash and handed it to her, saying "Take care of my boy Mark here. Give him your best routine and whatever else you can." He winked and led them to the bedroom where they had a chair set up. Phil left them alone, closing the door behind him. Music was already playing in the room. Christine started dancing for her fiance privately. This felt weird to her, but she did her best to hide her nerves. She rubbed up against him, grinding her ass in his lap. She could feel how hard he was. She wanted him to fuck her right then and there but was conflicted. Even though he would be fucking his future wife, if he did he would technically be cheating since he didn't know it was her. She turned around and straddled him. She took off her bra and again rubbed her tits in his face. This time he didn't pull away so fast. She rubbed her hands up and down his chest trying to give him the best lap dance she could, even taking off her thong. She finished two songs on him and he never once laid his hands on her. Although she wanted to feel his touch, it made her very happy. She slid down to her knees between his legs. With her hands on his waist and her head inches from his crotch, she looked up at him and asked him if he wanted a little more. He looked down and said "Thank you, but save it for the other guys." She felt so many emotions. She was sad to be rejected, happy that he was being loyal, and embarrassed and cheap that he was offering her to other guys. She finished the dance, put her bra and underwear back on, and led him out of the room. One of the other guys was already there waiting his turn.
This guy wasn't so courteous. The moment she sat on his lap, his hands were on her hips. She should've stopped it as this isn't the normal custom for strippers to be touched, but she promised herself she would go with the flow. She kept dancing on him as he caressed her ass. She stripped her bra off and he reached around and grabbed her tits. A moan escaped her. She stood up and danced, using this to get his hands off her. She faced him and sat back down on his lap. He immediately took the liberty to motorboat her. As Christine backed up, he was trying to slip his hand down the front of her thong but she grabbed his hand bright then back to her tits, a safer option. She fought off his attempts to get in her pants for the whole second song, getting creative as to not cause any conflict. After the song ended, she put her bra on and led him out.
The next guy was shy and let her do her own routine, his hands pinned at his sides. His bulge, though, was sticking straight up almost ripping through his pants. While grinding on him, his covered cock was pressing into her so hard it was almost penetrating her. She spent a little extra time grinding on him, wondering if she could get him inside of her. At the end of the dance she rewarded him by rubbing her tits in his face. She then redressed and escorted him out. She gave a few more lap dances full of gropes, spanks, and wandering hands, but nothing she couldn't handle.
Phil was last. She started dancing and from the start he was very vocal. He commented on how nice her tits were and how hot she was. Something about dancing for her fiance's best friend, sunshine who's been in her house numerous times, drove her wild. With the exception of Mark she only took off her bra, but for Phil, she felt obligated to strip naked. She shook her naked ass in his face and he responded by telling her what he would like to do to her, which got Christine extra worked up. He told her that the woman on the phone who booked this said she was the best. Christine smiled. He then pulled out a hundred dollar bill, stuffed it in between her tits and said that he was told she was adventurous and willing. Christine was shocked at how brazen he was. He unzipped his pants and pulled out his dick. The first song was ending, so she had to make a decision and act quick. Her mind was closed and her old ways were getting the best of her. Hey body took over as if on autopilot and she grabbed his cock. She dropped to her knees and wrapped her lips around his cock, sucking him. She was determined to make him cum before the song ended. She did her best tricks, playing with his balls, licking his tip, making eye contact, and even deepthroating him, but he had quite the stamina. The song ended and it was taking longer than the others, but she wasn't finished. However, she couldn't let him leave unsatisfied. She was hurrying to make him cum. Finally, after another minute, he grunted and shot his load in her mouth. She took it all, opened her mouth to show him and swallowed. She then winked at him. He smiled and told her how good that was. He died up and walked out, while Christine was still on her knees naked. She realized what she just did, feeling like she just regained control of her body. She quickly redressed and walked out, with a room full of eyes on her. She didn't know if they knew anything, but the attention made her nervous yet excited.
Finally, the lap dances were over. Christine stuffed all the money into her purse and grabbed her clothes. She went to the bathroom to get dressed. Looking in the mirror, she smiled and giggled. She just sucked her fiance's best friend's dick. Being this far in, she thought to herself that she didn't want this to end just yet. While pulling on her skirt and shirt, she debated with herself about staying or leaving. She already gave one blowjob and everybody saw her naked so what harm would it do to stick around. She was already in it this far so she decided to leave it up to the group. If they want her to stay she'll stay, and if not she'll go home.
Returning to the room, Christine grabbed a drink and addressed the group. "In honor of the wonderful bachelor, I would like to extend a toast. I am offering you my extended services. If you want me to stick around, I will, otherwise I will leave you to enjoy the rest of your night." The guys all cheered and immediately and unanimously called out for her to stay. "It's a deal. Going forward, I am yours. Scratch that, going forward I am the property of Mark. Mark controls anything and everything that happens to me tonight. As long as he says yes, then it is fair game." She was excited putting her fate in Mark's hands. He would essentially be her pimp and whore her out depending on what he sees fit. She could end up being humiliated by her future husband.
They were all drinking and talking at this point, but couldn't really concentrate and were all staring in her direction. One of the shy guys was awkwardly staring right at her chest. She jokingly told him to take a picture, it'll last longer. He responded eagerly, asking her if he could. She looked over at Mark and asked him if taking pictures was okay. Mark smiled and stated "Sure, why not?" She swallowed hard, but agreed.
The guy asked her if she would go topless, saying that he would pay extra for that. The guy looked at Mark who just nodded. He handed her $20 and she agreed. She looked around nervously, knowing that Mark's friends will have pictures of her naked. Christine removed her shirt and bra. He gave his phone to another guy and posed with Christine. Other guys started pulling out bills, offering the same. Phil asked her for a price for unlimited photos. Christine nervously responded that for $200 and with Mark's permission, she would let them take all the pictures they wanted, however they wanted. Mark nodded and they ponied up the cash easily and started requesting increasingly risque pictures. They had her strip naked and took pictures motorboating her, had her kneel with her head in their crotches, her bent over, had her shove her ass in their faces, and more. It was increasingly becoming a porn shoot. They were asking her to spread her legs and touch herself.
The pictures kept going and now their hands were all over her. They kept insisting she take more pictures with Mark, who was very hesitant about this. Christine liked this as she loved the idea of embarrassing her future husband. The photo shoot slowed down and someone asked Mark if she could stick around to play drinking games. He agreed and she joined the party, still without any clothes. They played flip cup, beer pong, and card games. The guys were losing constantly because they couldn't keep their eyes off of her.
As the night went on the guys were very drunk. One of the guys put his arm around Christine and asked Mark if blow jobs were on the table. Mark responded that he didn't care as long as they took it to the bedroom. Christine felt cheap as her fiance just gave her mouth away to another man's cock. The guy led Christine to the room and shut the door. He told her to get on her knees and blow him. Christine knelt and undid his belt. She pulled out his cock and went to town. She bobbed up and down and took his whole cock in her mouth. It wasn't long before he was grunting and cumming down her throat. She did her best to swallow but some dribbled out, down her chin and onto her tits.
As they came back to the party, another guy asked Mark if they were able to fuck her. The other guys all chimed in, asking as well. Mark was still indifferent telling them to go ahead and fuck her but still remaining out of it. The first requester bent her over the chair right where they were and lined his cock up to her pussy, slowly inserting into her. Mark called out "Come on man, right here? Stripping is one thing but I don't need to be around a whore."
He continued fucking her as he responded, " Don't be such a bummer, man. You don't have to fuck her, but let us have fun with her." He held Christine down and grabbed her hair pulling it back. As he thrusted into her, she was staring right on her fiance. She watched his disgust turn to laughter as he accepted his friends decision to fuck her. Mark just laughed it off as one of his friends was having his way with his fiance. Another guy walked up and stuck his dick in her mouth. She was now being spitroasted. They rotated and took turns fucking her pussy and mouth.
Phil spoke up and asked Mark, "Hey, would you mind if I fuck this bitch's ass?" Mark looked at the group and responded, "Look, I know she said she's my property, but I don't care what happens to her. As long as you don't hurt the girl, everything is fair game. Fuck her face, her pussy, her tits, or her ass, I don't care. Cum in her, on her, that's up to you. As long as she wants it, the answer to everything is yes."
A tear formed in the corner of Christine's eye. Mark just gave all the guys permission to do anything they wanted to her, and now they were going to fuck her in the ass. Though she's played with many toys, Mark was the only guy that she ever let fuck her ass. Throughout all of her golf club predicaments, she never gave up her ass to anyone. And just like that, Mark just allowed all of his friends to take her ass, starting with Phil. She thought about objecting but, not knowing why, she felt like she had to obey. She was saddened by this but she knew exactly what she signed up for and why. Despite it all, she was still turned on. She moaned as she felt Phil's cock press against her hole. "Beg for it. Beg me to fuck your ass."
Christine pulled off the cock in her mouth. "Please fuck my ass. Please Mark, tell your friend, tell all your friends to fuck me in the ass." Saying these words and asking for Mark's permission to be degraded lit a fire in her. She had to continue. "Please make me your little whore. Fuck me and stretch my ass good. Film your big cocks destroying my hole. Fill all my holes at once. Fuck my ass, pussy, and mouth." Christine was hornier than ever humiliating herself in front of her fiance.
With that being said, Phil pressed his dick into her ass. He thrusted until he was balls deep in her. Stopping for only a few seconds to let her ass adjust, he pulled out and slammed back into her. He started thrusting faster and faster as he made it his mission to fulfill her wish and destroy her ass. He asked one of the guys to throw his phone over and he took pictures of himself balls deep in her ass. It felt like it went on forever, but eventually Phil pushed hard into her and grunted as he came deep in her.
With very little time to rest, another guy grabbed her head and pressed his cock between her lips. He pulled her head to deepthroat him, then started face fucking her. As she gagged on his cock, she felt someone else press against her ass and push into her. She was rocked back and forth, pushed forward to deepthroat and pulled back balls deep in her ass. After a couple minutes she heard "Switch" and both guys pulled out. They swapped spots and immediately shoved their cocks back in her. The room was laughing now and taunting her for being a nasty slut. She heard someone call out "Nice job doing ass to mouth." She could see Mark across the room laughing at her as well. After a little time like this, they both pulled out and helped her off the couch onto her knees. The other guys joined in around her and she was told to take turns sucking and jerking them.
As she switched cocks between her mouth and hands, the guys were breathing heavier. One guy pulled her hand off his cock and started jerking himself. He positioned his cock in front of her face and blew his load on her forehead. Shortly after, the guy pulled out of her mouth and came straight on her face. Each guy shot his load on her face, absolutely covering her. She tried to open her eyes and saw the guys taking pictures of her. The cum was dripping down her chin onto her tits. When all the guys were done, she got up and went to the bathroom. Looking in the mirror she saw how much she was covered in cum. She took her phone and snapped a few pictures before washing it all off and cleaning up. Her clothes were still out in the room so she had to walk out naked.
At this point Christine wanted to leave but Phil called her over. He had her sit on his lap. Christine knew that there was no obligation to do this and she could decline and leave but she felt compelled to agree to anything they asked. At this point they were just drinking and talking as everyone was calming down since it was late.
Mark was the first to pass out. She was sitting across from him and noticed his eyes getting heavy and his head bobbing. He very quickly leaned to the side and passed out on the couch. One of the other guys pointed out that Mark was asleep. They shook him and tried to wake him but he was passed out drunk. They grabbed a marker and started drawing a fake mustache and a penis on his cheek. Then Phil suggested they take photos of him with the stripper. Christine agreed. The pictures included Christine straddling his face, her on him like they were having sex, her ass in his face, and her simulating going down on him.
Wanting to have a bit more fun, she brought over her bra and panties and said they should dress him in it. Everyone laughed as they hooked on the bra and pulled up the thong, both over his clothes. They took more photos of him. As more guys started passing out, and growing tired herself, Christine realized it was time to go. She would have to get home and get rid of this evidence before Mark came home tomorrow. She gathered her stuff, realizing she just gave away her underwear. She tried putting on the top, but it was not comfortable without a bra underneath and being sheer, it didn't hide anything anyway. She was nervous now since she didn't have clothes to travel in. Since she didn't plan on wearing the outfit home, she could ditch it here. She threw it to Phil with a wink. She put on her trench coat and held it shut. It didn't have buttons, just a belt to hold it closed. As she left, she wished the guys well and Phil gave her a nice tip.
She left the hotel to start her long, public journey home. The streets outside were empty and serene. With nobody in the street, she took the long way there, dancing around the sidewalks, occasionally allowing her coat to fall open. She started to let the coat drop to the floor before picking it up. She kept pushing herself further, dropping her coat in the middle of the road, then running away from it. She wanted to see how far she could get from her coat before getting nervous and heading back. She would also see how public she could leave her coat. At one point, she left her coat hanging beneath a stop sign, under a street light and walked 3 blocks away. She contemplated leaving it behind but knew she had to get on a train so she decided against it and heading back. She fantasized what she would do if her coat wasn't there when she got back, but retrieved it untouched.
When she got to the train station, though, the platform was full. Apparently she missed the last train by 45 minutes, and the next train won't be for another hour and 15 minutes. Having already scanned her ticket at the entry, she was now stuck on the busy platform waiting for the train. People were pacing up and down the tracks and most of them were drunk people waiting for their train home. Some were talking very loudly, others were acting rowdy.
She was nervously holding her coat closed when she was bumped by someone behind her. She got tripped up and fell, putting her hands out to catch her fall. As she hit the ground, her coat flipped up, pulling the belt loose. The person that bumped her fell on top of her. She was face down with her ass exposed, her bare tits pressing against the floor. She was exposed and pinned, unable to cover herself or get up. There was starting to be a pileup of people as 2 other people fell on top of and next to her. She could hear a fight breaking out. She kept struggling and was finally able to roll away. Though she was free, her jacket was stuck under people, leaving her fully exposed as she scrambled to get away. She pulled on her jacket hard and it came loose. With so much commotion around, she ran away from the area, fighting through the crowd to get away.
Finally on the other end of the platform, she collected herself. Her jacket was open the whole time. She tried to tie her jacket closed but found that she was missing her belt. Christine would now have to hold her jacket closed. She cursed herself for leaving her clothes behind, realizing it was a bad idea. She still has another 15 minutes until the train comes and she is now on a platform full of drunk people that have seen her naked. Guys were hitting on her left and right and asking her to flash them. She had to keep moving and tried to hide behind poles to not be recognized, but she found it hard not to stand out while looking like a prostitute. She was able to avoid any further trouble as the train finally arrived. She wasn't able to fight the crowd and hold her jacket closed so it took her a while to get on the train. By the time she got on, there were no seats left and she had to stand.
It was hard standing still that long in stilettos without being able to use her hands to hold on. The first train stop had her falling into other passengers, her coat flying open as she braced herself. She was bringing a lot of attention to herself and had to be super careful It was several stops before she was finally able to get a seat. She sat down with 10 more stops to go. The train mostly emptied out with 8 more stops to go. She just sat there, staring out the window, zoning. She woke up hearing the name of her stop. She didn't realize she fell asleep. Looking down, her coat fell wide open and her naked body was on display. She looked around and didn't see anyone in her line of view, but didn't know if anyone saw her. She scrambled to get off the train before finally being able to pull her coat closed.
She watched the train pull away and felt lucky to get if the train in time. She looked around for the exit but the platform looked different. She stopped the sign and realized that she got off the train one stop too early. She realized that she must have heard her station name, but missed them saying next stop.
From the station, it would be a 2 mile walk to her home. The streets were empty as it was so late and well away from the city. She started her walk and very quickly realized that she could get home faster if she let go of her jacket, leaving it open and exposing her. Though nerve-wracking, she didn't anticipate seeing anyone so she took the chance to quicken her pace. Christine had to pass a row of stores on her walk and looking up she saw her reflection in the windows. She could see her naked body only covered bye sweaty stockings and stiletto heels. Looking closely, she saw that she still had remnants of cum on her face and in her hair, even though it was a wig. She wondered how many people notice that on her journey home so far.
Christine's quick pace slowed after only a short bit due to the pain from the heels. It was taking her much longer to get home than she anticipated. Even though she was walking slower, she decided not to hold her coat closed. She was enjoying the breeze on her skin and the feeling of being exposed on the streets. She again thought about dropping her jacket, this time deciding to do it when she got closer to home. Like when she was walking to the platform in the city, she again started letting her jacket fall to the ground and walking away from it.
As she passed her actual train stop, she breathed a sigh of relief. It was not only a few blocks away, probably 10 minutes. She paused for a moment and looked at the platform. Behind the stairwell, there was a dumpster. Knowing she was pretty close to home and then she had to get rid of her disguise, Christine decided to ditch the outfit now. She stripped off her coat, stockings, wig, and heels. She tossed the coat, wig, and stockings into the dumpster, but paused at the heels. She held on to them and realized she can have some fun with them. She didn't think that her husband would remember the footwear of a stripper, but even if he did, it's not like they were the only pair ever made. She held them in her hands as she started to walk home.
The walk got a lot scarier and seemed a lot longer now that she didn't have the safety of any clothes to cover her. The further she walked, the riskier it was. Christine continued on, even if it was slow and steady. She walked the final 2 blocks nervously, as these were her neighbors that could potentially see her. Luckily it was quiet and she made it home.
She immediately took a shower and washed off all of the makeup and dried cum. She was exhausted and almost fell asleep in the shower. Hopping into bed, she replayed the night's events in her head. She stripped naked for her future husband and his friends. She gave his best friend a blowjob and allowed him, and others, to fuck her in the ass in front of her fiance. Christine was fucked, spit roasted, and covered in cum. She was exposed to a group of drunk train passengers and fell asleep exposing herself on the train. She then walked a couple miles completely naked. She orgasmed from the thoughts of her night before falling fast asleep.
She woke up the next day to a call from Mark, stating he was on his way home from the city. Grinning, she told him she couldn't wait to hear the details of his bachelor party. She wondered how much he was going to divulge.