Julia had just informed Barbara that she was to be fucked by three different men that evening. I hadn't been at all surprised at my girlfriend's immediate, unquestioning agreement. But it seemed Julia was.
"Jesus, Babs! You are for real, aren't you? Oh. I feel bad now. I was expecting to see you run a mile at the thought! Are you telling me you'd really be OK if I arranged for three strangers to come here and fuck you?"
"Well yes," Barbara shrugged.
"And you Dan? I mean, I know Babs has been experimenting a bit recently, but you'd have no objection to some well-hung young studs banging the shit out of your lovely girlfriend there?"
I glanced at Babs. All I could think about at that moment was her following in her friend's footsteps. We'd spent the afternoon so far enjoying the sight of the stunning Julia, under her porn alter-ego of Julia Sterling, having sex with any number of men.
"Honestly, no! Wait, are you saying that your masseur, those other guys, they aren't really coming over to see to her?"
"Well, no! I am a bit flabbergasted, I clearly misread the situation, underestimated just how much you've managed to corrupt Barbara! Well, this changes things a lot. I might be able to arrange something along those lines, before you go home. You are one hundred percent, you wouldn't back out?"
"No! Julia, I was getting so horny at the thought! You little tease, promising me all that and then taking it away again!"
"Oh, my sexy little Babs! I'm so sorry for leading you on!"
If I'd thought the atmosphere around Julia's home had been sexually loaded before, that proved to be nothing. It was like Julia had the handbrake on up to now, but the realisation of exactly how much her friend had descended into debauchery seemed to almost flick a switch in her.
She decided to make up to Babs personally, the broken promise. And the first stage was delivered personally. Babs had already confessed that she was interested in girls as well as guys, and Julia had a mind to give her experience in this field. I watched in awe as she knelt on the couch beside my girlfriend and began kissing her neck and nibbling her ear.
Barbara's face was a picture, catching my eye and giggling a little at my expression, before turning and kissing her friend passionately with very little hesitation. My phone was now in my hand as I began to get some pictures. I reasoned that Julia would have no objection, as widely published as she was, and I was right. When she spotted the camera, she posed and smiled sweetly right into the lens.
Making a big show for me, she made her way down my girlfriend's body, taking time to squeeze and caress those perky tits I loved so much, all the while making sure my camera had the best view of proceedings. Soon her face was between Barbara's legs, which parted obligingly.
Babs enjoyed Julia's attentions very obviously and eagerly, her friend's tongue and fingers expertly giving her several loud and shuddering orgasms, all of this being caught on my camera. But this was just the start.
Soon Julia's tongue began attending to my girlfriend's anus, rimming and teasing lovingly for some time. Barbara, unsure at first, slowly began to enjoy this attention, making lovely appreciative noises as her friend's tongue began to stretch her little hole open.
Julia soon produced some toys, and Bab's asshole was stretched by larger and larger glass butt plugs. I was chronicling all of this with picture after picture, and this continued as Julia moved onto her dildos, and my girlfriend started to understand what being fucked anally felt like.
I wouldn't have dared ask for more, but when Barbara asked me why my cock was still in my pants and not inside her friend, and Julia turned, face covered in pussy juice, with a smile that told me that her body was mine to replicate anything we'd watched her do in her films, I felt like my life had peaked.
The feeling I got as I eased inside Julia's famous cunt, still tight and elastic despite being so frequently used over the years, was indescribable. The sight of Barbara smiling and urging me on as her friend brought her to orgasm after orgasm was not, I knew, something I could ever have hoped for and would never take for granted.
And when Julia ordered me to cum inside her, before she then kneeled over Barbaras face and invited her to clean up, I could have reasonably claimed to have completed sex. It would never get better than this, surely?
Barbara took to this invitation with the initial tentativeness of a girl tasting another girl for the first time, but growing into the hungry passionate tonguing of a whore who enjoyed the familiar taste of her boyfriend's cum mixed with the new taste of a nice wet cunt.
Over the following three days there was a constant backdrop of Julia's extensive range of pornography, and Julia continuing Barbara's education. I was frequently called upon, and my cock became familiar with the inside of my girlfriend's rectum, as Barbara took to anal sex with great enthusiasm.
She learned how to take multiple penetrations, albeit with only one real cock, but Julia took delight in pushing realistic dildos into her friend, choking her and filling her pussy. I experienced the curious feeling of thrusting into her slippery vagina whilst her anus was filled, just a thin partition separating my cock and the silicone one pushed up inside at the same time.
She took everything, not just gamely but with an eagerness that made me wonder if there was any limit to what she'd do, what she could take. Julia had set the example and Barbara now considered the bar had been set, she was going to do anything and everything her friend had done so often and so well.
Barbara repeatedly encouraged me to make use of her friend, reminding me that we were only here for a few days, and that I'd be mad not to use this opportunity to get my hands on such a beautiful, sexy and willing whore as Julia. And, as she reminded me, she was absolutely going to continue to enjoy exposing herself to strangers, fucking them and sucking their cocks, whenever she got the chance. That was a given, so I should feel free to enjoy other women without guilt, should the opportunity arise.
I only wished I had a fraction of the sexual stamina these girls had because, if I had, I'd have fucked Julia more than the once or twice daily that I managed. Waking up in the morning with our host's lips wrapped around my cock, as happened on each of the four days we'd stayed so far, was amazing.
Barbara stirring and then smiling as she saw what was happening, before slipping down between her friend's legs, or presenting her pussy to me so I could taste her for breakfast, was magnificent.
On our last full day, I knew Julia would have a plan for her friend. Given how disappointed Babs had been when she'd realised Julia was joking about finding some random guys to fuck her, I knew what was likely coming. Barbara had spent most of her waking hours in a state of intense arousal, anticipation for what was coming overwhelming her.
After breakfast the doorbell rang.
"That's probably the postman, can you go for me please Babs?" Barbara was wearing only a t-shirt which barely covered her but was out on the porch signing for the delivery without hesitation. We watched through the window, Barbara taking her time to sign, firstly making to lean on the door before deciding to use her knee as a rest.
This meant she was able to give the middle-aged, bearded postman a direct view of her pussy, which he enjoyed very much, judging by his thanks when she handed the card back to him.
"She really loves it, doesn't she? Showing off like that? A true exhibitionist." Julia again spoke like a proud mother; she was enjoying Barbara's continued enthusiasm for anything sexual as much as any of us.
We were still none the wiser about Julia's plan for this evening, which was our last before returning home. Julia had disappeared for most of the afternoon, leaving us to entertain ourselves.
In her absence we both unconsciously went into reflective mode. It was like Julia was the kindling to both of us, with regards to our sex drive -- at least for the duration of this little break. So, her being away was a time to take stock, to wait for her to come back and raise the temperature again.
"Are you having fun, Dan? I feel like this break, our time here, it's been all about me. You aren't feeling left out, are you?"
"Are you kidding? Even if I'd spent three days just watching you and taking pictures, that would have been a dream holiday. Both of you, doing the most amazing things to each other, that would have been something else. But I've been fucking Julia every day too! I never could have dreamed you'd be OK with that. It's been the best few days of my life."
"Oh Dan, that's such a relief. I know you keep telling me, but I struggle to believe you're OK with all the stuff I've been doing, all those different men. It helps me a lot to know you are having some fun too. I bet she's an amazing fuck, is she?"
Barbara's face was so genuine, so loving. She honestly wanted me to enjoy her friend.
"She is -- I mean, not as good as you, obviously," I winked.
"Obviously," Barbara replied with a hint of sarcasm. "I mean, how could the world-renowned porn star possibly begin to compare with the teacher who was a virgin until last year, eh? I just hope I can be half as good as her, one day."
"Babs, it's not just about experience. Trust me, if we lined you and Julia up and asked the world to vote on which one was the most fuckable, it wouldn't be a foregone conclusion."
"Shut up!" Barbara laughed. "But thanks, all the same. I just know how I feel about her. Looking back, I had dirty thoughts about her even back at Uni, I just wouldn't admit it. When she was out meeting up with guys, I was jealous -- both of her for having all this fun, but also of them, for getting their hands on her. Honestly, I'm jealous of you -- if I had a cock, I'd fuck her too!"
Despite everything, the novelty hadn't worn off. The memory of prim-and-proper, workaholic headmistress Barbara wasn't too distant to make the current filthy-minded little slut, desperate to try to emulate her porn-star friend, the most arousing thing I could imagine.
I wondered what some of the school governors or parent representatives would say if they could see what their formidable colleague and sometimes opponent liked to do with her spare time.
I wondered if there was anything Babs wouldn't do, sexually. Everything Julia could throw at her she'd gulped down with a thirst which showed no sign of being quenched.
And I wondered what future there could possibly be for a relationship where the only real thing we had in common was a desire for one party to constantly be pushing for exposure and sex with strangers, almost at the expense of anything else. But I had no desire to end it -- far from it. I was going to ride this roller-coaster until it came off the rails.
Julia returned at tea-time. She immediately instructed Barbara to get dressed up, something she felt beautiful and sexy in. Barbara was raring to go, unlike her other days here she'd had no attention at all, sexually, other than flashing to the callers at the door earlier in the day. When she returned, wearing her favourite black stockings, suspenders and Bra, and black stilettoes, no panties, her face was expectant.
"Please tell me you've got me some new cocks to play with tonight," she breathed, as Julia moved behind her and pulled a blindfold across her eyes. Julia said nothing and raised a finger to her lips, indicating I should keep quiet too.
Barbara was led to the next room, the 'larger' living room, which had been prepared for the occasion. In the middle was a leather armchair, and Julia stood her friend beside it, before gently tiptoeing out of the room, and gesturing for me to follow.
"Oh shit, what have you got in store for me?" Barbara's voice echoed around the empty room. "Dan, you'll look after me, right? Dan?"
"Shhh!" Julia smiled. "Let her stand there and try to guess what's coming. Her mind is as dirty as mine, and it's going to drive her crazy!"
"What have you got planned for her?" I wondered.
"Cock!" Julia smiled. "Lots of cock!"
Part of me felt a feeling of foreboding. I knew what she'd said, and what I'd said. But this was no joke, Julia had done it this time.
My pretty, erstwhile innocent and virginal little girlfriend was dressed like a whore, blindfolded and eagerly awaiting whatever her friend could surprise her with. What if she wasn't quite as ready as Julia thought? Maybe it would get too much for her, maybe she'd freak out and run away.
Somehow though, I knew that Barbara was more than ready for what was coming. I cast my mind back to how she'd reacted over the past few months as she'd gradually exposed more and more of herself to strangers. Her little grin as unfamiliar eyes feasted on her willing body. Her delight as strange cocks slipped between her lips.
Barbara had taken each disgusting, immoral step with an eagerness, an appetite which only increased the more debauched her behaviour became. There hadn't been the slightest indication that she'd have any issue dealing with more than one man, when we thought Julia had arranged that before. She'd been absolutely fine with the thought of being shared around three strangers.
Julia disappeared outside, and, sure enough, was followed back in by three men, all similar age and build, around six feet tall, blond and athletically built. Three, just like she'd promised. Barbara would be pleased.
"This is Dan," Julia introduced, and each shook my hand. I nodded and smiled at each, who returned the gesture. All three were younger than me, younger than Babs too, I estimated twenty years old, or thereabouts.
"Eric," said the first.
"Vlad."
"Pete."
I detected a strong accent, but I couldn't place it. Julia filled me in.
"The boys are Russian," she explained in a low voice. "None of them speak very much English, but they certainly make up for it in other ways," she winked, gently squeezing Pete's crotch and provoking an unintelligible reply, and a grope of her breasts.
"Not now" Julia giggled but allowed him a good feel. The other two followed suit, and she soon had six hands on her body, and her tongue down Pete's throat.
"That's enough of that!" she hissed, pulling away reluctantly. "Although if you've got anything left when Babs is finished with you, then we might revisit this."
The boys shrugged, they clearly didn't understand a word. Julia gestured for them to enter the well lit room where Babs still stood, silent and expectant. I could see her chest heaving as she heard footsteps approach, and her knees bucked as she felt more than one pair of hands on her.
When they slipped the blindfold off as she saw what was in store for her, her first thought was to catch my eye, and fire the loveliest smile in my direction, before she was lost amongst a large delivery of male flesh.
***************
It was exactly a week since that night at Julia's. Amusingly, the very next day we discovered it had been our one-year anniversary. Anniversaries weren't something either of us kept track of closely. It was telling that the night when most couples would have been sharing a candlelit dinner or exchanging gifts and reminiscing, instead saw Barbara getting fucked all around Julia's house by three men.
Barbara had gasped in delight when her blindfold had been removed, and the three horny Russians had proved to be every bit as equipped for the job as Julia had indicated. They went to town on Babs. Her first orgasm came less than a minute after her blindfold was removed, so worked up the anticipation had made her.
Hands groped and grabbed her roughly, pulling and pushing her into positions where mouths, fingers and cocks could tend to the body she loved exposing so much. They had stamina which seemed unthinkable. I suspected it must have been artificial, medicated somehow. Julia shrugged when I asked her, she didn't care.
"This is why I keep inviting them back," she whispered gently, as we witnessed Babs being introduced to everything she'd admired Julia doing in her porn films, in every position and with increasing pleasure. It was as if she knew this wasn't going to be an everyday occurrence, so had decided that she was going to enjoy it. And throughout, I'd taken pictures and clips of the whole thing.
And now here we were, back in another hotel bar. Christmas and family visits had meant that Barbara had gone a full week without any kind of exposure or illicit contact. She'd had to make do with repeated viewings of her 'holiday snaps' as she loved to call the homemade hardcore pornography which had filled my phone's memory three times over.
One thing our trip to Julia's had forced a rethink on was Bab's approach to contraception. None of us had realised that Vlad would ejaculate inside her, even if the thought had crossed our minds. Babs had loved the feeling of his cum filling her up.
Once she'd taken one load inside her, she had decided to worry about it the next day, and she'd encouraged the other guys to shoot their loads up inside her too -- at least their first ones, as each of them fucked her at least twice.
This had resulted in some deliciously dirty pictures of Barbara revelling in two loads of cum sliding out of her well-fucked cunt, and a disgusting realisation that, if I was ever to follow suit, I'd now be at best the fourth man to ejaculate inside my girlfriend, despite her being a virgin when we met.
The upshot of this was Babs appreciating that she liked having the option of a cock shooting cum up inside her, when appropriate. So, she'd got a pill on prescription, a different one than she'd tried in the past and, so far, was happy that the only side-effect she could notice was a slight increase in her breast size, which she loved.
Whilst I'd also I'd loved reviewing the material from Julia's, my stamina was a fraction of Babs', and my cock was feeling the effect of her insatiable desire. I was very much hoping she'd find another outlet during the overnight stay we'd booked in this nice hotel around fifty miles from home.
Barbara had little restraint even when on her own doorstep, but the feeling of freedom from being where nobody knew us had pushed her choice of outfit from revealing to borderline obscene. We'd arrived at the hotel not long after three in the afternoon, and she'd spent hours getting ready.
Coming down at around seven, we had two drinks in the bar. Every eye, male and female alike, kept finding its way to my slutty girlfriend. She was wearing thigh-high leather boots, a matching black mini-skirt, and a tight leather corset type affair, which left a lot of her midriff bare and pushed her breasts into an attractive cleavage.
Babs volunteered to go to the bar both times, her only intention to ensure that everyone in the hotel bar had maximum opportunity to view and rate her.
The dynamic in the hotel was totally different to her usual haunts. Rather than local, parochial premises frequented by lone men filling time before a work appointment, the clientele here was couples or larger groups, staying over whilst visiting the nightlife. This was quite a big town.
As such, we spent most of the evening exploring, Barbara enjoying showing off her outfit in lots of bars, before landing back at the hotel at around midnight.
We'd had a few but were more merry than drunk. The alcohol and the eyes on her body all evening had Babs past her boiling point. I was feeling slightly nervous about what she might have in store for me -- I was barely recovered from this morning's session, she badly needed some more of her favourite medicine, and I doubted I had a fraction of what she would like.
After two drinks in the empty hotel bar, Babs had admitted defeat with resignation, and we were actually waiting for the lift when I saw her head cock to one side, and then turn. She'd heard male voices. Three young lads had pushed their way, laughing boisterously, through the rotating door, and were headed to the bar.
"Maybe just one more drink?" she winked.
We sat back down and allowed the boys to get served, before Barbara again took centre stage. As she approached the bar, one of the lads cat-called at her, but was quickly silenced by the other two, who had spotted that she wasn't alone. Barbara walked past them, holding our drinks.
The boys looked at her in awe as she deliberately walked within a couple of feet and chose a seat in which she could ensure they got the very best view of her leather clad legs, with a strip of flesh at the top below her tiny leather skirt.
"What do you think?" she whispered at me wickedly. I shrugged. There was nothing I could have said or done that would have changed her trajectory anyway, I knew that much. But diverting her from her inevitable path wasn't anything like my intention.
"Up to you," I smiled. "Not too young for you?"
"I might have said so until last week," she grinned. "But those Russians really opened my eyes!" Taking her drink, she stood and sauntered over.
"Hi boys!" She purred, standing in front of them for inspection. "Had a good night?"
"It just got a lot better," murmured the loud one. The others laughed, nervously looking over at me.
"Oh, don't mind him. He's been putting up with me for the whole holidays, I think he'd appreciate a hand," she smiled. "Isn't that right, Dan?" I raised my glass and smiled over, giving them the green light. Babs sat back on the couch, the three lads facing her. She'd deliberately sat slightly aside from the table so that her whole beautiful body was visible to them. She crossed her legs. Their eyes were exactly where she wanted them.
"So yeah, we've had a nice night. We were just going to bed, to be honest, until you came in -- the place is dead!"
"The town is jumping, like," one of the boys piped up. "The clubs are jam packed. But we've got a game tomorrow."
"A game?"
"Yeah, football. We play for Lancaster University; we've got a game with the local team tomorrow. Otherwise, we'd still be out."
"Very responsible of you," Barbara smiled. "Clubbing isn't really our thing. Do you want to see what is?"
The boys exchanged confused looks and shrugs. Babs stood and walked over to me. Her skirt had ridden up, and she deliberately didn't adjust it, leaving both buttocks exposed to six astonished eyes. Smiling knowingly at me, she dug into her bag, pulling out her phone, and returned to the group.
Despite its overuse, my cock began to harden. A few weeks ago, I doubted Babs would have had the courage to approach three young men, much as she'd have fantasised about it. But her time at Julia's, and her amazing experience there, had pushed her confidence through the roof.
"So, I'm just going to dive straight in -- there's not a lot of time for messing about. I'm a bit of a... let's say I'm an exhibitionist. I love dressing up like this, and I love being the centre of attention. I especially love getting really naughty for the camera. Do you want to see?"
No answer was required. The faces, as ever, were more than enough to give her the go ahead.
She'd spent some time organising the latest batch of pictures, but she started, as she liked to do, with some glamourous, teasing shots.
"What do you think?" She smiled, as the boys absorbed the sight of this stunning woman flicking through photos of herself gradually exposing more flesh to them. None had much to say other than grunts and admiring noises.
"This is just the beginning -- I've got thousands of pictures, literally. Have you got any requests? Favourite outfits, that sort of thing?"
The lads made eye contact with each other, struggling to contain their laughter at the ludicrous situation they found themselves in. The loud one, unsurprisingly, was first to shout up.
"Tennis player," he giggled. He didn't suspect for a moment that Babs would be able to comply.
"Well, it so happens," she smiled, flicking through for a moment before turning the phone around and showing the incredulous eyes.
I was as familiar with the shots as Babs was, and new this was an early shoot we did. Whilst there was very little material which could be considered 'explicit', the last shot, which was my attempt to replicate the famous 'tennis player lifting her skirt up to flash her bum' went down very well.
"Anything else?"
"Nurse?" came the optimistic request.
"Coming right up!" Babs smiled. The nurse shoot was definitely going to get them going, I thought. Sure enough, when Babs' clean white top popped open just a few pictures in to reveal a white bra, which was very soon pulled down to free her lovely tits, this provoked excited disbelief.
"Fucking hell!" was the general response.
"You like it?" Barbara smiled. "I think you'll like what comes next!"
The boys watched in awed silence as Barbara took them through her strip, until she was naked save for white stockings and suspenders."
"Jesus, lady, are you for real?" The young man was looking around. "I mean, this is some sort of setup, right?"
"You tell me," Babs grinned. "But for the time being, anything else you want to see me doing?"
"Show us something you think we'll like." The boy who had yet to speak up to now found his voice.
"Right! Well, I think I know just the thing!" Babs smiled. She proceeded to take them through a more recent set, with her dressed in black leather, similar to tonight's outfit. I knew how this ended, and watched their faces, looking forward to the moment of realisation.
Babs was naked within the first few shots, and she quickly adopted some truly explicit poses. The set finished with her ramming the handle of a leather whip, which was handily fashioned in a phallic shape, deep into her cunt.
"What do you think?" She smiled sweetly. The atmosphere had changed drastically. All three young men were speechless for a moment, until:
"I know what I'd like to see," the loud one said. "My cock in your mouth!"
"Fucking hell Olly!" his angered friend said. "Sorry, he's had a lot to drink."
"That's OK," Babs smiled sweetly. "But I don't think I've got any of those yet. How about this though?"
She'd scrolled to one from the other night. She was smiling up into my camera with one Russian cock pushed deep into her throat, with another in each hand.
They haven't beenconver
She held the picture up for them to digest. As she did so, she lifted her legs, the sharp heels of her kinky boots digging into the couch. Letting her legs fall apart, her lack of underwear was immediately appreciated. Sitting there, legs apart and pussy on display, with a picture of her handling three cocks, she was no doubt hardening the current three cocks.
"So, back to your room?"
The three sets of eyes (four, as I was glued to the scene too) fixed on her bare pussy were just what she needed. As if she hadn't been blatant enough, she slid her hand down between her legs, and slipped two well-manicured fingers inside herself, before reaching up to her mouth and tasting her moisture.
The drinks were left on the table and there was a hurried rush to the lift. I glanced over at the bar and saw the barmaid raise her eyebrows at me knowingly. It wasn't had to see what was going on, a woman dressed like a whore getting into a lift with four men. I guessed she might see some interesting sights in her job, but wondered if she'd seen anything like Barbara before.
"What are you going to do to me," Barbara demanded as the doors slid closed. She pulled the first face she could reach close and began kissing him passionately Taking their cue, hands began feeling her up, and she responded by rubbing the front of two boy's trousers. I realised the lift hadn't moved.
"What floor?" I asked, jolting the mass of lust that Babs had created back to reality for a moment.
"Eleven," came the reply from a face nuzzled into my girlfriend's breasts.
By the time the lift had reached floor four, Babs was on her knees and freeing the first cock she could. The other two were out as soon as it became clear that was acceptable behaviour. When the lift stopped unexpectedly at floor eight, I was the only one to notice the doors slide open and a elderly couple looking with interest and surprise at the scene of Babs handling three cocks expertly.
I nodded at them genially, pressing the button repeatedly as they opted against getting in with us.
"We're going down," the man explained.
"A bit like her," his wife added, with expert timing.
Luckily the boy's room was directly opposite the lift, and Babs was spread on the middle of the three single beds seconds after the lift reaching the twelfth floor.
"I'm yours tonight boys. Do what you want to me. I'll do anything!" As she spoke one hand freed a breast and grasped it hard, whilst the other found its way between her legs. Without doubt she'd have brought herself to a shuddering orgasm in no time, but the boys had other ideas.
Her throat was soon being fucked roughly. Barbara took it like her a pro -- because she'd learned from a professional, Julia. All of the lads were rock-hard, despite having consumed quite a lot of alcohol. Once each of them had sampled her pussy and her mouth, things started getting dirtier.
"Fucking hell, she loves this," one commented, having coaxed a guttural groan from Babs by pushing his thumb deep into her anus as he fucked her from behind. She certainly did, I smiled to myself, reminded of how easily and eagerly she took the Russian cocks in every orifice last week. The boys still didn't realise what they had coming.
Soon his cock had replaced his thumb. I noticed that two of the lads had donned a condom, but this guy hadn't bothered. Babs couldn't have cared less -- as long as a cock was in her, that was all she needed, anything else was an afterthought.
One of them had dug into his bag, and returned with a thick, black, permanent marker. Taking Bab's invitation to do whatever he wanted very literally, he scrawled across her stomach: 'I Love Cock' -- using the heart symbol to signify the love. Babs seemed to like this, showing no objection and even giggling slightly, in the few seconds she was able to separate herself from the cock in her mouth.
The boys took turns with the pen, and before too long my girlfriend was daubed with all kinds of disgusting slogans and invitations.
'Cum Slut' her forehead and cheeks announced.
'Easy Whore," proclaimed her tits.
"Fuck Me!" on one inner thigh
"Wet Cunt!" on the other, accompanied by an arrow pointing to the target.
I thought I'd seen everything, but this very basic and blatant marking of Barbara was bizarrely arousing. She loved it too. The more they treated her like a piece of fuck meat, the happier she was.
She had to persuade them to fill her cunt and asshole at the same time. Although they were initially reluctant, they were unable to resist her open invitation. Her screams as she experienced again the feeling of total submission and fullness she'd discovered just the previous week threatened to alert hotel security, so a cock was pushed deep into her throat to shut her up.
She bucked and convulsed as they pounded her, constantly reminding her what she'd become.
"Fucking hell Ian! How fucking dirty is this one! You could pay ten grand and you wouldn't get a whore half as dirty as this fucking slut!"
"Jesus, I know. But she's a fucking stunner with it. And look how much she loves cock!"
Barbara revelled in them talking about her as if she wasn't there -- just an object for them to stick their cocks into.
Miraculously, all three of them reached orgasm simultaneously. Or perhaps it was the sight of my girlfriend enjoying their three cocks so much which set them all off. Either way, two began squirting in Babs' face, just as the guy who'd opted against a condom started to unload inside her tightest of holes. Barbara's face was a picture.
"Fucking yes! That's what I need. Cum in my face and cum up my fucking tight little arsehole!"
I was hypnotised at the sight of her. She was utterly lost now, a slave to cock and sperm. Her face was plastered with semen which slid down her cheeks and chin, and pooled in her cleavage. The sperm was mixing with the black marker and smudging the filthy words scrawled across her body, and the pristine white sheets were becoming more stained as the dirty mess found its way onto the bed.
Barbara was still open legged on the bed, unashamed and fingering herself gently. She wanted more. Unfortunately, these boys were not of the calibre of the Russians, and there was no chance of a repeat performance from any of them right now. She tried to coax some life from the one guy who had not immediately collapsed unconscious, but there was nothing doing.
"I think you need to meet the rest of the team!" he laughed, amazed at Barbara's unending appetite. Barbara's ears pricked up.
"The rest of the team?"
And so, not long after seven a.m. a knock came on the door. We'd slept in the single bed. When Babs was woken by her phone at six thirty, I was firstly amazed that she'd had the presence of thought, after everything that happened last night, to set an alarm. And I was amused to see her take the top sheet with her as she rose to shower -- her coating of sperm had dried and stuck it firmly to her body.
After peeling the sheet off and having a shower, I was even more amused to note that the scribbles the boys had adorned on her body were still very visible, albeit faded a little. 'Cum Slut' and 'I Love Cock' was clear to read on her face and tits.
She slid last night's outfit back on. Her make-up was on our room, and her hair was not its usual tidy and well looked after sight. Even so, she looked stunning, even with the clear evidence of last night's debauchery visible on her face.
"Do you think they'll turn up?"
The lad who still slept soundly beside us on the next bed along had been pretty much press-ganged by Babs into contacting one of the team, who had thankfully responded to his text with interest. When he'd called, Barbara had taken the phone and explained to Tim, the guy on the line, that if they were able to get there before check-out tomorrow there would be a very interesting surprise waiting for them.
The situation was complicated by the fact that the boys needed to report to the rest of the team by nine-thirty. It was testament to Barbara's dedication in her quest for strange cock that she'd managed to arrange for the boys to arrive nearly two hours early.
But she had painted a very graphic picture of what they could expect if they could make it, and the enthusiastic confirmation from the boy who was still flat-out beside us seemed to seal the deal. But Barbara was nervous.
"They probably thought it was a wind-up. They would have had to get up a couple of hours ago to make it here on time. Oh, Jesus I really hope they can make it. Imagine if they do -- if..."
She was interrupted by a knocking on the door and leapt up immediately. There were four faces greeting her, and she welcomed them like returning heroes.
"Oh, thank you guys so much for coming! I know you said you would, but I had my doubts. You must think I'm a bit crazy?!"
"Just a bit," said the first one. "But fucking hell, Chris wasn't joking. We thought he was taking the piss but look at you! Jesus -- did they write on you?"
"Just a bit!" Barbara slipped straight out of her leather top, letting her breasts free and revealing what these guys thought of her.
"Easy Whore," read one of the boys who had not yet spoken. He laughed a little nervously, looking at his friends "Is that true?"
"Only one way to find out!" Barbara winked.
Barbara ushered them in, her face a picture of excitement. I couldn't help but smile at how happy she looked. She had no interest in the boys' looks or personalities. All that she cared about was that four new, fresh penises had arrived.
Turning to face them again, she introduced herself to each with a long kiss, letting their tongues explore he mouth and responding in kind. She made appreciative noises as hands found their way around her bare top and leather-clad rear and legs. Throughout, each hand was feeling around the crotches of her new friends, constantly encouraging the arousal she needed so much.
Finally, she lay back on the bed, opening her legs to reveal the pussy their friends had already enjoyed so much just a few hours earlier.
Three of the young men began approaching, but one was standing looking a little nonplussed. As his friends began to get to grips with my girlfriend, he found his voice, and the words he spoke changed everything.
"Miss... Miss Stainthorpe?"
Barbara froze. 'Miss Stainthorpe' wasn't a name she'd expected to hear. The only time she was called that was at work. By her colleagues, or..."
"Timothy?" She looked like she'd seen a ghost. "Timothy Cartwright?"
"Yes," he replied quietly. The same Tim who Barbara had graphically and enthusiastically convinced to travel over here this morning with promises to repeat the debauched sex acts which several of his friends had already enjoyed, was one of her ex-pupils! Given that eleven was the age her students moved on to high school, and that Tim and his friends were now clearly eighteen, this meant Tim was taught by Babs before she became a headmistress, at least seven years ago.
There was no hiding place, no room for misunderstanding or confusion. I 'heart' cock was scrawled across her belly, fuck fuck's sake! Tim's old teacher was spread open, ready to be fucked by, it seemed, anyone.
Barbara gulped, and for the first time I could remember I saw a hint of doubt in her eyes. What was she going to do?