Bright lights flashing all around me. Blue. Then red. I kept zoning in and out of consciousness. What was happening? My training, m..m..my so called courage evaded me in a flash. As I walked through the threshold of this three story mansion, I looked to my left...blood splattered along the walls. I glanced right and witnessed bullet holes along the wall where a family portrait used to hang. The apparent discolouration of the light yellow wall gave it away. What was I doing here? Do I belong here?? What has my life become?!
The constant radio chatter playing in the background. Every now and then I'd pick up a few sentences, or certain words would grasp my attention. I'm so dazed. I'm seeing doubles. I call out for my partner, "Caitlin?"...I cannot tell if the words are even leaving my mouth. My mouth feels dry. There's an irritating itch in the back of my throat, I didn't imagine my first day to be so shit!
"Constable Ryan, I'm going to need you and Constable Myers to monitor the situation here at the crime scene. Homeland security and the FBI have gotten a lead on the suspects and have decided to make a move. So that leaves LAPD to clean up their mess. The lab has sent personnel to collect evidence. They should be here within the next hour."
"Yes sir." Was all I could force to leave the dried up pit of death...also known as my mouth. Before I knew it, it was just us. My partner, the crime scene and me.
"You okay kiddo? The first time is always the worst. It gets better after a while...trust me."
She said it with a softness in her voice. It comforted me in a weird way...I don't know how to explain it. Not long after the crime scene was cleared, Caitlin walked up to me and looked me in the eyes and said, "I know what will help calm your nerves. When I first started in the force, my partner taught me a few tricks"
With that being said, she moved closer towards me. Putting both arms around my back and pulling me closer to her. I didn't know what was happening, but I sure as hell wasn't going to stop it! We passionately kissed for what seemed an eternity! Exchanging saliva and pleasuring each other. She let out soft moans as I reached down and squeezed a handful off her ass cheeks. 28 years old and she had an amazing body, since full set of breasts. They weren't overly big, but they suited her shape. He ass was something special, not too big but the kind of ass you stare at while hitting on chicks at the bar. I was flabbergasted! Was this really happening?
With my free hand I undid the buttons on her trousers, unzipping them soon after. Letting her navy blue pants drop to the floor, I know it's rude to stare but I couldn't help myself. Caitlin wore some Victoria's Secret, bright pink lace panties. Barely covering anything, I caught a quick glimpse of a cleanly shaven pubic mound. Caitlin looked up to me and explained,
"I checked upstairs during my initial inspection...there's a king bed with our names on it..."
I followed her up the winding staircase watching as her ass jiggled up and down. She turned towards me as she got to the end off the bed, I wasn't going to waste any time. Grabbing her shoulders, I forcefully pushed her back onto the bed. Caitlin yelped a bit, but the lust in her beautiful blue eyes told a different story.
Climbing on top of her, I slowly pulled down her panties...the crotch of her panties sticking to her pussy, she's already so wet. I see her clit starting to poke out. I unbutton her nearly ironed police uniform and quickly unclasp her bra letting her 32DD breasts breathe. Burying my face in her tits, I hear her moaning wanting more! Her nipples already so hard as I suck them. With my right hand, I'm slowing rubbing her clit in circles. I bring my hand up to my face, I can smell her beautiful little pussy on my fingers as I lick them clean. She pushes my head down to her dripping wet cunt.
"OHH YEAH!!"
"JUST LIKE THAT BABY! KEEP GOING! DON'T STOP!"
I sit up on my knees. Pushing her legs up towards her shoulders. Her cunt, glistening in the sunlight which floods the room. I stick my dick in for the first time and he face goes white...then she matches my rhythm and slowly gets used to the size of my 8 inch cock...
"FUCK MY PUSSY! HARDER!"
I wasn't going to argue with her, after all, I do have to obey my senior officers...I flipped her over so she's now on her knees. I have a perfect view of her tiny little asshole and her pussy which is now dripping. She's vigorously rubbing her clit, and with one loud moan...she squirts all over my dick and stomach. I've never been more turned on!! I loved it. I ate her out for a while after that before plunging my dick back into her cunt and fucking her like the wild beast she is!
"I'm cummmmmminnggg-"
Her voice trailed off and I hit my limit! Spraying stream after stream of my white, creamy sperm into her pussy. Her shuddering orgasam came to a stop soon after mine..
"What'd I tell ya kid...there's nothing to be nervous about. Can't believe you didn't believe me when I said that you'd learn on the job!"