2:00 AM
Four young friends sat in a circle within a tent at the Needy bonfire site, jointly plotting the future. After everyone else at the party had gone home, defying the don't drink, and drive rule that Margo Needy had installed, they were left with sobering thoughts. Leader by sensibility Cabot Ross took charge after a healthy drink to wash down his roasted hot dog.
"Alright, guys... I need you all to listen closely. By some fucking miracle we've gotten what we wanted..."
"Not everything." Brian Hancock posed an index finger, "I want to fuck the crap out of Elliot's mom."
"We all do. It's been a year since we infiltrated the Needy home by using Elliot. We've been patient while Margo got over the passing of her husband, giving her every reason to trust us 100%. We protected her tonight that has to mean a lot to her. We just took Elliot home and literally put the poor bastard to bed."
"At least I think I saw her snatch when she bent over to cover him up. Short nightshirt. "Brian proudly confided.
"I think I did too. Close enough. Anyway, she's consented to let us share her home while Elliot is in Europe. We can't just move in and give her immediate doubt in us. We pay our rent-on time, every time. We do fucking everything for her, dishes, yardwork, dusting, EVERYTHING. She needs to feel how much we care. It has to be more than lust. Minor flirtations made to appear as if joking around should be fine, just think before you act. That means you Hancock. I know this is going to seem dull if we don't get our way immediately, but I firmly believe that once we perform our magic, she's going to come around to us. She's already comfortable enough to wear clothes that come off as noticeably revealing. That tells me that she isn't worried about us."
"Dude! Her tits almost fell out when we hugged her. So close." Brian bites his knuckle. "Oh! Oh! And, at the bonfire earlier when she lost her belly dancing outfit. That was freaking awesome. Guys ate that shit up."
"My point exactly, Bri. We kept her safe and got her out of there. She trusts us guys."
Heath adds his own thoughts, "I just wish that video Brian took of Margo in the shower was clearer. Fucking steam only let us see a blur. Heck, even that video she made for Eric we saw her reflection but not even that was clear enough."
"At least the audio recorded her moaning when she masturbated with her shower wand. I love her moans." Eric Crowe nodded with a smirk. "Especially when we called her by the pool as she... you know... kind of had phone sex with us...not knowing it was all four of us listening in."
"We presume she masturbated. No real proof of that yet." Cabot frowned.
Eric grumbles under his breath, "I heard moans." They all had; it just was not enough at this point.
"So, what can we say and try to get away with?" Heath scratched his head.
"Compliment her with honesty." Cabot suggests, "Just don't give her the impression we only want to be there to seduce her. If we stretch this out, she might seduce us instead. A day at a time is all I'm suggesting."
"Is it too much to rub her back like we did yesterday? I almost had her dress over those titties when I rubbed her arms." Heath was proud of that endeavor.
"Margo didn't seem to let it bother her a whole lot. She just pulled herself together." Eric shrugs. "Even when we doused her and Elliot in ice water. She took it well."
"Let's not do it every day, that might weird her out. She always wears sleeveless dresses and shoulder less shirts anyway. From what I've picked up, her husband liked her in them, so she got used to wearing stuff that made him happy."
"Do you think with Elliot gone and the four of us living with her that could change? Our luck she'll start wearing a suit of armor." Brian worried.
"Somehow I don't think she will. She's set in her ways."
"I hope she wears bikinis in front of us." Heath grins.
Eric chuckles, "Or bra and panties like her modelling days. We should point out that there's no difference seeing her in a magazine and in reality."
"Good strategy." Brian puckers. "You think she suspected I swiped her shaving cream? I mean she did have an extra can on her sink." Brian stressed. "Elliot was pissed I wrote on his bed with it."
"If she did suspect, she sure led her son into seeing it without grilling us." Points out Cabot, "That means she knew you were in his bedroom and did that at least. Maybe not sneaking into her bedroom then her bath."
"What if she does suspect and is testing us?" Heath adds.
Cabot frowns, "If she was, why would she agree to rent to us? Let alone, belly dance in front of nearly 30 young studs. She was getting worked up we all know it."
"One, desperate for money. Two, she wants our dicks." Brian laughs.
"I don't think she thinks of us like that. If we play our cards right, she might start though."
"Can you imagine swimming with her? Sitting in her sauna while she only wears a towel?" Heath dreams out loud.
"All in good time Bro. Let her feel comfortable enough to join us." Cabot prompts confidently, "We can do this. Margo will open up I just know it."
"Shit! It's going to be a long day, I hope you're gonna be sober enough to drive Bri." Eric points out.
"I'm good Bro. Just need two hours shut eye and I'll be up at the crack of Margo's ass."
"I hope I make enough money painting houses to meet the rent." Heath sighs out of the blue. They all worried about that situation, none of them but Brian was well to do. Mainly because his parents had money. Cutting trees down with his dad was lucrative. His mother a head nurse at a hospital, but he never asked her for anything.
"Sucks we got to work, not just stay home and make love to Margo every day." Brian scowls.
"With all of us on a different work schedule, we should be able to each have time with her." Cabot relates, "It's 2:00 A.M. Let's set our cell alarms and meet at Brian's truck at 7:30 in the morning. We can head out to take Elliot to catch his plane in Philly."
"No shower?" Heath frowned smelling his pits.
"Good point. I say we hit the swimming pool and at least freshen up." Cabot looks toward the Needy home. Nice thought but it wouldn't happen.
"So, who gets to have Margo sit in their lap on the way there? Should be room for her to sit between whoever gets the back seat once Elliot bails."
"That's right. We want to keep her in our laps there and back both." Cabot groans.
"We can invite my brother Jeff and have him act as if he wants to see Elliot off. That keeps the seats full and Margo stuck sharing laps." Brian plans ahead.
"Good idea. Jeff can sit on Elliot's lap to hide us stripping her with our eyes. Get Jeff in on this. Now, let's go get some sleep. "Cabot adds.
"Lil' Bro won't go for that. Neither will my big Bro." Brian rolls his eyes, "I say Jeff takes the passenger front seat and the rest of you dickweeds suffer Elliot. At least his mom will keep your laps happy. I guess that means I drive home now to get Jeff. I'll be back here at 7:30." Brian crawls to his feet brushing his pants off. In agreement the boys part ways. Tents occupied the slumber went easily.
********
1:30 AM, the Needy household.
Just prior to the boys calling it a night. How Elliot managed to walk was beyond belief. He had drunk enough Jim Beam that he should be hurling. Teetering like a sleepwalker at best he managed to find Margo.
"Mom?" Elliot groggily found his adoptive mother Margo Needy stretched out on her basement sofa weeping. Having discarded her nightshirt earlier she now wore a sheer white micro night gown with an overabundant cleavage. She looks over her shoulder at his unexpected arrival. Sitting in front of an open flame in the gas fireplace nurturing a glass of red wine she offers a miserable pout. "Are you okay?"
"Just missing you already." She tugs at her short hem to cover the fact that she wasn't wearing panties. "Sit with me?"
"Sure." He plops down next to her, very used to her attire. He had seen her wear this impossible to hide from nightie many times in the past. He liked her in it but never once let on that he noticed. Hell, he had laid it on his bed and humped it when he was 17. Perv that he was. At least he didn't wear it.
Curling her legs up she reaches out to pull him into her as a comfort, "It's hard for me to let go Elliot. Here all alone in this big mansion in the mountains, it seems like the start of a horror movie."
He snuggles up closer with her overlooking her chest mashing against him. Her scent was intoxicating. He found his hand on her knee, but she didn't let it bother her in the least. "You wanted me to accept this scholarship and all that it involves. I was happy staying here."
"You need to realize your potential sweetheart. While I need to learn to survive on my own. I can't coddle my baby forever." She kisses his forehead multiple times.
"At least you have the guys. I think it's kind of cool that you agreed to rent to them. They're all big boys they can take good care of you."
Her eyes flare at his perception, she too had realized their size and protective nature. In some ways it was attractive. She chalked that up to loneliness. It did worry her a little that the boys might come on strong the more time they spent alone with her. Not a bad thing, not certain of a good thing. Her head was a tad mixed up at the moment. Damned emotions. Her years married to Darryl and his dominant expectations of her, she had done it all. Loving every minute of it in her nymphomaniac mind. Once he was gone, her zest for such openness faded a bit. She knew she required sex but chasing it was not easy. She had no driver's license, no close friends, only Elliot to fall back on. Until now! Not sexually concerning her son but depending on him for other things. The only time he drove their cars was to catch the bus when he was still in high school. Not even he had a license. Things were never easy. Most everything was delivered to them, including groceries. The sex she needed was always on the backburner. Toys were a wonderful hobby.
"I'm confident they will. Are you all packed?"
"Yes. I finished packing before the party. I think I have everything. It's a good thing we're going to the airport in Brian's pickup truck, otherwise I wouldn't have anywhere to store my luggage. His bed comes in useful."
In her mind she envisions an actual bed with Brian offering her a place to stretch out. That thought spooked her, for all of three minutes, then it seemed inviting. It had to be hormones. Of course, it was.
"A two-hour drive to the airport all cramped up is not my idea of fun." She confesses.
"I know. At least we don't have to pay for an Uber or a cab. That would cost a fortune."
"Says the young man who pawns his mother off to his friend's laps. Don't worry Elliot I won't sit on yours and embarrass you in front of your friends. I'll just be beet red all the way there and back."
"Now you're making me feel guilty."
"Don't be. I'll be fine as long as they keep their hands to themselves." She truly hoped that they wouldn't. Margo found herself rubbing her leg rather than holding her gown down. If he looked hard Elliot might just see a thing of beauty.
"They will. The guys really respect you." Not even close!
"I think so too." In her mind she alters her vocalized opinion, shuddering at the possibility she might be wrong, "Not too respectful I hope." Margo had sat there just before Elliot came down, fantasizing about the boys. She couldn't be obvious, so she was already sorting out her right from wrong anticipation. Part of her knew she needed to behave for Elliot's sake, the other felt compelled to see just what the boys might be like without her son around. Sipping her wine, she hid a sly grin.
"I'm risking my life by not wearing a seatbelt, Elliot. I hope whoever I'm sitting on has strong arms to be a human belt buckle."
"They all are." He laughs, "That sounded funny Mom."
"You better get another couple hours sleep. Brian and Cabot said they would be here at 8:00 sharp. We can't leave much later than that or you will miss your flight. Keep your ticket and passport in your suitcase so we don't leave home without it."
"Already thought of that. You need sleep too." He leans over and kisses her cheek. Regardless of her attire she yanks him into a smothering hug. His balance off, his hand landed directly on her upper thigh. In his hug he hadn't realized his fingers had slipped up under the hem drift of her nightie. All said and done he let her sob on his shoulder. Ten minutes later he got up without even thinking of where his hand had been. She hadn't really figured it out herself. Good thing.
Alone again, Margo looked down at her nightie and smiled, "I know exactly what I'm wearing this morning." As a former model, fashion meant everything. Eye candy to the rich and famous, not to mention the lustful, and the pervs. Giving Elliot time to settle in upstairs she reached between her couch cushion and procured a hidden vibrating dildo. It was large and very useful. Stretching out with one leg on the cushion, she lifts her gown and fires up her toy. Placing it directly on her clit she closed her eyes and pictured the ride to Philly. Dirty images filled her desires making her squirm and cum quickly. Continuing her stimulation, she mumbled her personal desires.
"Boys? Are you all looking up my skirt? Silly me I forgot to put on panties. Brian you're so crude, watch the road, not me." This led to, "Is that a big erection under my bare bottom Cabot? Oh my! Brian is hitting every bump in the road. I hope my bouncing over your lap doesn't hurt you Cabot. Thank you for holding my legs so I don't fly all over the backseat Eric... Heath. Such strong young men." She moans vividly picturing their hands sliding up under her skirt to rub her pussy. Time to cum again. After a weakening orgasm Margo Needy lay back and sighs, "God, I hope they can't keep their eyes and hands off of me." She closes her eyes for two minutes before sitting up quickly, "What are you doing Margo? You can't do that, nor can you let it happen. You have to live with these boys for who knows how long. Behave."
Concluding it time to get sleep she takes her wine and her toy with her. Silently climbing her two staircases she looks over her shoulder and down the steps. "Are you watching my butt Heath? Shame on you. You want to take me to bed with you? Have to catch me first." She giggles and races quietly to her bedroom door then leans against it envisioning being caught and kissed all over. She was soaked between her thighs. Sighing loudly, she opens the door and goes to her bed, throwing herself on to the mattress picturing herself being hurled by a greedy roommate. This time Brian was ravishing her body. Her mind was pretty screwed up at the moment. Having worn herself out with her toy a third time she thanks Cabot for her latest orgasm. Tired but aware she takes on Eric just for good measure. The boys just could not leave her alone. Her sheets a stained mess Margo sits up and cries. No rest for the weary. Nothing but those pesky muscle relaxers might get in her way. Margo would regret them as the morning drug on.
********
As her alarm went off at 6:30 AM she crawled from bed groggily, the relaxers in her system after the bonfire, had wanted her to sleep more, even though her sensual activity ignored them. She knew she couldn't give in to temptation. A hot shower to cleanse her stank she perfumed up from head to toe. She then, set about finding the dress she wanted to wear. Locating it amid her hundreds of outfits she held a white mini dress up in front of her in a mirror. It had spaghetti straps to hold a very, very low cleavage from falling further. It was roomie over her bust, loose the rest of the way down, flaring out in the skirt but barely covering her butt cheeks with a sheer lace. It was not that much different than her prior nightie, only the silky nightgown was now soft cotton, almost like a t-shirt.
"Mmm! This should get some attention. Panties? No panties? I'll compromise, panties there, none back home. That way Elliot can't get upset with me more than he probably will seeing me in the dress. He's just going to have to get over it." Thin lacey white G-string it was, shamelessly invisible right up the crack of her ass.
Dressed she brushed out her gently wavy brown hair then opted for a white tiara that lay flat holding her hair down. She looked darn cute in it. Make up touched to perfection she even applied red lipstick. Margo Needy was stunning. As always!
Hearing Elliot tromping around in his bedroom getting dressed, she headed downstairs to make him breakfast. That ended up being a bowl of cereal. She didn't want to risk getting her white dress dirty. Noting the time on her cell she suddenly got a text. Reading it she smiled then looked up.
"They're here early." She shuffles through her home excitedly and opens the front door. Outside stood not four boys, but a fifth. Her brow peaked at the addition. Putting on short heels from a shoe closet she takes a walk out to meet them. They all stood, backs to Brian's truck looking smug. Almost like a police lineup.
"We figured it was better to be early than run late." Cabot called out.
"See Jeff?" Brian Hancock whispered, "I told you she was Gal Gadot's twin with a hint of Sophie Turner."
"Who might this be Brian?" She reaches them and beguiles them with a warm smile.
"This is my older brother Jeff. He's 21."
"If I look like Gal Gadot, Jeff here is Henry Cavill." She winks having heard the whisper. Jeff did favor the man a bit.
"Nice to meet you, Miss Gadot."
"I even wore a tiara." She giggles. "No invisible plane I'm afraid." Although her dress did accent her areolas as if transparent but not so much. Her deep tan filtered through as plain as day.
"You look crazy hot Mrs. Needy." Heath complimented her. She blushed slightly and stepped over to peck him on the cheek. Now he blushed.
"Question Brian... just what is the seating arrangement now that we're becoming a clown car?" She frowns with a curiously raised brow.
"I figure I drive. My bro takes the front seat. Cabot, Elliot, Heath, and Eric crush together in the back. You ride backseat shotgun."
"For two hours there. Two back." She dreaded.
"Safer inside than riding in my bed."
"Why can we not take two cars?" She fidgets not truly wanting that but aiming to sound reasonable. It would have been easy enough to let them drive one of Darryl's stored autos. There was no fun in that though.
"None of their cars are as dependable as my truck. We do want to get Elliot there without any breakdowns, don't we?" Brian adds.
"This is true. I hope your air works, today is supposed to be a scorcher. I'm almost afraid to wear this dress. If I sweat too much it might become... shall we say... as if wearing that ice water last night."
"That dress looks awesome on you Mrs. Needy." Jeff defends the possibility. "Bri tells me you used to be a model. I can tell. You have runway legs."
"Aw! That's sweet of you to say. That deserves a peck on the cheek too." She eases in and plants her palms on his chest to offer him a kiss. He shocks her with one of his own. Jeff like his brother had rock hard pecs from working out. The touch gave her goosebumps. Her nipples arriving at a similar conclusion, even though they were constantly erect. "Mmm! your cologne is intoxicating."
"So is your perfume. I hope you don't mind my saying this but so are you."
"Flattery will get you everywhere." She beguiles him with perfect teeth. That of course led to compliments from those who had failed to do so. She made her rounds pecking cheeks. Sighing, she fans herself with her fingers as if overheated, "I had better check on Elliot." Turning she wiggles away with flared eyes dancing the Lambada. "Oh my god! This day is going to be so hot." The heat was on.
"Did I not tell you this bitch was smoking hot, Bro?" Brian excitedly reassures Jeff.
"I'd fuck her. A couple hundred times even."
"Give us time to work our magic you just might get to." Cabot grins.
"You should have come to the party." Heath chimes in, "She lost her belly dancing skirt. So awesome."
"She's certainly... friendly. Wonder if she would rent me a closet to live in." Jeff chuckles.
Brian puckers at the option. "Your lease is coming up. We can hint around after we get on her good side."
"We can work on that but for now we stick to our plan." Cabot directs the group.
A unified, "Right." confirms their dedication to doing this scam perfectly.
"I'll go in and help Elliot bring his bags down." Heath sprints toward the house and enters just in time to see Margo and Elliot on their way down. Seeing Heath, Elliot scowls.
"Now you show up."
"Sorry Bro. Let me grab that duffle." Stealing it he wags his eyebrows at Margo. Merely smiling she attempted to contain her reaction. Instead choosing to follow the boys out. Locking up the house she joins everyone at the truck. Suicide doors open on both sides the boys begin climbing in. Elliot, after he and Heath had put his luggage in the truck bed entered on the driver's side. Heath took the middle meeting Cabot, Eric on Cabot's right, Elliot on the driver's side door. Once settled in Brian shuts the back door on him.
With only Margo and Jeff on the ground he opts to assist her inside. Brian raced around the front to watch as she teetered on the step side in her heels. Falling forward over Eric, her palm caught his crotch to maintain balance. His sweats bulging high beneath her touch. In his mind all she had to do was curl her fingers and his hand job would be a success. Blushing she apologized continuing her ascent. She was certainly not sorry. Jeff and Brian get a healthy look up her skirt to discover a G-string band lost between tight cheeks. Amid her fall they were lucky to see a white clam from behind. The brothers expressed favorable nods and shared fist bumps.
"Good lord. How do you boys get into this thing?" She giggles knowing the brothers had seen her bare bottom, possibly more. Her gaze maintained on those in the truck, the boys already eying her cleavage with a hopeful expectation. Elliot who was realizing what a hangover was closed his eyes and lowered his sunglasses. Head hung low he couldn't have cared less what troubles his mother was experiencing.
"It takes time, but we always manage." Eric laughs. He meant getting inside Margo. They all fantasized of tagging Miss Gadot's clone. Cabot held her hand until she could safely enter and crawl over their laps. Choosing Cabot she sits down, discovering a healthy erection beneath his own comfy sweatpants. Eyes sparkling, she looks over her shoulder at Cabot and smiles. He knew that she knew he wasn't wearing underwear. Looking around her Margo discovered that only Elliot had jeans on. She hadn't noticed before now that everybody else was wearing either long sweats or cut off short sweats. It became blatantly obvious none of them had underwear on. Within her expressionless thoughts she achieved an eager, "Mmm!" Fanning herself under pressure she settles over Cabot and rests back against his chest. He put his arms around her waist and sighed over her shoulder.
"Kind of crammed in here Margo. I'm going to have to put my arms around you."
"That's to be expected." His hands lower to her hips, fingers lightly gripping her. She trembled looking left at Elliot to see if he caught on to their mischief. He was clueless playing a handheld video game as best as he could under the brightness. Earplugs in with music blaring he couldn't even hear a word anyone said. He was defying the slight hangover to the best of his ability.
Margo wiggled over Cabot's lap for better comfort. He was hard already. "Perfect!" She shivered, "Brian... air conditioning please."
As Jeff gets in and shuts his door he turns to look back at Margo. Her legs forced apart to each side of Cabot's, offering him a ground zero look at her G-string. She knew he was checking her out and pleasantly put her hands in her lap to hide herself, not wanting him to think she was doing it on purpose. Of course, she was. Her bashful grin said it all. A wink on his part he turned around.
"This is going to be a long ride." She hears Eric say.
Cabot places his chin on her shoulder whispering in her ear, "We might need to play musical laps Margo. Our legs are going to fall asleep."
"Understood. I took some muscle relaxers last night. If I nod off just wake me up." No way were they going to wake her if that happened. Even Margo contemplated feigning slumber just to see what they might pull.
Brian starts the engine, then the air conditioning blew directly at Margo through the opening between seats. She tensed up at the sudden chill, "Oh my! That feels lovely. Thank you, Brian."
"Anything for you, Landlady." He looks at her in his rearview mirror. She could see his eyes looking back in his reflection. They were directed at her chest. She smiled, primping at her cleavage for fun and tried to relax. Seconds later they were on the road. The stretch of gravel road leading them out was bumpy. She was tossed about just as she imagined she might be. Luckily, Cabot held her firmly, his arms encircling her waist, fingers fanning lower over her thighs pressing her skirt down to literally touch her lower abdomen. She sighed and remained calm, loving his tempting compression. Reaching asphalt, the roads intersected, and Brian took a left. Even the better road was bumpy. She remained in Cabot's lap for thirty minutes. His erection moving about under her made her incredibly wet, so wet she worried that she herself might stain his grey sweats. He was in Heaven. What worried him was jizzing without even touching himself.
Switching off to Eric's lap he made certain that she wasn't sitting on her skirt. She feigned ignorance even though she knew her entire bare bottom was on his swollen erection. Eric had dared to peel his sweats down just enough that his thick crown was out from under the waistband and allowed her to sit on his cock, skin to skin. She knew! Sticky flesh, warm, and throbbing was hard to miss, did she react negatively? No! Let them think she was naïve. "God yes!" She contained her thrill. Her fantasy had come true. She made certain to let his cock mold along her butt crack. Reacting as if seeking comfort, she encouraged his sweats even lower just using her butt movements. Four inches of seven was right up against her and he was looking to Cabot mouthing his awe. Curling up between her cheeks it was certainly hard to miss. Still, she played it off and used her cell to bide her time.
Another thirty minutes found Elliot asleep leaning his head on the door. Margo drowsy herself was encouraged over to Heath's seat, Eric hiding his manhood before being seen, even though his skin peeled from hers with an erotic stimulation to both individuals. Shared respect between Eric and Cabot was all nods.
In her movement Cabot lifted her skirt without her notice to let them get a good look at her ass. Eric snapped a pic of it with his cell. In her adjusted seating, her hands found Heath's leg near his own serious hard on. Awkwardly she climbed over Cabot's leg, her cleavage dangling low offering Heath a look down her dress. In her struggle Cabot reached to his own lap and tugged his sweats down revealing his eight-inch python wagging it at her bare ass. Again, Eric took a pic. Sneaky bastards.
'This is so difficult." She reaches Heath but felt the need to face the other boys, her back to Elliot. Lifting her legs, she stretches them out over Cabot, who had swiftly put his penis away before being busted. Her toes touching Eric's lap. "Eric? Take my heels off before I hurt you." He did so and tossed them to the floorboard. From there he observed her wiggling her toes for circulation. Heath with his arm around her waist did his best to keep her upper body aloft. "My feet are asleep." She pouts, "Eric rub them."
"I can do that." He swiftly grips one foot in both hands kneading her heel and toes separately.
"That feels lovely."
"To think we have another hour there and two more back with you in our laps." Cabot shook his head smirking.
"It could be worse." She winks, "What if I were a hundred pounds heavier instead of a meager 135?"
"35 in your boobs." Brian blurts out from the front.
"40! Watch the road young man." She recalled her fantasy. Some of it was certainly coming true. There was still time for more.
"Are your legs asleep too Margo?" Cabot hopes for a yes.
"My whole body is asleep. "She groans.
"Object?" He gravitates a hand over her knee.
"If it offers sensation again you may." She watches him rub her leg vigorously as Eric continues her foot massage. She trembled at their attentiveness. Heath holding her up recalls their hug a day earlier when her top nearly fell to her breasts. Inspiration striking him he uses his free hand, laying his arm on her cleavage to squeeze her shoulder. She cranes her neck at his good intentions. In squeezing he brushed her spaghetti strap off of her shoulder to drape over her bicep. The dress drifted slightly lower on her breast. Heath grinning at Cabot without her notice found him nodding toward her other strap. If both straps dangled it increased the chances of more skin. Risking it he moves his cradling arm up to squeeze her other shoulder. Margo was shameless, her son snoring right behind her.
Successful in wisping away her second strap her dress toppled lower until 50% of her melons were visible. She kept her eyes closed even as Cabot's rubbing moved higher to her upper thighs. She was enjoying this body massage immensely. Jeff looking back from the front seat bulged his eyes. Not wanting to be left out he unbuckled his seatbelt and turned sideways as best as he could.
"Need help?" He grins as Margo opens her eyes, lowering her chin as Heath massages her neck. Contorting a bit carefully she lifts her left leg away from Eric's foot massage and wiggles her right toes to attract him over to those. He took the bait. As tedious as it was Margo shifted her weight to lay back on Heath. Her legs widening to place her left leg between the front seats over a wide-open console, led Jeff to begin massaging her leg. Her G-string was totally in sight, even the skin above it.
"What would I do without you boys? This is heavenly." She tilted her head toward Heath and sighed. "Do NOT stop working my shoulders. Harder the better." He puts more effort into it forcing her forward a bit. Her dress dipping even lower nearly reveals both areolas. Risky she knew with Elliot behind her, but Margo was not going to cover herself. Let them see. Let them touch. As Cabot's fingers sweep gently across her panties she tenses up.
'Sorry Margo. How am I doing otherwise?"
"You sir are good with your hands. All of you are. Never stop."
Eric wondered what she might do if he lifted her leg to his shoulder. Attempting it, Cabot stared at him worried she might feel pain in the dramatic move. Easing back further against Heath his hands slipped forward over her tits. She moaned faintly, feeding that moan Jeff rolled his palm up her left leg reaching as far as he could. Two inches shy of panties. Breathing heavily, they all found themselves startled by the blaring horn of a semi.
"Brian? I said watch the road."
In the jarring Elliot woke up staring outside. Feeling him touch her with an elbow Margo quickly recalled her limbs from her admirers and sat up straight. Heath's dick mighty beneath her bottom. A fast tug at her cleavage even they were back to normal. She knew the boys were disappointed. So was she. With Elliot awake she chose to chat with him the rest of the way to the airport. How could she deny her boy?
********
Arriving early, Brian found a parking spot, and everyone got out to stretch. All eyes on Margo as she put her heels on and touched her toes, popping her back. Once everyone was limber the trek through the terminal ended in a lengthy wait. It was a good thing they had Elliot's luggage to disguise their behemoth erections. Time enough to check in his luggage. It was there the boys said their goodbyes to their would-be friend. Elliot cried. Margo bawled. The boys rubbed their noses trying not to shed a tear. If they did it was fake. Good riddance nerd. Yes, inwardly the boys only cared about his mom. They hid that fact well. Boarding calls over the speaker they watched Margo and her son embrace one last time before he walked out to board the plane. Thirty minutes later Elliot was in the air and out of the way.
Brian and Cabot fist bump each other. Now the fun could officially begin. Comforting Margo, they swarm her as they had at her home when she embraced the idea of renting to them. Again, Heath finds it in him to escort her spaghetti straps from supporting her dress. In their smothering, her cleavage expanded as she bawled. The guys were only thinking of themselves, using her emotions to disguise her loss. Brian rubs her back briskly encouraging the dress to ease lower still. She had no care over it at the moment. Using his shirt to dab her eyes Cabot broke the circle, and the silence.
"Cry on my shoulder Margo. Let it all out." He meant her breasts, but it never once occurred to her anything other than her tears. As she sobs on his shoulder Heath caressed her long brown hair lovingly. To both sides of her Eric and Jeff rubbed her shoulders. "Come on Mrs. Needy let's go home."
Concealing her they led her through the terminal, her dress barely clinging to her bosom. Each step her tits bounced making the loss inevitable. Somehow, they managed to get her back to the truck with it still masking her nipples. Climbing in Jeff literally picks her up and lifts her over the laps of the boys. She sniveled and clung to Cabot shaking like a leaf, Eric lifting her legs back up in hopes to comfort her removed her shoes again. Heath behind her but offering more room now that Elliot was out of their hair, sat sideways to continue petting her goddess mane.
"Thank you for being here for me, all of you." She chokes up. All three boys in the back seat pampered her. Quietly with concern the boys resumed gentle massages. She absorbed them while processing her loss.
Engine started the trip home began. Ten minutes on the road Margo cried herself to sleep. Those pesky muscle relaxers still effective and pushed to do their job with her emotions spent. Guided to stretch out over their laps face up she lay over Heath as he cradled her head and looked at her chest. Tempted he pinches her cleavages hem and lifts it for a horizontal view of hidden nipples. He took a picture for everyone to get a look. In her stupor, hands roamed her legs again, ever so softly, Cabot lifting her skirt up so that Eric could take a picture of her G-string tightening up between her labia. Uncertain just how far to go they just pampered her legs. Heath faintly rolling his palm over her cleavage could feel her nipples on his lifeline. Her tits were magnificent.
Suddenly, she revives and whimpers, "I need to pee."
"We're on the interstate." Brian winces.
"Pull over. I'll squat in a hurry if I have too." She pleads.
Brian brakes slowly until he could pull off onto the shoulder, flashers warning those on the road of a potential living flasher. "I hope no state troopers drive by." Jeff opens both doors and assists her out. He looks both directions for safety telling her to hurry. Right in front of everyone she removes her G-string and hands it to Jeff who claimed it with an expression of awe. Squatting she pees right there on the edge of the road, cars honking at seeing her. Pretty amazing just watching her pee they thought. Every guy in the truck nodded with expectation that she wouldn't reclaim her underwear.
Finishing up Margo stands and shivers holding her hands over her chest. It was then that she realized just how low her dress was drooping. Looking it over she leaves it as it is and starts back up into the truck. In bending forward her chest lets them in on areolas. She ignored it and found Cabot's lap. Behind her Jeff admires her bare bottom, pussy damp and all. As Jeff shuts the door, she decides to curl up again over all three laps sideways this time. As she closes her eyes to try sleeping, she lets Cabot lift her skirt and rub her hip. Eric begins on her legs again. Heath was left rubbing her back, reaching out to find all of her back this time. Realizing a thin lengthy zipper on her back Heath inches it down revealing more flesh.
Four minutes later Margo fans herself dramatically, "It's so hot in here." Crawling to seat herself on Cabot's bulging sweats she closes her eyes to feel the cool air blowing from the front. In a bold move she stretches forward and lays over the console between the seats, tits crushing against it at first then drooping over it as the console maintained her tummy. The air was directly in her face now. "Yesssssssss! Massage me." She needed pampering as her heavy eyes could hardly keep open.
To her right Jeff looked up at Brian and tossed him her G-string. After a swift inhale of them he dangles the string over his rearview mirror and let them hang. Jeff then went to work rubbing her bare shoulders. Brian noticed both tits were totally free of her dress and grins. It was hell to stay on the road.
In behind her the three backseat riders sat forward and participated the only way they could. Claiming both of her legs Heath and Eric stretch her out over their laps leaving Cabot in the middle to rub her inside thighs. Her wet pussy in plain view drew fast attention. Looking over her at Jeff rubbing her back Cabot reaches for her zipper and pulls it as far down as it could go. Namely, her butt crack. This gave Cabot a chance to rub her lower back as Jeff roamed her shoulders.
"Yessss! My back hurts so bad." She whimpers, hiding her face amid her fallen hair.
Eric eying her skirt dares to lift it over her ass entirely. His cellphone recording their every move without her knowing. No words were spoken by any of the boys, they had concluded that silence would keep her calm. Margo Needy might as well have been nude. Hell, she was! Even Brian decided to just massage her scalp to entertain himself.
Eric and Heath had one hand rubbing her legs and their other hands beneath their sweats stroking their cocks. Cabot wanted to do the same but found himself continuing his back massage which switched over to her butt cheeks. Strangely, he avoided her pussy altogether. Fear of making her panic in her stupor? Respect? Mostly fear. Margo Needy revived just enough to reclaim her dignity. Realizing how far she had let things escalate she lifts herself awkwardly and covers her chest. Both Jeff and Brian quickly vacated their hands save for assisting her up. The boys in back stopped touching themselves as she eased toward them.
Cabot pulled her skirt back into hiding her cheeks and guides her back into his lap. Almost shyly Margo curled up into Cabot and fell fast asleep. Seeing her timid recovery, the boys chose to behave the rest of the journey. Zipped up and all, she looked presentable upon arrival.
"Rise and shine Sleeping Beauty."
"Are... we home?"
Cabot brushes the hair from Margo's face. Reviving slowly, she narrows her eyes against the sunlight. Slightly embarrassed by her behavior earlier she sits up as Eric climbs out of the truck. Jeff offers a hand up to her which she accepts, carefully exiting the truck. On her feet outside the truck, he hands her the G-string and kisses her on the cheek. She whimpers, "I'm sorry if I..." He puts a finger to her lips.
"Don't mention it. Everyone probably got a little too handsy on the way there too. No offense but with your looks that's pretty difficult not to do."
"I know. As a model I've felt my fair share of groping. To be honest I don't mind it." Puckering, Jeff casually nods and dares to reach out to gently palm her breasts. Eyebrows peaking at his fondling she fidgets, "I suppose I asked for that."
"Nice and tight. Boob job?"
"Silicone City." She frowns as he removes his hands. For a rare second, she looked disappointed. Moving around Jeff she immediately runs into the other four but holds her palms up to her own breasts, "Sorry, but these belong to me." Her tune had certainly changed seeing as they had massaged everything but what was classified off limits. Cabot stepping aside motions the others to do the same. Right now, Margo Needy required space. Losing her son was taking its toll on her emotions. For now... let sleeping dogs lie. Even lap dogs.
"You boys can start moving in when you pay your first month's rent." She folds her arms over her chest as her hands rub a sudden chill to her body. Maybe Darryl was telling her to control herself at the moment. Maybe her inner demons were being scolded for bad behavior. Unusual considering Darryl liked her teasing qualities. At any rate she just needed to breathe.
"Let's go guys." Cabot encourages them. "Call us if you need anything Margo. Do you need a few days by yourself before we take up residence?"
"No. I... don't want to be alone long. I need you boys." She confessed with a pout. "Thank you all for my massage, it certainly relieved the tension."
"At least your tension was relieved." Brian chuckles. She felt badly that they were being sent home so stiff.
"Anytime you need another one, all you got to do is tell us." Heath smirked, "Our hands are yours."
"I love the sound of that. It was nice to meet you, Jeffrey. You are welcome here anytime you want to visit."
"Even my hands?" He winks.
"As long as they are kept to yourself unless I allow more. I need to clear my thoughts on everything. Just know that I am not offended by your... attentions. None of yours. All I ask is that we learn not to cross lines. That includes me."
"No problem." Cabot speaks for the others. They knew to agree and keep things civil as long as possible to let her come around on her own. They were more convinced than ever that Margo Needy would definitely open up in their favor. Their patience would make her crazy.
As the boys hop into Brian's truck for the drive to their current homes, Margo stood on the porch waving. With a honk to say goodbye Brian left the estate in a hurry. Alone, Margo felt the silence hit her like a brick. The tears returned. Strangely, she used her thong to dab her cheeks.
"I feel like such a slut." Her pout became a smile. "Of course, I am. Did I make you proud Darryl?" She was certain he was kissing her neck. "Mm! I'm going to terrorize them for you Husband. Enjoy the show."
Darryl Needy's spirit patted her ass. At least it felt as if it had.
"Do you want me to go to the attic?"
Giggling she did just that.
A secret for now.