"Okay, I am going to need a drink," you said as we got nearer the club. We have been driving for about half an hour by this point.
"You know what, me too. And something to eat as well," I said as I grabbed the phone to search for an appropriate spot.
"Just at the supermarket?" I asked
"Anywhere where I can get something to drink. I need it to settle myself," you said as you looked at the new map route I chose.
I smiled as I could see that you were sitting nearer and nearer the steering wheel the closer we came to our destination. And to be honest, I was feeling the butterflies as well.
When we floated the idea some weeks ago that we wanted to go to a sex club, I was nervous as hell. It was something that we always hinted about. Usually when we were naked and inside each other, taking dirty about how good we would look fucking in front of other people, them watching us and we watching them.
It was a few weeks ago when we were sitting in the bar that you floated the idea. It was also when you gave me that look as you said it. I had to put my glass down. I knew that look. And the dirty smile that accompanied it. It meant you were thinking about something, and usually it means something amazing was in store for us.
"So, I found this place. What do you think about it?" you said as you spun your cellphone around and pushed it over the table.
With a raised eyebrow I leaned in and looked at the glowing screen.
It was the homepage of a social club? It was a club that... when it clicked what this was my heart skipped a beat. Picking the phone up I read the description and details of the venue displayed in the soft glow again..
"Your serious, aren't you?" I asked. "And you can stop blushing as well," I smiled as I gave you your phone back.
Tucking your hair behind your ear you took your phone back and switched the screen off.
"Well, we talked about it, and I think it will be exiting. And it is something to try out at least once," you said as you put your cell away.
There was a small silence as I looked at you.
"I think we should do it, and I want to got there with you," I grinned.
The little devils sparked in your eyes as you bit your lip.
"Okay, then let me find out some details," you said. As we clinked our glasses, there were some big smiles on our faces we could not hide.
That was three weeks ago, and now that we are actually on our way it was a bit surreal. Following the satnav we found the supermarket and parked in the lot. As we both got out and walked to the shop, our breath misting in the cold evening air.
Not finding anything that we really wanted to eat, you got a small bottle of Chenin Blanc and a health bar. But the way I was feeling, I walked out with two tins of rum and coke and a snack, hoping this could calm my nerves and buffer the liquor I was about to have.
When we got into the car we looked at each other. The absurdity of the moment caught up with us and we started giggling like mad.
"What the hell are we like," I mentioned as we got our laughter under control.
You just cracked your bottle, toasted me and said, "Well, like hell am I doing this cold sober," and took a long sip.
We sat there having our meagre fare, looking at each other and laughing with the absurdity of it all. In an hour or two we are going to be naked in front of other people. It was hell of an exiting but also frightening. But looking at you I was so ready to be the one with you, as your blonde hair, full breasts and shapely legs will definitely take eyes of me.
Crunching the last can I looked up and said, "Okay, so shall we do this?"
"Pffff," you exhaled. "Okay, let's go," you said as you turned the key.
"One sec," I said as I jumped out the car for a second to throw away our rubbish. Walking in the sniping cold it was a relief to get back into the hot car.
"Hold this and navigate," you said as you handed me your phone. Five minutes later we crunched our tires into the turn off at a large building with a car park that was suspiciously dark.
"Let me carry that for you," I said as I took your bag and we walked over the gravel to the front portal entrance, no signage visible at all. The door was open and we stepped into a very gently lit foyer and seeing something like a check-in counter that was staffed we approached it.
We got greeted very warmly by two female attendants at the desk.
"First time here?" was the inevitable question.
"Yes" we both said almost in unison and laughed as we then proceeded with some formalities and paperwork which took near to no time.
"So that is it, and, seeing that this is your first time, would you like a tour?" the attendant asked.
It did not look too busy so we agreed, and a few seconds later the concierge arrived to show us around. He escorted us around the club and showed us all the play areas and facilities. He was very kind and discreet, and it looked like we were some of the first people there, so we took some seats at the bar, and ordered some drinks. The bar staff were very easy going and we got chatting about this and that, how the place works and the evenings they had.
We had a good laugh about the dance floor and the mention of disco evenings. The thought of us dancing to Abba naked had us in stitches.
As the place started to fill up we were aware of the ice clinking in our empty glasses. In my defence I did drink faster than usual because of the nerves, but looking at your glass, so did you.
"Lets take a walk," I suggested, and with refreshed drinks in hand we did a walkabout of the club, this time on our own. Going out of the bar area and turning right there was a area dominated by a large St. Andrews cross and a cage. You had a look at the cage and it did not spur any expression on your face. But when we walked around the cross you stroked the leather upholstery and with casted eyes gave me a small smile.
"We have to try this some time," you said in a hushed tone.
"Me or you on there?," I asked, knowing the answer.
"Well, if it is you that strap me in, me first" you answered looking at the leather cuffs.
"I would love to. Especially if I can have you facing it," I said as put my drink down and raised your hands to the top of the posts.
"I think you would like to struggle again at the bindings. More so if people watch me smack your ass," I said as I pinned your wrists up above your head, the position making you stick your chest out.
"I like those moments when I have you tied up and strapped down, with a small paddle or horse whip. Your face covered by a mask so you cannot see what is happening.. Those moments when you think you know when the blow will hit but have to wait till actually does. You have a lovely little tense moment in anticipation and when it does not come, you release. And the squeal you make when the unexpected hit marks your fair skin and makes it wells up a little is a big turn on for me," I said as I looked deep in your eyes.
I saw the blush rise on your neck as you thought about it, and just the little dart of the eyes into mine as your smile let me know the truth of what I said. "Well, that sounds way better than the cage," you said as you lowered your arms and took my hand. Leaving this area we walked over to the jacuzzi pool room.
The heat and humidity of the warm water was tangible as we looked over a large tub that could easily sit twenty people. Some cubbyholes was discreetly secreted around the area, cushioned for play. Off to the sides there were some showers as well, so all in all a place for water and all it's myriad forms of pleasure. A locker room was off to the side as well. With no one there and the heat making us feel stickier than usual in our clothes, we walked across into a corridor, and found a large open room.
Looking at the space with some sofas and a oval bed placed in the middle, we remembered that this was introduced as a couples only play area. Standing there arm in arm with you I turned to you.
"I think we should start here".
"Really? Like, right now?" you answered.
"Yes. Lets go get undressed. I so want to be naked with you," I said, and taking you by the hand we made our way back to the locker room.
As we walked back I could feel your hand getting warm and it was slightly perspiring. Glancing I could see you were steeling yourself. I was worried that it was something I was pushing you into, but then looking at the slight smile on your face and you softly biting your lip I could see you were getting exited about the prospect.
Turning into the locker we took a key and getting our bag I started undressing, feeling really exposed. But having been in boarding school I was used to it, but what I was not used to was you undressing and seeing the sheer lace fabric of your cutaway bodysuit you did not tell me you were wearing. It was soft peach coloured, with golden studs and embroidery. It stretched around your neck and down your sides, not covering your breasts. The clinging material stretched over your skin and hips, leaving your crotch open, and I could see your naked smooth mons. The thin material left nothing to the imagination as I could see your backside and deliciously round rump.
It was with some difficulty that I had to tear my eyes away, as my cock betrayed me. I could feel myself getting aroused as I was looking at you. As it was just us there, I looked at you and as you shut the door to the locker our eyes met.
"You okay to do this?" I asked.
"Are you okay to do this?" you replied.
"Of course. I am here with you", I said as I took your hand and we walked out of the dressing room.
Passing through the pool area we walked into the communal area, the damp of the hot air giving way to a blast of colder air on our skin, but to their credit the place was nicely snug, even walking naked through the club. I did not know why I was thinking of this, maybe it was my mind trying to cope with the idea that I was about to have sex with you in the midst of like minded people where everyone could just walk in on us. I had no idea what to expect.
But I was lucky you were there.
As we entered the communal couples only play area, I stopped for a bit. Thinking to look at where I wanted to go with you, I was surprised when you took me by the hand and led me to the centre couch, and spun me around.
"Sit" you ordered.
Not thinking I sat down.
"Put your foot on the seat and lean back" you commanded.
Leaning back I could feel the material of the soft upholstery and lifting my foot onto the couch I was spread open, exposing myself. I don't know if it was the position I was in or the sight of you getting down on your knees but I was hard in seconds.
I could see your wicked smile as you wrapped your soft hands around my raging hard-on. Looking at me with those ice blue eyes you licked the underside of my shaft from the bottom to the top in one long sensual stroke.
"Mmhh, this is my favourite... I love this", you murmured as you tasted my pre-cum from the build-up the whole evening. Slowly licking the top you sucked all the slickness off that seeped out during the evening of being totally turned on by you.
Leaning back I just enjoyed the attention you were giving me. It was incredible to think we were both here, and I was getting an amazing blowjob right where people can see us. It was more arousing than I could have imagined..
The slow sucking noises you made was incredible to hear as well as feel. Your soft lips gripping onto me as you slowly pulled and pushed on my rod, and your tongue licking me in flat, broad caresses that was beginning to slowly build up an unstoppable feeling. Wanting to edge myself as close as I could without cumming into your warm throat, I wound my hand into your long blonde hair and slowed you down.
"Just like this, slower" I said as I held your head still and undulated my hips in a leisurely motion. Your hands crept up my legs and gripped my ass, pushing me into your mouth with each stroke, taking me a little deeper each time.
I had to slowly pull you off my cock, your lips riding up my shaft and with a smack it popped off as it reached the end. I was so close to cumming. The amazing sensations had to stop otherwise I would have spurted all my cum into your open throat.. You must have known as you saw I was breathing hard by now.
Coming onto your knees you reached up and ran your hands over my chest. Coming up to kiss me, you first gave my nipple a lick and nip, making me involuntarily let out a soft moan. Your lips found mine and as you kissed me I could taste myself on you. Slowly we made out on the couch, unaware of anything around us.
After long slow kisses and drifting out hand over each other we pulled apart. I looked over the room and got a wicked grin. Standing up I reached for your hand and said, "Come with me." Offering me your hand I pulled you up. Taking a few steps backwards I guided you over to the stylish meridiene.
"Turn around," I said as I gently gave you a dance like spin and pushed the small of your back against the raised side.
Looking at me you were a bit puzzled but just smiled, and holding your shoulders and reaching for the back of your knees with my other arm, I tilted you backwards and lowered you. The back of your shoulders were on the seat, and you were almost totally upside down, barring the slope of the raised rest supporting you hips as I lay you down.
You modestly kept you knees together as your hips were supported by the high armrest. Looking at me you had a coy smile on you, your hair spread in a halo around your beautiful face. I knew you wanted me to say it. You know it drives me wild for me to order you to do risqué things and push our boundaries.
"Spread your legs for me. Let me see you," I said without once taking my eyes off yours.
I could see your lips parting ever so slightly as you spread your legs slowly, bending them to the side so you spread yourself open for me in full view. The wetness of your warm juices were making your folds slowly open, stretching the warm opening so I could see the flushed pinkness of your delicious pussy.
Raising my hand I encircled your ankles, and drifting then down your calves, feeling the smoothness of your skin, I sank and draped your knees over my shoulders. It was the perfect position so I went on my knees. It was a needy hunger that overcame me so I covered you with my mouth and start sucking in slow deliberate motions on your hot cunt. The heat of you was a surprise, as you were incredibly wet as well.
I had to swallow some of your juices as I started licking you on long strokes, occasionally drifting along the little mound of your clit, putting pressure on but never touching it. I did not want you oversensitive so early. Tasting you thoroughly,I could tell I was raising your feelings up, as you slowly increased the pressure on my shoulders with your legs, pulling me in, even getting a slow languorous rhythm in.
Stopping to lick you some more, I suddenly took you and sucked your whole clit in my mouth, pulling at it like I am giving you a blowjob. I almost came myself when I heard you moan languidly, twisting your arms above your head, your nails making light scratch marks in the leather and your hands gripped it. At the same time your beautiful legs flexed as you tried to push yourself harder against my mouth.
Letting you slip out in a sudden slurp, the sudden sound made you look up, just to see me getting up, my cock painful from the rock hard erection. Grabbing your hips, your legs still over my chest and shoulder I pulled you up, just enough for me to to stand. Taking my stiff shaft in my hand I tilted forward so that my tip was in line with your glistening cunt, a mixture of your wetness and my mouth. I touched my swollen head to your wet fold and slowly slid my cock up and down your slit, lubing it, loving the feeling of the slipperiness, the smooth wetness of you.
Looking at you I did not even have to ask. You were nodding your head and as I pushed into you, you bit your lip to stifle a moan, and a little tremor ran through you. The urge to plunge deep into you was so overwhelming. I needed to bury my cock into you, as slow and as deep as I could. I could feel the lips of your entrance sliding over my shaft, gripping it tighter and tighter the deeper I penetrated into you.
Feeling that I could reach even more, I reached to your ankles and spread your legs even more, as far as I could stretch, and buried myself till I could feel your pressed against my hips, as deep as I could possibly go. Staying there for a moment, I could feel my balls starting to tighten, the telltale sign that I want to ejaculate all my seed deep deep into you. It was a bittersweet feeling as I had to stop myself, not wanting to do that yet till later, when I could see your face as I came I to you. It was a very long moment on the edge. I had to fight the yearning to cum. Slowly pulling myself out, I fell away from the urge, and taking a breath I could see you looking at me.
"I almost came just now" I said. "Wow that was close."
With a very sly and wicked grin you reached up between your legs and ran your finger through your wetness and my precum, then slowly licked it off your middle finger.
"I love it when I feel you cum in me. You can cum inside me anytime," you whispered.
Hearing that I almost came right there. The idea of you wanting me, wanting me to release inside you raised such a need in me, I could not help it. Looking you in the eyes I ran the whole length of my cock back into your tight core, enjoying the look on your face as your smile turn into a silent "oh" as your eyes closed, and pleasure flooding through you. I closed my eyes as well, just enjoying the mechanical movement of my hips, finding a rhythm that made the slow fucking I was giving you a life of its own. I was using muscles that you only feel working in that very specific movement, enjoying the fact that I can use my body to bring you pleasure, and taking it at the same time from yours, unashamedly.
I was lost in my own pleasure when I opened my eyes after a short time, looking at you, and seeing you craning your neck backwards. You were looking at something. Someone was standing in the door to the couples room, just in the shadow of the doorway, looking at us.
I could not see which of the patrons it was, but from the silhouette and the way he was leaning against the frame, it was definitely a man. You looked back at me, and your hand went to your mouth as you always do when you feel a little embarrassed, and as hard as it was to see through your flushed cheeks, I could see your blush forming. Looking back you saw the person still standing there and when you turned your face to me I could see that look in your eye, that little curl of the lip.
Dropping a leg off my shoulder, you looked at me and ran your hands over your neck, over your shoulders and your full breasts, gently tugging at he piercings and opening your hand, reached for me. As I lifted my hand to you, you held onto my wrist in a palmer grab, and pulled me towards you, at the same time I could feel your soft silky calf in the small of my back, as you held me there, grinding against me in your own new faster rhythm. The excitement if felt coming off you because we were being watched was palpable. All of a sudden we were no longer the couple spying, but the couple being the centre of attention. The idea that we were turning on other people was always a fantasy for us, making people lustful and them cumming because of us and our stories.
The silent watcher was just standing there, almost invisible, but his presence was like a spotlight being shone upon us. I enjoyed being looked at while I was fucking you, it was a whole new level of excitement. I always felt so lucky to have someone like you that I could truly enjoy and experience sex with, and this dark viewer was looking at us doing exactly that. We just had a eye witness that saw me fulfil my desires and lusts with someone as amazing as you, He saw your amazing body, lying there glistening in the soft sheen of sweat and responding to each carnal thrust from me with heavy breathing and soft moans in the almost silence.
We were always aware people heard us when we have sex, but to have someone actually observing us fucking was a different level, and by the way you are reacted to it was a most welcome response. All this flitted through my mind as you still ground into me, your legs pinning my hips and pulling me deep into you with a lustful strength I found invigorating.
I was getting close to cumming again so I had to calm myself down, but it was so, so hard. Here I was, you are clinging on to me, pulling me down inside you, being watched and you enjoying each moment of it. I needed to slow things down a bit, and with you holding on my hand, I pulled you up towards me. If we were going to let people see, I wanted them to see you in all your beauty.
"Come with me," I said.
Sliding out of you made me realise how much we fucked, because we were soaked. We took a moment to just stand there, catching our breath. Slowly spinning you around I steered you off to the left, where there was a double bed with ornate bedposts and railings. Approaching it I held onto you and fell backwards on the bed as we laughed. But it was amazing to feel you on top of me, your hot skin sliding off our combined sweat, and it always give me such a thrill when I feel your stiff nipples slide over my chest, your face near mine, your blonde falling hair making a little spaced curtained for us.
And as we kissed, I could feel you spreading your knees and the muscles on your back tense as you shifted your hips. Grabbing my hands and raising it above my head, you stopped kissing me as I felt you searching for the right position where my cock was just at your slick entrance and the light little moan as you sat back and I glided into you again.
We did not move, just enjoying the sensation till I felt the tiniest of shifts from you. Wanting to feel you move on me I took my hand and traced over your shoulder, down your side and gave your rump a loud smack. The surprised look on your face flashed indignation but the flush that followed and the deliberate slow grinding that picked up in urgency made the look of pleasure on your face even more amazing.
I was enjoying the slow sliding of you, and I put my hands on your hips feeling your muscles move as you pleasured yourself using my hardness. I love it when you use me like that. It is totally in your control and the rhythm is yours at your own speed. Just looking at you losing yourself is a treat not many people have seen and I revel in it.
I was given over to enjoying this thoroughly and at that stage I saw you were not going to stop. The urgency was too strong in you. It is a sign when you have your eyes closed and I can feel your tightness grip me even more. It is then that I know you are giving over to your lust. My hands drifted over from your hips over your breast as I reached for your neck. I slowly gripped you and put some pressure on throat as I licked my other hand and gently touched you left nipple, caressing it slowly, pinching taking care not to pull on your piercing.
Your breath immediately sped up and you grabbed my arms, not breaking at all in your rhythm, but actually slowed down, riding me with even longer slower waves as I felt myself touching you deep inside. You were looking for that place that made you cum so, so hard and you were adjusting your hips trying to find the spot. You were moving around and at all of a sudden I could not hear you breathe. Your supple body spasmed as all your muscles locked for what seemed like forever, and then release with a exhalation that sounded like you just came up for air from underwater.
Releasing my hand I tilted your head down, but in your vacant stare I could see you were still cumming as you silently swayed and shook. I held you as you gave more shakes as the orgasm took you again. And then you started gasping and collapsed forward on me, breathing like you ran a marathon. Still deep inside you I moved, but your hand shot out, grabbing me.
"Give me a second... give me a second..."I heard you say, your sweat soaked hair covering your face.
I brushed the strands out of you eyes, and revealed your lovely face, eyes closed and smiling a wicked smile. You slowly started to laugh softly.
"Are you okay?", I asked.
"Yeah... I'm okay. Just need to catch my breath" you replied.
Sliding over my chest and sitting upright I saw you lean and I lifted my knees so you could sit against them.
"Phoof, that was intense" you commented.
"Well, I hope you are ready for more, as I am desperate to have you," I said as I gave a little wiggle with my hips
This made your mouth go into a "Oh" as I still had myself inside you and the latency of the last orgasm was still there.
"How do you want me?" you asked looking down on me where you were straddling me.
Without answering I rolled over. Pinning you onto your back and taking your left leg onto my shoulder I spread your legs open and made you shift onto your right shoulder. Consumed now by the lust to just fuck you till I come, I place you enudaritaka. I slipped into you and moved myself so ours groins were as close as possible. Wanting you I just buried myself as deep as I could into you. Just enjoying the sensation I turned my head and with my lips felt your smooth skin of your ankle and reaching up started kissing your foot. Concentrating on this I was not thinking of anything until voices started to be heard on the edge of my personal pleasure space.
".... you'll see we have many. And here is our couples play room, it is very discreet only for yourself and your partner" a voice said.
Looking at you I saw you looking past us, and craning my neck I could see the concierge with another couple, being given a tour of the club. Knowing full well they heard us before they saw us I was not about to let the surprise visitors stop me from taking my pleasure in you. Looking at them I just started to fuck you again slowly, keeping eye contact and not saying a word.
I was shocked at how brazen I was. It was definitely not usual for me to behave like this. But at that moment they were not the ones that was there with you. I was flaunting the fact that I was the one naked with you, fucking you in front of strangers. I wanted to show you off, let people see how beautiful you are, how amazing sex is with you.
I was plunging into you now, seeing the waves of the force travel up your body, making your breasts sway. Turning to you I saw you looking at the couple too, raising your hand to your chest like when you feel vulnerable, but hesitating, dropping it to my chest instead. The viewers saw your full breasts move as I was stroking in and out of you.
"This way next if you would follow me" the concierge said as he walked towards the next room.
But the couple stood there, just looking at us, whispering to each other, their eyes never leaving us. The situation was pushing me ever so higher, but even then, I wanted them to leave, and in what felt like minutes they walked by, the woman sliding her hand down to cup the man's ass as she looked at us in passing still fucking each other.
There was a palpable relief as we found ourselves alone again. I was harder than ever, not quite believing what was happening, and getting lost in my own pleasure, by this point just hugging your leg and feeling you so tight on my cock, our hips slapping softly in rhythm. I looked down and caught your smile and I could see your lips moving. Shaking myself to the present I could see you raising your head a little as you looked at me with such a sincere face. Holding my gaze for a second I could hear you say, "Come... come inside me, I want to feel your cum inside me... come for me"
I could not stop it. My groin flash-heated and I contracted so hard I could feel it release, streaming up inside my shaft and spilling out in spurts into your core. I must confess, I did not think about your pleasure, as I was using you to achieve an amazing orgasm that blanked my being. I just felt pleasure on pleasure as it washed over me. As I regained my mind I could feel my wetness leaking out of you. The pleasure of feeling my cum dripping out and making your pussy even wetter, hotter and more slippery was amazing. I kept slowly sliding in and out of you even after having cum so hard, the pleasure waning but the desire to keep going so strong.
Calming down I was realised that I was still holding onto your leg, and with you smiling at me I fell into your arms as I collapsed. Not even bothering with words we just lied there for a minute or two, feeling the sweat drying off our bodies in the air conditioned room.
"Are you okay?" I managed to whisper to you.
"I am fine. How are you?" you replied in a more steadier voice than mine.
"Phwoo... that was. Well, that was amazing" I said.
"It was amazing, it was so hot" you smiled as you lied your head back on my shoulder.
We lied like that for a bit more, but the reality of life made us realise we need to leave soon to be back where we were expected. We got up and you had to visit the bathroom as I waited for you, feeling perfectly blasé with the idea we were walking around naked in front of other people.
In the pool room I had a quick rinse in the shower as I was sweaty and covered in our musk and juices. As we were walking back we saw the couple from our room relaxing in the pool, with nods between us as we left for the locker area. All this time just amazed at what has happened. We dressed and joked like we are going to go out on the town for the evening, the atmosphere not stressed or weird as I feared it would be.
The walk back was quiet and getting into the car was very civilised, I opened the door for you, and we proceeded to leave. As soon as we left the car park we started laughing like maniacs at what has just transpired. Both of us we giddy and talked and joked about it all the way back.
When we got to the end of the journey I got out of the car, taking my bag I closed the door and you lowered the window.
"That was fun to be honest," I said as I looked at you in the glow of the instrument lights.
"Shall we go again sometime?"
There was no need to see your face as I heard it in your voice when you replied, "Definitely, there is so much more to do."
We smiled at each other as the window closed, and the look before you drove off told of many more things we will explore and enjoy in the future.