At the end of Monday classes Ryan Quinones and his friends Shane and Holden caught up with Monica Gift at her locker. Today was a normal day overall. She did however wear extra snug, extra short jean cutoffs and a bright red t-shirt. A bra beneath it for support of her 34DDD's still offered a hint of nipple hard on.
"Hey Monica. We want to run an idea by you." Shane threw his backside into the locker next to hers.
Startled she darts her gaze between each of them.
"Okay. I'm listening."
"It's been a week since you did anything outrageous here at school." Ryan frowns.
"Well, yeah! Too much will get me expelled and disowned by my parents. Not too mention every guy in school wants my body." She smirks, "Which is what I thrive on."
Holden scratches his head eying her chest, "True that. I hear guys talking all the time. The good thing is I've talked with as many of them as I know and there's a rock solid pact going around not to let anybody else know. Looks like you have lots of fans."
"How long will that last though? Eggs crack. Someone will overhear them. Or, worse the wrong people will see me. Trust me I want to show off more. I just need to be careful. What I've done so far has already pushed me over the limits I once told myself I had." She points at Ryan, "Did I really need that cum bath in the Men's room, Ryan?"
He almost goes pale at her words, "Probably not. Do you regret it?"
Looking at the floor she ponders the question before grinning sheepishly, "No! Shush."
The four of them chuckle amongst each other.
"Anyway, our idea." Shane interrupted.
"Does it consist of something here at school?" She narrows her eyes.
"Nope. We want you to deliver pizza with us tonight."
She creases her brow scowling, "Don't remind me that my parents keep hinting I get a part time job."
"Just for one night. We know you don't drive. You would ride along and deliver the pizza." Holden holds his breath before saying, "Wearing a bikini."
Her curiosity is instantly intrigued, "Ooooo! That could be fun."
Ryan adds, "Here's our plan. We DARE you to do this. We all work tonight because of Monday Night Football. Monday is usually busy as hell. But, we figure you can take turns riding with us. Deliver three pizza orders. One just the bikini and the delivery hat. We'll draw straws to see who drives you then. The second delivery you untie your top and let it dangle. The final pizza you lose the bikini and deliver nude."
"Tips go into your bikini bottoms like a stripper." Holden chuckles.
She ponders the idea more, imagining the possibilities.
"What if the pizza is delivered to girls or Teachers? Or people my parents know?" She trembles.
Ryan shrugs, "I thought you thrived on risks."
With both hands she reaches up and jokingly strangles Ryan, "Curse you."
"Is that a yes?" Ryan laughs.
"I do own a micro bikini." Monica giggles, "Brazilian style. Pink with spaghetti string straps."
All three boys drop their jaws as she presses her right index finger to her lips in thought.
Ryan stammers, "I've never seen you wear that before. Not even when you sunbathe."
"I just haven't found the right occasion to experiment with it. Until now maybe. This sounds fun guys. Let's try the first delivery and go from there. Just because it's Football night doesn't mean it's only a guy thing. Girls eat pizza and cheer at touchdowns too."
"You did tell us to push you. I did last week. A lot. You still want that right?" Ryan asks.
"I do. Just no more gang jizzing on me."
Ryan shakes his head, "See? I push and now you don't want to listen to me. Us."
She sneers at him with a faint smirk added, "Guilt trip? Seriously, Ryan?"
"Let's go guys. As hot as this could be I don't think she wants to be as pushed as she let on." Ryan turns his back to her.
Both Shane and Holden look disappointed at her. She merely stares without expression.
"Stop that right this minute, Mr. Quinones. I fulfilled every dare you threw at me last week. You know that. I can't help feeling used in certain ways here. You overstepped my boundaries every time Ryan. I ended up going along with it. That should tell you something."
Stopping in his tracks he keeps his back to her, "Boundaries are meant to be crossed. You want pushed. We're pushing. Hard! You don't need our help really. You were doing fine by yourself."
"Around my house yes. Occasional flashes in public yes. But, not to the lengths I exhibited last week. I wouldn't have done that stuff if not for you Ryan. I trust you to keep me safe. All of you. I don't mind going a little further I just need to feel safe and comfortable. Last week could have ruined my life. Yet, I did it. It felt awesome to let myself feel that much freedom. Would I do it all again? As long as I have you as support yes."
Ryan turns his profile to glare back at her, "You have our support, Monica. BUT, if you are serious about us pushing you forward you should stop setting boundaries on this."
Horror attacks her senses. Fear actually entered her thoughts. By telling them to push her she had walked into her own boundary point. She had created a wall around herself.
Turning away again Ryan mutters, "Come on guys."
As they step away she stomps her foot whining, "WAIT! What are you suggesting? Be honest Ryan."
He halts yet again and walks between his friends to face her. He plants both palms on her shoulders and makes eye contact.
"I suggest that you stop the boundaries. We all know you want to be nudged further and further. If you had your way you would be naked every where you go."
"Yes. I would. But, does that mean I need to become a slut?"
"If you expect to have as much freedom as you want I'd say yes. To a certain extent."
"You want me to be a slut?" She pouts with a creased brow.
"Can you tell me in all honesty that you don't like the attention that all those guys last week wanted to give you?"
"Of course I want attention. But, does fucking guys or letting them unload all over me need to be a factor in this? Touching me is one thing. I don't mind touching. But,--"
Ryan shakes his head and holds his palms up toward her, "Don't ask us to push then."
"Ryan?" She pleads with her eyes, "Let me go with you tonight. I'll consider more but pushing too much might-"
He cuts her off, "Make you lead a normal boring life?"
"Dude! I think she wants to stop." Shane expresses at a low tone.
"NO I DON'T!! Please, let's just see how tonight goes. I'm excited by the idea of delivering with you guys."
"I'm going to push you hard. All of us will. If you start in about boundaries we're dropping you off and we're done trying to help you." He looks at Shane and Holden, "Agreed?"
Both boys nod leaving her to stare at them hopelessly. Finally she sighs loudly.
"I hate you guys."
"Love hate relationships are hot." Holden grins.
Ryan looks at her directly, "I head for work at 5:00. Be in my car by 4:50. Wear what you're wearing now with the bikini under it. Just so your parents don't wonder what's up."
"Done! Please don't be upset with me Ryan. I'll do my best to follow what you suggest of me."
"No! You WILL follow what I dare you to do. Tonight might just prove that you really don't want our help."
"I do want your help. All of you."
"When tonight is over you're going to thank us for not letting you give in to any insecurities. You're brave already Monica. You just need to conquer every other fear."
"I'm not insecure. I'm logical. Being a slut has never been my intention. I just like teasing."
"Teasing is great. But, torturing is better." Shane chuckles.
"Am I torturing them or are they torturing me?" She rolls her eyes at him.
"I give up." Ryan hisses.
Before he turns she grabs his arm.
"I DARE you to DARE me anything tonight. I'll obey even if I get into trouble. I promise."
" Prove it. Right now." Ryan glares at her.
"Dare me." She exudes confidence.
Looking around them in the hall the school had nearly vacated the building. Only a few boys and girls remained. To their knowledge those in sight were eighteen.
"Take those shorts off. Hand them to me." He orders.
Without so much as a look around her she unzips her jean shorts and lowers them to her feet. Today she had worn a black thong. Stepping out of them she hands them to him.
"Happy?" She stares without blinking.
"Shirt off. Bra and panties only."
She swiftly peels her t-shirt over her head then fans her long hair about before tossing the shirt at Holden.
"Now?" She adjusts her matching black lace bra over her burdening giants.
"You're going to walk to my car out in the parking lot just like that."
"Lead the way."
"Nope. You lead the way. Walk proud. Unafraid. Uncaring what might happen to you. Who might see you. If stopped socialize. If it's a teacher tell him it was a dare and accept detention."
Taking a deep breath she growls then steps away toward the exit doors. The students there left to witness begin to mumble and agree to offer her silent praise. Even the girls were speechless but lightly clapped. They loved her daring nature.
Slipping through the turnstile she rotated around and reached the outdoors. The steps down were filled with students. She waved at them smiling and maintained her course. Uncertain of age she just prays they were legal. On the last step before sidewalk she ran into Toby and his friend Carson . They looked as if they had seen a ghost. They had kept her secret but now that secret was moot. She was being seen by too many others.
"Hey Monica." Toby swallowed hoarsely.
"Hey Handsome. Walk with me."
The boys looked back to see Ryan and his troop trailing behind. Mad respect suddenly came over Toby. Still, he and Carson hugged closer to block her travels the best they could to be safe.
"We still won't admit to seeing you in class or the men's room."
"Thanks. I'm afraid to look back. Is anybody calling 9-1-1?"
"No but I see cell pics in action." Carson walks in step backwards beside her.
"Had to happen. I'll probably get expelled over this." She laughs at her situation.
"No faculty in sight. Maybe not. A few of our clan are doing damage control it looks like. Trust us Monica. We all have your back."
"And, my front if I recall." She hisses nearing the car lot.
Student parking had traffic moving about that slowed to literally video her with their cells.
"Where did Ryan park anyway?" She looks around not seeing his car.
She freezes in step and turns to face Ryan fanning her arms wide not knowing where to go.
Ryan, Shane, and Holden caught up with her and her entourage.
"So far so good." Ryan smirks, "Feeling invincible yet?"
"Not invincible. Very vulnerable. But, I'm not letting you down."
"Isn't that Principal Janson's convertible?" Ryan points out.
"Why yes it is Ryan." Holden chuckles.
"Monica? Go sit on his car hood."
Her face went flush yet she turned and pranced toward the Faculty's reserved parking. Finding "Lloyd Janson's" Rust colored Camaro she carefully crawls on to the car hood and sits pretty.
Toby steps over to Ryan, "What's this about?"
"I'm teaching her not to be restrained by anything. She needs to be more fearless."
Eyebrow raised Toby puckers, "She was fearless before wasn't she?"
"Yeah. She still has doubts though. Now take her picture."
Toby slowly retrieves his cell from his back pocket before standing ready.
She fidgets at the hot metal under her flesh.
"Monica?"
"Yep?" She offers a brave expression.
"Remove the bra."
No hesitation the black cups fell. She tosses her bra to Carson.
Toby immediately snaps pictures.
Behind everyone the remaining students gathered around to get a closer look.
One girl "Amber" steps up to Toby and Ryan.
"This is soooo cool. Who knew Monica had this in her."
Ryan nods at Amber, "Help keep this quiet. Spread the word. And, if anyone is under Eighteen get them out of here."
Amber zips her lip giggling, a thumbs up at Monica made her feel better inside.
"Roll over and crush your tits on the windshield right where Janson has to look out. Smudge it good so your nipples leave an impression."
She twists and complies while everyone whistles at her performance. As she pulls away her breasts left a perfect indentation of oils on the glass.
"Take the thong off and leave it under his windshield wiper. They belong to Janson now."
Writhing on the hot hood she escapes her thong to do as told. She was now totally nude on the Principal's car being watched by twenty plus students.
"Come over and greet your fans." Ryan barks.
She carefully crawls off the hood and sensually walks over to the gathered teens. Finding Amber amid six other girls Monica hopped in step letting her breasts bounce about.
"Hello." Monica looked horrified.
Amber and her friends jumped at the chance to hug her and offer their respect. They swore allegiance to her without waver.
"Hang with us sometime." A beautiful black Latino mixed girl named, "Chey" suggested.
Monica looked stunned, "Sure. You guys aren't repulsed by my slutty actions?"
"Hell no. That's some badass shit you're getting away with." Complimented another Latina named "Rosa".
Boys merged in. Some who already bore witness to her, others for the first time. She was cloaked now from uncertain age groups.
Praise meant everything. During their communication Monica tenses up smiling and turns toward Ryan. He was gone. All of the boys were. Looking about she finally spotted them in the distance. They had left her to bond while her exposures reaction set in.
"I have to go. I love all of you." Monica hugs a few then skips away toward her group.
At Ryan's car she charged through everyone and hugged Ryan tightly.
"OH MY GOD! That was incredible."
"Mad respect Bro." Toby nods.
"She's her own person. I'm just a good Sensei." Ryan chuckles patting Monica's bare bottom.
"Even the girls are cool with me." She beams.
"No more boundaries." He says commandingly.
"NONE!"
Her spirit soared.
"Good. Let's go to work."
The ride home was excitable.