Thank you to everybody who has been reading the story and writing comments. They really make me very happy. I hope you enjoy part three.
***
Gracie had slept well. She woke up still naked in her friend's spare bedroom and thought about the night before. Her two younger friends, Kelsey and AJ, and her had stripped off to help Gracie prepare for her ordeal today. It was Monday, the morning of her second visit to the Punishment Center where she would be tied up in front of the paying public and a Punishment Technician would spank her between her legs.
The twenty-nine-year-old was anxious about how the day would proceed, but, after last night, she felt better than she would have if she had spent it alone. Kelsey had pushed her to talk about her insecurities and fears and gave her strategies for lessening her anxiety today. It had been a relief that they hadn't run away when confronted with the fate that awaited Gracie. "I would have avoided me. I don't deserve how great they've been."
Instead they had helped Gracie "practice." Kelsey had lightly spanked Gracie's vagina and then allowed AJ to spank her so Gracie could watch. Gracie figured that they thought they were showing solidarity along with whatever practice they could give her. "It's strange but it's sweet of them."
She felt lucky they hadn't pushed her to talk about her third and last punishment. Later this week she would attend a private session at the Punishment Center where she would be subjected to electroshock punishment. She doubted there would be a way to practice that, safely, but, hurriedly, she tried to push that out of her mind, "You have to just get through today, Gracie."
She walked out of the bedroom into the common area, her shirt and bra were laying in a heap next to the couch, but her pants and thong were still in Kelsey's room and she didn't want to wake them too early. For some reason she couldn't put her finger on, she was more embarrassed to be walking around the apartment naked this morning than she had been spreading her legs in front of her friends last night. "That's stupid, I should get used to it for today anyway."
Compromising with herself, Gracie covered her crotch with one hand but let her perky breasts sway in front of her as she walked into the kitchen. She poured herself a glass of water from the pitcher she found in the refrigerator.
As she sipped her water, debating when to wake her friends, she heard a door squeak open and Kelsey walked into the kitchen. The short haired girl walked in, still topless but wearing the same blue underwear she'd worn the night before, having chosen a similar middle ground as Gracie.
"Hey, I heard you get up. Is everything still ok after last night?"
"Yes, of course," Gracie told her friend. The previous night had ended abruptly when it became apparent that Kelsey and AJ had become aroused and obviously wanted each other. Gracie was happy to leave them alone and she had listened to their lovemaking before falling asleep.
"I know it could have been weird. Are you sure?" Kelsey had obviously been embarrassed last night when it was revealed she was turned on by her friends.
"Yes, I promise. It's normal. I hope you had fun."
"Yeah thanks, I didn't want you to be upset. We were supposed to be helping you."
"You did, really," Gracie didn't lie. She really did think today would be easier. At the very least, spending last night with friends was a lot better than sitting at home alone.
"Ok. I know you need to shower. Let me get you a towel, and I guess you still need a razor."
"Yeah, that would be great," Gracie said. Unfortunately, she had to be completely shaved today. It was one of the policies of the Punishment Center. Supposedly it was for the hygiene of all involved, but Gracie suspected it was actually meant as just one more layer of humiliation. However, she was committed to pushing all that out of her mind, "It's just my body, everyone has one."
Kelsey disappeared back into her room for a moment, but returned shortly, "Here's this," she said tossing Gracie a plush blue towel, "There's a pack of new razors under the sink in the bathroom. You're free to use any of the shampoo and stuff that's in the shower."
Gracie thanked her and retired into the bathroom. She looked at her tangled brown hair and tan face in the mirror and frowned at her smeared makeup that must be all over her pillow. Sighing at being a bad house guest, she washed her face in the sink.
Knowing that she had more than an hour before she had to set out toward her appointment, she took her time in the shower enjoying the heat and trying to relax. Reluctantly, she removed the dark stubble that had been growing between her legs and, feeling obligated, she also shaved her legs and armpits before washing her hair with Kelsey's floral shampoo.
Feeling refreshed from the shower, she wrapped herself in the towel and combed her hair. She debated asking Kelsey to borrow make up, but decided her complexion was too different than her pale friend. "It wouldn't look good anyway."
When she left the bathroom, the smell of coffee wafted from the kitchen as she passed by.
"Good morning," AJ, wearing the same clothes as the night before, greeted her from the kitchen, "Are you ok?"
"As well as I'm going to be," Gracie responded, shrugging.
Just as she closed the bedroom door, Kelsey, now wearing gym clothes, knocked and opened it behind her. "Hey, I brought your clothes in," she said, laying them on the bed.
"Can I still borrow some underwear, like we said last night?" Gracie asked. Yesterday, she had worn a thong, and it made her nervous to wear that to the Punishment Center. It seemed too sexy for the occasion.
"Yeah, of course, I remember. I was going to ask if you wanted to borrow any other clothes. I could give you something comfortable. I have some skirts that will fit and clean shirts."
Gracie thought about it. She had worn a nice blouse and slacks last night, expecting an afternoon on the town, rather than a sleepover. They seemed too formal to wear to the Punishment Center, plus they had been laying in heaps around the apartment, so they were wrinkled and dirty. The only thing that gave her pause was taking so many of Kelsey's clothes.
Kelsey predicted that, "I really don't mind. I have lots of clothes."
"Alright, yeah, that sounds good," she decided. She grabbed her bra and followed Kelsey into the other bedroom, "I'm sure we can find a way to trade our clothes back."
"For sure," Kelsey said, rummaging through plastic drawers tucked into her closet "So I guess you're going for covering? Will these fit?"
Kelsey tossed her a pair of purple panties. Gracie examined them, "Yeah, that's perfect."
Kelsey found a t-shirt that the college had given her when she enrolled and gave Gracie a choice between a couple of silky wraparound skirts. "I'll let you get dressed. I have cereal and coffee if you want some."
When Kelsey closed the door, Gracie dropped the towel and got dressed. The purple panties fit fine, and the shirt was unisex and meant to fit any body type, so it wasn't the most attractive, but that didn't matter today. It tucked into the blue and white floral wraparound skirt that fell to her knees and secured with a knotted bow, which laid on her left hip.
When she walked out, she found her phone and wallet and sat at the round table where AJ was finishing a bowl of cereal. Gracie decided to eat, not knowing how long her appointment would last. The cereal was sugary and definitely aimed at someone younger than her. The three of them sat chatting about nothing as they all eyed the clock on their phones, willing time to move slower.
Gracie read the requirement checklist that had been emailed to her, double checking that she had everything. After shaving this morning, she passed all the requirements, she was ready for her second punishment.
Finally, Gracie asked, "You all about ready? It's time to go."
"All set," Kelsey told her.
"You girls don't have to come. I can make it myself."
"No, we're with you," AJ said.
They all slipped into their shoes and headed out. They walked, the younger girls making halfhearted attempts at conversation, but they knew, just as Gracie did, that it wasn't the time for idol chat.
When they were almost to the imposing steps of the Justice Center, Kelsey started her self-helpy spiel, "Remember what we talked about last night. Quiet the voice that nags you about insecurities. It makes the whole process easier."
"Yeah, I know."
"I'm sure you'll be fine. You'll be done in no time," Kelsey continued.
"Thanks, you two. Last night is going to make today easier."
"I hope so. Text us when you get out. You need to come over again soon."
"I will. I'm going home tonight though. I have a ride scheduled."
The three friends hugged each other. Just as Gracie turned to go, AJ grabbed her, "One more hug. I wish I could trade with you. You were so great last weekend; I wish we could help more."
"I know," Gracie was touched. AJ talked less than Kelsey but when she spoke it really mattered. "Thank you so much. I love you both."
They hugged one last time and Gracie walked alone up the stairs toward the imposing façade of the Punishment Center. "Stay strong, sister," Kelsey called behind her.
Being around the girls had given her strength, but she was on her own for the rest of the day. She walked past the forty-foot columns flanking the double doors and entered. Last time she was here it had been absolutely packed because it was a mass public punishment today. Today it was much less chaotic. A sign directed her to take the elevator down to a lower floor and to speak to the receptionist there.
This was already different than the last time, when she had checked in at the main reception window. As she descended, she realized that she might be underground. "I'm headed to the dungeons,"she thought to herself, wryly, her anxiety rising.
The elevator doors opened to a lobby. In front of her was a single receptionist sitting behind a glass window. Above the window was a sign with black lettering, "PUNISHMENT CENTER INTAKE."
"Definitely in the right place,"she shuddered to herself as she approached the window. A middle-aged man wearing a red tie greeted her and took her ID.
"You are first to arrive, today," he told her off handedly, as he typed on his computer.
That made Gracie happy. She thought it was better to get this over with. There was also less of a chance of getting behind schedule and having to wait in a holding cell for ages. "Good, that was the plan," she muttered to the man.
"Look here, please," he indicated a camera and took her picture. He worked on his computer for a few more moments. "Ok, you're all set. I see this is your second visit. You don't have an ID card this time because you're always in a secure environment. Go through the door to your left and someone will be with you when they're ready."
Gracie walked toward the heavy metal door that he was pointing toward and, as she approached, she heard a ringing as the door unlocked. Going through the portal, she saw a small room with a few chairs against the wall to her right and a brawny man in a guard uniform standing next to a door on the opposite side of the room. He didn't acknowledge her as she walked in, so she went to sit in one of the chairs.
Gracie thought that today seemed like it was going to be much more personal than the last time. Then she had been pointed to wait in line with at least a few dozen people but barely four could even fit in this waiting room. "Hopefully I don't have to see anybody that I don't have to,"she decided.
She knew basically what was going to happen. Her lawyers had given her the outline. She would meet an administrator who would have her sign some documents and let her ask questions. After that, she would be strip searched. That was going to suck, but she had survived it the previous week, though she hoped she had a female searcher. "No guarantees, though,"she thought with a shudder as she imagined a man conducting the cavity exam.
After that she would probably have to wait. She'd been told that waits in holding cells could be a few hours on bad days. Gracie was hoping being the first person on a Monday would make that less likely. Then she would be led into a viewing room where the punishment would happen. She didn't want to think about that, yet. She was happy, though, that she had practiced with Kelsey and AJ. It would have been weird to say, but today wouldn't be the first time that somebody spanked her vagina.
Of course, she knew this was going to be worse. The technician was much stronger than Kelsey and wouldn't be afraid to hurt her like her friend was. "And they're all strangers," she added to herself. She fought the intrusive thoughts, "That doesn't matter. More people saw me last week. Just take it second by second."
She felt like the wait was lasting forever. "So much for getting in and out," she thought resignedly. There were of course a lot of moving parts today. It wasn't just the guards and her. The Center wanted a full house, the publicness of her punishment was ordered by the courts.
She crossed her arms over her chest feeling the chill in the basement. A little while later there was a knock at the door behind the guard, and she was summoned through it by a man with a scruffy salt and pepper goatee wearing a black suit, "Gracie, you can come with me."
Following him through the portal, she went through a short hallway and into an office. The man went behind his desk and, having nowhere to sit, she stood in front of him.
"You can call me Mr. Alberts. I'm the Director of the Punishment Center. And you are Gracie Levingston?"
"Hi, I mean yes, Mr. Alberts," she replied flustered. Being forced to stand while he sat was a common power move. She'd seen it before, but it still worked.
"Here," he pushed a sheet of paper and pen across the desk to her, "Sign this and read it back to me, put your name in the blank."
It was the same oath she assented to last week in the cubicle with the guard, "I am Gracie Levingston and, under the threat of perjury, I have not taken any substances that could change my mood or cognitive functions." She scribbled her name on the sheet and pushed it back to him.
"Good," he said tersely. She got the feeling he led with a stern, my way or the highway style and decided not to get in his way.
"I know this is your second visit but the last one is out of the ordinary. This visit will be much more orderly. Listen to orders and move quickly. We aren't here to coddle your feelings. You shouldn't have broken the law.
"You have been sentenced to a J25 which is twenty blows to your labia and/or vulva."
Gracie fidgeted, hating to hear her fate said aloud and discomforted by the medical terminology.
Mr. Albert's kept talking, not noticing or caring about her frown, "When you leave me, you will be strip searched. After that you'll have to wait. There are five people in your section, and we can't start the procedures until all of you are onboarded and processed."
More bad news for Gracie, "I hope I don't have to watch them." She remembered watching the bald man being brought to his knees under a whip and wasn't looking forward to witnessing it again.
"After the audience is seated then you will be secured into position and the procedure will commence. Do you understand?"
Gracie couldn't think of anything. It sounded both frightening and straightforward, plus he didn't seem like someone to annoy. Silent meekness was probably best with him, maybe she could talk to a guard if a question arose.
"No, sir," she muttered shaking her head.
"Smart girl," he responded, reaching over to press a button built into his desk.
In less than a minute, a tall man with a brown mustache entered. She was handcuffed by the guard and led out of the Director's office.
She marched down the hallway through another heavy door whose lock clicked behind her as it closed. "Definitely the dungeons now," she thought to herself.
Either side of the gray concrete hallway there were a series of metal doors with small windows that were above Gracie's head. She was ushered into one of them and, when the door closed, she was released from her cuffs.
This was obviously the room she would be searched. It looked like the temporary cubicle where she stripped last time, but the furniture was less mobile. There was a heavy desk with a stool in the corner and a short table with white pads at the head and foot.
"You can sit on the table," the guard said as he sat on the stool, "I have to wait on my partner before we can get started."
Gracie really hoped it would be a woman, as she jumped onto the edge of the table, letting her legs hang off. She had already resigned herself to being searched by this man as she walked to the room, but there was more hope now. She realized they're resources must be less stretched than on one of the mass punishment days so each individual got more attention.
It was also probably good to both cut down on guards breaking the rules and make complaints harder to file if there was two guards to witness everything.
She had been instructed by her law firm to report anything that felt off to her during last weekend's punishment. However, when she told them everything she remembered they advised her that nothing reached the level of a legal complaint and the court wouldn't look kindly on wasting its time.
"I guess making it less likely they break the law is good for me, but I means I won't get out of the next punishment either." She tried to shake that idea from her mind, "Kelsey thinks accepting the inevitability makes it easier, she's probably right."
The guard pulled paperwork out from his desk and got to work as they waited. Soon, her hopes were dashed as another man walked through the door. Worse, she recognized him. It was the same gray-haired man with a buzzcut that she had avoided being searched by last time. Luckily, she didn't see any hint of recognition from him as he looked over his partner's shoulder.
They caught up with each other quietly as she watched and after a minute, the older guard walked in front of her and spoke, "Hello, Miss Levingston, you can call me Shep. I'm going to be conducting your search this morning. My partner is here to watch and to maintain accountability."
"Shouldn't there be a woman?" she asked hopefully.
"No, policy allows anybody to search anybody. Good try, though. I know you've been here before, don't try to get cute."
Gracie grimaced, knowing that wasn't the best way to get started, "I'm sorry."
"It's in our power to recommend increased punishment, don't make me have to do that," he threatened. "I'm sure you know what happens in this room, are you going to make it difficult?"
"No, sir," she answered quietly, looking down at the floor.
"Do you need the procedure explained to you, again?"
Gracie didn't, but she debated asking him to do it just to put off the search for longer, "No, I have to own this."She shook her head, still not meeting his eye.
"Good, take everything out of your pockets."
Kelsey's skirt had no pockets, but she pulled her thin wallet and phone out from where she had them tucked in her waistband and set them next to her on the table.
Shep's partner grabbed them and put them in a plastic bag that she knew she would get back when her punishment had been completed.
"Anything else?" Gracie shook her head again, so he continued, "Sit on your hands, I'm going to search your mouth and hair."
Gracie complied, shifting her hands from her lap to under her butt. The guard approached her and grabbed her jaw making her open her mouth. "He could have just asked,"Gracie felt herself getting angry. This was easier last week. She had dodged a bullet when she had talked her way into having a female guard.
After he shined a flashlight into her mouth, he ordered her to lean her head forward. He brushed roughly through her brown hair eliciting a sharp intake of breath as he pulled her hair.
"Do you have something to say?" he growled.
"What? No sir, it just hurt."
"No complaining."
She hated this whole thing, it seemed so unnecessary, "Who would try to smuggle something into prison when they were here less than a day?" She was sure they would have said it was for safety of the guards and technicians, but it was just one more layer of humiliation. Plus, he was such a jerk.
Shep stepped away from her and she knew what was next. It was time for her to get undressed. She tried to remember everything Kelsey had told her last night, "Quiet my nagging thoughts. He won't even notice everything I'm worried about. He's just looking for things that aren't there."That last thought just made her mad, "Doesn't he know he's just wasting both our time?"
Gracie realized that she wasn't even scared. "Anger is better than being embarrassed, I guess. I'll just get my clothes off quick, same as last night with the girls."
"You can start taking your clothes off now, Miss Levingston."
She wished he wouldn't say her name, but she was ready for the command. She dropped down from her seat on the table and pulled the hem of the oversized college shirt out from her skirt and, crossing her arms in front of her, pulled it over her head. She stood in her white bra and watched the second guard turn her t-shirt inside out before placing it in the bag with her wallet and phone.
Her breasts were very large, especially on her small frame. She was trying to follow Kelsey's advice, and was pushing worries about her skinny body from her mind. "Come on, Gracie, they don't even notice."
"Keep going," the guard ordered.
Her hands went to the bow on her left hip that was holding her skirt together. She fiddled with the knot and unwrapped the skirt from her waist revealing the purple cotton panties that she'd also borrowed from Kelsey this morning.
The second guard took the long piece of fabric from her and searched through it. "He must not see many wraparound skirts,"she thought as she watched him take longer than usual to deposit it into the bag. She took the time to bend over and undo her strappy sandals and placed them on the table.
"Wait for directions, you really are trouble," Shep barked at her.
Gracie just glowered at him, "Give me a break, I was trying to help." She immediately regretted her outburst as he looked surprised.
"You need to listen to directions, Miss Levingston. Your bra now," he said angrily, as the other guard stuffed her sandals into the bag.
Gracie, still fuming, reached behind her back and unhooked the clasp. She shrugged the straps off her shoulder and her large breasts jiggled in front of her, their puffy brown nipples staring at the guards. She wasn't worried about these strangers seeing her at all, maybe it was the practice last night or she was just distracted by her enmity toward the guard.
"Quit scowling, you're almost done. Keep going."
It was like Shep was trying to get a rise out of her. She knew what he was doing and tried to control herself. She hooked her thumbs into her purple panties and yanked them down to her thighs and shook them down to her ankles and stepped out of them, staring at Shep, now completely nude.
"I don't like your attitude," Shep informed her.
"I don't know what you're talking about," she said. She hadn't said anything to him.
"Yes, you do, girl. You're," he paused, "Oppositional."
It sounded like a description on one of his forms. She was certain that he was threatening her. "I've done everything you've asked," she argued.
"That's not how someone who believed that would say it. What do you think?" Shep asked his partner.
"Nope, she didn't even hand me her panties."
"Damn, he's in on it too. Get control of yourself, Gracie,"she bent down and put the small bit of fabric on the table.
The second guard placed the panties into the bag and pulled an extension out of the padded table.
"Lay on the table, I'm going to pat you down and complete the visual search before I search your cavities."
Gracie grimaced, but she obeyed. "You've got to stay quiet, Gracie, this is going to end up worse than it should be," she pleaded with herself. She pushed herself up onto the table and laid down, the extension meant it was long enough for her legs. The pads supported her head and her hips, and she had a sinking suspicion the hip supports would be used later.
"Put your hands under your bottom," Shep ordered, "Don't you remember from last time?"
She really didn't, the female guard that searched her last time just told her to keep her hands to herself and made her stand up against the wall. This was new. "I'm sorry. This is different," she told the guard, putting her arms underneath herself.
The guard felt up and down her body from her neck to her feet. She was exasperated, "What is he looking for? He could just use his eyes?"
She bit her tongue when he groped her chest. He squeezed her boobs and brushed her hands over her nipples. "Roll over. Now!" he ordered.
She complied, keeping her hands underneath her stomach now, showing her relatively flat ass to the guards.
He did the same thing, slowly moving his hands from her shoulders down to her calves. She spent extra time running his fingers between her cheeks, even though he could have just looked. They weren't big enough to hide anything.
Gracie's face was red with anger, but still trying to control herself. The guard was touching her way more than the guard had last time, but she feared he was staying just on the right side of the law. She feared what was next. He still hadn't searched her vagina or her ass for any non-existent contraband.
"I'm glad I didn't find anything. All that is left is the cavity search. Roll back on your chest and spread your legs," Shep demanded.
Gracie couldn't do anything about it. She was the prisoner and he was the guard and she wasn't even sure he had broken any rules. She remembered something Kelsey had said last night. Nobody deserves to see her naked, but it was going to happen anyway. That was supposed to make her feel good about her body and accept her fate, but it just made her angrier. "This asshole is going to get to see and touch all of me."
She rolled over and positioned her hips up onto the pad at the foot of the table, but she refused to spread her legs. The guard didn't deserve it.
"Open up," he ordered as he pushed the extension in, so her legs hung off the end.
She shook her head at him, unable to resist aloud.
"I'll write you up."
Gracie couldn't help it, and she shook her head again. She could take what was coming to her, but she didn't want to give up her dignity to this bastard.
"Fine," he responded, I'm going to search your labia and your vagina for any contraband. Do not resist.". He stood in front of her and pushed her legs apart, standing between them so she couldn't close them. With her hips up like they were, her dark lips and her anus were angled up toward him. Usually she would be worried what he thought about her darker inner lips poking through, but he didn't deserve her care.
"Gloves, please," he spoke behind him. He snapped them onto his hands and went to work. He manipulated her lips. He spread them away from each other, his fingers poking into her most private places. He made sure to run his finger roughly from her clit down to her opening.
"I don't see anything, yet. I'm going to search your birth canal now," he said flatly. He knew how to turn the screws. Using that term made it so much worse. It was so medical and reduced it down to its most basic function, making her feel less than human.
Gracie resolved to just keep staring at him and showing no emotions. She didn't want to give him any satisfaction.
He pushed two fingers into her vagina with no lubrication. It was painful and Gracie focused on relaxing her muscles, allowing him in. He pushed as far as he could, scraping against the walls. She gritted her teeth as he explored her crevices. When he pulled them out, she was proud she hadn't tried to slam her legs shut on the brute.
"Mark down I didn't find anything, despite my suspicions," he called over his shoulder, "Pass me the lube."
With her hips up in the air, she wouldn't have to turn over to give him access to her anus. Gracie wasn't sure if she was happy that she could keep staring daggers into the man.
Shep squirted a tiny amount of lube onto his finger from the bottle his partner had passed him, "I'm going to search your anus now. Do not bear down."
Gracie quickly drew in a breath and exhaled, knowing it would relax her bottom. He hadn't used enough lubrication, but, with her help, he was inside her. Last weekend, the guard had been in and out, but Shep took his time. He wiggled his finger around as Gracie tried to avoid whining.
It felt like too long, "I think you would have found whatever I was hiding."
"So, you are hiding something?"
"No," she grunted as he slowly removed his finger.
"Alright, we're done. Just so you know, I'm going to report you for opposing me."
Gracie knew that wasn't fair, but she had expected it, but she didn't want to give the man any satisfaction. This was obviously his goal. The guard disposed of his gloves and made her stay laying naked on the table as he filled out his forms.
After a few minutes, he ordered her to stand and tightened cuffs around her wrists, "Lucky for you, we have a robe for you, so you don't get too cold." After he had secured her wrists behind her, he unwrapped a fresh white robe from its plastic. She squirmed as he wrapped it around her shoulders and, reaching around her, tied the belt around her waist.
She was pushed out of the search room by the younger guard, and led a few hundred yards, through winding hallways, to another cell. It looked basically the same. Gray concrete but much smaller. The only furniture was a small bed with a thin mattress and a toilet on the back wall.
"After an administrator reads the complaint, somebody will be by to tell you the decision as to further punishment. A nurse will also be with you to take your vitals before your punishment," the mustachioed man said, "You need to get a better attitude if you're going to make it in this world."
He removed the handcuffs and left her alone in the cell.
Immediately, Gracie fixed the robe, so she was wearing it as it was intended, with her arms down the sleeves and sat down on the bed.
Gracie was still livid. "What did he mean make it in this world? I had made it. I just did something stupid. That guard was must trying to make me mad so this would happen."
Remembering Kelsey's philosophy of personal responsibility, she tried to calm herself, "I shouldn't have let that happen. That was so stupid."She remembered Kelsey's philosophy of personal responsibility, it made the other girl so Zen and able to handle anything. "I deserve it. It was my own stupidity that got me into this mess. And I made it worse by myself, it wasn't Shep's fault."
She focused on letting it all wash over her, taking deep breaths. She expected that soon somebody would come tell her what else she had earned herself. She had some knowledge as to how the Punishment Center operated. The guards would complain to an administrator, maybe Mr. Alberts, maybe somebody else and they could approve an enhancement without a judge if it was a low-level punishment.
She didn't really know what a low-level punishment was. "Maybe they'll just increase the number of blows I receive. That wouldn't be too bad."She wasn't afraid of that part. It was the publicness of the punishment that scared her. She could quiet her insecurities as much as she wanted, but her breasts and vagina weren't meant to be shown to so many people.
Gracie also worried about other options for her enhancement. She imagined Kelsey's and AJ's punishments. Kelsey had had a large butt plug inserted and AJ's ample breasts had been cinched tightly so they're circulation was cut off and they jutted out in front of her. Neither of those would interfere with her prescribed punishment but she didn't know if those were considered mild or severe punishments.
"Calm yourself, Gracie!"she screamed internally. She laid down on the bed and tried to relax. "You have to breathe, there are four people who have to be searched before we can even start."She really hoped there were more than just the two guards doing that work, feeling bad for whoever was behind her dealing with those sadists.
"It's going to be ok."She repeated it over and over. She knew she could be brave and come out stronger on the other side. She thought of how brave Kelsey and AJ had been and how much more she deserved what was coming and how prepared she felt. "Last night really helped,"she decided. She hadn't thought about her insecurities at all during the search. She'd let other emotions get in the way but that was an upgrade at least.
Over the next while, she was feeling better and as calm as she could be under the circumstances. She had heard the patter of feet on the other side of the heavy door, so she suspected that other prisoners had completed their searches and the time of her punishment was approaching.
Soon, she heard more footfalls approaching, but they stopped outside her door and stopped. In came a guard that she didn't recognize, a young woman with a mess of red hair pulled back in a ponytail. She was accompanied by another middle-aged woman carrying a clipboard and a briefcase. The second woman's uniform was different, the red cross indicating she was a nurse. Gracie sat up on the side of her bed and made sure that the robe covered her as much as possible.
The red head spoke, "Hello, Miss Levingston. Unfortunately, I have news from your disciplinary complaint."
"Yeah, about that," Gracie started, figuring she should give it a shot, "Shep, the guard, was trying to stir me up. Don't I get to say something in my defense?"
The woman's face betrayed sympathy, perhaps understanding the likelihood of Shep's role in the matter. "Unfortunately, you don't when it is a low-level complaint. The administration has wide latitude to police prisoners unless it rises to the level of a new offense."
"I'm just going to have to own it."Gracie's face dropped, but she had known since she had walked into this cell that this was inevitable. She'd screwed up, she just hoped it wasn't too bad.
"An enhancement has been added to your sentence. Nipple clamps are going to be applied to your breasts during your punishment," the guard announced, "I'm sorry."
"Well at least she felt bad,"Gracie thought. That wasn't going to be fun, but it wasn't as bad as she was imagining when thinking about AJ and Kelsey.
The guard continued, "The nurse is here to do her medical report. You already have one enhancement, don't make me request another."
"Don't worry, I'm fine now," Gracie assured her, "I'm glad it's the two of you. Having two men made it worse."
"You're just going to have to get over that, you know."
"Yeah, I know. I didn't mean to," Gracie replied, shaking her head.
The guard shrugged her shoulders and exited the cell, leaving her alone with the nurse.
The nurse stepped up with a blood pressure cuff, that she'd extracted from the briefcase, and sat next to her on the bed, "Hold still."
Gracie let her wrap it around her arm and sat in silence as she counted. When that was complete the nurse pressed a cold stethoscope against her chest and moved it around, listening to her heart and lungs.
"Do you need to make any amendments to the medical record on file?" she asked.
"No."
She scribbled the results onto her clipboard. "Alright, my work for the Punishment Center is over. I am now your medical advocate. Any questions you have I can answer, and I'm not allowed to tell anybody outside this room without your permission."
The nurse flipped through the pages on her clipboard. "Sorry that this is your punishment, hon. However, it has a low chance of causing serious injuries or side effects. The chance of bruising is low, when you get home, I would suggest any normal painkiller like Ibuprofen and ice, if you think you need it."
"Ok," Gracie replied. The news wasn't groundbreaking, but she wished she had a nurse like this last weekend. They really cut services during the mass punishments.
"You have the option, and I suggest you take it, that I can take a picture of the areas that will be punished. They are completely confidential, but they can serve as a before picture if you have a complaint to make after the procedure."
Gracie thought about it, she didn't want any pictures taken but it did make sense, "What are the chances, I'm going to need them?"
"I can't speak to that," the nurse told her.
She thought longer, figuring her lawyers would probably want this, she agreed, "Yeah, let's do it."
The woman took a tablet out of the briefcase. "Good, I'm glad. There is no downside. No one is ever going to look at these unless you request them. You can call the Punishment Center Medical Office when this is over. The number is online."
"Ok."
"I'm going to have to take three pictures, I think. I would suggest one of your breasts, since you got the new enhancement."
"That's fine."
"Open your robe. Do something with your fingers in each one so it can be identified as you. It won't have your face."
Gracie opened her robe, so her breasts were out. She crossed her fingers like she was telling a white lie and made sure they were in the shot.
"Alright, one down. Stand up and lift your robe."
Gracie complied and crossed her fingers above her mound for a moment, "Ok, I guess I should open my legs now?"
"Yes, Miss. Sorry."
Gracie sat down on the bed and spread her legs, showing her vagina to the tablet. The nurse leaned in and tapped her screen and, as she pulled back, Gracie closed her legs.
"I know that's hard, but it really is for the best. As I think you've seen in a fight with your word and a guard's, the guard will win. You want evidence."
"Yeah, it's fine. I'm starting to get used to it," Gracie told her.
"Any other questions?" the nursed asked as she put her tablet away.
"No, I think I'm set. Do you know how long it will be?"
"I'm not sure, but I think it's close to being set up."
"Ok, thanks," Gracie answered.
The nurse left Gracie alone in the cell, again. She laid back and tried to relax. She worried about having pictures taken of her naked body, but she trusted medical confidentiality. She knew she could afford lawyers to protect herself if she had to. She hadn't taken any pictures of herself in almost a decade. It must have been in college, the last time she had sexted anybody and that was seven years ago, at least. "I'm regressing,"she joked to herself, "I'm friends with a soon to be freshman and sophomore again. They make me feel young and old at the same time."
It didn't take long until she was retrieved. Perhaps twenty minutes later, the same red headed woman entered her holding cell. "Come on, Miss Levingston, you're up."
Gracie stood up and, following directions, let the guard secure her wrists behind her back. She was led down the hallway past more identical doors that must be holding others just like her. Gracie knew she must be getting close to the viewing gallery and her punishment. Against her will, her heart was beating out of her chest, thinking she was about to walk out in front of the audience at any moment. She felt her face and chest start to flush, anticipating the show she was about to put on for the crowd. After a few turns in the hallway, the guard grabbed her shoulder, "Hold up."
In front of her she saw a stage with a chair that looked like a gynecology chair. Obviously, that made sense to her. She should have predicted that, it made too much sense given what her punishment called for. She'd been in one at the doctor's office before so she knew it would allow all the access the technician would need.
She could tell that, if she walked forward fifteen feet, the room would open to her right where the audience would be sitting. She ran through her mantras trying to tamp down her growing anxiety, "They won't notice anything that I know about. They won't notice my ribs or my legs or my lips. They're distracted by everything else,"she grimaced at the last thought, but decided that was ok. "Letting them see the good parts is the punishment, don't worry about anything else."
The red headed guard released Gracie from her handcuffs, "Take off the robe. Don't make me do it for you, please"
Gracie didn't have to be told twice. Her hands unwrapped the belt around her waist. She opened the garment and let it fall away. The guard caught it and, rolling it in a ball, deposited it in a barrel.
The guard bound her hands in front of her now, but it was a single length of brown leather that wrapped around and was secured like a belt, instead of handcuffs. It had a small silver eyelet where she could be clipped into place, presumably on the stirrup-ed chair out on the stage.
Then Gracie heard what she was dreading. Doors swung open and she heard hundreds of footfalls as her fellow citizens were allowed into the theater where, soon, they would watch her be punished. "They're here to admire you. You're going to be ok."Despite her internal bravado she was glad that her hands here in front of her and she could cover her lips for now.
The sounds of people finding their seats continued apace. She was surprised it wasn't louder. Last weekend the crowd had been raucous, but maybe having to pay for tickets made people act with more decorum.
"Am I first?" she wondered. That was what she wanted when she signed up for the earliest time slot but, now, she worried that made a difference for the crowd. Maybe they would be meaner or something. "Why does that matter? I don't care about them," she argued with herself.
She waited, trying to calm herself by thinking about her friends. "I'll call them when this is over. It's not going to be too long from now. They're so wonderful, I don't deserve them.
She thought about last night, when she had orgasmed while listening to them hooking up. "I hope they stay together. It seems meant to be."Usually she was cynical about that kind of thing, relationships at eighteen and nineteen don't usually last, but they were her friends, she wanted them to be special.
Footsteps were still echoing in from the next room, but the sound was ebbing. It must be close to being filled. "I'm going to be fine. I'm going to be fine."She knew she would be. The corporal punishments weren't supposed to leave any long-term injuries, the welts from her caning had faded and could only be seen on the closest inspection.
Just as Gracie started to feel at peace with her lot, two men brushed by her on their way to the stage. One was in a formal guard's uniform that she recognized as what the master of ceremonies wore, and the other was an anonymous man, the Punishment Technician, in blue scrubs and a surgical mask pushing a wheeled cart with tens of drawers that held all the instruments he might need. Gracie knew it was time now. She was going to have to put her preparations to the test.
The MC carried a cordless microphone and started to address the crowd, "Hello ladies and gentlemen, in a few minutes the day's scheduled punishments will begin. We would like to thank you for participating in the justice system by viewing these punishments and let, for those sentenced to watch them, let them be a warning to you."
That surprised Gracie, she didn't know that sentence existed. She didn't enjoy watching people last weekend so it might even be an effective punishment for small time offenses.
"The first sentence you will see today is to a young lady who has been convicted of financial fraud," the man continued.
This MC takes his job more seriously than the one had last week. "He is making this a lesson and a warning to the audience," she thought.
"Gracie Levingston has been sentenced to twenty spanks from the technician's hands to her bare labia and/or vulva. Additionally, because of poor behavior this morning, nipple clamps will be applied to her breasts."
He was testing her serenity, but none of that really scared her. She was as ready as she could be. "Its going to be over really quickly. Ten more minutes, max."
"Guard, bring the prisoner. Mr. Technician, I concede the stage to you."
The red headed guard pushed her out onto the stage, her breasts jiggling in front of her but, luckily, her mound still covered for the time being. To her surprise, as she entered view, there was applause. She'd expected boos and hoots from the assembly, like there had been from the crowd last week. This was very new but not unwelcome given the alternatives.
Gracie looked out at the crowd, she guessed there were a hundred, perhaps two hundred, people out there. The room looked less like a theatre and more like a lecture hall. There were two rows of steps moving up toward the doors that split the seats into three sections. She noticed, perhaps, slightly more men than women but it wasn't extremely one sided and there was a range of ages.
To her left was a blank wall but higher up on it was a screen that had her name and the headshot that had been taken of her earlier at the intake window. She pushed back the regret at not applying makeup this morning just like Kelsey had told her to do, "Besides they're clapping for me. They like me." That didn't matter if that was true, it's what she was going to believe.
The red headed guard stayed with her until they got to the center of the low stage and the technician took ahold of her arm. She looked at the technician, he was tall, and he had green eyes. His hands were large, but they didn't grip her too tightly, though he was certainly stronger than her if he needed to be.
He positioned her so she was facing the audience, standing in front of the chair. It was padded and had straps that would be holding her down. It had no arms, just the stirrups which were currently turned out to side
"Sit down," he ordered in a low whisper so that only she could hear.
She complied moving backward and hopping slightly up on to the small, shallow seat perturbed that her crotch would be hanging slightly off the end. "Full access,"she thought. He took her bound wrists and put them over her head and attached the silver ring. The movement forced her perky boobs to stand out more as her muscles pulled them up. The seat was angled so she was leaning back rather than sitting up straight. For now, she could keep her legs sealed together, hiding her lips from the public a little longer.
"I'm going to apply the clamps now, please don't resist me," he told her quietly.
Gracie grimaced but shook her head, "I won't. I'm ready for this."
The man raised his eyebrows at her, "Ok, then." He walked to his cart and extracted a small length of light chain that had a rubber clip at either end.
"Those don't look too bad,"Gracie thought. She had been imagining something with teeth.
The technician returned and stood to her right. He grabbed the breast closest to him and ran his fingers over her brown, puffy nipple as they hardened beneath his touch. After a moment he pinched it slightly and pulled it out, and he attached the clip to it.
Then something surprising happened, it hurt but something also stirred between her legs. He moved on to repeating the process with the chocolate nipple on her other breast. The same thing happened. It kind of felt nice as he rubbed it to attention. The bite of the clamp put a damper on the pleasure, but she wasn't in agony.
Gracie didn't know what to think. She wasn't embarrassed. It was natural just like when Kelsey and AJ had gotten aroused the night before. "It will pass. It's ok that it happened,"she told herself.
Next, he crossed two leather straps over her torso. One crossed over her belly and the other under her armpits and above her breasts. Her upper body was secured now.
Gracie knew what must be coming next. She was about to open her most private place to the audience of at least a hundred people. "It's not that bad. I deserve it, I deserve it, I deserve it. It's going to be over soon."
The technician walked in front of her now and twisted the stirrups, so they were in a position to receive her legs, "Both legs up, please."
She didn't hesitate and placed both feet up into position. Her lips were darker than her olive skin and her inner lips poked through the outer ones in places. Currently the audience hadn't seen her vagina yet, the technician was standing between her legs. He wrapped cuffs around both of her ankles securing them in place. For a few seconds, he moved the leg supports, opening her legs wider and putting them where he wanted them before turning screws to lock them in place.
Gracie watched him as he did this looking for any reaction from him, but his face was too obscured. She didn't want to care what people thought of her but deep down she wanted him to like what he saw. She hadn't had these thoughts last week. Maybe she was overwhelmed by the crowd and witnessing others' punishments, but now she was in a better state of mind and could think about her feelings.
Finally, the technician moved so the crowd could see. Gracie squeezed her eyes shut, she didn't want to look at them, but there was some more applause. There wasn't a lot, but there was some. She realized that that made her happy. She opened her eyes. Most of the crowd were looking at her seriously, but some of them were smiling and whispering to their neighbor.
She tried to hide her joy. She didn't want anybody to know what she was thinking. "It's still embarrassing and maybe he'll be mad and hit me harder,"she worried.
"The punishment is about to begin," the technician told her. He stood to her right, looming over her. She realized that his blows would come almost straight down, the position of her legs preventing him from swinging horizontally. He raised his hand over her vulnerable folds and waited, getting the attention of the crowd.
Gracie imperceptibly tested the stirrups which held firm. "Nope, not going to get out of this," she exhaled, readying herself, "I'm going to be fine. It's almost over."
SLAP. She grunted as the air rushed out of her lungs. The man's paw smashed down on her labia.
"One."
SLAP. Gracie whined as he struck in the same place. She sucked in breath, trying to prepare herself for the next blow.
"Two."
SLAP. The blow came lower down her lips, his fingers lashing just above her covered opening. She pressed her lips together, trying to avoid screaming and allowing only another high-pitched whine.
"Three."
SLAP. It was even lower this time. One finger brushing around her ass, eliciting deeper vibrations of pain.
"Four."
THWAP. The technician had moved up and his hand crashed down on her hairless mound.
"Five."
THWAP. Gracie grunted. Pain reverberated up toward her stomach as he struck her mound again.
"Six."
SLAP. The technician stung her right thigh this time, where it transitioned to her crotch.
"Seven."
SLAP. "Aaahhh." Now it was her left thigh's turn. The angle made it harder for him to be accurate, so it hit further down her leg, further from her cunt. A new part of her was stinging, but she was glad for the respite away from her lips.
"Eight."
SLAP. He returned to her lips. She hissed, trying to hold in a scream as his hand slammed down on her cleft.
"Nine."
SLAP. She exhaled loudly, as again breath was forced out of her when he struck low above her hole.
"Ten."
There was a pause. Gracie took the opportunity to inhale big gulps of air, recharging for the second half of her punishment. The technician's hands reached down toward her lips and two fingers started to spread her. "What's going on?"
"I'm exposing more of your vulva," he said flatly. The crowd, seeing his actions, murmured in excitement.
Gracie feared that the strikes were about to be more painful, but, even worse, she realized she was turned on. His fingers made it obvious as he touched moisture that had been building since he had applied the clamps and she realized she liked the positive attention from the crowd. "Oh god,"she screamed internally.
The technician acted like he didn't notice or care and just kept working to spread her lips so they sat as far apart as they could. Her hooded clit sat out for the audience, or at least those in the front row, to see, but mercifully Gracie thought, her opening stayed underneath her folds.
Gracie was happy he didn't react to her arousal, "Maybe this happens all the time. I bet lots of people can find something in all this to turn them on."
Then he moved his hand back up into position. SLAP. She gasped as the worst blow yet slapped her unprotected clit. She would have doubled over, if she wasn't held down so tightly.
"Eleven."
SLAP. He spanked her clit again. She whined through gritted teeth, trying to avoid screaming.
"Twelve."
SLAP. She grunted, but that blow wasn't nearly as bad since her lips still protected her opening.
"Thirteen."
SLAP. He struck above her hole again, but a one of his fingers separated her lips, hitting the wetness around her hole. She gasped in surprise more than pain, "You're doing well, Gracie,"she told herself.
"Fourteen."
THWAP. His fingers struck her mound again, eliciting another grunt.
"Fifteen.
THWAP. Pain shot inside her as he spanked her mound again.
"Sixteen."
SLAP. He struck her right thigh. The pain was different on her legs, there was less cushion and hot stinging radiated from the target.
"Seventeen."
SLAP. She whined as he struck her left thigh, reddening it further. "Two more, two more. You're almost done. Breathe,"she reminded herself.
"Eighteen."
SLAP. As she inhaled, the next stroke hit her square on her clit. She released her first high pitched scream.
"Nineteen
SLAP. "Aaaggh," she started to scream before stifling it short. She was more ready that time as his hand landed its final blow low over her opening.
The crowd applauded, drowning out the technician's quiet count. Again, she enjoyed the applause, but, still worried, she felt the need to close her legs before anybody noticed, if they hadn't already.
She laid back and closed her eyes, suddenly exhausted as relief flooded over her. The technician didn't give her long to rest, there was more for him to do after Gracie's time was over, after all. He, mercifully, stepped between her legs again and released them from their place in the stirrups. She wasted no time clamping them shut, feeling embarrassed that she felt some dampness down her thighs as they came together.
The technician moved to remove the nipple clamps. As he pressed them open, her breasts burned as sensation ran back into them. She had almost forgotten about them; they're removal worse than anything else about wearing them. Then he removed the leather straps holding her torso to the chair and, lastly, released her wrist cuff from the ring, allowing her to bring her arms down, further covering her vagina. The red headed guard appeared back on the stage and led her back where she came from. She couldn't suppress a smile as some members of the crowd clapped as she walked out of their view.
As she was led down the hall back toward the cells, Gracie started to reflect on what had just happened. As a whole, it wasn't as bad as the first punishment, or, at least, it was much less painful. "I guess hands just hurt less than canes. Maybe it evened out, my vagina is more humiliating to have manhandled."
Her feelings about her arousal were more complex. She couldn't deny to herself that it had happened. There was evidence of that between her legs, though she didn't know if she could admit it to anybody else. The last thought gave her pause, "What else are Kelsey and AJ for. They're my friends; they won't judge."
It only took a few minutes for the naked girl and the guard to get back to her holding cell. Gracie wished they had given her back the robe, but luckily no one passed them in the hallway. She had expected to see at least one other prisoner on their way to the stage, "Maybe this guard will be picking them up next."
Upon entering the cell, the guard removed the leather cuff around her wrists, "Your clothes are on the bed. You have ten minutes before I come back to get you. Be sure to be ready, I have a schedule."
"Ok," Gracie muttered as the guard left her in the cell.
The big plastic bag that held all her belongings was sitting on the thin mattress. Gracie sat down on the edge of the bed and spread her legs to examine herself. Her olive skin glowed from the blows, but it wasn't nearly as bad as the welts from the cane. Her hand felt her lips which were still stinging and sensitive. She was still a little wet and she felt an acute urge to touch herself, which she quickly dismissed. "What if there are cameras? Plus, I don't have time anyway."
She started sorting through the clothes and pulled on Kelsey's purple panties. Her lips were sensitive, but the cotton fabric was soft, and she wasn't going to walk out of here commando. She wrapped her white bra around her and winced as it rubbed against her still sensitive nipples, "That really was worse after they were off. No more talking back to guards."
From there, she stood up to wrap her skirt around her waist and pulled on the oversized t-shirt that she had borrowed this morning. After strapping her sandals back around her ankles, she sat on the bed for a few minutes waiting for the guard to return.
When the same red head pushed the door open, she ordered Gracie to put her arms behind her and attached her handcuffs for the final time today. Gracie walked briskly down the hallway toward freedom.
When they reached the door to the waiting room, the guard stopped her and released her arms. The guard knocked and opened the door allowing Gracie to walk past a pair of scared looking women who were sitting in the waiting room. She gave them a sympathetic smile and went back up the elevator.
Molly, the woman from the law firm who had dropped her off for her first punishment, flagged her down on the front steps of the Center and soon she was being whisked away back toward her house. As she sat there, she texted AJ and Kelsey telling them she was alright and that she wanted to stay over again soon. "I have so much to tell them,"she thought.