Preface.
I am not a quality writer; I just enjoy it as a pastime.... This is the 3rd part of a 50 plus chapter story I wrote years ago; editing/adapting them, to publish on 'literotica.' I hope you enjoy.
Previous chapters, I discovered Neil was cheating, a sexual pervert; I left him broke, homeless, career damaged and in debt. I'm starting a new, single, sexually active, promiscuous life.
Chapter 10 'BBQ'
We saunter down the stairs, there's a buzz of activity, people darting everywhere. Sid's the first familiar face.
"Ah, Erin, you look ravishing, I heard Camille had you wailing in ecstasy. I struggled not to barge in." Sid hugs me.
"I hope I get the opportunity to cause such delight for you as well." He winks, grins. "What's your pleasure, cocktail, beer, highballs? I'll stand on a stool." He chuckles,
"My little joke, seriously alcohol, or would you prefer cannabis?"
"Oh yes, weed and wine, would be perfect right now."
"OK, everything's outside, a few guests have arrived." We step to the outdoor area; sheesh, what a yard, right out of a magazine; a full outdoor kitchen, 2 chefs' BBQing. There's beef, souvlaki, burgers, dogs, sausage, shrimp; skewers of veggies, several kinds of salad, a table with all types of fruit.
3 people necking the hot tub, a firepit area, several good-looking couples visiting there. A pool with a waterfall at the far end. Several partially clad people standing around the diving board, 2 women and a man are naked sitting on the diving board. A tennis court, with basketball hoops.
"Let's sit there, Sid points to the bench by the firepit. A cute young waitress in a black mini skirt, white blouse, flaxen hair, carrying a tray arrives.
"2 Pina Coladas, a fat joint, and what wine for you Erin?"
"Uh, red, anything red thanks."
"A Cabernet Sauvignon, for her please." Sid added. She handed Sid a joint from her tray, he passed it to me. The waitress held a lighter, I fired up the joint, took a long deep drag, leaned back,
"Fuck, what a great day." I closed my eyes, took another toke, held the reefer out, Camille took it and she sucked deeply.
"Yes, indeed what a day, nearly a year I fantasized doing that to you." Camille passed the spliff back as the waitress handed us our drinks.
"The BBQ is ready." I hear the waitress say something, but not what, my eyes are closed, I suck hard on the joint again and am really feeling relaxed, a little blitzed, it's excellent weed.
"Could I get you something?" the waitress asks.
"Pussy. I want to eat more pussy, a soaking wet, sweet, hot, juicy pussy."
"Beg your pardon ma'am, could I get you some food?"
"Uh oh, uh no nothing."
'Oh my god, did I just blurt that out, did I say it aloud, that I wanted to eat pussy.'
I looked at Sid and Camile, they are giggling, the waitress was blushing beet red.
"SHIIIT, I said that out loud, didn't I?"
"Camille tapped my thigh, it's fine dear."
"Erin, you chill, drink your wine; I'll get you a burger and some salad. I'll bring another joint too."
"Uh, ok, but no burger, Souvlaki & shrimp; a skewer of veggies too, please."
Sid and Camille leave, the waitress returns, sits beside me.
"I love to eat pussy too, you're very sexy; I'm not permitted to mingle with the guests, I work 3 hours tonight serving, then the clean-up. I'm Odette, I work here, I sleep in the maid's room, if you want to find me later." She stands; I touch her hand, nod, wink and say, "You're hot Odette, yes please." She holds out a joint, strikes the lighter, I hold her hand. "Odette, oh me, oh my, oh, oh, oh," I feign an orgasm. "ooohhh, Odette," I pant. "I look forward to seeing more of you, I wink, lick my lips seductively, and drop the right side of my bikini, flashing her my boob.
'Gawd that was fun, yet so unlike me, to be so bold, so promiscuous.'
I gaze around, everyone looks so sexy. I take several quick puffs, holding it in as long as I can.
'Gaawwd, I feel good; audacious, lewd, wanton.'
Camille taps my leg with a plate. I sit up, take the plate, offer her the roach. Sid passes me another slender joint. I giggle,
"Whoa, I don't think so, not for a while, I'll be on my face, with another spliff. Hahaha."
After the meal, most people splashing in the pool are naked, the hot tub is full, the many are gathered around the firepit area having libations, several women are topless; actually, I perceive few are clothed. There is a haze of marijuana smoke in the air. I hadn't noticed darkness arrive, there are several overhead lights keeping the area bright as day. The lights blink off and on; Camille announces,
"That signals the staff will be leaving and the entertainment will soon begin."
Those lights remain off, but there's several solar lights that dimly light the area; real subtle, mood setting easy on the eyes. Enough to maneuver around but create shadows everywhere.
Chapter 11 'Entertainment'
Sid was on my right
"Scootch over next to Sandra, you'll have a better view of the performance." I slid over about 3 positions next to a slender, probably mid 40's lady in a yellow 2-piece swimsuit. In the dim light she looked like Sally field, with Cher's body. We exchanged warm smiles. The seats to the right of Sid filled right away. After a couple minutes it was pitch black as the lights went off. There was an overhead glow from the city over the golf course, but I was unable to see anything past Sid or Sandra.
Drums sounded, like Africa tribal drums from far off in the distance. Faintly beating, getting louder; then a quiet chanting joins the drumming, women ululating. The fire pit ignites, the whose and flare up of flames causes a few ooo's and ahhh's. The flickering orange glow wasn't enough to light the area but made a gorgeous view. I was still slightly buzzed from the marijuana. Very relaxed, comfortable, happy. The firelight causing a soft, warm, amber glow, reflecting off the naked body of a well-endowed, curvaceous Black woman, who enters from the left. She lights 2 tiki torches from the flames placing them about 6 feet from the pit to our left. Another gal appears out of the darkness from the right, also naked, a pale skinned, blonde woman, equally vivacious. She lights 2 torches, her female figure shining, outlined from the wavering light & shadows. She passes us to the right, places the torches several feet in front of the pit. The 2 gals meet in the middle, spread out a blanket, then stepping onto it; embrace, kissing seductively. Their hands wandering cupping, the contrast of white and black added to the arousing, stimulating activities. Fondling each other's breasts as they continue kissing.
A Black male appears from the darkness, dancing, carrying a spear and shield, stomping his bare feet to the beat of the drums. He is muscular, white & red tribal war paint streaked on his face and body. A large, feathered headdress, wide, fuzzy white bands on his biceps, and calf muscles. He chants faintly as he dances, the flickering light make shadows enhancing his sinewy muscles; his pecs & abs are defined, powerful. My eyes are drawn to the size of his hanging manhood, encased in a leopard skin cloth sock, occasionally visible when the grass skirt opens as he stomps. He puts down his spear & shield; turns his attention to the gals, who are still affectionately caressing and kissing. He lifts a bowl, dips his fingers, and dribbles oil across their shoulders; the streams glow golden as it trickles down their bodies. They smear the golden liquid over each other. He massages their lower cheeks one at a time.
Their voluptuous bodies now shining in the flickering light. I'm quite aroused. His fingers disappearing between their parted thighs. He kneels behind the white woman parting her butt cheeks he buries his face between them. It appears as though his thumb is inside her. The Black woman simultaneously kneels and wiggles her face into the white woman's crotch, her black hands remain squeezing the contrasting white orbs. The blonde tilts her head back and moans loudly. The male helps the white woman lay on the blanket, the Black woman never relinquishes her mouth grip on the white woman's vulva and continues as her head visibly makes long licks on the supine lady. A load groan indicates the pleasure of a climax from the blonde under the Black woman. I hear several, sighs, and groans to my left, a naked woman is rocking back against her male partner, moving slowly to and fro, on his rigid rod, while watching the pornographic show before us. The black male removes his grass skirt, his long shaft is wrapped in a leopard skin sheath, tied up around his waist with a light string; his large ball sack, hanging exposed. He picks up the bowl, moves stealthily to my right presenting the container of oil to the guests.
Nimble fingers on the side of my neck, thumbs massaging the muscles on the back of my neck. Again, I feel that sensation of kindness, caring. I realize Sid has moved from beside me and is now behind me. A light whisper with his hot breath in my ear.
"Relax, relinquish to the surroundings, let your sexual sensations take over, don't think, just feel." My eyes close momentarily, he nibbles my earlobe, his fingers are firm, yet gentle & kind; I truly feel he's doing it for my pleasure; and it's working. Neil never made me feel this good. The weed, the joy of the day, the atmosphere, the view of the sex performance in front of me, has me extremely calm, & wonderfully aroused. I didn't feel the tug on the string behind my neck, but the change of cool air on my breasts as the fabric falls away. Sid's fingers dip down, and his palms cover my breasts, my abruptly hardening nipples poking into his palms. He lightly brushes his palms over my nipples in a large circular motion. I moan at the sensational touch; Sandra releases the string bow of my bikini bottom; she tugs the fabric from under my bottom. The Black male is standing before me, holding the bowl. His body heat against my knees his legs press outward, forcing my knees apart, electrical sensations seem to emanate from him into me. I think to myself.
'Grab that string and release that enormous black snake.'
My cunt tingles as my eyes move up his shiny oiled muscular body, his legs pressing mine.
Sandra covers his hand on the bowl with her left hand, Sid dips all his fingers and lets the oil dribble onto my shoulders & down my boobs. He gently massages it evenly across my breasts, cupping and squeezing them, sliding, spreading the lubricating liquid. Sandra takes her right fingers and wiggles them in the bowl, then pets my labia. Smearing the area liberally. Returning for seconds; both Sid and Sandra repeating the initial lathering and dripping. Sid is continuously circling my tits, spreading the oil as I relish in the sensations he is creating. Sandra, is teasing, barely touching the edges of my labia. My legs are yawning wide, my buttocks slide ahead, barely remaining on the seat giving her full access, as my pussy is now ahead of the bench. The Black man squeezes my right tit, forceful, almost to pain, I sigh, his fingers harshly pinch my nipple, then drags his knuckles lower, unimpeded he slips 2 long fingers into my pussy, I swoon, his long digits touch my g spot, his thumb presses hard on my clitoris. Head back, eyes watching him, my climax begins; the tribal warrior deftly removes his fingers and steps to the next guest. My crescendo of intensity subsides, like a rollercoaster over the peak, rushing down at high speed. Sandra puts her hand back over my vulva. She has each inner flap between 2 fingers; gently moving up and down, the lips squeezed snuggly between her fingers, tugging the sensitive flaps as she moves, the meaty part of her thumb base is against my clit. It's erotic, similar to what Camille did earlier. I begin the climb back up, nearing my orgasm. I've never known the enjoyment created by playing with my lips so much. I move my fingers to my clit as I feel a tremendous climax approaching. Sandra pushes me away.
"You can masturbate anytime." Sid is still rotating my tits, my slippery globes enjoying the attention of his incessant circular fondling. My body is searing with fierce desire, every nerve ending is on high alert.
Chapter 12
I open my eyes, the Black male is now laying on the blanket, the white women beside him massaging his pecs and abs with the oil. The Black woman kneeling between his legs lubing his thighs and hips, she removes the leopard pattern material. His manhood is semi erect, at least 10-12 inches with a girth the size of my wrist. They continue massaging, oiling his powerful, muscular body. The flickering firelight reflecting the oiled bodies adding to their beauty, and the eroticism. Each gal's hands occasionally rubbing along his shaft. The blonde lifts his prick up, sucks the head into her mouth. Both women wrap their fingers around the growing penis. 4 hands all wrap around the member, one above the other & begin a rhythmic upstroke, as 1 hand gets to the top, it returns to the bottom, as the hands synchronize stroking upward, then returning to the bottom, one by one they stroke. 3 hands constantly stroking up his shimmering tower, choreographed, squeezing, tugging upward. Now that he's hard, I estimate he's at least 12 inches long and with a wide girth, my fingertips would be far from touching if I wrapped my fingers around it. Confident my mouth would be stretched to it's limit take it, most likely, so would be my vagina.
'Oh, gawd that feeling would be fantastic; that huge shaft prying past my vaginal opening, filling me like never before; fuck I'm ready to burst again.' The flickering glow from the torches shows his crown ridge pressing out against the blonde's cheeks. He is fully hard and the gals trade places, the Black person's lips suck the head and their strokes reverse rhythm, now in a downward motion. Hypnotized by the scene, I realize Sandra hasn't touched my clit or entered my vagina. My pussy is screaming for internal attention. She is still holding, squeezing, teasing, stroking, tugging on my labia, extremely slowly, deliberate, and aware to stop when I begin to climax. Sid is still manipulating my tits, circling, squeezing, occasionally twisting, or tugging a nipple. I let out a guttural moan, I have been on the verge of exploding for several minutes.
"Do it Sandra, finger fuck me, pleeeze make me cummm." Sandra stops, pulls her fingers away; leaving me craving to have my cunt penetrated or at very least a clitoral climax. The pending orgasm subsides, she grabs my wrists as I attempt to do it myself.
"Not yet." She holds my arms aside, she covers my face with hers and we search each other's mouths with our tongues, she sucks my tongue and lip passionately, intimately.
"Wait." She moves aside letting me watch the trio, the Black woman straddles him, squatting above his rigid rod, she rubs the head through her labia, as the tip penetrates her, she drops. Several loud gasps from the spectators as she engulfs the entire massive member in that one quick unexpected dropping motion. She rocks slowly, several times, then lifts, the cock shimmering with a mixture of oil and pussy juice, then disappearing as she drops, several deep bounces and she falls forward twerking her hips rapidly against him, she arches her back, climaxes crying out with a loud shriek. The 2 females assume a 69, with the blonde on top.
The Black male rises, his eyes scan across the row of guests, our eyes meet & he approaches me. His cock bouncing, hanging slightly, glistening with the slick wetness reflecting the firelight as he strides nearer. I sigh when I feel his powerful legs separate my thighs. He places his hands on the back of my head.
'My God does he expect that to fit that in my mouth?'
The powerful fragrance of the female's vaginal secretions, profound while he's still inches from my face. I inhale that strong, musky, and enticingly intoxicating special feminine scent unique to each woman and her cunt. I lick the sticky, slick film from the underside of his pecker, it is salty, sweet, and tantalizingly tasty. I was able to get the mushroom shaped head inside my mouth, I sucked hard and with sustained effort got about 4 or 5 inches of him into my mouth. I felt proud of this accomplishment as I have no experience in sucking hard cock.
I only sucked Neil when flaccid, to arouse him, once he was hard, he was eager to get in me and thrust away for his pleasure; sadly, generally leaving me wanting more.
The bulging cone shaped head made a slight "pop' noise when he draws it out. Both my hands holding him, I'm licking, swirling the tip, circling the crown ridge, poking at his aperture with my tongue as if trying to enter the tiny orifice. My fingers cup his ball, large, like a lemon, I lifted, feeling the heft of each of them.
He put his powerful arms between my thighs, under my thighs, lifting me off the bench. I wrap my arms around his neck, my ankles interlock behind his waist. He carries me to the blanket. The trio hold me elevated as he lays prone on the blanket. The Black woman is behind me her arms under mine taking most of my weight, her black fingers contrasting on my white breasts. They maneuver me over his cock, the blonde holding his cock, guiding his tremendous tool, she spanks my clit and labia with it. She rubs him against my wet labia, I was wet, oiled and oh so close to coming and yet I had to wiggle my bottom to help that monstrous member part my vaginal opening. I screamed in ecstasy as the blonde pushed the head into me, when the head popped in, a wave of pleasure coursed through me, I groaned as my climax began. He held me immobile his cockhead barely inside me, I quivered and shook; the feeling was ecstatic. My pussy contracting trying to milk the intruder. I was lowered another couple inches, my cunt stretched, invaded, my vagina walls feeling the pressure. His bulbous head contacting my g spot. My head fell, eyes closed, I groaned loudly, I was experiencing the commencement of a continuous, multiple climax.
Chapter 13
The talented dark fingers on my nipples are sensational, after Sid's persistent caressing. Her tongue parted my lips, it was thick, and long, it touched my throat, I felt my gag reflex respond, I was astounded at the power it had, my mind stirred with the thought of it in my cunt. I shook, another peak of intense orgasm spasmed my body. The warrior was now lifting and lowering me. His powerful hands on my waist, my legs draped over his hard biceps, with each couple strokes I shiver and cry out loudly with additional orgasmic spasms. I was having constant culminating climaxes with each crescendo higher than the last. The Black woman pulls me back, tight to her, as his large knob bumps across my G spot, both on the upstroke, then again on the downstroke. I was cumming fast & furious; indistinguishable, whether countable as individual or just one long continual climax. My cunt is full, the immense shaft hitting my cervix. I lost any capacity for rational thought. I couldn't get away; they had complete control of my body. The blonde is now furiously rubbing my clit, her hand a blur, I was screaming; then everything intensified, my gawd it was incredible, a fire of emotion. I couldn't take any more; his hard rod, stretching me, hitting bottom, he exploded deep inside me, spurting hot semen. I erupted like never before, I seriously saw stars, fireworks going off in my mind. I could feel him convulsing, throbbing, his sperm ejaculating, discharging inside me. My upper body twisting, trying to get away; I am again feeling that hypersensitivity, as I did with Camille, while something wild happens inside me. I scream again, I squirt, spewing forth an enormous amount of liquid. I shake violently, crying out as several spastic convulsions overtake me, my vagina spurting, as I quake, vibrating with tremors. I pass out. When I regain any assemblance of my surroundings, the Black woman is hugging me. I am dazed, and slowly recall what just transpired. I am euphoric, exhausted, and embarrassed. The Black woman straddles my face, her cunt smelled terrific, I could see her pink insides quivering as she hovered above me, the vagina was gaping, open from taking the same huge cock I just did, I imagine mine is still gaping open too. I pulled her down and tasted her sweet nectar, I knew I would be soon cumming again. Both women took turns licking and cleaning my cunt, sucking as much jism as they could from me. The Black gal & I came together, I had muffled screams as I sucked on her clit, she was mashing her vulva against my face, twerking so fast I was concerned I would be smothered, somehow, I was able to get enough air through my nose by timing her thrusts.
I was rolled over onto my stomach; I didn't have any strength to resist. The blonde parted my legs, lifted my hips placing a cushion beneath me elevating my bottom. Spreading my butt cheeks, her tongue circled my anus, I've never felt any similar sexual sensation before, it was alluring, exciting, her hot breath, the light touch of her tongue flicking my wrinkled skin. It was delightful, she pushed against my hole, her tongue tip pressed in, it wiggled into my orifice, creating me to push back and up involuntarily, wanting more. Her fingers squeezing my bum cheeks, her forefinger teasing my sphincter muscle as she nibbled around the inside of my puffy mounds. Her forefingers were tugging at my bunghole, she smeared oil on my ass, her fingers using the lubrication to invade me. I twitched, as a finger pressed past the tight opening. She twisted and I relaxed as it was intriguing, enjoyable. As one finger went deeper, her thumb went in my cunt. I started to climax again. I raised my hips arching my back, putting my knees under me, assuming the doggie style position, my face resting on my arms. I looked back, lust raging, I said "Do it, make me cum, fast and hard." She didn't hesitate, her thumb found my g spot her forefinger pressed against my clitoris and a second finger twisted into my anal cavity. With hard quick strokes in unison, she pounded both holes; I shook as another vehement, violent climax took over.
She kissed my anus as she withdrew from my gaping holes.
Sid was above me, I shook my head,
"No, please, no more, enough, that's more than a year's worth of orgasms I've received today."
'Today was certainly full of new pleasures, sensational sexual pleasures.'
Sid smiled, swooped me up, carried me to an upstairs bedroom.
"I'll lock the door as I leave, sleep as long as you like." He kissed me, so intimately, tenderly on my lips as he laid me down, helped with the covers,
"Private bathroom here," he turned on a light and dimmed it so there was just a glow. "Night pretty lady." He exited.