As usually, reading the first three chapters might clarify how things went so far off the rails for our couple.
One of the guys brought a chair over and put it next to the pool table for her to use as a step down.
He even held out his hand and took hers to help keep her from falling as she climbed down.
Barbara was surprised at how calm she was. Being nude in front of all those people didn't seem to phase her any more. She wasn't even thinking about covering up her nakedness.
Her mind began to wander and she tried to imagine how this was going to go down.
Would they take turns with her or just toss her on the pool table and pile on?
Could she take a man at both ends at the same time, and OMG what if they wanted her backside? Kenneth had never even asked if he could do something like that.
All of these men, surely at least one of them would try to put it in her butt!
And the women? Would she have to do to them with her mouth what Kenneth did to her with his? Could she?
Just then, the pocket door opened again and Kenneth was ushered into the pool room by the gorgeous redhead who had been keeping him occupied in the men's room while she was being humiliated.
He was barefoot and naked from the waist down, the redhead carrying his shoes, socks, pants, phone and wallet.
He looked silly with his erection poking through his shirt tails, bobbing up and down as he shuffled into the room.
He wouldn't look her in the eye as the redhead lead him over to the chair and pushed him down onto it. She quickly cuffed his hands behind his back, through the slats of the chair.
Barbara looked over at her new "friend" Jules with panic in her eyes.
"No! No! No!" she pleaded. "You can't do this! Please!
You can do whatever you guys want to do to me. I won't resist or fight.
I'll do what you say for however many of you and for however long you want, but please don't make my husband watch. Please! I'm begging you!"
She went to each woman as she pleaded. Hoping for some type of female unity.
Savannah looked at her with a confused look on her face. "What?" she asked.
Julie looked at her and started to laugh. "Do you think we're going to let these guys rape you? Seriously?"
Barbara stammered "Well... I just thought...You know, you hear about these things..."
"Sweetheart" Julie said sarcastically, "We might be a little rough around the edges and act like assholes sometimes but we're not rapists for Christ's sake!
No, What you're going to do is give your husband a lap dance until he comes.
Then we're going to send you back to the suburbs where you came from.
Barbara looked around and said "I've never given a lap dance before, what am I supposed to do?"
Julie smiled "It's simple. Without using your hands or your mouth, you're going to grind your body on his until he comes. You can rub his dick with your pussy, but you can't put it inside of you. Same goes for your ass."
"Not my butt? No problem with that." Barbara said with a nervous laugh. "That's a no fly zone in our house."
"Jesus!" Savannah said with an accompanying eyeroll. "You two really are new to anything outside the bedroom. Aren't you?"
She lead Barbara over to where Kenneth was cuffed to the chair.
"You can even have some music to set the mood. If he comes before the song is over, you can have your clothes back. If not, you drive home naked.
You start when the music starts."
"Bobby!" she said, "Play something the bitch can dance to!"
Barbara turned and faced Kenneth.
She nodded at him and told him that it was almost over and they'd be going home soon.
Kenneth smiled nervously and said that he loved her, no matter what happened.
The music started at Barbara was startled by the driving, opening notes of "Girls, Girls, Girls" by Mötley Crüe.
She tried moving her body to it for a few beats and then stopped.
"Hang on!" she shouted over the music. "I can't dance to that!"
The music stopped and she looked up to see everyone staring at her.
"Look" She pleaded. "I'm not trying to stall or get out of it. I just can't dance the way I think I need to, to that music.
Let me pick something from my phone."
Julie handed her the phone with a stern warning not to try deleting the video taken earlier.
Barbara opened her music app and scrolled quickly through her collection.
Just standing there, stark naked in a room full of strangers, mostly men, as if it was something she did everyday.
She found a song she thought would work and handed her phone back to Julie.
"That should work." she said. "Just press 'PLAY'.
Julie pressed the button. The slide guitar and bass of Bonnie Raitt's "Something to Talk About" began to play.
She nodded at Barbara in appreciation but still added "Now Dance Barbie Doll!"
Barbara began to sway her hips to the music until Julie pantomimed pointing at her watch, reminding her that time was not something she had a lot of and she had better get down to business.
She stood directly in front of Kenneth and straddled his legs, lowering herself onto his lap.
She began to rock her hips back and forth.
Kenneth's penis (she couldn't bring herself to say "cock" yet. Even in her own head) was sticking straight up.
As a matter of fact, she couldn't remember it sticking up any straighter or higher than it was right then.
"He's enjoying this" she thought. "He's excited by my humiliation."
The song entered the second verse and she stood, turned around and sat down with her back to him. She felt his penis snuggle into her crack of her butt as she did the best twerking motion she could muster.
She hoped she was doing it right. She had never done it before but had seen other women doing it on tv and in movies.
The down side of that position was that she was now facing the group of strangers as she ground her ass on her husband's lap.
Never having been one to stare at men's "packages" she couldn't help but notice that to a one, they all had bulges in the front of their pants.
She was beginning to have doubts that they would let this end without a gang rape.
She wasn't looking forward to it, but she was at the point where she thought she could endure it if it came down to it.
The wet feeling between the back of her thighs and the top of Kenneth's made her realize that she was becoming aroused.
She didn't know if it was nerves, what she was doing to her husband, that she was doing it in front of a group of people or the thought of some if not all of those men having their way with her but she was definitely turned on.
The second verse segued into the bridge and she turned around again.
Kenneth's penis snuggled between her damp labia and she slid it up and down his shaft, making sure that he didn't slip inside her and cause her to violate the rules.
She could feel him starting to twitch against her clitoris.
The third verse began and she knew she was running out of time.
The rules were very specific about what she couldn't do but not about what she could do.
She grabbed Kenneth by the back of the head and brought his mouth down to her erect nipple.
He wrapped his lips around the pert pea-sized nub and sucked it into his mouth.
She whipped herself from side to side, popping one nipple into his mouth and then the other.
He was so close. She could feel it.
She just needed him to finish before the song ended.
The way the night was going, if they both had to drive home completely naked, this would be the night the car broke down or they got pulled over.
She told him to slide his hips forward and she sat down right on top of his ridged cock. She slid her soaking wet pussy over it like a hot dog sliding back and forth in a bun.
With seconds left in the song (it was at the part where the singer just keeps repeating the same line in a long fade out) she leaned in, rubbed a nipple on his lips until he once again pulled it between his lips. This time he clamped in his teeth so she couldn't pull out.
Then she said "Look Honey! Everyone's watching me grind my pussy on you. All of these people looking at me act like a whore."
She felt him react and knew what she had to say next.
"How many of them will fuck me tonight? Will they leave you there and make you watch? I won't even resist. I'll just let them fuck me and I'll even suck their cocks"
That was all it took. She felt him pulse below her as he began to shoot thick knots of cum.
She had never known him to orgasm so hard before.
He grunted a few times and his neck was stretched taut.
She threw her arms around him in an embrace and felt his cum squishing between them.
Her, grinding her clit against his cock plus the intensity of his orgasm pushed her over the edge too.
She moaned loudly and bit down on his shoulder, whimpering.
It took a few minutes for the two of them to come back down to Earth and they suddenly remembered that they were surrounded by a group of people.
Some of the men were blatantly rubbing the bulges in the front of their pants.
Barbara slowly pulled her upper body away from Kenneth. The goo between them making strings as it tried to adhere to both bodies before giving up the fight and dropping.
She stood on wobbly legs and backed away so she was no longer straddling him.
She turned and looked at her audience.
The adrenaline rush quickly subsiding, she suddenly wanted nothing more than to get far away from these people as quickly as possible.
"Um. I think he finished in time. We kept our end of the agreement.
Can we have our clothes and leave?"
Julie just looked at her for about five seconds with a smile on her face. As if to say "I don't know. Maybe I'll let these boys have some fun with you" then suddenly walked up behind Kenneth, unlocked his cuffs and said "Sure. After all, a deal's a deal. You can get dressed and go home to you house in the suburbs and your Home Owner's Association and your back yard BBQ's"
Kenneth stood up, rubbing his wrists where the cuffs had been. "Uh. Can we use the bathroom to wash up?"
"Bathroom's closed! So are we. Now get dressed and get out!" Savannah barked.
Kenneth and Barbara quickly got dressed. They left their underwear and just pulled on their outer clothes. Feeling the rapidly drying sperm on their bodies gluing the material to their skin.
"We'll need our phones" he said to no one in particular.
"No" Julie said. "We'll mail your phones back to you. We need to go make copies of the videos.
You might decide to call the cops on us. They might decide to take action and it might end up going to court.
Could you prove we forced you to strip against your will? Maybe, but before you do, all of your friends, neighbors and phone contacts will have seen the video, Including that sweet lap dance.
Once we're done with them. You'll get them back."
The drive home was uncomfortable to say the least.
Physically, there was the now cold but drying sperm underneath their clothes.
Emotionally, they were drained.
Things had gotten so out of hand in a short time.
Where had they begun to go wrong?
How had they missed warning signs?
Kevin knew he should say something to reassure Barbara that they were ok.
She hadn't said a word since they got in the car and pulled out of the parking lot of the bar.
He looked over at her and saw that she was crying.
"Barbara. I'm sorry" he started. "I didn't think..."
"Don't." she snapped "Don't say you're sorry.
Don't say you never thought it would go like that.
Don't tell me that everything is going to be alright.
We were stripped naked in front of complete strangers!
I was made to act like some type of cheap bachelor party stripper while you watched with your hard dick sticking out, excited to watch them make me do it.
All it took was me saying that I wouldn't resist if they all wanted to fuck me, to make you cum all over yourself.
So don't tell me that nothing has changed and we'll go back to the way things use to be!"
Kevin drove in silence, but his mind was in overdrive.
Yes. Watching her strip in front of all those strangers had gotten him excited.
She looked so hot doing it.
But it wasn't just on him. She didn't take much prodding to ditch her clothes when told to.
She was perfectly comfortable, standing there talking and flipping through her phone while completely naked in front of those people.
She was soaking wet when she sat down on him for the lap dance.
She had cum at the same time he did.
She could say otherwise but she had been just as turned on as he was.
He was smart enough to keep his thoughts to himself though.
They got home and parked in the garage.
Barbara didn't even wait for him to turn the car off before she had her door open and headed into the house.
She was in the master bath with the door closed by time he caught up with her.
He heard the shower and headed off to the guest bathroom to take his shower.
As promised, about a week later their phones were returned, via parcel post.
All relevant videos had been deleted.
Things really slowed down for a while.
No more late night drives.
No more skimpy outfits in public
Even the sex became routine again.
No more blindfolds, tying down, cameras.
Neither one ever said to the other that they wanted to stop doing the things they had been doing.
They never talked about what happened and how they felt about it.
Each just assumed that the other wanted to take a break from it.
The truth was though, that after a few weeks each of them began to relive that night in their own head and using it for inspiration for masturbating when the other wasn't around.
Barbara even found herself waking up in the middle of a dream in which her fear of being taken by the bar patrons, became a reality. Even so far as her having to go down on the women.
She awoke, out of breath with a pillow jammed between her legs.
She quickly rolled out of bed and made her way to the bathroom to give herself some relief, hoping she hadn't woken Kenneth.
She didn't know that her moaning and thrashing about in her sleep had brought him out of his own dream about looking down, into the eyes of a particular red head with her lips wrapped around his cock.
While Barbara was in the bathroom relieving her frustrations, Kenneth was in bed, wiping his spent cock on a tissue from the box on the nightstand.
Still, they never talked about "that night".
Kenneth and Barbara settled into their routines and things became as "normal" as they could be under the circumstances.
Fall gave way to early winter. Not on the calendar, but the weather certainly took a turn in that direction.
One afternoon, Barbara was home alone.
She was sitting in front of her laptop doing some early, on-line Christmas shopping when she heard the doorbell, and the app on her computer showed her a live feed of who was at the door (through the fancy video doorbell they had recently installed).
There appeared to be three people at the door, but they were standing so close to the camera that she couldn't make out anything other than they appeared to be wearing dark winter coats.
She looked out the big bay window, and saw a black SUV in the driveway.
Adding two and two together she figured there were Jehovah's Witnesses or some other door knocking, religious group at her door.
She tried to ignore them, hoping they'd take the hint and go away, but they rang the doorbell again and then knocked loudly.
She stomped to the door, prepared to tell the God peddlers to take it someplace else.
She flung the door open (not unlike the time she did it at the beginning of this adventure) only to find it wasn't a group from the local church.
Instead, she stood face to face with Julie (Jules), Savannah and her sister (if Nina had ever heard her name, she couldn't remember it)
"Hi ya Barbie Doll." Julie said with a grin. "Why don't you invited us in? We need to talk and it's colder than Hell out here."
(to be continued)