Dear Reader,
This is my first attempt at writing, and the second instalment of a multi-part series. I hope to publish subsequent parts at regular intervals, depending on how well this part is received.
Since this is a continuation, I would recommend you read the first part before you start with this part.
To give you sufficient perspective, this story is set in a small town in India and is about an 18-year-old girl named Doyel (pronounced Though-Elle).
The story majorly focusses on exhibitionism and does not contain any actual sex. However, subsequent parts may evolve to include consensual sex between two or more characters.
I am immensely thankful to Drmaxc for taking painstaking effort into editing the draft and providing suggestions to the plotline. His contribution to this part, just like the previous part, is undeniable and integral to the story.
Constructive criticism, suggestions and comments are welcome.
All characters in the story are 18 or above at the beginning of the story.
The Day Everything Changed - 2
From the next room, Doyel, still naked, breathing heavily from the rush, was eavesdropping. She felt like playing with herself but resisted the idea. That could come later. She decided to put an end to their discussion, and not give Arup time to think of an excuse to disagree with Samar. She wanted them to ask her. She very much wanted that. She had not really expected that. Her plans had not got that far. She wanted them to look at her more. She wanted them to do even more with her if they were willing. Yes, she might not have need to play with herself if... She wanted this.
She quickly threw away thegamchhaand pulled on a nightie which was in this room. It was a thin sleeveless nightie with knotted strings on the shoulders and came to just above her knees. She did not find it necessary to wear anything underneath. Another time for underwear perhaps. She took a deep breath and walked into her room, pulled up the chair she had been using earlier, and sat at the open end of her bed as if nothing much had happened.
"Guys, I am so sorry. I couldn't catch it whilst holding the tea tray with that boiling water. I'm sorry if I offended you. It was not my intention. How embarrassing. I didn't think thegamchhawould fall like that. Please don't be mad..."
Both boys were spellbound by this. They had had the view of their lives, and she was the one apologising! This was not at all how they expected the situation to go. Samar was quick to respond. He reached out and held her hand in his and sought to reassure her.
"Hey! Here, let's have the tea you made for us and talk about it. It was no big deal -- for us."
It was apparent from Arup's face that talking about this was quite outside his comfort zone, but he went along with Samar. He picked up his cup and started drinking his tea.
"Doyel, you make very good tea. And the tea itself smells great. Is this Assam tea?"
"Yes, Arup. This is what we always have at home. I made this for you guys in the past as well, and now you notice?" She cocked an eyebrow, and Arup mumbled something inaudible in response. Samar decided to intervene.
"Look, Doyel, no need to be tense. We are all adults here. What happened was an accident. These things happen. Why I..." He paused, seeming to decide that that recollection or accident was not something to enlighten them with at the moment. "Arup and I are not offended. Anything but. I mean we're all naked under clothes and, if I can say this and you will not be offended, there was nothing there to be in any way ashamed of. Your body, and yes we did see rather a lot of it... for just a few seconds, is as beautiful as you are." Quite a speech, but he went on. "You have no need to be or to feel sorry. In fact, with that killer body of yours..."
Doyel frowned, was that quite the right expression.
Samar bumbled on, "Actually, we really liked the few seconds of glimpse we got. Showed us something more of you than we knew. I mean, it was all very pleasing for a few seconds." He stressed on "few seconds".
"You liked seeing me that way?" Doyel used her doe-like eyes to play the innocent.
"Hell, yeah! Like I said, you have a killer body. What's not to like?"
"Thanks, Samar. I hope I have not offended you, Arup." She said turning to Arup, who began to stammer.
"Uh...no, not at all. Just like Samar said, we just had a glimpse, and it was only a few seconds. Nothing more. You have nothing to be embarrassed or sorry about. Um, really nice girl body."
"Thanks guys, for being so cool about it. And thanks for the compliment too." She was visibly blushing now. That was genuine. She had not blushed whilst being naked!
They drank their tea in awkward silence. Doyel couldn't help but think about the possibilities in which the boys might approach her. Arup and Samar were thinking along the same lines. They wanted to enjoy her body for longer, at least looking at it, without ruining their friendship.
Samar finished his tea last. He placed his empty cup on the tray. Doyel quickly leant forward and picked the tray up to bring it back to the kitchen. She also wanted to give the boys time to formulate their approach.
Once in the kitchen, Doyel put the tray with their cups in the sink and pulled up the back of the nightie at her neck. This made the front go lower. She knew that decent cleavage would now be visible while she stood or sat straight. But if she leant forward like she just did while picking up the tray, she would now display her breasts entirely. The material would fall away, and she would hang free, and the boys would see. She wanted the boys to feel encouraged but didn't want to appear overtly inviting. She made her way back to her room.
On her way back, she could hear snippets of their conversation as before.
"Man, I could almost see her boobs when she leant!" one of them was saying. She thought it was Arup.
'Well, they are in for more if they play their cards right,' she thought. The thought made her smile. She rubbed the smile, entered the room, and sat in her chair.
Samar started, "So, Doyel, we were just talking about something..."
"Yeah?"
"Yes, you do understand when we said you have a great body, we really meant it."
"Yeah... I mean, thanks."
"You are most welcome. You also understand that we could see it only for a few seconds like we said earlier as well."
"Okay... Where are we going with this?"
"Well, we were wondering if we could, you know, see you for a little while longer?"
"Huh!?" She feigned surprise but smiled inwardly.
"Yes, I mean, we have already seen it all, even though for a few seconds, but we have seen it all. Is there any use of hiding it deliberately anymore? What do you say, Arup?"
Arup was more restrained but vocalised the same thoughts.
"Look, Doyel, what Samar is trying to say is that since we have already seen you completely unclothed once, it is something we can't unsee, and we don't want to. With a girl as gorgeous as you, no one would want to forget the view once they saw you like we did. But if you don't mind, we would like to see the beautiful you in the same way for much longer than we did. Only if you don't have a problem with it."
"Guys, I don't know..." Doyel pretended to think it over. The boys took this as a close step to affirmation. They wanted to incentivise her trust to push her into a decision.
"Doyel, nothing is going to happen against your wishes. Both of us will sit exactly where we are until you say otherwise. You are in charge of this. We just want to look and admire you." Samar added.
Doyel concluded that she had played enough and decided to agree now. Not only had she already wanted this when she started, she was quite horny now, and the generous compliments from the boys got her even more excited.
"Guys, thank you for saying such wonderful things. I didn't think you would like to look at me this much. And what you said does make sense, you have already seen me naked. Seeing me naked again will not really have more effect on that. So, you just want me to sit here with nothing on. Be with you just as normal but me naked?"
Arup looked at Samar and he looked back at his friend. That was exactly what they wanted. They nodded.
Doyel shrugged her shoulders and said, 'Okay,' with a smile.
The boys could not believe they convinced her with their bullshit logic. They were over the moon! They were now confused as to how they wanted this to proceed.
"Well, um... would you then remove your nightie?" Samar asked tentatively.
"Ummm... Okay," Her preparation in the kitchen to let them see down her nightie now seemed rather pointless. Things had moved on.
Doyel decided to make it as slow and titillating as possible. She untied the knot over her right shoulder. The nightie dropped from the right down onto the swell of her breast, the shoulder now naked. She put her left hand across her breasts to hold the nightie in place. She then proceeded to untie her left shoulder. In her state, she pulled at the wrong end of the knot. Now it was stuck. She kept trying to no avail. Even if she kept both her hands free, she would have been unable to reach this knot with her left hand. So, she kept trying with her right, and made matters worse. Finally, she gave up and decided to involve the boys.
"Arup, can you please help me with this?" she asked Arup, who was sitting closer to her. Arup sprang up from the bed and tentatively reached for her garment with shaky hands. When he too failed in his attempts, Samar came up with a suggestion.
"Perhaps this can be done another way."
"Which is?" Doyel was all ears, as was Arup.
Samar came up and stood beside Doyel on her right, opposite to Arup.
"Would you mind standing up?" he asked her.
Doyel slowly stood up from the chair, her left hand still cradling her breasts, and Arup's hands still holding the knot on her left shoulder.
"Now, Arup, stand right there and take hold of the bottom hem of her nightie from that, while I do the same from this side."
Arup followed Samar's instruction while Doyel kept watching them working.
"Now, when I say, we both lift the nightie together above her head. Doyel, would you please put your hands up when the nightie reaches your neck?"
"Uh, sure," she responded, though she was less sure than she said, mostly because this was going to be faster -- she was going to be naked almost in a flash. And it would not be her in control. The thought terrified and excited her at the same time. She had never been this exposed, at least not in front of more than one person, and that too boys.
Both of them bent slightly to reach the hem, looked at her and then looked at each other. Samar nodded, and they started pulling the nightie off their best friend together. She closed her eyes. They were fast, perhaps anticipating she still might change her mind, and not wanting to give her enough time to do so. In no time, the fabric reached her neck. Doyel took a deep breath and put her hands up, not waiting for them to tell her so. She felt the nightie slipping up her arms, its hem now high above her head but the neck hole still below her head. She could see nothing beyond the inside of the nightie and the light coming in from without. She could see nothing, but the boys could see everything. Her head was hidden within her nightie, but her body completely exposed to the boys. There was a pause as, presumably, the two of them gazed without having her seeing what they were doing. The delight of the voyeur indeed, seeing without being seen.
It was strangely exciting. Knowing she was being seen but not seeing the reaction. But the boys could not leave it there for long and soon the nightie was up over her hands and away from her body. She was now standing naked in front of two guys, her friends, of her own volition. No drama, no accidents. The realisation itself was enough to weaken her knees for an instant. She sat back down on the chair, hands by her sides, eyes still closed.
Samar and Arup were standing and marvelled at the sight -- the naked girl, the willing naked girl before them, her head, with eyes closed, reaching to the level of their waists. Both the boys bent to examine her beauty more closely.
Doyel sat with her eyes closed, her hands resting on her thighs, her thighs not fully closed, her feet almost a foot apart. She did not hide anything. She did not want to. She wanted to be closely inspected by her friends. She wanted them to get so close to her that she would feel them breathe on the skin of her neck, her breasts, everywhere. Even though she had been anticipating it, her fingers having been already rolled into fists, the first breath on her nipple still made her draw in a sharp breath. It was shortly followed by another breath on the other side. Her excitement was reaching new heights by now, how close were they if she could feel their breath. Her thighs parted a little more. Should she allow them to really inspect? Almost as if they were doctors. Should she perhaps lie on the bed and allow them to probe -- but would that not lead to...? She was really excited now. If one or both decided to get close down and look at her sex -- take a close inspection, they would see the wetness was no longer anything to do with her shower. They would know! But she could feel their primary inspection was still focussed on and near her breasts - for now.
"Ding-ding -- Please open the door"
All three of them were startled by the sudden ring of the doorbell. Doyel snapped her eyes open, and at the same moment she saw the boys standing up straight, looking bewildered. She glanced at the clock on the wall, and it was just half-past two, still at least a few hours till her mother were supposed to be back home.
"Can one of you please check who rang the doorbell?" Doyel asked.
Samar immediately started heading to the stairs.
"From the window, duffer." She rebuked.
"Ah, yes, of course," he looked out the window. "Who is it?"
"Passport verification for a Ms. Doyel," came the response. "Please come downstairs."
"Doyel, there is a man downstairs to verify your passport. I think you will need to see him."
"Okay."
Arup hurriedly handed her the nightie she had been wearing before. She wore it while walking towards the stairs and disappeared from view. The boys revelled in the excellent view her bottom offered in the process. They were still dazed at what had just transpired. They were yet to believe the direction it had all taken. It seemed as if this was all too good to be true. The interruption was so unwelcome, so unexpected, so annoying.
"I guess THAT just happened..." Samar spoke first, keeping up with his usual initiative.
"I guess it did, thanks to your idea." Arup was more conservative in his response.
"Did you notice the veins running from her chest to her nipples?"
"What? That is all you noticed?" Arup stared at Samar in disbelief.
"No! What I mean is, it is hell of a lucky day that we got so close to her that we could see features in as much details as this!" Samar tried to clarify.
"I get it, man. Was just pulling your leg," chuckled Arup, then added, "Don't worry, I loved this too. Never anticipated this from her, and I mean that in the best way possible. And did you see she had no hair, you know, down there."
"It did sort of come to my attention. Maybe we can have a repeat when that stupid man goes."
"Let's not push our luck. Perhaps we should be content with what we have."
"Hmmm..." Samar replied frowning.
Arup understood Samar was interested in more, at least in terms of frequency.
"Okay, tell you what, let's see how she acts once she is back upstairs. If it is awkward from her end, we might need to calm her down first. We don't want to ruin the friendship. That is more important."
"Okay, man. I understand your point. Let's see how it goes."
While the boys were discussing whether or not to take chances on future possibilities of whipping Doyel's nightie off again, something entirely new was happening downstairs.
Doyel wore the nightie while she was walking towards the stairs. She was almost at the bottom of the stairs when it hit her -- the nightie was the only material on her body! Just an old, light, sleeveless nightie tied only by strings on the shoulders! This however reminded her to check the knots, she recalled one had been undone earlier. Fortunately, the knot was in place now. Probably Arup had ensured that before handing her the nightie. It was not an outfit to greet a stranger at the door. But the bell rang again. He was insistent.
This still did nothing to change the fact that she was near the door, wearing just a revealing nightie, ready to meet a completely unknown person. She contemplated running upstairs and grabbing achunni(a light cover cloth, typically worn with salwar suits) to cover herself. However, her thoughts were already on overdrive with what had transpired between Arup, Samar and herself, and the future possibilities. She also knew that bribing was a common practice for passport verification, otherwise the application would simply be rejected. She decided she would certainly offer a bribe to the official, just that it would not be monetary. She deduced that if anything would go sideways, she still had two boys in the house who could defend her.
She decided to go with it.