Author's note:


No part of this story is written so as to stand on its own. I strongly suggest that you start withthe beginning of Part 1and read sequentially—giving up at any point you choose, of course.
All sexual activity portrayed anywhere in this story involves only people at least eighteen years old.
This entire story is posted only on literotica.com. Any other public posting without my permission in writing is a violation of my copyright.

We were all so tired Friday morning that nothing happened. We were off to the showers earlier than usual, just because we didn't do anything beforehand except oversleep. Jenny became aware of noises from somewhere and came awake, looked at the time, and jumped out of bed—well, not literally, not from a hammock!—to roust out Sam and me. Anyway, that allowed for a little more time enjoying them in the shower, but not enough for what I really wanted to do. Jenny, soaping my cock, said, "Down, boy! Behave yourself and you'll get something later, I promise." But she was about ready to come from my soapy hands on her, too. I was sorry that she didn't let me finish it.
We were in the cafeteria a few minutes early. Two other couples we regularly sat with were also early, and they laughingly admitted that it was because they had also overslept. Since those guys only had one girl apiece to satisfy, I had to assume that they had done it several times before sleeping.
When the signal sounded, we kind of hurried to get food. At one of the stations, one of the servers, a rather stout, grandmotherly type who always greeted those she served, asked me, "And how is your special week going, young man?"
I was a little surprised, but she was always very friendly, and I told her, "Really great, for the most part. There were some rough patches the first day, but we worked them out, and almost everything since has been wonderful."
"You may not believe it to see me now, but up to twenty years ago I was one of the instructors, most years through a decade and more. No one your age would be happy with me teaching him now, but I still miss it sometimes."
I tried to think of something pleasant but not flippant to say, but in the end I just thanked her, and said, more seriously, "I knew that your department contributes a lot of instructors, but I never thought about what happens as they get older. I don't know what qualifications they have to have, except some training and, well, either enjoying sex or being able to act like they do. Maybe sometime you can tell me more." I meant that last. She had me interested. I thought about Bella, who was surely much younger than this woman—Miss Macgregor, Molly Macgregor, I suddenly remembered she had once told me—and still trim and beautiful. Even now I had no good idea how old Bella was, but my estimates kept being pushed upward.
At the table, I mentioned this to Sam and Jenny, speaking for them but not everyone around. They both were interested, and to my relief they saw nothing at all funny in the exchange. "You know, outside of the academic instructors, most of the staff is women," Jenny said, equally quietly. "There are some men in housekeeping, but they're overwhelmingly women. Ditto for the secretarial parts of administration. The groundskeepers are mostly men, yes, but not so overwhelmingly, and they're really a smaller group, I think." I was very impressed that she had observed all these things. I had, myself, knowing that I wasn't seeing the whole island or even the whole school, but I hadn't fully thought about them.
I mentally kicked myself. I was trying to train myself to be more observant and aware. I had surprised myself in a way, thinking back, to realize that I had been doing this since I came here, and maybe before that, but thinking about how Mr. Miles had done things had made it a conscious process. And here was all this data that I hadn't really thought about! We didn't see much of how the staff lived when they weren't on duty, but if many more women than men were present, living and working here for years, it seemed likely that the men were getting a lot more attention than the women. Social and sexual attention, both.
We finished eating, and visited our separate rooms and lavatories. I handed some things to Sam to run back to her room, and then we went off to our instructors' offices.
Except that the door monitor stopped us and told us we were all to go to a specific room number—which happened to be Bella's office.
I knocked, and we entered when invited. Inside were Bella and John and another man, whom I didn't know but whom Bella introduced to Sam and me as Jenny's instructor, James. She introduced herself and John to Jenny.
Bella had seemed to act as spokesman when John was present, and she continued this with James there, as well. The men were noticeably younger than she was, though seeming old in comparison to the three of us.
Bella told us, "Today's format is somewhat different from what we have followed before. The morning is to be devoted to what are often called voyeurism and exhibitionism, though those truly mean something somewhat different. At its most basic, you are to perform sexual activities with others watching, and to watch others doing likewise. We realize that you have all done a fair amount of this, much more than most of your fellow students. For them, they are meeting briefly with their own instructors, and then gathered into groups of three couples with their peers for this purpose. Since Phil and Samantha have met and interacted with each other's instructors, we decided that it made more sense for the six of us to act as a group.
"To begin with, each of you will perform a sexual activity of your own choice with your instructor. After that, you will watch sexual activities among your instructors.
"The afternoon is to be devoted to going beyond the limits of your own partners, both watching and doing. Since your entire class has spent weeks of gym class in sexual activities with various of your peers, this probably will be rather anticlimactic. Nonetheless, you will be grouped with others from your class for this purpose. The odd size of your own partnership will make this a bit difficult, and you will have to manage that yourselves, without help from us. You will need to see that each of you has some form of sexual intercourse with one other from the group, in such a way that you are not doing so with your own partner, and that everyone present participates at least once. Because of the odd number in the group, one of the boys must perform twice.
"Following the afternoon session, during the afternoon or evening, you are to engage informally in similar activities with others of your choice. You may perform sex acts among yourselves, with others watching, or you may simply swap partners among a group of you, each pair being watched in turn. That is, the latter is your specific assignment, but the former may be done as well.
"Phil, you and I will begin. The choice of activity is yours, but I ask you to choose anal sex, in the full form which I taught you to perform and which you performed on me."
I was stunned and confused. Bella had made clear that she loathed and resented the whole process. She was able to enjoy to some degree simply having me in her ass, but this was offset by a great distaste for it. And she resented having me go from her ass to her pussy and back, and especially having my cock in her mouth after I had had it in her ass. "Bella, you know what I said about that. I am not going to do it. Even simple anal sex, I think."
"Yes, I know what I said, and what you said. Please, Phil. Don't make me degrade myself by begging."
Stranger and stranger. Then I suddenly realized, from somewhere I was never able to identify, what was going on. It wasn't that Bella wanted me to do this, it was that somehow she was being required to ask me, and required not to show by how she asked that she didn't want me to, to ask me as if she desperately did want it.
"Bella, I will not make you degrade yourself. Don't beg, because I will not yield to you even if you do. Please take off your clothes and lie down on the bed. If this is indeed my choice to make, we are going to do something we will both enjoy more." I took off my clothes as well.
I lay down next to her and kissed her. She responded hungrily. I trust that I have made it clear that, as instructor and lover, Bella had never been slow or reluctant, but I had not seen her begin responding this fervently so quickly. I thought for a few moments that she was going to come just from my touching her breasts. Once before, she had come simply from my fingers on her pussy, but now she began to moan and gasp as soon as my hand was down there, touching her, and within a minute she was coming, with my finger inside her.
When she finished, I kissed her firmly, then pulled her legs around so that I could get to them more easily with my mouth. She again began to be urgent almost immediately, and came very quickly. I moved away from the most sensitive areas for a minute or so, and then began again. "No, Phil, please, I need you inside me. Please!" she said. I ignored her and continued with my tongue. In a few minutes, she came again. And again a few minutes later, even more violently than before.
I got up and moved her again, and positioned myself and went inside her. Her arms clasped me hard to her, and she said, "Oh, Phil, thank you!" I began thrusting, and her body became tense as she moved with me. She came again, and I was hard put not to do so too. I had missed my usual morning time with one of my partners, after all, but I was somewhat short on sleep, and that may have slowed me down enough. But when she came one more time, I came with her.
We lay there, and she was panting and panting. I tried to hold my weight up off her so we could both breathe. After a minute, she put her arms around me again, and pulled me down, and kissed me. "Phil, that was spectacular. Like never before. Thank you."
I pulled out and started to get up, but she shifted her weight on top of me and pushed me down to the bed. My cock was still somewhat erect, if soft, and she took it into her mouth. She sucked and licked, and stroked with her hand, until I was very hard again and starting to thrust, and then took me in past the soft palate and down into her throat. I did not come immediately, but I couldn't help thrusting, particularly as she was moving her head to add to it. And it wasn't many minutes before I did come again.
She came over and kissed me again, and then stood up and began dressing. I followed suit. In a minute, she said, "Samantha, it is your turn. What are you going to show us?"
Samantha had an innocent look on her face that I was already learning to distrust. She said, "After seeing that, I know that anything we do is going to come up pretty short. And if I understand it, John is going to have to do something with Bella soon. John, please eat my pussy until I come, at least twice." They got undressed and got onto the bed. She perhaps pointedly didn't kiss him.
I knew her reactions well enough to see that she was pretty turned on already, and she enjoyed herself. She came quickly enough the first time, but she made him work for the second. She plainly enjoyed the process of being aroused again and being near orgasm, and didn't let herself go over the edge until she was ready. This time, unlike the first, she didn't hold back on her vocal expressions, either.
She quickly got up and got dressed, and John followed a bit more slowly. His cock was huge at that point, and I winced in sympathy with both his feelings of frustration and whatever Bella was going to have to take from him in a few minutes.
Jenny was perhaps by nature a bit more sympathetic than Sam. She asked James to perform sixty-nine on her, with him lying on top. He came when she still hadn't, and when she had him out of her mouth she told him to keep going. It was a few minutes, but he succeeded.
Jenny got dressed, but James did not. Bella turned to me with a smile. Neither man looked happy. She said, to all of us but I thought especially to me, "We had a little disagreement about what we should do for you to watch. The two of them wanted me to allow them anal sex, with all that you were asked to do along with it. I was not willing. I wanted normal intercourse. They insisted that I had allowed Phil to do this yesterday, and felt I was unreasonable to reject their wishes. Of course, that was part of my job as his instructor, and I could not accept that job without allowing him to do this, and I said that it was only for that one time, that Phil himself had said that he would not do it again without a very strong reason. But they were certain that if I asked him to do it again, asking as strongly as I could, and as honestly, not signaling him that I wanted him to refuse, he would comply.
"We finally made a bet. I was to try, really try, to convince Phil. If he did indeed do as I asked, then I would allow each of them to do so, as well. But if I was right, and Phil refused me, then I would perform anal sex on each of them, using a dildo of course, and that they would then clean the dildos off with their mouths, to be analogous to what they were asking of me. And now it is time for them to carry out their part of our agreement. Perhaps, having had to do this, they will be less eager to insist on women doing something they dislike."
She took a tube of lubricant and two dildos. John undressed, and the two men got onto hands and knees on the floor. Bella put on a disposable glove, and lubricant to the two men. She worked some of it in through the anuses. She applied more to her finger, and inserted it into John, moving the finger around, and then the same for James. She thickly lubricated a dildo, and then inserted it into John's anus, and moved it in and out for several minutes. He winced a number of times. Finally she withdrew it, and stuck it into his mouth, thrusting it in and out, at one point apparently forcing the end down into his throat, so that the scrotum model was against his mouth. She said, "Now lick and suck it off as I remove it." When she had removed it, she put it in the lavatory, on the counter next to the sink. She lubricated the other dildo, and did the same with James.
In one way, I was appalled at what she was doing. In another way, I approved completely. Having heard what had happened to Ellen, I was especially outraged by the casual way in which the girls, and the female instructors as well, were required to put up with such treatment, and I felt strongly that this must be imposed on them by a policy designed and mandated by the male instructors. Given that the men here had wanted to make Bella do this three times in succession, I could not stir up any sympathy for them. And I found myself pretty aroused by the whole sequence, first by watching the girls with their instructors and then by this.
The men went off into the lavatory to clean off. Bella said to me, "Phil, thank you for being reliable and meaning what you had said. You saw that I had no option but to hope that you would do that, and it meant a lot to me." To the girls, she added, "Please understand, I have enjoyed all of my interaction with Phil, but my happiness at his choice and what it meant, and my gratitude to him, made me far more responsive to him than I would normally have been. I hope the two of you understand how lucky you are in the partner you have been assigned."
When the men had come back in, Bella repeated our instructions. We were to report to a different office, where we would find several other couples. We were to arrange pairings among us, such that no one was paired with his or her usual partner, and agree within each pair on sexual activities to perform, while all the others watched. Beyond that, we were to do something of the same sort later on, optionally engaging in sexual activity ourselves with others watching.
We left Bella's office, office suite I suppose I should say, and headed off to the cafeteria together. We did visit our separate lavatories, and then returned to meet again at the entrance to the cafeteria.
Samantha had that innocent look on her face again. "Phil, you often try to be shy and avoid attention, but occasionally you have shown that you have an exhibitionist streak as well. On Monday evening, you began, but then chickened out. Wouldn't you like to give all these people a show, right now?"
Jenny was looking from one to the other of us as if in shock. I said, "Jenny, we'll tell you all about it later. Sam, are you sure you're ready to do this?"
"I wasn't the one who stopped on Monday, remember? I've been ready ever since then. Admittedly, sometimes time has been a bit short, but right now we have to fill the time before they begin serving anyway, don't we?"
"Just as you said on Monday, then? Only, don't you dare make any noises just for effect."
"What are you waiting for, Phil?" And she stepped up to me and embraced me and kissed me for a long time. After a few moments, I again dropped my hands to her breasts, fondling through her clothes. She sighed happily and kissed me again. Somewhere in there, as I rubbed her nipples, she gasped and said, "Oh, hurry, please!" So I unbuttoned her blouse and fondled for a bit through the bra only. Her breathing was much harder and faster, and her nipples were standing up and very tight. I reached around her and unfastened the bra, then removed both the blouse and the bra. I looked around for a moment, then tossed them to Jenny, whose face was very red. She looked as though she wanted to distance herself from us but couldn't take her eyes away. I continued to kiss Sam, cupping and fondling her breasts. She was gasping and moaning at this point, and I was pretty sure none of it was simulated this time.
By this time, quite a lot of people had noticed and were starting to crowd around us, leaving us a good amount of space but packed pretty tightly among themselves. Some were starting to get up on chairs so that they could see, and I noticed one fairly short girl sitting on her taller partner's shoulders, legs around his neck, his hands on her calves holding her securely. He was stroking one of her thighs suggestively, except that it was plain that his attention was really on us. As was hers.
There was also starting to be a lot of noise: calls to others to come see, comments between people, and some hoots and whistles and cries of encouragement.
I picked Sam up around her waist and sat her on the edge of a large, rectangular table, at the end. I unfastened her shorts and pulled them down with her panties still inside. I tossed these as well to Jenny, who was standing as if stunned. I ignored Sam's shoes and socks. I pulled up a chair, and put my mouth to her pussy. Her moans and cries increased. I put a finger into her vagina and continued using my mouth.
At some point, Sam let herself down onto her back, with her legs from the knees down hanging over the edge of the table. She began to move her hips in earnest, moaning urgently, and then came, with very loud cries, continuing for a minute or two. She lay there panting hard.
I pulled off my own clothes, dropping them on the chair I had been sitting in, which I moved back out of the way. I came up to Sam, and said, "OK, scoot yourself up," and took hold of her calves, straightening her legs, and pushed. She got busy moving herself, until her feet were all the way onto the table. I suspected that my pushing had caused uncomfortable amounts of friction.
I got up onto the table between her legs, positioned myself so my cock was pushing at her pussy a little, and lay down on top of her, supporting some of my weight on my elbows and knees. She reached down and parted her labia, then moved me slightly so that I popped in easily.
I began thrusting, trying to hold myself back to allow her to start moving with me. I was pretty thoroughly turned on, enough that this wasn't too easy. The crowd and the noise should have been a serious distraction, but somehow they weren't. The hardness of the table under my knees and arms was more, but I sought to ignore it.
Sam pulled my head over to her for a brief kiss, and began moving with me. As I continued to thrust, I could feel her growing arousal, and I tried to relax myself somewhat. Fat chance. But when I whispered to her, "I can't hold back!" and plunged in hard and began ejaculating, she lifted her hips and ground against me and came around me. I noticed that her cries were loud, but not as loud as I knew from experience was natural for her. She was protecting my ears.
We both lay there panting for a minute or so. I started to lift myself up, and she grabbed me and pulled me in for a kiss. "That was absolutely wonderful!" she told me, loud enough for plenty of people to hear. "Whenever you want to do it again, you just let me know!" There were a lot of cheers and applause to that.
I did pull myself up and out. I observed that somehow we had avoided pushing a napkin dispenser off the table, and I grabbed a handful of napkins and gave them to Sam. I was reaching for some for myself, but she just stuffed the wad I had handed her between her thighs and pushed me back until she could lean over me and take my cock in her mouth. She did nothing more than clean me off, though. She wiped at herself, put the wad of wet napkins down, and reached out to Jenny for her clothes. As I sat up again on the table, I could easily see that there was no lunch being served yet, signal or no signal. Many if not all of the servers had joined the crowd, and some of them were standing on chairs or tables. I stood up and picked up my own clothes, pulled them on, and grabbed the girls' hands, and said, "Let's go get some food. I think everyone else will be a little late this afternoon, too, but we're kind of behind." As we walked away, I noticed one of the kitchen staff women approaching the table with a cleaning cloth and a spray bottle.
Jenny shifted her hand, both hands, to hold my arm as we walked. The crowd was dispersing enough that we had no trouble, but lots of people were just standing talking, and we got comments as we passed others. Jenny asked me, with very wide, shocked-looking eyes, "You aren't going to make me do that, are you?" She was speaking very low, directly into my ear.
"Well, not before we eat lunch, anyway," I told her. I laughed at her horrified expression. "No, Jenny, you saw how Sam put me up to that. And I did enjoy the attention, for once. You had better be thinking, though. We have an assignment for this evening, remember. And it's not going to be you and me in your room with five good friends of yours, either."
I had a thought. "If you don't come up with something acceptable, and I mean acceptable to me, I do have an idea. It won't be in front of four hundred plus people, but I think I'm going to require at least a couple of dozen in the audience, if they choose to watch. And you don't have to carry on as loudly as Sam did, OK?"
I turned to Sam. "Thank you for sparing my ears, there, the second time. I think, even if everyone hadn't been watching already, it was plenty loud to let them all know. Good girl!" She looked very pleased, and grabbed me around the waist for a hug and a kiss, just before we got to the head of the line waiting for trays and stuff.
We sat where we had been sitting lately, but our group overflowed a lot more than it already had been. A couple more big tables got pushed to the ends of the one we were sitting at. If I had tried to answer everything anyone asked me, I wouldn't have gotten more than about five bites, but I mostly ate, answering questions loudly enough to discourage repeats of the same ones. Yes, it was impromptu, a response to being assigned to engage in exhibitionism later. But Monday, when Sam and I had finally gotten things straight between us—and it had been my problems and hangups, not hers—I had shown off a little for a group by kissing her at length and feeling her up some. And she had abetted me by making suitable noises. So when she suggested that I actually follow through today, I took her up on it. No, not one bit of it had been put on. Yes, she naturally screamed that loudly, though she had learned to pay attention and tone it down.
I stopped for serious eating, and Sam fielded a few of the questions. She took a moment to hug me and snuggle up to me. Jenny had been sitting there, diligently eating but looking as if she wished she were on the other side of the room—if not the other side of the world, or of the moon. Suddenly, though, she sat up. She too gave me a hug and kind of pasted herself to me. I looked at her in surprise, and she smiled glowingly at me. I said to her, "Let me eat now, but do tell me when we have a chance. Please." She nodded, big smile still there, and hugged me hard again and sat with her head on my shoulder for a little while.
The signal for the end of lunch sounded before I was ready, meaning before I felt fed, but we quickly finished whatever we were eating and got up. Friends laughingly told us to go on, they would get our dishes, for which I was very thankful. I told the girls, "I need the lavatory again. Sorry!" and fled.
I came out to the cafeteria, and waited a minute or two before they arrived. We hurried off. I said, "Is it too complicated to tell me now what suddenly changed your attitude there?" It was Sam's turn to look confused.
Jenny said, "Well, slow down a little! If we're two minutes late it won't matter at all! Do you remember what Ellen said to you, Wednesday night?"
"She said lots of things. Which one?"
"'Phil, with you, anything.' When she said that, I realized it was true for me, and you need to understand that. And I suddenly realized just now that I still mean it. If you want me to lie down on a table while hundreds of people who haven't seen me naked before look at my pussy, well, I'll do it. Really."
I was moved, tremendously. "Jenny, that I won't ask you, not unless some reason I can't imagine comes up. If you ask me to, seriously, I'll do it. But unless I miss my guess, there will be a few more shows tonight and over the next few days.
"But to be picky, surely half of the students in the class have seen you nude, in the showers? An awful lot of the girls, anyway, and that's before this week. And I hate to point it out, but even getting screwed, well, I know I'm almost the only one who caught you, and you were never forfeit, but I'm sure some people looked over and saw us that first time in gym. That grass just isn't high enough for real privacy.
"But if you don't come up with ideas of your own, I'll push you out of your comfort zone. And any ideas you have that I accept will be out of your comfort zone, too."


During this, we checked into the staff office wing, and we found the specified room number. We went in without knocking. It turned out that we weren't the very last, either. About a minute later, another couple came in.
It was an office much like Bella's, but going through the open door to the bedroom we found that the bedroom was quite a bit larger, and it had thirteen chairs in it but only eleven of us, until that last couple came in.
We sat and looked at each other. Nobody seemed to want to say anything, so finally I stood up. "You all know me, at this point, though I don't really know most of you all that well beyond names. I guess someone's got to get us started. Here's what I was—we were—told we should do." I summarized what Bella had said. "Any significant differences, omissions, additions?"
Nobody said anything. "OK, then, we need to come up with a process by which we can pair off randomly, no one to have normal partner. I have an idea, but first let me point out. We have an odd number of people, because I have two partners. What this means is that when we pair off, one girl will be left over. My thought for that is that either whatever boy goes first takes a turn with her at the end—or the first boy who is not her partner, anyway—or else she chooses at the end, but it has to be a guy who is, well, up enough to proceed without any real extra preparation. Is that OK? Objections, better ideas, whatever?
Several people agreed out loud. No one objected. There was just a little discussion, and the consensus seemed to be for the girl to choose, if she really chose someone ready.
"OK, then, here's what I propose. I will find something to write on, and write a number on it, in the range of one to fifty. Each of the other boys will, out loud, choose a number in that range, and whoever is closest to my number will start. If two are equally close and are closest, I'll choose another number, same range. Keep doing that until either one bows out or one gets a closer number. Is that OK so far?"
Again, several said that was fair. One person said, "That means you can't be first." I said, "Right. I haven't thought of a way around it, except one that I don't especially like. In case of a tie in the first round, I go first. I don't care which way we do it, honestly."
Almost everyone approved of that variation, and the couple of people who wanted runoffs said their preference wasn't anything to worry about.
"OK, then. Whoever is chosen to go first picks a girl, not his own partner. She goes and sits by him. Others shift down without changing order. The boy whose partner was just picked chooses another girl, and we shift around again. When and if my second partner is picked, since I would have picked earlier, the next boy clockwise who hasn't picked goes.
"Whoever chose first acts first, and we move boy by boy around the circle, clockwise. I think we should seat the unchosen girl after the last couple, to make sure we keep track."
Apparently, no one could see any problems. Someone asked what happened if the last boy had only his own partner to choose from. I pointed out that he would have two girls not already chosen, and only if I was last could this be a problem. I said that in that case, the obvious solution would be for the next-to-last to have to choose one of mine when it came to his choice.
So we did get the rules worked out, basically pretty quickly. In a drawer, I found a small pad of paper and a pen, so I took one sheet and went into the lavatory long enough to write "42" on it and fold it up. I reminded them, "One through fifty."
We had no trouble selecting the first boy, in one round. He was immediately to my right. He chose Sam, so I picked next, choosing a girl I found particularly pretty. She had the same basic build as Jenny, just a little less slender, with curly blond-brown hair. Barbara Williams, I thought—being not quite sure.
So I said, "I can't recall. You're Barbara, right?" She nodded. "Is your last name Williams?" She laughed. "No, Wilson. And you're not by any means the first with that idea, so you may have heard someone say it that way. But I think we should stick with first names here. Phil." Others agreed.
The choices went smoothly, with Nancy Macdougal left over. I said, "Now, time is limited, so as each couple leaves the bed, the next should be ready to get in." I hadn't thought to suggest it, but Nancy, who wasn't chosen, said, "Everyone, clothes off right now. That will help." So we all got undressed, placing our clothes under our chairs.
Struck by a sudden thought, I said, "Let's all take five minutes or so, to discuss in couples what we plan to do. We can change on the fly, so long as we don't waste time on it, but let's not stop to discuss every single time."
Barbara pulled me off to the other end of the room, and spoke very softly. "I just want to suck your cock," she told me, a little coolly I thought.
"Not acceptable to me. I insist that I try to do something for you, too. But you must have a reason. Please tell me why."
She hesitated, then, lowering her voice even further, she said, "The thing is, I'm a lesbian. I've tried to keep it quiet, though some girls know, and I hope you won't spread it. Please! I've tried to do everything asked of me in gym, and this week, as well as I could. And I know you're nice, but I, um, I've had cocks in every orifice all week, and I'd rather just you came in my mouth. Please."
"I'd like to hear more about your feelings in this, but there's neither time nor privacy now. But—quick questions. Kissing a guy is repulsive? Boring? What?"
"By now, closer to boring, I think. Not that kissing has seriously come into it, but after getting screwed all different ways a kiss feels less like a big deal. I wouldn't mind kissing you, I think, but it won't do much for me. I think."
"And if I eat your pussy, can you ignore who is doing it, and just try to enjoy the sensations?"
"Yes. Some, at least. But when my instructor and my partner did it, it didn't get me very far."
"If you'll let me eat your pussy first, and agree to talk to me, kind of to help me understand—maybe over the weekend, I guess that means Sunday this time—I'll agree to let you stay oral with me. Try to enjoy what I do as much as you can, but no pressure." I hesitated, but two other couples were still talking. "If I hug you and give your breasts some attention, is that OK, or is it out too?"
"OK to both. You've actually got me looking forward to this, just a little. It matters to me that you care enough about me to ask."
We went back to our chairs. The first couple was already on the bed. I kind of winced, watching his technique. He fondled her breasts a little, then put his hand on her pussy and kind of just jabbed a finger in and out a few times, then rolled on top of her and went in. He came in two or three minutes. Sam really just kind of lay there.
He got up, looking happy. She got up, looking, well, not really unhappy, but bored, maybe glad it was over. They got dressed and sat back down.
We were up next. Barbara and I got into the bed. I put my arms around her, and nuzzled at her neck under her ear. I murmured, "If I do anything offensive, murmur 'No' into my ear, and if I can figure out what it is I'll stop."
She turned her head and kissed me, to my utter surprise. A brief kiss, but a kiss. She whispered, "Thank you. No one else has ever made me such an offer. If you like, why don't we kiss? It may make good cover, and—"
I cut her off by kissing her, trying to make it not too intense but also to make it look kind of intense. When we broke, she initiated another kiss almost immediately.
I began to stroke her breasts. I had lots of experience, but only with girls who had at least some interest in getting turned on by a boy. Again, though, thinking of the watchers, I tried it. The reflex that stiffens the nipples is basically a mechanical reaction to hormones produced by stimulation, intended to allow a baby to nurse, and I was pretty sure it would operate even without specific sexual interest. It seemed I was right.
Eventually I took my hand and traced the curve of her back and side and hips. I told her, quietly but loudly enough for others to hear it, "You're very beautiful, you know." Again, I nuzzled below her ear, adding for her only, "Whoever may get to enjoy it in the long run."
She kissed me again. I moved my hand to her pussy. As I had expected, the exterior at least was pretty dry. I brought my hands to my lips, and tried to get a good amount of saliva onto my fingers. I went back down and tried to spread it some, touching where I hoped it might do some good. I thought it helped, but there wasn't enough, and soon there was rather rough friction again. I murmured to her, "Barbara, I'm going to go on to the next stage. Please bear with me. If I prolong it too long, tell me you want to move on, loud enough for everyone to hear."
I told her, loud enough for at least some others to hear, "Pardon me, I'm going to move you a little." I moved her legs around enough that I could kneel on the floor and be between them, and carefully began to lick. When there was enough lubrication on the outside, I paused for a while to gently stroke some areas. She responded with a couple of moans, which I was fairly sure were not merely for effect. I resumed licking and nuzzling, and she actually showed some signs of agitation and urgency after a while. I really wanted to go in with a finger, but I didn't want to warn her verbally, and I was afraid she might freeze up if I surprised her with that. I did stroke gently too. A few minutes longer, and she was definitely moaning occasionally and thrusting up and down with her hips, and a little later she came. It wasn't really anything very big or intense, as far as I could tell, but I hadn't expected anything like that at all.
After it was over, I moved back onto the bed, and she moved over to make room for me. She got her arms around me and hugged me, kissing me gently. "Phil," she said very softly, "I can't say that was wonderful, but it was definitely the best thing all week, by miles and miles. Will you allow me to change the plan here?"
I wondered what she might have in mind, but nodded. She kissed me again, not too briefly, and moved down to lick and suck, but just for a minute or so. Then she came up and kissed me once more, and climbed on top of me, and guided me inside.
I was astonished. "Are you sure this is OK?" I breathed into her ear.
She breathed back, "Yes. This part's for you, and I hope you really enjoy it."
It was obvious after a while that she truly was not heading toward another orgasm, so I simply tightened up and came. It was unspectacular, but very pleasant. And whatever her reasons, Barbara had decided to do this for me, and that moved me a lot. She pulled off me and got up, got herself next to me, and kissed me once more, lingering a bit. We got up and went over to get dressed.
We did watch, but we also talked some, under our breath. Mostly we were commenting on what we saw, and we weren't the only ones. I was very unimpressed—with what I saw most of the girls doing, but especially with the boys. "I've seen that the male instructors don't always do a whole lot to help the girls really be prepared," I told her, "but I really have to wonder whether the female instructors don't even try to teach about how to approach things, or whether these guys just ignored it all." To my great surprise, Barbara actually put her arm around across my back and gave me a squeeze, and then laid her head on my shoulder. A couple of the other girls—besides Barbara and Jenny—did come, and a couple of the boys did seem to show some consideration and tenderness. The boy Jenny was with was way better than anyone else about that. But mostly, no.
At the end, I hugged Barbara and thanked her again. "Please, I really do want to hear whatever you have to say. Tomorrow if it works out, or Sunday, if that's better," I reminded her.
Again to my surprise, she kissed me. "I wouldn't miss it for the world," she said. "Except.
Um. Will your partners be there too?"
"I hadn't thought about it. They probably will want to, when we talk about this, and—is it OK for me to tell them what you said? About yourself? I won't if you say no, but it's going to make things strange if I don't."
"Let me think about that, OK?"
Then Nancy Macdougal had to announce her choice, and it was me. Well, by this time, I was ready enough. Barbara said, "Make it as good for her as you did for me!" I thought that wouldn't take much doing, but I knew she was expressing thanks and encouragement, and I appreciated it.
Nancy and I conferred for a minute. We weren't able to be private, because no one else was consulting, though some were talking. She asked me for more or less what I had done with Barbara, which of course was more or less normal procedure for me anyway. I said OK, but asked her to begin standing up with me. First, I quickly got undressed again. I kissed her thoroughly, and moved on to her breasts. Unlike Barbara, she was responding very thoroughly by this time. I moved one hand down below, and she was very wet, and she was gasping as I encountered sensitive places. I told her, very quietly, "Please hold on around my neck." Her arms were already there, but I didn't want to surprise her too much. I stooped enough to catch her behind her thighs, sliding to behind her knees, picking her up briefly, and laid her gently down, at enough of an angle for good access. I didn't waste time, as I knew she was nearly ready. I slid in a finger, moving it carefully in and out, and then began licking.
Immediately she was moving, thrusting with her hips, and with a lot of moaning as well. I tried to be very gentle. She came with fairly loud cries and moans, and it went on and on. I thought having watched so much, and maybe especially me with Barbara for some reason, had her keyed up completely.
The whole proceeding, not me but all of us, had taken a lot of time. Barbara and I hadn't been quick, but there had been seven couples one after another, and even though too many of them just took long enough for the boy to come, time had passed. So I didn't seriously consider trying to bring Nancy to another orgasm the same way, though it seemed she might be very much ready for one. I got into bed with her, and after kissing her with a few caresses, I asked her, "Would you prefer being on top or bottom?"
I know that in all the positions covered the day before some had put her on top, but she seemed too startled to answer for a moment. Even though she had just seen Barbara go on top of me! Then she said, "Oh! May I be on top? Really? Please!"
Since she seemed to be waiting for me, I took hold of her hips and moved her around on top. She managed to spread her legs around mine, and then to get her knees set so that she was in position. She guided me in, and let herself down more against me, some of her weight supported by her arms.
I told her, "I'll move, but in this position you're more in control. Move faster or slower as seems right to you. What you control most is how your body rubs against mine, though. I'll try to warn you if I can't hold back, though it may not be enough in advance to do much good."
She took a moment to kiss me, and said, "Thank you." I began thrusting, and she matched me. Shortly she was breathing heavily and tensing again. I thought I was doing relatively well, since I had come recently, with Barbara, but when she came I couldn't hold back. It was another very intense one, and intense for me as well.
She kissed me, then got off me and sat by me. She said, "I saw you with Samantha, earlier," and bent over to clean me off with her mouth. "I wouldn't have done that, except that you were so good to both Barbara and me. Thank you! That was, well, to say it was the best time I've had is like saying the sun is brighter than a match flame. I only wish I got to do it again with you, once in a while or even just once more." I hoped her partner didn't take that personally. Though maybe I should have hoped he would, and learn from it.
We all got dressed, separated back into couples plus one threesome, and left. As we walked, Jenny said, "So now you've got one more who wants to keep on with you after this week. You're building up quite a backlog."
"Well, you have to admit she seems really nice. And what am I supposed to do? It looks like most of the boys have an approach that runs, get it in there as soon as you can, then come as fast as you can, then get out. You saw Clueless with Sam, right? And some others? As far as I can see, all I try to do is not be like that! You don't want me to take that approach, do you? With anyone, even if I didn't with you?" I was indignant enough for name-calling, and that seemed to be happening a lot this week. I was going to have to work on that.
She took my arm and squeezed it. "You know I don't. And if you wind up asking me to schedule a date for you with her, or one with her and one with Barbara for that matter, well, I'll do it, and understand why."
"I don't think you're going to be the keeper of my schedule the same way, Jenny. I hope we go back to studying together, but, well, it looks to me like most nights after the study periods I'll be spending with someone, and it won't always be you two and the same small group of friends. I hope it often is. But I really do think you need to find some reasonable guys for backup, yourselves.
"But that reminds me. Tomorrow, or Sunday, I really need to talk with Barbara. Wilson, that is. I think it's likely to stay first names for us, but I don't know. But there are things to talk about, and I do mean talk, not screw. I asked her about discussing with you, but we didn't have time to follow up, and the topics are very personal, for her. It will have to be up to her how much I tell you and whether you are in on it.
"In the meantime, how was that for you two? I saw what happened, but my perspective wasn't necessarily the best."
By this time we were back to the cafeteria area. It was a little early yet, to my surprise, and we didn't enter the cafeteria, but moved over to the side of the hallway to talk. As I had thought, Sam's experience had basically been a bust. Not awful, but not good. He just hadn't taken any time for anything but his own pleasure. Jenny was reasonably happy with her own experience. The guy had tried. What I had seen was pretty much the way it was. "He wanted to make it good for me, too. He even tried to take time for it. Honestly, I think what he really needs is practice. And I wouldn't mind being part of his getting it, really. He needs to learn to watch and listen. And you know, if I didn't have you for comparison, I might have been really happy about him."
I changed the subject. "Jenny, it's no big deal now, but at least twice I've put you off, about Sam and me before lunch. There's no big mystery, but you heard most of it at lunch now. Here are a couple more details.
"Bella used a variation on that game you all made me play, with the blindfold, remember? Somehow, that made me realize, deep down, that Sam could turn me on, and when the blindfold came off seeing her so overjoyed about that just melted my heart.
"Then, when we finally got supper, Sam teased me a little, um, kind of disparaging my reputation with the woman who brought us food. You know how hard I work to keep everyone thinking I know everything about pleasing all the girls." Jenny laughed and grabbed a kiss. "She implied that it was just my ineptitude that made us so late, and that she personally had straightened me out. So when we were done eating, there were some groups sitting around there talking, and I made Sam come over to me and kiss me at length. With their encouragement, I did some fondling, too. Mind you, it wasn't all for show. I was delighting in being able to enjoy this with her. And I'm pretty sure she understood that. And she was delighted by that, too. The afternoon had been really hard for both of us.
"She played it up big, with lots of moaning, a little of it even for real. Then, a minute later, she suggested that she had been thinking I was going to lay her back on the table and screw her then and there. And later she implied that I had wimped out by not doing so. Do you wonder that, being told to be exhibitionistic, I went ahead with that? You did notice that I gave her the chance to wimp out, and she encouraged me, right? And you did notice that she was the one who suggested it, in the first place?"
"Better her than me. I'm really not comfortable with that, you know that. But you said you're going to make me do it, just with a big audience instead of everyone?"
"Well, that's the general idea. Bigger than this afternoon, anyway. Soon after supper, I think. Let's go eat."
We detoured to the lavatory, then met and got our food. We sat with mostly the same people. There was a good amount of discussion of the afternoon's swapping games, but it seemed that our activity before lunch was still the big topic of the day. My prediction was justified, though. At different times, several different girls were bent over tables around the room, pants pulled down, partners entering from the rear. Several of them came pretty loudly, too. And not always partners, it seemed. One girl, only a couple of tables over, got it from at least five boys from the group there, and sounded like she was happy about it. Jenny glared at me. "Don't even think about it!" she told me firmly. At the time I thought she meant not to go get in line, but I later realized that she meant doing that to her. Probably. I actually had been considering taking a turn with the girl we were watching, though.
There were some other things, too. There were several girls sitting in their partners' laps, even near us, and after a bit I realized they all had pants pulled down, and that they were riding their partners' cocks. It did become pretty hard to ignore, when a couple of them came quite noisily.
Anyway, the general discussion was pretty lively that night.
But there was one other item to mention about supper that night. Jenny's original partner came up to our table, and made the apology he was supposed to. It was true, as far as it went. He admitted to having caused her great pain by not doing his part of activities outside of the formal training, and by abandoning her. He acknowledged that this was wrong. It didn't sound to me very heartfelt, and had I been in her place I probably would have told him to go take a flying leap in the Pacific Ocean and hoped for sharks. Jenny accepted his apology, though. Nothing about forgiveness, but they had satisfied what he had been told he had to do. And Jenny later reminded me that he had indeed worked to do his best in the context of receiving instruction, and that she thought he might well have been a good enough partner in some other class. "What he did to me was really selfish and insensitive, yes, but thinking about it, I probably know a couple of dozen boys in our class who are much worse that way and get away with it all the time. I wish it sounded like he actually felt sorry for hurting me like that, though."
And we later heard that his boyfriend's apology to his original partner had actually been more insulting than apologetic, and that she had told him off loudly and publicly, and that indeed there had been consequences imposed on him as a result, consequences which lasted to the end of the year—and possibly longer, as something may have gone into his permanent academic record. I hated being vindictive, but I couldn't help feeling glad about that part. Especially after hearing Barbara's story.



Revision: 4/17/2019