This is the second installment of "The Experiment" series - it's recommended that you read the first chapter, "The Experiment Ch. 01," before you read this one, but it's not necessary.
All individuals involved in sexual activity are consenting adults 18 years old or older. All events and people within this story are fictional and created solely as a work of erotic entertainment.
*****
When she first came home from work that day, Jennifer was greeted by the sight of her son Chris in nothing but shorts. She could tell he wasn't hard just yet, but she could still make out the distinct bulge of his flaccid cock. Aside from that, she was still mesmerized by her son's tight, rippling muscles in action as he quickly moved around the kitchen, making dinner for her. His actions caused both her heart and pussy lips to swell in pride.That'smyson,she thought proudly.Mine.
Before she'd announce her arrival, she discreetly undid the top few buttons of her blouse, exposing her bounteous cleavage to his hungry eyes if he chose to look her way.
Normally, Jennifer wasn't this promiscuous - but teasing a younger man was something that had turned her on even before the serum was given to her: she remembered in her senior year of highschool, she was passing by a freshman in the hallway after school. She remembered wearing a trenchcoat and lingerie underneath because later on, she had a date with her boyfriend, Jason. As she passed the freshma, she turned to him, tapped his shoulder, and undid her coat, flashing him.
She remembered how horny the simple act had made her. The date with Jason had ended with with a two-hour session of sex. Even though he had wore a condom (at least that time), she still ended up pregnant with Chris.
She undid the last button she could before she was basically topless, thought about what she was going to say, and said it.
"No shirt, today?" she asked teasingly, her horny desires were in the driver's seat with the serum stomping on the gas. Her motherly side sat shotgun, non-committedly trying to reach for the wheel.
"No, it's a little too hot for that," Chris responded, not taking an eye off of his cooking.
"Good," she approved. "you look a lot better like this," she commented, biting her finger sexily.
This drew a reaction from him that greatly pleased her; his eyes were redirected to her cleavage as he blushed. They made eye-contact for a mere fraction of a second before his eyes were redirected to her breasts which had noticeably swollen since this morning, and like this morning, his erection popped back into existence. Like mother like son, Jennifer's eyes were redirected to her son's shorts.
But unlike this morning, Chris made no attempt to hide his hard member. Even through his shorts, she could swear that his cock had grown since breakfast. She could now see how much more defined its veins ridges had become through the thin material of his shorts. They both stared at each other's bodies for several seconds before she broke the silence.
"Perfect," she said approvingly, "you look the best like this," she said as she walked to the coatroom, weighing her breasts in her hands.
She took off her heels and walked up the stairs to her room, "I'm gonna go change," she threw over her shoulder as she sashayed up the stairs as her son watched from the kitchen, behind her. She swayed her hips tantalisingly for his gawking eyes.
He licked his lips as he watched his mother ascend while rubbing his massive phallus through his shorts.
After she disappeared, Chris realized in shock what had just happened: he just showed his own mother his erection, which she looked at, and complimented! His member swelled in pride at the compliment to a point at which is was becoming painful to keep his shorts on since he had noticeably grown since this morning. He quickly shed them, freeing his titanic erection which stood out like a third arm. He now had to stand over a foot away from the edge of the counter so that his cockhead didn't touch it. It was a little awkward at first, but he liked how it felt without wearing clothes. He continued moving around the kitchen, his dick slicing through the air in front of him as he set the table.
Suddenly, he heard his mother coming down the stairs. He looked down at his nude state and knew he had to make a choice: he could either put his shorts back on, or not. Thinking about his mom's words earlier about freeing up his cock, he hurriedly tucked his shorts under the small round table and tablecloth and sat his bare-butt on the on the leather chair with his cockhead almost touching the underside of the table.
He turned his neck to face the stairs and couldn't believe his eyes; his mom was descending the staircase also naked apart from a pair of turquoise, lace silk boyshorts and a smile. Her huge, natural and sagless boobs bounced as she stepped with each of her breasts being the size of her head, maybe even bigger. Her bright, pink nipples were as long as pinky fingers with only quarter-sized areolae that simply begged to be sucked - especially as they dribbled a small squirt of milk with each of her heavy footfalls that made the buck naked Chris go buck wild.
His cock jumped, hitting the underside of the table with a thud as precum oozed from his tip and onto the floor. Chris was only now realizing how much of a mess was caused by the experiment. Luckily, the tablecloth meant that she couldn't see any of this, for which Chris sent a silent prayer of thanks.
He managed to choke back his moans of pleasure as his giant dick continued to repeatedly nudge the underside of the table and spew precum onto the floor.
Meanwhile, his mother either didn't see his current situation or pretended not to. She then went to the kitchen to grab utensils, something Chris had forgotten when setting the table, along with a cup. As she did this, she exposed her bare back, and more importantly, her sweet behind that was only covered by a thin layer of silk leaving little to the imagination; with every step, her ass gave a sexy wobble that did nothing to help Chris's pre-orgasmic coma. With great self-control, he tore his eyes away from her body to regain his composure and to stop his dick's spewing.
On the other side of the kitchen, Chris's mother relished in the taboo element of the current situation.
Jennifer could feel herself hot all over as she pranced around the kitchen in front of her son in nothing but the silky shorts. Despite everything, being this close to being nude was very invigorating; with each step, her ass and boobs jiggled without restraint. Speaking of her boobs, Meiko was definitely right; the milk was certainly ready; she'd have to lactate after this as she leaked milk everywhere she walked.
She then went back to the table to sit down, gave a fork and a spoon to her son and looked at him with a smile. As their table wasn't that big, their knees nudged each others' as she sat opposite to him, catching his eyes on her chest.
"Yeah, you're not the only one who can suddenly decide to stop wearing clothes," she said, boldly thrusting out her chest.
"I noticed," he said with a grimace.
She quickly realized her son's discomfort. She knew exactly what effect her newly exposed curves were having on him, and she loved it. She readjusted the way she sat, with one of her feet down and one nestled against her crotch up on the seat.
"What's wrong, honey? Is everything okay?" she asked, knitting her eyebrows, feigning innocence.
He didn't respond immediately, and his breathing was slightly ragged.
He's probablysohard right now,she thought. She licked her lips remembering how fat his member had looked earlier while he was wearing his shorts. The serum in her had her thinking about all the naughty places in her body she could use to house her son's incestuous hard-on as the mother in her tried to fight these thoughts away - but it was of no use.
She felt the heel of the foot against her crotch warm up as she started directing pornos starring her and her son's hard cock as she started grinding her almost-bare pussy against her heel, with nothing separating them other than a sheer piece of fabric she regretted putting on. She rocked back and forth in her seat patiently pleasing herself as she waited for her son to answer.
"I-I'm fine," he finally spat, openly ogling her tits with both his large hands on the table, balled in tight fists.
She knew that this was obviously a lie, but her motherly side took over and dropped the subject.
They sat in silence for a few seconds before they both realized that they were sitting at a dinner table with no dinner.
"Damn, son, the food sure smells amazing... but I kinda wanna try it too!" said her inner mother, lightening the mood of this incredibly sexually tense moment. Jennifer shot a wholesome smile and relaxed.
He smiled back.
"Holy f- you're right, mom, I completely forgot," he chuckled. "Actually, uhh, I was kinda hoping the dog would fetch it," he grinned.
"We don't have a dog!"
They both burst out laughing. As Chris surrendered and slid his chair out from under the tablecloth, for a moment, Jennifer thought that the two of them could overcome the serum and live life like a normal family. She thought that she wouldn't succumb to her own fantasies. She thought that the tension between them was forever broken.
But all that wishful thinking was trumped as her son stood up.
She let out a sharp, audible gasp as she saw his long, thick, pulsing penis.
Chris wondering what had drew this reaction from his mother before looking down and realizing his mistake far too late.
He froze as he stood before her, naked from head to toe like a deer in headlights - except his cock was the deer and Jennifer's tits were the headlights.
Chris gulped as he watched his mother drink in his naked, aroused body and he had to admit that this wasn't exactly the reaction he'd expected: Her eyes were automatically glued to his ruler-sized member - that was expected - but it was the craning of her neck to get the best angle that surprised him. It was the kneading of her breasts that made his cock jump. It was the gentle gyrating of her hips that made him think that his mother may not be having the most motherly thoughts right now.
"Wow," she said, breaking the silence, blinking, tearing her eyes from his giant member to look to his eyes before flicking them back to it. "You're huge, baby."
He felt his face turn red, but it wasn't with embarrassment, he thought to himself as he grinned.
His cock twitched, causing a drop of precum oozed from its tip that his mother watched slowly trail from his bulbous cockhead to connect itself to the scarlett tablecloth, darkening it with a dark stain.
She smiled before flicking her eyes to his eyes and back to his slit as if she hoped more would form. "A little excited, aren't we?
"Sorry about the mess-"
"Oh, don't apologize for that, Mr. Miller," she reassured. "As this experiment progresses, our house will become more and more messy with all these extra fluids we'll be producing." To prove her point, she leaned forward and squeezed her left nipple causing some milk to spray onto the table, the streaks of her heavenly white booby beverage contrasting sexily with the ruby-red table covering. "See?"
Watching his mom squirt milk was one of the hottest things Chris had ever seen - his knees almost buckled as he started seeing stars.
Jennifer didn't think such simple act could have such an effect on her only child - but she wasn't going to complain.
She watched as her son clutched the table's edge, his cock bucked repeatedly as a thick, white fluid shot onto the table in quick, tight ropes.Probably cum,she thought. He couldn't stop humping the air like a dog in the presence of a bitch in heat. She started rocking back and forth again, her eyes glazed over as she ground her clit on her heel repeatedly. She bit her lip so she wouldn't moan from pleasure from the eye candy her son was giving her right now.
He closed his eyes as he leaned forward, his thick rod gushing across the table, painting the red tablecloth a slightly translucent white color.
Oh, my poor baby, she thought to herself as her motherly side and serum side merged.How pent upareyou?
She watched intently as her son continued spurting onto the table showing little to no signs of stopping.
His cock pumped again, and again, and again - each pump making her want pull open the waistband of her shorts and shove her fingers knuckle deep in her pussy to get her the orgasm she craved and needed so much - but she just couldn't. She wasn't going to masturbate over her own child. At least, not while he's in the room...
After what felt like forever, his manmeat slowed, and stopped its pumping.
He opened his eyes and saw that there was now a thick, white streak of his precum on their dinner table.
He slowly sat up straighter and looked to his mother: her eyes slightly glazed as she looked from the mess on the table to his still hard cock, one hand alternatively squeezing her hefty breasts and pinching her nipples, the other hand underneath the table - arm moving rhythmically.
His mother was sexually pleasing herself right in front of him! He was thinking so many things right now:
That's your mom! This is gross!
That's so hot! This is amazing!
Look at how big her tits are!
They're your mother's breasts! Don't look at them!
You sucked those tits as a baby! You should suck them now!
He was definitely conflicted - but his penis sure wasn't as it stayed hard - maybe even harder than before. Thrusting out his hips, he showed off his cock in such a brazzen way that evenhewas surprising himself. He had to admit, the serum was definitely affecting his thoughts and decisions a lot more than he thought it would. He became desperate to clear his head and make sense of everything that happened since Mom had come home: Why were they doing this? How had he lost so much control? He had to put an end to this - at least for now.
"I'm going to get the food now," he said, breaking her reverie.
She blinked a few times, her hands freezing, yet staying on her body. She tore her eyes from her son's dick to look him in the eyes, almost in awe that he was more than just a potential sex toy. "What?"
Chris grinned; she was so horny she could barely hear him! His mother! The woman that scolded him to make his bed when he was eight, the woman that kept reminding him to wash behind his ears when he was nine, the woman that helped me get dressed for prom when he was seventeen... it was all so wrong... so taboo...
His cock kept pulsing.
"I'm going to get the food now," he repeated.
She blinked again. "Yeah... okay, honey," she mumbled absentmindedly. "Just... let me finish myself off," she said, turning red from her forehead to her tits almost shocked at her own upfrontness.
On his way to the kitchen, he saw her hand wrist-deep in her shorts under the table cloth, moving violently as she strenuously massaged a titanic titty with her other hand. Her eyes stayed glued to his erection as her breathing quickly sped up, lips parting. As he left the room, she gave her erect nipple a pinch sending another gush of her white milk onto the red cloth to mingle with his dick-juice.
As he checked on the food, he was able to take his mind off his need to fuck as his erection slowly deflated. Chris heard the quick breathing from the dining room turn to panting. He contently sighed at his new reality as the panting turned to loud, feminine moaning as he heard a chair creaking rhythmically. He touched the food with the back of his hand: it was warm, but not quite perfect.
"Ohh...yes...please... oh, fuck...yes, baby...ohhh," she screamed in the other room. As soon as it left, erection returned upon hearing that his mother was fantasizing about her own son's cock.
He took some of the soon-to-be dinner and popped it into his mouth and immediately spit it out - too raw. With a slight pang of guilt, he remembered the mess he left on the table and grabbed a roll of paper towels to clean it up.
The moaning went back to panting as Chris started walking back to the dining room to see his mother again; the same woman, but so different all the same: her hand was still in her underwear, but the other hand was running a finger through the puddle of his magic juice still pooled there. She stared at the finger for a few seconds, transfixed at its viscosity before she brought it to her lips and licked it clean with her eyes closed the entire time. Watching this one of the hottest things he had ever seen. His hands went a little limp nearly causing the roll of towels to be dropped.
She was leaning back in her chair, traces ofhisprecum staining the corners of her satisfied smile. She was positively GLOWING and was easily the most beautiful thing he'd ever seen; it made his heart race and his cock throb.
Her eyes were still closed, so he quietly tiptoed to his seat and sat down across from her. However, due to the small size of our table, his knees made contact with hers.
Her eyes opened and quickly found his. "Hey, dear."
"Hey mom," he replied, smiling back - her happiness was contagious.
Noticing his empty-handedness, "No food?"
"Not yet, it's still a little raw."
"Ooh, a little raw - I can't say I mind that," she said dreamily, looking off into the distance. "Your father: Jason and I had it raw a lot when we were your age. It was a lot of fun." She reminisced in silence for a moment before shaking her head and tucking in her chair, but given how small the table was and how big his member had grown, her knee nudged her son's cock.
"Oh yeah," she said, remembering her son's sudden nudity. "You... your shorts seem to have disappeared?" she asked, before adjusting herself such that his beating cockhead sat comfortably on her knee.
"Right, yeah," he chuckled. "Well I took your advice - you freed up your breasts while I freed up my... my..."
She rolled her eyes playfully. "You can say it, baby," she said with a grin as she bobbing her leg up and down, causing his manmeat to bounce on her knee.
"Alright, mommy," Chris smiled. "My cock!"
She mirrored his smile. "Yes, Chris! Attaboy!" she congratulated as she gave a little shimmy-shake causing her massive tits to sway from side to side. "Now that wasn't too hard now, was it?" she asked, continuing her dance as her tits vied for his horny attention.
"Yeahh... no..." he couldn't help but imagine his cock between her tits as they tumbled around. He twitched on her knee.
She stops her dancing. Noticing her son's lowered gaze, she snaps her fingers a few times. "Eyes up here mister," she said playfully.
He blinked. "Sorry," he said sheepishly as he once again notices the precum around her lips. "Hey, you got a little something."
"Yeah, well you've got a really big something," she said, bouncing her knee once more. "If you let me have my 'little something,'" she said, still smiling, "Then I'll allow you to keep this," she proposed as she tapped the tip of her son's rock-hard penis under the table, sending a jolt of electricity through his body. "Deal?" she asked, arching a single eyebrow.
"Deal." said Chris quickly.
She smirked. "That's what I thought." She slides a finger into her mouth and sucked it clean before pulling it out with a loud pop. On her knee, she felt a jerk. "Oh, I almost forgot to ask: have you been able to produce anything while I was gone?"
"Any... what?"
"Cum? Semen? Hell, baby batter? Whatever you wanna call it," she giggled.
I chuckled, shaking my head. "No, no cum since you left for work."
"Other than this art, of course," she said, running her fingers through the thick white streaks on the table.
Chris looked taken aback. "Are you serious," he asked, half-jokingly.
She paused. "Honey, what are you saying?"
"Mom, that's not cum," he said sternly.
She blinked. "Chris, mommy's a scientist." She scooped some of the fluid in her hand and let it slowly flow off of it and onto the table. "See how viscous this is? This is thicker than any of the semen I've ever seen in a lab, or in a college dorm," she added. "There's no way this is only the appetizer."
He shook his head. "I came this morning when I was-"
"When you were in the washroom, about to shower, you stroked yourself off into the toilet," she finished, smiling at his dumbfoundedness.
"Wha- you heard that?"
Jennifer nodded.
"Oh." he paused. "Well as I was saying, I came this morning. That felt much different from when I was shooting all of... this. That this morning was cum. This is just precum," he said sternly.
"Oh." it was her turn to pause as she briefly imagined just how thick his actual cum must be. "Well, you need to cum regularly for the serum to work. Did you need me to help?"
"Mommy!" he said, surprised, yet intrigued. "I'm an adult now; you don't have to hold my hand anymore."
"True, but it's not your hand I want to hold."
He gulped. His mother was being super flirtatious right now. "Th- then what is it you wanted to hold?"
Leaning in close, keeping strong eye-contact, she reached over with her pussy-juice-soaked hand and gripped Chris's hard cock right below the head. "This," she whispered, tightening her grip, before leaning back and thrusting out her chest, pushing her hair out of the way so her only child could get a clear view of her breasts, tilting her head to the side and arching an eyebrow, not loosening her grasp.
For moments, he just sat there, silent, as his cock jerked and sputtered in his mother's hand; she was able to encircle about two thirds of his thick shaft but it seemed she wanted more as her fingers tightened around his long, pulsating penis. Precum splattered his mother's knee and thigh as his eyes drank in her voluptuous, mature breasts. He wanted to touch them so bad ... they just looked so warm and inviting ... but he couldn't. This was a woman - not just some sort of sex object. But above all else, this was his mother. This was wrong and something he just couldn't do. No matter how inviting...
As his second mom-induced orgasmic coma settled down, his eyes refound his mother's and realized she was still smiling at him. She arched her eyebrow again, maintaining her hold on his horny cock. It was almost as if she wanted him to do something equally daring or equally sexy in return. It was like a challenge.
A challenge that Chris accepted.
"Thanks for the help, ma, but I feel like if you're gonna help me... produce, I deserve to be able to help you too." he sat up straighter, and extended and arm to reach for her bounteous treasure chest.
Her eyebrows furrowed and grabbed his hand before it could find her boobs pushing it away. She lowered her gaze to the table as she released her hand from his needy penis, slowly pulling away.
Chris knew his mother - she rarely made this face - something was wrong.
"Mom?"
She hesitated before getting up from the table and taking a few steps away from it. "Stop. This has to stop. You're my son! I'm your mother! I was holding the penis I wiped for you when you were growing up! This is so... so..." She reached up with one hand to hold her forehead, but it was matted with her son's precum. Flustered, she tried her other hand only to realize that it was glazed with her own pussy fluids. She looked at her reflection to see her son's natural lube around her lips and milk leaking from her breasts and onto her tummy. Her boyshorts were completely soaked through from her earlier orgasm and more precum ran down her left leg.
She was disgusted with herself and on the verge of tears. "Chris," she choked out. "What we... what we were doing was very... very... well... not very "right" by most people. Most would call me a horrible-" she sniffed. "-a horrible parent for what I let happen and-"
"And why, mom, why do you think that?" he questioned, standing up and taking a big step towards her.
She blinked. "Honey, you're an adult now," she started, looking at his chiseled, muscular chest, unable to meet his eyes. "You know that parents and kids shouldn't do the things we've done," she absentmindedly reached up and ran her fingers over his chest that caused him to gasp and his hard member to twitch; her touch was driving him insane in a way that she didn't even notice. "You- we could be in a lot of trouble if anyone found out."
"You love me," he said, taking a small step towards her causing his erection to poke her abdomen. "And today," he flicked his eyes from his tip and back to her eyes. "Today you really showed me; and isn't that exactly what a good parent should do? Isn't a mother supposed to show her love towards her kids however and whenever she can? If society thinks that's wrong, then we shouldn't care about them."
She paused. "I get that, baby, but you're all I have left; I just can't lose you," her eyes found his, with her chin pointing downwards.
"Oh, mommy, don't say that; I can't stand the thought of losing you either." He stepped closer, closing the gap between them, wrapped his arms around his mother and embraced her in a hug that she returned. Chris felt her boobs press up against him as he felt warm fluid on his chest and an even warmer fluid on his balls as they pressed up against her lace shorts. His swollen shaft pressed up against her tummy with its head nestled itself between her lady lumps. Her head turned to the side as it rest on his pectorals. The hug was intimate on more levels than one, and yet, neither of them pulled away.
"I can't stand that thought either," she said. "So pleease promise me you'll make sure nobody finds out about... whatever this is between us."
Chris pulled away but kept his big hands on her shoulders. He tilted up her chin and looked deep into her eyes. "It can be our little secret," he said softly with a smile creeping onto his face.
One of his hands then found his her face, caressing it as the other trailed down her arm. He then leaned in, and for the first time of many to come, Chris's lips made contact with his mother's as her kissed her gently, closing his eyes.
She didn't pull away.
After a moment's hesitation, her hand found the back of Chris's head as she returned the kiss, inhaling deeply.
His hands then found her hips, and then her ass. She was still wearing her shorts, but they were so tight that they left little to the imagination. He cupped a buttcheek with each of his big hands that her cheeks filled comfortably. He gave them a loving squeeze: soft, yet firm.
She slowly started grinding her cum-soaked silk boyshorts into her son's hefty testicles.
Slightly taken aback, he quickly recovered before taking a strong hold of his mother's sweet behind and pulling her into his crotch.
"Mmph," she moaned into their mother-son kiss as one of her hands found his shaft and started rubbing it furiously.
Chris returned the moan, breaking to kiss for less than a second before she found his lips once again and began kissing back with twice the intensity. He felt the warmth and dampness of her shorts press against him as her other hand joined the first on his phat phallus, stroking him so fast that precum was flowing freely from his slit and was being deposited in between those tits that he'd craved all day; his cock was definitely in heaven. Chris wanted this moment to last forever and it seemed that it was only getting started as the woman craving him had taken his lower lip between her lips and started nibbling on it. He was a virgin his whole life, and if this kept up, that was most likely to change! He'd never forget this - how it was a Saturday evening, how it was in his own home, how she came onto him, how it was... his... mom?
With great reluctance and to the dismay of his twelve-and-a-half-inch member, he pushed away his mother, ending the kiss and the grinding, yet her hands lingered on his cock: still throbbing. There was now a precum trail from the top of her cleavage that snaked in between her breasts and in and out of her belly button before getting absorbed by her already-soaked lace shorts. In under two seconds, the look on her face went from the happiest he'd seen her almost ever to the face from earlier: troubled.
"Oh dear, oh dear, oh dear..." Jennifer murmured as she let go of her son's erection before pacing back and forth, rubbing her temples with her fingers unintentionally smearing herself with his precum and her pussyjuice.
"Mommy?"
She freezes. Not turning to look at him, "Baby, I just need a little time to... to process this, okay? It's...it's just-"
"Mom, what's the matter?"
She paused with a sigh, shaking her head. "Chris, it's not you... I... I'm the one who started this. I just need some space for a bit is all," she said, looking over her shoulder to her son and shooting him a weak smile.
Chris's face goes stern.
"I'll find away to fix this; pleease don't worry okay?" she begged. "I'm the parent here."
Chris paused.
"Jennifer Miller," he calls her for the first time in his life as he took two steps towards her and turned her to face him with his powerful hands. His tip poked her tummy again, but he ignored it as he put both his hands on her shoulders. "Any problem you have is a problem I have. We agreed to sign up for this experiment together; so that's how we're gonna deal with these problems:" He gently squeezed her arms and feigned a smile. "Together."
Jennifer was at a loss for words. She lowered her gaze to his defined abs as she slowly formed a smile. "My little baby turned around and grew up on me," she chuckled. "Since when did you sneak off and get all mature, mister?" she asked, grinning.
His feigned smile turns genuine.
Chris raised his mother's chin with a twinkle in his eyes. "I couldn't just stand there and watch my baby mommy go all sad, now could I?"
She sighs. "You have to admit though: after today, I don't think I'll ever be able to see you in the same light as before ... and I'm afraid you're in the same boat." She gulped, and carefully thought about what she was to say next. "Can you promise me something?"
"Of course, honey, anything, what is it?" He reached up with both hands, cupping her breasts, starting to tenderly massage them.
She put her hands on his arms but didn't push them away this time. "I will always, always think of you as my son and nothing else." She thrust out her chest into her son's hands. "Can you always think of me as just your mom?" She grew stern.
His hands went still on her breasts. He paused for a long time, thinking.
She waited. This was a moment of truth for her: was taking part in this experiment a mistake? Was getting paid two hundred thousand dollars worth it? These were all questions that swirled around in Jennifer's mind as she waited. The silence was killing her.
Chris took a deep breath before saying one word: "No."
His mother looked crestfallen, blinking. "No?"
"No," he repeated. "Today, we were so open with each other - more open than we have been with each other in my entire life. After completely exposing myself to you, I feel like there's no reason for me to hide my personality, or my interests or... anything from you anymore! So no, mom. I will not just think of you as just my mom; not after today. From now on, I'll think of you as someone I can trust, someone I can confide in, someone I can ask for help if I need it. From now on, you are not just my mom; you're also my teacher, my best friend, my co-scientist all the while being my mom: just all at the same time."
For several moments, Jennifer simply stared at her son, amazed and proud before smiling the widest smile, eyes glinting before saying "Come here, you," and squishing her son, his still-hard cock and even her breasts in a tight hug; a hug that wasn't serum-fueled whatsoever.
"I'm so sorry I said that you were my son and nothing else." She kissed him on the chest. "That was the biggest lie of my life." Another kiss. "You're my baby." Kiss. "My pride." Kiss. "My joy." Kiss. "My best friend." Lick. "My greatest achievement." Kiss. "My roommate." Loong lick. "My...
And that was where Chris had stopped listening. While these were wholesome kisses from his mother, these were wet kisses from a woman he had wanted to do some naughty things to not too long ago, and each kiss made his cock deposit a glob of precum in between his mother's warm, pillowy tits: deposits that she seemed to not notice or chose to ignore. He held on to her tightly, doing his best not to fall over as his heart raced faster than ever before.
"...and last but not the least," she said as she pulled away from the hug. "My son." she finished, shooting him a smile that only a mother could form.
Despite the sincerity of the situation, Chris felt his knees go weak as he stumbled backwards to lean on the table for support: exposing the mess he made in between his mother's proud tits that, for a split second, stayed connected to his massive manmeat with a thick, unstable bridge of precum before collapsing onto the birch flooring with a splat.
Jennifer looked down at the fiasco down her front and then the floor. She attempted to look to her tummy with little success due to her melons blocking the view. She tried using her hands to move them out of the way before looking to the creator of all this mess: The cock of her baby, her pride and joy and her son.
Her smile faltered but her gaze held strong.
Chris opened his mouth to talk but no words came out as he was still catching his breath.
She watched him visibly beat in time with his heartbeat without the slightest trace of going flaccid despite the heartfelt moment she'd thought they'd just had. His heart rate was so high, it basically vibrated. Jennifer stood in place and watched, trying to find her son's heart rate just by looking at his sex. It had to be at least one hundred forty beats per minute...
A dollop of precum emerged from his slit.
She tilted her head to one side as her lips parted as she marvelled at how much time it took the glob to descend this long, girthy andvibratingshaft.
She shivered.
She stared at the glob, transfixed, as it slid over the curvature of his bulbous testicles. She gulped. Only when the precum slid off of Chris and join the pool on the floor did the mother blink. She gave her son's eyes a mere glance before leaving the room murmuring "Needa shower..."
Lightheaded, Chris found a chair and sat for a few moments, still catching his breath and thought long and hard about what he'd just experienced:did Mom find me... attractive? Sure she was a woman who ogled my cock for several minutes, but she was also a scientist who observed her lab experiment. She let me massage those beautiful boobs, but everyone needs a massage! She masturbated while moaning my name... but... it's an easy mistake to make -right..? She probably hates me: she made that worried look twice in one dayandshe pushed away my hand the first time I tried to touch her - not to mention that she just left me alone.He sighed as his erection started going flaccid.Hopefully she-
"Chris!" he heard his mother call from the washroom.
He took a deep breath. "Yes?"
"You're just as... 'dirty' as I am right now; you need a shower too."
"Okay, mommy, I'll shower when you're done."
"Ohmigod, no! I meant with me, dumbass! Now hurry up before I change my mind," she called.
His eyes lit up. He might be seeing his mother naked! Well, more naked than she already was... But aside from that, he would see her shapely bottom along with her holiest of holies between her lovable thighs!
Chris was amazed by this turn of events as he sat, unmoving, smiling.
"Are you coming, or not?" she called.
He got up. "Yes, mommyy," he called as he sped-walked up the stairs.
Once up the stairs, he jogged to the bathroom with his cock slapping his thighs with each step with his erection returning.
Harder.
Longer.
Thicker.
It grew; and it grew FAST.
TO BE CONTINUED
Thanks for reading my newest story: "The Experiment Ch. 02: 12.5" DDD!"
Remember to rate, comment and follow me!
I hope you enjoyed!
If you did, be sure to check out my other series: "My Motherly Duties!"
PS, in "The Experiment Ch. 01," when Jennifer thought "my thirty-year-old body," she meant her body was in her thirties! She is actually 37 to be exact!