Chapter 49: Risqué Art
Sam and Britney ate breakfast and were ready to leave in plenty of time. After hugging Gloria good bye, the girls got into the car and were about to drive off.
"Oh! I almost forgot! Have the artist take some photos of the two of you together. I want to frame a couple to display in the house."
"OK Mom, we won't forget. Love you!"
"I love you too, girls!"
Once they were a few blocks away, Sam reach into the back seat, grabbed a small package, and handed it to Britney.
"What's this?"
"Accessories for today's art show."
Britney slowly opened the package. When she looked inside she found two sets of faux animal ear headbands and tails.
"I don't understand?"
"Look more closely."
"OK, one set looks like a fox and the other a tiger. A tiger!?"
"Today you get to be your favorite wild animal!"
Britney took the tiger ears out of the box and put them on her head. "How do I look?"
"Absolutely adorable!"
She then took the fox ears out of the box and put them on Sam. "There you go! You look really cute too!"
Britney then examined the tails. She took one out of the box and felt the fluffy fur. Then she noticed the end of the tail. It was smooth and shaped like a pointy mushroom.
"Umm, Sam?"
"Yes Sweetie?"
"Do you realize what's on the end of the tail?"
"Yea, it's a butt plug. That's how we're going to wear them."
"OK, now I'm really confused! It's time for you to come clean about this art show we're going to!"
Sam explained that they were going to participate in a nude body painting competition. Artists from all over the country come to Hampton Grove to transform 'human canvases' into various animals, birds, reptiles, plants, etc. The city council voted to suspend indecency laws during the show, so participants are free to walk around the town nude, provided their bodies are completely covered in paint.
"So let me get this straight. You want to walk around in public, completely nude, wearing only body paint, animal ears, and a butt plug tail?"
"Yes, and I want to do that with you!"
"And you've arranged for an artist to paint us to look like a tiger and a fox?"
"Yes! And they happen to be two of the more famous artists in who participate in this event!"
"Well, I have to say that this the craziest idea you've come up with so far!"
"And?"
"And, I absolutely love it!"
"I knew you would!" Sam was practically bouncing in her seat with excitement!
"So, have you been to this event before?"
"No. But I've always wanted to go."
"What was stopping you?"
"You... I mean, not having you in my life. But now that you're here and we're together, I can do everything I've ever wanted to do."
"Well, I'm so happy that I make you happy!" Britney reached over and caressed Sam's neck. She brought her fingers to rest on her collar. "You know; the artist might want you to remove your collar. It might get in the way of their painting."
"I was thinking it might. I guess I could remove it this one time, provided you approve."
"Of course I approve. Besides, you're always talking about how you're not really naked when you're wearing your collar."
Sam giggled, "That's right!" Sam suddenly noticed the road sign for Hampton Grove. "Look! We're almost there! Oh! I can't wait! We're going to have so much fun!"
"I'm sure we will..."
All the body painting took place at the Hampton Grove Community Center. Artists had two hours to paint their canvasses. The artwork would then be judged and afterwards the participants could walk around the town square. About a hundred portable stalls were setup inside the community center providing the artists with a private area to paint.
Sam and Britney checked in at the reception desk and were directed to their assigned artists. Their artists were located in separate areas, so they wouldn't be able to see each other until the judging began.
"Look for me when you're done! I'll be the little red fox with a bushy tail!"
"Yes Sam, I'm sure I'll be able to find you."
"And I'll look for the sexy tiger!"
"You're crazy! You know that, right?"
"Crazy in love!"
The girls kissed and went to find their assigned artists. Sam skipped away like schoolgirl.
Britney found her artist right away. "Hello? Am I in the right place?"
"Are you here to become a tiger?"
"Yes I am!"
"Then you've found the right place and the right artist! My name is Ryan. And you are?"
"Britney."
"Welcome Britney! And this is my assistant Carol." Britney and Carol exchanged hellos. "So, is this your first time to be painted?"
"Yes it is."
"Fabulous! I love virgin canvasses! Before we get started, do you need to use the bathroom or have any special requests?"
"I brought these ears and tail that I'd like to wear."
Ryan examined the accessories. "Yes, I can work with these. They will definitely make your transformation even more realistic." Ryan handed the ears and tail to Carol. "OK, Britney, go ahead and take off your clothes."
Britney removed her clothing and handed them to Carol. Carol folded them up neatly and put them into a bag, along with her purse.
"Your belongings will be secured in a wall locker. Check in at the reception desk at the end of the day to collect them." explained Carol.
Ryan stepped back and gasped. "What a beautiful canvass! It's almost a shame to cover it with paint!" Britney started blushing. "My apologies! I didn't mean to embarrass you!"
"No, it's OK. I shouldn't be here if I didn't want to want to be admired, right?"
"Well, once you're covered in paint, you can blush all you want, because no one will be able to tell... Now then, Carol is going to wipe down your body and then I'm going to spray you with a clear prep coat. It will minimize perspiration and give the paint a good surface to adhere to. And don't worry, everything's non-toxic and hypoallergenic."
Carol started wiping Britney's entire body with what looked like baby wipes, only they felt more astringent. When Carol was done, Ryan instructed Britney to close her eyes and hold her breath as he sprayed her face and neck. Then he sprayed the rest of her body. She could feel her skin tighten from the spray.
"OK Britney, are you ready to begin?"
"Yes I am!"
Ryan used various air brushes to apply the paint to Britney's body, and Carol would provide him the different colors of paint as he needed them. He used a large air brush to apply the main colors and a smaller brush for the details. Britney was required to stand the entire time, turning around and raising her arms and legs when needed. When it came time to paint her face, Britney was allowed to sit down.
"Won't the paint come off on the chair?"
"These paints won't. They will only come off with soap and warm water. I'm going to take a short break while Carol fits your ears and styles your hair, OK?"
"Sure."
Carol quickly went to work on Britney's hair. "You don't mind if I take the ears off of the headband do you? I'll be able to fit them better with some hair clips and pins."
"Do whatever you think is best."
"Thanks... By the way, you're looking absolutely amazing! This has to be one of Ryan's best works so far!"
"Really?" Britney started to move her head to look at her body.
"Please don't look until Ryan is done. Trust me, the wait is worth it."
When Carol was finished, Britney's own ears were hidden by her hair and the faux ears were positioned on her head like those of a real cat's. They appeared to be a natural part of Britney's body. Ryan came back into the stall and inspected her work.
"Excellent Carol! Perfect! Now then Britney, let's complete your transformation..."
Ryan used the smallest air brush to apply the paint to her face. About half an hour later he set his brush down and stepped back from Britney.
"I think we're done. Please stand up!"
Britney stood up and Ryan had her turn around several times while he looked at her from all angles.
"Yes, we are definitely done! All that's left is your tail."
Carol held the tail in her hand. "I can fit it for you, that way you won't accidentally smear the paint."
"Sure, go ahead..."
Britney bent over and Carol gently inserted the plug into her anus. It was a tight fit, but that would ensure that it didn't accidentally fall out.
Ryan started clapping. "Perfect! Absolutely perfect! You look like you came straight from the jungles of India. Britney, would you like to see your transformation?"
"Yes please!"
Carol walked over to one of the walls of the stall and pulled back a curtain that was covering a full sized mirror. Britney could not believe what she was seeing! The image in the mirror moved as she did, but it was not her. She couldn't recognize herself under the tiger pattern that was painted on her skin!
"Oh my God! Ryan what have you done?!"
"I transformed you into a tiger, just as you requested!"
Britney just stared at the reflection in the mirror. She couldn't believe it was actually her.
"Britney, do you mind if I take some photos of you and my artwork?"
"Not at all. Would you be able to take some of my girlfriend and me together as well?"
"Is she also being painted?"
"Yes. She is going to be a fox."
"Oh, I think that's Gabriella's canvass. She does excellent work too. I doubt you'll recognize her when you see her."
In the meantime, Carol had setup a jungle backdrop for the photo shoot.
"Thanks Carol... Now, do you mind going over to Gabby's stall and see if her fox is ready and escort her back here?"
"I'd be happy to!"
Ryan turned his attention back to Britney. "OK Britney, you can pose however you like. I'll just snap photos and sort out the best ones later."
Britney posed in different exotic and cat-like positions. Ryan took over a two dozen photos.
"Beautiful Britney! Absolutely beautiful! You're a natural!"
"Well, to tell you the truth, I actually feel like a tiger!"
"And your photos capture that feeling perfectly!"
About that time Carol returned. "I hope someone's guarding the henhouse, because there's a fox on the loose!"
Sam stepped into the stall and Britney couldn't believe her eyes! Sam was painted just as meticulously as she was, but her artist applied a more whimsical/animated style.
"Sam? Is that you?"
"I was going to say the same thing about you, Sweetie!"
"Come here! Let me check you out!" Britney had her turn around in front of her. "You are just too cute!"
"You really think so?"
"I do! And I love your fluffy tail too!" Britney reached down a gave it a gentle tug.
Sam immediately shivered and let out a small moan!
"Oh, sorry, I didn't mean to..."
"That's OK, I didn't think it would be such a tight fit."
"Does it hurt?"
"Yes, but in a good way..." Sam took a moment to regain her composure. "Anyway, you're absolutely beautiful! If I didn't know better, I'd think that you're a real tigress! Actually you look like a 'Khajiit' from the Elder Scrolls video games. They are one of the beast races which inhabit the continent of Tamriel, and..."
"Sam, before you go off on a tangent, Ryan has agreed to take some photos of us together!"
"Oh yea, for Mom!"
"OK ladies, we only have a few minutes before you need to be in place for the judging. So if you don't mind..."
Sam and Britney faced each other, held hands and pretended to kiss. "OK, we're ready!" announced Britney.
Ryan snapped a few photos. "OK! That's really cute! Mom will love it! But how about one that's a little more intimate?"
"What do you mean?"
"Trust me, you'll love this!"
Ryan repositioned the girls into a more seductive pose. He had Britney put her hands on Sam's ass while Sam cupped one of Britney's breasts in her hand.
"Now open your mouths and touch your tongues together like you're going to French kiss. Perfect! Sam, tilt your head back a little. That's great! Now both of you close your eyes." Ryan snapped a few photos. "Perfect! I love capturing a couples' passion in a photo!"
"Thank you so much Ryan! What do we owe you for that?" asked Sam.
"No charge. The photos are digital, and it won't cost a thing to email them to you."
"Are you sure?"
"Absolutely. Now hurry up to the stage, the judging is about to begin!"
Sam and Britney hurried to the stage. As they walked, their tail would swing side to side and tug at their anus. The feeling was quite erotic, especially for Sam! All the participants assembled at the back of the stage behind the main curtain. Event coordinators instructed everyone to form two lines at the each side of the stage. Participants would then walk to the center of the stage, down the center runway, turn around, and walk back the way they came. When it was the participant's turn, they would hand one of the coordinator's a card that had their name, the artist's name, the title of the artwork, and a brief description.
The canvasses ranged in age from 18 all the way to 99, and were of all shapes and sizes. Not everyone was painted to look like an animal. Many were painted as flowers, super heroes, aliens, etc. If you could imagine it, they painted it! Sam and Britney took special notice of some of the men. One was painted to look like and elephant with his cock as the trunk! While another was painted as Pinocchio's nose!
"I wonder if he's supposed to tell a lie during the judging? You know, to fully demonstrate the artwork?" whispered Britney.
"I don't know if that would be allowed."
"Well, they can't expect the guys not to get excited, especially with so many naked bodies around! And some of the artwork would definitely look better if the men were hard, like that guy over there..."
The guy was painted like a dragon, with his large cock as the neck and head! Britney was reminded of her symbiont and relieved that it was currently hibernating. There was no doubt in her mind that it would want to feed from that large cock, and that would definitely disrupt the show.
The time finally came for Sam to walk across the stage. Sam handed her card to the coordinator. "Next we have Miss Samantha Robins as a Woodland Fox, painted by Gabriella Carson!" There was a loud round of applause from the audience. "This sly little fox is quite the burglar. Not only will she steal your eggs and chickens, but your heart as well. And who would blame you? She's as cute as they come! Let's give another round of applause for Samantha Robins and the artwork of Gabriella Carson!"
Sam was grinning ear to ear! She loved the attention and she loved the fact that she was completely naked in front of everybody. When she returned to back stage, Britney was waiting for her.
"Babe! You were wonderful! The audience loved you!"
"Oh, Britney! It was so exciting! All those people clapping, whistling, and taking photos! It was such a rush! I thought I was going to pass out or have an orgasm!"
"Well, luckily you did neither! I'm so proud of you!"
"I'm proud of you too! The audience is going to go crazy when they see you, I just know it!"
When it was finally Britney's turn, she handed her card to the coordinator. "Here we have Miss Britney Davis as a voluptuous Tigress, the creation of Ryan Thompson!" The audience went wild when they saw Britney, just like Sam had predicted! "This jungle beauty may look cuddly, but make no mistake, she's a killer! Watch out villagers! No one's safe when this sexy cat is on the prowl! Let's hear it again for Britney Davis and Ryan Thompson!"
Britney rejoined Sam back stage. Sam was bouncing with excitement!
"Why are you so giddy?"
"Because my girlfriend is this most gorgeous woman here!"
"What makes you say that?"
"After you walked out on stage, those guys over there started asking about you!"
"And what did you say?"
"I told him that we were together!"
"And then what happened?"
"They said that I was one lucky girl! Britney, they were jealous of me! No one's ever been jealous of me before! This is one of the best days ever!"
"Well, I consider myself pretty lucky to have you too! I'd kiss you right now, but I don't want to smear the paint."
"I understand. There's plenty of time for smooching later..."
Once the judging was completed, the participants were free to leave. Those who wanted to walk around in public were reminded to stay within the town square. The square consisted of a large park surrounded my small businesses. Sam and Britney couldn't wait to get outside.
Stepping through the doors of the Community Center, the warm sunshine and cool breeze danced upon their naked bodies. The girls were filled with exhilaration! They were free of the restraints of clothing and social decency. And even though their nudity was acceptable in the current situation, they still felt like exhibitionists and wanted to be seen by the public. Britney was reminded of the time she and Katie walked naked through the mall on a mutual dare, but this time she need not fear being chased by security.
As they approached the town square, they were excited to see so many spectators ready to take photos of the participants. This gave Britney an idea.
"Hey! What do you say we give those people something to get excited about?"
"What do have in mind?"
"Follow me!"
Britney and Sam returned to the community center and found Carol packing up Ryan's art supplies.
"Hey Carol, can we have a couple of those cleansing wipes?"
"Why? They'll take your paint right off. It would be a shame to ruin such beautiful artwork!"
"We don't want to ruin the artwork, just enhance it a little."
Carol stopped what she was doing and studied Britney and Sam pensively. "What is it you're wanting to do exactly?"
"We kind of wanted to sexualize the artwork a little."
"How?"
"By removing the paint from our nipples and pussy."
"You could get into a lot of trouble for doing that! The only reason the city allows body paint in public is because we cover the entire body with paint."
"I can see covering up a cock with paint, but we're only talking about little bit of pink here and there. Come on, what do you say? Will you help us?"
"If Ryan found out, he'd kill me!"
"Who's to say we didn't remove the paint ourselves?"
"OK, I'll do it! But not a word to anyone!"
"We won't say anything. Promise!"
Carol brought the girls inside the stall and closed the curtain. "Ryan uses a special paint remover with a Q-tip to fix any mistakes he might make. It may sting a little, but it takes the paint right off without harming the paint around it." Carol started with Britney. "OK, let's uncover your nipples first!"
She dipped a Q-tip in the remover and carefully started rubbing off the paint. Britney's nipples hardened from the touch of the Q-tip and the cooling sensation of the remover. It didn't take long for Carol to uncover both nipples and the surrounding areola.
"OK, for your pussy, how much do you want uncovered?"
"Just the labia and clit."
Carol had Britney expose her pussy by lifting her foot up on a chair. She kneeled down and carefully considered the best approach to achieve Britney's request.
"Just removing the paint from your lips and clit won't look right. I could remove all the paint from your pubic area, and then use an air brush to blend the remaining paint into your skin. It would look quite natural!"
"You can do that?"
"Of course! I've learned a lot by watching Ryan work!"
"Sounds great! Let's do that!"
Carol removed all the paint from Britney's crotch. Her pale skin and pink pussy contrasted sharply against the surrounding orange and white paint. Carol then setup an air brush and began painting.
"I'll just blend the white underbelly fur that Ryan painted on your stomach down to your mound and the sides of your pussy. Then I'll fade the orange fur in and around it."
When Carol was done, it looked like the fur thinned naturally around Britney's pussy. The transition from orange to white to bare skin was practically unnoticeable. She did the same effect around Britney's nipples.
"Carol! You did an awesome job! It looks like Ryan could have painted me this way originally! I can't tell the difference between your work and his!"
"I told you, I learned a lot from watching him paint. I'm planning on registering as an artist in next year's competition."
"I'm certain that you'll give him some stiff competition."
"Thanks! Now, let's help your little fox friend get her genitals back too."
Carol performed the same touchup to Sam's body as she did to Britney's. Working around her piercings proved to be a little more challenging, but the end result was just as fabulous.
"There you go! The two of you definitely look a lot sexier than you did before!"
"Thank you so much Carol! You don't know how much this means to us!"
"Oh, I have a pretty good idea. Have fun flaunting yourselves!"
"Oh we will!"
Britney and Sam hurried back to the town square, ready to show off their risqué artwork. The changes that Carol made were so subtle, that at first glance you wouldn't notice them. This is what Britney had hoped for. She wanted folks to realize afterwards that they got a shot of her nipples and bare pussy! And even if someone did notice, they probably wouldn't say anything for fear of being called a pervert for looking too closely. So Britney and Sam basically had a free pass to flash everyone without fear of reprisal.
Everywhere they walked, people would take their picture, as they did for all the participants. But they noticed many of them, especially the men, coming back to take more. At their request, Britney and Sam posed in a landscaped area of the park. Britney climbed on top of a large rock, pretending to be ready to pounce on her prey. She positioned her legs in such a way that her pussy was on full display. Sam squatted like a dog next to a tree, also exposing her pussy and large clit. As expected, a lot of people wanted to take a photo of Britney. Some even requested to have their photo taken with her, which she happily agreed to.
But what was really surprising was the number of people who wanted photos of Sam. Apparently a lot of men had 'Lolita-Complexes' and found her erotically-cute prepubescent characteristics extremely attractive. Several of the men commented that she looked like a character from a Japanese hentai comic book. Sam loved the attention and even sat on some of the men's laps for a photo.
One older guy thought he could cop a feel and put his hand on the inside of Sam's thigh. It was a decision which he would immediately regret. Within seconds, Sam had him lying face-down on the ground, thanks to her Jujitsu skills. She moved so fast that nobody really saw what happened.
"Oh no! He fell down!" said Sam smiling.
Britney jumped off the rock and went over to Sam. "Are you OK? What happened?"
"Oh, I'm fine. He touched me, that's all."
The man on the ground started yelling obscenities at Sam.
"I think we should go, this perv is drawing a lot of unnecessary attention, and we don't need to get caught up in it!"
"I agree!"
The girls quickly left the area, and disappeared into a crowd of people watching an outdoor play with actors in body paint. They meandered through the crowd and found themselves on the opposite side of the park. Directly across the street from them was an ice cream shop.
"Ooo! I want some ice cream!" announced Sam. She grabbed Britney by the hand and headed toward the shop.
"Umm, Babe, how do you expect to pay for an ice cream? We don't have any money with us."
"Oh, maybe I forgot to tell you? Most of the businesses around the town square are offering their services and merchandise for free to all of the human canvasses today! See..."
Sam pointed to a sign in the window that read: Free Single Cone for All Body Paint Participants.
"No, you didn't tell me! Now I want to visit all the stores!"
"OK, but let's start with ice cream!"
Sam and Britney walked into the ice cream shop. The girl behind the counter greeted them with a smile.
"Hello! Welcome to Carver's!"
"Hi! My girlfriend and I would like a single cone, please."
"Sure! What flavors would you like?"
They looked over the selection. Sam chose black cherry and Britney chose rocky road. The girl scooped the ice cream into a cone and handed them over the counter.
"I really like your body paint!"
"Thanks!"
"Of all that I've seen today, yours are by far the best!"
"Well, our artists deserve all the credit, not us."
"They did an excellent job. I really like how they show off your nipples and pussy!"
Sam and Britney were surprised that the girl would so blatantly make such a comment. They stared back at her, not sure what to say.
"What? You didn't think anyone would notice? I did the moment you two walked in here. But that's the first thing I look at when I see a good looking girl!"
"Umm, thanks."
"Hey, if you two aren't busy tonight, you should come out to Desiree's. They have a really good DJ on the weekends." The girl wrote down some information on the back of a business card. "Here's the address and my cellphone number. I'm Tiffany by the way." She handed the card to Sam and winked at Britney.
"Thanks! I'm Sam and this is Britney."
"It's nice to meet you! Maybe I'll see you tonight?"
"Maybe... Thanks again for the ice cream!"
As Sam and Britney left the shop, Tiffany watched them lustfully. Sam happened to look back at her and Tiffany waved goodbye.
"You're not actually considering meeting her, are you?" asked Britney.
"Of course not! But I didn't want to tell her 'No', that would have been rude."
"Are you sure you don't want to go? I got the impression that she really liked you!"
"No she didn't... Did she?"
"She was staring at you the whole time. She couldn't take her eyes off you!"
"So... What do I care?"
"I don't know... She was kind of cute, don't you think?"
"No she wasn't! She was..." Sam looked over at Britney and saw her holding back a laugh. "Oh! You're such a joker!"
Britney burst out laughing! "Ha-Ha! I really had you going!"
"You think you're so funny, don't you?"
"Yes I do... But, seriously, I think she like you! Maybe I should go back there and punch her in the throat for hitting on my girlfriend?"
"I bet you hit like a girl!"
"But I am a girl!"
"And a damn fine one too!"
Sam and Britney held hands while eating their ice cream cones and continued walking down the sidewalk window shopping. They were having a wonderful day.
Chapter 50: Back Home
It was late afternoon when Sam and Britney had finished window shopping and visiting all of the businesses around the town square. The thrill of being naked in public had started to wear off, so they headed back to the community center to pick up their belongings and head home. The receptionist handed them their locker keys and directed them to the bathrooms where they could shower and change into their clothes. After retrieving their belongings, Sam and Britney decided against wearing their clothes. They wanted to surprise Gloria when they got home.
As they walked past the receptionist toward the parking lot, she tried to stop them. "Excuse me! You're not supposed to go that way without clothing!"
"It's OK, we don't mind!" said Britney.
"Ladies, I must insist you put on your clothes, or I'll have no choice but to call the authorities!"
"Seriously? You'll call the police on us?"
"It's all part of the city council's ruling. Indecency laws have only been suspended in this facility and the town square. If you're seen wearing only body paint anywhere else in the city, you'll be arrested and the council will revoke the Body Paint Association's charter to hold its competitions here."
"Well, we don't want that to happen. Come on Sam, let's go get dressed..."
Sam and Britney reluctantly walked back toward the bathroom to change. A few minutes later they returned wearing their clothes.
"Thank you ladies. We hope you enjoyed the event. Please come back next year."
Fortunately, the receptionist didn't notice Sam and Britney's tails hanging down below their skirts. Once they reached their car, they quickly took off their clothes and threw them in the back seat!
"That's much better, don't you think?" asked Britney.
"Yes it is! Now let's go home and surprise Mom and Dad!"
When they arrived home and got out the car, the neighbor across the street called over to Sam. "Samantha! Samantha is that you?"
"Yes it is Mrs. Bratcher."
"Well come over here! And bring your friend!"
"Come on, I'll introduce you to Mrs. B."
"Are you sure? Won't she mind that we're naked."
"She probably won't even notice..." Sam and Britney walked across the street.
"Samantha! It is you! I didn't recognize you in your costume. Is it Halloween already?"
"No Mrs. B, it's not Halloween."
"Then why are you and your friend wearing costumes?"
"It's body paint."
"Body paint? It looks like you're wearing animal suites. You even have tails!" The old lady chuckled.
"Do you like it?" Sam shook her ass and tail.
"Well, you look very cute, Samantha! But your friend, she looks ferocious!"
"Don't worry, she's actually very nice."
"Is that so?"
"Yes, this is my girlfriend, Britney."
"Hello Britney!"
"Hello. It's nice to meet you Mrs. Bratcher."
"You're very pretty for a tiger!"
"Well, thank you!" Britney was blushing underneath her paint.
"Samantha, you said she's your girlfriend?"
"That's right! Britney and I are a couple!" Sam and Britney held hands.
Mrs. Bratcher stared at them for a few seconds. "And why are you dressed up as animals?"
"We just came back from an art show."
"Oh, I thought it might be Halloween. You want me get you some candy?"
"No, that's OK. We're going to go eat dinner now. It was good to talk with you."
"It was good to talk with you too, Samantha. Bye-bye!"
"Bye Mrs. B!" Sam and Britney walked back across the street. "She's been like a grandmother to me. It's so sad to see her like that."
"She seemed really nice though."
"Yea, she's great! I used to spend a lot of time with her when I was little; baking cookies, making crafts, and helping her in her garden."
"My grandma was the same way. She taught me how to sew."
When they reached the driveway, Gloria came outside and greeted them. "Wow! Let me get a look at you two!"
Sam and Britney modeled for her.
"Your artists did an amazing job! Tell me you got some photos!"
"We did. They'll email them later."
Gloria was admiring their body paint and suddenly noticed the modifications the girls had made. "Hey! Since when did they stop painting genitals?"
"Oh, we had another artist change that for us!"
"You girls are so bad! Did anyone notice?"
"Just a couple of people..."
"Well, I can appreciate you two wanting to be sexually expressive, but you really should practice some modesty."
"Oh, come on Mom! You think it's hot, don't you?"
"Of course I do! And if I was your age, I'd probably do the same thing. Now get inside before too many of the neighbors see you..."
Once inside the house, Gloria and the girls talked about their day at Hampton Grove. This was also the first time that Gloria had seen Sam's shackles in person.
"Samantha, I didn't realize that your nipple piercings were permanent." Gloria tugged lightly on one of the nipple rings.
"They are! So is the one in my clit!"
"So you can't take these off?"
"Nope!"
"Well, they're a bit extreme, but as long as you and Britney are happy with them, so am I."
"Thanks Mom!"
"Speaking of piercings, I noticed you don't have any Britney. Why not?"
"I don't know. I guess I never had a chance to get them."
"Well, you have such lovely breasts! I think they would look really nice on you, don't you agree Samantha?"
"I think Britney is perfect just the way she is!" Sam hugged Britney and gave her a kiss.
About that time Paul came in from the garage. "I thought I heard talking, so how was the... Oh! Wow!" Paul stopped talking and stared at Sam and Britney.
"I certainly hope you're admiring their body paint and not their bodies, Paul! These are our daughters, remember?"
"Of course! The artwork is exquisite! And it's also very erotic, and something a daughter shouldn't flaunt in front of her father." Paul looked away. "You girls are very beautiful, but now might be a good time to wash off the paint and put on some clothes. Please..."
"Your father's right. Dinner will be ready in about an hour, so you have plenty of time to shower."
"OK Mom! And sorry Daddy. We didn't mean to embarrass you."
"That's OK Jelly Bean."
Sam and Britney went back to their room to clean up.
In their room, Sam and Britney removed each other's tail. Britney's came out quite easily, but Sam's required a little bit more effort. Sam winced in pain as Britney pulled the plug out of her anus.
"I'm so sorry Honey. Did that hurt?"
"A little, but I liked it. You know, I kind of enjoyed wearing a butt plug all day." said Sam.
"Oh?"
"Yea, I was thinking we could incorporate them to my discipline routine."
"You're quite the kinky girl, aren't you?"
Sam giggled. "If I was forced to wear one of those in public... Oh my God, that would be so exciting!"
"Maybe I'll consider it..."
The girls got into the shower together like before. They were surprised how easily the body paint washed off. They watch each other's animal persona melt away under the shower faucet. After drying off from their shower, they realized that they still had 20 minutes before it would be dinner time, so they licked each other to a quick orgasm! They then got dressed and went to help Gloria in the kitchen.
"Hey Mom! Anything we can do to help?"
"Sure! You girls can set the table if you like."
Sam and Britney grabbed the plates, glasses, and silverware from the cabinets.
"It's so nice to have my girls back. Both of you are too pretty to cover up with paint."
"And I have a strict rule about no animals at the table while we're eating!" added Paul.
"When we're role-playing, Britney sometimes treats me like her pet and has me eat out of a bowl on the floor!"
"Samantha! Don't you think that's something the two of you should keep private?"
"Well, everyone sees us when she takes me outside for a walk on my lease!"
"OK! TMI Sam! TMI!"
"Sorry Daddy!"
"So what do you girls have planned for tonight?"
"I don't know. We haven't given it much thought." said Sam.
"Well, that new Avengers movie just came out. It looks really good! That's something you two could do."
"Meh..."
"I was thinking maybe we could check out the club that Tiffany invited us to." suggested Britney.
"Who? Oh yea, the girl from the ice cream shop. You want to go to a club?"
"I think it might be fun. We've never been out dancing."
"I'm not much of a dancer."
"It's easy! I'll teach you. You mostly just rub your body against your partner's!"
"Well, when you put it that way, maybe it does sound like fun. OK, let's go!"
"But not before you eat dinner! I put a lot of love into this meatloaf!"
"No way I'm going anywhere without eating your meatloaf Mom. It's the best!"
"Thank you Samantha! And I know you're not just saying that to make me feel good."
It truly was the best meatloaf, and everyone thoroughly enjoyed dinner and each other's company. After cleaning up, Sam and Britney went back to their room to get ready. The girls slipped into some sexy outfits. Britney wore a short mini-dress and Sam wore a mini-skirt and sequin camisole, along with her collar and chains.
While standing at the mirror styling her hair, Britney suddenly felt nauseous. She rushed over to the toilet and started vomiting.
Sam rushed to her side. "Sweetie, are you OK?"
"I think so..."
"Are you sick? Do you have a fever?"
"I don't think so... All of a sudden I just needed to throw up, otherwise I feel fine."
Britney suddenly felt a rush of mental clarity, like a bright lightbulb turned on inside her head.
"Oh fuck! Not now! No, not now!"
"What?"
"It's my symbiont! It's awake!"
"Are you sure?"
"Yes, I'm sure! And it's hungry!"
"Oh shit! What do we do?" Sam was getting panicky.
"We need to get the hell out of this house, and fast! Before I end up seducing your dad!"
"Absolutely! But where should we go?"
"The club would be my first choice. There should be a lot of cock there for me to feed on!"
Sam and Britney hurried out the front door.
"You girls be safe! And have fun!" Gloria yelled after them.
"Thanks Mom! We will..." The girls hopped into their car and sped away.
Chapter 51: The Night Club
The night club was about 30 minutes away, and 10 minutes into their journey Britney was already getting antsy.
"How are you doing?"
"I'm hungry Sam! I'm so fucking hungry!"
"I know, Baby."
"Do you Sam? Do you really? Do you know what it feels like to hunger for cum? To be a slave to cock juice?"
"No, not really..."
Britney raised her voice, "Of course you don't! You're normal! You don't have a fucking cum-loving alien living inside you!"
Sam knew Britney wasn't herself and tried not to let her words hurt her. "Try to hold on Sweetie! I'll get us there as soon I can!"
"You better! I don't know how much longer I can remain in control!"
Sam felt it best to not engage Britney in any further conversation, since anything she said was met with anger or sarcasm. She turned on the radio to help pass the time. She tuned into an easy listening station hoping that it might calm Britney a little. It seemed to work, if only for a short time.
Britney was suddenly roused. "Why is so fucking hot in here?!"
"Here, maybe this will help?" Sam turned on the air conditioning.
Britney reached forward and aimed all the dash vents toward herself. She sat back and seemed to relax a little. "That's better! How much longer?"
"About 10 more minutes."
"Well hurry up!" Britney started squirming and writhing in her seat. She was acting like a drug addict in need of a fix. "Arg! Damn it! I need cum now!"
"Where almost there, Honey! Hold on!"
Britney started hyperventilating. "It's taking over Sam! The symbiont! It's taking..." Her body suddenly went limp in the seat.
Sam reached over and shook Britney's shoulder. "Are you OK? Talk to me!" There was no response. "Oh, shit! Oh, shit! Oh, shit!"
Sam swerved into the Club's parking lot and stopped the car near the entrance. She got out, rushed over to the other side of the car, and opened the door. Britney was semi-conscious. Sam unhooked her seatbelt and tried to get her out of the car.
"Can you stand up, Sweetie? I can't carry you by myself!" About that time, two guys were walking by. "Excuse me. Could you help my girlfriend?"
"Sure, what's the matter?"
"She passed out. She's hypoglycemic..."
As the guys approached the car, the symbiont sensed their presence and immediately connected with them telepathically. The first guy walked up to the side of the car and unzipped his pants, presenting his cock to Britney. She reached up and touched it, causing it to instantly become erect. She brought the tip to her mouth and within moments it began ejaculating! Thick cum filled her mouth which she eagerly swallowed. Once the first guy was completely drained of semen, he zipped up his pants, stepped away from the car, and the second guy took his place. Britney completely drained him as well. The two guys then walked away as if nothing had happened. Britney sat in the car seat licking her lips and savoring the taste of the cum. Within a few minutes, she regained full consciousness.
"What's going on? Where are we?"
"We're at the club. You just swallowed two loads of cum."
"I did? How?"
"Two guys just walked up to you and ejaculated in your mouth!"
"That's strange."
"It was. There was no sucking or stroking. You just touched their cocks and they started spurting."
"That's definitely the symbiont's doing."
"How are you feeling?"
"A little better, but I'm still starving!"
"You think you can walk?"
"I think so."
"Good, let's get you inside so you can feed."
The club was really hopping: loud music, strobe lights, and packed with people! A perfect place for Britney to satisfy her symbiont's needs. She and Sam sat down at a table near the restrooms.
"Why are we sitting here?" asked Sam.
"Every guy in the club is going to pass by here at least once. I figure it will be easy to lure them in."
"True, but how will you get them to ejaculate fast enough?"
"The symbiont taught me."
"Really?"
"Well, I won't know for sure until I try, but I think what to do."
The girls waited until a guy approached the restrooms. "OK, do him!"
"Not yet! Wait until he comes out of the restroom. In case I do it wrong, I don't want a mouth full of piss!"
"Good point!"
They waited until he came back out. "Hey there! What's your name?" asked Britney seductively.
"Steve."
"Well, Steve, why don't you come over here and show me your dick?"
Britney had already established a telepathic link with him. Steve walked up to her, unzipped his pants, and pulled out his cock.
"Now then, this should be fairly easy, I hope..."
His cock got hard the moment she touched it, but before she could put it in her mouth, it erupted like a garden hose! She ended up with cum all over her face and clothes! Luckily she was able to swallow most of it. When she was finished, she had Steve put his cock back in his pants and walk away. Sam burst out laughing!
"What's so funny?"
"You should have seen the look on your face when his cock sprayed cum all over you!"
"Give me a break! It was my first time!"
"Says the girl with cum hanging from her chin!"
Britney grabbed a napkin and wiped it off. "And I suppose you have a better idea?"
"In fact I do!"
"And what would that be?"
"Have the guys ejaculate into a glass or mug."
Britney was about to talk back when she realized Sam's idea was brilliant. "You are so smart! No wonder I love you!"
"I hope you love me for more than just my brains!"
"Oh, you know I do! How about you go get a glass while I go clean up in the restroom?"
When Britney returned a few minutes later, Sam had a couple of drink glasses at the table.
"Where did you get these?"
"From the bartender. I told him we were designated drivers, so they were free. This one is soda and the other had water in it."
"Good job! Now let's wait for our next volunteer..."
It wasn't long before another guy walked by. Britney called him over and had him pull out his cock. Only this time she aimed the cock into the glass. After he finished ejaculating, Britney had him walk away.
"Wow! I didn't think a guy could cum so much at one time!" said Sam as she marveled at the amount of semen in the glass.
"Normally they don't, but I'm draining their entire prostate at one time."
"So this is how much he could cum in one night?"
"If he's lucky!" Britney swallowed all the cum at once. "Oh, this tastes so good!"
"Well, I'm glad you like it. You're definitely looking better."
"I'm feeling better too! But I'm still so hungry. I need more!"
Britney lured in five more guys at one time and had them fill her glass.
"Oh wow! Would you look at all this beautiful cum!" Britney was swirling it around in the glass.
"Yea, you've nearly got an entire glass full..." Sam was getting annoyed with her enthusiasm over semen. She knew it wasn't her fault, but she hated to see her get so excited over something she couldn't give her.
Britney gulped it down like a frat boy would a beer. "Oh yea! That's so good!"
She had her glass refilled with cum five more times. She only drank half of the last glass.
"I think I'm full."
"I'd hope so! You drank nearly a half-gallon already!"
"A half-gallon? No way!"
"That's a 12-ounce glass, and you've filled it 6 times. That's 72 ounces!"
Britney thought about how much cum she had drank. "Damn! I'm quite the cum guzzler, huh?"
"I'm not so sure that's something I would brag about."
"Well, when it's the only thing I'm allowed to consume, I might as well make the most of it! You know, once you get past the salty bitter taste, it's not that bad."
"It must be an acquired taste... So how did you know how to make them ejaculate like that? You've never done that before."
"I'm not sure. When the symbiont milked the guys outside, I was somehow coherent to what it was doing. It's almost like I understand its thoughts more than I did before."
"I wonder if Duane's influence on the symbiont last week has anything to do with this?"
"Maybe. The symbiont seems more docile and cooperative. Either it's weak and doesn't have the strength to resist, or it's afraid and trying to appease me."
"Well, whatever the reason, this is good news! I now strongly believe that the symbiont's behavior can be..." Sam was suddenly interrupted.
"Sam? Britney? Oh my God! I almost didn't recognize you two without the body paint! I'm so glad you girls decided to come out tonight!"
It was Tiffany from the ice cream shop. She sat down at the table next to Sam.
"Hi Tiffany! We meant to call you, but we lost your number."
"Oh, that's OK! What matters is that you're both here now!" Tiffany looked at the glass of semen on the table. "So what are you drinking?"
"It's, umm, something the bartender made. I told him to surprise me."
"Mind if I try it?" Tiffany reached for the glass, but before she did, the DJ started playing a new song. "Oh my God! I love this song! Come on, dance with me!" Tiffany grabbed Sam and Britney by the hand and led them out to the dance floor.
Even though it was Sam's first time out dancing, it didn't take her long to get into the groove of things. Britney was right, it was mostly about just moving to the music and rubbing your bodies together. The girls danced for nearly an hour straight and sat back down at their table to take a break. Britney quickly finished drinking the rest of the cum in her glass.
"Woo! I didn't know dancing could be so much fun!" exclaimed Sam.
"There are a lot of other things girls can do together that are fun too!" said Tiffany.
"Oh yea? What do you have in mind?" asked Britney.
"If you two were to come with me to my apartment, I could show you!"
"What do you say Sam? Want to go have some fun with Tiffany?"
Sam did not look amused. "Can you excuse us for a moment Tiffany, I'd need to talk to Britney privately."
"Sure! No problem. I'll wait over by the door." Sam waited for Tiffany to leave. "I can't believe you! You want to go back to her apartment to fuck her?!"
"Hold on a minute Sam! No one said anything about fucking anybody!"
"It's what you're thinking, isn't it?"
"No. That's not what I'm thinking! But you are!"
"Huh? What are you talking about?"
"You find Tiffany attractive, don't you?"
"I do not!"
"Sam, I know you do. She's all you've been thinking about for the past hour."
Sam paused for a few seconds. "Oh my God! You can read minds again!"
"Yes, ever since my symbiont re-awoke."
Sam started choking on her words.
"Relax Sam! You don't need to explain or apologize. I know that you love me. I also know that you want to experience a one-nighter with Tiffany!"
"You're not angry or disappointed with me?"
"Of course not. You have to endure my sexual encounters with men, so it's only fair that you can have your own as well."
"But you have to because of your symbiont!"
"True, but that doesn't change the way you feel. And you feel like you're being left out."
"So now I'm being selfish?"
"No! You're being human!"
"So you really don't mind if I sleep with Tiffany?"
"I don't. In fact, I want you to!"
"You do?"
"Yes! The more experiences you have, the richer your life will be. Who knows, you might even learn something new from Tiffany that will in turn improve our relationship."
"But what if I find out that she's a better lover than you?"
"Then I'll need to step up my game, huh?"
"So this is really going to happen? I'm going to have a one night stand with a stranger?"
"If that's how the evening unfolds, then yes you will."
"What do you mean 'if'?"
"Well, that all depends on what Tiffany wants."
"She wants this too, right?"
"If I were to tell you, it would ruin all the fun."
"No! You got to tell me!"
"Sorry, I won't!"
Sam made a pouty face and crossed her arms. "No fair!"
"Well, do you want to decline Tiffany's invitation?"
"No..."
"Then I suggest we not keep her waiting!"
Sam and Britney walked over to Tiffany. "So, what did you two decide?"
"Britney and I have decided to accept your offer!"
Tiffany squealed with delight! "Fantastic! Why don't want to follow me in your car... Here's my address just in case you get lost." Tiffany giggled. "We are going to have so much fun!"