Author's note: Once again I want to thank my fans. I now have over 6600 followers making me the 21st most followed author on Literotica and closing fast on the top 20. Thank you so much. It is you who make me want to keep writing. The link is in my profile.
Over quarantine I had some fun. I went back and reread all the comments on all my stories. I suggest when you read my stories you also read the comments, they are very entertaining.
As I reviewed the comments I looked up the profiles of the posters to get to know my fans. I noticed quite a few were authors. As a fan you know where my interests lie and I have followed many of you who write in those genres so I can go back and check out your stuff. I'm looking forward to it. I also reached out to some of you who piqued my curiosity for other reasons.
Please keep ranking, following, and commenting on my stories. I appreciate all of you. Feel free to send me feedback. I respond to everyone with a valid email address.
Please check out my profile for basic questions about me and to check out my other stories..
FYI, for those of you who've asked, I can't change the picture. The new version of Literotica does not have that functionality.
**********************************************
All my stories with the word 'tale' in them are fantasies requested by a fan. I assume if they have the fantasy others do as well.
***********************************************
I put on my wedding dress and looked in the mirror. I could hear my mom in my head.
"Are you sure you don't want to wear a slip with that?" My mother would ask.
I thought about it. I always wore revealing clothes. Why should my wedding day be any different? Besides Wesley, my fiancé liked me showing off.
The gown was a traditional white, floor length strapless bustier style. At 5'2" 125lbs I had the figure to show it off. The cups of the bustier were white lace with no padding. I didn't need padding. My 34DD breasts filled out the dress and the underwire of the bustier held them up firmly in the cups. The white lace swirled around my nipples. If I stood still and you really looked you could make out my nipples through the fabric.
The rest of the bustier top was sheer. You could clearly see my navel through the material.
Low on my waist the gown turned to chiffon layers down to my ankles. If you looked, or if the light was behind me, you could also see I was wearing stockings and garters.
"How do I look?" I asked Wesley
"You definitely look sexy," he responded. "Are you ready?"
Just then there was a knock on the door.
Wesley and I had met on Tinder. I was 20, he was 24. I didn't expect much, maybe a hook up, but we really hit it off. In a very short time we were dating exclusively. He was 6'5" and handsome and had a great sense of humor. We had been together for four years.
Dating was fun. We were really compatible. One thing that was different for me was that Wesley loved the way I looked and took pictures of me all the time. Me? I was very shy at first. Believe it or not, I'm still a little shy. Wesley was always complimenting me and encouraging me to dress sexier. It took me a year before I really started to feel comfortable dressing sexier. I wanted to please Wesley, plus, I was beginning to like it. I was still shy about it, but I started to feel more confident. I started to like posing and enjoying the looks of admiration I got when I wore a short sundress or flouncy skirt.
Sometime along the way I met a woman at work who told me about a job as a bikini model for Harley Davidson. She said my pouty lips and shoulder blade length pink hair would fit in perfectly I wasn't hot on the idea but Wesley really encouraged me, plus the money was good. I took the job and appeared at a few motorcycle shows. I wore a very small white bikini. I was really shy at first but after awhile I enjoyed it. There was something wild about being in a bikini in front of all these clothed people. I could see the looks of lust in the eyes of my admirers Plus everyone was really nice to me. Even the women. I ended up appearing in a few biker magazines. It was good money.
Wesley and I were doing real well. I'd never had a better relationship. He made me feel pretty and confident. Wesley still loved pictures of me. Especially in lingerie. He liked peeks of my lingerie under my clothes. We worked really hard and didn't see each other a lot, for fun I would take pics of me in lingerie and send them to Wesley at work.
We moved in together. I knew he was the one.
At some point it started to change. Not in a bad way, just as we spent time together things changed. We added sexual fantasies to our sex play. I told him I liked it when a man dominated me, held me down, spanked my ass.
Wesley tried to dominate me, but it wasn't really his thing. He just wasn't the type. He treated me with love and respect, but every once in a while I yearned to be a little wilder and let someone else be in control.
Then, and I guess this is where it started. He told me he'd like to see me with another man. I really didn't understand that fantasy. How could he want another man to fuck me? I was his. Did he want to be with other women?
"Why would you want to see me with another man?" I asked.
"Because you're so beautiful," he replied. "It's like showing someone how lucky I am. It's like having my personal porn star who I am madly in love with."
"I couldn't stand seeing you with another woman," I told him.
"I love only you. I have no need or desire to be with anyone else," he insisted.
That kind of sat with me. When he'd bring it up during sex, I didn't react to it. I admit the idea kind of excited me but I wasn't sure so I tried to play down my reaction even though that kind of sex talk always made me cum.
One day after taking some lingerie pictures Wesley said "I bet Jon would love these pictures."
Jon was a friend of ours who was in Afghanistan. Wesley's best friend.
"Oh?" Was all I said. I wondered where he was going with that. .
"Yeah, he's all alone in the desert. Let's send him some to cheer him up," Wesley said.
"Really? I asked. Part of me thought, why are we doing this?, Part of me was excited by the idea. I'd always thought Jon was attractive but did that justify sending him lingerie pictures?
"Oh come on," said Wesley. "He's seen you in that white bikini. You're more covered than that in these pictures."
It was true. In the magazine I was wearing a bikini that was practically a thong. Here I was in a baby doll and matching thong. It was pretty close.
"Ok," I agreed. "Let me pick out the ones though."
"You bet," he said.
I looked at the pics. They were all pretty sexy poses. Tastefull. I mean no legs spread or obscene pics. No nipples. The most revealing was a picture from behind, me looking over my shoulder and my thong showing my ass. Not bad. I picked out four, including the ass pic and said, "these."
As Wesley sent them I felt a little flutter in my stomach and a bit of a reaction lower. I admit I was kind of turned on. Wesley emailed them with the subject, 'to get you thru the hot nights.'
I waited for a response. Given the time difference I didn't get one till the next day.
'Wow, I forgot how beautiful she was,' came the response.
I admit, I got kind of a warm feeling out of that. In fact, I practically jumped Wesley.
"Let's fuck," I said as I pulled my clothes off.
Never one to deny me Wesley started to undress.
Do you really like showing off my pictures," I teased as his cock entered me. I was already wet. He slid right in.
"Yes," he hissed.
As he started to pump my pussy I went on.
"Do you think Jon jacked off to them?" I asked.
"I hope so," Wesley replied as he continued to fuck me.
"I hope so too," I said as I wrapped my legs around Wesley and thrust my hips towards his driving cock. In my mind I pictured Jon. Jon was a good looking guy. I wondered what his cock looked like. I imagined him with his hand wrapped around his cock, stroking himself as he looked at my pictures.
"Mmmmmm," I moaned as Wesley continued to fuck me.
"I wonder what he thought about while looking at them?" I mused.
"Probably getting his dick in your pussy," Wesley replied.
"Mmmmmmm, I bet you'd like that," I teased.
"I would," he responded. He picked up the pace a bit. Thrusting into me harder than before.
"What are you thinking about?" I asked breathily as he thrust into me.
"How beautiful you are," he answered.
"That all?" I started to push him away. "Tell me the truth," I insisted.
"Ok ok," he laughed as I let him continue fucking me. "I was thinking how hot it would be to watch Jon fuck you." He admitted.
"Oh," I said coyly. "You'd like to watch me spread my legs for your best friend?" I teased. "See his cock thrust into me and buried in my pussy?"
"Yes," he moaned.
"Would you watch or join in?" I asked.
He started thrusting his cock in me more rapidly. I could feel my orgasm building. I imagined being fucked by Jon, Wesley watching me, stroking his cock.
"What would you do?" I whispered in his ear.
"I'd watch!" He practically bellowed as he started to cum. He pulled out as he did. We don't use condoms and I'm not on the pill or anything so he pulled out. He got cum all over my pussy and belly. He collapsed on top of me. I could feel the hot cum sticky between our bodies.
I hadn't cum, but I loved the way he lost control.
"Eat me," I commanded.
Wesley dropped his face between my legs and started sucking on my cum covered clit. I moaned.
I wasn't done with the fantasy. "Can you imagine me covered in Jon's cum. I wonder if he'd give me a big load." I teased
Wesley tongue penetrated my pussy lips as he continued to suck on them.
"Mmmmmm," Wesley let out a muffled moan.
"Fuck yes," I cried as his tongue worked its magic.
"Would you do it?" He stopped to ask and then went right back to eating me.
I was so wrapped in the fantasy I started to cum. "Fuck yes," I practically screamed. "I'd spread my legs for him so you can watch him pound my pussy," I gasped as the orgasm washed over me.
Wesley rolled to the side of me. We lay there catching our breath.
"Would you really fuck someone so I can watch?" He asked.
"Oh, I don't know. It's a fun fantasy. I like it and it turns me on, but we'd have to be married and feeling very secure in our relationship if we were to try something like that," I explained.
We both fell asleep.
After that we often incorporated the idea of me fucking other men into our bedroom play. It turned us both on. Sometimes it was Jon. Sometimes a stranger. Sometimes it was more than one man. The idea always turned me on. I almost always came with that fantasy.
After sex we'd discuss it and I'd again tell him that this was fantasy and I could never do anything like it unless we were married.
Slowly being married became part of the fantasy.
"So you'd like to take a strangers cock into your married pussy," he'd tease or I'd like to see your pretty little married mouth wrapped around some big cock."
For some reason the married part added both excitement and butterflies to my stomach. I loved it and would have crashing orgasms when we fucked that way.
It became even more intense. Wesley proposed and we set a date. Now it became even more real.
We planned a destination wedding in Hawaii.
One week Jon was coming home from Afghanistan. Wesley invited him to spend the week with us. I wondered how I'd feel knowing Jon had seen my pics. I pictured Jon sitting in a tent, cock in hand, and jacking off to my pictures. The week before he was to visit I felt myself flush and warm almost every day. Wesley and I had conflicting schedules. I found myself horny with no Wesley a lot.
The one night I did get him to myself. He was in the living room. I went into the bedroom and slipped into a green baby doll. I left off the panties. The baby doll came half way down my ass. My pussy was on display. You could make out my pink nipples under the material. I walked out and leaned against the door.
"Hey," I said
He looked at me. It took a moment for his mind to click in. When it did he smiled.
"Hey," he replied.
I decided to be a bit coy. I walked towards him.
"What ya doin'?" I asked.
"Looking at a beautiful woman," he replied.
He reached for his phone.
"What's that for?" I asked.
"You look so beautiful I need to take some pictures," he said.
I struck a pose. "Like this?" I asked in a pouty voice? I heard the phone camera click. I struck another pose. "Or like this?"
He continued to click as I posed for him.
"God you're beautiful," he said.
"Beautiful?" I teased. "Not sexy?"
"You are beautiful and sexy," he replied.
I moved closer to him. I took the phone from his hands, put it down, and put my arms around his neck. I kissed him.
"Mmmmmm,". I purred.
I felt his hands go down to my ass. He pulled me close. I could feel his cock hardening in his pants. I reached down to stroke it through the material.
"For me," I said coyly.
"Fuck yes," he said.
"Fuck me," I replied.
He didn't need more coaxing. I undid his pants and pulled out his now hard cock.
"Mmmmmm," I purred as I kissed him and stroked his cock with one hand.
While his hands explored my ass I slowly got on my knees. I looked at his cock. I loved the feeling of the soft skin around the rock hard shaft. I took his cock in my mouth. He moaned.
I'm not a deep throat queen, but I think I give a pretty good blow job.
"You look so sexy," he said.
"Ya think," I said breathlessly.
"Oh yeah," he replied. "I love the way you look with a cock in your mouth."
Oh?" I mused. "Your cock? Or any cock.
"Any," he moaned
"Yeah," I continued. "You'd like to see me on my knees with a cock in my mouth? Knowing I was being a slut and sucking off another guy?"
"Yes," he hissed.
I briefly wondered what Jon's cock would taste like. How would Jon react if I got down on my knees in front of him.
I got up and kissed Wesley again. "Fuck me," I said.
"Show me that ass," he growled.
He turned me around and pushed me down to my knees. I bent over on all fours.
"Like this?" I asked in an innocent voice.
He knelt behind me and slapped my ass. I liked the way it felt.
"Get your ass up," he said.
I put my chest to the ground and pushed my ass in the air.
"Like this?" I asked again.
He stuck a finger in my pussy. I was wet and it slid right in. He took his cock and rubbed the head against my pussy spreading my juices all over the head of his cock and my pussy lips. Then with one thrust he pushed into me. I took his whole cock with one thrust.
"Mmmmmmfffff," I grunted. "Oh yes," I moaned.
He started to thrust into me. Pounding at my pussy.
"That's it. Fuck your pussy," i practically shouted. "Fuck me hard."
A picture of Jon's cock in my mouth again slipped into my mind. I decided to run with it.
"I bet you'd like it if I were sucking a cock right now," I moaned.
I knew he would. After all we'd role played this before.
"Fuck yes," he said.
"You'd like me to be that slutty? Sucking a cock while you fuck me? Or would you rather watch as I take two cocks?" I went on.
Fuck yes," he repeated and continued to pound my pussy.
Then I upped it. "Do you think Jon would like my mouth around his cock?" I mused.
"Mmmmm. He moaned.
As I said it I felt the warmth spread to my pussy.
"Fuck, I going to cum," I moaned.
"That's it baby, cum for me. Cum all aver my cock," he replied.
I felt the orgasm radiate from between my legs and take over my whole body. I shuddered and fell on my belly. As I did Wesley's cock slid out of me.
"Fuck, oh god, fuck, fuck, fuck," I hissed.
My orgasm had set Wesley off, he slipped out and I felt his hot cum on my ass and back. He collapsed on top of me and I lay there slowly feeling his cock soften against me.
"You'd really like that." I asked quietly.
"I think you'd be sexy as hell," he replied.
The week went by and I found myself anticipating Jon's visit. What would Wesely do if I really was to fuck Jon. I wondered what Jon's cock was like. I wondered what he'd feel like as a lover. The week kept me in heat.
Jon finally arrived. It was a normal visit. Nothing unusual except in my mind. Then one night Wesley and Jon were playing video games. I was hanging out with them on my phone. Jon looked over.
"You got those pictures on that phone?" he asked.
It took me a minute to remember which pictures he was talking about.
"I think so," I said.
"Well, they made my day when I got them," he replied.
Wesley chimed in, "they were hot, weren't they?"
"Very," replied Jon.
Then Wesley shocked me, "why don't you go put that baby doll on."
"What?" I blinked.
"Go put it on. It's not like Jon hasn't already seen it," he continued.
"Ummmm," I hesitated.
"Go ahead, Jon would love to see the real thing," he pushed a bit. "Right Jon?"
"Well yeah," said Jon. "But only if she's ok with it."
"She's good," Wesley responded. "Aren't you?" He asked me.
Truth was, I wanted to go change. The idea of being seen in my baby doll was making me wet.
"Ok," I said, trying to sound reluctant.
I got up to go change. I could feel my pussy getting wet. I liked the feeling. I stripped off my clothes and pulled on the baby doll. I looked in the mirror. In person you could see through the material. You could make out my nipples through the top and the tiny puff of well groomed pussy hair was clearly visible through the panties. I felt a warm flush through my body.
Could I do this? What might happen if I did? I reminded myself what I told Wesley. "Not till we're married." I kept that in mind as I walked out of the bedroom..
"Wow," exclaimed Jon. "You're perfect in person."
That made me feel a bit less self conscious.
"You think so," I responded.
"Definitely," he replied.
"Turn for us," said Wesley. "Show us the rest."
I kind of liked being ordered around. I did a slow turn holding the hem of my baby doll and showing off my panties and a bit of belly.
"Like this?" I asked coyly.
"Yes," they both said in unison.
"Well, now you've seen me. Anything else I can do foir you guys?" I teased.
"You could take off the bottoms," Wesley said, testing the waters.
"Oh come on," I said. "You know if I took off these panties you'd both want to fuck me."
Jon's mouth dropped open.
"And you know the rules Wesley," I went on. "I'm not fucking anyone else till we're married." The reality was I wanted to strip off the baby doll and let them both fuck me silly.
Jon looked from me to Wesley.
Wesley shrugged his shoulders. "Oh well, I tried buddy," he said to Jon.
Jon was silent.
"How about instead I get you a few drinks and I'll hang out here while you finish your video games," I offered.
"Ok," they both kind of grumbled.
I laughed and went to bring them drinks.
I watched them play games for about an hour. I played on my phone and kept shifting positions in my chair giving them something to look at. I wondered if they could tell my pussy was soaked through the thin material of the baby doll's thong.
I noticed that for the hour Jon and Wesley kept getting their butts kicked in the game. It was an online multiplayer game and It seems they were paying more attention to me than to the game. I liked that.
Finally Wesley announced it was bedtime. As soon as he got me in the bedroom he started kissing me and grabbing my ass. I was just as turned on and started undressing him as fast as I could.
Before I knew it I was on my back with Wesley furiously fucking my pussy.
"Oh fuck," I moaned wondering if Jon could hear us. I wondered if he was jacking off listening to us. I hoped he was.
"Did you like that?" asked Wesley.
"Yes," I hissed.
"You liked parading your body in front of my friend?" he continued.
"Yes," I moaned again. I remembered how it felt having Jon's eyes on me devouring my body.
I rolled Wesley over and started riding his cock.
"And you? Did you like showing me off? Knowing your friend wanted to fuck me? That he wanted to stick his hard cock in your girlfriends pussy." I teased.
"Fuck yes," he responded.
"I bet he's jacking off right now," I mused. "He has his hard cock in his hand thinking about your girlfriend's body and picturing what we're doing in here."
"Fuck, fuck me," I exclaimed loud enough so I was sure Jon heard.
Wesley groaned.
"That's it, give me that cock. Shove it in me," I continued. I wondered what Jon was thinking. "My pussy is yours. Fuck my pussy."
I felt my orgasm rise. "Oh fuck, I'm coming," I exclaimed, again loud enough for Jon to hear.
"Oh fuck," Wesley exclaimed. I could tell that look. I rolled off of him and started jacking his cock with my hand. He came all over his belly and my hand.
We lay there for a moment and then I got up to get a warm washcloth to clean us up.
"That was hot," he said.
"Yes it was," I replied.
"Would you do it?" He asked.
I thought . "I don't think I could do it with someone I'd see all the time. Plus, we'd have to be married." I reminded him.
We fell asleep in each other's arms. The next morning I woke before Wesley. I briefly thought about what to wear. 'What the hell' I thought and pulled on a pair of panties and a t shirt. The t-shirt did not come below my navel. I went out to make some coffee.
Jon saw me. "Good morning," he said as if nothing unusual was happening.
I made coffee and we chatted till Wesley got up. When Wesley came out of the bedroom he took on the scene. Me, barely dressed, having coffee with his best friend.
We all settled into a routine for the week. I would show off at night and in the morning. Wesley would fuck me like crazy at night. I loved it.
After a week Jon left and life returned to normal. We started making wedding plans. As I said we were planning on having the wedding in Hawaii it would be a small wedding. About 30 people. Half family, half friends.
As we put together the list I saw two names I did not know on Wesley's list. Dave and Dani. They weren't family and they weren't friends I knew.
"Who are Dave and Dani?" I asked.
"Oh," said Wesley. "Dave is an online gaming friend. Dani is his wife."
"Oh? And you want them at our wedding?" I was truly confused. I'd never heard of these people.
"If it's ok with you," he replied.
"Of course it's ok. I'm just surprised that I've never heard of them before," I mused.
"Well, we were against each other on a game once and hit it off. Since then we often team up. He's pretty cool," he told me. "Now he's usually playing if I am."
Oh, cool," I said not knowing what else to add. Then I threw in, "where's he live?"
"California," he answered.
Not knowing what else to ask I let it drop. I still thought it was a little off, but what did I care? It was only two guests and if they wanted to come to Hawaii it was fine with me.
One day Wesley's friend Ken came over to play games. Wesley wasn't home yet. We made some small talk. Then it occurred to me.
"Is Dave playing?" I asked.
"Who?" He looked confused.
"Dave," I responded. "Wesley says he often teams up with a guy named Dave."
"Hmmm," said Ken. "News to me." Then he went back to his game while waiting for Wesley. Obviously not giving it a second thought.
I was puzzled but dropped it. I mean, if it had been a girl I would be worried. And the fact he wanted them at the wedding meant he really wasn't hiding anything from me. So I kind of let the matter drop. That is until we were sitting and Wesley got a text.
"Who's that?" I asked.
"Oh, it's Dave," he responded.
That was a first. Now he was texting?
"Oh, he texts you now?" I asked
"Yeah, usually when I'm working night shift and so are you. He's in a different time zone,so we chat," he said.
"About what?" I was really curious.
"Just stuff. Nothing special. He's older so sometimes he looks at things differently and has some good advice." He went on.
"Advice? Like about what?" I asked.
"I don't know, just stuff," he said.
I decided to change tactics.
"What does he do?" I asked.
"Oh, he's on disability, from a motorcycle accident." Well at least he's forthcoming I thought.
That made me think. "Wait, how old is he?" I asked.
"I think he's in his 50s," he said.
That was interesting. I'd run out of stuff to ask.
One day Wesley was texting.
"Can I send Dave a picture of you?" He asked.
"Why?" I responded.
"I've been telling him how hot you are and he wants to see," he said.
"Well, what does he look like," I challenged.
"Hold on, I'll ask for a picture," he said
I waited a moment. Then he showed me his phone. It was a picture of a middle aged man and a very pretty wife. The man was tall, had a shaved head, and was in reasonable shape. The woman had long dark hair and a brilliant smile. They looked perfectly normal.
"Ok," I said. "What pic do you want to send?"
"A good one,"
I didn't know the guy, but the idea that he'd see me and then be at my wedding was kind of a turn on.
"How do you know he won't post them to the internet?" I asked.
"He said he'd send a few pictures of Dani," he responded.
Now I was curious. "Ok," I said. "Let's see them."
It didn't take long, there were 4 pics. Dani was petite. Obviously latinex influence with a huge smile. These were taken on a staircase. She had long black hair down the center of her back, she was wearing a short red pleated skirt. The pictures were taken from the bottom of the staircase from behind her. She was looking over her shoulder smiling at the camera. A beautifully shaped ass was clearly visible.
In another she was in the same pose, but with her panties pulled down around her calves. You could only see her ass, but what was left to the imagination was fun.
Wesley returned some photos of me in a baby doll. (Obviously my favorite and ones I thought were safe.)
The immediate response was how beautiful I was. I was flattered and intrigued. I still wondered who this mysterious couple was who was invited to my wedding and willing to fly to Hawaii for it.
After that I know Wesley and Dave exchanged pics on a regular basis. One day in bed during sex instead of Jon or some other character Wesley brought up Dave.
"I bet Dave would want to fuck you," he commented.
"And you want to fuck Dani?" I responded.
"No, she's beautiful but I only want to fuck you," he assured me.
Not really convinced, but willing to let it go I tried to picture Dave fucking me. He was older. I wondered if he'd take control. Wesley was a great lover but I always wanted someone who'd take control and make me do things.
I pictured him pinning my wrists down as he pumped his cock into me. I wondered what his cock looked like. I pondered what it would be like being with an older man. The fantasy started to make me hot.
Wesley, not knowing what I was thinking, still managed to fuel the flames.
"Imagine your sexy mouth wrapped around his cock," he coaxed.
I pictured me on my knees, looking into Wesley's eyes as I sucked this man's cock.
"Where would Dani be?" I all of a sudden remembered her.
"Maybe sucking on your tits?" He suggested.
I surprised myself and realized I liked that idea and moaned.
That encouraged Wesley. He started a fantasy about me, at my wedding, sucking Dave's cock in front of everyone. Fuck that idea was hot. Family and friends knowing what a slut I could be.
This whole time Wesley was fucking me. With the thoughts of sucking cock in front of people I came. I let out a "fuck yes," as I came.
As I started to cum Wesley pulled out and came on my belly. I felt the hot cum drying into my stomach as he lay next to me catching his breath.
From then on the idea of Dave fucking me became part of our bedroom talk. I knew Dave and Wesley exchanged pics. I liked the idea and would pose for pics specifically for Dave.
As the wedding week came closer I found myself thinking about Dave and Dani more often. I asked more and more questions.
One day, I again asked how they met, Wesley sighed.
"I kinda lied," he confessed.
"Lied?" I asked. I was genuinely shocked.
"Yea, I didn't meet him gaming," he said.
"Oh?" I was really curious. Not sure if I should be mad or not.
"You know that web site I read stories on?" He said.
I knew the site. I was fine with it. We both liked porn. I liked visual stuff, movies. He liked written stories.
"Yeah?' I said questioning.
"Well, Dani is an author who wrote some of my favorite stories. I wrote her a fan email, she wrote back, we started corresponding," he told me. "Dave is her husband."
"Oh," was the only response I could come up with. I wasn't sure how I felt about this hidden conversation. I waited for the rest of the story.
"A lot of her stories are about wife sharing, and she has real life experience so I had someone to talk to honestly about my fantasy," he explained.
"I see," was the only response I could come up.
"She made me see that lots of men feel that way and that I'm not a freak. She has watched her husband fuck other woman in front of their husbands and thinks it's very hot," he went on. "And, they don't live near us," he threw in.
"What does Dani do while he fucks them?" I asked.
"She either watches or joins in. Sometimes she helps seduce the woman,' he answered.
"Oh," I said again. I wasn't mad, it was just a lot to take in. It took me a while for it to sink in that one of my requirements for fucking another man was that he didn't live near us.
I spent a lot of time thinking about Dave and Dani. Now I was even more curious about them. Did they have an open marriage? Was Dave a cuckold?
At night, Wesley would often bring up Dave and Dani in our love life. It still turned me on. So much so that I went to the site and read some of her stories. The way she described the women in her story turned me on. I could picture them acting slutty and being fucked by multiple men. Being admired both physically and sexually. More than once I brought myself to orgasm thinking about being fucked while Wesley watched.
The wedding week finally arrived. Besides the normal wedding jitters I was also nervous about meeting Dave and Dani. Wesley and I planned to arrive in Hawaii two days before the wedding to chill and to make sure the arrangements were going well.
Many of our guests also planned on arriving early. I was looking forward to seeing them. It was going to be a very small wedding. What was weird was that I knew everyone really well except Dave and Dani who I'd never met.
The hotel was beautiful and had its own beach. We were going to be married sunset on the beach, then they were catering a luau for us on the beech. The hotel had a bar with a dance floor. On weekends they had a band, so the plan was to hit the bar after the luau.
We had a suite on the top floor. As we checked in I saw Dave and Dani walking through the lobby. She was wearing a short sundress he had on a button down shirt and shorts. They looked just like their pictures. I felt butterflies in my stomach.
Dani saw me, waved and came over. She gave me a big smile and a hug.
"Wow, you're more beautiful in person," she said.
My brain locked. "you too," was the only response I could think of.
Dave was hugging Wesley.
"So good to finally meet you two. We're looking forward to the wedding," he said.
We finished checking in. Dani made small talk about the hotel and restaurants, asked how our flights were. Perfectly normal stuff. I responded all the time looking at Dave and thinking this was the guy I'd been fantasizing about fucking.
I could see it. My legs spread beneath him as Westly looked on. I could feel the moisture growing in my panties as the image played through my mind while we talked.
Finally the check in was done. Dani looked at my check in and said, "hey cool, we have the suite next to you."
We all got in the elevator together. Dani engaged Wesley in conversation.
"Your fiancé is every bit as pretty as her pictures. She looks so sexy," she said.
Then turning to me, "well you have a big day coming up. I bet you're all butterflies." Tell me," and then she dropped the bomb, "are you ready to get fucked the way Wesley wants you to be?"
"Ummm," I didn't have an answer. I just blinked.
Dave put his arm around my waist and pulled me too him. "Let's see," he said.
He leaned in and kissed me. My body just responded, I kissed back.
I could feel his hand slide down my back, then my ass, to the hem of my dress. He pulled the dress up and placed his hands on my ass cheeks. I was wearing a thong so I felt the skin of his hands against my cheeks.
My mind was racing. I didn't break the kiss. Instead I became more passionate. He pulled me into him. I could feel his hard cock pressing against my belly. No one except Wesley had touched my ass in a long time. Here was this stranger just grabbing me, taking control, and I was letting him. Even worse, I was liking it.
We got to our floor and walked to our rooms. At the door we said goodbye. Dave kissed me again. I kissed back. Then Dani came over to me. She put her hand behind my head and also kissed me. It was the first time I kissed a woman. It was much softer than a man. I also kissed back.
When she was done she patted my ass and, heading to their room said, "see you soon."
Wesley opened the door. I was kind of in a daze as I walked through it. Wesley grabbed me in his arms and kissed me.
"That was so fucking hot," he said. Then he stopped and looked at me. "Did you like it?"
The truth was my pussy was creaming. I wanted to fuck. Instead of answering Wesley got down on my knees in front of him and undid his belt. I pulled his cock out and wrapped my lips around it. As I sucked him I stroked it with my hand.
"So you did like it?" he kind of laughed but asked in a serious tone.
"Shut up," I responded.
"You liked that he just took you and grabbed your ass,". Didn't you?" He pushed.
I stood up, reached under my dress and pushed my panties to the floor.
"Just fuck me," I said.
I got on the bed on my hands and knees. My knees and ass at the end of the bed. Wesley positioned himself behind me and with one thrust was buried deep in my wet pussy.
"Wesley pushed it. "Tell me, did you like kissing Dave?"
"Ummmph... ," I grunted as he pulled back and then thrust into me again.
Wesley grabbed my hair and asked me again, "did you like it,"
"Yes," I hissed.
"Yes what," Wesley pushed.
"Yes I liked being kissed," I replied.
"What about having your ass grabbed?" He continued.
"Yes, I liked it," I responded breathlessly.
Wesley started pounding my pussy. "Did you like him just grabbing you and kissing you?"
"Yes," I moaned. I thought about Dave's hands on my ass. I wondered f I would have stopped him from going further.
"That's pretty slutty," Wesley said. "Are you a slut?"
He grabbed my hair and kept pumping me. I felt my orgasm rising.
"Yes, yes, fuck yes, I'm a slut!" I exclaimed as I came.
"Slut," he called me as he pulled out and came all over my ass.
We both rolled over on the bed panting.
"I love you," he said.
"I love you too," I responded.
We both fell asleep.
We woke up in time for dinner and decided to eat at a little place in the hotel. As we arrived we saw Dave and Dani sitting there with another couple. They were a bit older than us but younger than Dave and Dani. Dani waved us over. She introduced us to the other couple.
"This is Wesley and Tori, the young couple I was telling you about," she said.
We said our hellos and made some small talk. I found out later that the other couple were also a couple Dave and Dani had chatted with online but at that point I just wondered.
Then Dave shocked me. I was standing next to him, he was seated. I was facing their guests. As usual I was wearing a dress and all of a sudden I felt Dave's hand on the back of my thigh. I didn't know if anyone else noticed. I just stood there. I felt a wetness in my pussy. The six of us continued to make small talk. Dave's hand slid up my thigh. I could feel a wetness forming between my legs. Dave's hand reached my ass and started stroking it.
"You have a great ass," he said in front of everyone.
Everyone was looking at me. I just stood there. His hand slipped between my thighs and he pulled at my leg with a little pressure.
"Spread your legs," he said.
I was in a daze. I moved my legs further apart.
"That's better," Dave said as his finger slid under my panties to feel my pussy. "She's so wet," he said to the table.
"I bet," said the woman of the couple.
Dave pulled his finger out of my pussy and out from under my dress. I guessed he was done. I was both embarrassed and disappointed he stopped. He held his finger out in front of the woman. She took it in her mouth and softly sucked it. I felt a pang of jealousy watching this act between Dave and another woman.
"Mmmmmm, she tastes good," the woman purred.
Dave looked at us. "You guys enjoy your dinner," he said.
He was obviously dismissing us. We said our goodbyes and were seated at our own table. We could hear the murmur of conversation at the other table. I could hear her giggle and every once in a while see Dave touch her,put his hand on her thigh, or hold her hand.
The weird thing was I couldn't stop paying attention to them. I felt a pang of jealousy each time he touched her. I was having a hard time paying attention to Wesley.
"Hey, what's up?" he asked.
"Who do you think that couple is," asked in reply.
"I don't know, why?" he replied.
I looked at him. "Because your friend just fingered my pussy in front of them," I hissed.
"You didn't look like you minded," said Wesley very carefully.
I thought for a moment. I wasn't sure what I was feeling. Finally I said, "how did it make you feel?"
"It was hot," Wesley exclaimed. "Watching you spread your legs for him made my stomach tie up in knots."
"So you liked watching another man play with your fiancé's pussy?" I asked. I kind of lightened my mood. I was more teasing than shocked.
"Yes," he said.
"Well, I'm glad you enjoyed it.," I replied.
"Did you like it?" he asked.
"Yes," I replied quietly.
Just then the waiter showed up. We turned our conversation to dinner and the wedding but I couldn't stop thinking of Dave. It was making me horny.
After dinner we headed to our room. As soon as we got in the door I threw myself at Wesley. I started undressing him and undressing myself. With his help we were naked in no time. I pushed him down on the bed and straddled his cock.
"Fuck yes" I sighed as he filled me up.
We didn't talk as we fucked, rather, I fucked him.
"Fuck yes, unghhh, unghhh, unghh," I grunted as I slammed myself up and down on his cock.
Then I sat straight up and started playing with my clit. I could feel my orgasm rising.
"I'm going to cum," Wesley warned me.
That brought me out of my trance and I rolled off him. He grabbed his cock and with a few tugs came all over his belly. I tried to keep playing with my clit but the mood had passed. I was just feeling let down. I slept fitfully that night.
The next morning I decided to hit the Starbucks in the lobby for coffee. I pulled on some shorts and a T. As I was leaving the room I saw the other couple leaving Dave and Dani's room. They saw me and said hi in the hall. A wave of jealousy passed over me. We rode the elevator in silence and said goodbye in the lobby. All I could think about was Dave's hands on her body. It made me both wet and angry.
When I got back to the room Wesley could tell something was wrong. I wouldn't tell him what it was. "Nothings wrong," I said.
The day was filled with guests arriving and wedding arrangements. It brought me out of my mood. I was enjoying being the center of attention. Every once in a while I'd catch a glimpse of Dave and Dani around the hotel and I'd feel a wave of anger and arousal but most of the day I just had fun.
I was exhausted when we got back to our room and fell asleep as soon as.my head hit the pillow.
Next day was our wedding day. We hung around with friends for most of the day. In the afternoon we headed to our room to change. I put on my dress. Wesley watched. You could tell he really liked it.
He looked really handsome in his linen pants and white shirt. Perfect for a beach wedding.
Just then there was a knock on the door between our suite and Dave and Dani's
Wesley and I looked at each other. He shrugged and went to open the door. Dave and Dani were in the door.
"You guys ready?" Dave asked.
"Ready as we'll ever be," said Wesley.
Dani looked at Wesley. "Well don't you look handsome," she said.
"Thank you," he replied.
"I thought I'd walk down with you," she said to him.
He looked at me
"Come on," she said. "Dave can help Tori."
She guided him to the door and they left. I was standing there, with Dave, in my wedding dress.
"You look beautiful," he said.
"Thank you," I said. I was still a little mad at him.
"Are you ready to go?" I asked.
"Not yet," he replied. "I've got something for you. Come here."
I walked over to him and looked him in the eye. I could feel the heat from my pussy as I moved close to him.
"What?" I said breathlessly.
He pulled me to him and kissed me. I didn't respond right away but quickly that changed and I started kissing him back.
I pulled away to look at him. I wasn't sure what he wanted me to do. "We should get going," I said tentatively.
"Not till I fuck you," he said with a commanding voice.
My mind screamed. What? He wanted to fuck me now? Who did he think he was?
"Now?" was the only thing that came out of my mouth.
He pulled me to him and kissed me again. I kissed back. As he kissed me he started pulling up the chiffon of my wedding dress. I could feel the heat in my pussy as the wetness grew. All the times I thought about fucking Dave, I never pictured this, but here I was wet as hell and letting him pull up my dres.
I reached down and undid his zipper. I thought of Wesley. Well, Wesley wanted me to fuck Dave. Why not now?
As his hands grabbed my ass under my dress I pulled out his cock. I realized my hand just barely fit around it. He was much bigger than Wesley. I felt his hands in the band of my thong as he pushed it down over my hips and down to the floor.
Then he picked me up. I wrapped my legs around his waist. I reached down between us and guided his cock into my soaking wet pussy. "Fuck yes," I moaned as he entered me.
"I'm going to send you to your wedding with a present for Wesley," he said. "A cunt full of cum."
"Ok," I said meekly as I hung onto his neck, his strong hands on my ass guiding me up and down his cock.
He carried me to the bed and let me down on it. I whined as his cock slipped out of me. As I landed on the bed my dress fell back down into place.
"Show me that pussy," he ordered.
I pulled the front of my dress up to my waist. I was laying on the back of the skirt. Dave climbed between my legs and entered me. I could feel how wet I was. I wondered briefly if I was staining my dress.
I wrapped my legs around Dave's waist as he fucked me. He fucked me hard. I grunted with each thrust.
"Like that?" he asked.
"Yes," I hissed.
"What kind of girl gets fucked on her wedding day?" He asked.
I could feel my orgasm building. "A slut," I moaned as it washed over me.
"Are you a slut? he asked.
"Yes, fuck yes," I moaned as he continued to fuck me.
"Tell me what you want," he ordered.
"A cunt full of cum," I grunted.
As I said this a second orgasm hit me. I came all over his cock as I felt his hot cum fill me up. I couldn't remember the last time Wesley had cum in me.
I laid there catching my breath. I felt his cock soften and fall out of me. I could feel this cum and my juices leak out of my pussy and down my leg. I was sure some got on my dress.
We laid there for a moment and then he said, "you better get to your wedding."
I stood up,I looked around for my panties.
"Leave them," he said. "I want cum running down your legs as you say your vows. As soon as you see Wesley tell him you have a cunt full of my cum.
Leaving them on the floor I left the room. I caught a glimpse of myself In a mirror. I looked like I'd just been fucked, but I figured I could blame it on the beach wind.
I headed to the beach where everyone was waiting. There was a cool sea breeze. I walked past my maid of honor to Wesley. He reached over to kiss me. As he did I whispered in his ear.
"Dave just fucked me. I've got cum in my cunt and running down my legs,"
He pulled back and looked at me like I was kidding. Then he looked at the guests and saw Dave. When he saw that I was serious a big smile came across his face. He kissed me again and we turned to face the Justice of the peace.
The wind was blowing pretty hard and I could feel a light sea spray on my body. The JP was looking at me like he forgot the words. All of a sudden I realized the sea spray was making my dress pretty see through. I was pretty much naked standing in stockings and garters next to Wesley.
Practically naked, and cum running down my leg I was super turned on. I barely heard the words of the ceremony. I think I said, "I do," at the right part. The JP may have had to ask me twice.
When the ceremony was over I passionately kissed Wesley and turned to face the guests. Usually there's immediate applause. At first there was a pause, then, nobody wanting to make a scene, the applause began. I walked in practically naked glory down the aisle to the luau.
At the luau my mom came up and offered me a cover up. I pretended I didn't know what she was talking about and just continued to let everyone see me. Wesley stuck close to me and told me how beautiful I was and how much he loved me.
As we ate and drank the party wound down. The family left and all that remained were our friends. We decided to hit the bar. The music was going at that point. The bar was fairly empty. Mostly hotel guests. It looked like tourists and a few businessmen. My see through dress caught everyone's attention.
We danced for a while. Dani hit the dance floor with us. I saw Dave at a table talking to two businessmen. We were there for an hour when they started to close. Dave suggested we all go to his suite for a night cap.
My bridesmaids said they were tired and opted out. That left Dave, Dani, me, Wesley, Jon and Ken. As we were leaving Dave stopped at the businessmen's table and invited them. I think they checked out me and Dani and decided to say yes. We all piled in the elevator.
Dave stood behind me. The businessmen were behind me next to him. As we rode the elevator up Dave pulled the back of my dress up over my ass and started playing with it. Without thinking I spread my legs a little. He started playing with my pussy. I'm sure the businessmen noticed.
We got to the room and Dani got everyone drinks. Dave got out his iPad and a small speaker and put on some music, It was soft and sultry.
"Dani loves to fuck to this mix," he said.
I could see why. I started swaying to the music. Dani finished handing out drinks and came over to me. She was wearing a little halter sundress. She put her arms around me and we slowly swayed to the music.
"You looked so sexy today," she said. "Didn't she look sexy?
I heard murmurs of agreement. I was feeling sexy.
We danced like that for a while and then Dani turned my head to kiss me. I kissed back. We swayed to the music. Then Dani turned me around. She was behind me and I was facing the men.
"Didn't she look sexy today?" she asked.
They all agreed I looked sexy.
Then she said, "did you like Dave fucking you before the ceremony?"
Jon and Ken looked incredulous. The businessmen just looked on.
"Yes," I responded.
"Yes what?" she pushed.
I liked fucking Dave before the wedding," I responded.
I looked at Wesley. He came over and kissed me. "I love you so much," he said.
"Your dress was see through at the wedding. How did that make you feel?" Dani asked.
"Sexy," I replied.
Dani pulled Wesley behind me. She pulled him down and whispered something in his ear.
"Did you like people seeing your wife practically naked?" she asked Wesley.
"Yes," he said.
"Would you like to show her off now?" Dani asked.
"Yes," he whispered.
Tori, Wesley's going to undress you now. In front of all these men. What do you want?" Dani asked.
I turned to Wesley and said, "I'm your slut. Whatever you want."
Next thing I know Wesley was pulling down my zipper. My dress fell to the floor. I was standing in just stockings, garters, and heels in front of six men. Two of them were total strangers.
Jon and Ken looked frozen. The businessmen were smiling.
"Who wants to dance with the bride?" Dani asked.
Jon and Ken didn't move. One of the business men said, "I do."
He walked over to me and put his arms around me, his hands firmly on my ass.
"You like that ass?" Dani asked.
"She's got a great ass," he replied.
At this point I was so wet I could feel myself creaming down my legs.
Dani came up behind me and slid her hand up my leg. "You would not believe how wet her pussy is," she said.
The businessman took the hint. One hand dropped down between us and he started playing with my pussy. I moaned. My knees buckled a bit but he held me up.
The other businessman got up and said, "my turn." His friend handed me off to him. He turned me around facing all the men and stood behind me. First he played with my tits. As he did I kept eye contact with Wesley.
"You like this baby?" I asked. "Is this the naughty little slut you always said you wanted?"
"I love you," he replied.
I looked over my shoulder at the guy playing with my tits.
"You like my tits?" I asked.
"They're perfect," he responded.
"You don't mind that I'm a slut?" I teased.
"I love sluts," he replied.
"So does my husband," I replied
One hand left my tits and slid down to my pussy. I spread my legs a bit and moaned as his finger played with my clit.
I looked at Jon and Ken. They looked so confused.
"It's OK guys. Wesley always wanted me to be a slut. He was always trying to get me to dress sexier and show off in front of you guys. Weren't you honey?" I explained.
He looked at his friends and then at me and then back to them, "yes," was all he said.
"See guys. It's ok to look," I said. "Mmmmmm. That feels good," I said as the hand continued to explore my pussy.
I rolled my hips into the hand and my ass back against his crotch. His cock was hard. I reached back and rubbed it through his jeans.
"That for me?" I cooed.
"Like it?" He replied.
I just rubbed it harder.
Dani was sitting by Jon. "Like what you see?" she asked him. He looked at her in a daze. Don't tell me you never dreamed of this," She said. "Come here," she said. She took his hand and walked him over to me.
I reached for his zipper. "Did you dream of this?" I asked.
"Yyyyes," he stammered.
I pulled out his cock. "Mmmmmm. If I'd known this is what I'd find I would have done this earlier."
Behind me I felt the guys cock again. He'd pulled it out of his jeans and placed it in my hand. I continued to stroke it. I had one hand on Jon's cock and one hand on businessman's. They were both hard. My pussy was dripping wet and my mind was going a mile a minute.
I looked at the other businessman. He was standing there looking at me. "What do you want?" I asked.
He walked towards me. As he did he pulled out his cock.
"I want the slut to suck on my cock," he said.
As he got to me I let go of the two cocks I was holding and dropped to my knees.
"Babe, look at this. This guy wants your slutty naked wife to suck his cock. I don't even know him," I said to Wesley.
There was a drop of precum on the tip. I used my finger to scoop it up. I put my finger to my lips and rubbed the precum on like lipstick, then I licked my lips.
"Mmmmmm," I grinned making eye contact with the guy. As I did I wrapped my lips around the guy's cock.
Jon was still in front of me next to the businessman. I reached out and started jerking his still hard cock. I pulled him closer to me. I stopped sucking Mr. businessman and moved my mouth to Jon's cock.
"Look babe, now I'm sucking your best friends cock," I said.
I looked at Wesley. Dani was standing next to him. She unzipped his pants. "Pull it out," she said.
Wesley pulled out his cock. It was rock hard.
"Tori you look so sexy," cooed Dani. Then to Wesley, "isn't she sexy? Show her how sexy. Stroke that cock."
"She's very sexy," said Wesley as he pumped his cock with his right hand.
I continued sucking Jon and the businessman's cock alternating between them and jacking one off after the other.
The other businessman was still behind me. He got down on his knees and started fingering my pussy and clit. I was soaking wet. I could feel it on my thighs. He knew what he was doing. His fingers felt good.
"Fuck yes," I moaned as he played with me. I kind of held onto the two crocs in front of me as I enjoyed the feeling. The businessman pulled at my ass, obviously repositioning me so my ass was in the air. The other businessman got down on his knees in front of me and stuck his cock back in my mouth. As he did his friend behind me lined his cock up with my pussy and drove his cock in.
"Mmmph...," I grunted around the cock in my mouth as he drove his cock home.
With each thrust of his cock he drove my mouth onto the cock. I began to get a rhythm of sucking cock while being fucked.
The thought that I was being spit roasted by two strangers really turned me on. I felt my orgasm building.
I let the cock drop out of my mouth and started stroking it.
"Oh fuck, that feels so good, fuck me, fuck yes, fuck my cunt, I'm cumming, fuck yes," I hissed as my orgasm washed over me.
As I caught my breath I guided the other guy's cock back into my mouth.
I felt the guy in my pussy start to speed up his thrusts. I knew he was going to cum. I stopped sucking cock.
"That's it," I practically screamed. "Fuck that pussy. Give me that cum. Fill me up."
I felt the hot cum fill my pussy. I again pictured all the times I made Wesley pull out.
"Oh fuck yes, look Wesley. He's filling my cunt," I teased.
The guy's cock slipped out of my pussy.
Dani got up and took Jon's hand. She guided him behind me and pulled him to his knees.
"Do you want to fuck her?" she asked him.
Still the gentleman he answered, "if she wants."
I looked back at him. "Fuck me. Stick your cock in your best friend's wife's messy cunt," I coaxed. "Tell him Wesley."
"Fuck the slut Jon, you've always wanted to," Wesley assured him.
Dani was still stroking his cock. She pulled him to me and lined up his cock with my pussy. "Fuck her," she said.
Jon plunged his cock into my cunt. It slid right in as I was soaking from my orgasm and the load of cum inside me. I felt his cock push some of the cum out of my pussy and down my thigh. "Mmmmmph," I grunted around the cock in my mouth.
As Jon continued to fuck me I turned my attention to the cock in my mouth. I started stroking his cock as I lightly sucked on the tip of it. I felt his cock start to pulse. I knew he was cumming. I tried to pull off but he grabbed my head and held me. Jet after jet of hot cum filled my mouth. Some of it dribbled down my chin as he came.
As the last jet filled my mouth he let go of my head. His now softening cock slipped out of my mouth. With my mouth full of cum I smiled at Wesley. I opened my mouth to show him the full load. Then I tipped my head back and swallowed the whole load..
"Mmmmmm...," I cooed.
Ken was watching the whole thing stroking his cock. I turned my head to look at him. "Your turn," I said.
Not wanting to miss the chance he got up and stuck his clock in my mouth. As I sucked it I looked at Dave and Dani. Dani had Dave's cock out and was stroking it while they watched me get fucked.
Jon felt good but I wanted to be in control. "Lie down," I told him.
He pulled out of me and laid on his back. I straddled his cock and started riding him. I motioned Ken over and started sucking his cock again. I ground my pussy into Jon's cock. It felt so good.
Still jerking Ken's cock I let it fall out of my mouth. "Oh fuck, that feels so good," I said as I rode Jon's cock. "That's it, fuck me, fuck yes, oh fuck yes," I moaned.
Just then I felt a jet of hot cum hit my face. Ken was cumming. I turned and opened my mouth. I caught some of it but most of it landed on my face and tits.
I used my hands and rubbed it into my tits. One of the businessmen was hard again. "I want that ass," he stated.
"Oh Wesley," I said, "he wants to fuck my ass. Get some lube."
Wesley went into the bathroom and came out with the lube. He handed it to me. I squirted some in my hand and reached around and rubbed it in my ass. I was still riding Jon. He had a shocked look on his face. I coaxed businessman over and lubed up his cock. Then I laid forward on Jon so we were face to face.
"Ready for this?" I asked.
As I said it I felt Mr. businessman start to drive his cock into my ass I watched the look on Jon's face. He looked incredulous.
"You're so cute," I said and kissed him.
The businessman finally had his cock buried in my ass and started slowly fucking me. I caught his rhythm and started to fuck Jon as well. I'd never felt so full.
"Oh my fucking god," I moaned. "Fuck yes, fuck yes, this is amazing."
I felt another orgasm rising, "oh fuck," I cried. "I'm going to cum again."
I shuddered and collapsed on Jon as my orgasm washed over me.
As my orgasm hit me, businessman in my ass started to cum. Hot cum filled my ass.
"Fuck yes, fill my ass," I hissed. "Give me that cum."
That was it for Jon. He spasmed and filled my pussy with its third load of the day. I felt both cocks slip out of me. I could feel cum leaking from my ass and pussy.
I rolled over on my back to catch my breath. I looked at Dani and Dave. Dani was sitting on Dave's lap, facing outward. Her dress covered her and their legs but they were obviously fucking. Wesley was sitting on the couch watching.
Dani looked at Wesley. "Go show your wife you love her," she said.
Wesley knelt down between my legs his cock easily slid into my cum filled cunt.
"Do you like the way my cunt feels?" I cooed. "Is this the slutty wife you wanted?"
I love you," Wesley said and then kissed me.
"I love you too," I sighed.
Wesley slowly made love to me. I saw the businessmen zip up and arrange their clothes. "We have to get going," one said. "Thanks for the great night."
They headed out the door.
Jon and Ken looked at each other and did the same. "We'll, ummm..., see you tomorrow Jon said as they left.
Dani climbed off Dave. His hard cock stood straight up. She came over and kissed me as Wesley fucked me. "We'll get going too," she said. They exited through the door connecting our rooms.
"Let's clean up," I suggested to Wesley.
We got up and got in the shower. We slowly washed each other clean making out the whole time.
We climbed naked into bed and fell asleep.
About three hours later I felt the bed move. I looked at Wesley. He was still asleep. Then I heard Dave whisper, "get on your hands and knees."
I got up on my hands and knees. He placed one of my hands above each of Wesley's shoulders. My face right above Wesley's. He slid his cock into my pussy and started fucking me. "Wake him up," he commanded.
"Wesley," I said. "Wake up." He didn't stir. I coaxed him louder and shook him. "Wake up, Dave's fucking me."
Wesley stirred. As he opened his eyes my face was right above him. He felt the bed moving. He looked at me. "Dave is fucking me," I repeated.
Wesley looked past me and saw Dave behind me.
"Oh Wesley," I sighed. "I'm such a slut. Is this what you wanted?"
In answer Wesley pulled my face to him and kissed me. As we kissed I felt another orgasm rising.
"Fuck yes," I moaned.
******************************************
Please don't forget to rate my story. Please feel free to leave a comment.