This will be a slowly-developing story; the first 2-3 chapters will be to set up the context.
************
It had been only a few months since Ramya had moved to Chennai to pursue her Ph.D. It was a totally new experience for the 25-year old - first time living alone in a big city which was completely different from the cosseted small town that she was originally from. She was enjoying her new-found freedom, and was doing well in her coursework as well. If you'd passed her on the street, you'd probably not give her a second glance - Ramya was of medium height, almost never wore any makeup and dressed very conservatively reflecting her small-town middle-class background. Underneath all her clothes though, she had a toned and well-proportioned body.
It had been a long and tiring week for her with a project submission deadline and she was relieved that it was finally done. She'd picked up dinner on the way home because she was too tired to cook, and she was planning on relaxing in front of the TV after a nice cool shower to clear off all the sweat and dust from Chennai's roads. It was already dark by the time she got to her 1-bedroom flat, and she put the food near the stove and went to take a shower.
"I need to think about getting an A/C soon, it's really sweltering and it's not even peak summer yet," she muttered to herself as she went to the bathroom. "Maybe I should reward myself for completing the project and go shopping for some new clothes," she thought to herself as she removed her Salwar and looked at herself the bathroom mirror. She unsnapped her bra and rubbed her shoulders to try to remove the marks from the tight bra straps. "Not bad," she thought to herself, "I think I have been putting on some weight in the right places," and rubbed her breasts. It was completely uncharacteristic of her, and she found her nipples getting erect and she felt a strange sense of hyper-awareness all over her body. She stripped off the rest of her clothes, stepped under the shower and turned on the cold water at full blast, but she couldn't shake off the strange feeling. She found herself applying soap to her boobs and playing with her nipples, and her hands slowly crept down to her pussy.
She usually felt very guilty about masturbation because of her conservative upbringing, but she just couldn't stop herself. She closed her eyes as the water from the shower felt like a caress, and let her fingers enter her pussy and played with her clit. Even though she was a virgin, she had been masturbating on and off for a few years, and she knew her own body quite well. While her fingers were playing with her clit, her other hand was squeezing her boob tightly, and she was soon gasping in orgasm..
"I wonder what brought that on," she thought to herself as she rinsed off her soap in the warm glow after the orgasm and toweled herself off. She realized that she was no longer feeling as tired anymore and actually felt like she had just woken up after a long and restful sleep. She reached for the nightie hanging on the door, and in her post-orgasmic excitement, she pulled at it too hard only for it to snap off the door and fall to the wet floor. She was in too much of a good mood to let that irritate her and knelt down to pick it up and squeeze out the water. As she was wringing out the water, she felt something shining at the corner of her vision. She stopped and looked around, but couldn't see anything shining or any other light apart from the bathroom light above the door and was wondering what had attracted her attention. When she knelt back to wring out the nightie, she felt it again. Still kneeling, she tried to locate the source of light without turning her head. That's when she realized that there was a small hole just under the shower handle and there was a light shining through it!!
Without showing any sign of the shock she felt, she just quickly wrapped the towel around herself and went out of the bathroom. Still wrapped up in her towel, she sat on her bed and tried to think it through. Was somebody actually spying on her while she was bathing! How dare they! She didn't know her neighbors that well, but she knew that there was a middle-aged couple living in that unit and they had a son who had just started going to college. Still wondering whom it could be, and what she could do without embarrassing herself, she started looking for clothes to wear. That's when she realized that her nipples were erect again, and her pussy was throbbing! Once she realized how aroused she was, she also realized that she had never felt this hot. "Is the thought of somebody else looking at my naked body really turning me on this much!" she said to herself as she found her fingers creeping towards her pussy again! All it took was just a touch of her clitoris and her whole body started spasming in orgasm! She found herself completely flat on her bed, diddling herself with three fingers while moaning in orgasm, the towel completely off her.
It was almost half an hour before she could get up and dress herself. Her food had gone cold, but she was still feeling a simmering warmth from her orgasms as she silently ate her dinner. She couldn't stop thinking about the fact that somebody had probably seen her in the shower, that too masturbating herself to an orgasm. She felt like she should do something about it, but she wasn't sure how to approach confronting a stranger about something as intimate and potentially embarrassing as this. Talking to her parents about it was completely out of the question as well. She just crashed out after dinner and had a very disturbed night of sleep with strange, arousing dreams...