Oh yes, it's been a long nine months between the Brickyard and this next Indy 500. I don't think I look any older in the face but my breasts keep getting bigger and I still have a tiny little waist and hard little butt. So what have I been doing for the past nine months?
Well there was one thing I figured out when I tried to do flashing in the 'real world', so to speak. I found out I was a rookie; yep me a flashing rookie. I know I know... I did a whole bunch of flashing at the two races before; but hey, it's easy to flash at the races because everyone is begging you to flash them. All you need there is the courage to flash and I certainly have that!
But flashing in public away from the race tracks is a whole different thing. Think about it. Where do you flash? How do you flash? Most importantly who do you flash? You just can't flash anywhere and you just can't flash anyone that comes along. That's when I realized I had no idea how to do it. Flashing while driving my car turned out to be what I did the most.
I would open my top so a lot of breast was showing, and then hike my skirt way up so my bare pussy was fully visible. I even kept my right leg spread to the right while my left foot was pulled back to the seat and my knee up against the door. Whoa! Was my bare pussy ever sticking out there when I did that! Oh yeah I would stretch my cunt lips so they were really visible.
Pick up trucks, vans, big trucks, and even SUV's would pull up on the right side of me and boy did they ever get a show.
Most all the guys wanted me to pull over and talk but I realized right away I couldn't do that or I would never get anywhere... HAH! So I kept the window closed and acted like I didn't hear them. I did however love hearing the yelling because that meant they were seeing my bare pussy. I spent more time looking in my rear view mirror for trucks then I did looking forward to make sure they would pass me on the right side.
I would get so turned on driving around flashing that I had to sit on a couple of folded towels to keep my seat from getting soaking wet with my own cunt juice. I couldn't begin to tell you how many orgasms I had while driving around flashing like this. Anyway after a few months I kind of graduated so to speak to going in and flashing in places like the mall, a teenager's favorite place to go. Acting like I was shopping, I would do some bend over's with a short skirt on or even squat down to look at something on the bottom shelf.
Never wearing panties made it easy to fully expose my bare butt and pussy. It turned me on like crazy every time I did it. However, I did learn one of my first big lessons about public flashing. What is it? Don't flash in your own home town. I'll tell you why. After school one day I was in a local drug store and I saw an older man walking up the aisle behind me. I just couldn't help myself. I bent over right in front of him to get something off the bottom shelf, completely exposing my bare butt and pussy to him.
I stood up, moved a step and bent over again. The man stood behind me taking in a long look. I was so turned on juice was dripping out of my cunt. WELL! Did I ever get a surprise when the man said, "Kathy what are you doing?" I stood right up and turned around. I couldn't believe it was one of my high school teachers! My legs were shaking and I was absolutely embarrassed that I had gotten caught.
He came right out and asked me, "Why aren't you wearing underwear?"
I stumbled and stuttered my words, "Ah, ah, I, I, I forgot I didn't have any on."
"Forgot. What do you mean you forgot?" How could you possibly forget?" My teacher questioned in a scolding voice.
My head was spinning trying to think of something to say. "Ah, ah, I, I was in gym class and someone took my panties... as a joke I guess." I paused for a couple seconds and said, "And. And I forgot I wasn't wearing them." Yes, it was a very lame excuse but it was the best I could come up with in a pinch.
"Oh, well... I see." After a brief pause he said, "You should be more careful young lady!" again scolding me.
"Yes, you are right. I, I will go home right now." My teacher walked away without saying another word. But it always seemed a little weird around him after that.
Whew! Did I ever get away with one that time! That's when I realized you don't go flashing in your own home town. So from that point on I started driving to other cities a few miles away. But Indy (the big city of Indianapolis) was the best place to go.
There were all kinds of stores and malls to go into and loved guys beeping their horns yelling and whistling at me as I walked down the sidewalk. I found myself driving to Indy two three times a week: flashing while driving there, flashing in stores and flashing on the drive home.
One day in the suburbs of Indy I went into a huge sports store next to a mall. My thinking was there would be a lot of men in a sports store. Since I played softball before, I thought why not look at some softball stuff. After waiting a few minutes a couple of college guys stopped at the end of the aisle behind me. With total sexual excitement streaking through my body, I bent over and stayed bent over for quite a long time.
Glancing back under my arm, I could see the two guys had turned into six, maybe seven young college men, and the sexual excitement in me tripled in an instant.
"Hey! Hey! Look at that! Look at that!" One of them said while pointing at my fully exposed bare ass and pussy.
I couldn't help myself. I was so turned on I just stayed bent over for the longest time. One of the men walked up beside me.
"Nice ass." I stayed bent over not saying anything as he said much louder. "Nice Ass!"
I couldn't act like I didn't hear him because he said it way too loud. I stood up straight and wasn't sure what to say because this was a first for me. No one (except for my teacher) had ever said anything to me.
"Oh. Thanks." Why I said that I will never know. It just kind of blurted out if you know what I mean. Without even thinking about it I bent over again. I really shouldn't have done that: but like I said, I did it without even thinking. In an instant all seven of them were gathered around me.
"That's a very nice ass!" Another one of the young men said while grabbing my right butt cheek with his full open hand.
I didn't expect them to do that. Hell, I wasn't ready for that at all. I instantly stood up straight but had no idea what to do or say. This wasn't the race track; this was in a sporting goods store. But like always I didn't say anything. I also didn't move away or try to get him to stop rubbing my butt either. The guy that had talked to me first stuck his hand up the front of my skirt, and his fingers smacked directly into my very erect, throbbing clit.
I was so turned on that I had an instant orgasm.
I could feel the juice trickling down my inner thighs all the way to my ankles. I knew right away I should probably say 'stop' or something, but it felt so fantastic I just couldn't. Only seconds later there were hands all over me. Hands were on my butt, my inner thighs, pussy, and two hands up my top squeezing my breasts and nipples. We were in between two tall shelving racks so we were kind of hidden.
The man massaging my clit forced his hand in between my legs, and I actually spread my legs wider apart. His middle finger went right up my soaking wet cunt hole while he smashed my clit hard with his thumb. Another orgasm built in seconds and my pussy let go with a huge juicy one. "Ohhh," came from my mouth as my pussy spewed juice out all over his hand.
"Whoa! Damn! She just came all over my hand!" The man said in a low voice to all of his buddies.
All the men were continuously looking around, I'm sure watching out for anyone else to come by, but never stopping playing with my body. The man continued to finger fuck my pussy while another man twisted his fingers around on my stiff clit.
I said in a muffled voice, "Oh, Oh My God. Oh," as my pussy came again. Juice poured out of my cunt, ran down my thighs and dripped on the floor. I remember looking down and seeing that my skirt was pulled all the way up and my legs were spread rather wide.
"Whoa! Whoa! Somebody's coming, somebody coming!" one of the men said. Instantly they all removed their hands and flipped my dress back down. I just stood there not moving, almost not believing what had just happened. Only within a second I heard the same guy say, "It's Okay. It's Okay."
My skirt went back up and the hands went back on my body and fingers up my cunt hole. They were all doing everything harder and much faster than before. They were squeezing my nipples harder, and doing my clit and finger fucking my pussy much faster as well. They brought me to another huge orgasm in seconds. It felt so great I couldn't believe it. I even put my left foot up on the bottom shelf which spread my legs open even wider. The college guy instantly shoved his fingers deeper in my cunt.
My next orgasm was even more intense and I moaned and groaned louder than I should have. "Oh My God! Oh My God! Oh My God," again much louder then I should have.
"Shhhh, shhh... not so loud," the man finger fucking me said.
"Ah! Ah! Ahhh," I moaned out in as muffled a voice as I could. Let me tell you it was hard to keep quiet with the orgasms so intense. I had a fourth and fifth orgasm.
"Somebody's coming... we got to go... we got to go!" one of them said, ordering everyone to stop and get going. Everyone removed their hands quickly and they took off around the end of the shelves.
"That was great!" the man that finger fucked me said as he rushed away.
Sure enough a man and his son walked around the corner just as I was getting my skirt back down. I looked down and there was a huge puddle of my cunt juice on the floor. Even though my legs felt weak I turned and walked away around the end of the display shelves. I found the ladies room and freshened up. As I walked out to my car I remember thinking what would I do it those guys showed up out in the parking lot. I was actually quite nervous (close to scared) thinking about it and at the same time hoping they would be. But they were nowhere to be seen, and I got in my car.
I sat there for the longest time just thinking about what had happened. I got played with and finger fucked right in a sporting goods store by several college guys! I couldn't believe it happened yet was so excited that it did. This was yet another first for me. Like I've said before you have a lot of firsts in your life when you're young. Well, that is how I spent the nine months between the races. Driving around in my car flashing and going into a few stores flashing. But, that was the only time I ever had any physical contact with anyone.
Now it was Indy 500 time again. My parents did their annual stay at my Uncle's cottage for Memorial Day week end. Fortunately I was able to talk my way out of going which meant I would be able to flash Friday and Saturday night. I of course only wore my denim dress that opens like a robe and a pair of high heeled sandals. As always I was totally naked under the dress. My breasts were bulging out and I was showing a lot of leg with the mid thigh dress. I was so turned on my nipples ached from being so hard. My clit was so swollen and erect I could feel it moving as I walked.
After the nine long months since the last race I was as nervous as could be all over again. I mean I was so nervous my knees were shaking. It was just turning dark on Friday night and a lot of the guys were working setting up their campsites. So no one yelled at me until I got past Twenty-Fifth Street. A big group of men, at least thirty maybe fourty of them, started yelling at me before I even got up to them.
"HEY! HEY! HEY! Come on over here baby!" they yelled very loud.
I started looking around for cops right away. I hadn't forgotten about that! Oh yes, the men knew they were about to get a show as they all turned towards me. My legs and hands were shaking, I was so incredibly nervous. It was just like the first time I flashed at Indy and I loved the feeling. I pulled out on the lapels of my dress and popped my breasts all the way out. Even I couldn't believe how big my nipples were! They were really sticking out there and as thick as I had ever seen them.
The men yelled, whistled, cheered and applauded their approval as my cunt let go with a little orgasm. Like always that is what I wanted... that big uncontrollable sexual rush! It's knowing that every time I flash that I will get that rush (and it will only get bigger and bigger as the night goes on) that makes me want to do it. I walked all the way down to the end of Georgetown Road and I must have flashed my breasts sixty or seventy times. I just couldn't walk past anyone that yelled at me, and they all did.
I turned at the end and went down the first double row of campers back in the field. Again I was flashing at every campsite that had people in it. I had only gotten about a third of the way down the row when one of the men yelled out.
"Hey! What color panties are you wearing?" Of course I've heard that line before.
I turned back around facing them and asked, "What color do you think I have on?"
"Why? If we guess right will you show us?" The man asked with a bit of sarcasm in his voice.
After a brief pause (like I was thinking it over) I said, "SURE, why not? If you guess right."
Well, guys started yelling out colors left and right. "Red. Pink. Red. White. Black. Red. Blue. White. Red. Pink. Red. Black. White. Red. Purple. Pink. Red. Red." It continued for several seconds.
"It seems like the most say 'red'," the man shouted out.
"NOPE. Not red," I said with a smile.
"Hey, one of them had to say the right color, right?" He paused a second and said, "Come on give us a look anyway," almost pleading with me.
"Yeah, come on give us look. Come on baby," came from just about all the men almost begging me to show them my panties.
I said, "Oh, okay. I guess I can. But you will be surprised!" While looking around for cops, I unsnapped my dress as all the men started to position themselves directly in front of me. I gave another quick look around and opened my dress wide open. There was a second of silence as they all saw my full naked body.
"HEY! HEY! Turn around and show us that ass," one man yelled out followed by several men yelling "Yeah! Show us your ass!"
I turned my back towards them bent over slightly and pulled my dress way up above my hips and around my side fully exposing my entire bare ass to them.
"Whoa! Nice Ass! Nice Ass! Nice Ass," was said over and over again by several men.
I turned back around facing them, let my dress drop back down and closed it up. I gave them the little finger way goodbye. They wanted me to come back and I told them I would be back this way later. I just couldn't help myself any longer and started opening my dress up for everyone. I loved showing off my full naked body. I went down the next two rows flashing nearly every campsite. I was about three fourths of the way down the fourth row when I noticed a huge group of men and a whole lot of yelling going on.
I slowed down to see what was going on. There was an old school bus made into a camper and they had a very big slide hooked to the roof of the bus. There was a couple girls sliding down both pulling down their tops as they slid down. There was no one at the other campsites because they were all watching the girls on the slide. I slowed down until the two girls were done and walking away. It wasn't long before the guys spotted me and yelled at me to come over.
"Hey! Hey! Hey! Come on over and go down our slide!" They said repeatedly.
As I walked up to the campsite the guys as always spread apart making a path for me to walk through. I stopped a few feet from the bottom of the slide.
"What the heck do you have here?" I asked with a bit of excitement in my voice and a cheesy smile.
Several of the men pointed at a big sign and read what the sign said... "It's the naked slide!"
"Come on over and take a slide," the guy standing by the ladder said.
"The naked slide, huh?" I said while putting my hands on my hips and looking up to the top of the slide. "WELL! I don't think I would slide very far if I was naked," I said with a bit of a giggle and a big smile.
"AHH. No problem! We have mats up there for you to sit on." The man said like it was a done deal.
"OH. I See. You've thought of everything, huh?" I said with a bit of sarcasm in my voice.
"OH yeah. Yeah." He replied paused and said abruptly, "So. You going up?" while pointing up the ladder.
"Well, I guess I could give it a try," I replied with everyone cheering. I went over to the very tall ladder and started going up. Guys started shinning flashlights up my dress and I heard them tell the others.
"I don't think she's wearing panties man!" One guy said and another said, "She Ain't wearing panties."
I got up to the top and the guy there put a mat down on the top of the slide. I wanted to see what they would do and sat down on the mat.
"No. No. No! It's a Naked Slide! You have to go down naked!" Several of the men yelled out.
I yelled down to them, "I thought you were kidding about that," with a big smile on my face.
"OH NO, NO! Naked Only," they yelled back at me.
I didn't say anything as I stood back up. I unsnapped my dress and took it off with everyone cheering like crazy and a whole lot of wolf whistes. I was totally naked on the top of a bus. I sat down on the mat and yelled out to the men at the bottom of the slide, "Are you going to catch me?" I really didn't want to fly out on the ground naked.
"ABSOLUTELY! You'll never touch the ground," they yelled back.
With that I inched the mat forward and whoosh I went down the slide like a rocket much faster then I thought I would go. Did the guys catch me? Oh yeah they caught me alright. They caught me by the thighs, the breasts, and the ass, but they did catch me and stand me straight up. I was laughing like crazy and the men were cheering like crazy. So there I was, completely naked, surrounded by all these men. Of course I didn't mind that, but I did my best to act at least a little embarrassed.
I walked over to the ladder and yelled up to the guys, "Throw my dress down."
"OH! NO! NO! NO! You'll have to go up there and get it," the man said while he and all the others laughed.
Not only flashlights came on as I climbed naked up the ladder but the cars and motor home across the lane turned on their headlights. I put my dress on and guys started yelling out.
"You have to go down the slide. You have to go down the slide," they said repeatedly.
I took my dress back off, threw it down and slid down the slide again. Before I left I must have went down the slide at least a dozen times with my legs spread wide. There were even several girls watching from the walking road. I finally told the guys I would be back later and headed out down the road. That was really fun and I most definitely plan on going back later. While flashing the next row some guys asked me to `settle the old bet' bullshit right after I flashed them.
HEY! Before you go, can you settle a bet for us?" the guy that always seems to do most of the talking asked.
"Well. I will if I can." I replied.
"Some of the guys say you're shaved and others say your not. Can you let us take a look?" He asked with a grin and then blurted out, "Only to settle the bet."
I had that 'yeah right' look on my face but said while taking in a breath, "Yeah I guess... if it's to settle a bet that is."
Of course all the guys agreed it was to settle a bet. I walked right up to a picnic table and opened my dress then put my left foot up on the seat and spread my legs. The flashlights came on from everywhere lighting up my entire body. They especially lit up between my legs where most of them were pointed. Several guys bent over and a couple dropped down to one knee.
"Holy fucking Christ! She's shaved alright. But WOW what a pussy." He yelled out while everyone tried to get in to take a look.
"Those are the biggest pussy lips I ever seen man," the other man on his knee exclaimed.
The first guy reached in and started dragging his fingers on the lowest edges of my hanging cunt lips. After just a few slides of his fingers I felt my cunt lips separate and the tips of his fingers slide the full length of my slit. Oh how great it felt. I slightly tilted back my head as I softly moaned, "Oh. Ohh. Ohhh."
"I think she likes it," one of the guys standing said with a chuckle and several guys agreeing with him.
With that the guy reached in with his other hand and grabbed one of my pussy lips with each hand. He pulled them wide apart and like most men stretched them way out.
"Look at that! Would you look at that! Un-fucking believable," the man exclaimed to all the other men to look at my pussy lips. "That is fucking awesome man... absolutely awesome!"
I wasn't sure where the other finger had come from at first. I felt a finger going up my cunt hole but I was looking right down at the men and I could see their hands. Another man had reached in from behind and slid his finger right up my cunt hole while yet another man standing reached in from the side and started doing my clit.
"OH, OHH, OHHH!" came out of my mouth, each one louder then the one before. I was so turned on already that it only took seconds and they had me cumming. Juice flowed out of my pussy getting all their hands and fingers soaking wet. I moaned out, "OHH! AHH! OH MY GOD," as that orgasm turned into an ever larger one, cum now pouring out of my pussy.
"Jesus H Christ! She cums a fucking bunch man," one of them said with all the other men agreeing with him.
"I can't see shit man," a man spoke out with several others saying. "Yeah, we can't see either."
With that said my right leg got lifted up and my body turned and before I knew it, I was sitting on the top of the picnic table both feet on the bench seat. Hands came on both my legs pulling very lightly to spread them. I just leaned back on my elbows and spread my legs open. The very first guy that touched my cunt dropped his head and started licking my pussy.
"OHHHHH! OHHHHHH," quickly came out of my mouth loudly, as he licked. Without even thinking about I spread my legs wider. The soon as I did that it was like a sign to the men holding my legs and they really spread my legs open, almost straight out to the sides. "OHHHHH," followed by, "OH MY GOD, OH MY GOD," as he brought me to yet another, bigger orgasm. I'll tell you one thing he was really good at licking pussy.
Before I knew it guys were grabbing my elbows and pulling my arms out so I would lie down on my back. Hands came in from everywhere: hands squeezing my breasts and others squeezing my big nipples. There were several hands on my flat, firm tummy and several hands rubbing my inner thighs (even my calves). With all those hands on my body it made my next orgasm build even faster. He flipped and flipped my clit with his tongue then locked onto it sucking very hard while twisting his head.
"Oh My God," I yelled out pretty loud as my pussy erupted with a huge orgasm, juice burping out in globs. The man just clamped down harder and twisted harder on my clit while sliding fingers up my pussy. "OH MY GOD," I yelled out very loud it was so intense.
I just couldn't help yelling out as a hand went over my mouth to muffle my loud moaning. The man lifted his mouth from my pussy and was just finger fucking me - with how many fingers I don't know. Another man standing at my side reached in from above and started flipping my clit with his fingers. He first did it softly and slowly but quickly started doing it harder and faster. The sensations in my pussy and clit doubled in an instant, while other men took turns squeezing and sucking on my nipples.
It became so intense between my legs that, by natural reaction, I closed my legs tight pulling them out of the men's grip. Everyone stopped what they were doing, their hands still in place on my body and cunt. The man pulled his fingers out of my pussy, only to pump them right back in. Again it was like a natural reflex... I wasn't even consciously thinking about it. But I not only spread my legs open I actually lifted them. Undoubtedly this must have been like another sign to the men to escalate things.
Because the soon as I did that they grabbed my legs again. This time not only pulling them way out to the sides but pulling them way back as well, really spreading them super wide open. Now being so spread open they had access to my pussy like never before. The fingers started fucking my pussy like you wouldn't believe, and there were more then one man's fingers in my pussy. I know because I could feel some fingers going in and some going out at the same time. One man was raking his fingers back and forth over my stiff clit very hard. It was awesome!
"Oh My God! Oh My God! Oh My God! Oh My God," came out of my mouth muffled by the hand over it. Yes, I know I could have stopped it at anytime by yelling out stop. But I just couldn't; it felt all too fantastic to stop now. So I just let them have at me how ever they wanted, and have at me they did. Everything picked up harder and faster. They were enjoying making me orgasm repeatedly; and believe me, I was enjoying them doing it.
"You want fucked baby?" a man blurted out. "How about it baby... you want fucked?" He asked again.
As always I said nothing. I don't know why I never want to give permission but I also know I never say no. Hell yes, I wanted fucked but I just didn't ever think I should say yes. Well, for the first time a guy picked up on it.
"Hey! She didn't say no," that guy blurted out.
"That's right! She didn't say no," many other guys said.
Well, let me tell you it didn't take long for the men to convince themselves that it was okay to fuck me since I didn't say no. In a way I guess that is what silence is saying, because hell yes, I wanted fucked. Within seconds the younger man had his pants pulled down a little and a fairly long, average thickness dick was pointing nearly straight up. It was like at the point of decision... not for me... but for them to go through with it.
"You want fucked baby?" the man with his cock inches from my pussy asked. I said nothing. "Ah. I guess she wants fucked," the man said, more like trying to convince everyone it was okay more then anything else.
He knelt on the seat of the picnic table and wrapped his hands around my thighs up by my hips. He slid my entire body towards him my legs still being held spread open. He reached down and pushed his very hard dick down pointing it directly at my pussy. He moved forward and shoved the head in my cunt hole. He looked straight into my eyes, I'm sure looking for me to give him an answer. Again I did not say anything but I did hump my pussy up into his stiff dick. That is all it took for him. He instantly leaned into me totally burying his dick all the way in my pussy.
"OHHHHHH," I yelled out. It didn't really hurt but it surprised me that he shoved it all the way in. He slowly pulled nearly all the way out and then slowly slid it all the way back in my pussy, pushing in extra hard to make sure it was all the way in.
"OHHHH! OHHHH! AHHHH," came from my mouth, it feeling so good as he slid his dick in.
After leaving his dick buried in my cunt for a couple seconds, he pulled nearly all the way out and stopped. Then he started fucking me with a great rhythm, one full length stroke after another. I can't begin to tell you how great his cock felt sliding in and out of my pussy. I was cumming, one orgasm after another, as he fucked me; juice was spurting out of my pussy every time he shoved it in. Hands were still all over my body as he fucked me, squeezing my nipples and feeling me up where ever they could. After about a ten minute fucking, the man started fucking me about as fast and hard as he could.
"Ahh. Ahh. Ahhhh," the man moaned out low while slamming his cock in my pussy very hard and shooting his load in my cunt. He stopped but stayed there with his cock still in my cunt for a few seconds before stepping off the bench seat and pulling his cock out of me, juice flowing out of my hole.
There was like several seconds of silence from all the men and all the men's hands stopped on my body. I glanced around and there was no doubt in my mind they were all watching to see what I would do... how I would react. I thought for a second to say something but then I wasn't really sure what to say. So, like always, I said nothing except for letting out a little moan of satisfaction. As I moaned I stretched my arms a little and arched my back, followed by a slight humping of my cunt up as I laid back flat.
Again this was like a sign to all the men. The soon as I humped my pussy up all the men started moving their hands on my body again. Within a couple seconds another guy a much older man appeared in front of me his pants pulled down so far I couldn't even see them. But I sure could see his stiff dick. He was about the same length as the other guy but a bit thicker. Not huge but thicker and it was hanging down a bit. Other guys were doing my clit hard and fast and I was just about to orgasm when the man lifted his cock and shoved it half way in my cunt hole.
A very long "Ohhhhhhh," came out of my mouth as he slid his cock slowly all the way in my dripping wet pussy.
He didn't stop till he had it all the way in my cunt, and like most men, shoving in extra hard at the end to make sure it was buried. He wasted no time, pulling out about half way and shoving it all the way back in over and over again. After ten maybe twelve strokes he started banging his cock in very hard... bang, bang, bang. He reached down and started doing my clit with his finger at the same time.
"OHHH! Oh My God! Oh My GOD! OH MY GOD," I yelled out loud as the man made me orgasm while banging his cock in my pussy. Again a hand went over my mouth to muffle my loud moaning and groaning.
He fucked me for a longer time... I would say a good fifteen minutes. He many times changed how fast he shoved it in. He would go slow for a few strokes then fast for a few strokes. He would pull nearly all the way out for a few strokes and only a little way for a few strokes but always banging it all the way in. He was giving me a really good fucking, I can tell you that. When it got to the end he put his hands on my inner thighs, pressing down very hard, spreading me open even wider. He would pull nearly all the way out, stop, and bang it back in very hard.
As he buried his cock in my cunt he moaned out.
"Ahh. Ahh. Ahh," and shot several big loads of cum in my pussy. He slid his cock in and out a few times then slowly pulled his cock out and it dropped down as it came out of my hole.
As his cum and mine poured out of my pussy, I decided I should try and put and end to this, only because I had been then for such a long time. So I got up to my elbows with all the guys removing their hands. I sat up straight and all the guys back away. My dress was rolled up under my back and as I slid off the table and stood up the juice really poured out of my pussy.
"Do you have a bathroom I could use?" I asked of the guy that had kind of started the whole thing.
"ABSOLUTELY! SURE...right over here," he said while motioning for me to follow him.
I went inside the absolutely beautiful motor home and got everything all freshened up. When I came out of the bathroom the man asked me.
"Hey. You okay? I mean you're not mad at us or anything are you?"
"Nooo. No. Not at all." I paused a couple seconds and said, "Things got a little crazy but it's cool."
"Whew. Glad to hear it." He said in a very relieved way. "You're gorgeous baby."
"Thank you." I replied and then said, "I think I should be going," which surprisingly he agree with.
When I went outside nearly all the men were gone. I think they were all afraid how I was going to be when I came out. Well, it was nearly three in the morning and I continued flashing, but there really weren't that many people out and about. So I took a walk back up Georgetown road flashing all the way back to my car. I got home around five in the morning. But the best part was I would be going back tomorrow night! I took a shower and spread out on my bed naked thinking about what I had done that night. Only I quickly feel asleep and to my surprise didn't wake up till after five o'clock in the afternoon.
I couldn't believe I slept so late. I had to wash my dress, get something to eat, get ready and head back to the 500 for Saturday... the real party night! I couldn't believe how turned on I was as I rushed getting ready to go. I mean I was as turned on now as I was when I did my first flash last night. My nipples were hard, my clit was hard, my cunt was dripping juice and I was so hot my legs were shaking. No I wasn't so nervous my legs were shaking - I was so turned on my legs were shaking. This had never happened before; but boy, did I ever love it!
I just couldn't believe I was so turned on. By the time I got to the 500, it was already dark. Still can't believe I slept so late. I got out of my car and walked right down Georgetown Road as always. After flashing at every campsite on Georgetown Road, except for a few because of cops, I decided to head right for the big slide. I thought that would be a good thing to start out with.
The guys were more then happy to see me and after five or six naked slides one of them asked, "Hey, how about a beer?"
After a short pause I said, "Sure why not." I had only drank a few sips of beer about a year ago and didn't really like the taste but I was pretty thirsty and I thought why not give it another try. He gave me a can of beer and I took a little drink. Yuck! I still didn't like the taste but I certainly wasn't going ot tell them that.
"Sit down for a little bit," the guy that handed me the beer said while setting out a lawn chair, that was kind of pointed towards the campfire and men standing in the walking lane.
Yes I was still naked my dress up on top of the bus but I sat down in the chair with my legs spread a bit. I felt something unusual right away as I sat down. My big cunt lips fell right through one of the big holes in the chairs webbing. I could tell by some of the men standing in front of me that they saw it because they were kind of bending over to look. Now let me tell you. This was one of those great opportunities you just don't plan on.
I closed my legs and kind of rolled right and then left to spread my butt cheeks apart, leaned forward to check the strap on my shoe and gave a little cunt wiggle. I could actually feel my cunt lips dropping even further through the hole. Oh wow I thought... this is really cool. As I sat back up straight I could feel my pussy lips dropping even further through the hole in the chair. I spread my legs as far as the chair would allow. Guys started elbowing each other telling them to look at my cunt lips hanging down through the chair. Flashlights started coming on and pointing right on my cunt lips. It was really cool actually.
"What the hell are you guys doing?" the man that gave me the beer asked the guys with the flashlights.
With a laugh they pointed under my chair and one of them said, "Look what's hanging out under there." All the men in front of me, beside me and behind me leaned down to look. They all started chuckling and I heard men saying different things like, "That's fucking awesome... un-fucking believable... that's nice... that's a lot of pussy," along with several other things.
I acted like I had no idea what they were talking about. That is until I felt this little tickle on my cunt lips. "Ohh!" Popped right out of my mouth and I sat up straight like I was totally surprised. All the men were laughing as I looked back to one side and then the other. There was a man down on his knee behind the chair and he had reached under and tickled my pussy lips.
I said, "Oh My God," as though frightened but then quickly relieved and said, "Oh Geez," while putting my hands on my chest as though totally relieved. I said with a little girlish giggle,
"I thought a spider or something was crawling on me." Well that got all the men laughing.
It didn't take long and he grasped my cunt lips with his fingers and pulled them down stretching them way out through the hole in the chair. I mean my cunt lips were really hanging down there now. My lips stretched through the hole in the chair was quite an exciting feeling, to say the least. The flashlights never went off my cunt lips. I knew something was going on behind me from the look on the men's faces in front of me along with their grinning and chuckling.
I acted like I had no idea what was going on and drank all but a little bit of my beer. Then I found out what it was. The man's fingers let go of my cunt lips and I felt something warm and wet right on the lowest edge of my lips. A man had gotten on his back and inched his way under the chair. It was his tongue on my pussy and oh boy did it ever feel good. The men watching were having a ball and so was I. After just flipping my cunt lips with his tongue for about a minute he went way up to the chair and sucked both of my cunt lips in his mouth.
"OHHHH MY," excitedly came out of my mouth with my eyes wide open, my body stiffening and a super surprised look on my face. All the men started chuckling at the excited, surprised look on my face. "OH! OHHHH," came out of my mouth as he pulled down stretching my cunt lips with his mouth. I was giving a lot of those 'oh shit' looks on my face. "OHHHHH," flew out of my mouth again as my lips popped out of his mouth. He went right back up and did it again even sticking his tongue in between my lips and into my cunt hole. With a very surprised look and a little giggle I said, "This is some chair." Which brought very loud laughs from everyone.
"That's our pussy chair!" one of the men declared with everyone laughing.
I was going to reply; but suddenly, it felt like I was going to cum. It was really weird. He never licked my clit, only my cunt lips. It was driving me absolutely crazy with anticipation. I was right on the edge of cumming from the cunt lip licking and sucking, but it was like it wasn't enough to make me orgasm. Hey! I have to tell you. Do you have any idea how hard it was to sit still in that chair so I didn't pull my cunt lips out of the hole with a man bringing me to orgasm? Let me tell you it was not easy to do.
It was also very weird sitting straight up in that chair with all those men looking straight at me. To be very honest with you it was almost embarrassing... yes embarrassing. I knew my face was flushed, my nipples hard and I had expressions of pure sexual ecstasy on my face. I could hear the men mumbling to each other about me. It was driving me absolutely crazy being right on the brink of cumming for so long and yet not cumming. I was moaning but very low, almost embarrassed to moan in front of the all those men. It was the weirdest thing ever as a monster orgasm built in my pussy.
Finally I couldn't help myself, "Ahhhh! AhhHHH! AHHHHH," came out of my mouth followed by even louder, "AHHHH! AHHHHH," followed by a long, drawn out, one word at a time, "Oh... My... God!" My cunt was ready to explode, but yet it wouldn't let go. At least another minute or two went by with me repeating the "AHHH'S," and "Oh, My, God's!"
You could feel the tension in the air from all the men as they watched me straining my entire body while not moving an inch in the chair. It was like watching someone blow up a huge balloon and waiting for it to burst. Well burst my pussy did. The beer can dropped out of my hand and I grabbed the arms of the chair very tight. My entire body quivered uncontrollably as my pussy exploded with a huge orgasm.
"OHHHHHH! OHHH! OH MY GOD," burst out of my mouth much louder then I wanted it to but the orgasm was so big and so intense I couldn't help it. "OHHHHHH! AHHHHH! OH MY GOD! AHHHHHHH," kept coming out of my mouth as I felt the huge globs of cunt juice being forced out of my hole almost violently.
With a grimaced chuckle I heard different men saying things like, "WHOAAA! She just drenched his fucking face... Holy fucking Christ she drowned him man... Un-fucking believable," and many other things. But they weren't laughing; they all had the look of lust on their faces.
It was like I couldn't stop cumming. I would orgasm, stop, and orgasm all over again three four times in a row. The man never stopped licking my pussy.
I knew his entire face had to be soaked with my cunt juice but he didn't seem to care. He just kept his tongue in between my cunt lips and slid back and forth along the whole length of my slit. It was driving me absolutely wild; but, I did not move my pussy at all. I stayed solid in the chair so not to pull my cunt lips out.
I completely remember feeling more embarrassed as I had orgasm after orgasm while sitting straight up in that chair. A very loud, "OHHHHHHHHH," came out of my mouth followed by an even louder, "AHH!
OHHHH! OHHHH! OH! MYYY! GOD," as my cunt burst like the huge balloon.
I clearly remember actually hearing the juice burst out of my pussy making a sound like opening a Pepsi can after shaking it up. All the men were dead quite and they all let out a collective
WHOA' as my pussy exploded. I heard the man lying beneath the chair gag and gag as he stopped licking my pussy. He obviously got a big mouth full of my cunt juice and it gagged him big time.
All the men started chuckling as the man scooted out from under my chair coughing and gagging like crazy. ME? Well I was still having a monster orgasm. I couldn't stop it and I didn't want to.
Except for being even more embarrassed, I just sat in the chair holding onto the arms while my orgasm continued. It took a minute or so before my orgasms slowed and I relaxed my grip on the chair.
Finally I said, "WHEW," as I exhaled a deep breath of air and stretching my legs out. Again I said, "WHEW," and paused a couple of seconds trying to think of something snappy to say. "This
is some chair!" I exclaimed to everyone. All the guys started laughing like crazy.
The guy that had been licking my pussy under the chair moved around to the side of me on his knees.
His entire head face and the shoulders of his shirt were soaking wet. Let me tell you when I cum I really cum. There were a lot of funny things said by many of the men about him being soaked with my cunt juice. My pussy was still having those little spasm orgasms and I could feel the juice dripping out of my cunt. When I saw him I just kind of crunched my shoulders, tucked my chin down and did one of those pulled back contained laughs with a little cheesy smile.
I said, "OOPS! SORRY," with a bit shy (almost mischievous) look and rolled my shoulders in.
"Don't be. That was fucking GREAT," the man exclaimed. "Absolutely Fucking GREAT," he repeated.
One of the guys brought me another beer which I started drinking. I must have sat in the chair a good ten minutes before my pussy stopped having the little spasms. I did a few stretches arching my back in the chair. I told them I needed to get going. They tried to get me to stay but I told them I would come back later.
Everyone was watching as I stood up. My cunt lips were so swollen that the chair lifted up with me, my cunt lips stuck in the hole. Believe me that got a roar of laughter from everyone. I sat back down, put my hands on the arms of the chair, and stood back up. My cunt lips were so swollen I actually had to pull to get them out of the chair. I put my dress back on and again told them I would come back later and took off walking down the lane.
I looked at my watch and whoa I had been there for nearly two hours. Way too long to stay in one place. Why do I say that? Because think of what else I may miss because of being in one place too long, right? But I have to admit I really loved what just happened there. I got to the end on that row and decided to go flashing where I had never been before. There was another big camping field north of Twenty-Fifth Street, so I headed on across.
Things seemed to be a bit wilder in that field. There was a lot of loud music and after flashing down the first couple of rows everyone seemed to be a lot younger than the other field. There was also more other girls flashing as well. Only they were in two's or three's or had men with them. I seemd to be the only girl flashing totally alone. I still had that turned on feeling like I had at home. I actually felt jittery I was so turned on. Plus I was feeling a bit high from the two beers. As I turned the corner of the third row a couple girls walked passed me.
They stopped and said, "Don't go down there," while pointing down the row of campers.
"Why is that?" I asked.
"Those guys are all drunken assholes down there. They squeezed the hell out of our nipples as we went through," one of them replied with the other girl agreeing.
Now you would think I would have just gone down the next row wouldn't you? But no not me... especially feeling even more courageous from the beer. No way could I pass up a challenge like that! As I walked and got closer to the group of young men I noticed two totally naked girls lying on the hood of a car. Both of them had pretty big breasts but the rest of them was pretty big too. There were eight or ten men around the car and a whole bunch of young guys standing in the walking lane.
I have to admit it did look scary, but I like scary. Plus having those over turned on sexual jitters and the beer just made me keep walking forward. I only went a couple of steps when I saw at least four girls in the middle of the big group of men. All four of them had their arms being held behind their backs while guys took turns sucking on their nipples. Only the girls didn't seem to like it that much.
The girls were saying, "Stop! Stop it!" One of the girls yelled very loud, "STOP IT! YOU FUCKING BASTARD's!"
The guys let go of their arms and the girls pulled up their tops with several of the guys saying things like "Big Baby. Bitch. Go on get out of here." The four girls walked off in the other direction.
I took in a deep breath and continued walking towards the opening in the path between the girls on the car and the big group on the lane.
"Hey baby! Show us the titties," one of the naked girls yelled out. She was obviously pretty drunk.
"Oh yeah! Show us those big boobies baby," the other girl yelled out also, sounding very drunk.
As soon as those girls yelled out all the men in the road turned around and literally made a human wall across the road. I couldn't help but notice they were all young guys. I mean like eighteen to twenty five.
"What do we have here," the one that always does most of the talking said as I stopped a few feet from their human wall. "You have to pay a toll to get through here," the man proclaimed quite politely I might add.
I asked, "A toll?" Playing right into their little game of BS. "What kind of toll?"
"Well! It's a thousand dollars!" He proclaimed and after a brief pause said jokingly. "OR! You can just show your tits."
"YEAH! It's a passage toll," the guy next to him said. "Just whip those titties out and leave'em out," the man instructed while chuckling.
Playing right along with the joke I said, "WELL! I don't have any money. So I guess it's this." I said while popping my breasts out of my dress.
All the guys just went wild when they saw my large breasts and nipples. They were whistling and hooting like a bunch of wild men. They all
quickly stepped back and opened up a lane in the middle for me to walk through, which I did. I no sooner got into the opening when the guy doing most of the talking spoke.
"Wait a minute! Wait a minute," the guy yelled out waving his arms in the air. "I think she's going to have to pay an extra toll to bring them big babies through. Don't you think?" Of course all the guys yelled their agreement.
I had no idea what he meant by that but it sure raised my level of nervousness. He no sooner made his comment about an extra toll when the lane closed up in front of me and behind me. Oh yes, I was pretty much trapped.
He yelled out to all the other guys, "I say she needs to take off that dress. What ya think?" Needless to say all the guys went wild agreeing with him again.
I knew I really didn't have much of a choice but to open up my dress. I can't begin to tell you how nervous and turned on I was at that moment. I reached down and unsnapped the one snap holding it together. Before I even got it completely open a man yelled out.
"SHE'S NAKED! "Holy fucking shit she's naked man!" The man obviously seeing my bush.
In an instant guys behind me grabbed my dress at the shoulders and pulled it right down my arms and completely off. They stripped me naked in less then a second. Just like that I was standing there totally naked surrounded by screaming drunken men. I couldn't believe what had happened so quickly. But wow what a sexual rush flew through my entire body.
"Hey come on. Give me my dress," I said pretty loud and repeated while looking around for my dress. "Come on guys give me back my dress."
"Whoa! Whoa! Whoa! Quiet Down! Quiet down. SHUT THE FUCK UP!" The man yelled out holding my dress way up in the air. It was quite surprising that everyone got fairly quiet.
"What did you say?" the man asked.
With a smile and leaning my head to the side I asked, "Can I have my dress back? Please."
"OH don't worry. Don't worry baby. You'll get it back the soon as you walk all the way through." Then he said, "We just got to get a good look at that fine body first." He put my dress over his shoulder, reached in with both hands, grabbed both my nipples and squeezed very hard. Without even thinking I raised my arms knocking his hands away.
Instantly some guy grabbed my arms at the elbows and pulled them behind my back. That of course made my breasts stick out even further.
"Now, take it easy babe. Take it easy. We just want to check out this fine body that's all." While saying that, he felt my breasts and squeezed my nipples hard. Then said, "Nice fucking titties." He slowly moved his hand down my body over my flat tummy my bush and placed his hand right between my legs.
"DAMN! What the hell we got down here." He said in a very excited surprised way. "Got to see this!" He exclaimed.
He slid his hand down my inner thigh, grabbed my leg just above the knee and lifted my leg way up. He handed my leg to another guy and ordered,
"Spread her open man" The man straightened out my leg and lifted it nearly straight up in the air making me bend to one side.
"Holy Fucking Shit! Would you look at that pussy!" the man exclaimed very loud with all the other men crowding in to look.
I was standing on my right foot and my left leg was being held straight up in the air, and I do mean straight up in the air. I would have fallen over if the man wasn't still holding my arms behind my back. Oh Yes! My pussy was totally exposed and totally spread wide open for everyone to see and even more to do what ever they wanted to do with it. I was as nervous as nervous could be almost scared. But at the same time I just couldn't help being extremely turned on having my legs and pussy so spread open, especially in that crazy standing up position.
"Would you just look at that pussy! Just look at it. MAN! What a fucking pussy!" The man said over and over again as though he couldn't believe what he was looking at.
He reached in with both hands and grabbed each of my cunt lips between his thumbs and index fingers just like most men do. Only he didn't just stretch them out. He pulled on them hard very hard violently stretching them out very long and spreading them wide open.
"OUCH!" I yelled out loud. "EASY! OUCH!" I yelled again. It felt like he was going to rip my cunt lips right out from between my legs. He very roughly stretched them out and apart very wide while guys shined flashlights right into my open cunt hole.
"That's fucking unbelievable man, fucking unbelievable." After a couple of seconds he said, "I've never seen a pussy like this. Never in my life have I seen a pussy like this."
While still holding my cunt lips spread and stretched out another guy started twisting my very stiff clit very hard between his thumb and finger. The last thing I wanted to do was orgasm for these guys but I couldn't control my pussy. Juice started bubbling out of my cunt hole and I could feel it running down the length of my right leg. Guys were taking turns sucking my nipples very hard two at a time. Two guys would suck them, then two more and two more and two more. They were sucking my nipples so hard that they were already aching. These guys were totally out of control.
"Holy fucking shit, she's cumming man. She's fucking cumming. You see that? You see that?" After a brief pause he yelled, "What the Hell!" He paused again and yelled, "Look! Look! Look! She's cumming again! She's cumming again man. Look at the fucking juice cumming out of there!" The man repeated to his friends. "That is some Hot Fucking Pussy man."
Like I said the last thing I wanted to do was cum for these jerks but I just couldn't help it. I admit I was turned on being spread wide open in the way I was, one foot on the ground and one leg straight up in the air. That unusual spread position and the relentless hard nipple sucking was making me cum.
"Make her cum more man!" Some guy yelled out.
The man let go of my cunt lips and started massaging my clit very hard with his fingers in a circular motions. My body instantly stiffened and like an unconscious reflex I pushed my pussy out towards his fingers. He started doing my clit even faster and harder right away. It only took seconds and I was moaning and groaning very loud. I couldn't help it... he had me ready to orgasm big time.
"AHH! OHH! AHHHH! OHHHHH," flew out of my mouth as my pussy erupted with a huge orgasm. I could feel the big globs of juice bursting out of my cunt hole. I could see the juice getting flung all around as his fingers covered my entire pussy, still masturbating it with big fast circles. "OH MY GOD! OH MY GOD!" continually came out of my mouth as I had one orgasm right after another.
All the guys were going ballistic watching my pussy pump out the juice. My pussy, especially my clit, was so sensitive that the intensity of my orgasms made me feel like I was going to pass out. The man was relentless, never once slowing down or letting up for a second. Then fingers (and I have no idea how many) got shoved deep in my cunt hole. They started finger fucking me at the same time and my orgasms got even more intense.
I screamed out pretty loud, "AHHHH! AHHHH! AHHHHH!" As I came repeatedly. I think the loud screams must have scared them a little. The man stopped masturbating me and the fingers were pulled out of my hole. I still moaned, "AHHH! AHH! Ahhh! OH!" as juice poured out of my cunt.
"Jesus H Christ that girl can cum!" Followed by, "Un-fucking believable man, un-fucking believable!" He paused a second and said, "That is some pussy you got there girl! Some fucking pussy."
There were hands all over me rubbing my thighs, my ass, my breasts and guys were still taking turns sucking on my nipples two at a time. My nipples were really aching like crazy now. He slapped my pussy hard three or four times with a flat hand, why I don't know, but it sent my juice splattering in all directions. Hell, even those pussy slaps made me orgasm more. I was pretty sure they were going to stop.
The head guy yelled out, "AH HELL... ONE MORE TIME!" While putting his fingers back on my pussy and whirling them around very fast in big circles.
My body stiffened instantly and I couldn't help humping my pussy out into his fingers. It wasn't something I thought to do. It was like my body and pussy did it all on its own. The now two men holding my leg up in the air suddenly pulled up harder lifting me up on my right toe. My pussy popped out even further and the man just went crazy on my pussy. He was totally our of control. Hell they were all drunk and out of control. He pressed down extremely hard took a different position with his feet to do it even harder and faster. It got so intense between my legs I couldn't even scream out all I could do was grunt and take it.
There were so many flashlights on me and my pussy it was almost blinding to me. It got so intense I thought my pussy was going to blow right out from between my legs. I screamed very loud, not saying anything, just screaming as my pussy literally exploded. I remember looking at my cunt and the juice was flying everywhere as the man continued making fast circles on my pussy with his fingers. Even though I started screaming he didn't let up for a second and continued the attack on my pussy. One giant orgasm followed another for at least five or six minutes.
All of a sudden he stopped as my pussy continued to pump out huge amounts of juice. He and all the others just stood there staring at my pussy juice streaming out. My screams stopped but I moaned and groaned very loudly while men continued sucking my nipples even harder then before. It felt like they were going to suck my nipples right off my breasts and they hurt like hell.
"Alright, ALRIGHT... That's enough!" the man yelled out still staring at the juice flowing out of my cunt. My leg was still being held straight up and standing just on my right toe. My pussy felt like it was vibrating it was so sensitive. My nipples ached like you would not believe, and guys were still sucking on them very hard two at a time.
"HEY! Knock it off you guys!" Another man yelled out chasing the men away from my nipples. "Come on. Let leave her go," he said to the men holding my leg up.
They lowered my leg down to the ground so I was now standing on both legs (two shaky legs I might add). My whole body was shaking and I was still having orgasms one little spasm orgasm after another. My entire pussy was tingling and it felt like little sparks of electricity were snapping the very tip of my clit. My nipples were huge and sore as could be.
The man shook his head like in disbelief and said, "You are one hot babe." Still shaking his head, "Never seen a girl cum so much." He paused a second and said, "Hell. I never knew a girl could cum that much." With a little laugh at the end. "WELL. Here's your dress as promised."
At least he was a man of his word when it came to my dress. Hell, I didn't know what to say; so as always, I said nothing. I put on my dress and just walked on, guys lifting my dress in the back to look as my ass. My nipples were so sore that they hurt touching my dress. My cunt lips and clit were swollen so much that they rubbed against my inner thighs as I walked. As I walked I looked at my watch and it was little after one in the morning. I thought to myself oh my God they had me there for well over an hour.
The campsites in the rest of that row were empty.
I'm guessing because they were all down there in the mob of men. I got down to the end of that row and went down the next. HELL NO! I wasn't done flashing yet; it was only one in the morning, right? The way I looked at that mob of guys was it's just something that happens when you're flashing!
I flashed the next three rows of campsites. I got my ass felt up, my pussy played with, even got my sore nipples sucked a couple times, but nothing really special happened. As I turned the corner for the next to the last row I heard a deep low voice.
"Hey sweetheart," a man said in a calm low voice.
I looked around but didn't see anyone. He spoke again and I looked where the voice was coming from. That's when I saw a campsite sitting back in the trees at the end of the row. There were eight maybe ten men like in their thirties and fourties sitting around a campfire.
"Hey Sweetheart," I heard again. "You lost?" the man asked.
"Yeah. I mean no. Not lost. I just couldn't see you back there. I was trying to figure out who was talking to me," I replied with a tiny giggle.
"Well Hell. Come on over and have a beer," he suggested.
"Noo. Thanks. I think I've had enough beer." As I walked into their campsite I said, "But I will take a Pepsi if you got one."
He said, "SURE. Come on over and sit by the fire. It's a chilly night."
I was a bit leg weary from all the walking; plus, it had gotten pretty chilly and I wasn't wearing many clothes. I went into their campsite and sat down in a lawn chair facing the fire. With a natural flashing reflex I sat down with my legs spread and pulling my dress open so my bare cunt was visible. As I took a drink of Pepsi I looked around. It was no surprise that all the men were staring at my pussy.
"Damn Honey. I sure love the way you sit down," the one doing the talking said.
Playing the verbal game I acted like I had no idea what he was talking about and asked. "Why do you say that?"
While pointing at my pussy he said, "Because your whole pussy is showing sweetheart." All the other guys were nodding their heads in agreement with big smiles on their faces.
I loved playing these little verbal games. I kind of spread my legs even wider as I looked down between my legs and said, "And how does that have anything to do with the way I sit down?" While giving a big cheesy smile.
"Ohhhh. I guess it doesn't," he said with a grin.
"So what did you mean?" I asked trying to continue the verbal game and give him a chance at a come back.
"Oh. I don't know. I guess just wondering what kind of things you might sit on," he replied breaking into a chuckle in the last words.
"Ohhh! NOW! Just what do you mean by that?" I asked with a kind of sexy inquisitive look on my face.
"Well. He thought maybe you would like to go and sit down over there." He said while pointing at another man on the other side of the campfire.
Even with the campfire it was dark and hard to see. But there was no doubt there was a man sitting over there and holding straight up with his thumb a very thick and rather long very stiff dick. I can't begin to tell you how excited I got in an instant while trying to act cool at the same time.
"It's closer to the fire. You would be a lot warmer over there," the man said with another little chuckle at the end.
Playing the game I pointed at the man and said, "You, you want me. To sit over there. On That?"
"WHY NOT? Can't you take it?" The man with his cock out said. After a brief pause he said, "I mean. Can't you take the heat? You know being closer to the fire that is." He said with a bit of a sarcasam, and almost sadistic chuckle.
I didn't say anything and just sat there like thinking about it. Hell I was so turned on and that cock looked so big and inviting. I was about to say 'I don't know' when the man with his cock out spoke.
He said, almost ordering me (the chuckle gone from his voice), "HELL! Come on over here and sit on it!" Then said, "What's the matter. You afraid of this honey?" While slightly moving his big cock back and forth.
I always answer a challenge and asking me if I was afraid was definitely a challenge to me. You should have seen all of their faces as I sat my Pepsi down and stood up, unsnapping my dress and opening it up, pushing my dress to the outsides of my breasts.
All of the men said something in a low voice, "Oh Fuck. Whoa. Holy fucking shit. Gorgeous. Very nice." When they saw my full naked body for the first time.
I slowly moved towards the man, walking all the way around to the other side of the campfire, my breasts slowly moving up and down as I walked. As I got in front of the man I reached down and lifted my dress up above my waist. While turning around my back to him I stepped across his legs straddling them.
"Holy shit! Oh My God! Jesus H Christ!" Softly came from many of the men's mouths as they sat up straightat attention in their chairs.
The man slid down in his chair a little, kind of straightening out his legs and positioning his big cock right under my pussy. I was so turned on I couldn't believe it. The looks on all the men's faces watching was really turning me on. I bent my knees and lowered myself down slightly.
"Look at that pussy!" Several of the men said in a low voice as they saw my big swollen cunt lips hanging down.
I got almost to his cock and I stopped and stood back up straight. The look of disappointment went on every man's face. It was awesome just what I was hoping for actually. I was trying to act like I didn't know if I should do it or not. The man reached up with one hand, grabbed my hip and pulled me down. As I looked down between my legs I could see that he was holding his cock straight up and my cunt juice was dripping all over it. My cunt hole landed right on the big head of his cock. I stopped but he pulled down harder and the big head started splitting my pussy open stretching it out.
"Ohhhh! Ohhhhh!" Came out of my mouth as my pussy stretched opened. As he continued pulling me down I thought yet this was another first for me. I had never gone down on a cock with my pussy before. It was a lot different than a man shoving his cock in me.
He pulled down harder and with a painful pop the big head went up into my pussy. "OHHH!" OHHHH," I yelled out quickly from the stretching pain in my pussy trying to rise back up.
He was a lot thicker then I thought he was. The man let go of his cock and put both hands on my hips. He was pulling me down while I tried to stay up. Between my own weight and him pulling me down I could not stop him. He jerked down hard on my hips and with a big drop I went down at least half way on the big cock.
"OUCH!" OHH! OUCH! Ouch!" Blurted out of my mouth loud. The sudden wide stretching of my cunt hole hurt like hell.
The man lifted me up quickly and his cock fell out of my pussy. He let go with one hand and couldn't get his cock back up to my pussy quick enough. He pulled down again shoving the head back in my cunt. He slowly lowered me about half way down then back up several times. Then, as he was lowering me down on his big cock, he just let go of me and bang my full weight dropped me all the way down on his cock.
"OUCH! OUCH! OUCH!" Flew out of my mouth followed by, "Oh My God." It really did hurt as nearly the full length of his cock went up my cunt hole so quickly. He was much thicker and even longer than I thought. I started to pull myself up but the man grabbed my hips and held me down on the big cock. I was almost whimpering from the pain of the sudden stretching of my pussy so wide. "Ouch. Ouch. Oh my God," softly came out of my mouth.
"Take it easy babe. Relax. Take it easy," the man said to me in a low almost whispering voice.
He held me down on his big cock for the longest time then lifted me up about half way. He held me there for a second and lowered me back down. Again "Ouch," softly came out of my mouth. The severe pain was gone but it still hurt. I looked over at the guy that had first called me over to their campsite.
I said, "Your right!" After a little pause I said with a pained grin, "It is warmer over here."
"Yeah, I bet it is." the man said with a slight chuckle.
"DAMN! He's got a big dick!" I said with a bit of overwhelmingness in my voice while he slid me up and down the big shaft.
All the men broke out chuckling and laughing. One of them said, "A lot of dick huh?"
I just opened my eyes wide and rolled them and with a pained smile said, "OH YEAH!"
The man then lifted me all the way up only leaving the head of his cock in me. He lowered me all the way down as I moaned very loud. He lifted me all the way up and lowered me down for several minutes.
"HELL! I can't do shit in this position. How about letting me fuck you?" The man blurted out.
I wasn't sure what he meant and asked, "What? What? What do you want?"
"Here, get up for a second," he instructed as he lifted me up, standing me all the way up, his cock plopping down against his belly. He got up out of the chair quickly and said, "Here, come here." While grabbing my wrist and taking me over to a table and bent me over it.
He flipped my dress up to my shoulders and lifted my right leg up on the table. My right leg was bent at the knee and pushed way up on the table, my pussy all spread open for him to fuck. He may have also done it so all his buddies could see his big cock going in and out of my pussy. All the other men stood up I believe to block the view of anyone walking past. His big stiff cock was bouncing around as he moved.
"There we go. There we go." He said while spreading my right leg even more. "Oh Yeah! Now I can give you a real fuckin baby!" With that he grabbed his cock in his right hand and put it up to my cunt hole and shoved it in very deep.
"OHHHHH! OH MY GOD! Ouch!" I yelled out in painful ecstasy. Yes it hurt but felt great too. He gave me two strokes then shoved nearly all the way in my pussy. "OHHHH! Ouch. Ouch. OHHHHHHH! Came out of my mouth as it definitely went in deeper then it did when I was sitting on his lap.
"OH YEAH BABY! Now I can give you some meat," he said while sliding his cock nearly all the way in and out. He stopped with it about half way in, leaned over a bit and asked, "Can you take all of it baby? Huh. Can you take all of it?"
Without waiting for an answer he slid his cock in deep and I do mean deep. He put his hands on my ass spreading my butt cheeks open wide with his thumbs. He leaned in forcing his big cock in my pussy with a lot of force. I could actually feel my pussy stretching deep down in my cunt hole where a cock has never been before. The pain deep in my pussy was incredible as he relentlessly pushed in hard. I can so very clearly remember feeling my pussy slowly stretching and his big cock slowly sinking in deeper and deeper in my cunt hole. It was an unbelievable feeling, one I will never forget.
"You alright sweetie?" the head guy asked.
I couldn't answer... all I could do was moan and grunt as that big cock slowly sank in. It actually took quite a while before I felt his pubic bone smash up tight against my cunt hole, him still pushing in hard.
"Oh Yeah. Oh YEAH! It's all in there baby. It's all in there," he said triumphantly as though the conquering hero that had slain my pussy.
He kept in buried in my cunt me squirming on his big cock. He finally pulled nearly all the way out and slid it all the way back in giving an extra hard push a the end. He did that at least a dozen times and I swear it felt like it went in deeper each time.
"You okay sweetie?" The head guy asked again leaning in by my head where the side of my face was pressed down tight against the table top.
In a very slow and stressed voice I said, "OHH Jesus! He's got a big cock!"
With a slight chuckle he said, "YEP. That's a fact sweetie. He has got a big cock." He chuckled again and said, "Hey, a little advice?"
"What's That?" I said in an even more strained broken voice.
"HOLD ON!" He replied with a lot of sadistic tone in his voice.
Before I could even ask what he meant by that the man started banging his cock in my pussy. I mean full length strokes, or should I say thrusts. Pulling his cock nearly all the way out and then banging it all the way in hard. Bang, bang, bang one stroke right after another non stop.
"AH! AHHHH! AHHHHHH! OH! MY! GOD!" Came out of my mouth followed by the loudest grunts you ever heard every time he banged his cock all the way in my pussy. It hurt, it felt fantastic, it hurt, it felt awesome, it hurt and felt totally unbelievable. I was getting the deepest thickest fucking of my life and I couldn't begin to tell you how great it was. I'm only guessing but I would say he was a good eight inches long and like wow thick.
I let out loud, "AHHH'S! OHHHH'S! AHHHH'S!" As I had big uncontrollable orgasms, the juice being forced out between his thick cock and my tight pussy every time he shoved his cock in deep. "OH MY GOD! OH MY GOD! OH MY GOD! OH MY GOD!" Came out of my mouth repeatedly in an almost muffled voice.
Everything was so intense in my pussy I couldn't believe it and the man never let up not for a second. Bang, bang, bang... one full length thrust after another... and it went on for the longest time. It was like I couldn't wait for it to end but at the same time wishing it never would end. This time I will say what men always say. I was really getting the meat laid to me and I was getting it laid to me like I had never had before. He kept pushing on the inside of my thigh trying to spread my legs wider, only they were spread as wide as they could go.
"AHH. AHHH! AHHHHH!" Started coming from his mouth.
His strokes into my pussy slowed but became even harder. The slower the strokes got the harder he slammed his cock in my pussy. He buried his cock in my pussy and held it there for a second. He pulled nearly all the way out and gave me at least a dozen very hard thrusts that actually moved the big table I was bent over. He slammed his cock in my pussy and held it buried as I felt his huge, very warm loads of cum shooting so deep in my cunt.
He moaned loud, "AHHH. AHHH! AHHH," as he unloaded his cum.
The man stayed leaning over me for several seconds panting as though trying to get his breath. He pulled back a couple inches and ground his cock deep in my pussy several times before stopping. He stood up and so very slowly pulled his cock out of my pussy. It felt like a big log sliding out of my cunt. His cock came out and dropped straight down, his cum and mine pouring out of my pussy and onto the ground.
He slapped me on my right butt cheek pretty hard and said, "You have one nice pussy darling." Then bent over and pulled up his shorts.
I stood up and said, "And you have one big cock!" While giving my cunt a little rub. "You have a bathroom I could use?" I asked.
"SURE. Right in here," the head guy said while showing me the way to their camper.
I freshened up everything and came back out. I'm always nervous when I come back out after doing something like this. I never know what to say and am always wondering what they will say.
"Sit down and get warm. You want a beer now?
"OR! How about a cup of coffee," a different guy asked.
"Yeah coffee. Coffee sounds great," I replied. Other than it being so chilly out I don't know why coffee sounded so good.
"Black?" He asked.
"Yes. Coffee's the only thing I like black," I replied with a little joking giggle. All the other guys laughed at my black comment. It was a line I had heard many times and it just popped out of my mouth for what ever reason. The fact is I had never met a black person my whole life.
They started asking me about flashing. Wanted to know if it was my first time here and what else had happened like sex and so on. I can't believe how much I got into telling them about some of my different sexual experiences I had flashing at the races both last year and this year. They especially liked the balance beam I walked on last year and the pussy lips through the hole in the chair this year. I was there for quite a while drinking a couple cups of coffee.
I said, "Well. I should be moving along; it's getting pretty late."
I was still sitting in the lawn chair when I said that. Just as I was about to stand up the man that had fucked me stepped right in front of me. His cock was still big and thick (even though soft), and was sticking out of his shorts. He reached down and lifted it up positioning the head only inches from my face.
"You ever suck a cock this big?" He asked with a bit a sadistic lust in his voice. I just sat there looking at the big cock of course not saying anything. "WELL, have you?" he asked. After a couple seconds he asked again, "Have you? Have you ever sucked a cock this big?" While very slowly stroking his cock and stretching it out long towards my mouth.
"Noooo." I said in a long drawn out way.
He said, "Well Hell. Give it a try. See how you like it," while stepping closer the head of his big cock only and inch away from mouth. Great big beads of pre-cum were oozing out his cum hole one after another and steadily dripping to the ground.
"Come on honey. Just open your mouth and I'll slide it right in," the man requested.
Did I want to? Yes. Did it look disgusting with the big beads of cum oozing out of the end of it? Yes. He moved even closer until the tip of his cock went up against my lips.
"Come on... open up baby," he said demandingly, almost ordering me to open my mouth as a lot of his pre-cum came out of his cock, onto my lips and ran down my chin. "Open up and suck my cock.
NOW!" He ordered.
He grabbed the back of my head and pulled hard, squishing the head of his cock against my lips. I only slightly opened my mouth and he pushed his cock in forcing my mouth open. The big head went in my mouth and he continued pushing in and pulling on the back of my head until my mouth was nearly full of his big fat cock.
I made the sounds, "UMM. UMM." as his cock forced my mouth wide open.
"Ohhhhhh, that's it baby. That's it," he said while moaning, "Now suck it honey. SUCK IT!"
I pulled my head back pulling his cock out of my mouth (everything except the head) and then slowly went back down until my mouth was full of his cock. I slide my mouth up and down his cock over and over. I will always remember how exciting it was actually feeling his cock getting harder, getting stiff, growing in thickness, getting fatter and longer by the second, right inside my mouth. I will never forget the pungent taste of the pre-cum on my tongue. It was really turning me on like you wouldn't believe; I could feel the juice trickling out of my pussy. After sliding my mouth up and down on his cock about fourty or fifty times, he started to pull on the back of my head, forcing his cock even deeper in my mouth.
He totally filled my mouth and was trying to force the big head down my throat. Now I've sucked quite a few dicks, but they were mostly high school boys. That's a whole other story. The thing is I have always been able to deep throat every dick I ever sucked. I didn't even know what gag reflex was back then, as I do now. Well, I never had the gag reflex thing. I had always been able to deep throat. But I never tried it with a cock this long and especially this thick. Still, the man pulled on the back of my head forcing the head into my throat. I was nervous and very excited and was doing my best to relax but it wasn't easy. Just as I relaxed a little bit he did it; he shoved the big head down into my throat.
"AHHHHH! AHHHHHHH! Oh yeah that's it babe. That's it. Suck it deep baby," the man said repeatedly.
He wasn't being an idiot... he wasn't trying to shove it down my throat on every stroke; he would do it every third stroke which I got used to and was prepared. The head of his cock went into my throat the first four times but on the fifth he pulled harder on the back of my head. The big head of his cock went down my throat and I could feel more of his cock sliding in past my lips. I kind of twisted my head almost in a panic because I couldn't breath.
He pulled back pulling his cock all the way out except for the head. I gasped for air taking in a couple of deep breaths. He wasn't waiting as he filled my mouth with cock again. He pulled hard on the back of my head again forcing the big cock down my throat. He kept shoving as his cock slowly moved further in.
"Can you take all of it?" He asked with kind of a sadistic lust in his voice. "How about it baby.
Can you take it all?" He asked as he continued to force his cock down my throat. Then I felt his pubic hair tickling my nose. Again I twisted my head and moaned. He pulled back sliding his cock all the way out of my mouth.
He bent over close to my head and said, "You suck good baby," with an excited voice. "Open wide baby. Open wide," he exclaimed while shoving his fully hard cock back in my mouth and filling it completely.
He pulled back and pushed in tightening his grip on the back of my head. He kept pushing in till the head of his cock went down my throat and he kept pushing. He stopped for a second as his pubic hair again hit my nose. Then continued shoving in until his pubic bone was smashed up tight against my lips. Now he had his cock buried all the way down my throat.
He pulled out, let me take a breath of air, and then went right back down my throat. Five times in a row he buried his cock in my throat. Ten times, fifteen times in a row he buried his cock down my throat. His cock had grown very thick, especially the huge head. He fucked just my mouth for at least twenty strokes then slid it back down my throat. He started moaning in a low deep voice.
"Ahhh. Ahhh! Suck It Baby. Suck It! AHHHH!" He said repeatedly as he stood there stiff and motionless while I slid my mouth up and down his huge cock. He grabbed the back of my head again and shoved his cock down my throat and let out very loud, "AHHHH! AHHHH! AHHHH!" As he shot one then two then three big loads of warm cum down my throat.
"Ohhh. FUCK!" He moaned as the fourth big load
of cum went down my throat.
I again twisted my head but he wasn't ready to pull it out. He had a firm grip on the back of my head and with his big cock buried down my throat I couldn't do anything to get him to pull it out.
He relaxed and let his cock back out of my throat and into my mouth. Cum was still cumming out of his cock and it had a very bitter taste as it covered my tongue. He pulled back and pushed in filling my mouth three or four times, spewing more cum in my mouth. It was still very fat but getting softer and it dropped straight down as he pulled it out of my mouth.
"Whoa! That was some blow job baby. DAMN! That was nice!" The man proclaimed rather loud. All the other men did a quiet applause, so to speak.
"How ya doing? You okay sweetheart? The kind of head guy asked.
I said, like out of breath, "That's a really big dick," while twisting my head to one side, and opening and shutting my mouth, like trying to check to see if my jaw was still working okay. All the men chuckled in an excited sort of way.
"Here! Let me do something for you," the man I just sucked off said while grabbing my arm and having me stand up.
I thought now what as he took me about three steps to the table where he fucked me. He put his hands under my arms and lifted me up on the table and laid me back on my elbows. Before I knew it he had lifted my feet up on the table and had my legs spread open. He leaned down and started licking my pussy very firmly with his tongue. I mean he was licking my entire pussy from my ass hole all the way up past my clit with his big wide tongue. He sucked in my cunt lips sucked in my clit and buried his tongue in my cunt hole. Oh my how great it felt.
"Ohhh. OHHHH. OHHHHHH! OHHHHHH!" started coming from my mouth right away. I was so turned on from sucking his big cock that my pussy was ready to pop. I grabbed the edge of the table with my hands as globs of juice poured out of my pussy. I guess the other men got tired of just watching and they all moved in around the table. Just like that hands were all over my body again,
rubbing my inner thighs, feeling my breasts and squeezing my very sore nipples. At that point I didn't care what they did to me. I was so turned on all I wanted to do was have orgasms!
I couldn't help myself. I laid down flat on my back and lifted my legs up. I pulled them back and spread them wide open hooking my arms behind my knees. Of course the men all took that as do what ever you want. The nipple squeezing quickly turned into nipple sucking. One guy even started kissing me. My pussy was going crazy, one orgasm after another, and boy did those guys ever like watching my pussy cum. Juice was pouring out of me. This went on for a good half an hour. The man with the big cock eating my pussy stood up, his shorts still open and his big cock was hard again.
He grabbed my hips and pulled me across the table until my little butt was hanging over the edge of it. He stepped right up between my spread legs and rammed his big cock nearly all the way in my cunt hole on the first thrust.
"OHHH! OUCH! Oh My Gaaa!" Came out of my mouth quickly as he stretched my pussy wide open again.
By natural reflex I close my legs but he grabbed them and spread them back open. "OH MY. OH MY. OHH. OHH," again came out of my mouth as the man slowly slid his cock half way in and out of my cunt. The men spread my legs even wider apart as the man slid his cock all the way in my cunt hole. Again my cunt erupted with big orgasm.
"Oh My God. Oh My God. Oh My God!" came flying out of my mouth. I couldn't believe he was fucking me again.
"She is so fucking wet. DAMN! She's got a hot pussy!" The man fucking me said as though amazed.
His big cock felt so good going all the way in and out of my cunt! One of the other men reached in from my side and started flipping my clit very firmly. It drove me wild and I spread my legs wider and humped my cunt up for him to fuck. He instantly started fucking me harder, banging his cock in my cunt hole hard. Bang, bang, bang... one stroke after another.
"AHHH! AHHH! AHHH!" I grunted out loud each time he buried his cock in me. He Bang Bang Banged his cock in my pussy for more then a half an hour. He banged into my pussy so hard that the other men had to hold me in place to keep the table from flipping over or me getting pushed off. Relentlessly he banged his cock deep in my hole as I held on tight to the edge of the table.
"Ahh! AHH! AHHHHH!" Came from the man's mouth as he slammed his cock in my pussy extremely hard then held it buried deep in my pussy. He shot yet another load of cum in me followed by several short but deep strokes. I could feel his cock getting softer right in my pussy. As he pulled his cock out of my hole his cock again dropped straight down and I got up to my elbows. All the men must have taken this as a sign and they all let go of me and backed away. This without a doubt was the best sex I had yet at the races! I was really getting to love big cock and boy I sure got one tonight.
I again used the bathroom in their camper to freshen everything up. When I came out the guys asked me to spend the night. I can't say I didn't want to but knew I better get home. I said my goodbyes and headed off for the slide.
NOPE! I wasn't done flashing yet even though it was nearly five in the morning. When I got to the slide no one was there. I looked around and hell, there was no one out. I left my dress open and walked back to my car. I started the car and turned on the heat. Then leaned the seat back to rest for a moment, my dress wide open and my naked body fully exposed. I fell asleep; can you believe it... I fell sound asleep.
About forty five minutes later I was awoken from knocking on the window. I looked out and there was a cop. I thought 'oh shit I'm in trouble' now. I was half asleep and didn't even realize that my whole naked body was exposed as I opened the window. As usual I didn't say anything. Hell I had no idea what to say.
"Are you okay?" The officer asked me.
'Ah. Yeah. YES. I guess I was more tired than I thought." It was the only thing I could think to say; but in my mind, I was thinking I'm in trouble now.
To my surprise he said, "Okay. Be careful driving home. Okay."
I thought 'wow' what a break. It wasn't till I put the car in gear that I noticed my dress was wide open and the cop was looking at my naked body. Hey, another first for me... HAH! Well I never closed my dress and drove home. I took my shower, and like always, laid down on my bed spread out naked to again go over my sexual exploits of the night. I was so beat I don't remember anything until I woke up at four in the afternoon.
Well, that was my second Indy 500. Now I'm going to be off for college in two months missing the brickyard race. Bummer! As always my stories are one hundred percent true in a timeline of my real life. I can tell you that after college my life gets extremely interesting. So if you like my stories keep an eye open for them. Hope you liked this one. Bye for now, Kathy.