This story is a work of fiction. Any similarities between any characters in this story and any real persons, living or dead, are unintended and completely coincidental. Some real institutions are mentioned in this story but, insofar as the author knows, no real person associated with those institutions has acted as my characters do.
This is a continuation of my story "The Virtual Meeting." I strongly recommended reading the first chapter of the story before you read this chapter to put this chapter in context.
I encourage comments on this story, both favorable and unfavorable. Thank you for reading.
_______________
About two hours before the next Friday's virtual meeting, I stripped down and put on an apron I had bought that week. After all, Nancy and I had agreed that we'd only wear aprons. Nancy arrived at my house about an hour later. "Sorry," she said, "some things came up at the office that kept me late."
It was a cold January evening, and I was a little surprised to see bare legs below Nancy's overcoat. She put her purse and what looked like a case for a laptop computer on the floor. She took her coat off, revealing that she was wearing an apron underneath. The apron covered her from below her shoulders, also bare, to just above mid-thigh. At most, she could only be wearing panties underneath it. Nancy was smiling as she asked, "like it?"
"Very much," I replied.
"Let's see if you like it from behind," Nancy said. She turned her back to me. The apron tied just above her ass, giving me a view of her bare back and gorgeous bare ass. It was beautiful and very sexy.
"I love it," I said. "Is that all you wore over here?"
Nancy turned back to face me. She smiled. "Of course," she replied. "We said only aprons." She paused and looked me up and down. "I'm not taken with that apron of yours," she said.
"Why not?" I asked.
"It's too long," Nancy replied. "It covers your dick." She bent down, opened her large purse, and pulled out a small bag from a local cookware store. "I got you this," she said as she pulled a short blue and white striped apron from the bag. "Try it on."
I reached behind myself and untied the apron I was wearing. I lifted the apron over my head and stood nude in front of Nancy. Nancy looked me up and down again. I must admit that it felt good to be standing nude in front of such a beautiful woman. "To hell with an apron," Nancy said, "I like you better that way." She grabbed my apron out of my hand and tossed it onto a table in my front hall and tossed the apron she had brought for me on top of it.
"I'll stay this way," I said, "provided your apron comes off too."
Nancy's smile widened. "I thought you'd never ask," she said flirtatiously. She reached back, untied her apron, and pulled it off. She balled the apron up and tossed it on top of the other two. The she squared her shoulders, put a hand on each hip, and stood nude in front of me.
I knew from having seen her professionally that Dr. Nancy Henderson was a beautiful woman clothed. I also knew from having seen her on my computer screen a week earlier that she was more beautiful nude. I was not, however, prepared for what she looked like nude in person. The computer image I'd seen last week, although live, failed to capture the subtlety of her body in three dimensions, the texture of her skin, or the aura of sexiness that emanated from her. I looked at Nancy quite a while before uttering one word: "Wow!"
"You said exactly the right thing," Nancy said with a chuckle. "Now, would you please pick up the black bag and lead me to where your computer is set up?" I picked up the thing that looked like a computer bag. Its weight convinced me that's what it was. As we walked back to my home office, Nancy said, "I brought my laptop. If we both log in with our own computers, we can provide two views to the rest of the group and," she chuckled again, "I've got some ideas about that."
In my office, I put Nancy's bag on a table opposite my computer table. Nancy set up her laptop and then pulled out a small cylindrical object with a long lead. "This," Nancy explained, "is a small webcam which you hold. We bought it for the practice with the idea that it would give us greater flexibility to transmit images of something on a patient's skin to other consulting physicians. We haven't used it much, but I thought it might come in handy tonight."
"How so?" I asked.
Nancy connected the small camera to her laptop and brought up the appropriate application. An image of a wall of my office appeared on her screen. "Sit down," Nancy said. I sat in my office chair. "Spread your legs," she directed. I did that. Nancy knelt in front of me holding the small camera. An image of my dick and balls appeared on her screen. She touched a small button on the camera, and it zoomed in on the head of my dick. "What I'm thinking," Nancy said, "is we can position this camera, so it shows everyone your dick in my cunt and use your webcam to show people our faces."
That sounded fun. I swapped chairs to get one without arms and we spent twenty minutes or so figuring out where to position the mini camera to showed dick in cunt if we fucked with Nancy in my lap. That turned out to require taping the camera to me just above my hip bone and a bit towards my mid-line. "Don't lean forward," Nancy said.
It was time to log in when we had that worked out. I logged in on my computer and Nancy logged in through her laptop. We were the first ones to join the group. Amanda greeted us with, "Two computers, but you're together in the same place?"
"Yes," Nancy replied. "Look at my feed and you'll get the idea." As she said that, Nancy wrapped a hand around my dick and began stroking me.
"That's nice," Amanda said. She paused and then giggled. "I think I know what you're planning," she said. "I love it!"
Christy, Louise and Ed, Patsy, and Jan joined the meeting. We all chatted for a few minutes. Nancy was continuing to stroke me, and I'd started fingering her. Suddenly, Jeff put the image of Nancy's hand going up and down my shaft on everyone's screens. Amanda said, "we wanted you all to see what Nancy's been doing while we talked."
At first, I was a bit embarrassed that seven people I barely knew were looking at a live picture of my erect dick. That passed very quickly. Nancy whispered in my ear, "you like them seeing you, don't you?" She was right. Being exposed like that was a turn-on.
After a moment more, Nancy stopped stroking and announced to the group, "I think I need to get more involved." She straddled me, re-took my dick in her left hand, and guided me into her as she lowered herself into my lap. The computers were set up to my right and left. If I looked right, I saw on Nancy's computer the image of her slowly sliding down my dick. If I looked left to my computer, I saw both of our faces. I hadn't realized I was smiling.
Nancy began riding me. I leaned forward to suck one of her nipples. "Keep your back against the chair," Nancy instructed. "Otherwise, you'll move the small camera." I glanced at her laptop. She was right, leaning forward aimed the camera down towards my thigh instead of at her sliding up and down on my dick. When Nancy leaned forward to kiss me, her mid-section covered what we wanted the others to see. So, we kept our upper bodies apart and just looked at each other. That was ok with me. Nancy became more beautiful as she became more aroused.
I'm not going to claim to have had extensive sexual experience prior to that night, but I had previously had sex with a few women. My prior experience had been that the first time with a new partner was a little awkward as you both needed some trial and error to learn what the other liked best. There was none of that with Nancy. From the moment I was in her, I was more intensely stimulated that I had been with anyone else. From Nancy's face, I guessed that it was working well for her too. Of course, she was in control and doing all the work.
Nancy had me close to coming much quicker than I thought proper. I tried to hold back and said, "let's slow down."
"No," Nancy replied. "Let it go. I'll be right there with you." She shifted position slightly and sped up. I had never felt anything quite like that before.
Very quickly, I felt myself about to shoot. "I'm coming," I said.
"So . . . am . . . I," Nancy replied. She threw her head back and thrust her tits out and up. That incredible image, coupled with the sensations she was giving me, sent me over. As I shot inside her, she raised her legs and wrapped them around me and the chair back. That small change of position was, apparently, what she needed. She yelped and shuddered. Then, she relaxed her legs, leaned her tits into my face, and kissed the top of my head.
We held that position, letting our breathing slow, until we heard Christy over our speakers say, "that was pretty hot."
"Well done," Jeff said.
"I think our group has a new couple," Amanda added. At that, Nancy leaned back. We looked in each other's eyes for a moment. Then, we kissed on the lips. That was our way of confirming that, at least for this group, we were a couple.
Nancy finally stood up and let me slip out of her. She sat back down in my lap. We watched as Ed fucked Louise from behind. Louise and Ed were both a bit overweight and not, in any standard sense, physically attractive. But it was endearing to watch them pleasure each other. After they came, the group watched Christy get herself off with a new vibrator.
After Christy came, everyone took a break to get something to drink. I learned that Nancy shared my preference for red wine. Drinks in hand, everyone talked about a variety of subjects for over an hour. The session ended with Patsy, a beautiful woman, doing herself with a large white dildo. The contrast between the dildo and Patsy's dark skin made her self-pleasure seem more erotic.
Nancy and I did not fix the dinner I'd planned for that Friday night. Instead, we talked for a long time. "Mom and dad were pretty casual about wearing clothes as I was growing up," Nancy said. "My body developed relatively early. One summer while I was in my teens, we took a family vacation to a Caribbean island. There was a nude beach on the island that Mom and Dad wanted to try. They wanted me and my sister to stay at the resort, but we were both incredibly curious and made a big enough stink that our parents relented and let us go with them."
Nancy took a sip of her wine. I had dimmed the lights and lit a candle. The way the candlelight played on Nancy's face and body convinced me that she was the most beautiful woman alive. I was perfectly content to just look at her and listen to her story.
"Part of it, I'm sure," Nancy said as she continued, "was the beach itself. It was gorgeous. It wasn't packed, but there were a lot of people already there when the four of us arrived. Almost everyone was nude. I hadn't seen anything like that before, but it made perfect sense to me. It was the few people with suits on who looked out of place, almost, to me, like someone wearing a Halloween costume in a cathedral. My sister Alicia didn't want to take her suit off, but I had to."
Nancy took another sip of wine. "It was exquisite to be naked in the warm sunshine in such a beautiful place." She grinned, "but, I noticed something else. Alicia and I took a walk along the beach. People, especially men, were looking at me. The way they were looking at me was exciting. Instead of being embarrassed that people were looking at my naked body, I was getting turned on. When we got back to where our parents were lying, I could see that Dad was looking at me too." Nancy gave an almost shy smile. "Anyway, that's how I became both a nudist and an exhibitionist. When I got married, I tried to put that behind me, pretend that it was just a youthful phase. That didn't work. I need to be seen. My husband did not understand or sympathize, so we divorced."
I said that I had been to nude beaches a few times in Florida a few years back, but I hadn't thought of going nude or being seen nude as a significant aspect of my life.
Nancy giggled. "So, I awoke the exhibitionist in you? You have to admit that it's pretty hot to be fucking knowing that other people are watching you." She was right about that.
"How did you hook up with Amanda, Jeff, and the virtual group?" I asked.
"I started doing yoga after my divorce and got into one of Amanda's classes," Nancy replied. "We became friends. I guess Amanda sensed my inclinations because she asked me once after class if I enjoy people seeing my nude body. I admitted that I do. Covid hit just after that. Amanda had to stop in-person classes, but she had set up virtual classes by last August. I guess that gave her the idea for our group. She called me in September and asked me to join. Everyone in the group except you and Ed has either done yoga with Amanda or used Jeff as a personal trainer."
Nancy stayed that Friday night, and the next night, and most of Sunday. We both stayed nude the entire time. Our relationship began due based solely to physical/sexual attraction. By the time Nancy left on Sunday evening, it was a lot more than that. She was intelligent, funny, kind, and patient. We also had several shared interests, beyond wine, ranging from a love of sports and mystery novels to Bruce Springsteen.
Our relationship deepened with irrational speed. Within a couple of weeks, Nancy was spending more nights at my house than her condo. She moved in clothes, toiletries, and books because, she said, my house was about twelve minutes closer to her office than her condo in the city. I was thrilled to have her. It very quickly reached the point that the house seemed empty when she wasn't there. The rules on restaurants being open kept changing, but we did manage to go out to dinner together a few times.
At the end of one of our Friday night virtual sessions in February, Amanda announced that she was starting a virtual nude yoga class on Wednesday nights. That led to me clearing part of another room to create space for Nancy and me to do yoga together and buying another computer to set up in that room. I'd never done yoga before and, honestly, doubt whether I'd have stayed with it had I not had Nancy's gorgeous nude body next to me and Amanda's almost as gorgeous nude body on the computer screen in front of me.
The set up for Amanda's nude yoga classes was interesting. Those of us in the class could only see Amanda, but not the other virtual class members. Amanda, however, could, apparently, see everyone in the class. She would regularly give someone advice or instruction by name.
Nancy and I were too young to be eligible, yet, for the Covid vaccines that were becoming available. However, we were both getting tested regularly and both consistently tested negative. That fact, I hope coupled with my improvement at yoga, led Amanda to make a proposal to Nancy and me. "I'm building a good group in the nude yoga class," she said. "Depending on the week, I've got between 35 and 45 people in the class. Yoga is better in the nude and people don't mind stripping down in their own homes." Amanda smiled. "But" she continued, "I don't want people to get bored with just me to look at. Since we're all negative, and so is Jeff, why don't the two of you come over to our place and take the class in person. That way, everyone taking the class virtually will have the two of you and me to look at." She smiled again and added, "I won't charge you for the class if you take it in person."
Doing yoga nude for an audience of 35 to 45 people was an opportunity that Nancy and I simply couldn't turn down. We were at Amanda and Jeff's house the following Wednesday evening. Amanda and Jeff had what amounted to a webcam studio in their house. Amanda gave clothed yoga classes, and her nude class, from it and Jeff used it to lead fitness classes. The room had cameras mounted just about everywhere but the floor. In a corner was a desk and a console from which Jeff or Amanda could select the image or images fed out to the class participants. However, the images of the people in the class only appeared on a screen mounted on a podium at one end of the room. You could only see the people taking the class virtually if you were at the podium.
Amanda had Nancy and me strip off in another room. We waited outside the studio while she started the class and came in on her cue. She introduced us to the class and explained that we were friends whom she had asked to join the class in person. On the wall opposite the podium was a large monitor on which we could see Amanda and ourselves. Next to it was a slightly smaller screen displaying a list of first names. At a glance, it seemed about equally divided between male and female names.
As we were standing being introduced by Amanda, another name, Brittany, appeared at the top of the list. Amanda, who was standing beside the podium, interrupted her introduction. "Brittany," Amanda said, "I'm disappointed. This is nude yoga, not thong yoga. Come on, get the thong off. You're at home. Who can see you?" Amanda paused for a moment, then said, "doesn't that feel more comfortable?"
Amanda led the class through about a half hour of positions before we took a break. Given all the cameras, and knowing that Jeff was controlling the feed, I was sure the people in the class had seen all of Nancy and me. That made me feel good for some reason.
During the break, Amanda came up to us. I was worried that I might piss off Nancy because Amanda looked much better nude in person than she did on a computer screen that I couldn't help but look. "We're going to do another half hour," Amanda said. "When we finish the class, I'd like the two of you to hug. Hug like you are really into each other."
Nancy looked at me, smiled, and said, "that won't be difficult." Those words made me feel good. As Amanda went to Jeff, Nancy smiled and softly said, "I think she's hot too."
Per instructions, Nancy and I ended the class in an embrace, each with both hands on the other's bare ass pulling our bodies together and kissing. Amanda and Jeff liked our performance and we enjoyed being exposed to people we couldn't see. Nancy and I became regulars on Amanda's nude yoga class feed.
On the Friday after our third in-person nude yoga class, I had to go to court in person. My client felt that the company on the other side of his case had violated a court order. I had filed a motion for sanctions against the opposing client. The judge wanted to see us all, including the clients, in person. On our side of the case, there was only my client and me. The other side appeared through a half dozen people: two company officers, three lawyers, and a paralegal.
The hearing lasted several hours. At the end of it, the Judge took our motion under consideration. My client had to be somewhere and left the courtroom immediately. The two older male lawyers on the other side left with the two company officers, leaving the mildly attractive female associate attorney and the more attractive female paralegal to pack up their papers and exhibits. The only people left in the court room were me and the two women from the other side.
I hadn't brought as much stuff as the other side, but I too had some things to pack up. As I was doing that, the paralegal came over to my table. "Mr. Benz," she said. I turned to face her. She was a pretty woman. "I just wanted to tell you I enjoy seeing you in Amanda's yoga class. You've got a great body and so does your friend Nancy."
I didn't have time to decide whether to be embarrassed or flattered because the young woman attorney stepped across the small distance between the two counsel tables. "Danielle," the attorney said, "you're in Amanda's yoga class too?"
"The nude one," Danielle replied.
"Yeah," the young lawyer said. She hesitated for a moment before adding, "so am I." She looked closely at me and said, "damn, you're the Peter from the class." With a hint of panic, the young woman asked, "you can't see us during class, can you?"
"No," I replied, "only Amanda can see the people taking the class virtually."
The young lawyer exhaled. "Thank god!"
"I don't know Brit" Danielle said, "it might be fun to have Mr. Benz see us naked."
I mentioned the exchange that night during our virtual meeting. Jan, the court reporter, laughed. "I know both Danielle and Brittany," she said. "I can see Danielle doing nude yoga, but Brittany surprises me. She gives me the impression that she only breathes because she thinks it will help her make partner." Jan chuckled and added, "maybe she should let the current partners what her in class."
"Would anyone want to see her naked," Ed asked. "No offense, but a naked lawyer doesn't sound too appealing to me."
"Thank you, Ed," I interjected.
"I know the two girls you are talking about," Amanda said. "Trust me Ed, you'd enjoy seeing either of those girls with nothing on. Sorry Peter, I can't let you see them. That would breach what I told people when they signed up for the class."
"I guess you'll just have to keep looking at my bare tits, ass, and pussy," Nancy said with a laugh.
"And mine," Jan added.
"And mine," Patsy said.
"And mine," Christy added.
"And mine," Louise chimed in.
"That's the beauty of this group," Amanda said. "We all enjoy being seen by each other, not just nude but fucking and jacking and jilling off. Since you started the conversation Peter, why don't you jack off for us. Think about Danielle and Brittany at home, naked, watching you and Nancy and me naked in the studio."
"Onto my tits?" Nancy asked.
"Sure," Amanda replied. "Peter, jack off onto Nancy's tits." I did.
The onset of spring coincided with some changes in the group. Jan dropped out. She had gotten a new boyfriend and was afraid to tell him about our Friday night online exhibition sessions. However, the group grew by one. Patsy had a new boyfriend whom she had told about the group. Marques (pronounced "Markus") was enthusiastic.
At Patsy's request, Amanda and Jeff allowed Marques in. Marques had been a college track athlete and still appeared to be in exceptional condition. Conforming to a stereotype, Marques was also exceptionally well endowed. His first night with the group, he and Patsy unselfconsciously fucked for us. It was one of the more erotic things I've ever seen. Nancy and I would become close to Patsy and Marques and would learn that they are both special people.
The other addition to the group was Christy's new partner Karen. Like Christy, Karen was "in law enforcement." While Christy was a petite blonde, Karen was a busty brunette. Christy and Karen were the only same-sex couple in the group. I think there was some dominance/submission in their relationship because Christy enjoyed having us watch Karen spank her bare ass during our virtual meetings.
We all agreed that ten was a good number of people for our group. "That's not to say," Jeff announced, "that we'll never let anyone else in."
"But" Amanda added, "we'd need a good reason."
Our Friday night sessions got longer. The point of being in the group was to show off. Since there were now five couples, we thought each couple should be able to do something every Friday while the rest of us watched. What each couple did was up to them, although we all tried to be arousing for the others.
By May, Nancy and I were living together full time at my house. She'd put her condo on the market. Nancy decreed that clothing was not allowed unless we were driving t and from some place where we had to be clothed. With warmer weather, we spent a lot of time outside nude. I had neighbors, but none close and you couldn't even see other houses once the trees leafed out.
Nancy and I were sunning nude on my back patio one Sunday when Nancy said, "given how private it is here, we should have the Friday night group come over."
"Do you think everyone would want to get together in person?" I asked. "Being together in person is different from showing off online."
"I'm sure Amanda and Jeff would come," Nancy replied. "I don't know about the others, but it can't hurt to ask. We can have a nude cookout."
Nancy brought the cookout idea up the next Friday night. She was correct that Amanda and Jeff were enthusiastic. Louise and Ed and Christy and Karen were not interested, but Patsy and Marques were. We agreed on Saturday a week later.
Just after our Friday night session ended around 11:00 p.m., Nancy and I each got e-mail from Amanda asking us to log into another virtual meeting. This meeting was Amanda, Jeff, Patsy, Marques, Nancy, and me. Amanda was not as assertive as usual. Somewhat hesitantly, she said, "I didn't want to bring this up in front of the others, and you guys may not like the idea, but I was thinking, that the six of us will be together in person. We've all watched each other fuck and suck our regular partners. To add a little spice, why don't we swap partners next Saturday?"
Patsy asked the direct question: "You're suggesting that, a week from tomorrow, we all get together and Peter will fuck me, Marques will fuck you, and Jeff will fuck Nancy?"
"Yeah, that's pretty much what I had in mind," Amanda replied.
My physician girlfriend asked, "No one has an STD or Covid, right?"
Marques asked, "Nancy, are you willing to take our word for it?"
"Yes, Marques, I am," Nancy replied. "If we're going to do what Amanda suggests, there is going to have to be complete trust between the six of us."
"So," Patsy asked, "we are going to do this?"
"I guess so," Nancy replied.
Patsy's gorgeous face broke into a smile showing her perfect white teeth. "Great," she said, "this will be fun."
"One other condition," I added. "The very first time Nancy came here, the only thing she wore was an apron. So, my condition is that the four of you drive out here naked, without any clothes or anything you can cover up with in your cars."
"Of course," Amanda replied.
"That will be fun," Marques added.
Nancy and I talked more between ourselves about the partner swapping. Being watched having sex with each other was something we both enjoyed. Watching Nancy be fucked by Jeff or Marques, and me fuck Patsy or Amanda, was a different matter. We talked it through at length. Nancy finally resolved the discussion by saying, "First, we won't how we each react to it if we don't try it. Second, Amanda and Jeff and Patsy and Marques are special friends. There is already almost nothing we don't know about each other sexually. Third, and this is critical, just because another man gives me physical pleasure does not mean that I love you any less." That was the first time Nancy had said the words "I love you" to me. We confirmed our mutual agreement by fucking over it.
Karen had to work a special event the following Friday night and Louise and Ed had something going on with Louise's family, so we cancelled that Friday's virtual meeting. Amanda, Jeff, Patsy, Marques, Nancy, and I would see, and feel, each other the next day. Nancy and I were both excited about the prospect of having sex with our friends. That prompted some great sex between us that Friday night. Unfortunately, no one was watching.
I commented earlier on how much more appealing Amanda is in person as compared to online. I learned that the same was true of Patsy that Saturday. I was, then, reasonably muscular; but I felt flabby in comparison to Marques. I was standing next to him on my patio when Amanda walked up to us. She reached her hands out and grasped Marques' dick in her left hand and mine in her right. "These are two appealing penises," she said. "I want to feel them both inside me before we leave."
Nancy, looking positively glorious in her bare skin in the sunlight, laid a cushion from one of my lounge chairs on the patio. "We are planning a lot of sex today," she said, "so we'd best get started. Guests go first so, Amanda, Marques?"
Amanda was smiling as she let go of me and stroked Marques' dick with one hand while cupping his balls with the other. Marques leaned forward and began sucking one of Amanda's nipples. After a moment, he gently removed Amanda's hand from his balls and put his own hand between her legs. I could see him massaging her vulva before he narrowed his attention to her clit.
After a few moments of fondling each other, Amanda stepped over to the cushion, laid down on her back, and spread her legs. Amanda looked damned nice in that position. Marques knelt on the cushion between Amanda's legs. I don't spend time looking at guys' dicks, but Marques' was so huge that you had to look. Marques leaned forward, putting his hands on either side of Amanda's shoulders and pressed his dick into her.
"Oh my!" Amanda said as Marques entered her, followed by "Jesus you're big!" I glanced at Jeff who seemed perfectly at ease watching another man enter his wife. I knew I was partnered with Patsy so I stepped next to her. Patsy put an arm around my bare back and whispered, "Amanda's in for some fun."
Marques appeared to be solid muscle. His thrusts were not particularly fast, but they seemed deep and powerful. Amanda grunted with each one. She wrapped her legs around Marques. Much sooner than I expected, Amanda began moaning and then yelled, "oh God . . . I'm COMING!" Amanda visibly convulsed.
Marques did not stop. He kept thrusting inside Amanda, only speeding up some. Amanda was gasping, "oh God . . .oh yes . . . shit . . . can I take this?" Marques sped up a bit more. "Jesus . . no . . .yes," Amanda babbled. Marques continued wordlessly. Suddenly, it seemed like every muscle in Marques' body contracted at once. He raised his head up violently as his hips pushed much deeper between Amanda's legs. He grunted twice as Amanda let out a howl.
After a moment of complete silence, Marques leaned his head down and kissed Amanda. Then, he pulled out and stood up. Amanda's fluid and his semen made his massive dick glisten in the sun. Marques walked over to Patsy and kissed her. Jeff and I helped Amanda to her feet. She was wobbly so Jeff held her for a few minutes. Once Amanda could stand on her own, she smiled at Jeff and said, "Ok lover. You're up with Nancy. Let's see if you can do for her what Marques did for me."
I really had fallen in love with Nancy, and, despite our agreement, I wasn't sure I wanted to watch Jeff fuck her. I largely looked up in the woods while they got each other aroused. Once Nancy was on her back and Jeff was in her, she said, "Peter, you can watch." I shifted my gaze down to Nancy's face. Nancy was, as I've said, an exquisitely beautiful woman. She became even more beautiful during sex. We looked into each other's eyes the entire time Jeff was fucking her, even as she came. Jeff's performance did not look as impressive as Marques', but I never heard Nancy complain. Once Jeff got off her, Nancy stood and came straight to me. We hugged for quite a while.
Patsy and I were last up. Patsy was also an exceptionally beautiful woman and the prospect of intercourse with her was exciting. Patsy put a hand on my dick and said, "I think you're ready to go."
"Lie on the cushion," I said. Patsy did so. Instead of entering her immediately, I put my face between her legs and began eating her. I licked and sucked her clit. I worked my tongue into her. Patsy was good with feedback, telling me when I hit a spot that felt particularly good to her. I could feel a lot of her fluid on my face before she finally shuddered, took several deep breathes, and said, "that's a good start. Now, you get on your back Benz."
I didn't think I could get any harder but, looking up at Patsy's splendid bare body stand above me with a foot on either side of me exposing herself, did get me harder. Patsy smiled broadly as she squatted down until she could get a hand on my dick to guide me into her. She lowered herself down until she was sitting on my pelvis. Then, she started using her elegant, powerful legs to raise herself up and lower herself down on me. I've never felt anything as good as the first time I entered Nancy, but Patsy felt better than anyone else I'd ever fucked.
Looking up Patsy's dark naked body while I felt her pelvic muscles contracting and relaxing on me was a special experience. I decided to hold out as long as I could. We went quite a while before Patsy said, in a quivering voice, "shit, I'm about to come. Where are you Peter?"
I took that as my cue to begin pushing up into her fast and hard. She shrieked "oh my God" and collapsed on top of me. We kissed fiercely as I continued to push into her. She raised her gorgeous head and said, "oh no . . .oh God!" She put her head on my chest and bit me. I came just as her body convulsed.
I think I may have blacked out for just a second because the next thing I remember is Patsy's face above mine. Her look was one of genuine affection. "We have to do this again," she said softly.
Patsy stood up and then I got up. "Nancy," Patsy said, "I'm sorry I put a mark on Peter."
Nancy stepped over to me, looked at the bite mark for a moment, and turned to Patsy. "As long as it came from a good friend, it's fine," Nancy said. Nancy turned back to me. We hugged and kissed. I think Patsy and Marques were doing the same.
After the sex, we all sat around naked with drinks. I had secretly feared that partner-swapping would create problems among the six of us. There was no evidence of that. Instead, the interactions were more relaxed. It was like we were all lovers. To an extent, I guess we all were.
After we'd all recovered, we played nude frisbee in the yard for a while. It was a warm day and that got all of us sweaty. My shower wasn't big enough to handle six of us at once, so I showered with Amanda and Patsy and Nancy showered with Marques and Jeff. Later, I put on an apron and lit the grill. I'd gotten steaks for our friends, Nancy had made a green salad, and we had corn and potato salad. I also opened several bottles of wine.
After dinner was cleaned up, we all sat and talked. A good part of that was sharing our personal stories (I will try to weave those in in later chapters), but we also talked about politics, books, sports, and, of course, sex. Before any of us realized it, it was nearly 1:00 a.m. Sunday. I suddenly felt tired and I could tell the others felt the same.
"It is my considered medical opinion that none of you should drive home," Nancy announced. "There's a fairly large bed upstairs that Peter and I share. It will be a little tight, but we're all friends so we'll all fit." We did all fit, although I'm not sure we would have if any of us had been wearing anything.
I awoke later that Sunday with sunlight pouring into the bedroom and a hand on my morning wood. It was Nancy's. She whispered in my ear, "I want to fuck, right now." Glancing over her shoulder, I saw Amanda Jeff, Patsy, and Marques still in bed with us, although at least Amanda was awake. I turned onto my side and Nancy wriggled next to me on her back. I rolled on top of her and slid in.
We were trying to fuck quietly, but we woke everyone up. "I love your version of an alarm clock," Patsy quipped. Apparently, they liked the rest of our idea too. Soon Jeff was on top of Amanda and Marques was on top of Patsy. The six of us consciously tried to pace ourselves so we'd all come together. That didn't work exactly, but it was a nice idea.
Nancy and I had planned for everyone to stay over. After the wake-up sex, she and I fixed breakfast, which we all ate nude on the patio. As our friends were preparing to leave that afternoon, Amanda said, "Guys, I think we have something special here. We need to do this again."
"Often," Patsy added.
"Everything's permitted between the six of us?" Amanda asked.
In unison, Patsy, Marques, Nancy, Jeff, and I answered, "yes."
That pronouncement was followed by a very tight group hug and a lot of kissing. Then, our friends got into their cars and drove home, nude just as they had come the day before.