After my first time in The Room, where my girlfriend, Fiona, surprised me with my first bi experience, she continued to expand on that new horizon. Over the next few of months she continued to surprise me a dozen or more times with more cock sucking lesson. At first she made sure I was bound and unable to resist just like the first time, but then she started to make me a more willing participant. She continued to keep me blindfolded for the experience so I wouldn't know who was the recipient of my oral services. She would only tell me that I knew him and saw him frequently so that I would wonder which of my friends knew about my secret perversion. I knew there were at least three different guys because one cock was fatter than the others and one was significantly longer. I kept trying to discern other clues but she had even taken to applying her favorite perfume to their genitals so I couldn't go by smell. They only rarely made any noise and even then it was only muffled moans or grunts so I assumed she had them gagged. They were all shaved smooth and I was never allowed to touch them except with my mouth, but I believed from that small amount of contact that they were all in decent physical condition. That didn't help much, most of my friends kept themselves in shape. The fat one and the regular one were both circumcised. The long one was not. I was also starting to notice differences in the taste of their cum since I was getting to drink it regularly. They all seemed to cum a lot.
Fiona had always liked to tease me and deny me orgasms while making me give her as many as she could stand, but I thought i had noticed a new trend. She seemed to be denying me much more often and making me wait longer between orgasms. Then, whenever I had another "training session" (as she liked to call them), she would use a slim vibrating wand with a slanted head to massage my prostate while she stroked my cock. She would bring me to the edge multiple times while I swirled my tongue and tried my best to make him cum as quickly as possible but it never worked. He would withdraw his shaft when he started to get too close and I would be forced to suckle his heavy balls and lick his taint while Fiona would stop and start her ministrations again a few minutes later as well. She and the guy would coordinate their efforts so my own orgasm was synchronized with his climax into my mouth. After I swallowed every drop he had to give and licked his shaft clean as she had taught me to do, she would bring her hand to my lips to clean up my own cum as well. She had been feeding me my own cum almost since we started dating so that really wasn't a surprise, but knowing someone was watching me seem to greedily suck the cum off her fingers after his massive load was especially difficult. I felt like a true cum slut at that moment. To make matters worse, she started making me say "Please sir, may I have your cock" before he would slide it into my waiting mouth, and then after he was done and I had eaten both of our semen, I had to give him one more kiss on the head of his penis and say "Thank you sir, I can't wait to do that again very soon". They would usually pat me on the head like a pet being rewarded for doing a trick.
In between training session, she would make little comments about guys we would see and if I thought that might have a nice cock, and lewd references about my sucking technique and how they guys said I was becoming the best cock sucker. She especially liked teasing me about how much I was starting to enjoy having them cum in my mouth, just like she had promised I would. She observed a few times that I didn't seem to get as hard for her without a cock in my mouth and that gave her an idea. One day she came home with a small bag.
"Is that for me?" I joked.
She just smiled and said "Actually, it is. Let's try it."
She handed me the bag and I opened it cautiously. You never knew what she might bring home. Inside was a new gag that she had found - it was essentially a double ended dildo with a fat ball in the middle and leather straps on either side. When she strapped it into my gaping mouth, the head of the cock was right at the back of my throat. It tickled and made me want to swallow reflexively, but of course it was locked firmly in place.
"It will help with your gag reflex so you can take that especially long cock all the way to the balls soon," she said as she pushed my head down between her legs and leaned back.
She never wore panties anymore so she just lifted her short skirt and I fucked her wet cunt with the other end of the dildo until my neck and mouth ached and she had more orgasms than I could count. That became one of her favorite toys and when she had had enough, she would send me to take it out and wash it and put it away, leaving me with a raging unsatisfied hard on. And it did help me get over my gag reflex.
There were other similar games she liked to play. Most with the same ending for me. She made me promise not to masturbate without her permission and that became another of her favorite activities - making me strip and stand naked stroking myself while she watched. I jerked for her the kitchen while she made dinner, beside the sofa while she talked on the phone with her friends and family, in the bathroom while she took a shower. Sometimes she would decide to drive when we were going somewhere and I would have to pull down my pants and jerk in the car. Occasionally she allowed me to cum from these masturbation sessions, but only after edging myself many times over several days. And I always drank all the cum I produced. Other times she would make me go for days without touching me or allowing me to touch myself. I'm still not sure which was worse.
Over the summer she added another little game to our relationship - when it was my turn to cooked or do some of the household chores, she started making me strip and put on nothing but an apron. She would tease me the entire time, running her fingernails over my bare ass, rubbing against the bulge in the front of the apron and penetrating me with her finger if I had to bend over to do something. Eventually she decided that I should just wear a plug as part of my "uniform". She ordered a special one online that was made of stainless steel. It was shaped so it wouldn't easily come out with what I thought was a rather large bulb-shaped head followed by a slender shaft and a flat ring handle at the end. It felt heavy in my hole and constantly reminded me of its presence when I moved or bent over, and especially when I sat down. The handle fit perfectly between my ass cheeks but sitting pushed the plug deeper into me. It seemed like I was doing the chores more and more frequently but it was hard to complain with all the teasing and attention.
"You know, that plug is so sexy, I think you should start wearing it all them time," she told me one day while I was filling the dishwasher.
"All the time?" I asked.
"Well of course you have to take it out to use the bathroom and you will want to keep yourself clean back there," she said.
So, I started keeping my ass plugged all the time. I grew used to its constant presence but never enough to forget it was there. It was especially present in my mind when I was hanging out with friends because some of them knew I was wearing it now. They had watched her remove it so she could tickle my prostate while I sucked their cock and then put it back in place afterwards. It was so embarrassing , it could be any of them. Sometimes I thought I might have seen a knowing smile when I squirmed a little and I was tempted to ask if he was one of my cum buddies (another phrase my wife had started using), but I never dared to ask. I couldn't imagine how I would explain myself if I guessed wrong.
One evening when I was cleaning in the living room, Fiona called me over to the chair by the window. I always avoided that spot when I was doing chores in my apron because the neighbors across the street could surely see inside because we could clearly see inside their windows. She untied the apron and gestured for me to take it off. My cock was standing especially tall that evening, probably because it had been awhile since she had let me cum. She raked the underside of my shaft with her fingernails gently.
"You know," she said, "I think I like you better like this. I want you to stay nude at home all the time. Will you do that for me?"
I hesitated only a moment before I stammered "Of course, if that's what you want."
"Perfect! I just love you so much," she said and then leaned forward to kiss the head of my penis. I continued to stand there, my dick pointing like an error, having forgotten completely about the window until she said "Ok, back to work, Pet," and snapped me out of my trance.
I remained nude the rest of the evening. Normally I would have stripped down to my boxers for bed but that night I didn't even have those. The next morning when I got up, my bobbing morning wood reminded me of my new dress code so I headed to the kitchen to make coffee and breakfast. Fiona had started working most days at one of the small local galleries where some of her paintings were on display. As a freelancer, I worked from home most of the time. It felt a little weird wandering around the place naked and alone. I learned to put a towel down on the leather desk chair so my bare ass didn't stick to the seat. I was very distracted for the first week or so but then it started to feel almost normal. That first evening when Fiona came home, she smiled broadly and said "Perfect!". I was sitting on the sofa watching TV and my cock got half hard at the compliment and I grinned and blushed. She had seen me naked a million times but somehow it felt different knowing it was going to be like this all the time. I have read about naturalists and nudists who try to say it's not about sex, but for me it has never stopped feeling at least a little sexy even until this day.
I was in my second week of being nude at home when, shortly after Fiona got home, there was a knock at the door ad she yelled from the bedroom "Will you get that? It's Sarah. She said she would be stopping by." I rushed into the bedroom and pulled open a drawer to grab some shorts.
"What are you doing?" she asked.
"I can't answer the door like this," I said.
"Of course you can, silly. I told her about you being nude at home now. She's ok with it. Go, answer the door," she said as she push me away from the dresser.
I was blushing profusely as I walked to the door. I wondered how many of her friends she had told. Sarah was her best friend so maybe it was just her. She knocked again. I stood behind the door as I opened it, doing a poor job of hiding myself.
"Well, hello Brian!" Sarah said and she stepped inside looking me up and down. "I see Fiona wasn't kidding about you being nude at home. I can see why she likes it so much." Her gaze focused on my rising manhood "You don't have to hide, just do whatever you were doing. Where is Fiona?"
"I'm back here," Fiona yelled from the bedroom, "come on back."
With a final glance and smile at me, Sarah headed toward the bedroom.
I didn't know what to do with myself. Being home alone or with Fiona was one thing. We hadn't really discussed what I was to do when people came over. What about the FedEx guy or the pizza dude? I decided to grab a beer and contemplate what exactly I had gotten myself into. I had just taken the first swig when the girls came out of the bedroom.
"How about opening a bottle of wine for us," Fiona asked. "I believe there is some of that good chardonnay in the back of the cabinet."
There was one bottle all the way in the back of the lower cabinet. I had to really reach for it and as I was pulling it past the other bottles in front I heard a giggle and when I stood up and turned around Sarah was wide eyed and smiling.
"What is that?" she asked.
"That is just his butt plug. He wears one all the time," Fiona said nonchalantly.
"What!" Sarah exclaimed. "Really? Why?"
Fiona looked at me with a theatrical puzzled look and said "Why do you wear it all the time, honey?"
I was momentarily flabbergasted. I wasn't sure what to say. Finally I blurted out "Because you asked me to?"
Sarah and Fiona both laughed, not in a bad way, but it still made me blush crimson while my cock rose to attention.
"I think he likes talking about his butt plug," Sarah said pointing at my erection.
"Oh yes, he likes it very much, don't you, my pet," Fiona said winking at me and smiling.
I couldn't help but smile back. I was enjoying the attention, I had to admit. I opened the wine and got some glasses down from the upper cabinet and filled them while they both watched my every move.
"So, is he always hard like that?" Sarah asked.
"No, I think he is enjoying having company," Fiona said with another smile at me.
The girls took seats on the stools at the bar while I remained standing - on full display. We talked and laughed and had a good time for a couple of hours. Every time my erection would start to flag one of them would notice and point it out or say something that would embarrass or arouse me or make me hard again. Fiona described how I had progressed from wearing nothing but an apron to my current state.
"I would love to get my boyfriend to start doing this for me but I don't think he would go for it," Sarah sighed.
"You never know until you try," Fiona said. "I might be able to give you some ideas on how to convince him."
"Maybe we could come over sometime and see Brian like this first hand," Sarah said
"I think that would be a great idea!" Fiona replied.
What had I gotten myself into. All I could think was that I couldn't imagine anything more embarrassing than Sarah's boyfriend who I had barely met come over to see me naked.
A couple of weeks went by and I had forgotten about the invitation when Fiona announced "Sarah and Mike are coming over later."
I almost dropped the empty glass I was carrying to the kitchen. Fiona had been especially hard on me this week, teasing and denying me. She hadn't even had one of the guys over in a while so I hadn't cum in a week or maybe two.
"I want you to go clean and remove every bit of hair, just like I like it," she said, patting me on the tush. Fiona liked me completely bare from nose to toes, so I used a hair removal cream every few days but I was definitely due.
I headed off to the bathroom where I coated myself with the cream, making sure to get into every nook and cranny. After 20 minutes or so I stepped into the shower and washed all the loose hair off with a cloth. I also took the time to remove my plug and do a couple of anal douches with the bottle I kept in the shower now for just that purpose. I liked being clean inside and out. After drying myself with a soft towel I lubed the plug and put it back inside my sphincter, then rubbed lotion into my silky smooth skin to help it recover from the chemical process. I didn't think about it until afterwards but the new lotion Fiona had bought for me had a very floral feminine scent...but it worked really well so I didn't give it another thought. I finished drying and brushing my hair. Being kept nude made getting ready a lot quicker at any rate.
Fiona had me turn for her to inspect when I came out of the bedroom. "Perfect!" she said and pinched my ass.
I fidgeted around for what seemed like ages before the knock at the door startled me. Fiona got the door this time which left me to stand awkwardly in the middle of the room not sure what to do with my hands - or my naked body - as Sarah and Mike came in.
"Brian, nice to see you again!" Sarah said grinning at me. "I believe you have met my boyfriend, Mike"
Mike looked amazed. Fiona said that Sarah had told him what to expect but it was obviously still a shock. I was mortified. I looked at the floor but my traitorous penis almost bounced to attention. I glanced at Fiona and she just seemed to be enjoying the situation with an amused expression. It felt like a lifetime but was only an awkward couple of seconds before I looked up and extended my hand saying "Yes, hello Mike."
Mike looked like he might bolt but after a little nudge from Sarah he shook my hand and said "Hey, uh, nice to see you again."
"Why don't you get us all some drinks and we'll go sit in the living room," Fiona suggested.
"Mike, what would you like?" I asked as I turned and headed for the kitchen.
"Got any scotch?" he asked.
"Sure do," I said "Single malt ok?"
I poured scotch for me and Mike and opened some wine for the girls then joined them in the living room, bringing the bottles with me. As I joined Fiona on the sofa, I was trying not to sit with my legs wide open but I also didn't want to look like a girl with my knees clenched together either. I was so incredibly aware of my very bare skin that almost glowed from the recent shave and lotion. My erection bobbed between my legs. Mike kept trying to look anywhere but at me which just made it more obvious when he couldn't help but look at me. We all chatted about nothing for a while and had a few more drinks. The tension was just starting to come down when the girls steered the conversation back around to my state of undress. Sarah asked several questions and after some hesitation (and a another scotch) she finally got Mike to engage.
"How long have you been doing this?" he asked trying to sound like he was discussing the weather.
"Not long, maybe a month or so since Fiona asked me to stay nude full time when I am home," I said. "Before that it was just something we liked to do sometimes."
"And how long have you been wearing the butt plug?" Sarah asked out of the blue.
"What do you mean?" Mike asked her.
"Show him, honey," Fiona said and she grinned. I was getting the feeling that she and Sarah had planned out the whole conversation.
I almost couldn't move. Did she really expect me to just put on a show? I looked at her and she nodded and said "Go on."
Oh god! I was shaking slightly as I stood up and turned around so my ass was facing Mike and Sarah where they sat on the loveseat. Sarah seemed positively giddy while Mike still seemed confused. Slowly I bent forward and put my hands on the back of the couch.
"Spread your legs wider so they can see," Fiona commanded, and utterly humiliated, I moved my feet wider and bent my knees slightly to create more of a gap.
Mike quietly said "Oh, wow". I couldn't bring myself to turn my head but I thought I could feel both his and Sarah's full attention on the gleaming steel handle of the plug that was now fully exposed to their view. My only small consolation was that they probably couldn't see my dick hanging down between my legs because it was rigidly poking out in front of me now.
"See, babe, he keeps it in all the time because Fiona asked him to," Sarah giggled.
"All the time?" Mike said. "What about when you..." he trailed off.
I didn't think it could get any worse but now we were going to discuss my toilet habits too. "I take it out to use the bathroom and take showers and stuff," I mumbled.
"And I remove it when I want to play with other toys," Fiona added. "Otherwise, it's in there 24/7"
"Other toys..." Mike started to say. I couldn't tell if he was interested or disgusted. "What does it feel like?"
"Well, it makes me feel sort of full, like I kinda need to go to the bathroom, except not as urgent if you know what I mean," I said and started to straighten up, but Fiona stopped me.
"Stay like that a bit longer, let them get a good look," she said placing a hand on my back as I leaned back over.
"Does it feel good?" Sarah asked. "I mean, they say that the male g-spot is up in there, right?"
"And that tells you everything you need to know about men and anal," Fiona laughed.
"Yes, it feels good," I said. "It's solid steel so it's got a little weight to it, so I never forget it's in there. It's a constant reminder of something that I do for Fiona." I smiled at her and she stroked my back lovingly. "It wiggles around when I walk and stuff, plus taking it out and putting it in stretches a little which feels good too."
"How big is it?" Mike asked, picking up on the stretching part and seeming to become more intrigued.
"Here, let me show you," Fiona said before I could respond. Standing up next to me she grasped the handle of the plug and started to pull. I thought I would die of humiliation so I was very tense and the plug didn't want to budge.
"Just relax and unclench," she said in a low voice next to my ear.
Oh god, oh god. I don't know how but I managed to let go enough for the plug release with an audible pop. I couldn't help but let out a low moan. I was so very glad I had douched earlier so the plug would be clean. I couldn't bear to look so I just stayed where I was, bent over with my now empty hole on display.
"Wow, that's pretty big," Mike said.
"Not really," Sarah said playfully. "It's about as big as you and you keep trying to convince me to let you do it in my ass"
"But look, he is still gaped open," Mike pointed out to my eternal embarrassment. They could probably see half way up my colon.
"It's just temporary," Fiona said. "Go get the lube, dear, so I can put this back in." She smacked me playfully on the ass to send me off.
They continued to discuss the plug and my ass as I trudged off to the bedroom and returned with the jar of lube. Mike and Sarah got suddenly quiet as if they didn't want to miss a second of the action. I opened the jar and Fiona dipped her fingers in to get a small amount of the thick gel which she used to coat the fat bulb and thin shaft of the plug. I put the lid back on the jar and placed it on the coffee table, then resumed my position leaning forward with my hands on the back of the couch and spreading my legs wide to give her access.
"See, his little hole has closed back up already," Fiona pointed out. Would there ever be an end to this, was all I could think.
"Can I see how tight he is?" Sarah asked. "...If that's ok," she added quickly glancing between both Mike and Fiona for permission.
Mike just nodded but Fiona cheerfully said "Of course. He needs some lube in there anyway. That's one of the most important things about anal play - lots of lube. The anus is not self-lubricating like some other areas."
I thought I would die a hundred times as I listened to her open the jar of lube, knowing what was coming next. I felt her move in close between my legs and then her finger touched what should have been my most private orifice, but it was now apparently open to the public. She circled around for a second before starting to push gently at first, then with more force. Slowly I felt the first knuckle pass through the sphincter, then the second, then her other fingers were pressed against me and she was as deep as she could go. I let my breath out in a low hiss as her finger flexed inside me. I could feel a drop of precum on the tip of my penis as she withdrew to the first knuckle and then descended once again making me squirm a little.
"He is really very tight", Sarah said twisting her finger to the left, then back to the right causing me to stifle back a moan. "He really seems to like this. Come and look, babe?" she told Mike.
"I can see just fine" he said.
Sarah withdrew her finger slowly and giggled when I shuddered a little. "Did that feel good?" she asked.
"Mmm, yes," was all I could say.
A moment later, I felt the cold hardness of the plug touch my anus and I tried to both relax and brace myself for what was next. Fiona pushed firmly as my puckered hole stretched around the fat bub of the plug. Sarah caught her breath as it worked its way in and then closed around the narrow shaft letting the handle settle into the track between my cheeks. When it was done, Fiona patted my behind again and I straightened up. I still couldn't bring myself to face them. I felt like I needed to catch my breath.
"Yes, he definitely enjoyed that", Fiona said turning me around and directing everyone's attention to the biggest and hardest erection I think I have ever had in my life. My dick was so engorged that it ached, and there was a dribble of precum oozing down from the tip.
"More drinks?" I asked, needing a small reprieve. Everyone nodded, so I toddled off to the kitchen with my erection leading the way. Once I had a little privacy, I wiggled the plug a little to get it seated more comfortably and then, out of habit, I swiped the precum off the head of my penis with my finger and put it in my mouth just like Fiona had taught me. Precum always has the sweetest taste. I could hear them talking in low voices but only caught enough to know they were still discussing me.
It was another hour at least before Mike and Sarah said they had to leave. I heard Sarah whisper a thank you to Fiona as they were leaving. I'm sure Mike was going to be in for something later.
"I am very proud of you, my pet," Fiona said after they were gone.
"I can't believe I just did all that," I said blushing again as I replayed it in my mind.
"You were amazing!" she said and gave me a long loving kiss while stroking my shaft.
"Do you think Sarah will get Mike to do anything like this?" I asked. "Not sure if he is the type."
"Oh, you might be surprised, Sarah told me that he is really interested in anal. He likes for her to put a finger in his ass when she gives him head and he keeps begging for her to let him take her ass. He seemed pretty interested in your plug too."
"Well, I guess you never know." I said.
"One thing I know for sure is I am horny as hell," she said, grasping my cock and using it to lead me back to the sofa. "Why don't you get down here and see how much I enjoyed your little performance this evening."
I was more than happy to oblige and I ate her until she had to push me away from her cunt. I was feeling desperately horny as well but I knew not to expect anything except frustration, unless... Very sheepishly, looking down at the floor as I still knelt between her legs, I said "maybe you should invite one of the guys to come over..."
Her face lit up. She smiled the biggest smile. "What did you say?"
My face was burning with shame but I said "Can you please invite one of the guys over? I really need to cum."
Sitting up, she took my face in her hands and lifted it so I was looking her in the eyes, then asked "You need to cum, or you need cum?"
Oh god, what had I said? Had I made a Freudian slip? I wasn't sure which way I had said it, but I knew what she wanted to hear. Without lowering my gaze this time, I whispered "Please, I need cum."
"Oh, my beautiful pet! Since you put it that way, how could I possibly say no?' She leaned down and kissed me on the lips. "Go and put on your blindfold and wait in the playroom. I'll join you shortly."
I should have felt beaten or something but all I could feel at that moment was excitement and anticipation as I entered the playroom, knelt in front of the chair, and slipped the soft leather blindfold over my eyes.