(Sorry for not posting in a while. I've been busy and uninspired lately. Thanks to Drewau for editing. Typical disclaimer: This is a continuation of this series, if you don't read at least part 1, you probably won't understand the setting very well. I'm also always open to constructive criticism.)
*****
Mike woke up the next morning with a nude Aahana laying her head on his chest sleeping soundly. She felt him stir and awoke herself. She looked up at him and they kissed sweetly.
"Good morning." Aahna said dreamily.
"Good morning."
"So, I heard you had quite an interesting day yesterday."
"You could say that." Mike smiled.
"Do you want to have another interesting night tonight?"
Mike had gotten so used to constant crazy exhibitionist sex the last couple weeks, that he could only imagine what she might have in mind. But, barring only a few things, he was up for anything. "What did you have in mind?"
"Fifi invited the three of us to dinner at her apartment."
"You do know what happened at her apartment last night right?" Mike was unsure if she understood that Fifi's apartment was a constantly running live stream for porn.
"Yes, and you should have seen what happened here last night."
"And you're ok with whatever happens over there?"
"OK? I'm looking forward to it."
________________________________________________________________
Mike, Ahana, and Chen knocked on Fifi's door promptly at 7 p.m. Chen was wearing short Daisy Duke length jean shorts and a thin white tank top. The cleavage would have caught everyone's attention, if the shirt wasn't so thin that her hard nipples were quite visible. Aahna was wearing a black mini skirt that would show off her pussy and the lower curves of her butt if she bent over too much. Her shirt was a black midriff that showed her entire midsection. It was also almost completely open on the sides showing what little side boob Aahna had. It was so loose that if she turned too fast, her nipple would slip out, and if she bent over only slightly, you could easily see inside.
Mike was wearing his usual, nothing. Aahna tried to get him to wear a bowtie for fun, but he believed that would be a little too crazy and break the illusion. "I'm not a chippendale dancer." Mike joked.
"You do realize that you are going to a dinner party completely naked with five women who are all going to be trying to have sneaky sex with you and each other every chance they get? Believability went out the window a long time ago."
Fifi answered the door in a simple black cocktail dress that ended a little too high for comfort. When she turned everyone saw that it was backless to the point of showing the uppermost tip of her crack.
"Welcome." She said with the biggest smile. "Come on in, Kelsey is in the back still getting ready." Kelsey was the other pornstar that was playing Fifi's daughter despite being two years older. Fifi stepped into the kitchen and resumed making some final preparations for dinner.
Mike's shaft was at about 8 o'clock and filling fast. He had not cum in the last couple hours to prepare for the night. His balls were feeling as heavy as bowling balls at the moment. He knew he needed to cum really soon, or he wasn't going to get to decide where he came.
"Do you mind if I use your bathroom?" Mike asked.
"Sure. But no sex with my daughter." Fifi said, trying to fake the sternest voice possible while trying not to laugh.
Mike was about three quarters of the way down the hall when Kelsey stepped out of her bedroom wearing nothing but a towel around her waist. Mike saw her huge gorgeous tits and immediately swelled to a 90 degree angle to his body. Kelsey saw him, smiled, and bounded towards him with a huge smile on her face. She threw her arms around him and squashed her tits and his penis between them. The hardness of her nipples were teasing the hardness of his.
Kelsey grabbed him by the hand and dragged him back to the bathroom. She closed the door behind them and dropped her towel. She used the towel to soften the hard surface beneath her as she dropped to her knees. Without asking, Kelsey sucked Mike into her mouth. She tickled his balls with her fingers which was all the encouragement he needed.
He came in her mouth so hard that she rolled onto her back. Mike's load kept cumming and covered her from hair to toes. She swallowed what landed in her mouth and licked more from her lips. Kelsey smiled, stood, and turned around to start the shower. "I'll see you outside in a minute."
__________________________________________________________________
"Aahna, why don't you put some music on in the living room?" Fifi asked. Aahna nodded slightly, knowing this had to be a ploy for something. She walked into the living room and bent over to look at the tablet hooked up to the stereo system. She knew her pussy was probably currently exposed, and it made her wet.
Chen asked Fifi, "Do you mind if I get some water?"
"Of course, there's ice in the freezer." The statement was stupidly obvious, but the look in her eyes challenged Chen to more.
Chen walked around behind Fifi and let the back of her hand graze the pornstar's amazing butt. Chen opened the freezer door and stood there for much longer than was necessary as she fished several cubes out of the tray. When she turned back toward Fifi, her nipples were even more erect than when she arrived.
Fifi was blatantly staring at them now. "This might be completely inappropriate, but you have the most amazing breasts."
Chen feigned a blush. "Thanks, but yours blow mine out of the water."
"No way." And Fifi turned and approached her new Asian friend. She cupped the sides of Chen's generous chest, which, despite everything, still made her gasp at the forwardness of the gesture. "I mean look at these things. Perfect size, shape, and lift. Not to mention these nipples." Fifi grazed her fingers over the nipples, which made Chen gasp for a different reason now.
Chen was ready to play now. "Well look at yours." Chen began playing with Fifi's ample chest. "So perfectly round."
"Yes, the surgeon knew what she was doing. But yours must be natural."
Fifi shocked Chen again by pulling her top down and tweaking her huge nipples. Chen was starting to worry she was going to wet herself in excitement. The thought that someone could come in at any moment and catch them playing with each others tits was almost unbearable.
Fifi continued. "Not to mention your beautiful caramel skin and dark nipples." Fifi reached behind her back and unzipped her dress before pulling the front down exposing her own. This made Chen gawk, and only partially because of the woman's gorgeous tits. "Mine are simply pink on pale skin."
Chen mindlessly reached up and grabbed the white globes in admiration. Later she would realize that she felt as mindless in that moment as most guys were when they saw her tits for the first time. "I... I'm sorry." Chen pulled her hands back suddenly. "They're just so amazing. Guys must love to suck on them."
Fifi looked nonplussed. "Guys, girls, Kelsey even sucks on them sometimes after a bad break up. It's like she regresses back to being an infant that just needs comfort during those times. Do you want to taste them?"
Chen didn't answer, she simply leaned in and started sucking on one while squeezing the other. Fifi laughed at the reaction, but very quickly, her chuckle turned into minor moans. The pleasure slid into her so fast that she didn't even realize the moans were coming from herself at first.
Chen began kissing her way up the woman's chest, then neck, before finally they were frenching each other passionately. They were gasping for snatches of breath whenever they could. Fifi then started working her way down Chen's body to her dark nipples.
Chen released a high pitched "Ughhhhh!" when Fifi's mouth sucked her in. That made them both freeze for fear someone heard her. That was when they heard Mike coming back down the hall.
Chen wasn't ready to stop though. She dropped to the floor behind the counter while Fifi quickly pulled her dress back up and faced the sink in front of her. She didn't even have time to zip her dress up in the back.
Mike looked around and could see Fifi in the kitchen. She looked a little disheveled. But the sight of Aahna bending over and flashing her beautiful southern lips in the living room, made him forget about that. He turned without saying a word into the living room.
He hadn't moved a second too soon either. Chen had been eating Fifi out under the counter while fingering her. Fifi buckled over at the waist and gasped hard. Fifi quickly pulled her dress completely off and laid Chen out on the floor. She quickly undid Chen's shorts and pulled them off, revealing a lack of underwear.
The two women kissed passionately while groping each others tits. Then their hands began exploring each others bodies before finally resting on each others slits. They kissed and fingered each other frantically into an orgasmic oblivion.
Everyone else in the apartment pretended not to hear their screams of pleasure. But they were pretty sure that even the neighbors could have heard them. They somehow managed to cum at the exact same time and doused each other with their juices. By the end of it, they were both lying in a pool of squirt on the tile floor and had to rush to get dried, dressed, and mop up the floor before anyone came in.
______________________________________________________________
When Mike turned into the living room, he snuck up behind Aahna and gently laid his hands on her exposed checks and caressed them. The contact startled her and she jumped a little. When she realized it was Mike she stood turned and faced him.
Mike's hands found their way to her butt again, and greedily squeezed and groped them as they kissed. Aahna snaked a hand down to Mikes balls and began playing with them. That made Mike jump and pull his mouth away from hers. He turned to look behind them.
When he looked back, he said, "I'm not sure if this is a great idea here. Someone could walk in at any second."
Aahna chuckled silently and said, "I think that's the whole point of us being here."
Mike rolled his eyes at how stupid his own statement sounded. "I know, but if I cum in here, there is no hiding the mess. Which will defeat the whole sneaky forbidden sex theme."
Aahna frowned in consideration for a second. Then she brightened with an idea. "Cum inside me, when my pussy can't take anymore, I'll drop down and take the rest in my mouth. If that is still too much, you can cum in my butt."
Mike was getting even more turned on by how casually she spoke of him filling all of her holes. "As hot as that sounds, you are rather small, and there is only so much cum we can fit into all of your tiny holes."
Aahna grinned lasciviously, "That sounds like a challenge. But, if worst comes to worst, you can dump what's left in the soil of the big plant in the corner."
Mike was still unsure, but Aahna was not taking no for an answer. She raised her leg and guided his shaft into her pussy. Which made it really hard for Mike to say no. When she leaned in and started sucking on his right earlobe, he no longer cared if they made a mess. He hooked one hand under her raised leg, one hand went to her mid back, and humped away.
Mike kissed and sucked Aahna's neck as she groped his butt, attempting to pull him in as deep as possible. She was biting her lower lip to keep from screaming in pleasure. Several whimpers made it past her filter. She could not believe how good Mike had gotten in such a short period of time. He especially seemed to know exactly how to push all of her buttons.
Aahna was quickly approaching orgasm when she opened her eyes and saw Kelsey standing near the doorway watching them. She was wearing a fuzzy white sweater that cut off right below her tits. With the size of her tits, she had a massive amount of under boob showing. She also had jean shorts that were so short and tight that they could almost be considered panties.
The shorts were unbuttoned and Kelsey had a hand inside running circles around her clit. By the look on her face, she was about as far along as Aahna. Aahna smiled at her, but said nothing to Mike. She didn't want to risk spooking him and them not finishing. Not to mention, this being their little secret made Aahna even hotter.
That's when her orgasm hit and her eyes rolled back into her head. She clenched her teeth and mouth shut as tight as possible and screamed through her nose. After several seconds of mind blowing pleasure, she opened her eyes and saw Kelsey experiencing her own. Kelsey's long sexy tan legs looked like they were made of noodles as they were trying desperately to give out on her. Her O face made Aahna shiver from an aftershock of her orgasm.
"I'm about to cum." Mike grunted in a whisper. That brought Aahna's attention back to him and the plan.
Suddenly she felt him filling her. The sudden tightness inside her felt exquisite, but she had to focus. When she felt like she was filled to the brim, she pulled off and was about to drop to her knees to catch more cum in her mouth. But Kelsey was instantly there and had Mike cumming in her mouth.
It didn't take long for her to get overwhelmed by the deluge. And then Mike's shaft was back to Aahna's mouth. As Mike was pumping more of his load into Aahna's mouth, Kelsey stood turned and dropped her shorts. Presenting her gorgeous backside to him. She had apparently overheard their plan and was wanting to help.
Mike quickly turned and ploughed into Kelsey's pussy. She was fingering her clit as she was filled and was quickly approaching another orgasm. "My butt, my butt, my butt..." Kelsey quickly stammered as she was getting full. So Mike pulled out and rammed it into her secondary hole.
Typically, Mike would have been much gentler on entry, but everything was happening so fast, and his brain was working on primal thoughts at the moment. It didn't matter though, his shaft was covered in so much cum and squirt, that he slid in as easily as a mouth.
He quickly finished filling that hole as Kelsey came again, and this time her legs refused to continue supporting her, and she dropped to the floor. Mike quickly turned back to Aahna who was already spreading her cheeks for him. He entered her and sent her into her next orgasm as well. There was even a little cum left for the potted plant in the corner.
When they finished, everyone was gasping for breath. Then they heard heels clopping on the hardwood floor in their direction. They all quickly stood at attention trying to look as casual as possible.
Fifi walked in with Chen right behind her. They both had equally guilty expressions on their face. Mike started to wonder what he had missed in the kitchen. He decided he would definitely watch the footage later.
Then Mike realized that his mostly deflated shaft was still felt soaked from all the juices. He attempted a glance down to see how everything looked. His penis was obviously wet and covered in his own cum. When he looked back up, he knew everyone saw it, but no one said anything.
"Kelsey, can't you wear something a little more modest?" Fifi complained. We have company.
Kelsey laughed and said, "We are having dinner with a butt naked man, and you are concerned about my modesty?" Everyone's eyes were immediately drawn back to Mike's shaft briefly with a look of longing.
"That's different. Mike has a condition. And what is that on your lower lip?"
It was cum. "Umm, toothpaste!" Kelsey lied.
Fifi walked up and wiped it off with her finger and tasted it. She considered the test. "This brand tastes really good. We should buy that again."
Mike, Aahna, and Kelsey suppressed a laugh as Fifi turned to leave the room. Then they had to suppress a gasp as they saw Fifi's dress was caught up in her apron ties in the back. Her butt was completely exposed. No one told her though, everyone just enjoyed the view as she walked out.
"Kelsey, come help me set the table." Fifi called from the other room. Kelsey walked out, leaving the three roommates together.
Chen walked up to Aahna and with a smile said, "It looks like you have a bit of toothpaste on your lip as well." She then sexily licked it off of her face before turning to Mike. "And, Mike, I think we need to teach you where toothpaste is used." She joked before sinking to her knees and sucking him into her mouth.
She wasn't actually trying to get him hard, she was simply cleaning him up. That didn't stop him from growing to half mast before she finished, stood and walked away.
"Dinner's ready!" Fifi called from the other room.
Aahna and Mike took each other's hands and walked to the dining room.
______________________________________________________________
Surprisingly, dinner went by without any crazy antics. They had a lot of fun talking and joking around. Mike even forgot he was naked and the craziness of his situation for a while. This was a very rare occurrence for him, and helped give him an hour of peace from worrying about when he needed to drop his next load.
But, sure enough, after a while Mike started to feel his testes growing tight again. He stood and said, "I'm sorry, I need to run to the bathroom to relieve some pressure."
"Do you mean you have to use the bathroom, or cum?" The bluntness of Fifi's question caught him off guard.
"I'm sorry, what?"
"I was just thinking that if it was your condition that you were attempting to subdue, then you shouldn't have to run and hide in the bathroom to do it. I mean, when a woman is breastfeeding, no one expects her to go and hide in a closet so she can drain the milk from her breasts. Why should your condition be any different?"
Mike was speechless. He knew there was a major difference, but he was so shocked by her statement, that he couldn't think of an argument. Are you saying that I should masturbate right here and cum all over the table?"
Fifi smiled. "As hot as I think that might be, I was thinking something a bit more civilized."
"I'm afraid there is nothing civilized about my cum shots." Mike said in embarrassment.
Fifi waved his argument away and said, "That doesn't matter. You are a guest in my home, and I am responsible for the comfort of my guests. That is, unless Aahna would feel threatened by my assisting you?"
Everyone else had been in stunned silence up until this point. Aahna stammered and then said, "No, um, that's fine. Plenty of women have had his body, but I know his heart belongs with me." Mike agreed with Aahna's sentiment, but he thought she might of been hamming it up for the camera's with a line like that.
"Then it's settled. Let's head to the living room." Fifi led Mike by the hand, and everyone else followed closely behind. She sat Mike down in a cushy chair and lowered to her knees in front of him. Kelsey and Chen took a seat on the couch out of the peripheral view of Fifi. Aahna sat on the cushy seat about 10 feet in front of Mike, facing him.
"Do you need any visual aids?" Fifi asked. I could put some porn on the TV if you would like."
Mike looked over at Aahna's beautiful smile. She tended to always smile with her entire face, not just her lips. But tonight, her smile looked angelic. "I think I'm good." Mike said mesmerized by his love's beauty.
Aahna blushed at the implied compliment. Then, as if to divert his attention away from her embarrassment, she spread her legs just wide enough for him to see her slit. That was when he felt Fifi's soft warm lips wrap around his shaft. She came up briefly and said, "Please, carry on chatting."
Mike had to concentrate hard to think of a conversation starter. He closed his eyes and then asked. "So, Kelsey, what are you studying?"
When he opened his eyes, he thought he must have been imagining what he saw. Aahna was toying with her clit, while Chen was eating out Kelsey. Kelsey had pulled up her sweater and was pulling on her nipples. Kelsey just barely managed to make her response not sound strained as she was quickly approaching an orgasm. "Art." Then she bit her lip and let the ripples of ecstasy roll through her body.
"Tha... That's interesting." Mike managed, as he then watched the two trading positions. The conversation carried on for the next several minutes like this. Fifi was really an expert at what she did. She knew how to keep Mike on the edge, without cumming until she wanted him to.
Mike managed to see Chen orgasm twice. Once, simply from Kelsey playing with and sucking on her nipples, and the second time from a more traditional method. Lip to lip contact. But it was when he saw Aahna releasing her silent scream of pleasure, that Mike came as well.
He filled Fifi's mouth in less than a second, and she fell backwards onto her butt. Mike then managed to cover, not only her, but Aahna, Kelsey, and Chen in buckets of his cum as well.
"Well, that was a bit more than I expected. I thought I would have been able to hold on for at least a few seconds." Fifi joked. Then she looked around at the cum drenched party. "It looks like I need to do some laundry. Everyone give me your clothes."
Everyone sat in stunned silence as Fifi stripped off her dress. Mike was very quickly getting hard again. When no one moved, she said, "Come one, I can't throw everything into the washing machine while you are wearing them."
Wordlessly, everyone stood and began taking off their clothes. One by one they handed them to Fifi. "Kelsey, go and get some towels for our guests to clean their skin off with."
Mike followed Kelsey's amazing butt as she bounded out of the room followed by Fifi. When they returned Kelsey began passing the towels around. Once they were clean, Kelsey and Fifi began mopping up what was on the floor. Their huge dangling tits bouncing around beneath them as they scrubbed the floors was all Mike needed to come to full attention again.
Fifi noticed this and looked at Aahna. "I would love to help him again, but I need a break. Do you mind taking care of that for me?"
Aahna nearly leapt over them to get to him. She kissed him passionately as they moved over to the couch so that Mike could lay back. He slid into her easily, like that was where it was supposed to have been the entire time. Their sex was slow and passionate. He released two spurts into her before the pressure forced him out and his cum covered her back.
He wasn't going down yet though. Next Chen jumped up and said, "My turn." She straddled him reverse cowgirl once Aahna was out of the way. As she bounced up and down on him, Mike reached around and fondled her large tits. When he came this time, Fifi and Kelsey gave up on cleaning the floors.
Fifi said she had recovered enough to take another turn. They went round and round like this for an hour. Except Kelsey. Fifi kept telling her that she was trying to preserve her innocence. But, finally, when the three were completely spent, Fifi relented and said, "Alright, you can have a turn."
Kelsey jumped and squealed with glee. She nearly hurt Mike as she plopped her huge tits down onto his face. Mike sucked nipple into his mouth as Kelsey guided him into herself.
"Would you two ladies care to wash up with me in our hot tub?" Fifi asked.
They assented, and Mike's mind filled with images of what they might be doing in there. He almost regretted being in the middle of sex with Kelsey. Almost. He came inside all of her holes multiple times over the next thirty minutes before his beast was finally satiated.
They went in search of the rest of the party in the hot tub. To his surprise, they were simply relaxing in a bubble bath together talking. They burst out laughing when they saw the disappointed look in Mike's eyes. Kelsey joined them and they welcomed him in as well.
He politely refused though. He was exhausted, dehydrated, and hungrier than he had ever been after a session like this. I'm afraid I need to go home and get some rest. Mike leaned over Aahna and kissed her forehead sweetly. "I'll see you at home tonight."
"Actually, I'll come with you." Aahna stood and climbed out of the bath. Bubble clung to portions of her body in small clumps. "Thank you for an amazing evening." Aahna said.
Chen looked at them and said, "I'll see you guys at home tomorrow. I think I want to hang out here for a little while longer. See what other trouble I can get into." Everyone laughed, and Mike and Aahna walked home, hand in hand. Aahna didn't bother getting dressed or even drying off.
They lazily strolled back to their apartment, staring at the night sky as they went. They felt like the only two beings in the universe at that moment. It was almost tragic when the walk ended.
The couple walked in silently and headed straight to the kitchen. They stared lovingly at each other, but said nothing as they got water and munched on some peanut butter. Neither of them had ever before experienced the kind of peacethey felt in that moment with each other.
Out of nowhere, they felt a sudden urgency to be with each other again. Not the typical lust filled cum race that they had so frequently indulged in. They just needed to be with each other, to encompass each other, to become one with each other. They began a slow sensual kiss that lasted until they reached the bedroom.
Mike laid her down gently onto the bed before climbing on top of her. He held himself in the air above her for several seconds. He had gotten lost in her eyes again. Finally, he leaned in and kissed her. She guided his shaft into herself. She had the thought that it belonged to her. She might lend it out to others for some fun. But it, and the being known as Mike that it was attached to, belonged to her, and her to him.
Her heart belonged to him, and his heart belonged to her. In this moment they weren't two beings having sex, they were two souls becoming one. They came simultaneously. And for the first time ever, his orgasm wasn't a huge spectacle. It wasn't a Las Vegas fountain shooting a hundred feet into the air. It was subdued.
Mike rolled off of her and they faced each other, tenderly caressing each others face. "Will you marry me?"
The words came out before he realized he had said them. They had only known each other for a short period of time. There is no way they should be even thinking about marriage at this point. But, he knew it was right.
And so did Aahna. She kissed his lips and said "Yes," as tears streamed down her face.
*****
(Just a clarification and a question. First, Drewau pointed out that the ending sounds like Mike is fixed. That was not the idea I meant to give. I just wanted a more sensual romantic ending, which is hard to do with a mount Vesuvius sized cum shot. Further more, Mike is not really broken.
Second, I thought this would be a great spot to end this story and start working on other projects. I love how sweetly this ended. Drewau said that he, and probably most of you, would like to see more chapters. I have about three more in mind if I do continue it. So, I'll leave it up to you. Comment with whether I should continue the story or not. And, thanks for reading.)