(This is part of the series beginning withMoo)
Moo, the hucow superhero capable of overcoming almost any villain with powerful milk blasts from her heavy breasts, was becoming a familiar sight in the city's skies, by day and by night. Naked except for her horned cow mask and cow tail (emerging from the butt plug between her curvaceous buttocks), she was a voluptuous sight that struck fear in the hearts of the city's criminals, who dreaded more than anything hearing a loud "Moo!" coming from behind them as they went about their nefarious business, and turning to see her dripping nipples aimed at them.
She was enormously popular with the public at large, however, not least because of her titanic breasts, which bounced enticingly as she flew and fought her battles against evil. She had even earned an international reputation as a humanitarian, after she flew to a famine-devastated village and fed the entire village for a week singlehanded (and double-breasted). Moo was a wet dream come to life, in more ways than one.
She even had a devout fan club of teenage girls fanatically trying to induce lactation to become more like their powerful role model (though their mothers were struggling to hold the line against the public nudity). Butt plug cow tails were even selling out on Amazon.
Little did Moo know, however, that one of the city's supervillains was plotting her defeat. Neuro, a brilliant mad scientist with an extensive underground organization, had discovered Moo's deepest secret--that a taste of her own delicious milk would temporarily strip her of her powers, leaving her just a helpless naked woman with an oversized chest. And fortunately for Neuro, Moo left puddles of milk behind her everywhere she went...
Captured!
One evening, while Moo was patrolling her city, she saw a large number of suspicious-looking thugs gathering at the back of an electronics warehouse. Obviously, they were preparing to break in. Not on her watch! She landed in their midst, breasts bouncing as her bare feet hit the ground, and ready for battle. As she opened her mouth to utter her trademark battle cry, however, the thugs all whipped out brightly colored plastic water pistols and aimed them at her face. "Water pistols? Really?" she started laughing hard, but then started coughing instead as they simultaneously fired and some of the liquid got in her mouth, and she couldn't help swallowing it. She realized in shock that they had been shooting milk at her, and not just any milk. It had to be her own, judging by the sickening feeling in the pit of her stomach as she felt her powers evaporating, and the equally sickening realization that she was now standing naked and defenseless in the middle of a crowd of leering criminals.
Horrified, she turned to run, but they easily grabbed her arms and legs and flipped her to the ground. She was quickly hogtied, ankles tied to wrists behind her, after which she had an unnecessarily large ball gag thrust into her mouth to stop her shrieking, and a blindfold was fastened over her eyes. The thugs, or more precisely henchmen, then loaded their quivering package of flesh into the back of a van, and took off. Poor Moo had no idea what was happening or where they were taking her, but it was a long drive, with too many twists and turns for her to remember.
She found herself praying that they would be stupid enough to rape her--the only way to get her powers back was to orgasm hard, and then she would just need a little recovery time. She did feel many hands fondling her buttocks and breasts, and occasionally tweaking her nipples hard, or slapping her ass, which was nice enough, but it wasn't going to get her anywhere close to orgasm. Why were these guys showing such unusual self-restraint? She was finding it hard even to think through the haze of mindless lust that always followed the loss of her powers; her body knew what it needed and was becoming more and more insistent.
When they finally got to what she would discover was Neuro's lair, rough hands carried her from the van and deposited her, none too gently, on a floor. Her blindfold was pulled off, and she found herself lying on her side on a gray and white marble floor, still gagged and hogtied, with her mammaries spilling off to one side, and blinking up at a short, pudgy man with oversized eyeglasses and a very smug look on his face.
Neuro, who obviously loved the sound of his own voice (a trait he shared with Moo), proudly introduced himself as the most brilliant supervillain alive. He summarized his thorough research into Moo's weaknesses, and the ingenious steps he had taken to exploit them and capture her, including the deployment of an army of tiny spider-bots to suck up any milk puddles she left behind and transport them swiftly to Neuro's lair.
He was well aware of how dangerous she could be, which was why he had given his minions strict instructions not to risk giving her any sexual satisfaction whatsoever, and to keep their hands well away from her genitals. Through her fog of lust, she heard him tell her that she would not be allowed any sexual release until she could be safely secured. She dizzily wondered what that meant, since naked and hogtied seemed pretty damn secure.
She was relieved to hear Neuro announce magnanimously that he had no plans to kill her; instead, she would serve as a living trophy and monument to his greatness for the rest of her life, or even longer...
Her New Home
She soon discovered what "living trophy" meant. Neuro waved his hand, and several of the minions picked up her hogtied body and carried her into the next room, where she was held up in the air, breasts swinging slightly, so she could look at what appeared to be a very sturdy high-tech bondage display rack at the center of a shallow, elongated oval metal bowl on wheels, with a thick base and walls that presumably concealed equipment. Chunky metal boxes were located in front of and behind the bondage rack itself, at opposite ends of the bowl's deck. This, she deduced, was to be her new home. She could tell not just from context, but also from the conspicuous nameplate at its base that read "Moo." She stared at the shiny black machine numbly, drooling around the edges of her ball gag, but found it strangely beautiful, with sleek glossy curves. Neuro had obviously been planning her capture for a very long time; she had a feeling that this thing's dimensions would match her body's measurements exactly.
Neuro grinned at the shocked look in her eyes, and gleefully pointed out the thick metal collar that would be locked around her throat to hold her head in place and provide continuous telemetry on her pulse, respiration, and blood pressure. It could also administer severe electrical shocks if the bondage frame's onboard AI decided she deserved punishment. He showed her the robotic arms (from Atom Co., she noted approvingly, judging by the famous logo - at least Neuro had gone with top-of-the-line female manipulation technology) with solid padded cuffs that would hold her ankles, wrists, and thighs. He proudly pointed out that each restrain had unique digital cipher locks with keys known only to him, so no one else would ever get them open once they closed on her.
Once installed, Neuro announced ominously, she was never going to leave this bondage rack. For the rest of her life as his office cow, she would mostly be held in the same position -- arms stretched out behind her, legs bent at the knees with ankles next to her meaty buttocks, knees stretched very wide apart to maximize access to her vagina, and her torso leaning far forward so that her heavy breasts hung freely, for easier milking. The bondage rack's robotic arms could also lift and rotate her into any position needed, whatever that meant.
Neuro then pointed out, still grinning, that the devices in front of and behind where these restraints would hold her in position were her bondage rack's integrated milking machine and fucking machine, both controlled by the bondage rack's onboard AI. When the AI's hormone level sensors registered an orgasm, the AI would automatically spray Moo's stored milk into Moo's mouth to block any recovery of her powers. She would, of course, immediately become desperate for an orgasm, as she was now. The AI, monitoring her physiological responses to pain and pleasure stimuli, and applying sophisticated machine learning algorithms to them, would gradually learn how her body operated. It would be able to either give her an immediate orgasm, or torment her by keeping her on the edge for hours before allowing her release. The AI would also decide for itself how long to let the painful pressure in her breasts build up before allowing her a milking session.
Neuro lovingly described how the AI would also continually monitor her weight, hunger, and thirst, and would feed and water her as needed through a permanent feeding gag with a tube down her throat, precisely calculating the calorie intake needed to maintain her weight. It would keep her alive in her display rack indefinitely with almost no human intervention, since the motorized bondage frame could navigate under its own power for automated refills its onboard water and nutrient tanks. Neuro intended to keep Moo forever.
Neuro half seemed to be expecting Moo to admire the brilliant design of this system, which she was not in the mood to do at the moment, regardless of his boasting. She had to admit to herself that it was a gorgeous piece of equipment, though, and it was an impressive technical achievement, if it could do everything that Neuro claimed. It was light-years beyond the bondage rack she had at home for her occasional self-bondage games.
But apparently even Neuro could get tired of hearing himself talk. "And now, you interfering bitch," he barked, "will you show a little dignity and get in under your own power?" The implied "or else" was obvious, and Moo meekly nodded from her bound perch in the thugs' arms. One of them pulled out a knife and slashed through the ropes of her hogtie to release her, and she straightened her legs to place her bare feet on the cold marble floor. Taking a deep breath, she then walked steadily over to her new home, stepped inside the device's rim to the spot where Neuro had directed her, and turned to face Neuro and his henchmen. She almost hefted her breasts and aimed her nipples at them, out of force of habit, but remembered her situation, and backed up obediently as ordered until her feet approached the ankle restraints.
Automatic Installation
Events proceeded shockingly quickly after that. A calm baritone voice suddenly announced from a loudspeaker (evidently the AI could talk), "Cow detected. Commencing installation." Restraints immediately locked into place around Moo's ankles and thighs, yanking them wide apart, and lifted her off the floor effortlessly, while other powerful robotic arms simultaneously snapped cuffs around Moo's wrists and upper arms, pulling her arms taut behind her and raising them so that her torso was tilted far forward, her breasts dangling below it. This had only taken seconds, and her breasts were still swinging from the way her body had been moved around so forcefully. With the angle she had been placed in, she could feel her thick tail now falling across her exposed and sensitive labia; that was the least of her problems at the moment, however. She had been efficiently immobilized.
"Cow's limbs secured. Phase 1 of installation complete."
Robotic arms quickly placed the heavy metal collar around her neck, snapped it shut, and locked it to one of the vertical poles, immobilizing her neck and head. She wondered exactly how many electronic sensors were in that thing, for it to weigh so much. At least the inner face of the collar seemed to be padded.
"Cow's head secured. Biological telemetry now online. Phase 2 of installation complete." (Moo kind of resented the AI's referring to her as a cow, but she supposed that was what she was now. She guessed that the constant repetition was intended to reinforce this self-image.)
Moo still had the drool-covered ballgag in her mouth, but now that her head was immobilized, a robotic arm plucked it out of her mouth. She might have had half a second to utter some kind of sound, but before she could even try, other robotic arms wedged her mouth open, inserted a soft but rigid ring gag, and fed a tube through it down her throat, ending with a feeder gag that filled most of her mouth and expanded to lock securely onto her ring gag. The front of the feeder gag had a connector to which a hose hooked to her collar was attached. She tried to squeal, but nothing emerged from her doubly-gagged and intubated mouth.
"Cow's mouth secured. Phase 3 of installation complete."
Moo was still panting in shock at the speed and force with which this machine had manhandled and silenced her when the milking machine in front of her came to life, rolled forward to a spot just below her udders, and locked into place with a click. The targeting cameras on top of the machine looked up at her udders and found her thick brown nipples, and the machine fired a pair of transparent tubes ending in suction cups to seize them with great precision, landing with a painful impact that made her mammoth breasts ripple and quake for several seconds. The suction cups immediately latched tightly onto Moo's bosom. She tried to swing her breasts from side to side to dislodge them, but the suction cups refused to budge. Her nipples were well and truly caught, and the machine had done it all automatically. She had never even imagined a self-latching milking machine. That was one impressive piece of technology, she thought admiringly. Maybe Neuro was half as good as he thought he was, though he seemed to have a thing for overpowered equipment.
"Cow's nipples secured. Phase 4 of installation complete."
Moo continued silently panting.
"Proceeding with cow's initial milking."
The milking machine began alternating its suction between Moo's breasts, first one breast and then the other leaping and bouncing as its nipple was drawn sharply into the suction cup. Moo watched in astonishment as one big nipple and then the other was yanked forward and then released, with white streams of milk flowing rapidly through the tubes. She had a milking machine back at her own secret headquarters, of course, but this device was at least an order of magnitude more powerful, and it was likely to drain her faster than she'd ever experienced, at least if it didn't pull her nipples off. The force it was using was painful, but she thought she could probably get used to it (not that she would have a choice). Once again, she was impressed by Neuro's engineering skills.
"Secondary milk reservoir filled from cow's udders."
Moo wondered why secondary came before primary, but soon found out. A new tube rose from the floor of her bondage frame and slid into her mouth through a recessed channel on the side of the feeder gag, into which it locked. Her mouth was promptly flooded with her own milk, and she had to gulp several times to get all of it down, or choke. Any prospect of regaining her powers in the immediate future was now gone. Neuro was definitely not taking any chances with her.
At least she did enjoy the taste of her milk, which was lucky, since that was probably the only thing she would be tasting for the foreseeable future, while nameless glop dripped through her feeding tube. Was this... a kindness? It would have been much simpler for Neuro just to send the milk directly to her stomach through the same feeding tube, and this seemed unnecessarily complicated. Not that she was in a position to criticize--a bit of milk might help keep her sane.
"Cow's superpowers have been blocked. Continuing to milk cow."
The whisper-quiet milking machine was still sucking away at her rapidly jiggling udders. Moo thought it would probably continue until the secondary reservoir was topped up again, and then fill the primary reservoir from what was left in her breasts. She idly wondered what would happen if she could out-produce the milking machine's ability to keep pace with her prodigious output. It would be some time yet, she expected.
She had been so distracted by what was happening in front of her, and the intensity of her milking experience, that in spite of her desperate need for an orgasm, Moo had forgotten about the other machine crouching out of sight behind her. She suddenly heard a faint whir as it advanced smoothly toward its naked prey, and then another click as the fucking machine locked into place below her nethers, just as its counterpart had locked into place below her udders.
She assumed that since it had been designed by the same mad scientist, this machine also had targeting cameras which were now staring at her dripping wet vagina, and that it must have an expert knowledge of female anatomy. (It occurred to her to wonder how it had been trained; surely she was not its first pussy.) Did it like what it saw between her legs, and did it know what to do with it? She placed all her senses on high alert, bracing herself for the touch she knew was imminent, but she did not know what to expect--foreplay, a delicate exploration of her genitals, or a straightforward fuck? Strangely enough, the first thing she actually felt was a gentle pull on her cow tail, which an unseen robotic arm was lifting up vertically until she felt it tighten and tug just a touch on her butt plug. Could the AI really be smart enough to hold her tail out of the way? Well, that was considerate! She approved.
Then her eyes went wide as she was abruptly impaled from behind by an enormous dildo that began ramming into her over and over again with powerful strokes, driving her body forward while the milking machine in front of her was still jerking on her udders, which began bouncing around in an entirely different way under the combined impact on her bound body. Apparently the AI had concluded, correctly, that she was so wet that no lubrication or foreplay was needed. And in fact, it did not take many more strokes before she was shaking in an explosive, thunderous orgasm that by rights would have had her howling, if she still had a voice.
"Cow has been fucked," the AI's narrator voice helpfully announced the obvious. Neuro and his henchmen clapped and cheered.
Moo started to drift off toward unconsciousness as the two devices continued violently using her, front and back, in their own sweet rhythm. She was pleased that she had been given to an AI that was so good at multitasking... She roused briefly when her mouth filled with the mandatory post-orgasm dose of milk again and she had to swallow quickly, as the AI calmly assured everyone present that "Cow's orgasm detected. Cow's superpowers have been blocked. Continuing to milk and fuck cow." Her last thought as she drifted off to sleep, still hanging from her restraints with her breasts bouncing madly, was that this might actually be a lot of fun.