This is a continuation of a previous story about my experience injuring my hip and needing to get some scans done to diagnose the problem. I recommend reading Chapter 1 first.
~~~
It was a Thursday morning and I arrived again at the imaging clinic where I'd had my previous scans done a week ago. I was returning as my doctor had ordered some more scans and an injection as well.
The clinic had definitely left an impression on me after my last visit. Between the voluptuous and flirty 40-something brunette receptionist and the petite auburn haired mid twenties nurse, who had taken things a bit further than normal during the exam, my cock had needed a few days to completely settle down.
I'd visited the gym several times in the last week in anticipation of today and even had a light breakfast to be extra trim for the appointment. My biceps, abs and even leg muscles were popping. But the most impressive muscle on me was still my impressively well-endowed cock, just over 9 inches when erect. It was vain of me but I enjoyed showing off my hard work in the gym and these women had clearly enjoyed it so I was more than happy to oblige.
As I entered the reception area I noticed the familiar face - and body - of the mature woman working at the desk from last week. She glanced up from her work and immediately broke out a smile.
"Mr Douglas! Back so soon. It's wonderful to see you again." She said.
I grinned back as I comfortably walked up and started some chit chat with her. I was a bit early for my appointment so I took the time to learn a bit more about her. We enjoyed a playful banter and I discovered a few things: firstly that her name was Lisa and secondly that she was also - in addition to a receptionist at the clinic - a qualified massage therapist. Actually she explained that having this job was helpful for acquiring clients as well.
Learning that she was also a massage therapist instantly got my brain wandering into some naughty thoughts and I think she could tell. I asked her "So what kinds of massage do you do? And how long have you been doing it?"
"Well I started with very traditional techniques over 10 years ago. Swedish relaxation massage for example, I then expanded into Thai and remedial sports massage which is what led me here. Lately I've been exploring some more alternative types though." She added with a smile.
I was about to ask what those "alternatives" might be exactly but we were interrupted by the arrival of Sandie - the nurse from last week.
"Hello there Mr Douglas" she cheerfully greeted me. "Are you ready for round two?" She added with a little attitude.
I just chuckled and said I was "always ready" which elicited laughs from both of them.
"Great" the nurse replied, before turning to the receptionist and adding "Oh Lisa actually. We've run out of Johnnys I think, could you grab a new pack for me?"
"No problem. We received some packages yesterday. I'll open a new box" said Lisa.
I wasn't sure what a Johnny was but I figured it was medical jargon for something. Before I had a chance to ask either of them though Sandie told me to follow her.
Once again Sandie and I walked down the corridors towards the imaging area with her leading the way. I enjoyed the view of her delightful ass as we went. I swear she swayed her hips a bit more this time as she walked but, most surprising of all, I didn't see a pantyline this time. Was she wearing panties? Surely she was wearing something under those smocks? A thong perhaps?
We entered the familiar examination room from last time. It had a large scanning machine, a safety area with controls for taking the scans and a small changing area to the side with an expandable privacy shield. I couldn't help but notice that the privacy shield was a bit more retracted this time in comparison to last week though.
"Let's see what we're working with today," Sandie said as she proceeded to look over my referral. Her brow furrowed as she entered into her work mode and concentrated on the details. "More scans, different angles and - oh - an injection of a contrasting agent... I see."
"Okay Mr Douglas. You can get undressed again over there" she said while gesturing at the changing area.
"No probs" I said and started kicking my shoes off when I realised she hadn't given me a medical gown like last time. "I need one of those blue gowns right?" I added.
"Oh, yes. Of course. A 'johnny' is what we call them. Lisa is just fetching one for us..." she explained, answering the mystery of the jargon from earlier.
"Ah. Should I wait?" I said.
She tilted her head and smiled while looking me straight in the eye. "Up to you really. I don't mind."
I enjoyed her little bluff and decided to play her game. I pulled off my t-shirt and started unbuttoning my jeans, not even bothering to step behind the privacy screen while she stood watching me.
Finally I got down to my underwear like last time. My cock had already been reacting to the attention and playfulness between us. I could feel it had already unfurled to around 7 inches of its full 9 inch glory.
But then she added an extra surprise for me, "Oh actually... Mr Douglas. I forgot to mention that... since you're going to need an injection we need clear access to your left hip..." she explained slowly with an innocent tone. "So those are going to need to come off as well" glancing down at my trunks.
Like I said, I was genuinely surprised but it made sense. They weren't going to put a needle through a pair of clothes after all.
I looked at her and there was a silence between us as I knew she was waiting to see if I'd take them off right in front of her. Or would I step behind the privacy screen and finally show some semblance of shyness.
'Screw it' I thought to myself, I grabbed the elastics of my trunks with my thumbs and pulled them down in a single quick motion, stepping out of them as I stood back up straight. Finally giving her a complete view of what she'd been so close to seeing last time I was here. My cock was quickly hardening and was now at 8" at least, hanging heavily in front of me and bending down to the ground like a monster. The veins of my abs running down to the base of my shaft and bulging out.
She stared for a few seconds with her eyes widening and clearly impressed. She almost looked like she was lost in a little dream.
But that didn't last long as suddenly the exam door opened and we both heard a familiar voice start to say "Hey Sandie, it turns out-"
It was Lisa, the receptionist. She half-barged into the room, initially only seeing Sandie before opening the door enough for me to enter her view. I stood there, complete nude in front of both of them. "Oh..." Lisa said with genuine surprise, her eyes dropping to my enormous manhood and her mouth becoming a bit slack jawed.
My instinctual reaction was to start moving my hands to cover myself but then I stopped - and decided to let her take it in. It was a surprise to be in this situation, but I was enjoying showing off to these gorgeous women and I knew they liked it too.
"Ever heard of knocking Lisa?" Sandie quipped in a not-very-impressed manner.
"Wow I'm... really sorry" Lisa stammered out. Still finding it hard to recover from what she was seeing. "It turns out the Johnny's haven't arrived yet. The package..." she stopped, realising the awkwardness of her choice of words. "Umm, I opened... the... package and it wasn't... it was something else actually."
"I see." replied Sandie, staying composed "So we're out of gowns?"
"It sure looks like it..." Lisa said, still looking like a bit of a deer in headlights at the sight of me.
Sandie stepped towards Lisa and pushed her out of the room while closing the door to talk to her. I heard their muffled voices in the corridor and a bit of a louder surprised tone in the conversation as well. I smirked as I could imagine even though Sandie had told Lisa about our encounter last week, there was still a difference between seeing and believing.
I stood there wondering what would happen next. Maybe I'd need to come back another day?
Finally Sandie re-entered the room, composed as ever and smoothly suggested "So, it's true. Unfortunately we are out of gowns. The shipment is expected in a couple of hours apparently... But you're already here and I'd hate to waste your time by asking you to come back. What do you think? Would you be comfortable proceeding as you are?" she asked sweetly.
Again, none of this was what I was expecting but that didn't mean I wasn't enjoying it and curious to see where else it might go. I responded affirmatively "Of course. I trust you to take good care of me" I said with a little smirk.
She giggled a little while biting her lower lip. "Of course Mr Douglas" she added. "Now, we must start by administering the injection. It will contain a fluid that will help reveal more information about your injury during the scanning process. If you could just lie down here, like last time?" and she patted the bed-like scanning machine again.
Once again I confidently walked up to the machine, my cock bobbing back and forth with my steps. An almost audible smacking sound echoed in the very quiet room as my manhood lightly slapped against my thighs.
Finally I hopped up onto the machine and laid down, my cock falling to the left side and draping itself across my hip. I was still in control though, I wasn't completely erect but it was now very clear to Sandie just how huge I was. I laid back and put my hands behind my head acting cool and watching her.
She placed her hands on either side of my hips, her warm hands were almost sweaty with anticipation and she looked a little flushed. Her smooth manner was starting to crack as I could tell she was becoming insanely turned on.
She made some adjustments to my position and then said "Of course, we'll need to move this though" and before waiting for a response from me, she gently placed her right hand on to my monster cock and let her fingers simply fall down around my length. I was a bit surprised by her forwardness but I didn't stop her.
She paused for a split second before clasping it completely and lifting it up, shifting it from lying over my left hip to instead splay out across the right side of my abdomen.
My cock couldn't help but swell further and I could see some precum oozing out, leaving a glistening thread of cum from the head back to where it had been sitting a moment earlier.
She paused once more, unnecessarily letting her hand stay on my monstrous appendage and staring down at it. Probably enjoying the pulsing warm feeling of it.
"There we go" she said as she almost reluctantly let go of me and returned to her composed state, sweetly smiling down at me again. She didn't completely retract her hand though, she let it gently rest on my right thigh. I gulped and breathed.
"Now," she added "the next step is that I apply some disinfectant before we do the injection." I quietly nodded to her. She then proceeded to take some cotton balls and cover them in disinfectant before applying the fluid to my left hip in slow long strokes. This took a few minutes as she applied multiple coats and almost lovingly took her time with the process.
I enjoyed every moment and remained hard. Finally she finished and then dropped another big surprise on me. "Okay. Mr Douglas. You're ready now. I'm just going to fetch the Doctor so she can administer the injection. Alright?"
My eyes widened. "Doctor?" I said, "You won't do the injection?" I panicked ever so slightly. Up until now I was pretty comfortable as last week I'd learned that these women were flirty and turned on around me. I could tell they had enjoyed everything so far and while it wasn't professional, they were up for it.
Now Sandie was telling me that another staff member was about to waltz in and see me on complete display, a rock hard cock and no medical gown to hide behind?
I then realised that Sandie had known I would be unsettled by this. "Oh don't fret. She's a professional and she's seen plenty of naked bodies before. Yours is no different... Well, for the most part" she said with a wink and a devilish grin.
She hopped up and walked out to find the doctor. As she left she said that she'd explain to the doctor the situation with the gown shortage as well.
I laid there and my mind started racing. Wondering what this doctor would be like. Realising that it made sense that the nurse would have prepped me for this part and now the doctor was necessary for the trickiest part of the process. My cock started to shrink a little as I felt unprepared for this. I looked down to see, I'd retreated to a still impressive 6 inches but hardly showing off what I was capable of.
Before I had another moment to think about it though, I heard the click clack of high heels in the corridor and Nurse Sandie returned. This time with her doctor colleague.
"You must be Sam. Sam Douglas?" the doctor said as she confidently entered the room. She knew this was her domain and she didn't seem to even flinch at the sight of my muscular body laid out on full display with a semi-hard cock and precum dripping out over me.
"Hi. Yes that's me" I said a little uncomposed.
I looked at her and took a sharp breath. She was absolutely stunning. Taller than Sandie the nurse or Lisa the receptionist, the doctor was roughly 5' 6" with blonde hair, red lipstick, a matching red dress under her white doctor's coat. I couldn't judge her body easily at this angle or with the coat around her but I could at least tell she had a sizable pair of breasts on her. And she looked trim based on her legs. My best guess of her age was mid to late thirties.
"Wonderful. Sandie has... prepared you I see," the doctor said while looking up and down my body. "My name is Doctor Jennings" she added, "How are you today?"
"Good!... Surviving!" I said, trying to lighten up the awkwardness of the situation.
She chuckled and without hesitation she began organising herself to perform the injection.
"That's good. We want everyone to be comfortable here" she explained. I could see the nurse waiting on standby as Doctor Jennings did her work. Sandie was smiling with her hands behind her back, clearly enjoying being the observer.
Soon Doctor Jennings was ready with the injection, watching her confidently work and the way she carried herself was again a bit of a turn on. My cock had started to lengthen again and now was back to roughly 7 and a half inches long. Still dribbling precum from everything going on.
She placed the needle against my skin and told me not to worry. She then slid it in and watched a monitor nearby, presumably helping her guide the angle somehow with the machinery. "There we go" she said as she slipped inside me further.
With one hand she held the needle, the other she rested on right-side of my abdomen to stabilise herself. Unfortunately she obviously hadn't predicted how much my cock could grow though as I continued to expand and finally reach my complete 9 inches of full length.
This meant that my cock actually pushed up against her hand and continued its pressure until it lifted itself up and over a couple of her fingers. This caused her to flick her eyes away from the monitor and I could see she was visibly surprised to discover I had extended myself that far.
"Oh my-" she said matter of factly and looked me in the eyes. "Looks like someone else wants to administer an injection too?" I didn't even know what to say.
By this stage my cock was throbbing and I held my breath slightly. Before I had a chance to say anything though, she pushed her thumb down on the syringe and I suddenly felt the fluid of the injection release inside of me. At the same time my cock became absolutely rock solid by the bizarre taboo of the situation.
I felt like she was in complete control and I nearly exploded right there, which would've been an immensely embarrassing situation. Thankfully I was able to maintain control and I kept eye contact with her until she finally emptied the syringe into me.
"And... all done" she said as she pulled the syringe out and immediately cleaned the area again. Applying a small bandage as well. "Not so bad was it?" she said innocently "Mr Douglas it almost looked like you enjoyed it." she added with a smirk.
She stepped up and turned away brusquely, leaving me there in semi-disbelief and a throbbing cock that was desperately in need of release. Doctor Jennings said a couple of things to Nurse Sandie before leaving and waved goodbye as she left to attend to other important duties.
Nurse Sandie stepped back up to me and said "Now, don't forget we still have the scans to do!"
I snapped back to reality and looked at her. "Oh yeah" I said.
I took another deep breath and let Sandie approach, once again adjusting me for the scanner and taking her time to do so. My cock was still pulsing and rock hard from the entire situation.
After the adjustments, she stepped away to the control room and operated the scanner. She took a series of scans and I waited, still desperate to have privacy so I could release the pressure that was in my cock and balls.
Finally she finished and while I couldn't make out what she was doing exactly, I saw her crouch down slightly while organising something. She then turned to a sink area and I heard a water tap run a bit. She returned with a bowl and what looked like a small white cloth. "I'll just wipe that disinfectant off you, okay? Would you like that?"
I just nodded silently, wondering where this might go.
She proceeded to plunge the small white cloth into the water, squeeze it out a bit and then started sliding it up and down my left thigh. The water was soapy and warm. She repeated the process several times. My penis was begging for her attention and she knew it.
Finally it seemed she was finished. However, she paused for a moment.
She looked me in the eyes and I looked back. A few seconds passed and then without breaking eye contact and without saying a word she put the cloth back into the warm water again. She squeezed it out, and with her right hand holding it, she lowered the cloth down over my rockhard, red-hot member that was now practically shaking itself desperate for attention. My breath became shallow. She slowly ran her hand up and down my cock, I could feel the texture of the cloth grazing against my skin and her hand squeezing me through it.
She took her time with the process, expertly moving up and down all nine inches of my glorious cock. She practically worshiped it and I felt like she was almost bathing me.
Finally she started to pick up the speed and I couldn't handle it anymore. All the tension in the air from the receptionist, the doctor and now this. At last, my cock erupted - I grunted as ropes of cum blew out of my penis and across my chest. She continued to pump me as my body shook, she squirmed on the stool she sat, rocking back and forth. She had been gyrating her hips into the seat. I then realised she was close as well and suddenly she bit her lower lip and furrowed her brow, her body convulsed as well.
We both found our breaths after sharing this moment. It was obvious this had gone further than either of us had expected. She finally stepped up, grabbed some paper towel and wiped me down again. She squeezed the cloth out again in the water and put it aside.
I leaned up as she finished composing herself.
"Ahem," she cleared her throat, looking away from me and said "So Mr Douglas. I'll leave you to get dressed. Lisa will be waiting for you at the reception." I think even she was shocked at what she had done.
"And you can keep those - if you like" she added, while glancing towards the white cloth she had wiped me with. I looked at it, slightly confused and then realised it wasn't a wash cloth at all. It was a woman's thong, another mystery explained.
Before I had a chance to say anything though she left the room. I gingerly got up and changed. I wrung out the underwear and put them in my pocket.
I walked back to the reception and chatted again with Lisa. She was flirting even more than before, touching her hair absentmindedly while we spoke. She couldn't get enough of me. I finished paying and thanked her again.
When leaving I said "Well, I probably won't need any more scans for a while."
"Oh yes that's a shame." she said, looking a little glum "but you know where to find us. The details are all in the paperwork." she added with a mysterious little smile.
"Yeah. That makes sense." I said. Although I felt like I was missing something.
As I walked back to my car I looked down at the invoice and paperwork, I then realised a business card was stuck under the paperclip: 'Lisa Regio - Swedish, Thai, Sport Therapy, Lomi Lomi, Shiatsu and extra-sensory massage.'
I held the card in my hand and just laughed. 'Let's see where this goes' I thought to myself.
(To be continued.)