It's late at night, I'm totally exhausted from my long day and it's time for me to relax. I take a nice, long, warm, soothing shower. The warm water easing my tired aching body. I retreat to my bedroom and toweling myself dry, I look out the window, noticing a full, silver moon. Its soft glow shining down making the night almost like day. I decide to open my window to share my evening with the warm summer wind. As I stand there, naked, letting the warm breeze finish drying me, I look outside. My mind begins to wander, an erotic scene starts to form in my mind and I feel a warm, rushing, tingle begin to form in the depths of my loins.
Almost unconsciously, I begin to caress my breasts in a soft slow circular motion as my nipples become erect. My pussy aches for more as I slowly, caressingly, slide my hand down to my mound, my fingers trailing softly down my body until they gently brush my pubic hair. Then they begin burrowing, to expose the moisture starting to pool between my legs. My excitement increases as I open my drawer and expose my 8" vibrator, almost as if unconsciously, I pick it up and begin to insert it inside my wet center. I slowly slide the humming missile in and out, as I dream of licking and sucking on a hard cock. My orgasmic hips arch high as I bury the missile deep inside me and I moan in ecstasy. I ease it out, bringing it to my mouth where my tongue licks it and my lips surround it, tasting the tangy tart juice from my own loins.
Suddenly startled, I freeze! I become aware of a rustling noise from outside. I glance up and notice a tall, dark, athletic stranger glaring at me from outside my window. His face is partially in shadow, but I can see his hand as he reaches to his crotch and rubs the long bulge of his hard cock. I stand here frozen, I still have the dildo at my lips, my hand still squeezing my breast. He steps forward, almost touching the screen and his eyes seek mine. Our eyes lock and I see the hunger, lust, desire and craving need in his. "Don't stop" he says, as he unzips his jeans and slowly pulls his bulging cock from inside.
I lower my eyes to his cock, my eyes opening wide at the sight of his huge manhood, he becomes even harder and more erect, his hand ever so slowly stroking it, up and down. My mouth goes dry, then I begin to salivate like a dog, the need to suck his huge cock overpowering. I close my eyes and begin to seductively suck the vibrator into my mouth, imagining it's his throbbing cock. I glance at him again and his eyes are staring intently at my face, watching as I devour the dildo, listening to the wet slurping, sucking noises my mouth is making. Slowly teasingly I pull the vibrator from my mouth and trace it down my chin, around my nipples, down my body, finally easing it inside of me, until it is buried in my warm, wet, grasping pussy. As he licks his lips and strokes his cock, he glances back into my eyes and whispers "please".
Without thought my hands begin their work again...for him. This time I squeeze my breasts, harder now, kneading them roughly. Pinching and pulling on my nipples, stretching them as far and long as I can. The hand holding the dildo begins thrusting it rhythmically in and out of my sopping cunt. I spread my feet wide apart, to expose myself as fully as I can to his hungry eyes. It's not enough, I look around, my desk chair is there, within reach. Letting go of the dildo, I drag the chair over, in front of the window and sit, leaning back, legs spread wide, feet up on the shelf below the window. Now I am tilted back, my breasts thrust up and out, toward him. My pussy spread wide, gapping open for him. My cunt, my ass and the dildo fully exposed to his burning eyes.
All the while he's staring intently at my every move, licking his lips and growling, like a starving wolf. He eases closer, pulls his shirt over his head, unsnaps his jeans and lets them slide to the ground. The head of his cock is poking against the screen, straining to get through, the only thing now separating the two of us. "Do it", he growls and I begin again to fuck my dripping pussy. It's so wet the insides of my thighs glisten, my hand is covered up to my wrist with my juices, and with an ever increasing rhythm I fuck myself with the big fat dildo. Watching his every move.
He's steadily pumping his cock, keeping rhythm with my thrusts of the rubber phallus as I'm shoving it in and out of myself. I see his hips plunge forward with each stroke, his cock is straining to get to my soft, hot, wet pussy. The head rams against the screen pushing it, testing it, making it bulge inward, trying to break through. I hear an animal sound, a deep guttural groaning. Then I realize, it's coming from me. My mouth is open, wet, empty, my tongue is licking and thrusting, reaching, needing the hard cock which he is pumping furiously with his hand.
"Harder, bitch! Faster...come on, fuck that cunt for me" he growls at me. And like the lust crazed animal that I am, I spread myself even wider, placing a foot on each side of the window frame, opening myself to his hot, rabid, glaring eyes and start ramming the cock deeper and faster into my aching, throbbing pussy.
"Oh God, please! Stroke Your cock for me. Ram it, pump it, like You're drilling it deep into my wet sloppy cunt" I moan to him. And he growls an awful animal sound and grunts loudly as he pumps even faster and harder.
"I'm gonna tear that pussy of yours apart. I'll bury this thing so deep up inside you My cum will pour out of your mouth...bitch. You want that, huh? Do you cunt, tell me? What do You want?"
And with that, I throw my head back and moan "Yes, oh God yes...do it. Fuck me, give me pain, give me cum, hurt me, fuck me, use me like the cock hungry slut that I am." Looking back into his eyes I yell "and do it NOW, fuck me pleeeeease...I need to cuuuuummmm." With that I give one last deep, hard, driving, pain filled thrust with the dildo and yank it out. Screaming, my cum squirts out of me, splattering the screen and wall. My hips are jerking and pumping, like I still have a cock ramming hard inside me. My pussy is twitching and spasming so hard I can hear it making wet, sloppy sucking sounds as I feel my juices gushing from me and flowing freely down my legs.
I watch him as he throws back his head, howls like an animal in pain, rams his cock through the screen and shoots gobs of cum all over my face, breasts, belly and cunt. Growling, I lunge forward, opening my mouth, trying to catch his cum in mid-air before I take his still squirting, throbbing, jerking cock all the way down my throat. Sucking as hard as I can to get every last drop of his cum from him. Slurping, licking, swallowing every bit I can get until not a drop of his precious fluid is left. He's just standing there now, hands on the sides of the window, hips shoved hard against the screen, head leaning against it, watching as I finish him off with my greedy mouth.
"Yeah baby, that's it, come on, suck it good, get it all. It's all for you, you little cum hungry slut, all yours". Finally his cock slowly softens and despite my continued sucking, slips from my mouth, falling down against the screen. I lean back again, rubbing his cum all over my body. Scooping it up and sticking my fingers in my mouth, sucking and slurping as much of it off as I can. I put my feet back up on the shelf, spread my legs WIDE, reach down and with my fingers spread my cunt lips wide open for him. I want him to see my cum, to see just how much I came, the juices still oozing from me, my cunt still jerking and gasping, still wanting something more to milk, to suck, to devour.
He slowly eases his cock from the hole he made in the screen, and with his right hand, he reaches through the screen tearing it further apart. Urgently touching my cunt, his fingers burrow into me until he shoves them up inside of me. Thrusting, ramming, fucking my pussy with his hand. One, two, three, four fingers enter me, thrusting until my cunt grips the shank of his hand. "Come on baby, give me one more. I know you've got some more cum in there, I can feel your pussy throbbing, it's wanting to give me more, it's trying to get it out. Give me one more load, so I can drink your cum and know the taste of your sweet juices".
I begin humping his hand, grabbing his forearm, I look him in the eyes again and say "Come on baby, fist me! Please! Do it! Slam Your big hard fist deep up inside of me. Bury Your hand and arm in my hot, wet, needy cunt. Pull my cum out of me with Your pounding hand and fist."
And with a tortured groan, he punches his hand deep into my sopping pussy. The thumb popping in, as it does making a fist of his hand. I scream and buck from the intensity of it, jerking and thrashing with the pain. Then moaning and grabbing his arm, I start fucking it for all I'm worth. Watching his forearm driving in and out of my cunt, seeing my juices coating his arm, making it wet, shiny and slick. From where I sit it looks as if I have his arm buried up inside of me to the elbow, but it's really just up past his wrist. I watch how my pussy lips wrap around it and stretch outward grasping the arm like it doesn't want to let it go. I hear the loud sucking, smacking sounds my pussy makes as it tries to suck his arm and fist back up inside of it.
"Yeah that's it, come on fuck my hand baby, ride that big old fist of mine. Listen to that cunt of Yours talk to me baby, she's hungry, listen to her slurp. God I'm gonna cum again just watching your fucking pussy sucking and swallowing my arm up".
I'm past thinking, past hearing. I'm going wild, crazy, mindless, with the need to bury him inside of me. To suck him deep into me. I want more, need MORE! "Come on, come on...fuck me dammit! Hurt me! I want Your fingers deep inside of me, shove them into my womb. Rub the inside of me with those long fingers of Yours. Let me feel You deep inside me". I feel his fingers again as the fist inside me opens a bit and they push through my cervix and start rubbing me from the inside. I hear a God awful wailing sound coming from some where and just as I realize it's coming from me, my body explodes, cum squirting and gushing from me and running down around his arm. My hips and pussy are thrusting, bucking, pumping on his fist and arm. I'm hanging onto his forearm, pulling it deeper into me, riding his hand for all I'm worth.
But by now I'm not aware of it...I've finally gone over the edge, plunging down this awesome ride to oblivion. At last, one of my fantasies has come true...I've cum till I've passed out. And with a strangers fist clamped so tight inside of me by my pussy contractions that he can't pull it out. The two of us are locked together, he on the outside of my bedroom window, me on the inside, sprawled in my desk chair. Him waiting and watching for me to become aware again, me in the deep, dark oblivion of an orgasmic faint... out cold.