Paying Pam back wasn't exactly an unpleasant experience, especially as her idea of it became apparent when she showed up at my place with Garth in tow. It was apparent that she intended for him to be there for some reason, but I wasn't sure if she wanted to include him in the fun or not. Of course, with my mind powers, it wasn't really up to her.
"Just what did you intend for that fellow? Carl and Roxanne are watching Vicky tonight, in case you wondered. I hope that you didn't bring him along for babysitting duties," I smirked.
"Oh, no, not for that. I just didn't want to leave him...unsupervised. He's been a naughty boy of late, bragging online that he fucked his own mother. It's on his status and everything! I decided to keep him offline for the rest of the week and that means no letting him out of my sight," Pam grinned, but some part of her actually seemed pleased despite her embarrassment.
"Enough of that, Pam. You'll let him back online when you get home and you will like and comment on his status to boot. Admit to the world the truth. No more hiding it. You fuck your own son and you love it!" I chuckled at the shocked look on her face as she nodded.
"Yes, Master," she then broke into a grin, as did Garth.
"The cat's out of the bag, anyway. Now, speaking of which, what to do with you, Garth? I think that you should bend over that table and let Jen peg you. Jen, strap it on and have at it," I instructed my wife, putting a wicked smile on her face.
Garth groaned a little, but he complied, of course, not having a choice. The next thing that any of us knew, he was bent over with his cheeks spread apart and a decent amount of lube applied to the hole. He clearly tried to relax a little, especially not having a virgin ass anymore, but the reality of his ex-girlfriend getting ready to slam into his asshole was enough to make him very nervous indeed. Jen didn't show any signs that she planned to be merciful, either. After all, Garth had been rather cruel to her in the past, and while they had made their peace for the most part, there was clearly some lingering pain and anger in Jen which came out at moments like this.
Meanwhile, I grabbed Pam and kissed her mouth, tangling our tongues as I pulled down her pants and reminded her, "Bottomless dress code, sweetie."
"I wish it was just straight-up nudity myself. Bottomless is fun, don't get me wrong, but I love the idea of my tits on permanent display," Cheryl smiled delightfully.
"Well, I like that idea, and from now on, it's a new house rule. We're a nudist household, and will be even more so after we all live together. Come on girls, off with your clothes," I instructed them, getting much harder as I slid into Pam's soaking snatch from behind.
Pam clearly craved my cock inside her and being pregnant to her own son just made her hotter of late. She pushed back at me with an ardor that left little doubt of how she felt about my enthusiasm for her MILF body. I didn't let up, screwing that pregnant cougar with the vigor that she deserved, especially as she had aided me in getting Vicky's father to finally man up and admit that he wanted at least some role in his daughter's life. She was a hot commodity in her own right, to be frank, not looking her age at all. She was also apparently very grateful that I got her involved with her own son, as witnessed by her belly which now began to swell just a little. The first visible evidence of her unborn fruit of incest was plenty to increase my lust for Pam, who fed it even more by giving me that pleading, pouty face.
"Please, may I suck Garth's cock while Jen pegs him and you fuck my cunt?" Pam begged me, something that I found irresistible from her and the others.
I pulled out of her long enough and told Jen, "Give Pam a chance to suck her son while you peg him. This should be fun for all of us, even if you're also getting a little payback for past offenses."
"Yes, Master...I want to see him cum from my strap-on taking him, anyway. It would prove that he loves this sort of thing, that he's as nasty and kinky as I am, despite his pretenses," Jen snickered as she resumed sodomizing her ex.
Garth continued to wince and gasp as Jen butt-fucked him, but Pam's lips and tongue seemed to comfort him a bit, while he soon began to react to the impact of the dildo on his prostate. For my part, I continued to ram Pam's pussy furiously and she met me with fervor as she also sucked her own son's dick. Her hips moved with the same eagerness that mine did, and for that matter, Jen's and Garth's. It wasn't long before we all had a sort of four-way rhythm between us, as I kept pushing Pam to engulf more of Garth between her lips, while Jen pounded him harder into his mother's mouth. By now, we were all clearly having fun, even the victim of Jen's smoldering resentment, despite how painful she seemed to make it on purpose. He even appeared to have trouble holding back from cumming sooner, thanks to the dual sensations.
What finally pushed us over were the girls...Cheryl, plus Jess and Jamie, who had just returned from a little fun in front of a webcam and were still rather aroused. Cheryl began licking my ass, while Jess rimmed Pam and Jamie sucked on Garth's balls. It was too much and he exploded inside Pam's mouth, emptying his sack down his own mother's throat. That was enough to make her cum as well from the excitement, and Jen followed her shortly when Jamie started tasting her bottom. She pulled out of Garth and all that was left was me unloading inside Pam, which I now did in spurts of cum that shocked even me. If she weren't already pregnant, there was no doubt that I would have stood a good chance of knocking her up myself.
The next surprise that followed was Jen pulling Garth to his feet and kissing his mouth with more than a little tongue. What surprised me even more was the eager way that he returned the kiss. There was clearly a little love left between them after all, even despite this, perhaps due to nostalgia and the knowledge that they had created a life together. Jen looked at me with some anxiety, but despite a brief pang of jealousy that I reined in immediately, I smiled and nodded at her for literally kissing and making up.
"Garth, sweetie, I know that I was a bit...rough there. And that was deliberate. But that was your final atonement for how you treated me. I finally got the torment and rage out of my system. Thank you for taking it so well. I know that it had to have hurt and been a real shock, but I hope that you enjoyed at least a little, too. I still love you, but I also love Master. Hell, I love Pam in a way and the same goes for Cheryl, Jess, and Jamie. Even Carl and Roxanne, really.
"Granted, my love for Master is the strongest of that kind of love. It has to be...he's my Master, you see. We need to talk about your role in Vicky's life, of course. All of us, just like I think that we need to talk about us moving in together...though, ultimately, it's up to Master, as we all know. Perhaps it is time to formalize and define our relationship to him and each other, and now that we've had a little...pleasure, maybe we can eat some supper and discuss it over that," Jen spoke to all of us, but initially to Garth.
"That sounds fine to me, but what shall we eat? How about Chinese? Yes, we will order some Chinese delivery," I announced, resuming command.
"Sounds very good. Though if you'll excuse me, I need to do something for my butt and I'll return," Garth asked for permission.
"You don't have to go anywhere, Garth. Pam and I...Mom and I, really, should take a look at your bottom. Cheryl, you, too, as you're going to be his wife," Jen encouraged them.
"Go ahead. Right here and now," I commanded them.
Pam in particular spread Garth's cheeks and inspected for tears, which thankfully there weren't any. His asshole was evidently loose or at least lubed enough by now to absorb even the rough and painful sodomy that he endured at Jen's hands. Jen, in fact, surprised him by kissing it anyway, even licking it a little and inviting Cheryl and Pam to do so as well. He shivered and squirmed, but the ladies held him in place. They licked it a little more and only let him stand up after he was nice and hard again.
"Good thing that we have edible lube," Jen grinned, kissing Pam and Cheryl on the mouth.
"Okay, girls, but that's enough for now. We need a breather so we can talk, as you say," I told them.
"Yes, Master. You're right, of course. Garth, you really took it better than perhaps I feared that you would. I was so sure that you'd be furious with me. I did go a bit overboard with it, after all. I was really worried afterward about tears and the fact that you were, too, shows that I need to be more careful if you ever trust me with another pegging. I won't blame you if you don't, though, of course, it's really up to Master.
"Again, thank you for understanding and taking it. I must have seemed really cruel for a moment there, but I'm glad that you realized that wasn't the real me, just my dark mood. I was about to cry until I was sure that I hadn't torn you. I had to kiss you both there and on the mouth to reassure you that I didn't hate you and want you to suffer for its own sake...it was just lingering rage," Jen asserted.
"I must admit that it was hot, though," Cheryl confessed, "Garth, baby, you know that I love you, but the wicked look on Jen's face as she fucked your ass was so damn sexy. It's hard to explain. I hope that someday, if Master permits, she is as tough on me, too. I'm glad that you weren't torn, too. I agreed to marry you for a reason...or two...or several. Not least of which is that I adore you, though not how I adore Master. You're more of a naughty boy that I love to play with and have play with me. Master is definitely more of the firm authority figure that I need."
"Well, as the authority figure here, I think that it's high time to lay all of our proverbial cards down. I agree that we should all live together. That much is clear. Including Carl and Roxanne. We'll bring them up to speed, too. I meant what I said about nudity. No more clothing while inside, unless changing into it to go outside, or unless I say otherwise. Visitors will just have to deal with our nudity. Also, everyone of age in this family is fair game to the others, I think that it's safe to say by now.
"I will control the breeding schedule from here on out. Pam, however, is to get her tubes cut and double-tied so as not to conceive again. At this point in your life, sweetie, it's just not safe to keep breeding. Besides, you get to do so much not breeding constantly will make possible. Garth has already bred with Jen once. That's enough for that. He gets one turn of breeding with each woman and then he forfeits his balls. Yes, I said that. Garth is going to be castrated. Don't panic, Garth...I have my reasons. You're going to become a woman. Yes, that's right. The castration will make your feminization process so much easier.
"You see...Vicky needs multiple parents, this is true. But I want to be Daddy to her and I think that she would be better served with multiple mothers rather than two fathers. So, I am Daddy. You, Garth, will be Mommy. Your new name is Grace. It fits, right? Don't tell me that you've never thought of it. I've seen how you react to sex. You're more like a woman in many ways than like a man, and not the dominant kind of woman, either. You might be a switch and top some folks at times, but at heart, you're feminine, very girly. Jen will just be Mama. Cheryl will be Mom. Vicky will have three mothers and one father.
"Cheryl, don't worry, you can still marry...Grace. But as Grace. Two brides instead of a bride and groom. We all know that your real husband is me, anyway...and there will still be at least two cocks to rub between your tits. Possibly more if we add any other guys to the mix. I've wanted to supervise a feminization process for a long time now, and Grace is the best candidate that I've ever found for it. So, make up your time to it, Grace...you're going to be a woman. From now on, you're to be called Grace. You will change your name legally from Garth to Grace and Pam is to start calling you her daughter, not her son," I declared, noting that "Grace" actually grew very hard when she heard that.
"I think that someone is turned-on by the idea of becoming a woman," Jen teased her ex.
"Yeah...it's been a secret fantasy of mine for a good while, but I never thought that I would have the nerve to try it. I suppose that I should have, but now I won't have to...I can just accept and enjoy the process," Grace confessed, blushing.
"I'm glad that you waited. At the time, I don't think that we would have worked out well. I need a strong, aggressive man, though having another woman around helps...several are even better," Jen grinned.
"Well, Grace, you know that I'm your mother and I'm very proud of you, no matter what you do. Besides, it's not up to us. It's up to Master. Yes, I think that I will start calling him Master. All of us should call him that, all the time," Pam assured her daughter, "wow, I have two daughters now, counting Jen as my adopted daughter."
"Yes, we should all call you Master," Cheryl agreed.
"That simplifies things and makes it clear where we stand with you. You're our Master. We're your slaves," Jess licked her lips.
"And as your slaves, we should all get inked as that. Marked and collared as your property," Jamie added with a wink at Jess.
"Ah, all points that I was working toward, in fact. Seems that we're on the same page. In case you're wondering why Grace won't get castrated sooner, it's simple. She needs to breed all of you once each, I've decided. It will add to our bond as a family, I think. Give a blood kinship between our offspring. I want Carl to have two per woman, not counting Pam, of course. That's two from Jen, from Jess, from Jamie, from Roxanne, and from Cheryl. Three from me, of course," I smiled at the idea of such a large, happy family as I dialed the number to order the delivery of Chinese food.
"By the way, any preferences on food?" I asked them as the place picked up, not giving them a chance to comment on my reproductive plans.
"Normally, yes, but I think that it's safe to say that as our Master, we should all let you order it this time around. Might make it simpler, anyway. Time to get used to being your slaves," Cheryl proposed.
"That sounds fine by me. Oh, and Grace, you will begin your feminization by getting your body hair removed tonight. After supper. For now, though, let's relax and have a drink," I instructed them all.
"Yes, Master!" they said in unison, bursting into laughter at that point.