In my never-ending search to make ends meet in this economy, in addition to my party planning, nude bar-tending/waitering gigs, I occasionally grab a housecleaning job.
However, total CFNM aficionado and exhibitionist that I am, I never do just normal, run-of-the-mill cleaning!
I got a call from a lady in Westwood, who wanted someone to come over and tidy up her guest bath. She liked my website ads and thought it would be more fun than hiring a mainstream maid service.
She enjoyed reading a bit of my other adventures, (I often write my adventures in my blog) and liked the idea of being able to order me around. She hoped it would be a bit therapeutic for her. As I like a challenge she asked if I would be willing to clean the bathroom wearing some things she was willing to give me. I did ask if I could bring my own cleaning solvents.
She had just recently divorced and was feeling a bit like taking it out on a man, without really doing anything severe or getting herself into trouble. We chatted for a while. We agreed that she could take out a few aggression's as long as no real pain or danger was involved and that I would be willing to be at her command for the right price...LOL.
I always like a challenge. I grabbed some "green" cleaning supplies, gentler on the skin, as I didn't know exactly what I was going to do, but figured I was going to end up naked and probably wet and soapy, and headed over.
I got to her place, a very tastefully done condo, she let me in. She was a very attractive 40-something redhead. I imagine that in her youth she resembled Jill St. John a bit. She was dressed in a very attractive lounging outfit, stretch slacks and an oversize print top. It was very modest and covered her, but I could tell that she still had a nice figure.
She was drinking white wine and graciously offered me a glass.
"I don't imagine that a little wine will interfere with your being able to clean the bathroom, do you?"
"No, ma'am, I'm sure that it won't."
After a bit of wine and a few pleasantries, she showed me to the bathroom. I was pleased to see that it was small, but nicely done, with a fancy above counter basin sink, glass tile on the counter, back-splash and floor, and an open shower with just a half wall of clear glass. I was also pleased to see that it was not particularly dirty.
I noticed a small pile of cleaning towels on the floor in the hall outside the bathroom, along with some large sponges and what looked like some men's underwear.
"You don't mind if I watch you while you work?" she took a sip of wine. "I am very particular about how I want things done."
"Not at all ma'am, that's all part of my service. Would you like me to get started?"
"Yes, but there are some things I would like you to wear while you clean. Is that all right?"
"Of course, as my ad states, you call the shots."
"Good. Now if you would please take off your clothes."
She watched me as I kicked off my shoes, and took off my socks and placed them in the hall. I removed my t-shirt, and then unfastened and unbuttoned my jeans. I hadn't worn any briefs, as I enjoy going "commando" when I wear jeans. I figured it was time for some "role play." I stood there with my jeans unbuttoned revealing my pubic bush and the base of my cock.
"I'm sorry, ma'am, but I forgot to wear briefs today. If I take off my pants I'll be naked."
"Take them off, please."
I did as instructed and stood there fully naked.
"Very good. Now when we spoke on the phone, you said you would bring a Viagra if I wanted you to."
"Yes ma'am"
"Did you bring it?"
"Yes ma'am, it's in the pocket of my jeans." I don't normally need it or use it but I have Viagra on-hand in case of requests.
I started to go to the hall to get it but she stopped me and made me stand still. She retrieved the pill from my jeans. She circled around me, making sure to get a good look at my ass. She pressed against me from behind and put the pill in my mouth. Then she raised the glass of wine to my lips and made me swallow the pill.
"I may want to touch you now and then as you clean, is that all right?"
"Of course ma'am, as my ad states, I must follow your orders."
"Good, as I told you, I need to have some fun. I've never had a man willing to do anything I tell him."
She put one arm around my chest and another around my waist and kissed me softly on the back of my neck and walked back to the pile of stuff in the hall.
"Now put these on." She tossed me a man's white athletic sock. I put it on. She tossed over the other sock. I put it on.
She tossed over a "wife beater" t shirt. It was a bit small for me and I tore it a bit while I put it on.
She stood quietly watching, sipping her wine and seemingly enjoying the site.
She picked up a jockstrap and twirled it around in the air. Then she came over to me.
I stood very still as she took the jock and gently swatted my cock and balls with the garment.
She flogged me with it until my cock sprang to full hardness. She flicked it a bit harder, giggling as she watched me squirm with each hit.
"Now put it on. I saw an ad for jockstrap male maids and I want to see you work in a jockstrap."
It was much too small in the pouch to hold my hard cock, so it stuck out the waistband, pinned against my stomach.
Already my Viagra-powered erection was sticking up through the waistband of the jockstrap.
"Now I think it's time to clean up."
She reached for one of the multi-surface spray cleaners that I had brought with me.
"I think you can start on the mirror and vanity."
With that she took aim at my cock and squirted the head with cleaner. It was cold and I jumped in surprise.
She giggled and handed me the cleaner and was about to hand me one of the cleaning towels, but pulled it back.
"Mmmm...no...let's see if you are as clever as you are in your blog. Figure something out."
I though for a bit about what I could use to wash down and dry with. The t-shirt! Lots of people use old t-shirts as cleaning towels.
I couldn't get out of the damn thing, and it was already torn so I figured "what the hell" and I rip-stripped myself out of it and tore it into two pieces. J had one part to scrub with one part to dry with.
She applauded my effort, and if I do say so myself, it worked pretty well. Next was the toilet. As I said earlier, the room was already very clean, so I could only guess that all this work was for her entertainment rather than truly effective cleaning.
I grabbed one of my other cleaners and started spraying and wiping down the tank, seat and outside of the bowl. The shirt was getting a bit soppy at this point and I was trying to figure out a next move to get at the bowl itself.
She sensed my dilemma and reached under the vanity. She produced a bowl brush.
"This is brand new. It's never been used before." I reached out to take it and she gently slapped my hand with it.
"I think it needs breaking in. I'm sure the bristles are stiff." With that she took the brush and raked it across my bare chest, being sure to graze my nipples. It hurt just enough to be exciting, and I drew in a quick breath.
She seemed to enjoy that a lot. She repeated the gesture, with the same result. Then began working down my torso in a zigzag pattern across my chest and abs. She circled around behind me and repeated this pattern across my shoulders and down my back. She made me spread my legs and began running the brush up and down my calves and thighs. My cock was rock hard and throbbing against the waistband of the jock.
"Your ad was right, I really do 'call the shots', don't I?'
"Yes ma'am. I believe in truth in advertising."
"And your big cock is very pretty to look at, as you had said."
"I'm glad it pleases you."
"You're very sexually aroused right now, aren't you?'
"Yes ma'am, I hope that pleases you."
"When my ex-husband was very aroused, sometimes he liked using these." She produced a small brown bottle of poppers. "Do you know what this is?"
"Yes ma'am."
"I want you to use it."
"Yes ma'am."
I opened the bottle and took a hit. As the head rush started, she gently ran the brush up along the shaft of my throbbing cock.
I moaned and staggered backwards until I was leaning against the vanity. I'm sure I had a look of surprise on my face. This was something new even to me.
"Interesting, take another hit."
I did so and again as the rush hit, the brush found its mark. I was thankful that she was being very gentle, as the brush could have rubbed me raw. As it was, she was applying just enough pressure to make every nerve in my cock tingle.
She repeated this scenario several more times, "forcing" me to take a hit of poppers and then working my dick with the brush. This treatment was really "edging" me just to the point of orgasm. She seemed to know just when to stop and then to start again. Sweat was pouring down my torso and pre-cum was flowing from the piss slit of my cock.
"And now I think it's time to clean the bowl."
She handed me the brush and headed for the kitchen. Between the poppers and the wild "brush job" I desperately wanted to crank one out, I was so ready to shoot. But I knew that it wasn't time. And when the time came I knew she wanted to watch. I proceeded to scrub the bowl with the infamous brush.
She returned with refills of wine and offered me some. It was cool and refreshing and I needed it.
"Now I think you should get at the floor."
The parts of the t-shirt were past being usable, and I couldn't use the toilet brush. I looked down and thought, "The socks! Lots of people use athletic socks as cleaning rags!"
I stripped off the socks, grabbed some spray floor cleaner and got down on my hands and knees to start wiping up the floor.
I heard her giggle from behind me, and then I felt a spray of the glass cleaner hit me right in the ass crack.
I proceeded to spray, scrub and wipe the floor. I was glad that it was a small room, and the glass tile floor was easy to clean. Even so, it was work and the room was warm (especially with the combination of some wine and Viagra) and I was sweating.
I stood up to take a break. The waistband of the jock was bothering my cock, so I tried to rearrange myself a bit. She even came over and attempted to help me arrange myself in the jock, which of course made me too hard to fit in the pouch.
The best I could do at this point was to let my shaft stick out one side of the pouch with my balls dangling out the other side of the pouch.
"I'm sorry ma'am, but I can't seem to fit properly in the costume you want me to wear."
"Yes, you are almost obscenely large. I guess it will have to do. I want a jockstrap male maid and you are almost wearing it."
I got on my hands and knees and got to work on the floor.
I felt my low hangers swinging back and forth as I scrubbed, and I could feel her eyes on me. Sure enough I felt a stream of glass cleaner hit my swinging nut sack. The sensation made my cock start to engorge again. I spread my knees and moaned; I figured I may as well put on a good show since she was enjoying this "target practice".
She got down on the floor behind me and put her hands on my butt cheeks, squeezing them as I worked. Then she reached under and took my ball sack in her hand, gently but firmly squeezing and pulling. She stopped long enough to produce the bottle of poppers again, and placed them under my nose.
"You know what to do."
"Yes ma'am."
"Since your cock is too large and unruly to fit properly in the jock, we will just have to make use of it."
As the head rush hit, she began slowly milking my cock. I had been leaking pre-cum again, and her deft fingers used it to lubricate my shaft.
I admit that I'm a bit of a sex pig, and I enjoy being used, and even slightly abused by someone for their entertainment. I was sweaty and horny and having a great time being man-handled, or woman-handled in this case and forgot that I was supposed to be working. Her slap on my ass reminded me.
"You're supposed to be cleaning the floor."
"Yes ma'am. I'm sorry ma'am."
I returned to wiping down the floor with renewed vigor, and she did the same with milking my cock. She began using it as a handle to direct me to the part of the floor I should do next. Occasionally she would make me take a small hit of poppers. I groaned and started humping her hand as she held my cock.
With that she slapped my ass and made me stand up and face her.
"Not so fast. You are enjoying yourself far too much. And you still have some work to do."
"Sorry ma'am. I tend to enjoy my work too much sometimes."
"Well, you have this to distract you." She began stroking my cock shaft. "It is large and begs for attention and release."
"Yes ma'am, it sometimes has a mind of its own."
"Well 'it' may not release until I am ready, is that clear."
"Yes ma'am, absolutely."
"You still have the shower stall to do."
"Yes ma'am, I'm right on it."
I had brought one of those spray wait and rinse tile cleaners. I figures I'd get at the shower stall that way.
The socks were pretty useless by now, so all I had left to use to scrub with was the jockstrap. I figured I could get away with rinsing the walls with the hand held shower head, but I wasn't sure what I was going to do with the glass partition. It wasn't very tall or wide, just enough for "decorator" effect. I tried to think how I could make use of the jock.
I was busy spraying down the tile walls and didn't notice that she had gone and returned, bearing some cold bottled soft drinks. She offered me one. It was cold and refreshing. I hadn't realized how thirsty I was.
"So far, so good, Randy you have done a nice job of cleaning, and been very clever in using only what I gave you to wear. You only have that glass partition to do."
"Yes, ma'am, I'm afraid this one is puzzling me."
"I have an idea." She went to the hall and returned with a very large natural sea sponge.
She took the sponge and crammed it into the pouch of the jock. It was large, and a good part of it stuck out the sides of the pouch. There was no room at all for my cock and balls, so they had to hang free.
She grabbed a bottle of tile/glass cleaner and poured it over the sponge, soaking it and my crotch thoroughly. She took the hand held shower head and sprayed water down the glass partition. Then she pushed my crotch against the glass and moved my butt back and forth along the glass. She was basically making me hump the partition in order to clean it!
She had one hand on the waistband of the jock, and another on my butt, digging in ever so slightly with her nails. The action of humping the glass combined with the sensation of her hands manipulating me had my cock at attention once again. It was getting in the way of the sponge action.
She evidently decided that the sponge stuck in the pouch of the jock was not doing a very effective job of cleaning the glass partition.
"Hmmm...this just isn't as good as I was hoping for. There must be something else we can use. But first, I think that jock has to go."
She went over to the vanity and searched in one of the drawers. She returned with a small pair of shears.
"Now let me see..." She spun me around so that my butt was facing her. "And yet I really, really wanted a jockstrap maid...there must be something..."
As she spoke she was caressing my butt and toying and tugging on the waistband and leg straps of the jock. I felt her run the tip of the shears along my butt as she contemplated her next action.
She turned me around again so that I was facing her. My hard cock was throbbing and making my low hangers bounce a bit.
"Well this sponge isn't working well at all."
With that she pulled it out of the jock pouch, very slowly and making sure to run it along the length of my dick. Then she took my cock, bending it downwards a bit and stuffed it back in the jock pouch. It caused the pouch to distend straight out, and my balls fell out the bottom. She maneuvered my cock and balls around, back and forth, trying to get all of me to stay in the pouch. The act of her manipulating my penis made it rock hard, and containing it in the jock pouch was impossible.
"I think I see part of the problem. Stay very, very still, Randy."
"Yes Ma'am."
I know my CFNM clients very well. These scenes usually bring out a bit of the dominatrix in a lot of ladies who think they don't really have those urges. I can also usually tell if they are getting a bit dangerous. I wasn't sensing any "alarms" but I knew she was really enjoying having me so much in her control.
"First I think we need to make some slight alterations."
She very carefully put the shears within the edge of the jock pouch and began to snip.
Slowly she snipped away at the pouch, just below the waistband, then carefully down one side of the pouch, and then the other. My cock sprang free once again, and the fabric that had once been the jock pouch just hung there under my ball sack.
"That's much better. Now stay still while I take measurements."
She ran her fingers along my soapy cock, until it was fully engorged, and held the sponge up along side it. She took the shears and began snipping out a hole along the horizontal axis of the sponge. She seemed to be creating a tunnel through the center of the sponge.
She worked for a while and decided to check her progress. She placed it over the head of my cock and pushed. It was a tight fit, but she was creating a hole for my cock to fit into the sponge.
"I see we need to go much deeper."
She continued to snip and pull away bits of the sponge, trying it on my shaft every so often to see the fit. Bit by bit, she got it to the point that almost all of my cock fit inside. With a bit more soaping and stroking of my cock and a bit more tugging on the sponge, she got my entire shaft inside.
It was a bizarre sight, me standing there, naked, with a sponge sticking out from my crotch. She wet down the sponge with the hand held shower, poured more cleaning solution on it, gave the sponge (and my cock) a good squeeze, and positioned me against the glass.
"Now let's see you get at that glass partition."
She walked around so that she could see me from the front. I could only guess what it was that she wanted to see, so I began slowly humping the glass with my sponge covered cock. It felt strangely erotic, wet and slippery, a weird but hot fucking sensation. My balls were starting to ache; I had been aroused for a long time. She pressed herself against the glass, as it was just a half wall, our faces could touch, but not our bodies. She brought her lips very close to mine.
"Your CFNM rules say you can't touch me unless I permit it."
"Yes Ma'am."
"I like your rules. I like controlling you."
"I am here for your pleasure Ma'am."
"I am going to tease you and use you until you almost can't stand it."
"You call the shots, Ma'am, as my rules say."
"Look me in the eyes and clean that glass."
I did so, humping the glass that stood between us, as though I were humping her.
"You are enjoying this a little too much, and I like watching you suffer. It's incredibly erotic." She giggled and picked up the bottle of poppers.
"You are not allowed to cum unless I permit it, are you?"
"No Ma'am. I may only cum when and if you allow me too."
"No matter how badly you want to."
"No matter how badly," I groaned. I knew what was coming and it wasn't going to be me. Not for a little while yet.
She gave me a hit of poppers. As the rush hit, she began licking and kissing my neck. I felt my hips bucking uncontrollably against the glass.
"Oh fuck." I groaned.
As I continued humping the glass partition she knelt down and started kissing my ass. Then she spread my cheeks and started licking my hole! I've never had a client do that! My whole body was tingling. I could feel my balls tighten. My cock felt ready to blow.
"Please Ma'am, pleeeeze...you're gonna make me cum!"
"NO!' With that she stood up. She grabbed my shoulders and pushed me toward the wall of the shower. She grabbed the sponge that was still firmly attached to my cock, squeezed it real hard and quickly and roughly ripped it away from my cock. I almost blew my load right there.
"Ahhh...AHHHH." Was all I managed to say. I stood there, wet, panting and with my cock bobbing uncontrollably. I thought about running away, but I was almost afraid of what she might do.
Our gazes met. She was glaring at me with a particularly sinister grin on her face. She grabbed the hand held shower, made an adjustment and turned on the faucet full blast. My chest was hit by what felt like a hundred ice cold needles! What is it with women enjoying hosing me down?
Please...it's SO cold...please...I'll do anything you say!"
"You were going to cum before I told you to. This should calm you down!"
She directed the icy water all over my Pecs and across my abs. The sensation caused them to flex and tighten. She ran the cold blast down my legs, first one than the other. Then she attacked my balls. I yelped in pain and she really seemed to enjoy that. Then she aimed the stream along my cock shaft, first the top and then along the bottom. The water was so cold that it almost felt like fire. Even with these icy needles attacking my cock it was still hard. I was at the point of no return and it wasn't going soft until I was able to cum. I let out a yell. She stopped the water.
She made another adjustment to the shower head and turned the water back on. Only this time it was a soft, gentle spray and the water was warm. She repeated what she had done with the icy water until I felt my whole body was warm again.
"The name 'Randy' suits you. I see your cock is still rather hard. I think I'm ready now."
After handing me the bottle of poppers she made yet another adjustment to the shower head. A single pulsing jet of water hit my abs. At least it was still warm water. She moved in closer, enjoying the look of the water pummeling my body. With her other hand she began slowly stroking my cock, bringing it to full hardness. I had never felt it throb like this before.
"Do you want to cum Randy?'
"Oh gawd, yes PLEEZE!'
She took aim at my cock shaft, aiming the water along the top, bottom and sides, watching it twitch and bounce under the hard, massaging jet. She was using the water to pummel and milk my cock. With one hand she lifted my cock straight up, against my abs and with the other aimed the water slowly up and down the underside of the shaft, especially the sensitive area right under the head. I felt my balls tighten and the orgasm rising within me. I took a hit of the poppers; I knew that she wanted me to. Immediately she turned off the water. We both watched as my bouncing hard-on unleashed 3 big spurts of cum! Look Ma, NO HANDS! Mercifully I felt my cock finally begin to soften.
My client, I remembered after all that she was a client, took a towel from the designer basket on the vanity and handed it to me. Her face was calm now, almost passive.
"Randy, I have something to attend to now. I'm sure you can find your own way out."
I stripped off the remnants of what had once been a jockstrap, and dried off. I collected my cleaning supplies and went to the entry way to find my clothes folded and waiting for me. There was also an envelope with cash.
As I drove back to campus I realized that I had been sexually abused, and taken money for it. And yet, it had been an incredible turn-on. I wanted more. No question about it, I am a Man-whore.