AUTHOR'S NOTE: Many of the characters appearing in this story have appeared in my previous works.
*****
Dewey expressed an interest in bodybuilding, perhaps as a way to emulate William, and the big guy agreed to get him started. Olivia thought it would make a great visual, so she took about two hundred photos of him on the workout bench, lifting a weight bar over his head. William stood behind him, his cock always in the frame, ready to step in if the weight proved too daunting. Olivia noted that he had to take a step back partway through; he probably needed more space for his growing member. For a stud pony, William sure had a prurient interest in young men's penises.
Dewey had a boner. William had a yearning. Olivia had an idea.
"Ready for the big finish? Dewey, lift the bar over your head and hold it. William, get down and suck him off. We're going hardcore today."
Olivia snapped away as the muscular black Adonis with the trophy penis demonstrated his love for the male anatomy. So far so good - her plan was to have Dewey fire off a load and then send him on his way, leaving William for her. She didn't feel like sharing him today. He was always horny after these photo shoots, and being naked for so long without a release got him especially aroused. The first thing she did was reward William for a job well done by removing her top.
Once they were alone he lay on his back, and she glided her hand up and down his big rig, and she used her mouth to heighten the sensation. "I'm gonna cum quick," he warned, groaning in pleasure. "Can't help it...argh!"
Oodles and oodles of semen spilled out of the twelve-inch trophy cock. Olivia yanked hard, aiming the white stuff so that it splashed across her face, and when he was finally done, when every drop of extract had been milked, she smeared it all over her cheeks with both hands and rubbed it into her skin. "Best moisturizer there is."
William's guffawed. What, have you been readingCosmopolitan?"
"No, really." She fondled his wet, sticky tool. "Ever notice how soft the skin is along the shaft? That doesn't happen by accident; it's the cream."
William smiled; he didn't know what to say, so he replied the best way he knew how. "Wanna fuck?"
"In a minute." William now straddled her, his semi-shrunken penis was glistening, and every now and then a tiny bit of late-arriving semen peered out from his pee-hole. Olivia used her finger and thumb to widen the gap and peer inside. "Why do so many body builders have small dicks," she asked?
"Steroids," he replied, although before the obvious follow-up question could be asked, he added, "I never tried them. I was scared off. I'd rather lose a competition than lose a few inches of you-know-what."
"I can see that. You know, I was wondering, do you know any muscle boys like yourself, who don't use steroids? Monica's looking for a large one. They don't have to be your size, but large...say, eight inches minimum."
William smiled. "I know tons of them. There are no secrets in the gym."
Olivia was intrigued. "Do you guys bang in the shower?"
The big guy smiled. "You wouldn't believe half of what goes on. Everybody's naked; everyone looks good...you know, really built. We like showing off; I mean, that's why we lift, and there's no shame in admiring another man's body. So banging in the showers...sure, why not? I mean, even small cocks look big when they get hard."
"You're so casual about it. Is that why so many body builders are queer?"
"Jeez, you got a one-track mind today...I think most of them start out straight, but being surrounded by naked men all day, they start checking them out the same way you would a woman. Eventually you find one you like, and the next you know you're banging in the shower."
"One more question: why do they wear speedos when they compete? Shouldn't they be doing it naked?" She wiggled his penis. "You'd win first place if they did that."
William broke out in a wide grin. "I win first place in the shower room, that's for sure."
"Is it like a big open area?"
"You bet. And we check each other out."
Olivia's pussy tingled just thinking about it. "This has the makings of a pretty good video..."
"You could call itMeat Locker," he replied.
"I like that," she purred. "Do guys ever measure each other?"
"Not with a ruler, but trust me, everyone knows I'm the king of the showers." He laughed. "Although there are some guys who are hung pretty good. In fact, I think I know someone Monica might like."
They retreated inside to the computer and William began surfing through a database of men until he found the one he was looking for.
"Wait, wait, wait; go back. Go back to the previous one," Olivia said. "Stop there, that one," and a tall and extremely well built man with long, bleached blond hair stared out from the monitor. "He's got a nice dick."
"That's Marty Montana. You don't want him, he's trouble."
"I like trouble when they look like that. What's wrong with him?"
"Nothing. He's just full of himself."
"Is he Donkey material? He looks like he gets big."
"Yeah, he's good-sized. Nine inches, I think."
Olivia looked at William with admiration. "You know them all, don't you?"
"They don't call me The King for nothing."
"What's the matter?" William's cock had gone soft on her. "You don't like him? What was it, a lovers spat?" William didn't respond. "He's not your competition, is he?"
William scoffed. "Nine inches? Why would I be worried about that?"
"Because he's sexy, he's built like you, and he's got a sweet rock that hangs real nice." She giggled. "I get it, you're The King, but this guy can still heat up a room. Will he do porn?"
"Will he?" William did some keyboarding and a video of Marty soon appeared. There was something about watching a physically imposing, muscular man on his hands and knees being pummeled from behind by a mousy little man, not just tolerating a dick in his ass but enjoying it as well, and that was Olivia's introduction to Marty Montana.
He was born Martin Schimmel in St. Paul, Minnesota, but resurfaced in Los Angeles as Marty Montana. Outrageousness was his game, and he used his physical appearance to make a statement. His hair wasn't just blond, he used so much coloring it was almost white. He combed it straight back and it extended halfway down his back. From a bodybuilding perspective he was similar to William in that his muscles were toned and developed, but not outlandishly so. He had a narrow waist and a tight pelvis, the centerpiece of which was an uncircumcised dick that resembled a kielbasa hanging from his loins. It was perfectly proportioned for his body and, come to think of it, his body was perfectly proportioned too; Marty had neglected nothing in his quest for the ideal.
When the kielbasa stiffened it stuck straight out, but a cock-head also emerged and it thrust proudly upward at a very tight angle. "Some men look better soft than hard," Olivia said "but this dude looks better with a boner. Let's see how he shoots."
"We made not have long to find out," William replied, and they didn't, because the girl who was sucking him in the next video pressed along the underside of his cock-head right as he was about to burst, and two bullets of thick cream shot up and stuck to belly. The remaining torrent formed a steady stream that descended down his shaft onto the hand of a willing recipient.
Olivia looked down at his lap. "William Sanders! You have a boner." She looked at the screen; Marty's cock was dripping semen. "I think you're still carrying a torch for Marty the muscle dick."
"Hardly."
"Then what?"
"Are you forgetting? Your hand has been on my thigh the entire time."
"Is that offer to fuck still on," she asked?
"What do you think?"
Olivia reported her findings to Monica. "See if you can get him for an audition," she said. Everyone seemed to be available for this one. Mandy found time, as did Jane, and they joined Monica and Olivia, everyone sitting in director chairs with legs galore to taunt the hunk. It had been a while since they all sat down together to conduct one of these, and it felt good to be doing so.
Marty arrived brimming with confidence. He knew that once the ladies got a good look at him it was all over. Women usually threw themselves at him, and so too did guys. He was willing to take advantage of both; his passion had no boundaries. Very quickly he found himself down to his underwear.
"Do you always wear speedos," Jane asked? Her crossed leg was wagging back and forth.
"Always. Is that a problem?"
"I don't know. A cock that can fit inside one of those things might be a little, tiny, knuckle knob."
"Good try, blondie, but one look at my pecker and you'll be down on your knees; I guarantee it. Want me to take them off, so you can see for myself?
"By all means, proceed," said Monica.
Olivia whistled in appreciation she saw the penis in person. Marty slapped it around a little, as a way of thanking her for the compliment, and it responded to the stimuli. He had the makings of an erection.
"The only difference between him and William," whispered Mandy, "is a few inches."
"You're hired," Olivia blurted out, impulsively.
Monica cleared her throat. "Excuse my partner, she gets a little carried away sometimes."
"They always do," he replied, smugly.
"Are you ready to jerk it for us?"
"Before he does," interrupted Mandy, "let's measure it."
Marty Montana placed his hands on his hips and allowed Mandy to fondle his meat. She made no secret of her interest, squeezing and pulling on it unabashedly. It was thickening and lengthening in her hand. "Damn," he panted, "I should have cum before I got here. I'm getting close."
Everyone expected Mandy to relax her grip and bring out the tape measure, but she didn't. She already knew it was nine inches just by eyeballing it, and she had other things on her mind. She kept applying pressure. She wanted to be the one who got him to squirt.
"Here it comes," said Marty. "Here it comes...ah, ah." A loud roar accompanied the eruption. Mandy had a firm grip on it, but a gusher can be hard to control, and Marty's jizz flew all over the place; up, down, and all around. A few months ago the ladies would have been titillated by a naked man spilling his seed in their clothed presence, and they would have been squealing with delight, but they were more jaded now, and the semen shower barely registered a ripple on the 'wow' scale, despite the fact it belonged to Marty Montana, the muscular, white Adonis.
"How long since your last cum," asked Monica?
"Last night."
"That's not bad. Are you willing to take it in the ass."
Marty blushed. "Male love, female love; you name it and I'll do it. I don't like to boast, but..."
"I saw him getting poked on a video," said Olivia. "He made the cutest facial expressions. What's not to like? I say we hire him."
Monica wasn't quite ready to sign off on it. "One more test, the stamina one. Can you cum a second time?"
Marty reacted in typical Marty fashion. "Hey blondie," he said, "waving his magic wand in Jane's direction, you ready to get down on your knees?"
Jane got up and walked slowly over to where Marty stood. She folded her arms and smiled erotically. "Close your eyes, lover-boy, keep those legs spread, and stick out that big cock of yours." Monica knew where this was headed, and she cringed in advance. A loud thud caught Marty unprepared, and he fell to the ground clutching his balls.
"I think, under the circumstances, we'll forego the stamina test," said Monica. "Marty, you're hired."
****
Pete continued to sleep despite Lisa's efforts to rouse him. She rolled back the sheets and saw that his cock was angled sideways, partially stimulated. It remained an attractive specimen even as it reached middle age. Pete kept fit and his cock was nine inches when firm. He was also a horny, revved-up motherfucker, and was rightfully acknowledged as the Godfather of Donkey, since it was primarily his capital that got the company off the ground. "Come on Pete, we're late." Lisa placed her hand on his shoulder and shook, but he grumbled something inaudible and made no attempt to even open his eyes.
Today was Lisa's big day, and she didn't want to be late. She was already dressed and raring to go. Yellow halter-top and brown mini; black thong panties, and no bra. She looked around the room and saw a riding crop, how convenient. They had upped their sexual game lately; last night someone's butt cheeks got a couple of tender love taps, and they weren't hers. She meant right now to give him to give him a gentle nudge on the thigh, but she might have used a little more force than intended; how convenient. A swishing noise was followed by a loud WHAP.
"What the fuck?" Pete was awake now. He rubbed his leg, and then he touched his cock, which didn't need much provocation to get hard. "Morning wood," he exclaimed.
"You heard what your ex-wife said; no sex after midnight."
He groaned. "Goddamn, fucking bitch; fuck her. Who gives a fuck what she said? Jesus Christ, you look so goddamn sexy...just a quick blowjob. I'm dying over here."
Lisa still held the riding crop, and this time she intentionally brought it down hard on his thigh. It must have hurt, judging by his reaction. "You touch that thing and I'll..."
One of the positives ofSoapland Confidentialwas the introduction of Lisa to the mix. The sultry brunette with the shapely figure had made quite an impression, even though her on-screen appearance was brief. The website bloggers couldn't stop talking about her, and an image of her bikini-clad body holding on to a male sex organ got a lot of positive feedback. Monica decided to take advantage of her popularity.
Palm Springs, California can be quite lovely in late November. The nights are chilly but it still feels like summer when the sun is shining. Tim never followed through on his opus,Perverted Pirates vs. the Amazon Army- you try finding ten hot Amazons, he argued - but his plan to film in the desert resonated. It would be a nice change of pace for Donkey, a chance to mix things up. They had rented an estate that had eight bedrooms, large grounds, and a lot of privacy.
Monica's newest protégé, Jay, was appearing in the video. He had lost his hetero cherry to her, sort of. The first time she seduced him, after his appearance inSoapland Confidential, she managed to get him erect, but he needed to use his own hand to finish the job. But at least he ejaculated for her. It was a start.
The second time saw a breakthrough; Monica not only had gotten him hard, she managed to get him off, and she playfully squeezed him dry, thinking the work was done, but the relationship had stalled. Jay wasn't quite yet ready for intercourse, but the potential of his seven-inch boner dangled like a carrot in front of her, and when he was ready to fornicate, perform cunnilingus, and do all the other things she expected from him, there would be two winners. One, obviously, would be Monica, but Donkey Productions would also have another player for their growing ensemble.
The script was threadbare; get a bunch of naked men in the desert and see what happens. "Let's just go there and wing it," she said. "We got enough to get started, and the rest we'll figure out...just like in the old days."
Soapland Confidentialsold well in Japan, but flat-lined in America. The company wasn't losing customers, but they weren't gaining many new ones. This was a topic of discussion when the Board of Directors met. In addition to Pete, also present were Monica, Jane and Olivia, and Tim and his sister Mandy. The partnership with Hideki had provided an opportunity for expansion. They invested a lot of time planning for a weekly, one-hour, Soapland-themed video that would be available by demand on the website. There was the quota of films they had to provide their new partner. They had to indulge everyone's whim, especially Tim's, who went on and on about his Amazon Army idea, taking up resources and time. The website was undergoing an expansion, there were the photo series, and so on. This of course meant more layers, and more delegation. Monica had done a re-think on the growing enterprise.
They didn't need to expand, she argued. Mandy could take care of the website, Olivia could take care of the gallery, and Roland could do what he always did, which was kept his ear close to the ground when it came to the gay porn scene. That left her and Jane to come up with the scripts. Tim was pretty much useless, but he was engaged to Yanka, who was a valuable asset for the company, so he got a pass. Pete promoted the brand by being a living personification of a Donkey Boy, and it could not be denied that he recruited a lot of superlative women for the videos.
"I didn't even get to see two of the players forSoapland Confidentialuntil the day before we filmed," Monica complained. "I can't do things that way. That film should have been a classic..."
"It made money," interrupted Pere, "stop bitching."
Monica glared at him. "It's not about profit and loss, it's about the long-term. It could have been a lot better, that's all I'm saying, but I got pulled in too many directions, and I ended up taking shortcuts. Jane was in Tokyo, Olivia was working on the gallery, I was thinking two videos ahead...this is how corporations work. I don't want to do corporate porn; that's not what we're about. We're only as good as our brand; if we lose that we're finished."
It was an age-old argument, quality versus quantity, but there was a nine-hundred-pound elephant in the room, and its name was Hideki. Everyone looked at Jane. "What? I may have married the fucker, but business is business. I'm with Moni on this. Cut down to six films a year, make them all good."
"Wait, back up," said Olivia, incredulous; "married?"
"Oh yeah, last week, in a traditional Japanese ceremony..."
"When were you going to tell us?"
"We're gonna have another wedding here in a couple of months. That's the real one, as far as I'm concerned, although..." and here Jane smiled, "it didn't stop a big check from being deposited into my bank account." Before anyone could comment, she volunteered the following: "Believe me, I earned it. You wouldn't believe the fucking wedding night."
Hideki had rented the honeymoon suite in Tokyo's most luxurious hotel. Herman was there while the ceremony took place, and he had everything in order; champagne on ice, small buffet set up, and he looked around for the most advantageous hiding places where he could spy on their wedding night lovemaking, for the next best thing to having sex with Jane was watching her do it with someone else.
Herman greeted them at the door. "Help me out of this," Jane said, after entering, and she dazzled in her light pink, see-through panties and white bra. Herman prepared to leave. He had a strong urge to masturbate.
"No, stay," said Hideki. He stood with his arms wide, an invitation for the young man to help him disrobe.
Hideki lay down on the bed and motioned for Jane to straddle his face. He loved the smell of her cunt. He loved the way she responded to his tongue. He loved that it was he who had the leggy, blonde goddess' vagina at his disposal; he could lick it forever, but it came with a price - it left his cock unattended. No worries though, for Herman assumed he was supposed to play with it, and he gobbled it up with his mouth. He got Hideki to writhe and wiggle his body all around. Whether he knew it or not, this added a twist to his tongue motion, and Jane was feeling warm and fuzzy down there. Her new husband really delivered when it came to cunnilingus. But Herman's mouth bore fruit first. "So close," Hideki moaned, "so close." He suddenly he let out a muffled roar, and Jane could tell that he was having an orgasm, but she was more concerned with in her own satisfaction. She was getting close too, oh so close.
Jane seized the initiative. She slid down Hideki's body and stroked his spent, sticky penis until it got hard again. She rubbed her semen-coated fingers on his lips and he sucked on them like a hungry wolf in search of protein. Once he was erect Jane mounted and rode him forcefully, in search of an orgasm she could call her own. She wanted a sexual release, and she was almost there. She panted lustfully; she was so close. Hideki was feeling it too. He changed positions, turning her around and fucking her missionary style. That broke the spell for her, but she held on gamely; she'd finish the job later with a vibrator. Right now it was about letting Hideki have his way with her. It was more important for him to get off than her.
He husband's moans of passion knew no limit. His cock had found a home inside Jane's warm pussy. When he unloaded he discharged his semen inside her box, and he slumped on top of her in satisfied relief. The new bride felt good for having gotten a second orgasm out of her husband, if only because of the message it sent. I really do turn-him on, she thought. I own this bastard.
"What about me," a desperate Herman asked? "I haven't cum yet."
"Herman" said Jane, "just jerk-off and be done with it. This isn't about you. Stop being selfish."
He stopped mid-stroke and released his hand, his boner flopping a few times before it settled down. "You're right," he said. "I'm sorry."
Jane relaxed in the bath with her vibrator, and she gave her men the privilege of watching her pleasure herself. She had never let anyone see this most private of affairs, except Dan, once. The irony of course was that if Dan were here now she wouldn't have a need for the vibrator. He was the one man who could get her off. But Dan wasn't here; she made her choice,
Herman had brought his boner with him into the bathroom, along with some stored up spunk he was anxious to be relieved of, and Hideki was happy to oblige. He sucked on the valet's rod while Jane played around with the fiberglass, vibrating contraption, and soon there were two happy endings.
"Now for the weird part," Jane said. "Herman slept in the same room as us, on a loveseat. I woke up in the middle of the night, and he was in bed, snuggled up close next to Hideki. Who knows what the fuck they did while I was asleep. I tell you, marriage is no different than being single; kinky shit just keeps following me around."
"You know, you said you were just going to borrow him," reminded Olivia.
"I know, but that was before. He started out as a luxury, but now he's a necessity. Besides, you got Dewey, you shouldn't be greedy."
"They're a pair," she pointed out, but her heart wasn't in the argument. She knew that he was in a good place, and one less person around meant less competition for William's bone. They were fucking almost every day. Olivia was frequently putting him in sexual situations and taking photos, many of which ended up on the website. Some were solo and some were homo, mostly with Dewey, but the only hetero she included was clothed women in observation mode only. Sometimes the photo shoots called for ejaculation and sometimes they didn't, but they almost always ended with a bang. Olivia too was in a good place.
****
Marty took a deep breath and filled his lungs with the desert air. "Isn't it great to be outdoors, just us men...no girls to fuck with our heads." Marty was making his Donkey debut, and to him fell the honor of uttering the scene's first line of dialogue.
There were five of them hanging around the swimming pool. Pete reclined on a lounge chair, with his arms behind his head, taking in the sun. He had retained some his morning wood, and he resisted the temptation to touch it, knowing he would need it later. Marty stood next to him, staring into the water, offering his naked profile to the camera. His uncircumcised appendage hung limply, but it stirred the senses nonetheless. He was a hot commodity, and he knew it.
William rose from his chair and walked over to where Marty was and stood next to him. After a few seconds of quiet solace he put his arm around Marty's shoulder, Marty put his around William's waist, and the two muscular Adonis' paid homage to the male physique by baring their bodies unashamedly. It mattered not that their flaccid penises were stuck in low gear.
Monica had reminded the camerawomen that, "one of them will start to get a hard-on, so be ready. That will be the takeaway," but for now everyone was content to have cocks down. Both men were endowed well enough to get away with a softie, as there was still plenty of penis to gaze at.
Dan sat a few feet away, and he was feeling the moment. He knew why he was hired, and it wasn't for his muscles, but of all the men, he was the one with the hardest, stiffest, most attractive, and the most ready to perform, cock. It was locked and loaded, and ready to go. He had a way of making his thing look dangerous, like a menace to society.
Jay was playing the equivalent of the slave boy role from thePerverted Piratesfantasy. It was a good concept that Tim had, but the hard work of getting it from a dream to a video proved beyond his capability. The plan was to take an element of his idea - six naked men in the desert - and go from there. Whatever they ended up with, they'd find a way to make it work.
"Monica greeted the players. "I hope everyone remembered, no sex after midnight."
Pete was still ruing his missed blowjob. "I wonder what time she stopped sucking Jay's dick," he muttered in a soft voice to no one in particular, but Monica heard the comment.
"Ten o' clock, if you must know," she replied. "All right, places everyone."
"Where the hell is that punk," asked Pete? "Hey kid, what's taking so long? Get the fuck out here; we're thirsty." The men were very nonchalant about their nudity. Marty and William had sat back down. What would the viewer think? Were they gay? Nudists? Dude Ranchers having a pool break? And what about that fifth man? Why was he sitting behind a table with his legs crossed? Why didn't he show his goods?
There was a reason, which was that Monica wanted to build the suspense before the gigantic appendage made its appearance, but that would be wasted on veteran Donkey watchers, for Darryl was instantly recognizable. The old man was the leader, the Captain of the perverted pirates. Pete was First Mate, and William, Dan and Marty made up the crew. Jay was the slave boy.
"...And I'm telling you right now, grandpa, if you tell anyone I did gay shit I'll pull your club membership. You're out."
"You got a short memory, Pete, but that's okay. You just better hope that nobody owns a computer, because you'll be on the Internet. Besides, I'm not too crazy about this homo thing either, so you say nothing about me and I'll say nothing about you."
"The why the hell do it?
"Same reason you're doing it; for the pussy. I fucked that broad of yours, Liz. She was unbelievable. If sucking a cock's the price I have to pay to ball a chick like her, so be it."
"That's right, we're doing it for the pussy." That was worthy of a high-five.
Jay came out carrying a tray with drinks for all the men. He too was naked.
"How about a sweetener," Marry asked? He held his glass out and Jay dipped the tip of his cock into it and wiggled it around. "I said a sweetener, dickhead." Jay got the message and masturbated, aiming his jizz into Marty's glass.
"Hey, get a look at the pencil-dick," laughed Marty. "He doesn't have any balls."
"Yeah, but I can still cum," Jay said, between grunts. Beating off for the handsome, buffed muscleman was a sensual treat for the young lad, to which his enthusiastic discharge bore witness.
"That's what I'm talking about," Marty exclaimed, swallowing the contents of the glass in one gulp. Jay retreated inside as the other men had a good laugh, taking with him a secret man-crush on the white Adonis.
Lisa was cued, and she came out to the yard; short skirt, lots of curves, cute face, long dark hair, very, very sexy, and she approached the men while carrying a pair of shearers in her hands. She ignored their nakedness. "I'm sorry to bother you," she said, "but could one of you hold the step-ladder for me?" She pointed to it, over near some shrubbery. "I need to do some pruning, but the ladder is wobbly." All five men jumped up, happy to assist. They walked over together, and the woman smiled to herself, which suggested that she still had it, and that she knew she still had it.
She climbed to the top of the ladder, tantalizing the nude men with a view under her skirt. Lisa wore black panties, which all the men could attest to, for they made no apologies about taking a peek. Dan still had the most developed boner, and he showed it around for everyone to see, including the lucky audience that would eventually be watching at home. The pruning done, Lisa climbed back down. She frowned, only one boner? After the upskirt show she just put on? What a disappointment; maybe she didn't still have it.
"What's with the softies? Are you boys queer or something?"
"Hey baby, we're just a bunch of lewd, nude dudes. What do you think?"
The woman sized up the men's genitalia. "I don't care if you're fags or not, but I was hoping to get laid..."
"I'm game," said Dan, excitedly.
"What do you know? We got one real man here."
"He ain't no real man," laughed William. "I had him in the ass this morning." Much mirth ensued, and four of the men retreated back to the swimming pool. The fifth remained behind, the one with the full erection. Dan pounced on Lisa like a caged tiger, getting her out of her skirt and halter-top without delay. His cock wagged up and down in appreciation.
Lisa smiled, as she always did when baring her breasts; she was proud of them and was aware of the effect they had on cocks, as Dan's currently confirmed. She sat down on the grass, lifted her legs up and began to remove her panties. "Here, let me help you," Dan said, and as he was getting in position to do so her foot came in contact with his bone. It felt solid, like it was made out of brick, she thought. Panties removed, Dan worked quickly. He needed no instruction. He planted his face in her vagina and inserted his tongue.
The woman moaned with passion. "You sure know how to lick...for a queer."
The men sat and absently played with themselves while Dan serviced Lisa. "Why should he be having all the fun," said Pete, stretching his semi-hard cock out as far as he could. "Get over here, motherfucker."
"Okay, cut. That's it...not bad," the director said. The actors took a break as they adjusted the set up for the next sequence, during which Marty paid close attention to Dan's stiffie.
"Shit, man, you're making us look bad," he said, as he massaged his own cock for reassurance. "If I had a pecker like yours I could rule the world. Goddamn, what a fucking rod, you got!"
"Jesus Christ," said Pete. "Control yourself, you fucking pervert."
Dam simply smiled. He was used to adulation, and getting it from the new stud made him feel good.
When they resumed there were two things going on at once. Dan was on his back, and Lisa was gently licking and caressing his massive dong. His legs were spread and bent slightly at the knees. His twitched in ecstasy and made exaggerated facial contortions, as he did whenever he was in the thrall of sublime pleasure. By all accounts, Pete should have been concerned; Dan was a tough act to follow, but he didn't have Pete's money, which was a great equalizer.
Pete was very reluctant to do homo, but he knew he'd have to do it for this role. He had given his word in a moment of weakness, and he'd lose face if he backed out now. Besides, Lisa drove him crazy with desire, and she told him it would turn her on to watch him do a gay scene. He could then do unspeakable things to her as a reward; maybe he really was doing it for the pussy, so he kept repeating.
"You're doing this just to fuck with me," he snapped, as Monica prepared him for the coming blowjob.
"Pete, if I wanted to fuck with you I could have done a lot worse than have William suck your dick."
"All right, what do I gotta do?
"Pete," William said, "just relax and enjoy it."
Pete eventually did as he was told. "Jesus Christ," he said, "the things I gotta do for a good piece of ass." But there were lots of good pieces of ass out there, and Pete wanted Lisa's, so his words rang hollow. Monica thought it was simply a case of him wanting to be a Donkey Boy, and Donkey Boys had to be bi - you couldn't have one without the other - talk about a midlife crisis!
Darryl and Pete, the Captain and the First Mate, sat next to each other, with William and Marty poised to service them. Neither man could look at the other, as they felt embarrassed at their predicament. Both would have preferred to suffer the indignity in private, away from the other's prying eyes. A few feet away Lisa was appraising the impact her femininity had on Dan's manliness. It was pretty intense; his penis had turned to steel.
Marty wasn't thrilled about sucking an old man's cock, but he was a pro, and he felt duty-bound to firm it up. From Darryl's vantage point he could watch Lisa's interactions with Dan, and he used that as his stimulant. Dam looked like he was getting ready to cum. Maybe he'll shoot all over Lisa's face and her lustrous hair. He wouldn't mind seeing that; Lisa was a hottie. Women like her were the reason that he became a Donkey Boy. He pretended that it was Lisa's hand that was massaging his cock, Lisa's mouth that was making his cock feel warm and aroused, Lisa's lips that were on the receiving end of his discharge. "Uh, uh, uh," he grunted. "This young punk is making me cum." It wasn't a lot of juice, and Monica was left wondering whether he observed the no sex after midnight edict, but in his case it probably should have been no sex two days before.
"How about that," Marty exclaimed, wiping the spunk from his lips. "And he's not even gay."
"I am now," Darryl said, good-naturedly, relieved over having provided a money shot. "Wow, a happy ending knows no gender."
"You fucking homo," sneered Pete; "look, this fag can't even get me hard."
William stood up and showed his goods to Pete. "Okay, you asked for it. Turn over; I'm going to rip up your prostate."
"What the fuck?" A wave of fear overcame Pete. "No fucking way."
"Oh yeah; you got one minute to get a hard-on. If you don't, you better open up that back door of yours, 'cause I'm coming in."
An erection borne of fear was still an erection, so Pete narrowly averted a crisis. He gave in to the sensation, embracing it instead of rejecting it, and that did wonders for his ability to achieve an orgasm.
"Look at them go," whooped Marty. William and Pete had found a good groove, finally. Pete was twisting and turning in his chair.
"MOTHERFUCKERRRR," Pete screamed, and an avalanche of sperm made its way onto William's hand and wrist. "Goddamn motherfucker," he grunted. William coaxed it all out with Pete cursing every second of the way.
"That was some cum, for someone who said they didn't want a blowjob," William teased. "Are you sure you're not bi?" Pete didn't respond.
"Aren't you glad now about no sex after midnight?"
"Fuck you," but he knew Monica was right. Had Lisa taken care of his morning wood, as he requested, who knows, William's big dick might have been ramming his ass.
Lisa and Dan switched positions, and he plunged his sword into her cunt. They were rocking and rolling in unison. Surely Pete must have been a little bit concerned, or a little bit jealous. Dan had proven himself a top-notch fornicator, and even Pete had to acknowledge his mastery in the art of fucking. But in an unexpected plot twist, Dan stopped grinding. He pulled out, stood up and brandished his boner like the weapon it was. Swordplay was one thing, and Lisa was a real turn-on, but in the desert a man needs a man to finish the job; this was a Donkey production, after all. He was okay with what Monica had in mind, even though his preference would be to give Lisa a white bath. Dan perused all that was before him, debating the best therapy for his agitated rod. He settled on a blowjob, and he walked around to where Pete was resting on his lounger, a satisfying release having put him in a better mood. Hopefully that would lower his resistance for what came next.
Dan stuck his cock in Pete's face. "Give it your best shot, Captain."
"I'm the First Mate, Darryl's the Captain." Hopefully Dan would go over to Darryl.
"I don't care, suck it anyway." Well that was a bummer, but in for a penny, in for a pound, so Darryl's gain became Pete's loss, and he submitted to Dan's will. Having had his own cock sucked by a man made it easier for him to suck someone else's, although the majesty of Dan's digit was lost on him. "A lot of men would pay good money to in your place," Dan reminded him.
"And a lot of women too," added Lisa, looking on with interest. Why couldn't it have been Dan who had all the money? She'd elope with him on the spot, become his sex slave, and live happily ever after...
William and Marty, as professional cocks-men, watched with interest their brethren in action. Not only did Dan's cock get incredibly hard, his enlarged cock-head defined it as a leader of the species. And his exaggerated body movements and facial expressions were worth checking out.
Have you ever banged him," asked Marty?
"I've banged them all," William replied. "Look, I think he's about to blow."
Dan usually left an explosive semen trail, and he was a quick cummer, and a repetitive one as well. That he hadn't yet unloaded meant that something epic was on the way. It would have been very easy for him to pummel Pete's face with his sperm, but Pete was one guy you didn't want to piss-off, especially with a retainer on the line. So instead he stepped to the side as he was on the verge of shooting, he arched his back, put his hands on his hips, and the spunk did flow. Boy did it flow. His unmanned cock spilled on its own accord. Thick white cream accompanied his body spasms, and each convulsion brought forth a fluid sample that was unique in its size, formation and liquidity. It eventually turned translucent, an indication that he was nearing the end, at which point he grabbed on to it and forcibly extracted the remainder of his juice while everyone was left admiring his technique and his talent.
Dan's virtuosity had gotten Monica thinking about Jane. She was due to arrive tomorrow, and she missed one hell of a show.
Marty still hadn't cum yet, nor had William, and their cocks hovered invitingly. Both had been aroused by Dam's performance. Dan and Marty cast admiring glances at each other. "Here, let me help you," said Dan, and he began to nibble on the white Adonis' penis. What happened to him, thought Monica? Dan was the stud that drove the girls crazy with his aggressive and powerful fucking style, along with an eleven-incher that didn't know when to quit. Jane wasn't the only woman who considered him the 'best fuck they ever had'. His prowess was legendary. Seeing him reduced to an effete, gay boy was a little disconcerting.
"Hey, remember me," asked Lisa? William did, and turned his attention away from the fag show so that he could introduce his penis to her mouth. The two musclemen stood side by side once more, and once again their arms were wrapped around the other, but this time their cocks were no longer stuck in neutral. Dan and Lisa made a game out of seeing who could make their man cum first.
Marty was nine inches and counting. Dan gave as good as he got. "You got a pretty good one there, Marty," he reassured.
"Danny boy, it is an honor to have my cock in your mouth. Damn, you suck good." Marty's body tensed. "You did it, Danny boy, I'm gonna explode," he yelped.
Lisa moved in on Dan so that she could sample Marty's sperm, which was dribbling down Dan's chin onto his chest. Their tongues met at his cock-head, and the intense sensation made Lisa shudder with delight. They shared and even exchanged some of Marty's jizz. Rather quickly the story became less about Marty's orgasm then the steamy passion building between Dan and Lisa.
They got carried away, and without warning they were on the ground and Dan was again inserting his dong into her vagina. It couldn't have taken more than a minute, so before anyone could question the change in tactics, Dan's cock was on Lisa's stomach, she was yanking on it, and a second helping of sperm was in the cards.
William wasn't used to being upstaged, but he was an experienced porn player, and he knew genius when he saw it, so he graciously allowed Dan to finish up. Marty was drained, but he felt empathy for William's situation, so he willingly got on his knees and sucked the big man dry. Halfway through it he was joined by Lisa, and they took turns on the prodigious shaft. Once Lisa joined in it was lights out for William, as the combination of two different mouths, two different styles, and two different genders got him hot and bothered. This time it was Marty and Lisa who fought for the right to wear William's cum.
Lisa planted a kiss on William's penis tip, and she licked semen off of Marty's face. "You're both good little fags," she said, not losing sight of the plot, if indeed there was one. Lisa worked on the assumption that the men were supposed to all be gay.
They rested for a while, ate lunch, and then it was time for the second act. It was circle-jerk time, although it was more of a circle-stand, as the six men, having been joined by Jay, stood in a circle, faced each other, and masturbated. Lisa had brought out the riding crop, and she paced around the men and whacked them across the ass every now and again. Monica told her to not hold anything back, and the men were okay with it, so her butt smacks were stunningly executed.
A Donkey Boy needs to keep their eye on the prize and not lose sight of the fact that if the script calls for an orgasm you better damn well ejaculate, regardless of whether your concentration is broken by a hard and painful, carefully produced act of sinister femdom. Oddly, the two men who one might have thought would be quick off the mark weren't. Jay had come quickly, but in all fairness, he only got one mild visit from Lisa's torturing device. Dan wore his butt abrasions as a badge of honor. After some of the things he had done with Jane, Lisa's routine was easy to handle. She used to hit him as hard as she could, using a Ping-Pong paddle, and what made it tolerable for him wasn't the pain, but rather that Jane was stroking his cock as she paddled his cheeks. He came then, and thinking about it now sent him over the edge. His hand wasn't as condescending as Jane's, but it was good enough to take care of business.
"Damn, I knew he was going to beat us," Marty said to William, which only made both of them try harder. But they were still doing better than Pete and Darryl, who weren't even close. If was asking a lot of a senior citizen to provide a second cum shot, but Darryl was determined to get it done. Nobody was sure why Pete was experiencing trouble. He had gotten four or five smacks from the riding crop, but that shouldn't have impacted him. Maybe he was having a middle-aged moment.
William and Marty eventually joined Dan and Jay in the land of contentment, their jobs done, and everyone waited on the Captain and First Mate. Could they seal the deal?
"I got news for you," Monica said, interrupting their stroking, "if you don't cum soon, and I mean real soon, one of you will get Lisa to help you out, and one will get poked by Dan. I'm not telling you who's getting who, so let that be your incentive."
"And when you get me," Lisa warned, "you might get this," and she smacked the riding crop ominously into the palm of her hand.
So the men jerked as hard as they could, desperate for an orgasm; desperate to avoid Dan's penis - in what may have been a first for Donkey Productions, and desperate to avoid the wrath of Lisa - in what may have been a first for her.