Last Sunday was scorching hot so my wife, Alice, and I decided to go to the nudist beach not far from home. A short drive later we arrived at the beach, settled in among some sand dunes, got naked.
As always, I got horny and got a solid erection. I love walking around like that.
Alice seems to like it too. Whenever we go nude and I get horny (almost always), she starts to have some fun.
Every now and again she'll give my cock a squeeze, a kiss or a lick.
She did the same this time, and it drove us both wild. Eventually we could take it any longer. I settled back to our picnic mat, lying on my back, and she approached from the side and began to blow me.
I love being blown at the nude beach. The feeling is the most amazing thing. Cool breeze, warm sun soft mouth. I played with her as she sucked, and she was dripping wet.
There were lots of other people around, and there was always the chance of getting caught. That's what made it so much more exciting.
Alice's pussy was dripping wet by now, and I really wanted to get in there and fuck her good.
"Let's fuck." I said.
" No!" she replied, "there's lots of people around, and someone will see us."
"No one's coming near our dune," I said.
She thought about that, and finally said with a naughty smile, "I'm so fucking horny I'll take the chance. Stick it in me now."
Saying that, she turned around so her cute ass and dripping vagina were facing me.
No need to tell me twice. I got to my knees, crawled in behind her and slid my cock inside her slowly. We began to make slow sweet delicious love. I love fucking outdoors.
I admired at her cute ass as I did her, doggy style, and she had her face lowered. That's why we didn't see the other couple, about our age at mid 30's, standing not three meters from us. I saw them first and stopped in shock. We were busted. Alice wondered why I stopped, looked up and saw them too.
But what she did next surprised me.
Instead of freaking out, she smiled at them, turned to me and said "don't stop" with a naughty look on her face.
I entered her again, and they came closer and sat much closer.
They were a good looking pair, slender and athletic like us.
I don't want to go into detailed descriptions and whatever but she was very pretty with large breasts and dark nipples and a neatly trimmed pubic area. He was also good looking with a penis about the same size as mine.
They watched us intently, and the feeling of being watched was blowing my mind. This was the first time ever we did something like this although I fantasized about it countless times.
I could see that Alice was enjoying it too. She kept looking hungrily at his cock, which was throbbing hard by now with his wife's hand around it, jerking it slowly. His hand was between her legs, gently massaging her pussy.
They looked at us with intense lust as though we were a couple of porn stars, and I decided to put on a show for them. I asked Alice to turn over on her back so I could fuck her from the front. All the time the other woman's eyes were fixed on my hard and wet cock. It was extremely erotic.
My cock got harder and my tip swelled knowing she was admiring me. I looked into her eyes as I re-entered Alice slowly, moaning as I did. I fucked her slowly at first and then faster. And then something happened that led to the most erotic encounter of our lives.
All of a sudden the other woman did something no one expected.
She crawled close to us and began licking my nipple! Can you believe it? It was fucking crazy. In my wildest fantasies I never thought I'd experience this. But here I was. And the pleasure was making my brain numb.
But then suddenly I thought about Alice - what would she say about this? I opened my eyes to see her looking back at the woman hungrily and smiling. Phew! That's a relief. She continued licking my nipple on one side and then the other. Fuck yeah.
All the time her hubby just smiled and jerked off slowly.
Then she gave me another shock. She placed her hand on the small of my back, and then slowly began to lower it until it rested on my right butt cheek, at which point she started to caress and squeeze my ass. My heart was racing and my head felt dizzy. And the pleasure - it was undescribable.
But this sexy, mysterious woman wouldn't stop there; oh no. She slowly began to go between my butt cheeks until it reach my balls. Oh dear it was like an electric shock. But a good one.
So there I was, outdoors at a beach, buck naked, fucking my beautiful wife, with a totally strange woman licking my nipples and massaging my balls while her husband looked on and jacked himself off.
Yup, it was as good as it sounds. Trouble is, I knew I could not last much longer. It took every ounce of my staying power not to cum.
But then she played her trump card, and totally fucked me up.
She started to rub the tip of one finger, moist with juices from Alice's pussy, against my assole. That was my tipping point. I could not hold it any longer and felt my orgasm about to explode out of me.
I cried out, "I'm going to cum!"
Then she fucked my mind totally.
As I pulled out of Alice to cum on her tummy, the other woman bent over, took hold of my cock and...took me into her mouth.
I got such a shock it almost ruined my cum. But she swirled her cool, rough, moist tongue around a couple of times and I got back my senses.
Was she going to let me cum in her mouth? My wife NEVER does that. Well, only one way to know. I began to cum. I came with the pressure of a fire hose.
Squirt after powerful squirt - I can't remember the last time I came so hard - I ejaculated into her mouth, while she kept her pretty lips firmly sealed over my cock. I couldn't stop looking at her with my cock in her mouth.
My mind was numb and my entire body spasmed as I came and came in her mouth for what must have been 5 minutes until at last I was spent.
But she kept her mouth locked right around my cock. Gad this woman was hot. I slowly started to get soft in her mouth.
When I was soft only then did she pull her mouth away, careful not to drop any of my sperm. She looked at me and opened her mouth so I could see my cum on there. Then she turned to show her husband. I think that pushed him past the tipping point because he also started to cum.
And what did she do? Without swallowing or dropping my cum, she wrapped her mouth around his cock and let him cum inside her mouth!! He moaned loudly as he came and came and came.
Eventually he was spent.
And she raised her head and opened her mouth showing us all two big loads of cum in her mouth. Alice and I just gawked. We were speechless.
Eventually she swallowed both loads, smiled, kissed me on the cheek, kissed Alice, and the two of them got up and walked away.