Partially inspired by my own time at university, this is the story of two friends who embark on a series of increasingly daring adventures. Any comments or feedback are much appreciated, hope you enjoy!
*****
Chapter Five -- Dirty Dancing
'Charlie,' she half screamed through gritted teeth. 'I am going to kill you...'
There was no time to sit there seething though, as the sound of the engine grew ominously louder. 'Fuck me.' Holly realised that the hedge at the end of the drive was her best bet for some cover, so counterintuitively she had to quickly run towards the road and then cower in a ball as rays of light from the car's headlights pierced through the leaves. She watched as they slowly passed by and continued on down the street, unaware of the naked girl hiding just out of sight. That was the first problem solved, but now what about the keys? She'd never left the safety of her own house in the nude before tonight, and now she was having to consider a streak across to her neighbour's lawn. Her thoughts were interrupted by a taping from the window, and she looked back to see a grinning and now fully dressed Charlie grinning at her from the safety of the living room. She would have loved to run up to her and beg for mercy but she knew she'd be left too exposed from the road, so instead she just gave her friend the finger. Holly knew the house keys were the quickest way to get back indoors, and so despite her misgivings she knew she'd have to make a run for it. Still in a daze from the absurdity of her situation, she slowly rose up and looked down to make sure her arms were covering as much of her body as they could, as if that would make much of a difference if she was caught. Creeping forward she peered nervously left and right, and from what she could see in the darkness the pavements seemed clear. With a gulp Holly took her first step out onto the cold paving slabs, and before she chickened out she ran stiffly across the street, clutching herself as she went. In a flash she was in front of the house in question, and she plunged down again to avoid the light coming out from their front room. She could see the reflections from a tv dancing across the ceiling and she assumed someone was inside watching on the sofa, hopefully oblivious to the scene that was unfolding outside.
'Where the hell did she throw it?' Holly reluctantly dropped to her knees and began to feel through the cold wet grass of the lawn, trying to feel for her keys. Her own body was blocking the yellow light from the streetlamp meaning it was very hard to see, so she just kept sweeping around with her fingertips, hoping to hit something. Her skin was covered in goosebumps and steaming with heat as her heart continued to beat out of her chest, the adrenaline coursing through her veins was more intense than anything she'd ever experienced before. If anyone came up the road they would be greeted by an unobstructed view of her on all fours, butt in the sky, with everything on display. The risk was insane, but the thrill was incredible.
'Yes!' Her hand had found a piece of sharp metal and Holly triumphantly held up her keys, watching the way they shone as if they were precious jewels. She leant back on her heels and swept her hair, which had become plastered over her face as she searched, back over her shoulders. She had done it, and now she just had to run back and get dressed, after murdering Charlie of course. Standing up she brushed some errant blades of grass off her shins, then turned to nip back across the road, not even bothering to cover up like last time. This turned out to be a mistake.
'Oh shit!' Standing at the end of the driveway was a guy about her age, holding two bags of shopping, frozen in place, mouth agog.
'Umm...'
Holly was also stuck on the spot, her brain had no idea how to deal with this situation. It was so panicked that it had gone past embarrassment or fear and had just jumped straight to complete and utter shock. She realised she hadn't said anything or moved a muscle for what felt like an eternity, and she needed to leave. Without a word she stepped forward and ran past the stunned stranger, not even checking to see if the road was clear, and mad a beeline for her house. She fiddled with the locks as if in a trance, watching her fingers work entirely independently as she observed from a different body. Finally there was a click and she was back indoors. Bursting into the hallway she slammed the front door shut and slumped down onto the carpet, holding her head in disbelief.
'Ah you're back, about time.' Charlie appeared from a doorway, wine glass in hand, and looked down amusedly at her dishevelled friend. 'You ok?'
Holly slowly came out of her stupor and looked up, wide eyed and with her cheeks flushed red. 'Get me my jumper.' Charlie held out a hand and pulled her up, then the pair walked back to the kitchen to find Holly some clothing. 'And the bottle, get me the bottle.' Covered up once more and with alcohol to calm her nerves, Holly sat down on the sofa and told Charlie what had just happened.
'Holls I am so sorry!' As the details had emerged Charlie had become more and more apologetic, and genuinely felt guilty for what had happened. 'I never thought anyone would see you but I guess the drinks went to my head a little, what I made you do was insanely risky.'
'Yeah no shit.' Holly took another sip from her glass and rubbed her toes which were still cold from all the running about outdoors.
'You must have been so mortified, that sounds awful. And do you know who he is, are your houses close?'
'No not really. I think he's that family's only kid, but he doesn't go to our college. My parent's say hi to his ones, but we don't have much to do with each other.'
Charlie nodded. 'Ok well that's good news I suppose, it would be dreadful if you were really close neighbours or something and you had to see each other all the time.'
'Yeah, its only what, a few months until I leave for university? I can avoid him for that long, hopefully, just never make eye contact if I see him, pretend this never happened.'
'That's the spirit.'
'Mmm.'
'I really am sorry though, I won't push you like that again.'
'Oh I know. And just so you know, you're not getting away with this for free. I will get revenge.'
'What does that even mean?'
'I haven't decided yet.'
*****
A couple of weeks had passed since Holly's scare. She thought the experience might humble her and reign in some of her newfound naked tendencies, but the next morning when she woke she found she was more ready than ever to ditch her clothes and leave them in her room. Charlie had calmed down on the nude stuff too for a few days, but soon the selfies and phone calls returned, and both girls were back to enjoying their naughty freedom, albeit indoors this time. Holly started to subconsciously keep an eye out for the guy across the street, and she saw him coming and going from his house a few times, but only ever from her window. Her work continued to be monotonous and boring, and other than the mild worry that one day her parents might come home early and catch her walking around in the buff, her life was pretty excitement free. The one fun event was another movie night, this time at Charlie's. They didn't strip off like they had before, that felt a bit weird for two friends just watching tv on a bed, but Holly had managed to dare her friend to run downstairs and get them some popcorn whilst topless, despite the risk of her housemates catching her unawares. Charlie said she shared her friend's boredom and so they decided to plan a trip to the seaside, on a weekday which was forecasted to be gloriously sunny, and which should be free of the usual throng of beach goers that would congregate every weekend. The morning of the trip arrived and Holly decided to put her bikini on at home then just wear a cropped t shirt and some shorts on top, with some sandals to complete the outfit. Her parents had let her borrow the car and so soon she was outside Charlie's house, watching her lock her door then run up and jump into the passenger seat.
'Oh you've already got your suit on, smart. I just chucked mine in my bag.' The two enjoyed the hours drive to the coast, blasting out music on the stereo and maxing out the aircon to keep themselves cool on what had turned out to be a scorcher of a day. The parking area near the beach wasn't that full as they had hoped, and as they walked over the dunes and then down onto the hot sand they could see a reasonable amount of people, laying out sunbathing or swimming in the sea.
'There aren't any changing rooms are there?' Charlie hadn't been to this area for a while, and shielded her eyes as she looked around.
'No but you've got a towel haven't you?'
'Yeah but that's not as dignified.'
They walked over to a spare area of sand and placed their stuff down facing the water. Holly glanced around at the other people relaxing nearby as she pulled off her outer clothes and folded them away, then turned to watch Charlie wrapping herself up in a towel. Holding the top shut with one hand she awkwardly began to shimmy her jeans down her legs, almost threatening to trip over as she did so.
'Smooth.'
'Shut up.' Despite the odds she managed to kick them off, although the wild kicking required to do so did reveal a flash of underwear from underneath her covering.
'Oh I like those red ones, very cute.'
'Holly man this is so hard.' Next up was her t shirt which she tried to inch up her body, contorting her arm as she did so to keep herself hidden. Holly was openly laughing at her by this point and decided to take pity.
'Look this is how you do it, you moron.' She got up and readjusted her bikini slightly, then took her beach towel and held it in front of Charlie. 'Now link the other one.' Charlie unwrapped her towel carefully so that it was hanging behind her back, and Holly stretched her arms out wide so that her friend was now hidden in between the two rectangles of fabric. 'See, now you can just get undressed like a normal person.'
'Rude, but ok thanks, this is a better way of doing it.' Charlie quickly took off her shirt. 'Just don't let go, ok?' Holly politely looked to the sky as Charlie unclasped her bra and fished around in the bag at her feet for her swimming costume.
'Done yet?' Charlie ignored her and tied on the new top, before loosing the panties and finally slipping on her bottoms.
'Thanks.'
'You're welcome.' The pair disengaged and folded the rest of their things away, before lathering on some sunscreen and settling back onto the sand to relax. They swayed between idle chit chat and long periods of silence as they soaked in the rays, and listened to the cries of the seagulls and the swell of the waves. Holly couldn't fully relax though, the sun felt so good on her skin but the material of her bikini, however skimpy it was, felt awkward and restrictive in comparison. She realised that all her time at home without her clothes had made her used to being that way, and it was a shame she couldn't get truly comfortable here too. Unless...
'I'm getting way too hot, want to get in the water?'
'Not really, I'm so comfy here.'
'Come on lazy, you can't come to the beach and not go swimming.' She got up and prodded Charlie with her toe, who then joined her in setting off down towards the sea. Giggling they ran in together hand in hand, shrieking at the freezing water as it hit their legs. They slowly waded further in before Charlie gave Holly a shove and she fell, gasping as she became fully submerged. She retaliated by grabbing her friend's arm and pulling her down with her, and the two playfully splashed around at each other until they had adjusted to the cold. Neither of them were serious swimmers so they didn't go far out, but sufficiently deep so that they couldn't see the seabed anymore. They hugged the shoreline as they went off a fair way from their bags, going far enough along to check out the cute lifeguard sitting on top of his watch tower. As they were about to turn back Holly decided to mess around.
'Hey Charlie?'
'Yeah?'
'Could you hold this for a second?'
'What?' Holly floated over and passed over a handful of wet fabric. 'Your bikini bottoms? Are you crazy?'
'Just for a second, hold on.' Holly grinned, took a deep breath and disappeared down below the surface for a moment, before bobbing back up with her shoulders noticeably missing the straps that had been there mere seconds earlier. 'Thank you.' She took back the other half of her bikini and clutched it in her left hand, with her top now held tightly in her right.
'Holly you're naked in public! Again!'
'I know! But this is the best way, no one can see me. It's the perfect crime.'
'Well,' This time it was Charlie's turn to go underwater briefly, to get an unfiltered look at her friend. 'I can see you, all of you in fact.'
'Come on, join me.'
'Are you sure?'
'Yes, it will be fun!' Charlie looked back to the shore but then laughed and quickly copied her friend, soon floating next to her in the nude as well.
'Wow this feels so weird! I'm all tingly, are you?'
'Yeah exactly, I've never been skinny dipping before but it feels great right?'
'It really does... wow. And the fact that we're naked and they have no idea, any of them.'
'Told you.' Both girls enjoyed the new sensation of the water against their skin as they swam back the way they had come, weaving their way around the few other people who had also decided to brave the sea, so they wouldn't get too close and risk being discovered. One woman waved to them as they passed and they called out hello, but quickly moved on just in case she fancied a conversation. Soon they were back where they had originally got in, and Holly had a quick glance around before raising her legs until she was floating on her back with her arms out wide, the water lapping over her body, occasionally revealing her hard nipples and cold firm skin.
'Careful Holls, we're near the beach now.'
Holly pinched her nose and performed one last aquatic manoeuvre, rotating around in a forward roll motion and baring her butt to the sky one last time, just for the hell of it.
Charlie sighed. 'I've corrupted you, you know. I used to be the crazy one and now look at you.'
'Takes one to know one.' They both reluctantly got dressed again and then swam to the shore, then walked back to their beach towels. They'd bought a picnic so they spread out the food and tucked in as they began to drip dry. Afterwards they both relaxed back onto their backs and sunbathed for another hour, as Holly fully dozed off with the sun warming her front this time. She woke when she felt a slight chill passing over her, and had to take her sunglasses off to look around as it had become so dark.
'Oh great.' The sun had disappeared behind a huge grey cloud which didn't look like it was going anywhere soon, and the other punters around them seemed to be mostly packing up their stuff and heading home.
'Think we should call it a day?' Charlie was sitting up too and surveying the sky. 'We've got a long drive back.'
'Yeah, ok.' Holly packed up the left over food then turned to see Charlie brushing herself off with a towel.
'Can we do that two towel thing again, so I can get out of this bikini? I'm already dry again thanks to the sun.'
'Oh yeah, sure.' Holly moved across and held out her own towel again, sandwiching Charlie in like before.
'Thanks again. I can do you after.' Charlie peeled off her top and then knelt to try and pick up her bra from the pile of clothing at her feet. 'Dammit.'
Holly was watching the last couple of sunbathers near them busily packing up, and had a bad idea. 'Here, hold these ends and I'll give you your stuff. Take off the rest too, it will be easier.'
'Oh, sure.' Charlie took a corner of the towels with one hand and pulled off the bottom of her bikini with the other, as Holly bent down and used her free hand to bundle up all of Charlies clothes, then pin them against her chest.
'Got them.'
'Careful you're lowering the towel, I'm naked here.'
'Sorry, sorry. So, ready?'
Charlie peered over her makeshift dressing room curtain, and began to reach for her underwear. 'Yeah, pass it over.'
'Whoops.' Instead of helping her friend Holly instead suddenly yanked at her end of the towels, tearing them out of Charlie's unsuspecting hand. She was now holding both the towels and all the clothes, and she looked with vengeful delight at her naked friend standing unprotected in the middle of the beach. She couldn't enjoy the moment for long though and she turned and sprinted away, stumbling as she struggled for grip on the hot sand.
'What the fuck?' Charlie screamed as she looked down in astonishment at her nude body, then set off in horror, in desperate pursuit of Holly. Her panic and shame were enough to power her forwards rapidly, and Holly looked over her shoulder and realised she would quickly be caught. She threw a t shirt and a pair of underwear to the side as a decoy, but Charlie ignored them and continued to catch up, her arms pumping and her hair flailing madly behind her. 'Holly stop for fuck's sake!' Holly threw the remainder of the clothes behind her but no sooner had she done so was she rugby tackled from the rear, and fell smack down onto the ground. Spitting out a mouthful of sand she felt a towel being wrenched out from beneath her, and Charlie stood victoriously over her as she wrapped it around herself. 'What the fuck was that?'
'I told you I would have my revenge.' Holly rolled over panting and smiling, satisfied with her prank.
Charlie laughed incredulously, holding a hand to her forehead in disbelief as she kept tight grip of the towel at her front. 'Seriously? You think that's the same?' You got caught by one guy, at night, not by a beach of people in the middle of the day.'
'Nah relax, everyone's gone pretty much.' Holly lied. Their little stunt had been witnessed by quite a few amused passers-by, who had stopped to watch the pair streak across the beach. Now they continued on their way as it was clear the show was over, and Charlie bashfully looked away from their gazes.
'I'd beg to differ. God I actually had a heart attack when you did that. I trusted you too!'
'Haha I know, I know, but I did warn you that I'd get even at some point. And anyway, you're now forgiven for locking me out last time.'
'I'm not sure if I forgive you.'
'Awww,' Holly got up and hugged her friend who did not reciprocate. 'Don't tell me you didn't enjoy the thrill though, because I know you did.' They wandered back to their bags, collecting the strewn items of clothing as they went, then Charlie started trying to get dressed again. She refused Holly's help, on the basis that there was now a serious lack of trust in their relationship, and instead clumsily tried to get her shorts on under the towel, deciding to forgo her underwear.
'Ah fuck this.' She stood facing the sea and dropped the towel, revealing her naked behind to Holly and the rest of the beach, with her shorts still only up to her knees. She quickly tugged them up then bent down to get her t shirt, then finally stepped into her sandals and walked back to Holly. 'You're staying in your bikini then?'
'Of course,' Holly said smugly. 'Saves the bother of getting dressed.' She didn't however chuck on her overclothes as she had done so for the trip there, instead enjoying the feeling of driving home in her bathing suit. She finally covered up when she paused to drop off Charlie, so her parents wouldn't ask any questions when she walked through the door. When she got to her room she stripped off for a shower, and admired her new tan lines in the mirror as she waited for the water to warm up. She pulled out her phone and took a quick full frontal selfie, displaying the perfect imprint of her bikini set against her freshly darkened skin, and sent it to Charlie.
*next time we go back we need to do something about this*
After a long luxurious shower she saw her friend's reply.
*i'm sure you'd like to get rid of them, you budding nudist*
*speaking of which, do we have any nude beaches near us*
*oh god*
*not that you need it to be a nude beach to get nude at the beach*
*don't remind me*
*i'll look up where our nearest one is*
*nooo*
*you'll love it i'm sure xxx*
*****
'But that story,' Holly whispered, leaning over and running her hand gently through Jericho's hair, 'that's for another time. Let's try and get some sleep.'
The next morning it was Jericho's turn to rush off to an early lecture, and he reluctantly heaved himself out of bed and looked around for his clothes. As he stumbled about Holly rolled over and yawned loudly, groggily looking up at him and watching as he got dressed.
'Come back to bed babe.'
Jericho couldn't find his left sock. 'You know I want to, but they do take attendance for this module, unfortunately. You can have a lie in at least.'
'Come on...' Holly lay on her side and slowly opened the sheets to reveal her body, lightly tracing across her skin with her other hand. 'You know you want to.'
Jericho glanced down then looked away, shaking his head ruefully. 'You are pure evil.' He put on his trainers then stood in front of Holly's full length mirror to try and quickly cure his messy bed hair. As he fixed it he heard the creak of the bed springs and felt her arms come around his waist and squeeze him tightly, as she snuggled his back with her cheek. Smiling Jericho turned around and Holly eagerly jumped up into his arms as he wrapped his hands under her butt. She pulled him in for a long deep kiss, and for a moment they made out as he slowly carried her towards the door. Holly looked over her shoulder to see where they were going, then continued to peck him with multiple small smooches, whispering in between them as they went.
'Jay, honey?'
'Yes dear.'
'What are you doing?'
'Making the most of the time we have left together?'
'Mmm ok...'
Their embrace continued as they moved, Holly's legs wrapped around his torso and her arms linked behind his head, and when Jericho reached the door he turned slightly so that he could reach out quickly with one hand and release the latch. At this sound Holly's eyes widened.
'Umm Jay...'
'Shhh...' He pressed his lips against hers again before reaching out a foot to shove the door open. Before it could swing back into them he turned round and used his back to hold it ajar, before swinging round and carrying Holly through into the corridor.
'Jay!.' She broke off and hugged him tightly, pressing her body into his and scanning up and down the hallway. Seeing that no one was around she leant back slightly in his arms and glared at him. 'Put me down right now.'
'One last kiss?'
Her angry expression melted back into one of delighted mischief, and she cupped his face in her hands and drank him in.
Jericho patted her gently on the butt twice and finally she jumped back down, standing in front of him holding the lapels of his jacket and tiptoeing to look up at him lovingly. 'Enjoy your lecture.'
'Urgh, kill me.' Jericho walked backwards down the corridor, gazing longingly at Holly as she calmly stood leaning against her door, waving him goodbye. Reluctantly he tore his eyes away, and left the flat to go and find a morning coffee from somewhere. As he queued at the library café his phone buzzed, and he smiled as he opened a photo of Holly lounging back in the comfort of her bed, one hand dropped suggestively between her thighs. 'Thinking of you' was the only message. Safe to say he didn't take much in during his lecture, his mind was elsewhere.
*****
A few days later and Holly and Jericho burst out from under her duvet, panting and coated in sweat. He reached over for a bottle of water on the bed side table, took a long swig and then passed it on as he collapsed exhausted onto the pillow.
'That was incredible.' Holly was too out of breath to reply but gave an agreeable thumbs up as she drank, and Jericho reached over and playfully high fived her. The two had returned from another art class an hour earlier, and headed straight for Holly's room. She'd been attending every week and Jericho had done his best to make it when he could, and was making decent progress which pleased them both. Their flat had another night out on the town planned, and so they'd decided to fit in a little evening sex before the pre-drinking began.
'I don't think I can go out anymore, I'm not sure I can walk.' Holly gazed vacantly at the ceiling, hands resting on her chest, as Jericho leant over to check his phone.
'We should probably get up soon, they'll be looking for us in a bit.'
'I don't want to...' Holly groaned and rolled over to stuff her face into his side, sighing heavily. They both jumped slightly when there was a loud knock at the door. 'Speak of the devil... Who is it?'
'Jessica,' came the muffled reply. 'Can I come in?'
'Oh god.' Holly lumbered to her feet, then looked down at her naked body and reached over to pull the duvet off the bed.
'Umm, hello?' Now it was Jericho's turn to be exposed, and he covered himself with his hands as he looked up questioningly. 'You know I'm still here right?'
'It's my bed not yours, get your own sheets.' Holly smiled pleasantly and shuffled towards the door, casually holding covers in front of her breasts. With her hair still wild and frazzled, and her cheeks red and flushed, it was quite the getup. 'Hi.' She opened the door and leant against the wall as Jessica raised her eyebrows at her friend's appearance.
'Oh, hi. Sorry, am I interrupting anything?'
'No, no.' Holly just smiled again.
'Where you...'
'Yes.'
'Oh right, sorry! Just quickly then, can I still borrow that pair of heels for tonight?'
'Oh yeah sure, of course.'
'I can come back if-'
'Nah don't worry, I left them out.' Without any hesitation Holly turned around and trudged back into her room, dragging her duvet with her again. However, as she only held it loosely over her front Jessica was surprised to be treated to a view of her naked back and butt. She felt rude for staring but didn't look away, surprised by her flatmate's confidence. Jericho glared at Holly as she smirked down at him, cowering in the far corner of the bed which was out of sight from Jessica waiting by the hall. 'It was the red ones right?' Holly turned away from him and picked up the shoes from a box beneath her desk, then returned to Jessica.
'Yeah great. Ah they're so pretty, thanks!' Jessica gratefully took them and twiddled with the buckles.
'You're welcome.'
'I'll ah, leave you to it. See you in the kitchen in a bit?' She smirked coyly at Holly, who chuckled.
'Haha yeah sure, I'll be through in a second.'
'Oh last thing, do you know where Jerry is, he's not in his room?'
'No sorry, maybe a lecture?'
'Ok no worries, sure he'll rock up soon. See you in a minute, and thanks again I love these so much!'
'Finally...' Muttered Jericho as the door eventually slammed shut and he could relax once more. Holly chucked the duvet over him and then playfully jumped on top, pinning him underneath.
'Aww were you scared of getting caught, Jay? Scared of Jessica walking in and seeing you with your little Jericho out in the open?'
'I think one exhibitionist is enough in this relationship, don't you?' Jericho managed to break free from her grasp and rolled her onto her back, pinning her arms down by the sides of her head.
'Oh it's a relationship now is it? What does that make me then?' Holly pouted up as he straddled her.
'Nice try, friend and friend only,' Jericho teased, shifting up so that he could drag his quickly hardening dick over her boobs.
Holly shook her head, laughing. 'Do you let all your friends do this?' She tilted her head forward and just managed to take him in her mouth, slowly rolling her tongue over his tip as he popped back out.
'Only the ones I'm really close too. Come on, Jessica thinks you're busy touching yourself right now, so if we're quick we've got time for round two.'
'Ambitious, but god loves a tryer.' Holly leant forward again, and got to work.
*****
'I'll be honest, the rum has gone straight to my head.' Serena was already pretty drunk, as were most of the flat's kitchen. The drinks were flowing, the music blaring, and spirits were high. The rugby player was chatting in the corner with Holly and Jessica as they waited for their taxis to the club to arrive.
'Oh thank god same, I was worried I was the only one feeling this gone.' Holly was also feeling very wavey, but in a great kind of way. 'Oh look, they're here. Where are the boys?' Her phone indicated that their rides where outside, and as the ten or so of their group filtered out into the hall the girls weaved through to intercept Jericho and Diego.
'You guys ready?' Jessica linked arms with Diego and the five of them headed out of the flat.
'Hell yeah,' replied Diego. 'Damn Holly, don't you need a coat?'
'No?' Holly knew that she probably should be wearing one, her outfit for the night definitely wasn't the warmest. Encouraged by the alcohol she had elected for a dark fishnet style mesh top, which was completely see through, thereby revealing a plain black bra underneath. She'd paired it with a very short pleated skirt, with boy shorts beneath, and chunky white trainers to complete the look. Most of the other girls were in more conventional dresses and heels, but she knew she'd be the one getting most of the attention both here and at the nightclub.
'Ok, just thought you might get cold.' Now outside they all crammed into the taxis and set off into the dark. It was a busy night in town and the club was bouncing by the time they arrived. They all headed straight to the bar where Diego bought the first round of shots, then onto the dancefloor they flooded. Jericho was having a great time, completely wasted but having a ball as he drunkenly danced with his equally inebriated friends. The music was great, their choreography was chaotic but enthusiastic, and everyone was in the zone. Round after round kept being purchased and soon Jericho began to lose track of where everyone else was. After a trip to the restroom he reappeared into the packed smoking area and looked around to see if he could recognise anyone. His search was interrupted by a hand grabbing his arm, and he turned to see Holly smiling up at him. She dragged him down to her level for a long kiss, then took his hand and led him off back into the main building.
They climbed a flight of stairs until they were in a quieter side room which was playing classic disco. There were a group of sofas in one corner and Holly pulled him onto them, jumping into his lap and then resuming their make out session. Jericho lost all sense of time and space as he explored her mouth, massaging her butt and thighs through her thin skirt as they grinded against each other. His hands soon wandered up to play with her hair, and then down again to cup her boobs. This seemed to please her, and she broke off to bite her lip and then take a quick look around. There were no bouncers in this room, just a DJ at the side busy working the decks, and everyone else sitting around them was either passed out or also locked onto the mouth of someone else. Happy that the coast was clear enough, Holly reached behind her back and unsnapped her bra, then pulled it down and out under her top, before stuffing it down the side of the sofa.
'It's just a cheap one.' Her nipples were now fully out and poking through the holes of her top, which now might as well have been completely invisible.
'Oh damn.' Jericho was too drunk to be shocked, he was just incredibly horny, and leant forward to nuzzle her cleavage. Holly threw her head back in delight, then went back in for another snog. Their kissing and hip shifting became increasingly aggressive and purposeful, and Holly decided they should get back to the bar before they did something that would get them kicked out. As they headed back to the dancefloor Holly got a couple of confused looks from passers-by, but with the dark corridors and blinding strobe lights it was quite difficult to tell if the girl who'd just passed you did have her tits out or not. They managed to order their drinks without any issues, then once again they rammed their way through the bustling dancefloor to try and find a pocket of space.
'You're crazy, you know?' Shouted Jericho over the noise, and Holly simply beamed. They danced together, a blur of uncoordinated limbs as they completely forgot about bothering to find out where the others were. It was getting to that late point of the night where people were mainly focused on trying to get off with each other, or find someone to go home with, and Holly and Jericho weren't being left out of the debauchery. It was more dirty dancing by this point, with Holly bent over with her butt pushed into Jericho's crotch, who pushed back and grabbed at her from behind. Holly was so lost in the moment she let herself lift her shirt up to her neck as she groped at her breasts and played with her hair. She then reached behind her and ever so slowly reached under her skirt to pull down her shorts, until they were loose enough to fall down to her ankles. She stepped out of them and moaned as she felt Jericho reach down and cop a feel, toying at her with his fingers right there in the middle of the club. She spun round and embraced him, grabbing one hand and guiding him down between her legs so he could sense just how turned on she was.
'Oh my god guys, where the fuck were you?' Suddenly Jessica burst towards them, and embraced the pair in a hug. Then it seemed as if her brain caught up with what her eyes had just seen and she gasped in shock, then pointed accusingly. 'You were kissing her! You were kissing, I saw you!'
Holly groaned. 'Jess, hang on-'
Jessica wasn't going to be stopped. 'You were, oh my god! I mean I never saw this coming, sure you guys are tight but I thought you were just friends-'
'Jess-'
'Guys this always end badly, never mess around with your flatmate that's like rule number one-'
'Jessica-'
'Eww eww eww, I expected better from both of you, and oh! Titties.' She'd finally noticed Holly's lack of a bra, and was briefly lost for words. Jericho took the distraction to at last get a word in.
'Jess, where are the others?'
Jessica regained her composure. 'Yes, that's why I'm here you idiots. Do you not check your phones? The others are gone, it's nearly four in the morning for fucks sake. I just stayed because I didn't want to leave you two.' Not having realised it was so late, Holly and Jericho apologised and agreed to head back. The queue for the cloakroom was slightly nerve wracking as they waited for a bouncer to come over and notice Holly's inappropriate attire, but she kept her arms folded over her chest and even refused Jericho's coat when he offered it. They managed to immediately flag down a cab and they were soon on the road back to campus, somehow escaping without incident. Jessica immediately fell asleep against Holly's shoulder, who was sitting across from Jericho. When she noticed this she grinned and hiked up her skirt to her waist for a few seconds, letting Jericho see everything before the driver might notice. Jericho pulled out his phone and took a picture.
'Awake sleepy, we're here.' Twenty minutes later the trio stumbled out and headed back to the flat, arm in arm. It was deserted as they walked through the accommodation block and so Holly stopped covering up, instead walking confidently up the stairs, chest thrust out. As they entered their corridor she took the lead and strode ahead. 'I don't know about you two but I'm still wide awake.'
'You're on your own there mate.' Jessica muttered sleepily, trying to work out which pocket had her door key.
'I do feel very sticky though, I think someone spilled some sambuca on me.'
Oh no, thought Jericho as he watched Holly kick off her trainers as she walked, then stoop to pull off her socks. I know where this is going...
'In fact seeing as it's nice and quiet, I might take a shower before bed.' Holly's hands then moved to the hem of her top, and Jessica looked up, confused.
'You what... woah.' She fell silent as she watched her friend pull her top up over her head and casually drop it onto the carpeted floor, and her eyes threatened to pop out of her skull as Holly undid the zip on the side of her skirt and let it drop straight off her hips.
'Anyone joining me?' Holly looked seductively over her shoulder before pushing open the bathroom door and slipping inside. Jessica turned to look at Jericho, her mouth literally hanging open in surprise.
'Am I very, very drunk... or did she actually just do that?'
Jericho walked forwards and scooped up the discarded clothing, tucking it under an arm. 'No, unless we're both imagining the same think, I think that was real.'
'What the fuck is she on?' Jessica passed him and entered the bathroom too, holding open the door as Jericho followed. Inside they found Holly already standing under a flow of water, testing the temperature with her fingers, the door of her cubicle still wide open. 'Holls, hun, aren't you forgetting something?'
'What do you mean? So guys, anyone else taking a shower? They're all free.' Holly had found some communal shower gel and was lathering it over her front.
'Holly, you're naked!' Jessica stared unbelievingly at the scene unfolding before her.
'Well of course silly, how do you take your showers? Fully clothed?' The idea amused Holly, and she jumped out towards them, her now damp skin and soaked hair dripping water over the floor. Jessica screamed and dodged out of the way but Jericho wasn't so quick, and Holly grabbed him in a wet bear hug. 'Come on then, in you get.' She pulled him back with her and Jericho stumbled as he dropped her clothes, then complained as he was dragged into the cubicle.
'Urgh why me, now I'm soaked too.'
Holly laughed and shoved him fully under the shower head, then turned to face Jessica. 'You next Jess, come on!'
'Aha absolutely not,' said Jessica, backing away with a bemused smile. 'I am going straight to bed, to try and forget whatever the fuck.. this is.' She gestured vaguely at the pair. 'You love birds have your fun. Jerry, make sure she gets back to her room in one piece.' With that she left, and Holly rolled her eyes.
'What a kill joy, honestly. Who wouldn't want to join us two in here...' She kissed Jericho then reached down to unbuckle his belt. 'You know what, I kind of like you wearing those wet clothes, it's almost even sexier than wearing nothing at all...'
'Oh yeah?' Jericho kissed her back and ran his hands over her body, blinking away the hot water in his eyes. 'Is this the same one where we first...'
'Oh yes.' Holly fished out his dick and sank to her knees. 'I'm getting some serious déjà vu right now.'
'Fine by me.' Jericho reached over and started to pull the stall door shut, but Holly put a hand on his thigh to stop him.
'Not tonight. Tonight can we keep it open?'
Fuck me, thought Jericho, she really is mad. What if someone comes in and sees this, how the hell do we live that down? He knew she loved that very risk though, and the mad thing was that it was beginning to rub off on him. He pushed the door back open wide.
'Of course we can.'