Authors Notes:
I would like to thank Goof, my editor-in-chief, for editing this story. I couldn't have done it without your help!
*******************************************************************************************************
I woke to the sound of a beeping alarm.
I just need five more minutes, I told myself, but my bladder realized I was awake and forced me out of bed.
After taking care of my overflowing bladder, I checked my phone. No new messages from Pop. It could be a good thing. I needed to get ready for work.
Ken had already left before my alarm went off. He has been so nice, making sure not to wake me up so I could get as much sleep as possible.
I felt guilty knowing all the things I had been doing behind his back and more than a little worried about what would happen if he found out. I had been struggling with this for the last couple of weeks. Nor did I want to stop or Ken or my family to find out.
"Life is so unfair," I grumbled.
I called Ken, and it went to voicemail, so I left him a message.
"Hey, Babe. I just wanted to talk for a few minutes before I left. I hope you are having a great day. Talk to you later. Love me."
At the end of last week, the company sent an email modifying the work-from-home schedules. It seemed that a few senior managers felt people were screwing off, so we had to return to the office indefinitely.
Looking around, I grabbed my backpack and headed out the door.
The drive into the office was uneventful, so forty minutes later, I was sitting at my desk, wondering what I would do today.
The project I had been working on was technically complete, and I hadn't been assigned anything new since I was only a few weeks away from maternity leave. My boss thought I was a lucky duck, getting eight weeks to lay around at home, paid for by the company. I was terrified that we couldn't afford to live after my leave ran out.
Ken assured me that things would work out. He had some kind of side hustle he was working on that would cover my salary. I wasn't so sure, and he wouldn't let me in on the details, which didn't do much to alleviate my concerns.
I was looking over the project closing report when my phone dinged. It was a message from Pop.
"Hey, slut. Where are you?"
I quickly glanced around.
"I'm at work,"I sent back.
"Send me a picture."
I took a selfie and sent it back to him. It showed me wearing a black and white V-neck top and stretchy slacks.
"Pretty tame."
"I'm at my desk in the office. I could get fired doing anything risky,"I shot back.
"Come on, show me those tits."
I looked around, listening to see if anyone was moving in the hallway. My cube was off the beaten path a bit, and generally, no one returned there unless they needed to talk to one of us. Since the downsizing, there hadn't been much reason to return there.
I dug my fingernails into my palms, trying to work up the courage to do what he wanted.
Standing up and looking around the corner, I quickly unfastened my bra and slipped it off from under my top. Stuffing it into my purse, I took a deep breath, slid the straps of the top down my arms until the top half of my breasts were visible, and took another picture.
The picture taken, I pulled the straps back up and sent the picture.
"You can do better, Lisa."
I stood and looked around, seeing no one. I sat down and pulled the straps down until my breasts popped out, taking another picture. In the background, you can clearly see that I am in my cube, including my name tag. Pulling my top back up, I edited the photo, blurring the tag out before sending the picture.
"Much better, Slut. Take another one without your top this time."
"I can't do that! I'm at work! Anyone could walk past my desk. If I got caught, I would be fired on the spot. You agreed that we wouldn't involve work in the game,"I texted furiously back, anger and excitement mixed together.
"How much longer are you really going to be working here? A month, maybe two? Then you are out for six to eight weeks with little prospect of returning to this company, right? Even if they catch you topless in your cube and fire you, they won't give you a bad reference. They would be worried you would sue them for firing you because of being pregnant."
"I guess,"I sent back. I wasn't as sure as he was about the reference thing. It would be their word against mine, but with how easy it was to sue companies, they might just give me the reference to avoid the entire mess.
"Tell you what. I will cover your salary for the next two months, plus two months of maternity leave, and give you a job afterward, making at least what you make now. How does that sound?"
I sat there, mouth open, and reread the text several times. I had come to know Pop over the last couple of months and developed a weird trust, but this was taking things to a new level. Did I want to work for him? So far, I had thought of everything I had done as a game. If I went to work for him, would that make me a prostitute? How would I tell Ken?
"I don't know. That feels a lot like I would become a prostitute," I replied.
"Not everything I do involves sex, and what I have in mind for you would not be prostitution."
"I've only met you once in person. How do I know what you are offering is real?"
I wanted to believe this was a legitimate offer. It would take so much worry off my mind.
"Look in your top desk drawer."
Curious, I opened my center drawer and didn't see anything out of the ordinary, so I opened the right-side drawer and found an envelope that hadn't been there on Friday. It had my name on it and was stamped confidential.
I broke the seal and found five thousand dollars in one hundred dollar bills.
"Holly shit," I said out loud before clamping my hand over my mouth. I looked around again. Seeing no one, I quickly put the envelope inside my backpack and picked up my phone.
"How?" I texted, my hands shaking.
"The how isn't important. Consider it a signing bonus if you take the picture I want or severance payment if you decide to turn me down."
I thought about it for a few minutes, thinking about all the things the extra money could buy and how nice it would be to relax and enjoy being pregnant for once. Before I could change my mind, I took off my blouse and took a picture.
Fuck it.
I took several pictures around my cube. Leaning forward, my breasts hanging. From the side. I even set a timer and held my breasts up, a pouty look on my face.
That picture is what got me into trouble.
Just as the camera took the picture, Kimberly Jenkins, one of the HR assistants, said, "Hey, Lisa. I have some paperwork for you to sign..." She rounded the corner into my cube, catching me scrambling to reach my top.
She stood there for a second, dumbfounded, as she took in my naked upper body, trying desperately to hide my breasts.
Regaining composure, she pulled out her phone and snapped a picture before saying, "Come to my office when you get dressed." Then she turned on her heel and walked away.
Oh, fuck. Oh, fuck.The thought kept going over and over as I put my bra and top back on.
With shaking hands, I sent Pop a text. I included the pictures since working for Pop might be the only job I have at this point.
"One of the HR assistants caught me taking the photos. She wants to talk to me in her office."
"Okay. Let me know how things turn out. The photos are hot, Slut. You should be proud,"Pop sent back.
I stopped at the restroom, unsure, as nervous as I was if I could wait to go after this meeting.
I stopped in front of Kimberly's door and knocked.
"Come in," her voice drifted through the door.
I walked in, feeling timid for some reason. Kimberly was tall and muscular, with small breasts and a lean body. Rumor had it that she had been a weightlifter in college.
"Have a seat, Lisa," Kimberly said, toying with a silver writing pen.
I sat down, looking away from her gaze.
"I have been an HR assistant for over eight years working in a male-dominated company and thought I had seen everything. That is until I walk into a cube of a young software developer to talk to her about the upcoming maternity leave she has and find her posing for topless pictures."
Kimberly set the pen down in front of her and leaned forward.
"What were you thinking?"
I had prepared an excuse on my way over. I didn't know if it would work, but at least it was better than some guy on the internet wanted to see my tits.
"My husband wanted me to take some pictures at work to remember things before I left," I said. Even to my ears, it sounded weak. I just hoped she bought it enough to let it go.
"So you thought some topless pictures were appropriate?"
"No, ma'am," I said, feeling like I was back in grade school.
I had been looking down and didn't see the brief smile that graced Kimberly's face.
"If I hadn't walked in when I did, where would it have ended? Would you have taken all of your clothes off?"
"No," I assured her.
"Are you sure?" Kimberly pressed.
"No," I said after a few seconds of silence. If Pop had asked, I would have ended up masturbating in my cube. The game would have called for me to do it.
As if reading my mind, "How far would you have gone, Lisa?" Kimberly asked, leaning forward, her fingers in a steeple shape.
I felt her judging me and couldn't bring myself to look her in the eyes. The honest answer slipped out before I could stop myself, "I don't know."
"Have you done this kind of thing before?"
"No," I shook my head, looking up and finding myself caught in her gaze. She was the predator in the room. Deep down, we both knew it. I shifted uncomfortably in my seat but couldn't look away.
"I'm adding this to your permanent file to document why we will terminate you with cause effective immediately."
Kimberly rotated the monitor customarily used to sign paperwork so I could see. It was a semi-nude image of me in my cube, holding my breasts up and smiling toward a shocked-looking Kimberly. It looked like I was offering myself to her.
The problem was that the photo could not have been taken by her, with her in it, not from the angle from which it was taken. There was a wall there.
"The photo isn't real," I said, getting pissed as I felt the walls close in on me.
"Oh, the image of you holding your breasts up is very real, and we both know it. The part of me being shocked was real as well. I was shocked. It was the very last thing I expected from you. A bit of AI and the two are now one image that experts would have difficulty telling the difference from a real photo. I might add experts that you don't have the money to pay for."
I could feel tears forming and didn't know if it was because of frustration, anger, fear, or just hormones from my pregnancy.
"So, instead of having to give you two months of pay for having the baby and then giving you a position to come back to that won't exist when you come back, keeping you around long enough to satisfy legal before giving you a severance package, I can terminate you today without any of that or benefits. My year-end bonus will be at least 10k bigger this year," Kimberly said, leaning back in her chair with a massive smile on her face.
"The icing on the cake is that I get to put this picture in your file and forget to redact anything for weeks while all the managers who want a copy download it. I'm sure they will share it with their friends, and you, you little fucking slut, will find it impossible to work after that brat pops out."
"Why are you doing this?" I asked, tears flowing now. I had always been nice to Kimberly, even defending her to others when they said she was a bitch.
"I don't like you," she held up her hand. "Before you ask, I don't have a real reason. It might be your voice, perfect little figure, or popularity. It doesn't matter, really. Now, before the hysterics get any worse, get the fuck out of my office and clean out your desk. Security will check everything you take with you to ensure it belongs to you when they let you out of the building," Kimberly flipped the monitor and started typing, clearly dismissing me.
I sat there stunned for several seconds. This was the first time in my life I had ever been fired. Pop said he would give me a job, and the money he put in my desk would cover my paycheck for the next couple of weeks, but now I had no medical insurance and a baby due in less than two months.
I cleared my throat and looked at Kimberly, who kept typing and ignoring me.
"I'm sorry that I screwed up, and I don't know why I took the picture. Maybe it was hormones from my pregnancy, wanting to feel attractive. The point is, I have worked hard for the company and spent years going to school, and to have all of that taken away because of one minute of questionable behavior seems harsh."
Kimberly looked at me, "Why should I look the other way? It's sluts like you that make it impossible for a hard-working woman to get ahead without fucking her way to the top. How do I know that this was the first time you did this? For all I know, you fucked your supervisors to get where you are now."
"This was the first time. You have to believe me," I said, fresh tears running down my face.
Kimberly sighed, frowning, "It doesn't matter. Company policy is pretty clear on this."
"Isn't there anything I can do? Take a course or something? Get put on a PIP?"
Kimberly shook her head. "This is a sexual harassment case. There are no other options for how to address it other than termination."
I sobbed. Since there was no way to fix it, I stood and walked to the door. My hand was on the handle when Kimberly spoke again.
"I may have a way out of this for you," Kimberly said.
Hope pushed some of the dismal feelings away, and I turned back to look at her.
Kimberly had swiveled her chair sideways, tapping the pen on the desk.
"I'll do anything," I said, wiping my tears.
"Come here then," Kimberly said, motioning me around her desk.
I walked around her desk, curious to know what she wanted, and was surprised to find that she had hiked up her skirt to her waist, exposing a shaved slit.
"Remember when you said you would do anything? Getting me off is your new task every day at 9 am until you take off on maternity leave. I have already cleared it with your supervisor, so he is aware," Kimberly told me, looking like a cat who had cornered a mouse.
I was in shock, and it showed on my face when Kimberly started laughing.
"After I caught you, I knew you were either going to be between my legs for the next couple of months or fired. You're smart but a little mousy, so I was betting on the former. Either way, I was going to have fun today. I love crushing people almost as much as getting a straight woman between my legs. Have you ever licked a pussy?" Kimberly asked.
"Yes," I responded, the hope I had felt squashed by what she demanded.
"Really?" Kimberly seemed surprised.
"I experimented in college," I lied. Kimberly didn't need to know anything about the game I was playing with Pop. Just thinking about why I was here right now kind of pissed me off. He promised that work was off-limits.
"Well, I guess we will see if you remember anything," Kimberly tapped her pelvis, just above her clit.
"You will delete the photo, and everything will return to how you did before you walked into my cube this morning?"
"Yes, yes. Just get your cute little face between my legs before I change my mind."
I put one hand on her desk to steady myself and started to lower my body when I stopped and looked at her.
"How do I know you will keep your side of this?" I asked, looking deep into her eyes.
"Other than my word? You don't," Kimberly said, shrugging her shoulders, "but do you have an alternative?"
Knowing I didn't have a choice, I lowered myself to my knees and put my face between her legs.
I could smell her perfume as well as her arousal.
She is turned on, I thought, noticing that her outer lips were glistening with her juices.
I slipped my hands under her ass and pulled her pussy to my face, inhaling her scent before taking a tentative lick from her taint to her clit.
Kimberly moaned, running her fingers lightly through my hair.
"Just like that, Slut. Nice and slow," Kimberly said, moving her chair forward, gradually forcing me backward until she was close to her desk, and I was underneath it, my presence concealed.
I kept slowly licking as she requested, my tongue forcing her outer lips apart on its way from the bottom of her slit to her clit.
A knock at her door startled me, but a firm hand momentarily on the back of my head kept me licking her wet pussy.
"Come in," Kimberly said.
"Here are the reports you asked for," a deep male voice I recognized as Tim Hartford's said.
"Thanks, Tim, you're a lifesaver," Kimberly said, her voice normal with a hint of flirting.
"Anytime, Kim," Tim said. I heard a chair, probably the one I had sat in, being moved.
"How are the kids?" Kimberly asked.
Tim responded, "Anna is starting kindergarten in a few weeks, and Bobby will enter the second grade."
"I can't believe how big they are getting," Kimberly said.
The conversation went on for fifteen minutes, with Kimberly pulling my face away or pulling it back in to regulate my keeping her from an orgasm while talking to Tim.
"Well, I have to get back before they tear the place apart," Tim joked. I heard the chair move.
"Remember, Linda wants you to come over Saturday for lunch. She says it's been too long since the last time," Tim said.
I heard the door shut and felt Kimberly's hand force my face hard against her pussy. I sucked hard on her clit and felt her shudder as she squirted cum onto her chair and my face.
"Fuck that felt good," Kimberly sighed, releasing my face and sliding her chair back.
I used my fingers to clean up my face and crawled out from under her desk. Using the chair and desk, I could get to my feet.
"Clean up in my restroom," Kimberly instructed, pointing to a door in the corner of the room.
I washed my face and returned to find Kimberly already back at work.
I stood awkwardly, waiting until she looked at me.
"Be here every morning at 9 am. If, for some reason, I'm not here by 9:30, you can go back to your area and do whatever your supervisor has for you. Any questions?"
"No," I responded, feeling dejected.
"Good, now get the fuck out of my office," Kimberly ordered.
I got to the door before she said anything else.
"Lisa, if I were you, I would keep my clothes on in the office. Next time, I might not be able to work out a deal so you can stay," Kimberly informed her without looking up.
I sighed and opened the door. Walking back to my desk, I wondered, not for the first time, why I did what Pop told me to do. It always seemed to get me into trouble.
Because you get off on it, the answer floated up from the dark part of my mind.
I stopped at the restroom on my way and, while in there, sent Pop the picture I had taken along with what I now had to do every day to keep my benefits.
I was almost back to my desk when he responded.
"Who is making you do this?"
"Kimberly Jenkins, an HR assistant,"I texted back.
"I know her. Do what Kimberly wants for now while I work something out,"Pop responded.
"This is why I didn't want to do something at work,"I sent. I know Pop couldn't pick up on how bitter I was right now. Maybe that was a good thing.
"Don't get snarky with me,"was the immediate response.
So, maybe he could pick up on how bitter I was, I thought.
"Sorry. This is VERY frustrating."
"I said I would deal with it. Tell your supervisor you aren't feeling well, have cramps or something, and leave for the day. I will send you an address. Be there in an hour."
I found my supervisor. He was talking to a couple of the other survivors of the layoffs.
Holding my stomach, "Hey, I'm not feeling well. Would it be ok if I took a few hours from my comp pool and went home?"
He looked at me and smiled, "Sure, Lisa. You can take off tomorrow too if you want. It's not like we are doing anything." The last was said quietly, almost under his breath.
I squeezed his shoulder and walked to my cube to grab my things.
Fifteen minutes later, I was in my car, heading toward the expressway, when it dinged.
Pop had sent a pin, saving me the trouble of typing it into the navigation. I clicked on it and drove toward the seedier part of town again, wondering what awaited me there.
After parking at what looked like a run-down apartment complex, I had just locked the car when a couple of thugs approached.
"I think you might be in the wrong part of town," the taller of the two said, his tan skin covered in tattoos of naked women and cars.
"What are you trying to do, Clarence? Run the fine-looking woman off?" the shorter one chastised his friend, his dark skin covered in tattoos of a darker nature depicting death and blood.
I shivered and made to get back into the car, but I found my escape route blocked by a third member of their group, a tall, muscular black man whose arm looked larger than my thighs.
"Maybe we just play with the little MILF before we send her on her way," the tall man standing between me and the car chortled.
"Looks like someone already been playing with the bitch," the man with the naked women tattoos said, causing the other two to laugh.
Each man would make a noise, dragging their feet or smacking the car, anything to get me to jerk and look in their direction as I backed away from the sound. It only took a few seconds before the three men surrounded me, completely cut off from my car.
Finally able to think, I pulled my cell out of my purse, and the short male promptly took it away.
"Hey, that's mine," I said, reaching for the phone, uncaring for a second that my upper body would be pressed against his chest as he turned slightly to keep me from reaching the phone. I felt someone grab my ass, reminding me just how dangerous my situation was.
I turned toward where I had felt the hand on my ass, slapping away the hand. "Stop that," I told the tall black man.
"Stop what?" he innocently replied, his hand on his chest.
"You know what you did," I told him, trying and failing to look taller.
While I was looking at the tall black man, the man with the naked woman tattoos grabbed my ass.
"Knock it off," I shouted, turning toward the other man.
My fear was giving way to being pissed. Maybe not the best given the situation, but that was where it went.
"Give me my phone," I ordered the shorter man, who handed the phone to the tall black man.
I tried to grab it, but he held it over my head, teasing me when he tried to open it.
"Let's see what we got here," he said.
"Good luck, asshole. It's locked," I said smugly.
"Oh, that never stopped an enterprising young man like myself, has it, Clarence?"
"No, Sir. It has never stopped an enterprising young man like yourself," the man with the naked woman tattoos, Clarence, affirmed.
"Hey, look at this," the tall man said, drawing my attention to his hand and the front screen of my phone. Too late I realized what he had done as my home screen popped up.
"Not as smart as you thought, are you?" the tall man said as he opened my pictures.
I just dropped my head, my face burning with shame at the pictures I knew he was about to see.
"Shit, this bitch is a freak!" he said, showing the other two the pictures from this morning that I hadn't moved to an encrypted folder yet.
"Please stop. I am late to a meeting in the building over there," I said, pointing to the building in front of the parking lot.
The man with my phone glanced at the building before turning his attention back to my phone.
I felt one of the men behind me sliding the straps of my top off my shoulders and knew it was a matter of seconds before I was topless, standing in the parking lot.
Would this be any worse than the other things I have done over the last few weeks? I thought. I had already realized that I was in a horrible situation. Nothing I could physically do would stop them from doing anything they wanted to me.
So, I felt the straps come off and watched the lust in the tall man in front of me grow as the tops of my breasts came fully into view.
It was almost like the entire world held its breath as it happened. My breasts popped out of my top.
The tall black man handed my phone to Clarence, "Take some pictures," he instructed as he took his now free hands and grabbed my swollen breasts in his dark hands.
"Please don't do this," I begged him as he roughly squeezed and twisted my breasts and nipples.
Even as I begged him to stop, a moan escaped my lips.
"Do what, Slut? Play with your breasts or play with them where someone might see?" He asked.
I had forgotten that we were only thirty or so feet away from a semi-busy street. I could feel myself getting wet just thinking about it. Anyone could drive down this road. I guess the odds that one of my friends or family might be slim, but the number wasn't zero.
Fuck, the IT supply houses were all on this side of town! What if Ken or someone he works with had to make a supply run?As soon as the thought crossed my mind, I tried pulling away but only managed to express a clear liquid from my nipples, sending shivers through my clit.
"Please just let me go," I begged, but even I could tell the request felt weak.
"If that is what you want," the man molesting my breasts said, letting my nipples go.
Without the pull on my nipples and breasts, the sudden release caused me to lose my balance and stumble backward, falling into the arms of the shorter male.
"Easy there, momma. You have to be careful. You don't want to fall in your condition, it might hurt the baby. Don't you worry though, old Tiza was here to catch you," Tiza said, his hands full of my exposed breasts as he rubbed his cock against my thin pants.
God, he feels enormous, I thought, my reason overrode by my growing arousal.
"Come on, Guys. Leave me alone," I pleaded, making another effort to extract myself before it was too late.
"I'm hurt you think we would do anything to hurt you, momma," Tiza said, pushing me forward until I was balanced on my feet again.
"Sorry... Hey!" I started to apologize. I really don't know why since they had been the ones attacking me when I was pushed forward into the taller man again.
He caught me and lifted me off the ground, dragging my exposed breasts against his rough shirt, which sent shocks to my clit, until we were eye to eye before kissing me hard.
I was hitting his shoulders and struggling when I realized how good of a kisser he was. My arms slowed down their flaying until they wrapped around his neck, and I found myself kissing him back, the other men forgotten.
No longer fighting, I brought my legs up and tried to wrap them around him. The baby kept me from being able to get them all the way around, but his hand was now on my ass, holding me up and against his body.
I could feel his stiff cock as I ground my covered pussy against his shorts, and I wanted it inside me.
Breaking the kiss and pulling away, he looked at me and smiled.
"You're going to the third door on the left off the main entry. You can't miss it," he said as he gently put me down and walked away.
"That's it? What the fuck, T-Bone. You just going to let the slut walk?" Clarence asked.
I actually had the same question floating through my lust-filled mind.
"Yeah, you heard her. She has an appointment," T-Bone said as he sat in the shade of a van a few spots away from where I had parked.
I should have taken the day off, I thought as I crossed the lot and entered the building.
As T-Bone had said, the third door on the left was the address Pop had sent. Taking a deep breath to calm my nerves, I opened the door and entered a reception area.
"It's about fucking time! Do you have any idea how much a production company costs?" A short man said as I closed the door behind me.
I guess it was the way the rest of my day had gone, but I had had enough with assholes.
"I don't know, and honestly, I don't fucking care. I don't know why the fuck I'm here in the first place. Pop gave me the address and told me to come here, so I did. After I got here, I had to talk myself out of being raped or worse in the parking lot, and then when I got to somewhere I thought I would be safe, I got yelled at by someone I don't even know about something I know nothing about."
"Normally, I guess I would just go with the flow, but today for some reason, I seem to be completely out of give a shit. Now, if you want me to stay, you had better talk to me like a fucking person and explain a few things." By the end, I was almost yelling. I had been told that my hormones would be out of whack, and I had noticed I was more apt to cry or be moody. This was the first time I was pissed.
I don't know which of us was more surprised. I swear I heard someone clapping from the other room.
"Well. I. That is," The little man collected himself.
"Sorry, I didn't mean to come across like a total ass. It's been a shitty day, with everything taking longer than.... Wait a second. Did you say you were nearly raped in the parking lot?"
"Yeah, after being told I didn't belong here, they surrounded me, took my phone, and started to pull my clothes off before letting me go."
The man rubbed his eyes before yelling, "Tom!"
A thin Latino man entered the room, "Yes, Boss?"
"Will you go out and talk to the boys and let them know what they are supposed to be doing out there? Ensure they understand that raping young women isn't on that list."
"Sure thing, Boss," the thin man said, giving Lisa a wink as he walked out.
Turning back to me, the short man said, "Now that we have that fixed, follow me so we can get you into character." He turned on his heel and headed toward where the Latin man had come from.
I started to ask what he meant by character, but he was already gone.
This day is completely fucked up,I thought as I followed after the guy like a lost puppy.
The next room had many lights, and a couple of high-end cameras, all pointed at what looked to be the front end of a wedding chapel.
"Vanessa, can you get her dressed and ready?" the short man asked a lanky redhead standing by a clothes rack.
"Sure thing, Boss," Vanessa replied, looking me over.
"They sent over your measurements, so the dress should fit. If not, we can make a few adjustments," Vanessa chuckled, seeing the confused look on my face.
"First timer. OK. Just breathe, and it will be over before you know it," Vanessa assured me.
I let her lead me behind a wall that served as a privacy shield and stood as she handed me a dress.
"Put this on," Vanessa said, moving my head around.
"Can you tell me what the hell is going on?" I asked, staring at the dress stupidly.
Vanessa gave me a calculating look for a second, "Stay right here," Vanessa instructed before turning and walking away.
So I stood there, white dress draped over my arm, looking around while hearing the people working around me talking.
A couple of minutes later, the short guy was back with Vanessa.
"Vanessa said you don't know why you are here. How is that possible?" He demanded to know, his face slightly red.
"I don't know what I am here for other than Pop giving me the address and asking me to go here," I told him, feeling clueless.
"Vanessa, can you get her fitted while I get this sorted?" the short guy said as he walked away, already on his cell phone.
I went to say something, but Vanessa put her hand on my arm, "Easy, let him sort out the miscommunication while we get you ready."
"What the fuck am I getting ready for?" I asked, still feeling anxious.
"Let me guess how your interactions with Pop have been going. He has you show up somewhere, one thing leads to another, and you end up getting fucked. Does that about sum it up?" Vanessa asked, her hands on her hips.
"Well, yeah, but it sounds terrible when you say it like that," I said, wrapping my arms around my stomach and feeling defensive.
Vanessa laughed and put her arm around me as she turned me back toward the changing area. "I'm not judging, princess. Pop has a way about him, and you must admit, you have been having the time of your life following his directions, haven't you?"
I thought about what she said and realized it was true. Some of the things I have done still shock me when I think about them, but I couldn't remember a time in my life when I felt freer than I do when I was following Pop's directions. That worried a part of me, which seemed to get smaller daily.
"Now, let's get you dressed before Alvin comes back and has kittens because there is another delay,"
"Alvin?" I asked, immediately picturing a chipmunk. I lost it, laughing so hard that I had to use the restroom before we could continue with the dress.
"Feeling better?" Vanessa asked when I got back, a smile still on her face.
"Much. Let's get this over with," I said, picking up the sun dress.
I stripped off my outfit and pulled the other one over my head. Other than a little trouble with my stomach, it fit perfectly. The elastic midriff accented my enlarged breasts while allowing the material to flow over my abdomen where it hung down to mid-thigh.
"You look amazing," Vanessa appraised as she put my hair in a ponytail.
Running her hands over my sides, she lifted my breasts slightly, causing them to hang a little over the material. It left no doubt that I wasn't wearing a bra.
"Perfect," Alvin commented, startling me as he walked into the room.
"Be a good girl and spin for me," he said, a pensive look on his face as he rested his chin in his hand.
At Vanessa's nod, I spun, watching the dress lift and exposing my naked lower body to both of them.
"I don't know how he does it," Alvin commented, shaking his head to clear his thoughts.
"I spoke to Pop. He said to tell you he was disappointed that you needed everything spelled out for you, but he asked me to do it this one time, so listen up. He offered you a job this morning and paid you a signing bonus, correct?"
"Yes," I replied, wondering where this was going.
"Well, while he is with several different enterprises, he doesn't need software developers or IT staff right now. He does have openings for models and actors. With all the photos and videos you have taken and sent to him, he felt that the two of you could work something out. You need a job that pays well and is flexible."
Alvin sat down on one of the makeup chairs, crossing his legs, but despite his best effort, he still looked like a chipmunk.
"He needs someone who is attractive and that the camera loves. You, my dear, are both. He wanted me to convey that after this conversation, no more games will be played between the two of you. If you turn down the offer, while disappointed, he will respect your decision, ending any communication between you. Essentially, he will block your number."
"The other option is you do session work for him. You will be well paid in cash at the end of each session. Obviously, you can refuse the work and end the relationship anytime you wish."
"What kind of session work?" I ask a part of me already guessing it involved sex in some form.
Alvin raised an eyebrow before rubbing his eyes.
"He said you could be a little naive. The session work could be anything from modeling clothing, lingerie, webcams where people pay you to perform sex acts, pornos, entertaining clients, etc. It could be anything."
"What about my job?" I ask, realizing I wasn't as freaked out as I should be about the list Alvin rattled off.
"You go to work like normal until your maternity leave starts. Afterward, we play it by ear. Maybe he will have a cover position, which you can call a day job by then. Either way, you won't be returning to where you work now," Alvin checked his phone.
"I need to talk to Ken about this," I said, not really looking forward to that conversation. How does a wife tell her husband she is leaving her good-paying job and taking a job in the adult film industry?
"About that, you are under no circumstance to tell your husband anything about this. As far as he is to know, you took a freelance gig to help pay the bills. Pop will have an accountant set up the paperwork to look real."
I must admit that part of the thrill was keeping this from Ken.
"What about Kimberly at work?" I asked, hoping that Pop had worked something out.
"Do whatever she wants you to do. Pop has a plan in place for dealing with her," Alvin said as he uncrossed his legs and stretched.
"I don't suppose anyone wants to share with me the details?" I threw it out there, already knowing the answer.
"No, not really," Alvin said, standing, "So, what's it going to be?"
I sighed. I hated being forced to make snap decisions, but I guess I had already made this one a while ago. I just hadn't admitted it to myself.
"I will take the job," I smiled.
"He said you would, but I wasn't sure," Alvin said as he turned, "Well, let's go. Time is money, and you have wasted a lot of both this morning."
I shared a smirk with Vanessa as I followed Alvin out of the dressing room.
************************************************************************************************************
Ken sat across from Pop and watched the video made earlier today of his wife agreeing to work as a porn star with mixed feelings.
Part of him felt betrayed, and part of him felt turned on. He just wasn't sure which was more dominant, although his hard cock led him to believe it was the latter.
"Respectable wife to porn star in less than six weeks. That has to be a new record," Carl stated, smacking Ken on the back.
"That's about how long it took June," Pop smiled.
"Yeah, I guess you're right," Carl chuckled as Pop pulled Carl's first-year earnings above Ken's account.
"I think your slut is on track to beat my numbers," Carl pointed out that Lisa's income was slightly higher at the same point in her career than June's.
Pop pulled up a second account titled Holdout Pool. It had $5k as a starting deposit.
"This account is my twist," Pop said, looking proud. "I put a percentage of Lisa's earnings in every time she works. The account will grow until one of you admits you know about her session work. Since you already know about it, she gets 20% of the total, no matter what. The 80% goes to the one that keeps the secret the longest. Telling someone who tells the other person counts as telling, by the way."
"It makes it interesting," Carl said, shaking his head.
"Did you guys have the same thing?" Ken asked.
"Yep," Carl looked uncomfortable for the first time. Ken decided to let it go for now.
"So, what's next?" Ken asked, glancing at the still frame of his wife walking out of the dressing area in the sun dress. The lighting in front of her silhouetted her legs through the material.
"Check your member area a few hours after post-production is finished," Pop said cryptically.