Greetings all; in my stories my characters exist in my head, but there might be real life inspirations for some of them. Who knows?
Note: all improper English is intentional.
~~
"You sure are a fine looking woman," I said to a fine looking woman I was about to walk past in the parking lot while I was on my way into a local grocery store the other night.
"Thank you," she responded and kept walking in the opposite direction.
"Hold up, wait a minute," I said.
"Yes," she responded impatiently after stopping and looking up at my face for a second or two, then looking me up and down.
"You like what you see don't you," I suggested.
"You ain't all that," she responded unconvincingly and smacked her lips before continuing on her way.
"Mmm, mmm, mmm, you sure are fine," I said after I saw the shape of her ass and her panty line underneath the stretchy tight fitting dress she wore.
"Is all that necessary? she asked after stopping and looking back at me.
"Is what necessary?" I asked.
"All that mmm, mmm, mmm, and the way you're looking at me," she complained, then she started on her way again, but with a little more wiggle to her hips as she walked.
"And how am I looking at you?" I asked as I trailed a couple of steps behind her.
"Like you're undressing me with your eyes," she said.
"How do you know that... do you have eyes in the back of your head?"
"I can feel you looking at me," she replied.
"Well I wasn't undressing you... I was visualizing you in a pair of semi-transparent embroidered lace panties.
She turned her head just enough to give me a quick look outta the corners of her eyes and said, "Excuse me."
"I like looking at a woman's pussy hair thru her panties."
"You done lost your mind," she said sounding as though she really did think that I was touched.
After hearing the tone of her voice I took the fact she didn't immediately run me off as a good sign. "Do you have on some see-thru panties right now?" I asked after we'd taken a few more steps.
"I'm not telling you that," she stated.
"You just did, because you didn't say no," I remarked.
She kept walking and looking straight ahead.
"I wish I could see them," I said.
"Well you can't, they're for my husband's eyes only," she declared.
"Are both your bra and your panties see-thru?" I asked, intentionally disregarding her having a husband.
"Why does it matter, you're not gonna see them," she reiterated.
"I just want to know," I said.
"Alright... only the panties are see-thru... are you satisfied?" she asked while briefly glancing at me out of the corners of her eyes again.
"Mmm hmm," I said then I pictured how I thought she looked in them before saying, "As light skinned as you are I bet your hairs can be seen good thru them."
"Stop it," she said emphatically after stopping and turning to look at me.
"Okay, aw aight I'll stop," I said while holding my hands up as though I was surrendering. "Thanks for telling me that you're wearing a pair of them though... and for not cussing me out," I added while grinning.
"Haha, I almost did cuss you out," she remarked.
"Haha, why didn't you?" I asked.
"I don't know," she responded.
"Cause you liked what you saw when you first looked at me," I said and grinned.
She half smiled and shook her head before saying, "You're full of yourself."
"Can I see them?" I asked again.
She stared at me for a moment while obviously thinking before she finally spoke. "Okay, you can see them... if you'll sniff their gusset," she offered, then she raised both of her eyebrows.
"What?" I asked with an amused frown on my face.
"Why are you looking like that," she asked with a hint of a smile on her lips.
"Are you serious... you want me to sniff the seat of your draws?" I asked her while frowning.
"Nope... the gusset of my panties," she responded with the hint of a smile becoming a full on grin.
"Ain't they the same thing?" I asked while wrinkling my forehead.
"Not at all... the seat covers my ass. The gusset covers my kitty," she explained with her smile being replaced by a sparkle in her eyes.
"Hm," I said and smirked, knowing she'd gotten the best of me.
"You can't get something for nothing. If you want to see them that's what it'll cost you," she replied and smiled big.
"Yeah right," I said with my tone of voice and my body language saying that was too steep a price to pay.
"Suit yourself," she said with a satisfied air as she waved her foot underneath the rear of the SUV we were standing behind which turned out to be her's.
"I'm just not into that," I said as I stood there and watched as the hatch door opened and she placed her shopping bag inside. She didn't say anything else, she just closed the hatch and headed towards the driver's side door.
All the while I kept looking at the panty-line of her see-thru panties and imagining seeing her pussy hair matted down underneath them. After viewing the image with my mind's eye for a couple of seconds my nuts swole-up and my dick got hard and overrode my brain.
"Aight, I'll do it,"I said as she was reaching for the door handle.
She looked at me in my eyes for a moment before biting a tiny bit of her lower lip while looking to her left, right, and behind her. I looked around the parking lot too because she did. While I was still looking she grabbed the waistband of my sweats and said c'mon. Then she led me to the passenger side of her SUV and sat on the front passenger seat, leaned back against the center console and put her feet on the seat with her legs spread.
My mouth literally dropped open at the fact that she'd done that right there in the parking lot. I looked her in the face and I think she looked turned on, but of course I didn't know her well enough to be able to say for sure.
"You wanted to see them... there they are," she said.
I looked between her legs and sure enough she had on see-thru panties, and her pussy was even hairier than I'd imagined it was. While I was looking through her panties she reached between her legs and turned their gusset inside out. Up til that moment I wasn't sure if I'd be able to bring myself to sniff it, but when I saw her sexy thick pussy lips I decided to sniff her down there just to get close to them.
I prepared myself to smell some funk, then I bent over and put my head between her legs. Up til that moment it hadn't occurred to me that before she came to the store she might have washed up and changed out of the panties she'd worn all day, and apparently she had because when I inhaled all I smelled was the fresh scent of her laundry detergent and the heavenly musky aroma of an aroused clean pussy.
After I realized that she was turned on I lapped the length of her slit with my tongue. "Stop that," she said urgently and pushed my head away as she quickly sat up.
"Do you sniff with your tongue?" she asked.
"My bad... it's just that you have such a pretty pussy I couldn't resist," I complimented her with my hands held up again as though I was surrendering,
"Yeah right," she said as she got herself sorted. "I gotta get home," she added, then she closed the passenger door and headed back to the driver's side of her SUV.
"It was nice meeting you," I said.
"You too," she responded with a crooked smile, then she left, and I headed into the store.