I landed a job at the University of Texas central library. No, not as a librarian - it was my job to close the library at night. You see, the library stayed open until midnight every night and in the final hour, I would walk around each floor and make the announcement that the library was closing in 60, 30 and 10 minutes. Sort of a security guard, sort of a night clerk, the university nevertheless felt it was necessary to have someone sweep the library because students were not just using the library to study. No, late at night, I was told that there was a lot of sex going on around the bookshelves.
My job essentially was the librarian cock-blocker!
My first night on the job, I walked around quietly, starting at the top floor, the 4th floor. I walked around and made a mental note of how many students were sitting at cubicles which were grouped together in two's at the end of each bookshelf. I walked past the study rooms and glanced in to make sure the study groups were studying books, not each other!
I shushed a couple students to turn down their phones. I asked one student not to eat in the library. Another girl thought it was OK to kick off her shoes and clip her toenails!
Third floor. I walked down a darkened hall and heard a slurping sound. I slowly peeked down rows of shelves and came across this guy standing with his eyes closed. He had on a burnt orange t-shirt, cargo pants, and burnt orange flip flops. But in front of him, a girl - also dressed in Texas' school colors of burnt orange - was kneeling, her head bobbing back and forth. The slurping was the sound of her enjoying his dick.
I felt embarrassed, a voyeur. I thought I'd be either like a cop ("Break it up, you two!") or a librarian ("shhhhh! Do that quietly!") but I crouched down to watch this cute couple. The girl was a beautiful blonde (seems all girls in Texas are blondes), and the guy was obviously a frat. He had his eyes closed, his head thrown back enjoying her hands as she held the shaft of erection while she slobbered on his dickhead. As I watched, I got hard myself, and I squeezed my bulge through my pants.
Suddenly, the guy opened his eyes and saw me. "Oh shit!" he said, and he tried to pull out of his girlfriend's mouth, but she thought he was playing, so she held him firmer and sucked harder until he backed off and his dickhead plopped out of her mouth.
"Whyyyyy?" she whisper-moaned. He tilted his head my way, and the guilty couple looked at me and then quickly hiked up their clothes and ran away.
I made the rest of my rounds with no more carnal sights. Disappointed, I went back to the Circulation desk on the main floor. By this time, the library was closing, and the remaining students were filing out. I recognized the guilty couple walk past me - the girl looked down with a smile, while the guy blushed.
I don't know why, but I said, "Dude!" Then we fistbumped. The guy broke out into a broad smile as they continued out of the library.
The next night, just past 11pm, I began my rounds. This time, on the 4th floor, I saw the same young man sitting at a cubicle. His eyes were closed again - I recognized his expression, so I walked over to find the young man sitting with his cargo shorts pulled down while his girlfriend was hidden on the floor of the cubicle, busy sucking him off.
She pulled his penis out of her mouth and smiled at me. Then she made put a finger up to her lips and told me to "shhhh"! Her boyfriend opened one eye at me and smiled. He closed his eyes again and let her continue.
Fascinated by the view, I watched as she hungrily sucked and licked his impressive erection. She licked around the head and then up and down the shaft. She expertly squeezed his large balls and jerked his thick shaft with her small hands. Occasionally, she'd stop sucking and take his glistening dick to tap her cheeks or her nose. At one point, she rubbed it against her neck.
I glanced around to make sure there wasn't anyone else watching. There were a couple other students in the other cubicles, but I could see they had earbuds and where busy studying. Suddenly, I noticed on the other side of the cubicle was another young man standing there, watching, eyes wide open, half-shocked, half-stunned. I waited for him to leave - that would be a bad sign if he went looking for a librarian. But instead, this kid unzipped his jeans and freed his own erection. He flexed it so it waved its approval.
My happy couple continued. I walked behind the young man's chair for an over-the-shoulder view of her feasting on his phallus. His girlfriend looked to see the other kid sitting there with his curved dick out. Pleased to see she had an audience, she licked and sucked her boyfriend, and then tongued the opening of his red dick head. Suddenly, her young man gasped and put his head back, bumping into my stomach. I don't know why, but I decided to give him a shoulder massage. He moaned quietly, enjoying the pampering of my shoulder rub while his girlfriend was hungrily blowing him.
Of course, while I was kneading his shoulders, I could feel his entire torso shake, tighten and shudder from her impressive blowjob. He had his hands gripping the arms of his chair, and he pushed his pelvis toward her mouth. Sometimes, I could feel her pull the base of his big dick until he was sliding forward in his chair. I enjoyed his blowjob by proxy.
This guy was getting treated like a king, but it wasn't enough. He finally grabbed her blonde hair with one hand. Then, he kicked off his flipflops and put one leg up on the desk of the cubicle. This made his asshole accessible to her hungry mouth. She kissed his balls, and begin nuzzling his taint. She worked one finger into his ass and then brought her lips to bear while keeping a tight grip on his big veiny member.
I have to admit, I was hard as a rock, especially with the young man leaning back in his chair and now pushing his head back against my groin. He could feel my enjoyment of *his* pleasure as I continued to massage his shoulders. I envied the lucky bastard, spread like this in a library cubicle while his girlfriend rimmed him, her little hand making his big dick look like a slick wet baton. Meanwhile, the other guy just stood there, watching, his dick twitching handsfree in the air.
Suddenly, the frat boy whispered, "I'm gonna cum!" He reached back behind his head to grab my hands. He shuddered and bucked in his chair. She desperately tried to hold his dick with both hands to keep the head in her mouth. He moaned, he squeezed my hands tightly, then he exhaled loudly.
His girlfriend began gulping, swallowing as much as she could, but then she gagged a bit and I could see rivulets of cum drip from her lips. Her boyfriend sagged in his chair, but she got up and walked past me to the other guy whose eyes were huge as he watched her now kneel in front of him. She grabbed his curved boner, spat on his pulsing dickhead and swallowed half his shaft. "Shit, oh shit." He whispered as he came immediately. She stayed clamped onto him as he throbbed into her mouth. When he was drained, she stood up and smiled at me.
Two guys were now sprawled in their cubicle chairs, spent and relaxed. I was still hard as a rock as she walked up and looked at me with her big green eyes and a knowing expression on her face. To my shock, she pulled my head toward her and we kissed. I tasted the cum in her mouth which excited me - the physical proof of two men's pleasure with just a hint of her cherry lipstick. I swear, I felt my own dick twitch with urgency as I kissed her. I was this close to cumming in my pants but then, she got on her knees and unzipped me, freeing my own urgent erection.
Her boyfriend smiled and watched. The other kid leaned closer to watch. She then gulped down my throbbing dick, her mouth hot and wet from my kiss and the other guys' cum. I came in seconds, standing there shaking while she drained every drop. She smiled, catlike and went back to her boyfriend and kissed him on the lips.
The other guy and I, we stuffed our soft dicks back in our pants while the couple made out for a few more minutes in the cubicle. She held onto her boyfriend's soft but sizable dick, weighing it with her hand as if she was wondering whether to make him hard again. I stood around for a while, hoping they'd fuck, but after some lip-smacking action, the two of them smirked and left.
Maybe tomorrow night, I thought. Maybe tomorrow she'll fuck us all.