As I start to come out of my daze after an encounter with my neighbors, I look straight into the brown eyes of my landscaper. He has the most stunned face, mouth open and his hand on his rock hard cock. I roll to cover but I know he saw a lot more than he planned on.
He moves slowly out of the shadows. Rubbing his hard cock to try and ease some of his discomfort. This does nothing to make his cock go down. So he stops and starts to speak. He tells me that what he watched me do was the most amazing thing ever.
Now I've always found the young landscaper sexy as hell with his broad shoulders, thick legs and tight ass. I find I'm horny again and need to be taken care of. So I lay back down.
He takes the hint to come over to me. As he reaches out to run his fingertips over my cheek, I find the gesture overwhelming and catch his wrist. I hold on so I don't run.
He's here to survey my yard and give an estimate on the work I want done. I had completely forgotten he was here when I was fucking the neighbors. Realizing he may have the crew with him, I find his tenderness a turn on after the intensity of the encounter 20 minutes ago.
He leans down to concur my mouth. That's the only way to describe what he's doing. Hard to gentle lips are now moving down to the spot on my neck that gets me every time. It's like he's making love to me rather than wanting to fuck.
Deciding this was to intense I start to pull away. He takes the hint standing back up but reaching a hand out to help me up. As I'm rising to my feet I feel his hand goes to the small of my back to keep me from falling. Good thing he does this because my legs are jelly.
He walks us to the pool edge. Strips off his shirt and then moves for his jeans. I stop him and take over removing his clothes. Staring right into his deep chocolate eyes I unbuckle his belt and move to the button and zipper. I drop to my knees while pulling his jeans down. He's gone commando which is so fucking hot.
While I'm on my knees still looking in his eyes, I wrap my hand around his hard cock. He's so thick I can barely get my hand around him. He moans from his toes, sliding his fingers into my hair. He's still looking down as I lick my tongue over the tip of his gorgeous cock.
At this point I feel my own excitement running down my legs. I'm so wet that one touch and I'd cum hard. I proceed to run my tongue up and down his gorgeous cock. He tells me he's going to cum so I wrap my mouth around him and suck hard until every last drop fills my mouth.
He looks dazed when his eyes meet mine again. I grin up at him like yeah that just happened. He reaches down and picks me up so I wrap my legs around his waist and walks into the warm water. We melt into each other and he moves his hand down my back over my firm ass and smacks me hard. I jump which causes him to laugh.
I want more so I rub my wet pussy over his now hardening cock. Gotta love recovery time for young men.
He holds me just above the tip then smacks my ass again right when he slams into my aching pussy. I call out his name. I must have been loud because the next thing I know there's a landscaping crew running into the back yard. They all stood there as their young boss starts pounding the fuck out of my pussy.
I'm cumming hard when I see one of the crew rub his cock from out side his jeans. Another has pulled out his cock and started to jerk off. This turns me on more, if that's even possible.
The one who's pounding me looks up to see his crew and stops. I protest but he smacks my ass again and I moan. He calls the biggest of the crew over and tells him to sit on the edge of the pool behind me. He can now see every thing.
The big guy has his clothes off in no time and god is he hot as fuck. Ripped and hard like a bodybuilder. The boss tells him to hold me up almost out of the water. So he lifts me up and dangles me in front like I weigh nothing.
The boss stands in front of me grabbing behind my knees and hooks them over the big guys legs spreading me open for everyone to see my dripping pussy. I lean back into the big guy as the boss starts to eat my pussy. I cry out as soon as his lips wrap around my sensitive clit.
I cum so hard I'm shaking uncontrollably. The big guy then lifts me higher so my pussy is right above his large cock. As he starts to slide me down the head landscaper starts caressing my breasts and pulling on my nipples.
I'm calling out so loud. The big guy proceeds to fuck me slowly while the boss moves to play with my clit. I'm not going to be able to move for days. Finally the big guy cums and holds me still.
The young boss lifts me into his arms and I wrap around him. He moves into me with no effort and slowly starts pounding me. I can't take it anymore more and explode one last time. Still pounding me he brings me to the couch and finishes.
I'm now going to sleep for days.