Emily stood in front of the mirror, putting the last touches to her makeup. She had been up for an hour now, intent on making a good impression on her first day of University. She wore a light, white cardigan over a black tank top and skinny jeans. The top showed plenty of cleavage, but the cardigan gave the ensemble a veneer of respectability.
Satisfied with how she looked, she checked her watch. It was 8.15 am. Time to get some breakfast and then the short walk into campus. She left her room and, with a smile on her face, she opened the door to the living room of her apartment, to be greeted by three girls sitting around the table chatting over coffee.
She recognised Constance from last night. Tall, skinny and pretty with her black hair in a ponytail, wearing a faded black band t-shirt and pyjama pants.
The girl on Constance's left was also wearing pyjamas. Shorter and curvier than Constance, with blond straight hair, a round face that seemed to bear a look of annoyance.
The other girl had her back to Emily, but turned around to look when the door opened. Emily was struck by how gorgeous she was. Taller than Emily, but shorter than Constance, she was stunningly pretty, perfectly toned with big round tits and a tight ass, her skin was smoothly tanned and unblemished. Her straight Brunette hair was pulled back in a ponytail. She was wearing a tight t-shirt and yoga pants.
Constance smiled widely "Emily, good morning. This is my girlfriend Hermione," she said, indicating the blonde girl on her left, "And this is Sienna," indicating the brunette.
Sienna leapt out of her chair and threw her arms around Emily, pulling her into a hug. "So nice to meet you Emily."
Emily hugged her back, grinning stupidly to herself as she enjoyed the attention of such a stunning creature. Sienna broke the embrace and stood back to give Emily space.
"Aaron told me about last night, I'm so sorry, he's such an idiot."
Emily grinned "It's OK, it was an easy mistake to make. He seems like a nice guy, he's your boyfriend?"
"More like a friend." Sienna responded with a twinkle in her eyes "He's an arsehole really, but he was useful last night," Sienna said with a wink.
Emily's stomach felt like it did a somersault. Aaron was single? Would Sienna mind if Emily dated him?
Emily turned and held out her hand to Hermione. She looked at it for a moment, before offering a weak handshake.
"Your parents must have been Harry Potter fans I guess?" Emily asked innocently.
Hermione rolled her eyes "God, if I have to hear about that fucking wizard every time I meet someone new I think I'm going to shoot up the uni by the end of Freshers week."
"Babe, be nice," Constance said soothingly, patting Hermione's arm.
Hermione sighed, stood up and took Constance by the hand. "Let's go back to bed."
Constance grinned widely as she was led away, telling Emily, "So nice to meet you again!" as the door closed behind them, leaving Emily and Sienna alone.
Sienna handed Emily a fresh cup of coffee and grinned, "I met Constance and Hermione yesterday. Constance is cool, but I'm not sure about her taste in women.
"So, is your orientation day today?"
"Yes."
"Mine was yesterday. It's all a big waste of time if you ask me, they take all day in that lecture hall to run through stuff they could knock out in an hour. Still, we all have to go. Do you know anyone else starting today, or flying solo?"
"Uh, no, just going to head in by myself. I don't know anyone else at this university, I'm from Cornwall, so it's a bit of a distance. That's kind of the reason I came up here actually."
Sienna smiled and nodded "New phase, new start? Very cool. I want to throw a bit of a party tonight, if that's cool with you?"
"That would be great," Emily responded brightly, excited by the prospect of a social event in her home.
"Great! If you make any new friends today, tell them to come along. See you later roomie." Sienna hugged Emily again and left the room.
Emily ate a quick breakfast and left for her first day of university.
Later that evening, Emily sat on the couch in the apartment, with a glass of wine, chatting to her new friend Alexa.
Alexa was pretty, with a short, petite figure, straight red hair past her shoulders and glass. She was the most dressed up person in the apartment, wearing a black strapless top, miniskirt and heels. All the other girls wore jeans and tops. Emily had met her at orientation and she felt like they had hit it off. Alexa was from near enough Emily, and like Emily had come to Manchester for uni knowing no one.
"What time did Ryan say he'd get here?" Alexa asked.
"Around eight they said, so another half hour or so?" The two girls had been put in a group with Jake and Ryan, who were already friends, for orientation, and Emily had invited them along too. Alexa had been smitten with Ryan the moment she met him this morning, and had spent the day laughing at every other thing he'd said, going out of her way to touch his arm, just stopping short of physically launching herself at him. In fairness, Ryan seemed to enjoy the attention.
Jake, on the other hand, had set Emily's stomach a flutter. He was handsome, smart, funny, he liked the same bands Emily did - Emily was really impressed listening to his tales of a week spent camping at a music festival over the summer. She was trying to be cooler about it than Alexa was and she just hoped she was succeeding in that.
"Do you think Ryan will like my outfit?"
"Definitely, he was all over you today." Emily reassured her.
"I just hope he asks me out. Doesn't have to be tonight I suppose, but I'd be so happy if I could have him as my college boyfriend."
Emily took a sip from her wine and stared pensively, prompting Alexa to ask.
"What about you and Jake? If you date him, we could be couple-friends, go on dates together, wouldn't that be fun?"
Emily shrugged "Jake seems nice, but, I don't know. I don't think I want a boyfriend just yet? I want to have some fun for a while, you know. Keep my options open."
Alexa smirked at her. "Oh god, that sounds so cool, I don't know if I could do that though. It's just, before I came to college, I dreamed of meeting a guy like Ryan, you know? And we'd date throughout college, get married, have kids. Am I being ridiculous?"
"You do you babe," came Sienna's voice as she sat down next to Alexa, "If that makes you happy, go for it... Just, don't be disappointed if it doesn't work out like you planned. Men are bastards, trust me."
"Ryan isn't" replied Alexa smiling "He's lovely, wait til you meet him!"
Emily took the opportunity to leave Alexa with Sienna, and went to refill her glass. Constance was doing the same and Emily stopped to chat.
"Hey, how was your day."
"Good." Replied Constance, who was beaming, "Our orientation was yesterday, so Hermionie and I took advantage of the day off and spent it in bed." She admitted.
"Ohhhh, you guys are the cutest couple. How long have you been together?"
"About a year. Well, kind of." Constance looked around and leaned in, and admitted "I'm from a small village in Yorkshire. There weren't any other girls my age who, you know, liked girls. I was lonely, and I met Hermionie online. We only actually met in person the other day, for the first time, so we've been making the most of it, if you know what I mean," she said with a giggle.
"It sounds like you were meant to be." Emily said warmly. "You found the love of your life?"
"Yeah, I suppose. Yeah." Constance replied hesitantly.
"Everything OK?"
Constance sighed. "It's just, I'm really happy. Really happy, but I don't know, online the relationship was perfect, but meeting her in real life, she's..... Kind of negative? All the time? I guess it's just something I have to get used to?"
Constance looked upset. Emily pulled her into a hug, "hey, it's OK, relationships are hard work. Yours just had a big sudden shift, it will settle."
"Thank you," Constance held Emily tight, then sniffed her hair, "You smell nice.... I'm sorry, I don't know why I said that. I, um, better see if Hermionie is ready." She broke the hug and wandered out of the living room, giving a glance and a smile back towards Emily, before closing the door.
Aaron sauntered over to Emily the second Constance left her side. "Hey there."
Emily smiled at him, "Hey Aaron."
"I think I left something in your room last night, can you let me in for a look?"
"Sure," Emily said brightly, thinking she had a fairly good idea of what he was looking for. She led him out, across the hall, into her room. The second the door closed behind them, he was on her, arms around her waist, kissing her neck. Emily closed his eyes and enjoyed his touch.
"I've been thinking about you ever since." Aaron whispered as his hands moved up her body to grab her tits, "I can't get these out of my mind."
Emily turned around and threw her arms around his neck and kissed him hard, pressing her body against his, feeling his hard cock press against her stomach.
Aaron turned her back around and forced her to bend over, supporting herself with her hands on the bed. He undid her jeans and yanked them and her thong down. Aaron undid his jeans and the next thing she knew, Emily felt something teasing her opening from behind. It was his cock! She was about to lose her virginity!
"Are you ready for my dick Emily?"
"YES!" Emily breathed.
"How bad do you want it?"
"So fuckin' bad!"
"You need to ask better than that, whore!"
Emily loved being talked down to like that, and felt soaking wet. "Please, give it to me! I need it! Please, fuck me!"
"Fuck you where?"
"Fuck me in my pussy!" Emily squealed.
"That's more like it," Aaron responded smugly, and started to ease the tip gently inside....
The doorbell rang.
"Fuck!" cried Emily. Aaron stopped. "I have to get that."
"They can wait five minutes." Aaron protested.
Emily turned around, pulled up her underwear and jeans, and smiling at him responded, "Sorry, I invited them. To be continued."
She took another glance at his wonderful cock, then left the room to allow Jake and Ryan into the party.
Emily retrieved her drink and introduced the guys to everyone, then stood chatting next to Jake, both trying their best to ignore Alexa flirting with Ryan next to them.
"Nice apartment." Said Jake, looking around.
"Thanks. I'd give you the tour, but it's just this and my bedroom really."
"I'd like that tour." Jake said grinning.
Emily smiled and led him out into her room. Jake looked around it, "So this is where you bring all the guys to?" he joked.
"You know how it is," Emily responded, "You're only the second guy I've brought here today, it's been slow."
Jake laughed and sat on the bed. Emily sat next to him. They smiled at each other, then Jake leaned in, put his hand on her cheek and kissed her. She kissed him back slowly.
It felt like they were kissing for a long time. They broke it off finally and Emily felt lightheaded. Jake smiled at her. "I wanted to do that all day."
Emily smiled back at him and shrugged awkwardly. "Me too. It was nice."
"I really like you Emily."
"I like you too. It's just, I don't want to put a label on it, or..."
"Relax, we don't need to worry about that, yet. We're just, you know, having fun."
They kissed again. The door opened suddenly, Sienna was standing there, grinning, "Hey Jake, is it? I'm sorry to interrupt, but we're playing a game of never have I ever, and I am very keen to get to know my new flatmate."
"Never have I ever started university!" Constance declared with pride and happiness first. Everyone present drank to that.
"Never have I ever kissed a girl!" Said Hermionie next. Her, Constance, Sienna and all the guys present drank.
It went on with a few tame, not very notable ones after that, until Aaron proclaimed "Never have I ever had sex!" Everyone drank except for Emily and Alexa.
They were starting to get raunchy now, and Emily found that she wasn't drinking very much all of a sudden.
"Never have I ever performed Oral sex." Emily and Alexa were the only two not drinking to that.
"Never have I ever streaked!" Everyone except Emily and Hermionie drank.
"Never have I ever gone skinny dipping." Aaron, Sienna, Jake and Ryan all drank.
"Never have I ever flashed my tits at a driver." Sienna and Constance drank.
Emily was starting to get upset, thinking everyone was thinking less of her as a total prude, when Alexa suddenly proclaimed "Never have I ever posted nudes publically online!"
Emily drank a big gulp to that one, along with Sienna and Aaron. Everyone stared at her in disbelief.
"What?" She asked defensively.
Sienna responded "Emily, you've never had sex, never done a bunch of things, but you post nudes online?"
Emily shrugged, "I had a sheltered upbringing. The internet was my outlet."
"Fair enough."
After a few more proclamations a group of Sienna's friends headed out, and there were only eight people left. Aaron spoke up, "Who's up for a new game?"
Everyone agreed and followed Aaron's instructions to sit on the couch and on chairs in a circle. Then, he placed a beer bottle in the centre of the floor. "OK, the game is spin the bottle... with a twist. You kiss the person the bottle lands on, if you refuse to kiss that person then you are out. If you spin it and it lands on the same person three times, you have to get that person off in front of everybody. Does that sound OK?"
Nobody spoke. Emily looked around the group and saw a general sense of excitement on faces that matched how she felt.
"OK, I will take silence as assent. We go clockwise, starting from..." Aaron spun the bottle and it pointed at Ryan. "Ryan it is."
Ryan spun the bottle and it pointed at Sienna. He moved to kiss her gently, briefly, then returned to his seat, grinning. Emily noticed an upset look crossed Alexa's face suddenly, before disappearing again.
Jake was next. His bottle pointed at Emily. Emily smiled and gladly accepted the kiss from him, feeling light headed as she settled back to her seat.
Sienna spun and got Hermionie. Hermionie looked delighted to kiss the gorgeous Sienna, while Constance egged her girlfriend on.
Emily was next. She willed it to hit Jake before she spun, and it looked for a moment like she'd managed to influence it, but the bottle's momentum just carried it past Jake to Ryan. Emily shrugged and walked over to kiss Ryan on the lips.
Alexa was next and with a look of concentration, spun it. Emily guessed Alexa had more willpower than her, because it landed again on Ryan. Emily looked thrilled as she threw her arms around Ryan's neck and kissed him hard on the lips.
It was Aaron's turn now. For him it landed on Alexa. He leaned over and kissed her.
Constance drew Jake, and a look of Annoyance from her girlfriend as she leaned around Hermione to kiss him.
"First time kissing a boy?" Sienna asked her.
"No. Hopefully the last though!" Constance cracked back, grinning.
Hermione's bottle pointed to Aaron. Hermionie looked genuinely repulsed, "I'm not doing it, I can't, sorry," which meant she had to leave the game.
Ryan drew Alexa, then Jake drew Aaron, to which the two guys shared a fairly tame, quick kiss. Then Sienna got Ryan and it was Emily's turn again.
Emily closed her eyes and did her best to manifest Jake again, but she drew Aaron. She wasn't too disappointed, looking at his cheeky grin, and moved around Alexa to kiss him, a little longer than the average for the game.
Alexa rolled Ryan again, then Aaron rolled Constance, and turned to kiss her on the lips. Emily noticed Hermionie's annoyance seemed to build.
Next, Constance rolled Emily. Emily realised she was about to have her first kiss with a girl just as Constance, smiling widely, locked lips with her.
They kissed for a few seconds, Emily feeling lightheaded at the feel of her soft, gentle lips. They broke apart, smiling at each other, before Hermionie ran from the room. Constance muttered "Shit" under her breath, before running after her crying "Babe, it's just a game!".
Ryan and Jake both drew Emily too, which caused Sienna to exclaim "You've gotten the last three in a row Emily, are you controlling the bottle now?" Everyone laughed.
Sienna got Alexa, Emily got Aaron again. Emily kissed him, Aaron whispering "Next time is going to be fun," with a wink as they broke off.
Alexa got Aaron and Aaron got Alexa, Ryan drew Emily again, Jake drew Aaron a second time, breaking off a brief chaste kiss with the question to the group "If I draw him again do I have to wank him off?"
"Yes!!!" came replies from Sienna and Emily, both giggling giddily.
Sienna drew Jake, then Emily finally managed to get her bottle to point at Jake, and enthusiastically lunged around Sienna to kiss him, cupping his cheek as they locked lips.
Alexa drew Aaron for a second time, then Aaron drew Ryan, which the two guys played up with a theatrical full on make out for about 15 seconds.
Ryan gripped the bottle. Emily felt tense as she realised Ryan had pointed at her twice, a third time would mean he would have to bring her to orgasm in front of everyone. The bottle spun, and time seemed to slow as it almost came to a rest pointing at Emily, before continuing on its arc to Sienna.
Jake came next. He had drawn both Emily and Aaron twice, and as hot as it would be to see the two guys she fancied in basically a gay porno, she crossed her fingers it would hit her. Instead, it landed on Ryan and the two guys briefly pecked.
Sienna landed on Alexa, the two girls kissed for the second time, then it was Emily's round and it barely made one full revolution before pointing straight at Aaron.
Aaron looked delighted with himself. Sienna clapped, Alexa waited in anticipation as Emily moved to kneel in front of Aaron and turned to Sienna "So, I have to get him off?"
"Those are the rules. Look, Emily, don't do anything you don't want to do, no one will judge you if you leave the game."
Emily dithered for a second, before making up her mind and smiling. She unbuckled Aaron's belt and unzipped his jeans. He lifted his ass up from the couch, allowing Emily to pull his trousers down, freeing his beautiful hard cock for everyone to see. Emily wrapped the fingers of her right hand around it. She hovered her head over the tip and produced a large gob of saliva, and allowed it to drop onto the tip of his penis. Using that as a lubricant, she started to slide her hand quickly up and down his rigid shaft.
She locked eyes with Aaron as she jerked, and forgot they were surrounded by people. It was just the two of them floating in a void, as far as Emily was concerned. She spoke to him, "How does that feel?"
"Amazing."
"What are you thinking about?"
"You!"
"Are you thinking about how I looked when I was naked last night?"
"Yes!"
"You should have fucked me. I'd have spread my legs for you if you asked, you could have climbed on top of me and slipped your cock into my soaking wet pussy. I'd have given you my virginity. I was so fucking horny. You could have filled me up and left me like the dirty whore I am, went back to Sienna."
"Oh god!"
"Do you wish you did that Aaron? Do you wish you used my dirty little cunt for your pleasure?"
"Yes!" Aaron squealed, closing his eyes.
"You missed your chance. You're just going to have to jerk off fantasising over me, aren't you?"
"Oh fuck!" Aaron cried as he came, white hot cum erupting from the tip of his cock. The first couple of spurts hit Aaron's shirt before Emily managed to catch the rest in her free hand.
"Cum for me you filthy little fuckboy, that's it."
Aaron stopped cumming eventually and Emily, looking at the pool in her hand, smiled to herself at a job well done and another item scratched off her list.
Sienna broke the silence, and Emily's trance, "Jesus fucking christ Emily, I thought you were a virgin? Were the fuck did you learn to do that?" She asked, sounding genuinely impressed.
Emily looked around the room. Ryan and Alexa were looking at her in awe, while Jake looked kind of upset. Emily blushed and shrugged, "I like porn, I guess," she admitted, as an alternative to revealing that she had done similar with her Dildo and a webcam on many occasions. It was good to know it worked in real life though.
"Round of applause for Emily, well done girl! Thanks for the show!" Sienna declared as everyone clapped, including Aaron and Jake. Emily excused herself and went to the bathroom to wash her hands.
When she came back Aaron had left. "He said he had an early start." Sienna explained.
"Oh, OK," Emily replied, visibly disappointed.
That left just five in the group. Alexa spun next and it landed on Ryan for the third time.
Sienna again assured her "Alexa, you don't need to do anything you aren't comfortable doing."
Alexa, however, looked positively delighted. So did Ryan. Alexa practically bounded over, kneeling in front of Ryan, and kissed him on the lips, before freeing his cock from his jeans.
Ryans cock sprang up. Emily and Sienna both audibly gasped. It was huge, fully half again as long as Aaron's, longer and thicker than Emily's dildo even. Emily estimated it was about 9 inches long, circumcised, with big thick veins wrapping around the shaft. It was totally hair free, two massive bald balls sitting at the base.
Emily gripped the bottom in her hand, then asked innocently "Is this big or was Aaron small?"
Sienna patted her shoulder warmly. "That's a fucking monster darling. Well done Ryan. If you ever want to make a video with that, let me know..."
Ryan grinned smugly to himself, enjoying the compliments. Alexa shrugged and, gripping the base, opened her mouth wide and, to Emily's shock, locked her lips around the head.
Emily, Jake and Sienna watched in open mouthed fascination as tiny Alexa blew the largest cock any of them had ever seen in real life. She could only fit about a third in her mouth. She jerked the remaining two thirds with both hands, using saliva spilling from her mouth to lubricate it. She sucked and worked, to Ryan's moans and groans, until soon he whispered "I'm going to blow."
She held her lips wrapped around the tip as Ryan filled her mouth with cum. Emily looked on Jealousy as Alexa took the full load. Alexa stood up, keeping her mouth closed tight, and she ran to the bathroom to get rid of the load. Emily promised herself she would one up Alexa by swallowing her first load, when she got to suck a cock.
The party broke up soon after. Alexa asked Ryan to walk her home, and they left together. Sienna went to bed. That left just Emily and Jake finishing their drinks.
"What happened last night? With Aaron?" Jake asked, looking mildly upset.
"He hooked up with Sienna," Emily explained, "He came into my room from the bathroom by accident and we saw each other naked, that's all."
"You said you would have fucked him?"
Emily shrugged, "It was a game, I was just trying to get him off." The lie worked, Jake looked relieved.
They sat in silence for a while, until Jake finally broke it "I'll be off then I suppose?"
Emily stood and walked over to sit next to Jake. She placed a hand on his knee, and looked him in the eyes, "You can stay if you like?"
Jake stared back at Emily's eyes, then leaned in and kissed her hard. Emily lay back on the couch as Jake climbed on top of her, kissing her passionately.
He reached down and slipped his hand inside Emily's Jeans, pressing a finger to the front of her panties, over her crotch. "Jesus, you're so wet," He told her between kisses. "Do you want to go to your room?"
"Yeah."
Emily and Jake leapt up and raced into her bedroom. Emily pulled her top over her head, kicked off her shoes and threw herself on the bed. Jake pulled his top over his head, revealing his broad shoulders and soft belly. He reached down and gripped Emily's jeans, and pulled them down and off, along with her panties.
He climbed on top of her and kissed her passionately. Emily found his belt and unbuckled that, and undid his jeans and forced them down. She found his hard cock and started to gently stroke it as they made out.
Jake reached around Emily's chest and found the clasp of her bra. He managed to get it undone, pulled it off and threw it on the ground. He sat back on his heels and took a moment to admire her naked body.
"Fuck me, your tits are fucking masterpieces."
"Thanks," Emily responded with a proud smile.
Jake slid his jeans off, leaving him naked, and climbed back on top of Emily, kissing her again. She felt his cock touch her clit and was about to reach down and slip it inside her, when Jake moved his body down.
Jake kissed from her lips, down her chin, down her neck, down her breast until he reached her nipple. He kissed, licked and gently bit that, then moved to the other one and did the same.
Emily felt a tingling pleasure from that, and couldn't stop herself from moaning. "Oh god." She closed her eyes and held the back of his head tight to her breast as he stimulated her.
Jake broke off and continued his journey, kissing down Emily's stomach until he reached his destination. He slipped a couple of fingers easily into her soaking wet hole.
"Oh god" Emily moaned at being penetrated. She had done that to herself a thousand times, but now someone else's fingers were in there and it felt very different. Better, much better.
Jake happily watched the expressions of pleasure on Emily's face for a moment, before he lowered his face, wrapping his lips around Emily's engorged clit, and started to gently suck on it.
"OH FUCK!" Emily couldn't stop herself from crying out as Jake's lips caused an unbelievable sensation of pleasure. She was writhing in pleasure, she couldn't control her movement, she put her hands in her hair and in a breathy voice told him, "That feels so fucking good."
Her body twitched and jerked at his stimulation. She started squealing "OH GOD JAKE! YES! KEEP DOING THAT! OH FUCK, THAT'S GOOD. YES! YES! YES!" She came loudly, and suddenly, a tingling in her crotch exploded outwards in pleasure, as she tensed up and involuntarily bucked her hips.
Breathing heavily, she opened her eyes to see Jake kneeling between her legs, his cock ready for some attention.
"Do you have a condom?"
Emily shook her head. "It's fine, I'm a virgin, I'm clean, you can just fuck me."
Jake looked concerned, "Emily, I don't think that's a good idea. I'm sorry, I don't want to do that."
Emily sighed. "Ok, uh, I'll see what the girls say."
Jake collapsed next to her while Emily texted the flat group
Emily: "Anyone have a spare condom?"
Constance: "I'm a Lesbian, sorry!"
Sienna: "I don't use condoms. Feels better ;)"
Emily looked sheepishly at Jake. "No luck I'm afraid."
Jake shrugged and grinned, "I'll just have to look forward to deflowering you the next time we hang out."
"Don't worry, I'll take care of you."
Emily spat into her hand, then rolled onto her side to kiss him, while wrapping her fingers around his cock and starting to stroke up and down, the saliva causing her hand to easily slide up and down his length.
She started to repeat his actions, kissing her way down his neck, down his chest as she stroked, when he suddenly exclaimed, "Oh, oh shit."
She felt a hot fluid on her hand as Jake came. She looked down to see the white fluid pump out of the tip of his cock, over her thumb to pool on Jake's stomach.
Jake grinned sheepishly, "Sorry, I guess I was really turned on, and that felt really good."
"I'll get some tissues."
Emily stood up, and walking to the door, she peeked out. The hallway was clear.
She darted to the bathroom, washed her hands, and then unrolled a bunch of toilet paper. She opened the door, and walked back out, meeting Constance leaving the living room.
Constance was looking at her with a wide smile on her face. Emily remembered she was naked and quickly covered her tits and pussy with her hands, as best she could.
"I'm sorry, I thought no one was up."
"Don't be." Constance replied. She turned and entered her own room. Emily went through her door and handed the tissue to Jake.
Jake cleaned himself up and binned it, while Emily picked up her list and scratched out two items.
● Jerk off a penis to completion
● Kiss a woman
"What have you got there?"
"Oh, I just thought of something, making a note for tomorrow."
She shoved her list back in the drawer. She turned off the light and snuggled up to Jake.
Jake was snoring, while Emily was too wired to sleep. Her second day away from home had been an exciting one, she had jerked off two guys! She had come this close to losing her virginity. She was excited for what the next few weeks held.
Her phone went off. She sat up and unlocked it.
It was from Ryan. She opened it to find a picture of him naked, standing in front of a mirror, his rock hard monster cock standing to attention with the caption "I can't stop thinking about what you'd do to this."
Emily smiled, admiring Ryan's enormous member. She opened her gallery and found the full body nude she had taken the day before, and sent it to Ryan, with the caption "Do you think I could take it? Or would you destroy me?"
She didn't wait for a reply, she put her phone on silent and curled up to sleep.