A totally fictional story that came directly from my sick mind. All characters portrayed are well over the age of 18. Self-proofed and edited with the help of software, so some mistakes are possible. Comments on the storyline are always appreciated.
_____________________
I was getting a bit aggravated, maybe the word frustrated fits better, with our next-door neighbor Sharon. She was just plain flashing me from her yard outside her den window. I told Peg, but she decided to take the fuck with me approach and say not every woman wants your cock, get over yourself. But it was getting to me, or she was, I really did not think I wanted her, she was fucking hot, but maybe a little crazy as well.
Peg had been out shopping one day and came home to a horny husband, I took her up to the bed and made love to her. I just had to lick a pussy, her pussy, then I finished by fucking her silly, well she is naturally silly. We were laying there afterward and Peg asked me, "Frank, do tell, what made you so horny that you had to jump my bones when I got here?"
"Our neighbor, Sharon has been up to her game of flashing me when you are away, she was sunbathing not just topless today. She has taken a big step and did it butt naked in her favorite place in her yard, right under my den window. If that was not bad enough, when she saw me in the window she ran her fingers up her pussy crack. She even spread her legs open as she did it. Hence, since she is a nut job, instead of going out and jumping her bones, I waited until I could lick, and then fuck a world-class pussy like yours."
"Well I buy part of the story, but it would not surprise me if you were not thinking about hers when you were licking mine? You admitted you were checking her out. I don't care though, she is hot, and I was the beneficiary of her flash and got my pussy both licked and fucked."
She was right,, but she was fucking hot just the same. I did not want her because she scared me. This neighbor, Sharon, had been doing more than just flashing me the whole time we have lived there. Peg finally admitted she knew it was for real after she saw it for herself. I had her look from another window as she put on a show. We talk to this neighbor, but there has never been a reason for it to come up in either of our conversations with her, they are usually quite short. I shouldn't judge, but she had been on her third husband, and I think he left her, when she has a man she leaves me alone. Apparently, she is separated, and between husbands again.
Peggy told me that maybe it would be a good time to try to get her back for the teasing. I replied, "So you think me showing her my dick will get her back, I don't think so. It will just get her hopes up."
I went on to explain to her yet again that I don't want her despite her good looks and sexy body. She does seem like a nut job, but she is horny so it would be a good time to just tease her in some way, and show her how annoying teasing can be.
Peg said, "Well, since we both seem to be into exhibitionism on occasion. Like when we fucked on the beachfront balcony during our anniversary trip for instance. I might just be able to come up with some way to tease her without getting her hopes up. But if I understand you, maybe a CFNM that does not include sex, just teasing? Let her think she is going to get some of my husband's cock, and make her want it more, but deny it. She is a friend on social, but I rarely talk to her in person, but I can change that I am sure. Give me some time to get closer to her, and at the same time develop a plan."
I reluctantly gave her the OK, as I am always wary of her plans, sometimes they can go wrong, but she is good at coming up with crazy stuff. I made it clear again that it just had to be a tease and she gets nothing from me but that. She assured me that I was not going to be just showing her my dick, it has to, and will be the biggest tease of all time, and Peg is capable of pulling that off.
Peg kept me up on progress, she was at least taking her time on this one, and it was keeping her busy. That issue was not resolved, just in a better place. She expanded her contact with her and was spending some time next door with Sharon. I was afraid she would become too close and have her over here to make things worse. I was determined to just torture her as she had done to me was my quest.
I asked her what they talk about, and she said, "I deliberately trying to take the conversation at some point to about you, of course. She is obsessed with you, I think she would pay to fuck you. You know I love you and think you are hot, but she needs to get a closer look at you, you are hot, but not the stud she claims you are. Her lust for you is more than any of my friends have had. You are right for not wanting to fuck a next-door neighbor though, she might turn psycho on both of us."
Peg said despite her already wanting you, that she was building me up to her even more, how big I am down there, and how good of a fuck I am, etc.
Eventually, she had a plan and was working on the setup. It was a pretty strange plan, and I was not sure if I could pull off my part in it though. She is good at coming up with some pretty wild ideas, and sometimes I have to veto all or parts of it. I was surprised by how she set it up though. It was based on a series of exaggerations, or just plain lies about our lifestyle. She told her we found ways to spice things up in our marriage, and without swapping or opening it up to actual sex with others. Told her what we do turns us both on without us getting jealous.
Then she got to the weird part of what she told her and went on to explain the terms of what was a totally fictional and unbelievable lifestyle.
I was surprised she thought of all this and more surprised the neighbor bought any of it. She told Sharon that we had fallen into a routine and were getting bored with sex with each other, but found a way to spice things up. Told her that we both have big libidos, and what she laid out for her was just plain crazy and hard to believe. It involved getting ourselves worked up sexually, with a built-in physical relief mechanism. She told me she found Sharon to be not just horny and in need, but gullible as well.
She laid it out to her like this, "This is just an idea of how our weeks go, Monday, Wednesday, and Fridays we generally fuck, and strangely, not always privately."
That got her attention, then she told her, "Things changed when one of my friends happened to be over once drinking with us, and we were watching a movie with sex, and could not keep our hands off of each other in front of her. Our friend made a comment then, "I better go, I think you two need to get it on."
"So on an alcohol-influenced whim, I welcomed her to stay and watch us fuck. She thought we were crazy of course, but we were serious. She said that a threesome would be something she would have to think about. I told her that was not what we were seeking, we just wanted the thrill of being watched by someone."
"I got us all fresh drinks and waited until she caught up with us and then I pulled Frank's cock out right in front of her. Frank has a pretty nice cock, and that changed her mind. She sat there and drank while at first I just gave him a blow job in front of her, then we gave her the full show, with the ending being Frank fucking me. I even showed her the creampie he gave me. She kept her clothes on, but slipped her hand down her panties and masturbated during it, and it was not just us that got off, she did too."
She told me, "Then I explained to her although this lifestyle started that way as a couple, it mostly has been just one of us as individuals. Frank developed this habit of coming home from work, and if I was not in the mood to fuck, he would just jerk off in his chair and found I enjoyed watching him, and he liked being watched. I wanted to try it, and tried getting myself off as he watched a couple of times. One night my BFF that watched us fuck stopped over while Frank was hard at it. I was feeling ornery when I greeted her at the back door. I told her to go into the living room, that Frank has something he would like to show her. She did, and she did not go running off, so I joined her and we both watched him jerking off and cumming.
I sensed she was starting to believe me, so I said, "My friend told another of my girlfriends about watching us, and then another time watching just Frank, and she asked me about it, and showed some interest in watching as well. She figured that it would be a way to get off without cheating. After that, a couple more of my friends participated, and they all enjoyed it and wanted to do it again. I think they all are jealous of me and are trying to get the nerve to get their husbands to try it."
Then she laid out more of the fictional schedule for her. "Even though we make love at least three times a week, it is not enough. Our watching each other, and now letting others watch with us has even raised our libido, so now generally, at least two days a week are masturbation days for us. It is usually Frank, but I have tried doing it for one of his friends in lingerie, but since I saw the reaction Frank gets from being hardcore, and getting totally nude for them. I have tried it that way, using a dildo and letting his friend actually see me fucking myself. But that was only for that one friend, Frank is weary of some of his other friends getting the wrong idea. So mostly it is just Frank that is the show, he is the one my girlfriends come for. The same rules apply to any of our friends who would want to watch. They are welcome to watch but must stay clothed and not touch either of us."
I told her, "Frank has only had a couple of buddies he was willing to let me get all the way naked for, and let them see my bald pussy as I fuck myself. But I don't mind him wanting to go naked with any of my friends, in fact, I prefer it as it is a treat for me as well. I think they like it more than the ones that have seen us fucking because they feel more involved, some have even wanted contact, but so far I only let them have contact with his cum. I will let them present their tits for him to cum on, a couple of them have taken facials. He is still hands off with his friend with me, but has let him pull his out, and let me take his cum shot on my tits."
She went on to tell her, "For me, it is always fun to tease his friend, like fucking myself with a toy, as I watch his buddy squirm around, and eventually get his tool out. I bet you would enjoy it, and you are welcome to try it if you're willing to stick to our conditions."
Although this was totally fiction, it had me hard hearing it for the first time, and right out of the blue. It had to have aroused the neighbor too. It was crazy, and I was sure for some impossible to believe, but it sounded intriguing too. I immediately was picturing myself turning the tables, doing a CFNM with her, and jerking off as Sharon watched. It sounded like the hottest act she claimed we did in our fictional quest for excitement, and like it would be the biggest tease as well.
Once Sharon heard this, she was in and wanted to participate, and threw some hints Peg's way that she would love to see me jerking off. She also hinted she would like to do even more, not a surprise.
Peg told her, "You just have to see him stretched out naked in his recliner with a beer in one hand, his hard cock in another, jerking off to a Baywatch or Charley's Angels rerun."
I lost it when she told me she told her that. It was just so weird, yet intriguing, but was not sure I could pull it off.
I was about to find out because as crazy a plan as this was that Peggy came up with, it was going to happen. She had already set it up for that next Tuesday at about 3 when I got home from work. I was a bit freaked out as this was crazy, and I had never done anything even close to it in front of any one person.
I got home about 3:15 that Tuesday, and was extremely nervous and sat in the car for a few minutes, but got it together, and was kind of excited to get a payback to her. All those times I had to jerk myself off in private after seeing her, this time she had to watch me if I had the courage to go through with it.
I did make some of my own plans, like getting a buzz on first. I walked into the house and greeted the two of them as I grabbed a couple of beers trying to act like a normal thirsty guy getting home from work. I made some small talk as I downed the first two. Then, just to make it look not so planned out I ask Peg, "You know this is my turn to get off for you. Does Sharon know about our kink?"
Peg responded, "Yes Honey, we are both anxious, and have been having some wine, and are a little buzzed, quite horny. I think if you would not have come home, I would have had to get out my toys, and we would have had to do something for, or with each other. But I am so glad you are here, now we are waiting for the show to start big boy. Get that snake of yours out, we are ready to watch you play with it. Give us a command performance."
Surprisingly, Sharon, the fearless flasher next door was a little red in the face as she just barely shook her head yes. Even though she was given a promise by Peg, it had to still be a shock that I might actually go through with this. I was wondering if I actually could. Not only that but to make it look like it was not my first time jerking off for my wife and a stranger.
I stood there, drinking my third beer Peg had just got me, I made some more small talk with both of them. I gathered my courage, and I nonchalantly, and slowly stripped out of my clothes not 2 feet from them. I guess this was kind of a strip show, my first, even though it was not a bit like they would see at a club. As I would take one item off, I would take a big drink, let some beer overflow my mouth, and run down my chest. We would talk some more, then move on to another item as I felt my cock getting hard and excited, and the rest of me got nervous. I was pumping down that third beer, then a fourth for courage more than thirst, to get a buzz to settle my nerves.
My cock was about half hard when I finished my third beer, I could not put off the final item any longer. I felt a mixture of panic, and a thrill like I never had before when I stepped out of my boxers to expose myself. I stood there naked trying to look normal as I exposed a penis that was already pretty erect.
I think Peg had a similar feeling, the look of surprise that I actually got as far as getting naked in front of a neighbor may have rivaled Sharon's look of shock. I was now naked, and in front of my wife and a stranger for the first time. I had to deal with the fact that I was there for however long it took to produce a cumshot for her. I just hoped I could do it under those circumstances, despite the beer I still had a lot of performance anxiety.
So there I was naked for Sharon, less than a foot away from her head as she sat there in a chair dressed. I tried to gather all the courage I could muster in addition to what the beer was giving me. I guess I have to be proud of myself for going through with it. It was not easy but as I stood there and saw her interest. It caused me to get as hard as I have ever been, and I had nothing to be ashamed of. In fact, the wanton look on her face as she looked me over from head to toe had me so turned on I lost any embarrassment that was left in me. It was like she was taking her time to look over not just my manhood, but every muscle group a man has.
She made her first statement since I had been nude. "Oh Peg, do you know how lucky you are? If he was mine, I am not sure I could chance to show him off like this. He looks so hot in the buff as he is pumping those beers down like he is. I would be afraid my friends would be on the make after seeing him like this."
Peg said, "Well Sharon, I guess I have a kink that makes me want to show him off this way. He knows better than to go too far with someone else, he has seen my wrath."
I still had not touched it, I wanted to keep up the suspense of her seeing my cock so hard a throbbing was giving her. So I did not grab it right away, instead, I continued the small talk as I finished a beer with my dick almost in her face. Then I told her, "You know, I appreciate all the nude sunbathing you have been doing for my pleasure since your last divorce. This hard cock you are seeing right there in front of your face is what you have caused me on many occasions. I think you purposely did it when you could see Peg's car was gone, and I was always forced to take care of myself, now it is going to be you have to resort to that kind of action."
Then I started the next phase by continuing to talk while I was handling my cock with my free hand like I or any guy might do through his pants when alone and turned on. But I was not alone, nor was I in pants, I was naked, playing with my already hard cock right there in front of her face. Then I told her, "This is what I am usually doing to my cock when you tease me by laying out topless or naked. Yes, I have even seen you spreading your pussy lips, and fingering yourself, now it's my naked cock exposed. Just watch as I play with myself while imagining how it would feel to put this hard dick in your mouth or pussy, how do you like being the one being teased this time?"
Sharon kind of stuttered but recovered and said, "If you are trying to get back at me, it's a fail. I am getting over the initial shock, and I am enjoying having your hard body and cock so close to me, in fact, I am getting soaking wet down below. I also am having a hard time not touching myself through my shorts. Your cock is bigger than Peg described it, it looks scrumptious right here in front of my face. I would love to help you with it, if you two would just give me the OK?"
"Well, I am sure Peg gave you the rules so that is what I have to stick to."
I did follow that with a wink, to keep her hopes up.
What she said did make me change my original plan, in that one was to go across the room to my recliner and edge while they watched from the table. Instead, I stayed where I was, still very close and standing with my hard cock in her face. I told her, "Well, since you have done so much of this to me, I will let you watch from closer than any of Peg's friends have ever been allowed. The rules still apply about not touching me, what you do with yourself is OK I guess, as long as you stay mostly dressed. I have already seen all of you, but you are getting treated to a closeup."
I continued to just tease up close, as I could see through her thin top that Sharon's nipples were getting hard. Peg reminded her of the guidelines as I just caressed my knob using a couple of fingers until it was sticking straight out, and my knob was turning purple. I just let it go then, it was free, and was letting my knob almost touch her lips each time I tilted my head back to take a drink of beer.
I looked over at Peg to see how she was taking it. She still looked surprised at how far I was taking things, I was just as aware this boldness was not like me. Peg told her, "You are welcome to talk dirty, he likes it, and so do I, it's just talking, so say anything you want. Look how hard and purple his knob is, I have seen it start to pulsate when one of my friends talked about it. Since he is staying so close you are also welcome to give him some of your saliva, you can spit it in his hand or on his cock if you want to see him jerking, and really getting into it. You can touch yourself over or under your clothes, but the number one rule is, No Touching My Naked Husband."
Then Peg added, "I think she likes your dick dear, I purposely did not tell her you were what you call average, but my friends that have gotten this show all claim it is bigger than what they get at home. I like showing other women your naked body when your penis is that hard, seeing the wanton look on their faces as they stare at it. Tonight it is all I can do not to tell you to move forward, push it in her mouth to let her suck on it, but that would break the rules."
These were just more lies Peg told her that was hard for me to hear without cracking up. I then said, "Well I am really turned on too, as you can see. I don't want to leave this spot and lose your attention to get another beer, can you get me another, Peg? I like to have a few before I start getting serious and actually start jerking my cock."
I already had more than a couple, and she left and took her time, I gave her a little wink, it was to tell her I wanted to be alone with Sharon.
I think she thought this would be a good time to talk dirty and see if she could get me to waver. "My God I am so turned on, my pussy is just dripping, Want to see it while she is gone?"
I said, "No, you know the rules, if I let you, then I would have to let all my friends pull their hard cocks out when it is Peg's turn to be the star and is masturbating for them. The next thing you know we will be swingers, no, this is enough for us right now."
I was so hard during all of this and put my head pretty far back to get that last couple of drinks of the beer I was finishing. Getting that last bit was not the purpose of the head tilt. I let my cock make contact with Sharon's lips as I leaned back, the top and bottom of my knob were touching her lips, and I was not quick to pull my cock back. She apparently could not resist and I got one pass of her tongue under the bottom of my knob. Then I pulled back and acted like I did not even feel it, even though it caused a flash of excitement that felt like a bolt of lightning going through me.
Peg got back with my beer and noticed that I had some pre-cum on the tip of my knob. She said, "Did I miss something, It looks like your penis wants more attention?"
She reached down and took a swipe and gathered some cum and tasted it and said, "Taste pretty good!"
Then she took another swipe for Sharon, "Here I can see you licking your lips, want some?"
Sharon tasted it and made a YUM sound.
I continued to request more beer as I jerked off, but at a slow pace. Every time Peg left to get me a beer, I let my cock either just get close, I even let it penetrate Sharon's lips a couple of times, but no further than my knob. Then I would pull it back as she returned, I could see I was really getting to her.
I had no idea how much this was going to turn me on. I was almost what I would call drunk, and was up on courage, so I said, "Ready to move on, but how about some lube from the two of you now? I will put my hand out if you have a donation."
We had plenty of lube around the house, but requesting saliva from Sharon was part of making her a bigger part of what I was doing with little if any of the pleasure.
I put my hand under Sharon's mouth as she filled the palm of my hand with what saliva she could muster, and Peg then added to it. Then I rubbed it all over my hard cock, and had it wet, the daylight coming through the window had it shining. I thought it looked kind of nice that way so I just let it bob up and down a few times, and watched Sharon's eyes follow it like a bouncing ball.
Peg moved a chair behind me and said, "Since you decided to stay so close, before you get tired and have to sit down, how about turning around, and just putting a leg up, then bend over? I love it when you milk your stiff cock like that, with your balls hanging down below your ass. I love seeing your cute little ass and tiny butt hole too, but that big cock is the highlight. It's OK with me if you do it with your ass, dick, and balls hanging over her lap. Maybe I will help a little with the milking. I am your wife, and exempt from the no touching rule."
We were just winging it at that point, and doing well I had never done most of what we did before. The only prep was Peg waxing me, mostly just from the waist down, I trim, but that part of my body was as smooth as a gay man. Peg used her hands to signal me to spread my thighs open a little wider, so my cock and balls became an even bigger feature of the pose. Then she started to gently milk my cock for Sharon's entertainment and my pleasure. Peg is a pro at doing this for me sometimes, she had spent some time at her cousins at her uncle's dairy farm, and her cousin taught her to milk cows and pretend their teats were guys' penises for practice."
I could feel my asshole open up as my milking alone caused me to spread my legs even further. It became a tempting target, and Peg licked a finger and pushed it in and out of my asshole. She did that as she squeezed my ball sack with the other hand. I loved it, not just the action, but the reaction I could not see that well but could hear from Sharon as she watched!
Sharon said, "Oh Fuck Peg this is so smoking hot, you are so lucky to have a guy that is so willing to do all this for you, and to let your friends watch, this is just so unbelievable, and mind-blowing. I don't know how they deal with all this teasing, I have fingers in myself under these shorts already. I need to be fucked, and may have to leave before the cumshot, and run home to fuck myself with my biggest toy."
Peg, "You don't want to miss the cumshot, remember, you can take it in your mouth as long as it is not touching. You can bring a toy with you if you ever want to do this with us again, as long as you use it under your clothes. The whole fun of it is the tease, but maybe you can be the first guest to be the one naked and masturbating sometimes. You can be the main attraction, then we can stay dressed and watch you play with your tits and fuck yourself, but the same rules would apply to us."
I was back to standing still edging as I was downing another beer. Then I started jerking pretty seriously as I queried, "Well girls, I am not sure how long I will last, it is always so exciting to have a new guest. She looks pretty worked up, it won't be long before cum ropes are flying out the end of this excited little wiener of mine."
"Remember Sharon, no touching, but you are welcome to some, or all of the cum, as you now know his is tasty, must be his diet, my cooking. I love it, but when we have a guest they have first dibs on his milky white cream."
Sharon, "I love tasting the cum of someone new, maybe that's why I keep going through husbands, L.O.L.. I can't wait to have more than just a taste of it, so if you don't mind, point that big knob's pee hole to this big mouth of mine when you are ready Frank. I am ready for a big load and will hold still for you. It's up to you to keep to the rules and not to touch my lips, but just so you know, I would not mind it if you did. You have me so hot you own me, I would do anything either of you wanted me to."
She kept it to herself that I had already let it touch her lips and tongue. I got another round of saliva from the two of them and stood up to get serious and then finish off. It was so fucking awesome, there is nothing like standing naked in front of someone with your knob less than a half-inch from her mouth especially someone new you barely know, and in front of your wife. I just focused on her mouth and blocked everything out as I finished. I know I had to be making a funny face, but only Peg could see it as Sharon was focused on the prize.
I wanted my dick in Sharon's mouth so bad and was pretty sure Peg knew it. I was just afraid to do it, and hear about it later.
The closer I got to a cumshot the closer I let my cock get to her mouth. It was as close as I felt I could be without incidental contact. I sent Peg for another beer, so I could pretend to break the rules just for Sharon. I was surprised she was willing to go get it right then and leave us alone again. But my Peg had her own variation of the plan, I looked over to see her standing in the doorway to the kitchen, and running her tongue around her cheeks simulating a blow job. What could I do but take that as a go-ahead.
I stared her directly into her eyes and whispered, "You can never tell if I let you suck it a little?"
She whispered back, "I promise, I just have to have it."
So I slid my penis into her mouth, and she was on it immediately. She was sucking my cock as she held me with her hands on my bare ass to keep it in there. We both would have liked it to last longer, but it was not long before I started to ejaculate and pump my entire load in her mouth, she choked as with the velocity of it I was shooting it all the way to her throat. All this as Peg was watching from the kitchen archway.
Having Peg watch me get my dick sucked for the first time took me over the top. My cock felt like it was an erupting volcano, I could feel wave after wave of my warm white lava filling her mouth, and she took it all. The amount of cum was equal to the high I had while releasing it. I knew the longer the edging and the tease, the better the orgasm, but this one was epic and exceeded by far, any I ever produced alone.
Peg picked right then to come back with the beer and said, "You bad, bad, boy, you sent me to get a beer so I would not see you shove your dick in her warm mouth, didn't you? But it is OK, I hurried and saw Sharon struggling to take all your cum, and got to see that look on your face I know so well. I am not going to leave you two alone anymore. That's why we have the leave your clothes on rule, if you were naked Sharon, I would have come back to you bent over a chair getting fucked.
"You Drunk Horny Bastard! You know this means you are going to have to watch your naked wife masturbate as she sucks one of your friend's cock in front of you."
It was the first time in our marriage I ever thought of that as something I might like to see.
Cumming in her mouth was so awesome for me, much better than finishing it myself. Sharon did not reply to Peg, but held it in her mouth and pointed it out to Peg as some flowed out the sides. Then Peg moved in to clean up my cock for me and started to suck my cock just to tease her more.
She was losing it watching, we had gotten away from the plan we had. So since she was told that we have fucked in front of her friends, I pulled Peg's shorts and panties down. Then pulled off her top as I leaned her naked body over the chair. I had just jerked off and shot my first load in someone else's mouth since I had been married. Now Sharon was watching me fuck my wife. I know she has never seen anything like that, we were not a foot away. It was such an epic feeling to know a neighbor woman we hardly knew was watching my cock go in and out of my wife's bald pussy, as my balls slapped against her ass.
Sharon had her hand down her shorts finger fucking herself as my cum was still dripping from her chin. She said, "I love you guys, you are two of the craziest fucking people I have ever met."
She could not have given us a better compliment, and when I started to cum again, I felt her break the rules again as her hand squeezed my balls to get every last drop out of me. It was one of the loudest and most pleasurable orgasms I ever had. It was a night to remember!
We had started something and a day or so later Peg told me Sharon was ready for more, and that she would like to be watched having some type of sex. "She wants to know if she could bring a guy, or if we knew a guy that would be willing to get naked with her, and either fuck or masturbate with her as we watch?"