A couple of cute young guys recently moved in downstairs from me. They are both nineteen and I gave them the nickname 'the runts' since they are both about 5-6 tall, Steve weighing about 145 and Danny about 135. I'm a little older than them 25, and kind of a big girl, 5-6 tall and 200 well rounded pounds. One Saturday afternoon I was going down the back stairs and saw their back door open. I asked if anyone was home and looked in to check. I heard some noise from the bedroom so I quietly peaked through the door and got one hell of a shock.
I was shocked every which way to see Steve with his 33 year old boss Jodie, naked on the bed. It was quite a sight because Jodie is easily six feet tall and must weigh 350 pounds! But the bigger shock was seeing Jodie sucking on Steve's cock, which was a thick twelve inches long! It was a surprise that Steve went for big women but I never would have imagined the little guy was hung like a bull.
They must have only been going at it for a few minutes because with Steve's cock at full staff, Jodie let it slide from her lips with a 'Pop' and said "My turn." then layed on her back. Steve wasted no time diving between her massive thighs and going down on his boss lady. "Oh, you like it down there don't you Steve?" asked Jodie. Steve raised his head briefly to answer "You're a man sized meal." before getting right back to lapping away. Jodie offering "And you are chowing down all right." before she trapped Steve's head by crossing her ankles behind his head. This seemed to suit the little guy just fine as he wrapped his arms around the big redhead's thighs, as best he could, and continued to eat her pussy. Steve was getting the job done because before long Jodie unlocked her legs, planted her feet, clutched the sheets with both hands, her legs shook and she raised her fat ass off the bed as she screamed, coming in a powerful orgasm.
As Jodie's big butt bounced on the bed Steve looked up at her from between her huge thighs and asked "How was that?" Jodie caught her breath and replied loudly "FUCK ME!!! NOW!!!"
Jodie spread her legs and Steve slid up between them. He wasted no time and pushed the head of his huge cock in Jodie's pussy. Jodie slapped her hands on the bed as Steve pumped more and more of his big dick into her. When Steve was working about nine inches in and out at a good pace Jodie wrapped her massive legs around Steve's skinny body. "No escape for you." she said. Steve took a deep breath and laughed "I wasn't going anywhere."
They then locked hands, lacing their fingers, Jodie pulled Steve forward and rolled her legs up, lifting him off of the bed! This drove his cock to the balls into Jodie's cunt. Jodie bounced her ass off the bed basically fucking herself with Steve's cock as he shook in the air above her, which he really got off on. Steve looked down at Jodie and asked, "How does that feel?'
She was working hard and breathing heavy answering "Fuckin' A, you've got one hell of a piece of beef there Steve." Who asked "Should I be doing anything?" To which Jodie replied "Just keep it hard, I'll take care of the rest." Finally Jodie just sank down taking the full length of Steve's cock in her, shook with an orgasm before rolling off of Steve.
Despite her size Jodie is kind of flat chested but she is one big ass woman. Catching her breath Jodie got up on her hands and knees, slapped her fat butt and said to Steve "Come on, do me up the ass, I want you to stuff that fire hose all the way up my butt." Steve ran his hands all over Jodie's big backside and answered "I've fucked some big asses but damn Jodie you have one motherfucker of a big ass to tackle."
"And you love it, don't you?" replied Jodie. Steve smacked her fat butt cheek and answered "I've found big ass heaven." Jodie groaned "Then climb on and put that fat hog where it can do some good."
Steve stretched on a condom bigger than I thought one could go then lubed his stiff pole with Ky jelly. With his right hand greased Steve worked one then two fingers into Jodie's back door. Then he gently spread Jodie's ass cheeks and poked the head in. Slowly pushing each stroke deeper as Jodie rocked in rythmn to his actions. "Oh, shit." gasped Jodie, "You've got my attention now, keep going." Steve squeezed Jodie's fat butt cheeks with both hands and replied "I've got so much to work with back here, this might take a while." To which Jodie answered "You do your thing just don't stop until I get the full treatment."
It didn't take long before both Steve and Jodie were moving a little faster and faster until Steve reached forward to hold Jodie's broad shoulders. She let out a wallop as Steve braced himself and plowed forward. I thought to myself, 'you cock hungry bitch' as Jodie took Steve's foot long pole all the way up her big fat butt and loved it.
As Steve continued to pump the length of his manhood deep in Jodie's butt hole he said to her "You just love a big cock don't you? It takes a lot of cock to fuck an ass the size of yours, Jodie."
"And there's nothing you like more than a fat ass to fuck is there Steve? No skinny pussy for you and your monster cock. It's the big ass woman for you." she challenged.
"That's right Jodie. I like to ride 'em hard and have 'em fuck me back. And I can say without a doubt you have the biggest and best ass I've ever done."
"That's right you little butt fucker, I can take all you got and give you change back." Finally Steve gave a big push forward and Jodie pitched forward landing face down flat. Steve went with her and with his cock buried to the balls up Jodie's fat ass shot his load.
Steve layed on top of Jodie for a while before pulling his spent rod out. She then rolled over and they hugged, kissed and groped for quite a while before Jodie massaged Steve's dangling dick and said, "Well I've got to hit the road."
As Jodie got dressed Steve answered the phone, spoke softly and hung up quickly. I hid on the back stairs as Jodie left out the front door. She and Steve hugged and kissed then Jodie reached around grabbing Steve's ass and lifted him up in her arms and said, "You've got the big thing in a little package and I like it that way. You'll be fucking this big woman all you can handle."
No sooner had she driven away when Steve's doorbell rang. I waited a few seconds then snuck in again to see Steve leading another woman he works with into his bedroom.
Sharon is 35, a blonde, 5-8 tall and 300 pounds of tits and ass. She must have been calling from her car phone waiting for Jodie to leave. In a flash Steve got Sharon out of her clothes and they got into a 69 on the bed. Sharon was on top and Steve was engulfed by her big body just barely visible under her. But it was working for them Sharon sliding most of Steve's cock between her lips and he was eating her pussy and getting her off.
After a while Sharon rolled over onto her back and Steve straddled her big body, sitting on her soft belly. He then layed his stiff cock between Sharon's fat tits and she squeezed them together as her slid his foot long back and forth between the fat globes.
With Steve flat on his back, Sharon squatted over his monster cock and lowered herself onto it. Sharon closed her eyes and threw her head back as she stuffed herself with his rod.
I was so mesmerized watching Steve bone his second fat woman of the afternoon I didn't even notice Danny standing behind me "Boy I'll bet that gets you horny Lori." I almost jumped out of my skin but Danny put his arms around me and kissed my neck and I froze. That is until I felt a considerable boner poking against my fat butt through his jeans. Then he said "Are you just going to watch them or would you like me to give you some of your own?"
Feeling what had to be a major piece of meat through Danny's pants I said "Let's unwrap this package and see what I've got." and we raced to his bedroom.
I was out of my clothes in a flash, when Danny stepped out of his shorts he turned and my knees got weak. He sports an eleven inch dong with a huge head. I reached out to gauge the size and weight of his cock "Do you like what you see, Lori?"
"I like what I feel, Danny." Then I pushed the runt onto the bed and made my way to his monster meat. I needed both hands to hold onto Danny's cock then stretched my jaw to the limit to get the knob into my mouth. I could only work half of it into my mouth which left plenty for me to jerk with my hands.
I swallowed Danny's load and to my surprise that big dick stayed hard so I stroked it to keep it that way then laid down on my back to go another round. Danny knelt between my legs and eased his thick dick into my pussy. I had to catch my breath when the big head poked into me, it stretched me more than I was used to but after only a few strokes I had no problem enjoying every bit of it. Danny leaned forward to squeeze my fat tits while he pumped his long cock farther into me. Finally he was just about working all eleven inches in and out and I wrapped my thick thighs around his skinny body and started humping back up at him.
I came more than once before Danny braced his feet and shot his load buried to the balls in my pussy. He then fell forward into my arms and we kissed and hugged and groped each other. After a while he slid down my body some and began sucking on my tits and boy he has a talent for that. I had my hand buried in my pussy as Danny licked, sucked, squeezed, nibbled and thoroughly enjoyed my DD's as much as I enjoyed having him play with them.
I had to pee so I left Danny to go to the bathroom. When I finished who should walk into the bathroom but Steve. "I see Danny got lucky today." he said then I said "About half as lucky as you."
Steve put his arms around me and we tongue kissed while we ran our hands all over each other. But I just had to get my hands on Steve's impressive cock. It hung down almost eight inches soft but once in my hands Steve had no problem getting his foot long up once more "In the mood for a bathroom bang?" he asked. I jiggled his cock saying "Anywhere, anytime for this club."
With my back to the wall Steve slipped the head of his cock in my wet pussy. The first four inches went in easily and I was so wet it took only a few strokes for the next four. We kissed as Steve slowly pumped his cock into me, my ass smacking against the cool tile wall, but I wanted to get it all. I had Steve by the ass with both hands pulling him deeper into me while he held my hips. Finally I pulled him tight against me and my greedy pussy swallowed the length of his one foot pleasure stick.
My head was spinning with pleasure and my pussy completely stuffed with cock, oh what feeling. When I came my legs got rubbery but Steve put everything he had into holding me up. His arms weren't strong enough even though he had both hands full of my ass but the push he gave me with his monster cock buried to the balls I my pussy kept me up until he shot his load.
I kissed Steve and he rubbed my fat butt gently saying, "Well I guess I can go give Sharon a little something before she has to leave." I thought. 'Damn, these boys can't get enough fat girl pussy'.
I went back to find Danny relaxing on the bed "That took you a while, what kept you?" He asked and I had to admit to him I saw Steve. Danny smiled and said "Well if you got what I think you got come on over and let me eat the magic mix." I flopped down in the middle of the bed and as Danny got between my thighs I said "Come and get your sloppy seconds."
Danny ate the mix of my juices and his buddy's load and then we went at several more times. And that wasn't my last encounter with 'the runts'.