Chapter 3: Ecstasy
Scott and Kelly cuddled arm-in-arm on the bed. Martin handed her the wad of bills and said, "Here's $1,000. You'll get the other half at the end, just like before."
"Okay," said Kelly. She was rich. She counted it reverently. She felt like she was sliding rapidly down a steep slope. She'd rarely seen $100 bills, and never this many. She stuffed them carefully into her billfold.
Scott thrilled inside as he watched her fumble with the bills. She was so cute he could die.
"Kids, here's how it's going to go," said Martin. "There will be a bunch of cameras going. I'll be using this Steadicam rig. I'll give you verbal directions of what to do next. If you want to joke with me off camera, or give me crap about my direction, go right ahead. Our subscribers love that stuff. Ready?"
Scott looked into Kelly's eyes, "I'm ready if you're ready." She looked up at him, relaxed, trusting. Scott didn't like it at all that they were going to trick her. Not this one. Harmless, yes, but he never wanted this trusting look to go away. He wanted her right here, nestled under his arm and trusting him, forever.
Kelly met Scott's gaze. There was a moment of calm. She closed her eyes and felt him against her, firm, warm, his breath calm in him. She'd never felt more safe than in this moment, in this crazy place, and she felt free, completely free. She opened her eyes and looked into the glaring eye of Martin's camera. "Okay, yes, I'm ready."
"Cameras on," said Martin. "Kelly, would you please count to three and clap?"
"One, two, three." Kelly clapped.
"Great," said Martin, licking his lips. "Kelly, why don't you let Scott help you get undressed?"
It had been so easy, so careless, Kelly thought. Every pervert would now know the details of her sex life. It would be out there forever. At least, they would know her sex life before this moment. She felt dizzy, transfixed by this bright eye, like she was jumping off a high cliff. She felt Scott's warm hands caress her and knew she was not alone. Looking at the brown carpet, she made herself stand up. She made herself unbutton her jeans, made herself unzip.
Scott fell to his knees in front of her. She was so delicious and shy. She let him pull her jeans slowly down over her hips. Her panties were going with them. She held onto her panties like a tug-of-war game and self-consciously pulled them back up. Scott, Martin and the camera got a quick glimpse of her bare shaved pudenda before it was again hidden.
Scott continued to gently and lovingly slip her jeans off the rest of the way. Her hand resting her weight on his shoulder, she lifted her feet for him, one, then the other. She was paying close attention to him, even though at the same time she was shutting out the world. This resonance he felt with her had always been present in the best lovemaking he'd ever had. He folded her jeans neatly, reverently, and set them aside. He stroked his hands up and down her legs. This was special, he felt strongly. Regardless, he took a breath. He needed to be cool and somewhat professional about this. She especially was counting on him to be steady. He said, "So far so good. Look at these marvelous legs."
Kelly was on edge, and at the same time, so drawn to Scott. She felt herself tremble with nerves and excitement. Just his warm soft hands stroking along her outer thighs was making her weak.
Always before, boys had pushed and rushed her past everything. They had pushed her past the moment, pushed her past her own hopes and dreams. They had pushed her to what they wanted, which was to pump their hot, slippery load somewhere. Into her mouth. Into her hole. And then they slept. And she had accepted this as what life was like, what boys were like, what sex was like. Trying to make them slow down, pay attention. Them reckless, heedless, going anyway. Empty, isolated moments of tantalizing, unfulfilled bliss.
Kelly felt Scott as still and steady, enjoying this moment with her like forever. Scott was a man. He was really her first man; she felt that deeply. Such a different feeling to be here with him. He was a man the same age as her father, and at this she cringed. But he was so unlike her father. Scott was dangerous in an intoxicating way. Here, now, she felt his smooth hands caress her legs, savoring every detail. She felt his hot desiring breath on her face and neck. She felt his proximity. She felt worshipped. She felt fully a woman in the warm caress of his hands.
Scott stood, and as he did, he slipped Kelly's t-shirt off her. Without thinking, she threw up her arms like a child being undressed, helpless in his care. She was suddenly naked from the waist up. She reflexively grabbed and guarded her breasts in her arms. Then she looked at Scott and slowly, with an effort of will, lowered her arms. She did it for Scott, to give herself to him. And yes, she did it for Martin and his hot watching eye, nasty peeping Martin. And yes, she even did it for the millions of masturbating men. She felt their excitement spike. Young boys touched themselves uncertainly for the first time. Ancient men tugged out their last few moments of pleasure. Now every pervert would know her breasts, their shape, her nipples. Standing there naked from the waist up, she glanced away from Scott at Martin's roving camera eye.
Scott watched as Kelly lowered her arms and surrendered her firm breasts and pink nipples to him. Her body was lean. Her breasts were cherubic with the blush of youth. Her nipples were puckered sharply erect. The promises so eloquently made by the dents in her t-shirt had been spectacularly kept.
"I knew you had a nice body, Kelly, but wow, I feel like we've struck gold," said Martin.
"Isn't she spectacular?" marveled Scott.
Kelly nervously bent down and ungracefully pulled off one sock and then the other. As she swayed, the world was now in on the joke of her boobs. She had her two jiggling little blobs of jello, so inadequate. She handed her socks to Scott, for some reason. He locked eyes with her, gently kissed them, and set them aside on her growing pile of clothes.
Martin, holding and looking into the Steadicam with one arm, reached out.
Kelly suddenly felt Martin's hand cradle her left breast, stroke the nipple. He did it with such nonchalance, like shaking hands, but it left a mark on her. He'd made it beautiful. This faceless man with the head of a camera had touched her intimately. He had stroked her, sparked her, touched her for the world to see.
"Nice," said Martin, "so perky."
"Heh," said Kelly, still in shock. "Thank you."
"May I?" asked Scott, but he didn't wait for an answer.
His mouth on her right teat, hot, wet, urgent, sent a bolt of lightning straight to her baby hole. "Oh, ohmygod!" she shuddered. A moan almost escaped her. She choked on it. She had at least some remaining pride. How could she be this much of a dirty slut and not know? She was a slut, though, a whore in fact, who had sold her skin and so much more. Scott would take her and use her for his pleasure. Her loins thrilled electrically at the thought of him ramming it into her. She had sold herself to him and an awaiting army of urgent masturbating men. She shut her eyes against Martin's all-seeing eye. She focused on the shocks and tingles flying through her body from Scott's sucking mouth, his tweaking fingertips. She needed to calm down. She wanted this. She needed the money. She wanted Scott. Even Martin's hands on her had driven her crazy. She had to face the truth that she was a horny slut and a whore, bought and sold. She took a deep breath, and a whimper escaped her.
Oh that whimper! Scott reverently tasted one teat while stroking the other nipple with his fingers. It was a little salty, sweaty. What did they say? Glowing. He gently mouthed more and more of it. She hadn't been expecting to do this. She wasn't primped for a date, like all the campus girls he had worked with were. She was 100% natural coed straight off the reserve. She smelled like a coed. Tasted like a coed. Scott couldn't define why. "I could suck on these perfect ones all day," he enthused.
Kelly looked at him. She could be chill. It was only a little boob sucking, for God's sake. She wasn't in grade school. She smiled and played along, "Sounds fun!"
Scott stepped aside for Martin's camera. "Kelly, could you turn around? That's right, facing away from me. Now pull your panties down slowly." Kelly reached for her panties. She had undressed a million times before in her life, so she pulled them down. "That's great, yes, just take them off." She clumsily stepped out of them and handed them to Scott. He was her attendant. She watched him as he put them up to his face and nose and inhaled deeply. More like a great big pervert, she chuckled, but hers. The wet whore's pervert.
Oh, God, thought Scott. Her panties smelled of pure excitement, that was the new stuff, and dorm food. Her panties were unmistakably tangy, plus cafeteria, plus shared bathroom, plus lecture hall. It brought back memories for Scott. It was uncanny. There were worlds in her smell.
"Scott, you okay buddy?" said Martin.
"Oh yes," said Scott.
"Kelly, please bend over at the waist," said Martin, steadying his rig on the floor and wetting his lips. "Now reach around and pull your cheeks apart."
They wanted to look at her shit hole! She grimaced and did as instructed. She just knew she must have some fleck or streak of BM she'd missed. "Oh lovely, lovely sight," said Martin. "Shaved, nice and neat."
"Your viewers like looking at where a girl's soil comes out?" Kelly asked.
"You're showing us both barrels, darling. Look how wet your little pussy is. It's dripping!" said Martin.
"Well I could tell from these," said Scott. Martin's camera panned up to Scott's face, and Kelly's panties next to them. The crotch was soaked.
Scott reached a finger and casually stroked it up and down her wet slot. She jumped, then steadied herself. "She is so juicy!" enthused Scott. He smelled his finger, tasted it. Pure tangy wet excitement.
She was staring at the wall. She just had to keep calm, like it was a doctor's appointment. Except instead of a doctor, it was a silent watching eye. Beyond that were a million masturbating men. She felt they must be stroking faster, getting closer.
Scott's finger roved to her BM hole. She straightened sharply and swept her arm behind herself, but Scott had already pulled his finger back. "No, that's... no, don't touch that," she pleaded to him.
"Perfectly fine," said Scott, holding up his hands in truce.
"Our subscribers love to even look at it, darling," Martin said. "It's a sensitive one."
It tingled from where Scott had rubbed his finger, coated with her slime, on it. She swallowed. She was falling. She could handle this.
"I got hard touching them," Scott admitted. She glanced over, and there was a definite bump in the front of his running shorts.
"Okay, now, Kelly, focus," said Martin. "Turn and sit on the bed. And scoot back. A little farther. Okay, now, spread your legs."
This part was not a doctor's appointment. It was her and Martin's approaching eye. She opened her legs with determination. She could feel a million men bend forward to memorize her loins and stroke, stroke, stroke excitedly. Their penises were throbbing and leaking precum just like Steve used to.
Martin gently directed her, "Pull your lips apart."
There were no secrets left to a whore. Her hands fumbled down and she held herself as the camera stared, everyone stared. The approaching camera's gaze was hot, raking her body with its intensity. The light was hot, exposing her utterly. Martin's fingers were suddenly on her, in her wet, before she could think. She jerked at the violation, then relaxed, resigned. The camera owned her whore body. She shut her eyes in shame. She felt a sick, excited thrill as Martin's fingers on her wet core stimulated her nastily. She knew her army of perverts saw her pleasure clearly in her helpless nasty grimace.
"Nice little pussy. Super tiny," he observed.
"May I?" asked Scott's voice, and from nowhere, his long fingers replaced the others stroking into her slick hole. "A little pussy for a little girl."
She yearned as Scott's smooth fingers stroked her slick opening and lips in a circular motion. She wanted to curl up around him and just feel him. "Thanks?" she murmured. "You like that?" Her body filled with electric shocks as his mouth again latched onto her teat and his finger stroked her. "Ah! Huh-huh," as one big long finger plunged into her slick grasping slit. "Mmmm!" Her excitement was building rapidly. Her body was awake after long denial. This was a man handling her, savoring her. "You're going to almost make me do it," she moaned. "If you keep doing that, you know, with your finger..." she informed him unsteadily.
"That's okay," said Scott reassuringly. "You won't run out of them."
"Kelly," said Martin, wetting his lips, "Just tell us if you orgasm, that's a darling."
"I'm pretty close," Kelly fretted as Scott's impossibly big mouth sucked and pleasured one whole of her breasts. His impossibly long finger plunged and ravaged her slick hole. "I'm feeling close."
The camera was close and hot on her as the stimulation continued, a million eyes watching. "I'm cumming... I'm cumming!" Kelly squeaked. She panted through the aftershocks. "That was great!" she thrilled. That wasn't so hard. The finger kept plunging. Electric shocks ran through her from Scott's mouth wetly enjoying her tit. Her breath was ragged. Was she going to cum again? Like a freight train. "Ooooowww," she moaned. "I came!" she panted in surprise. A familiar clamminess spread on her ass. She sat up with a jolt and Scott stopped. "I'm sorry, I wet the bed," she admitted.
"Wow, look at all that," Martin thrilled, probing the camera at it. "You covered it!"
"Sorry," she smiled nervously. "Sometimes I'm messy when I have one."
"That's wonderful," Martin assured her. "Nothing to worry about. People like to watch it. They know you're having fun."
"Heh," she said. Scott had fetched a towel. She patted on the damp spot and put it under her butt.
"Kelly, are you with us, sweetheart?" said Martin, his light glaring. "Now it's time for you to show us your oral skills. Whenever you're ready, honey." She roused, came to her senses. "Start by getting on your knees. Down there on the floor. And pull down his shorts."
It was enormous, and excited, and leaking a little. "You like me?" Kelly asked Scott.
"So very much," answered Scott, smiling at her and stepping out of his shorts and boxer briefs.
She could handle this. This was a man-sized penis. She was a pro. She had done it a hundred times. This was just scaled up. She spit, tongued it, and made it slick so it would go down easy. Then she attempted it. Her mouth needed to be wider. It was hard for her to keep her throat open at the same time. She choked it down. Her eyes watered. She was a pro. This was like her first time putting a cock down her throat. It had felt big going down then, too, and the first dozen times. She could get used to this. She coughed it out, spit going everywhere. She cleared her throat. God, it was thick! And freaking long, too. She had gotten maybe a little more than half of it down.
"Wow, that is not bad," said Martin, filming.
"It's great!" said Scott encouragingly. This little lady had it going on. She was trying so hard for him. Correct that. He shouldn't get too carried away. There was money involved. But he could hope.
Kelly returned to her task. In, "Lll!" Out, "Eeck!" It was all wet and spitty, good. The tears flowed. "Lll! Eeck! Lll! Eeck! Lll! Eeck!" She was getting it all down now. It felt like it was touching her stomach. The tears flowed.
"Man, that is super good!" Scott moaned. She was right on his member as surprisingly few had done it before, and he was a professional porn star. He wanted this one in his bed all the time. He would do anything.
"Lll! Eeck! Lll! Eeck! Lll! Eeck!"
"Look at that," said Martin. "She was not kidding."
"Lll! Eeck! Lll! Eeck! Lll! Eeck!"
"I was already so worked up," said Scott. "I really could go practically anytime."
"Lll! Eeck! Lll! Eeck! Lll! Eeck!"
"Let me capture more of this," said Martin.
"Lll! Eeck! Lll! Eeck! Lll! Eeck!"
"C'mon, man!" begged Scott. "I'm a professional, but Jesus fuck!"
"Lll! Eeck! Lll! Eeck! Lll! Eeck!"
"All right," said Martin. "Go ahead."
"Lll! Eeck! Lll! Eeck! Lll! Eeck!"
"Kelly, I'm about to," whimpered Scott, "Where?"
"Glllllllll!"
"Oh huh-huh FUUUUUUUCK!" cried Scott, ejaculating explosively down Kelly's throat as she held it all in. That was spectacular, maybe the best he'd ever had. Certainly the most surprising windfall. It was from this sweet-faced young blonde.
She had been so full of Scott's dick, she hadn't been able to back off and catch it in her mouth like usual. Instead, it had shot straight and hot, pulse after pulse, into her stomach. It felt right. He was a man, not a boy. His load belonged there. "Guuuuuh!" said Kelly, coming off it. She smiled in triumph and wiped her tears.
"Oh my fucking God!" said Scott, "I need a nap. That was beyond good. Marry me, Kelly."
"On your own time," said Martin. "No rest for the wicked."
Scott gently lifted Kelly to her feet. He sat her on the edge of the bed. He spread her legs gently, stroking her inner thighs reverently with his smooth warm hands. He crouched between her legs, looking at her, smiling at her. Martin's roving eye looked over Scott's shoulder at her.
She didn't want to say anything embarrassing. She was already a total whore. She put her hand gently on the top of Scott's head and looked away from Martin's eye. She caught her breath as Scott's hot wet mouth kissed her bits, correction, French kissed her bits. Wow! She put both her hands on him and looked down. What was he doing to her? Her eyes squeezed shut. It was just so good she couldn't stand it. She couldn't withstand it. She was falling through space.
"How are you feeling, Kelly?" asked Martin.
"F-Fuck!" whimpered Kelly. "Good!"
"Not a dying fish?" asked Martin.
"Nnnuh..." moaned Kelly. "I don't... Mmm..." She felt her whole body writhe and stretch like a cat against Scott's teasing tongue and sucking mouth. "Mmm... Huh... I'm gonna cum!"
"Go ahead, Kelly," coaxed Martin.
"Ohgodohgodohgod!" Kelly cried, writhing against Scott's mouth. He stayed with her. "I did it." She felt another one building right away. "NNHmmm!" Scott slowly backed away from her. She was throbbing wet and shaking.
"Can I do it more?" asked Scott.
"Fuck yeah!" she cried, dragging him by the hair back to her cooch. Oh my fucking God, she thought.
Martin kept taping. Kelly was in a world of pleasure, her hips dancing and thrusting as she came. Scott rode the beast of her pelvis, keeping her pleasure steady and extreme. The minutes went by as Kelly whimpered out orgasms. She moaned out more orgasms. She cried out yet more orgasms. She howled out orgasm after orgasm, each more powerful than the previous. The camera caught her raw, a natural unvarnished delightful girl bathed in pleasure, christened in pleasure. She was becoming a woman before their eyes.
Kelly gasped and jumped away as if bitten, and shuddered again. "I can't-" she faltered. She had been fully a creature of sensation, immersed in a world of pleasure. She hadn't imagined it could ever be this good. It had consumed her, the straining utter urgency, the crashing thunder of utter release. Primal animal sounds had flown out of her throat as if from someone else, someone possessed. In the quiet, trickling wet between her clenched, quivering thighs, she felt a consuming yearning emptiness eating at her core. "I need-" she whimpered, and then faltered.
Scott loomed over her on the bed. She felt the warm push of his penis against her wet slot. "Yes!" she cried. She was aware he was too big for her. She didn't freaking care. He could tear her in half. Each ragged half would die fulfilled, quenched.
Enormous hot pressure as Scott's firm, slick penis filled her entrance. It ached! It kept going in! There was no room! Oh God! She was so full! She felt the skin all around her hole tug into her slickly. She felt pressing deep in her guts as he stretched her hole utterly. "Gaaa!" she cried in distress.
It started, the throbbing in her whole pelvis and guts as Scott moved in her. The terrible ache. All this was new. Scott was MUCH bigger than the boys who had visited her hole before. There was a hot ache, and a punching, and terrible slick sensation.
Scott was in heaven. Kelly was such a tight ride. Yet so far, she was taking him like a champ. Most importantly, it was his sassy blonde underneath him, spread for him. She was grimacing and dealing with his size. It would get better. He kept moving in her tight slick hole. If he didn't, she would pop him right out of there.
Kelly came to her senses. Scott was quite the handful! Or the hole-full! Scott had settled down to enjoying her, a beatific smile on his face, her big boy. Yes dear sir, my hole is good, she thought. My men squirt quick. There's always hope at the beginning. Scott is a real man, a nice man, finally! This was different. But one thing was the same. Her hole was broken. It was not his fault that her hole was broken. After some more of his excited punching and stretching, the ache began to subside. She'd better say something. "This is feeling real good," she whimpered to Scott.
"I'm glad," he told her, smiling, feeling great enjoyment.
The camera light shone and glared at them. The pushing was pushing her somewhere. Kelly felt it was really, really moving her. "Oh, hmm." This was unexpected. "I'm already close!" she announced, amazed.
"The licking helps," said Martin.
"You'd better believe it," said Kelly, eyes lidded. "Uhh!" She licked her lips. "I'm close," she said. "I'm closer! Oh my God! Oh my God! Ohh! I'm cumming..." she groaned with a smile. It didn't stop. "I'm cumming... huh!" she squeaked. "I came," she breathed and smiled in amazement, puffing.
"Kelly, is that the first time you've had an orgasm during intercourse?" asked Martin.
"Right," she breathed, her brow furrowed. Her eyes were shut. She felt him deeply. Scott's continuous thrusts in her rocked her.
"You just got to witness little Kelly having an orgasm for the first time during sexual intercourse," said Martin. "You can show your grand kids, Kelly. Here's when it happened."
"Ha ha fuck you Martin," smiled Kelly. She was beyond being concerned about anything at the moment.
"How did it feel, Scott?" asked Martin.
"Wonderful! Wet," said Scott.
"Again?" asked Martin.
"Oh yeah," said Scott.
"Uh..." said Kelly, her voice cracking. "I'm close again! Haha!"
"Do it, Kelly," said Martin. "Get there. Our viewing audience is rooting for you."
Kelly felt all their eyes raking her naked spread legs. She felt them hearing her lewd noises. She felt them stroking faster as she took Scott's giant prick like the bitch whore she was. She felt them squirting their seed towards her. She was whimpering, gasping, so close, not there, but she couldn't again, could she? She surrendered with a howl, "AAAAUGH!" The orgasm swept over her like a storm, more powerful than anything. She shuddered, shook, thrashed away from Scott. Pee flew everywhere.
Kelly came to her senses, "I'm sorry! I'm so sorry!" she stammered.
Scott reassured, "I love it." He wiped them off with the towel.
"It's time for a new bedspread," said Martin. "Let's go to the couch. Drink some water, Kelly. Yes, that whole bottle of water. Keep drinking. Yes."
Scott carried Kelly over to the couch and set her on his lap. "Let's try reverse cowgirl." Scott slathered some cool lube on Kelly's bits and some on his own dick as well. "Sit facing the camera. Yes, like that. This way, if you pee again, you'll pee on Scott, not yourself."
"You're disgusting!" said Kelly with a smile.
"Aren't you glad there are men like Scott around for girls like you to piss on?" Martin teased.
"You're horrible," said Kelly. "You'd better stay back, or I'll get the camera. Uuuuuh!" This as Scott pushed into her.
"Now just bounce," said Martin. Kelly tried to work her hips. It was awkward. It was difficult to squat or push up with her legs either. "That's fine, just take it slow, get used to it."
This was feeling better. That aching pushing was back. Could Scott be in her even deeper? She looked over her shoulder at Scott. He smiled at her and stroked her cheek lovingly. "You're doing great," he said.
"Lean back into him. Great," said Martin. "Now we can really see you."
Kelly felt the hot eye of the camera on her. Now they could see everything, Scott's penis going into her, her hole, her clitoris, everything. They could see her tits. They could see her look of slutty excitement as she looked at Martin, looked at them. She could feel them squirting their hot jizz as she gave them everything. "I'm close," she announced. This was becoming a regular thing. She faltered in her rhythm as she felt it coming, then it subsided. She worked some more, and got close, she was about to announce she was cumming, then her foot slipped. "Dang!" she said.
"Let me take over for a while," said Scott.
He held her by the butt with both hands. He pistoned up into her like a jackhammer. It was bumping. It was punchy. It was slick. It was the most excruciating pleasure. "Oh yeah-ah-hahah-hahah-hahah-hahah-HAHAH!!" She felt, dizzy, faint. Scott slowed down and stopped. She came off him and curled up onto the couch, panting. "I came so much..." she whimpered.
"Let's try another position," said Martin.
Scott lifted her, put her ass over her knees on the couch. She felt his dick pushing in. He was pushing into her backside! No, it was just her regular hole, just underneath. "Animals do it this way!" she complained. Scott was fully in her, oh so deep. She felt so open, so nasty and open. She felt so open, and he was so deep.
"It's okay," Scott soothed.
This was perverted. "Don't get my butt juice on you," warned Kelly. "I will NOT lick it off."
"Good to know," said Scott.
Oh God, he was so deep. Everyone was seeing her being bred like an animal, like a bitch dog in heat.
"Are you feeling good?" asked Scott.
"Yeah?" Kelly ventured. His thrusts sped up. He was smacking her ass. Smack! Smack! Smack! It vibrated her and filled her. Electric shocks exploded in her. "Huuuh! Haaaa!" A crying out orgasm escaped her. Perfect for a bitch whore, she thought. As the relentless pounding thrusting pleasure continued she howled, "I'm coming AGAIN! AAAAAAHUH!" Every stroke was filling her and stretching her and shaking all the pleasure straight into her until it exploded. "NAAAAAAH!" She couldn't believe it. She was made to be Scott's bitch in heat. "GUUUUH!" Sparks flew through her. He was so insistent! Her big dog was enjoying his bitch, wasn't he? His snarling, cumming bitch.
Suddenly, she wanted him to do it. Breed her. Fill her. Thinking it made her orgasm, "NNNNNGH!" But no, he was going to stop. She was getting birth control at the student clinic TOMORROW. "URRRR!" She wanted his jism deep in her so badly, "NNNNAAAH!!" so badly. She would have it. How many days? She would ask. "HUH-HWAAAAAH!" She would have it. She would have every freaking drop after this one time. "AAAAAHNN!" She could feel him tensing, ready, so delicious. "MMMMM!!" Almost. Maybe he would? She wanted it desperately. She wanted it with every cell.
Scott had felt Kelly's tight cunt surrender to him. It shuddered and gripped him as she howled in orgasm again and again. Here, he had a firm grip on her tight little butt, and she was turned away from him. It was more impersonal. Her body teased him, coaxed him. He knew she owned him. She had infinite power over him. It was time to give her everything. Cumming in her would be so fucking satisfying. He steeled himself. He could feel that her whole body was thirsting for it, waiting for it, trembling for it, coaxing it from him, he knew it, he felt it. This was the moment. Deep in her tiny cunt. Take it all! His hips locked into her. "RAAAAAH!"
Kelly thrilled. Scott's penis pulsed hot, wet, everywhere deep and fulfilling inside her. It filled her, stunned her with joy. She moaned. She woke up. She leapt off the couch like she had been burnt.
She had been burnt! "What did you do?" Kelly demanded. "WHAT DID YOU DO?!"
(To be continued)
Chapter 4: Door
Semen splashed out of Kelly onto the floor. She ran to the bathroom, sobbing, trailing cum, and slammed the door shut. They heard the door lock.
Martin chased after her. "Okay, cameras off."
"Kelly!" shouted Scott through the door, "I'm sterile!"
"Go away!" Kelly shouted through the door.
"I have no sperm!" Scott shouted.
"Fuck you, you lying bastard!" she shouted.
"I'm not lying! I have a doctor report to show you," Scott said. He slid the paper under the door. "Why do you think I get hired for this kind of thing? Do you think Martin needs the legal liability of a woman getting pregnant?"
"It was a prank," called Martin. "This is my fault. Blame me. Scott tried to call it off."
"You mean you planned this all along?" Kelly cried. "You fucking bastards!"
"We didn't lie to you!" said Martin. "You said no sperm. No sperm went into you. You asked for no sperm, you got no sperm. Just not the way you expected. Look, I know you're upset and we should have told you Scott has no sperm. But our subscribers don't like it when our male talent has no sperm, even though many have vasectomies. It's just part of the movie."
"You're still disgusting creeps," said Kelly. She was calming down a little.
"Look," said Martin. "All the other girls who come here have seen porn. We're easy enough to find on the Internet. All the other girls check our site and find out that this is what we're known for. But when the time comes, their performances are fake. This was real. It's honestly the first time someone has actually been tricked," he lied. "I didn't know how much pain this would cause you. I'm really sorry. I'm never going to do this again. If I think the girl might not understand, I'm going to explain it beforehand. It's not worth hurting someone's feelings like this."
"It was a horrible thing to fucking do," said Kelly through the door.
"What can I do to make up for tricking you?" asked Martin. "More money?"
"IF you're not lying about Scott being sterile," Kelly said, "a thousand dollars."
"Done!" said Martin. He had two thousand ready. They were new bills, so they fit easily under the door.
After a minute, the door opened a crack. "Bring me my clothes," said Kelly. Scott gave her clothes to her, neatly folded, through the crack. Kelly shut the door.
A couple of minutes later, Kelly came out of the bathroom fully clothed and gave them both a dark look. She grabbed her purse and sat down to put on her boots.
While she was doing that, Martin asked, "Can I call you next week, just to see how you're doing?"
"No," said Kelly curtly, not looking up.
Kelly got up and went to the door. Scott held it shut and said, "I promise I'll make it up to you if you let me. Let me bring another smile to that face."
Kelly looked at Scott with determination and pulled open the door. Scott didn't stop her.
"Goodbye, Scott," she said. The door fell closed behind her.
(The end?)