For those who enjoy a slightly longer story with build-up, that turns into something darker towards the end.
This is the first time that I have written a cuckold story, would appreciate feedback and let me know if you want a part two.
*
Natural Consequences
"Holly shit, you're so big," came the muffled moan from behind the paper-thin wall.
I lay there, in jealous amazement as my best friend that I had known since the start of secondary school; had presumably just dropped his pants. I couldn't help escape questioning the cruel reality of university life, that after three years had left me a virgin... whilst in contrast Dominic had begun to deep throat the living fuck out of the girl next door during just his freshman week.
Still, more than anything I felt admiration and respect. As the girl chocked and gurgled mercilessly on what I assumed was a massive cock, I thought back at how such a good and honest friend Dominic had been. Since I was 22 years old and Dominic was 18 years old, this age gap had altered our relationship subtly in terms difficult to describe. Although at least in my mind, Dominic was my better in many respects, since I was older and more mature I was somewhat of a role model. I could tell he had a great deal of respect for me.
I heard a rustle from next door, then unexpectedly three quick knocks on my door. "Can I come in Matthew?" Dominic whispered as if only now weary not to awaken his neighbours. I opened the door, before he walked into my room half naked; thankfully, he had at least pulled his pants back up. It was no over-exaggeration to say that he had a chiselled chest, although not excessively muscular his body exhumed masculinity. From his well-defined jawline, broad shoulders to his high cheek-bones Dominic was the definition of handsome.
"Do you have any condoms mate?" he asked.
"Of course," I replied as I pointed to a set of drawers.
As he picked the packet up that hadn't ever been used, he padded myself on my back before skipping back out in a state of horny euphoria. "Don't be too loud," I called after him, "I'm trying to sleep," he gave me a thumbs up before disappearing back into his room. I closed the door and collapsed back on my bed, exhausted from the first day of freshman week.
"I want you to fuck me so hard," I heard the girl moan as I heard the drama continue. Although I almost felt ashamed to be eavesdropping, I didn't feel like I had much choice due to the cheap thin walls. Besides loosing ten or so minutes of sleep, I did have to admit that listening to the noises turned me on. Despite this I still felt awkward as Dominic was my best friend, who thinking back as to when we met, I still just thought of as a kid.
"Shit," Dominic said, "their too small," I heard them chuckle as my heart sank.
"Does your friend have a small dick?" she jibed.
"No, just that I have a big one." Dominic quipped always hesitant to criticise a friend.
I heard some frenzied shuffling before Dominic grunted with a surprisingly commanding tone, "I'll just have to fuck you raw." Although I was confident in my penis size that was around an inch above average, something about his statement drove me crazy. He didn't say anything that was incorrect, nor was he mean; yet despite this I couldn't help but feel lesser.
As the moans of pleasure became louder, my erection became apparent. Due to the springs on the cheap university bed, I was able to hear every swift thrust as Dominic pounded into her. "Oh yes, fuck me harder," I heard her cry as to my amazement the pace increased. In past my mind had wondered what Dominic's sex must be like, however hearing it like this was a far more visceral and erotic experience than I could have imagined. To my regret, images of him bent over her started to flood my mind. Their naked bodies entwined around each other, as he continued to pound without restraint. His hands grasping her breasts as he heaved himself into her with an unforgiving force.
I shook my head to free myself from such thoughts. He was my best friend; it didn't feel right to think of such things. Unexpectedly the cries of pleasures ceased to a low muffle, as If Dominic had covered her mouth with his hand, "Quiet, Matthew is trying to sleep," he whispered; as I heard a few slow and tender thrusts the act had now turned into a slow sensual tussle. Suddenly he let his hand go, I heard the moans resume, now more intimate in nature.
In a moment of weakness, I found my hand down inside my pants as I imagined their naked bodies slowly moving between each other. Catching myself on I immediately pulled my hand out, and with a sense of guilt I folded my pillow over my head as to block out the noise. I started to try and think about anything else, hoping that they would soon be finished. My mind fleeted back to when we were just in school together, Dominic seemed so innocent, though undoubtedly the same brazen carelessness lay inside as today. The poignancy of my thoughts wasn't lost as the pace started back up again, the thin wall nor my pillow was thick enough to conceal her screams.
"Oh yes fuck me Dominic, F-fuuuck me!" I heard her yell repeatedly.
This continued for what seemed like a painful amount of time, before an abrupt thud shook even my bed, as I realised Dominic must have been fucking her up against the wall. I unfolded my pillow and watched as the thin plaster wall visibly shook. The thought of Dominic stood strong; her legs wrapped around him as every thrust threw her up against the wall was... unfortunately enough for me to almost lose control.
Before I could give into temptation, I forced myself to stand up and leave the room with blanket in arm. Walking down the hallway towards the communal kitchen, I could still hear the cries of pleasure echo after me. Falling on the sofa, I pulled the blanket over me as I resigned myself to an uncomfortable night's sleep. As Dominic fucked his brains out, the cries of pleasure still faintly audible, I once again couldn't escape questioning the cruel reality of university life.
• • •
I set my alarm early, therefore being able to return to my dorm room before anyone had seen where I had spent the night, especially Dominic. I had thankfully got a good sleep somehow and looked forward to the day ahead. Getting changed, I gazed out my second-floor window at a beautiful oak as it swayed in the brisk autumn air. Noticing that the time was fast approaching 9'oclock, I was concerned not to hear any noise from Dominic's room. I knew he had his first lecture in ten or so minutes, although knowing Dominic I wasn't particularly surprised that he was oversleeping.
Knocking on the door a quick three times as he had done mine, I shouted,
"Dominic, you need to wake up,".
I had to repeat this over the next few minutes until a response came, "alright alright,
I'm up," followed by a deep yawn.
As I waited in the hallway, I heard shuffling from inside as he got ready. Dominic was new to the university, so I had offered to show him around campus and help him find his lectures. However, he would almost certainly be late to this next class. Opening the door, he hurriedly hopped into his last shoe as I caught a glance of the gorgeous blonde collapsed belly first on his bed, wearing nothing but socks.
"Come on let's go, I'll be late," Dominic pulled me along, leaving his door unlocked.
I leaned back and pulled it shut for the sake of privacy, before following.
"How was last night?" I asked as we descended the stairs.
"It was fucking amazing bro, this girl was super-hot," he replied excitedly, "Can't believe you've been keeping all these girls secret from me whilst you were at uni."
I laughed; I didn't dare admit that I was still a virgin. I had told him I had lost my virginity when I was 19 years old, much to my embarrassment I knew Dominic had lost his virginity a lot earlier. Even in my lies, I lost my virginity late. Though this wasn't to make the lie more believable, if perhaps a little; rather I genuinely wanted to be open with Dominic and let him know that I had difficulties with women. However, Dominic was the kind of person not to care about such things, and I mean this in the nicest way possible. To him, it wouldn't matter at what age you lost your virginity as everyone is different.
"Well beyond gratuitous sex, there is this one girl I'm quite interested in called Emily," I confided. I continued as Dominic gave me a gentle fist bump on my shoulder, "though I've never had the courage to take things further than being friends." Not to seem too pathetic, I didn't let on that I had been secretly admiring this girl for the past 3 years of my course; and had essentially fallen in love.
"That's great man, if you are good friends already then all you need to do is subtly ask if she is interested," Dominic replied, "if she is then awesome, if not you can just remain friends."
I knew this much already, though by hearing Dominic think the same way I hoped to gain the extra confidence I needed. Also, it would be a lie that I wasn't low-key boasting by making it clear that I was in the pursuit of a serious relationship rather than the meaningless sex he craved. This is how I interpreted the difference in maturity between Dominic and myself.
This wasn't to say Dominic hadn't had any serious relationships before, one had lasted year's up until relatively recently before university split them apart. All the qualities that made him a good friend were certain to make him a good boyfriend, far better than the majority of disloyal fuck boys out there.
"Here it is, third floor," I said pointing towards the university building.
"Thanks mate, I'll see you tonight," he replied as he jogged on.
I stood there for a moment as I watched him cut across the grass, in his expensive Nike trainers and his hole cut jeans. We didn't have much in common anymore, I was studying architecture and he had just started law. We had no time to share our love of videogames after I joined university and he found a serious girlfriend a few years back. Plus, Dominic was always much more of a free spirit and more confident than I was.
However, whilst being around Dominic I felt almost as self-confident, having a friend like him made me feel almost unstoppable. Ultimately we were still friends as we were both good decent people, and I think we recognised that in each other.

• • •
It had started to rain as we sat inside our lecture theatre. Watching Emily present at the front with a few of her group members, I realised that I could be entirely content just watching her from afar. She was frightfully beautiful, with lush brunette hair and an adorably shy demeanour that all the guys loved. Though more importantly, she was intelligent, caring and a joy to be around. Even if deep down I might have known she was way out of my league, we had become good friends who enjoyed each other's company from time to time.
Over the three years of my university course, life had become calm and predictable. I found solace and comfort in the soothing repetitiveness. Although nothing about my life was remarkable, I had a few good friends and was doing well at university. As I watched her, so filled with energy, genuinely impassioned yet adorably nervous; I let my mind wonder.
For so long I had been waiting for myself to break free into a naturally confident and engaging person similar to Dominic, however over the past few years I realised that this would never come to fruition. People rarely change. Perhaps this is just who I am and being self-assured with this reality is where I could find real confidence. Finding my place in the world, and thus being valued by those who I surrounded myself with.
"This is why architects need to take a leading role in tackling global warming," Emily finished to an applause. Although if anyone else had said this line it would have seemed clichéd, somehow it sounded so genuine and fitting for Emily. I found myself clapping slightly longer for her presentation, though of course no longer than could have been noticed.
As I continued to think, I saw a bright future for myself ahead. I would have a reasonable job after I left university and would always have a few friends to hang out with. However, to be totally content I knew that I needed to make one change for my life to be in place. If not Emily, as how at this stage would I know if we were truly meant for each other; I needed the confidence to find myself a partner.
"What did you think Matthew?" Emily interrupted my thoughts as she returned to her seat, "it wasn't too corny?"
"Corny is what these lecturers eat up," I half-joked.
We exchanged a few witticisms before settling to watch the rest of the presentations, as I reserved the real answer to that question in my thoughts (utterly outstanding) We had not sat together entirely on purpose, although we were good friends I found myself sitting apart from her at times as to keep a comfortable distance. As if the further our relationship developed, might the risk of some form of rejection increase. I was aware of this weakness of mine and had realised it was immature and irrational.
Before long I presented my project. Speaking about problems I did not care about, though making very sure I seemed to care about them. Projecting loud and confidently, as to ensure I looked confident although it was all a façade. I at least admired my ability to fake confidence when I needed to, however lingering; I found public speaking relatively simple. Yet whenever I was alone with someone such as Emily, my mind always raced to think of the right thing to say; often to never come.
"Well done," Emily praised as I returned to my seat, "I could never talk so confidently."
I smiled.
The day went by slowly, as the early days of school always do. Though when we were assigned a new group semester project, I started to panic. Although I had a few friends, they had their own circles and I would feel awkward filling a place a better friend of theirs could have. How I much preferred automatically assigned groups, their reassuring predictability. This time was different however, contemplating needing to make a change and realising that I was sitting beside Emily; I was going to cease upon the opportunity.
"Do you want to be partners?" I asked as she looked around the room.
She smiled and nodded, "Sure, sounds good, you can do the speeches," we laughed and for a moment I felt genuinely happy; perhaps even elated that I had Emily for a partner!
Of course, I knew she would say yes, would be awkward otherwise. However, having the confidence to ask and being in a position where I did not feel as if I was imposing gave me hope. Even better, though also to add to my anxiety, how the class numbers worked out meant that we would be one of the few two person groups. "This means we will be extra busy," Emily said as she squinted; both of us now dreading the sleepless nights that any such project would inevitably dictate.
"I'm sure we can do something great," I replied. Content in the fact that we were both good students, I knew this wouldn't be problem.
"Here Emily do you want to be with us?" I heard one of her friends ask from across the aisle.
"No no, I'm with Matthew this time," she replied joyfully; I smiled over at them.
Realising I felt a similar confidence when I was around Dominic, I felt thankful that I had such good people in my life. I might have asked if Emily wanted to join her friends, though honestly I was too selfish to tempt fate. I needed to make a change; now however small I was making a change.

• • •
The day went quicker from then on. Although to my disappointment Emily split off with her friends for lunch, and I found myself eating alone in the park as I had done countless times before; I was happier than most days on account of having Emily as technology partner. Later, we caught up again and talked about our project for around an hour. We had to analysis a famous building by Louis Kahn, I had rented a book from the library to help us.
In the end, we decided that I would make a model of the building, whilst she would focus drawing up plans and elevations of the building. I was looking forward to making something wonderful to impress Emily. For once, I started to feel like I genuinely cared about a project if perhaps for alternative reasons. Keen to steer the topic away from work, I asked her a semi-personal question.
"How are you enjoying the new uni year?"
She smiled, "It's good, at least now it is, before we all get so busy."
I smiled sympathetically, "Any plans for tonight?"
"Oh yea, me and a few friends are going out clubbing, will be a blast," she replied jubilantly.
"Sounds awesome," I replied as she started to look on her phone.
The nature of Emily's innocence meant that I couldn't be offended by the lack of invitation to what sounded like a girl's night out; the thought probably didn't even cross her mind. As we sat there in silence in the student hub, Emily most likely checking Instagram; I had run out of things to say. Though it was still nice, if only appreciated by one of us, to just sit together for a few minutes in silence. As usual I didn't want to seem too clingy, so although deep down I wanted nothing else than for this evening to continue all night; I was wise enough to say my kind goodbyes.
"We'll talk soon," I said as I got up to leave.
"Of course, I'll let you know how I'm getting on," she replied, glancing away from her phone for a second.
"See ya later," I said as I walked away.
It was perhaps naïve of me to have hoped we could have clicked. We got on well together as good friends, though nothing to indicate that she was interested in anything further. Though I was also aware that I was being foolish if I were to expect otherwise, I needed to break out of my shell and continue to take risks if she was going to be interested. Today was a good start, and who knows what the future might entail.
Back in my dormitory, whilst eating toast with a couple of friends, I was at least pleased that they had noticed my time with Emily. "Are you two dating?" Ellen asked; almost causing me to choke on my water. Laughing I shook my head, as Dominic walked through the door.
"Hey what's so funny?" Dominic asked as he flopped down on the armchair in front of me, resting his legs out on the table.
"Matthew dating this super-hot chick," quipped James as if it were so unbelievable for me to pull off.
I had known James and Ellen through my course, so they only knew my best friend Dominic in passing. "That's fantastic, did you ask her out Matthew," Dominic asked ignoring the teasing.
"No, but we are now sharing a project together," I replied.
Dominic grinned, "You doug, this man knows how to play the long-game," we laughed. Dominic always found a way of making you feel better, it came natural to him.
"How was your first day?" I asked.
"Boring," he replied, "though I tell you, there are a load of banging chicks in my class, I can already tell this is going to be a good year."
"Don't want to be kept awake every night" I joked; everyone laughed, and Dominic even looked slightly embarrassed.
"Let's go out tonight guys, who knows?" he replied as he gestured over to me and James.
"Hey, girls can have fun too," Ellen interrupted.
I made dinner for us most nights, that thanks to my modest cooking skills was pasta rather than the basic student crap. I didn't mind and was happy to help, Dominic in return was meant to do the washing up even though most times he forget. Instead tonight we headed straight out to the clubs, looking forward to a night out with good friends. Although I had known Dominic ages, we had never actually gone to a club together. I knew it would be a blast and was secretly curious to see Dominic flirting.
• • •
"Will I be your wingman tonight?" Dominic asked as we approached the first establishment.
I laughed, "I'm not looking for a girl Dominic, just a good time."
He shook his head, "Those two things are inseparable mate," pulling me aside to the sidewalk; he rested his arm on my shoulder. "Look, I have to be honest with you, you never know how things will work out with girls. Or with Elaine, or.... Sorry what's her name?"
"Emily," I replied.
"Yes, you never know. You need to just enjoy yourself for now, you're not dating anyone are you?"
I shook my head and realised that he was right, even if misremembering her name pissed me off Dominic always knew best when it came to enjoying yourself. Also, If I was going to have any chance with Emily sexually, I needed experience. "Sure then, let's do this," I replied boisterously, as he pulled me inside.
The music was deafening, as a sea of people danced around each other. Following Dominic through the crowd to the bar, we quickly lost my other friends in the shuffle. Dominic ordered drinks for us both, as I tried to thank him I realised we could hardly hear each other. Gesturing with his hand, I had noticed he had ordered two drinks for himself as he pointed towards a group of girls.
I smirked and shook my head as he walked up towards them. I watched from afar, as he started to talk to them, all four stunningly gorgeous. I could see him point over at me; they didn't look impressed though they had seemed disinterested from the start. Shaking their heads Dominic offered them his extra drink, as one of their girls pointed to some guy who must have been their boyfriend.
He shook his head in disappointment before returning back, much to my satisfaction Dominic wasn't infallible with the ladies it seemed. "Patience Matthew, patience," he shouted as he screamed over the deafening pop music, "Don't take it personally, they were not even interested in me." Although undoubtably his intention was kind and harmless, I couldn't help noticing the subtle put down in that sentence. Though honestly, it was a totally valid point, even if it did hurt a little though.
Quickly forgetting, we soon met up with James and Ellen again and danced for a while. After a few more drinks, I started to get in the rhythm and have a great time. I wondered if there was any chance of us running into Emily, hoping beyond the extreme unlikelihood that tonight might end better between us two.
Sometime later I noticed Dominic talking to a girl, a gorgeous blonde in a short dress with tall leather boots. I smiled as I saw her face lit up talking to Dominic, he was finally hitting it off with someone. As he gestured over to me, I almost pretended to look away in embarrassment before approaching them with a smile.
Dominic the ever-dutiful wingman brought me over with his arm around my back. I could tell however that her smile was now forced, as her eyes seemingly darted back between me and Dominic eying us up. Suddenly my head was filled with the comparisons she must have been making between the two of us, how much more handsome and confident he looked.
"This is my main man," Dominic shouted, "He is a great honest gentleman" I was at least relieved that he was too drunk at this stage to notice any of her fleeting glances or insincere expressions.
"Hey, my name is Alice," she shouted over to me as we embraced. I was sure she was just being kind, unless of course I was inventing all these insecurities in my head.
"Matthew is going to be an architect Alice," Dominic continued, "I'll let you guys catch up." Dominic padded me on the back before disappearing back into the crowd, leaving me to awkwardly grin at Alice without the faintest inclination as to how to proceed. She seemed so out of my league, a credit to Dominic's respect for me that he paired me up with her. Even though I just wanted out of the situation at that point due to all its awkwardness, I decided to fake some confidence in light of Dominic's faith in his old friend. Pulling her over to the bar, I ordered us a couple of drinks and started to talk.
"How are you enjoying university?" I asked.
Despite not hearing her reply in the slightest due to the music, I nodded and smiled in agreement. She then led me by her hand over to a quitter lounge area, where we sat down together to talk. Alice was quite entertaining and smart. She was studying psychology and talked about how she wanted to help people cope with grief and loss after her experience of losing her father. However, I couldn't exactly appreciate the sincerity of her words the same way as with Emily.
In comparison, my talk about architecture seemed trivial at least to me, though somehow Alice did seem interested. With the alcohol helping and the conversation livening up a bit, I felt confident enough to be more honest. Slowly I found myself talking more and more about my personal life. How I felt I needed to make a change, and that thankfully I had great people in my life such as Dominic and Emily to help encourage that.
"Dominic does seem nice," Alice added, "though he just looks like one of those fuck boys who has a new conquest every night."
I laughed; she was right that he looked like one of those guys; though I knew he was also much more than that.
"How do you feel about Emily, sounds like you enjoy spending time together?" Alice inquired.
Perhaps by studying psychology Alice was more perceptive than most, I was aware I should answer this question carefully if I were to have a chance with her tonight. Despite this, being honest for once and confiding in someone had been a gratifying experience. I wanted to be honest. I paused for a moment of contemplation, giving my next words more resonance.
"She is special," I replied, Alice smiling as she appreciated my honesty.
"Does she not like you back? Is that the problem?"
"No, no," I replied, "I just don't know."
She nodded before resting her hand on mine and looking into my eyes, "You need to be brave if you're going to ever find out. For now, there is nothing wrong with us just having some fun." I smiled, realising I had received the same advice from Dominic. Alice was a good girl, and evidently wasn't looking for anything serious.
My mind started to panic as I realised this could be the night I lost my virginity, as she bent over to kiss me I couldn't almost belief my luck. I must have almost blushed as she leaned back, before pulling me back to the dance floor. In the corner of the room I saw Dominic making out with another stunning blonde girl, totally engrossed it seemed as if we were both going to get lucky tonight.
I smiled as I joined Alice on the dance floor. For the next hour we danced together along with Dominic and a few other friends I had noticed from my year. As Dominic had undoubtably intended, tonight was turning out to be great fun for us all. Even though Dominic had somehow found one of the few girl's more attractive than Alice, I had nothing but respect for the game he played. As the night edged on, I noticed Dominic leaving with this new girl, probably back to his dorm.
"She is a lucky girl," I remarked; not realising how it must have sounded.
"Sorry?" Alice asked, not quite hearing as she looked over at Dominic leaving.
I shook my head, "never mind," as I kissed her on the cheek.
She glanced up at me, surmising what I must have said she added, "I'm a lucky girl too."
• • •
As we walked back arm in arm to my dorm, I couldn't belief that this was finally happening. Despite being a virgin, I felt confident in my abilities. I was sure I was going to surprise her, and hopefully satisfy her sexually. From looking at me, I suspect she didn't expect much. As I looked forward to the night ahead, I couldn't help feel gratitude for Dominic, for helping this to happen. To my delight I passed a few of my friends as we headed back, a couple of guys nodded in respect. Finally, I was just one of the guys, even if it did take 3 years into university life.
Walking done the hallway, we laughed as we heard the screams of pleasure emanating from Dominic's bedroom. I shook my head in disbelief, as undoubtably everyone could hear their cries on the dorm floor. Passing his door that had a sock hanged over the handle, I unlocked my door.
"Jesus, she is lucky holly shit," Alice said as we entered my room.
Locking the door behind me, we sat down beside each other on my single bed and started making out. Moving my hand towards her, I hesitated where to place it, before she guided it down to her lap. I moved my other hand behind her hair, caressing her as I kissed her smooth lips. A few moments later we heard a loud grunt from next door, definitely from Dominic. Pausing, we looked at each other in amusement.
Jumping off the bed I went over to my vinyl player, playing whatever was already set up in an attempt to try and muffle out the cries of pleasure from next door.
"Do you have protection?" Alice asked as I started to panic, realising that I had lent Dominic my only condoms the previous night.
"I've got some in my clutch, here you go," Alice said to my relief as she handed me a packet.
Looking at her in embarrassment, she smiled turning away to give me privacy. As Sympathy for the Devil started to play I slid the condom over my already erect penis, I couldn't belief what I was doing right next to a gorgeous girl. To my surprise she sneaked a look, nodding her head and grinning. "Yea surprising, your quite big," she said, as she reached out her hand and began fondling.
Although my dick was only slightly above average at 6.7 inches in length and not particularly thick; I happily took the complement. The sensation felt incredible, being so used to jerking yourself off this was a whole new experience. I couldn't imagine Dominic had a hand job through a condom though. As the music built up, I took the initiative and pushed her onto my bed. "Wait, turn the lights off," she said, stopping me just before I went for her breasts.
Returning, I started to move my hands around her body. All I could do was imagine her gorgeous body in the low light of the moon, feeling the curves and the silky-smooth skin as we explored each other's body. She took her top off whilst I hunched over her, revealing generously sized breasts as she fondled my dick.
She let out a few gasps of pleasure as I leaned in for a kiss, exchanging tongues for the first time was exhilarating whilst we continued this slow romp for a few more minutes. Admittedly, since I was ashamed of my quite skinny and almost frail body I was thankful that she had requested for lights where turned off. "Are you ready?" I asked as I pulled her trousers down to her knees.
"Of course, this isn't my first time," she replied. Sitting still for a moment, she sensed my insecurity. "You've got this, it's not that hard. Just stick your dick in and out," we laughed as I guided my penis towards her.
Sliding inside her, she reached her arm over my shoulder and tussled my hair. I started off slowly and sensually, as we continued to kiss. Then after a few minutes I increased the pace, and I started to realise that it wasn't all that difficult. I knew I didn't want to finish too early, so I purposefully distracted myself from both the incredible sensation of losing my virginity and the unbridled cries of enjoyment from next door. Even if all we could make out was our darkened figures next to each other I could tell she was enjoying herself.
"Don't worry," she said as the moans of pleasure continued from next door, "I'm not one of those girls, and trust me no girl gets that much pleasure from a dick unless your filming porn." We broke out laughing as I realised she was right before she pushed me over onto my back, climbing on top of me she helped guide my cock inside her.
"Time for me to show you a good time," she soothed as she started to slowly move up and down. Feeling my chest with her hands under my top as I felt her loving embrace, I reached my hands out with a newfound confidence and grabbed hold of her buttocks. "Oh, my cow-boy," she cried, as she increased the pace of her movement. At his stage, I knew I had lasted around ten minutes for what I assumed was quite a commendable amount of time for a virgin. I started to give more of myself to her, becoming present in the moment as I felt the incredible sensations vibrate through my body.
"Your incredible," I said looking up at her, finding the dark shadow moving over me amazingly sensual.
"I'm impressed, I thought virgin boy would only have lasted five minutes," she replied as she started to heave her body up and down at an unforgiving pace; creating pleasure that was almost overwhelming.
"Was it that obvious?" I chuckled as I felt her lush golden hair filter through my fingers, and welcomed every tantalising thrust until finally the pleasure was too much and I let myself give into the incredible sensation. Leaning down onto me as her movement slowed, she kissed me on my cheek before rolling off me onto the bed. We both stared up at the ceiling, as Sympathy for the Devil started to fade out I felt a feeling of euphoria sweep over me. I still could not believe that I had lost my virginity, after all the years of waiting it was definitely worth it.
Suddenly this feeling was interrupted, "You don't mind if I watch some porn to finish myself off do you?" Alice asked as she leaned up against the wall with her phone out.
"No of course not," I replied, a bit taken back as she had started to aggressively flick her pussy even before I had finished answering.
I wondered if I should apologise for not helping her reach an orgasm; though I just dreaded how pathetic that would sound. Then to my horror, I noticed her phone was now lying flat on the bed as she pressed the side of her head up against the wall. I stood there still, in awe of the situation as Alice started to masturbate to the noise coming from next door.
"Oh, fuck yeah," Alice moaned as she appeared to close her eyes, seemingly imagining what might have been happening only a few feet away as the cries continued relentlessly.
"Ah, oh.... OH..... gawd fuck FUCK ME!" she cried as her legs started to squirm in the air.
Standing there, confused, and slightly hurt my admiration for Dominic's newest conquest turned into frustration. As Alice writhed and moaned in more pleasure than during our sex at the mere thought of Dominic fucking this girl next door, I had developed another erection at what must have been the strangest of times.
"Oh, fuck me harder," she cried ignoring my presence as the furious masturbating seemed to reach a crescendo at the supposed thought of my best friend entering her. "Oh yes," she gasped as to my amazement she squirted liquids from between her legs all over my bed. She let herself relax, breathing slowly in and out as if immediately after a frantic workout. Catching my eye, I stood shocked as she let out a laugh.
"Matthew, you know it's perfectly normal for a girl to finish herself off after sex. Happens most of the time, unless your just used to watching porn with their perfectly coordinated orgasms," I nodded realising that she had a fair point even if the whole affair had been quite illicit.
As we cleaned ourselves, I realised that if anyone were having sex next door a similar situation could have occurred; after all who wouldn't get horny with such erotic sounds. Though still, I felt uncomfortable as my friend was the one next door. For the second night in a row I started to regret choosing a room right next door to him.
As Alice pulled up her trousers, she looked at me, "I hope this gives you the confidence you deserve, and that you realise Emily would be fortunate and satisfied with you."
She smiled as she ran her hand down my chin, so caringly, before turning and heading out the door. I watched her go, her words struck me with distinct resonance. I stood there for a moment, as the girl next door continued to moan I realised that for a rare time in my life I was genuinely happy and was looking forward to taking the next step. Falling back on my bed exhausted and still in a euphoric state, the noise of Dominic having sex was not going to keep me up this night.
• • •
Despite having class, I overslept the following morning as I was still reeling from the previous night of pleasure. However, as I got changed I had no regrets as I thought back to the extraordinary events of last night. I was in a chirpier mood as I headed across to the communal kitchen, ignoring the sock still hung-over Dominic's bedroom. Pouring myself some cereal, I watched the glorious view of the park from the window. As it was near noon by this stage, the kitchen was empty, and if even for a moment I was able to appreciate the total silence.
Soon Dominic drifted through the door on a similar high, dressed only in his boxier briefs and still missing one sock to the door handle prop. I had to admire his carefree attitude, even if I couldn't help envy his quite well-built body.
"Hey, my man," he shouted to me as the gorgeous girl followed behind him in her sweatpants. In the light of day, I could fully appreciate how much of a blonde goddess she truly was, although in my mind was still no comparison between Emily. "How was last night?" Dominic enquired in a tone that revealed he knew all too well as he fell back onto the chair. As I was about to reply he continued with genuine excitement, "You sounded like you killed it bro, especially towards the end! Didn't I tell ya coming out was a good idea?"
Despite his words cutting deep as I thought back to Alice masturbating at the end purely to the thought of the unrelenting cries of pleasure from next door, I nonetheless smiled and nodded as I took the compliment.
"Yea it was great, and now I feel like I can ask Emily out," I replied, regaining some of my chirpiness from earlier. As Dominic's girl sat down on the chair opposite, biting down on an apple, and folding her legs we exchanged a brief look. Her face remained expressionless as if wondering why someone like Dominic would be friends with someone like me.
"So, who's this?" I asked whilst gesturing with my hands.
"Iris," Dominic replied, "where is your girl?"
"She headed back," I wondered if girls always had to spend the night with Dominic after the exhaustion he put them through.
"Well, I'm proud of you man. This is going to be a great year for the two of us," if this might have sounded slightly condescending coming from someone else's friend I can assure you it didn't coming from Dominic. Dominic always knew how to make you feel your best self and was genuinely happy on my behalf.
"Do you want anything Iris?" he asked as he walked towards the kitchen; Iris shaking her head in a half-heart response as I realised that she must just be generally emotionless. We sat in silence for a minute, savouring the afternoon tranquillity once last time until Dominic returned with a bowl of cereal.
"Someone really needs to clean those dishes," he said as we looked over at a brimming sink.
Turning to face him with a serious face, I couldn't help but explode with laugher. "It's your job you idiot, I make dinner and you clean-up."
"Oh yeah," he chuckled; meanwhile Iris remained totally expressionless continuing to bite on her apple.
I almost regretted Iris being there, as I wanted nothing else than to talk to Dominic about how last night had gone down in detail. I was also curious to find out how Dominic's night had gone now that I had some info to share in exchange. Though honestly, I still doubted that I would have the nerve to ask such questions. Standing up, I purposefully left my empty cereal bowl on the table as I first bumped Dominic goodbye and embarked on what was to be an eventful day.
"Remember the dishes," I shouted as the kitchen door closed behind me.

• • •
Thinking back to when I first met Dominic, you realise a lot has changed. Although I still had the same slightly nervous demeanour, was as considerate and as studious as I was today; Dominic had more than made up for my lack of change. Although he must have been just shy of 14 years old and lacked any real confidence, you could tell he had incredibly good looks. In a few years' time he would change from looking like a boy to a man, a change I'm still waiting on.
We got connected through a mutual school friend and being in a different year group could hardly prevent us spending most of our time together playing videogames such as GTA 5 and Call of Duty zombies. Those were good times, and I enjoyed winning most of the time (to be fair I did play a lot)
However most of all, it was always great fun to play with him and a couple of other friends. Our age gap didn't make a difference, and even allowed me to indulge in my more immature side for a few more years longer than otherwise. Those long nights of playing GTA 5 races or trying to survive the constant onslaught of Nazi zombies are hard to beat.
At school Dominic had his own group of friends and I had mine. From time to time we talked, though we normally kept within our own circles. As today, whilst I might have few good friends, Dominic on the other hand was always unsurprisingly quite popular. Although we were in an all-boys school, the power dynamics still favoured those with good looks. I couldn't help noticing that all of Dominic's friends were also quite attractive and were what you might call a 'fuckboy'. However, if anything this just gave me more confidence; almost as if I were part of this crowd on some level by being friends with Dominic.
Furthermore, to Dominic's credit he didn't notice any of these observations about school life. He would be perfectly happy to greet or talk to me in front of his friends, I was the only one to find this slightly awkward and embarrassing. Dissimilar to almost all of his friends, Dominic was kind and would never bully or insult anyone.
Not that he wasn't a boring saint or star pupil by any means, often he would arrive late to classes only receive lenient warnings from the female schoolteachers much to everyone's annoyance. Moreover, Dominic had this extremely competitive side to him that always helped him excel at sports or become infuriated when I inevitably beat him at a videogame.
Some nights I would message him if he wanted to play GTA 5 etc... to no reply. Other days in school I would find out he was at a house party, no doubt having more fun than I had ever had. Back then I wasn't jealous, I was content with the repetitive school days that offered a sense of calming certainty.
Dominic was cool, in fact there probably wasn't a better word to describe him. At this young age, in between the shyness and voice cracks there was a confident boisterousness emerging. The reason Dominic sought to be such good friends with me gave me hope and confidence as is still true today. Having a friend such as Dominic was also my futile attempt to climb the social ladder if I were to be totally honest.
• • •
A few days past, I continued to engage more and more with Emily' whilst Dominic continued to fuck a gorgeous girl almost every night. I even learned he had fucked Iris on the kitchen sofa as soon as I had left.
"Sorry I didn't do the dishes mate, Iris and I kind of fooled around in the kitchen instead," he laughed as I couldn't help but feel turned on at the thought of such a scene.
"Wow, where you guys naked?" I couldn't help ask the question as I contemplated the risk of someone walking in.
"Yea, only socks" he replied as an unimaginably hot scene popped into my head.
Of course, I always tried not to think of such things, though I'm sure any normal person couldn't help it. Besides, it was hard to feel that envious of Dominic since things had started to become great with Emily'. We would talk more during class, even at lunch times and about life more generally as opposed to architecture. I had difficulty talking about everyday life, partially as my days were mostly quite boring and since at this age anything inevitably becomes political.
Emily' had a stubborn liberalness that there could only be one right answer to any slight political debate. Of course, this was linked to her unquestioning kindness, although annoying I was still happy to admire this trait on some level. I smiled as this naivety reminded me of Dominic, who's opinions were often unshakeable and oversimplified. They were a perfect fit for a liberal university campus.
I spent night and day working on a timber model for our technology project, working with Emily' would grant me motivation to far exceed by normal standards. As I painstakingly glued little joints of timber together in the late hours of my dorm room with the soft patter of rain against the window, and the cries of pleasure coming from next door; I imagined Emily's reaction to my model. This model was certain to be the best in the class, as I lay slumped asleep over the table.
The following night I texted Alice to come over, apparently fucking her for five minutes gave me exactly the confidence I would need to ask Emily' out the next day. Of course, I felt guilty for having such meaningless sex whilst on great terms with Emily', despite not seeing each other I almost felt like I was cheating. Though if anything this feeling just added to my confidence, as I started to see myself as some sort of a fuck boy akin to Dominic.
Still I didn't let this get to my head; all this delusion was merely to give myself the confidence to ask Emily out. Alice knew this all too well and wished me luck for the next day, although she was confused as to why I hadn't already asked her out.
• • •
I watched her from afar at first, much to my misfortune she seemed even more beautiful and out of my league on the day I was to ask her out. Her silky brunette hair glowing in the sunshine, her gorgeous petite figure bearing no compromise. Sitting down for lunch together, I knew this was the perfect opportunity. Yet I struggled to make my move, was our relationship as close as I hoped or was I just imagining? Then I remembered Dominic's advice, how I just needed to take the jump. Besides, I had just fucked a hot girl in my dorm room twice this week, how could I not muster up the courage to ask Emily out?
"So, how's the model getting on. Can I see it?" asked Emily.
"It's coming on alright, I think you'll be pleased. Will be finished in a few nights time, then we can have the grand reveal," we laughed as I tried to remain modest about my masterpiece.
We talked for some time, as I was cautious not to jump right into the question. Though the more time that passed, the more I started to dread rejection. Though a couple of well landed jokes later these fears had somewhat subsided. As we were just preparing to leave, I mustered all the confidence I could and convinced myself that this was the last chance.
"Hey Emily'," my more serious tone caught her attention, "Would you like to go out this Friday night with me?"
She stared blankly towards me, seemingly confused, as I froze in fear of the impending rejection I had always anticipated; my heartbeat slowing to a still. Finally, she broke the silence in an unsure tone, "Like... together Matthew?"
Another second of silence, before I managed to reply, "Yes," my heart still racing as we glared into each other's eyes. She broke the pause once again, jumping back into her energetic and normal self.
"Of course, Matthew, wasn't quite sure what you were asking at first... though that sounds great!" we laughed as I realised that I had been quite ambiguous.
"How about we go to this dorm party my floor is hosting?" I asked.
"Sure, sounds fun! Will I meet you there?"
"How about I meet you at the door to block 4A at 6pm?" I replied.
"It's a date boyfriend," she replied all giggly and genuinely beaming.
As we got up to leave, she gave me a few fleeting glances with glints in her eyes; it was apparent that we were both impressed that I had had the guts to ask her out. Saying our goodbyes, I quickly returned to the comfort of my dorm room. Collapsing on the bed, folding a pillow over my head, and rolling from side to side I couldn't quite believe what had happened. Even though everything had gone perfectly to plan; I almost started to regret asking her out. Gone was the status quo, that soothing feeling of clarity that through the years had presented few unknowns.
However, sitting up, I knew a much more worthy and meaningful way of life was now calling me forward. Nobody likes to take risks; though one must take them in order to achieve success. Looking over at my table, I stretched before sitting down to continue my work on the model with newfound purpose. Yet I was to find however hard I tried; I couldn't quite take my mind off tomorrow night. I couldn't quite take my mind off Emily; the gorgeous girl I had admired over the past few years that I might now dare to call my girlfriend.
• • •
"Good morning Matthew," Dominic greeted as I mulled over some cereal; thankful for once he was at least changed.
"No girl last night?" I asked.
Chuckling he sat down opposite me, "I've been very lucky the past week, normally I would never get this much sex," at least he was modest about fucking a girl almost every night his first week.
"Well, I finally asked Emily' out," I divulged much to Dominic's delight, "We're hanging out in the dorm party tonight."
"That's fantastic buddy, I'm so proud of you. Would be great to meet her as well," I could tell Dominic was genuinely chuffed.
"You two would get on great together."
He grinned, "I'm sure. She sounds amazing, you are one lucky guy Matthew!"
"Well I'll see you tonight mate," we fist bumped as he stood up to leave to an early class.
"Sure thing, will be a blast," I replied as I finished my cereal.
Shaking my head in quiet disbelief at the bowl he had left behind, I picked it up as I headed over to the sink to clean the dishes. I hardly minded though; my mind was focused entirely on one thing; making tonight a success. The rest of the day was free of classes, so I mostly resigned myself to my room adding the final touches to what turned out to be an exceptional model.
Of course, this technology project only accounted for a quite a significantly minor part of the overall mark, to such an extent that most people wouldn't have spent nearly the number of hours that I had. As I headed out to grab a snack before the party, I figured revealing the model to Emily' tonight was certain to impress.
• • •
Standing outside at 5.57pm, in jeans a shirt and a blazer I waited for Emily'. Careful not to arrive too early as to seem needy, or too late as to seem uncouth. Despite my raised heartbeat, sweaty palms, and high nerves I was confident in myself. I was also curious to see how Emily' would come dressed, an important indicator as to how she viewed tonight. As I waited a few other students passed me in typical student rags swinging six-packs over their shoulders, who must have also been coming for the dorm party. Soon 6.05 pm arrived and fearing that I would seem desperate for waiting so long I returned into the dorm.
Pacing up the steps, I stood at the top of the first flight and peeked through the window across the field. Ten minutes later I saw Emily' emerge from around the corner of the opposite building, accompanied with a couple of female friends much to my annoyance. However, standing out amongst the crowd she was dressed in a gorgeous full-length navy dress with stunning high heels. Timing was perfect, as I walked out the front door I waved over to them as if I had just arrived, greeting Emily' with a hug.
"Looking smart Matthew," Emily' complemented.
"You too," I replied before I was interrupted by her friends introductions.
"Follow me," I held the door open for them before leading them up the stairs to the correct floor; relieved that Emily definitely held tonight in high regard if her dress was any indicator. Although I had already thought of a few questions I could ask, with her friends tagging along I had to improvise slightly.
"Is this the first dorm party you've all been to?" I asked, leaving the question open to anyone.
"Oh, us two have been to lot's," Emily's friends answered, before turning to Emily' for her answer.
I noticed that they must not have been such close friends, perhaps Emily had brought them last minute to ease up the pressure of tonight. "Well Matthew you know how busy architecture is, I only get to a few parties each year," I laughed and nodded in agreement.
Still, a few a year was much better than my record, even if I had had to sleep through countless. "This is my first actually," I felt pleased that I had the confidence to be honest; not that I imagined I would have given off the impression of a rampant party goer regardless.
"We'll be showing you how things are done tonight then," one of Emily's more confident friends teased as we entered the communal kitchen.
The night was early, so only a half dozen people had arrived. We poured ourselves a few drinks, stood in a circle and started talking. The next while was spent introducing myself to Emily's friends, how I knew Emily' and what our course was like. I could see why Emily' had brought them, they were certainly a good way of breaking the ice. Regardless, before the party started to get too crazy I was keen to set my plan in motion.
"Oh yea," pretending to just remember, "want to see the model Emily'?"
"Is it done?" she replied enthusiastically.
"Almost, though you might as well see it," I replied trying to keep my tone relaxed and modest. I must add that unlike most students at university, architecture students in general and especially Emily' and I were quite passionate about the quality of work. Nevertheless, this was a good tactic to get a few minutes of alone time with Emily'. As I opened my dorm room, to my surprise I heard Dominic call from down the hallway; accompanied by a young woman.
"Yea Matthew!" he shouted, "you plough that girl!" I looked over at Emily' before we both erupted in nervous laughter.
"No no I'm just showing her my architectural model," I replied as they passed me, the girl padding me on my back as I turned to realise that it was Alice!
"Sure, sure Matthew, you show her that model," Dominic teased as he let his back fall through the kitchen door whilst giving us a goofy grin. We both continued to laugh at Dominic's jokes as we entered my room, leaving the door purposefully open as to not send the wrong message.
"He is funny, isn't he? Your friend," Emily' said as she bent down to look at my model.
"Yea, he is a good guy though," I replied, as I watched eagerly for her reaction.
"This is quite remarkable," she muttered studying the model, "really rather detailed, must have taken ages."
I smiled, almost blushing and not immediately quite sure how to reply.
"I'm glad you think so," I truly was.
Standing back up and jumping in for another surprise hug, Emily' shouted much to my surprise, "Now let's get fucking wasted and forget all this crap," before kissing me on the cheek and walking out the door.
She had a wild side that I was all too eager to explore, as I followed her lead. It was as if the mood of the party had changed in-between the short period we had gone, the lights were dimmed and outside was now pitch dark. We drank and awkwardly danced to pop music for the next hour, although I was careful to keep mostly sober I also knew a couple of drinks had always helped my confidence. I caught a few glimpses of Dominic and Alice making out during the party, as I contemplated the unlikely coincidence that they had met and if they had had sex yet; worse still what comparisons might arise if they had.
Though honestly, I was perfectly happy for them both; they were a good match in so far as casual sex was concerned. I had found Emily', a girl in my eyes much more attractive, intelligent and gracious than any other woman in the world. "You really do look stunning in that dress," I shouted over the music to her as we danced in each other's embrace; Emily glowing with happiness as she appreciated being admired.
Without the much-needed help of alcohol, dancing normally always felt awkward to me. Though somehow, in this moment with Emily, everything seemed so natural as I welcomed her soft soothing embrace. Once Dominic and Alice joined our little dance group, I was all too aware of how intimate our dance had become. As Dominic playfully swirled Alice around, we stood slowly rocking in each other's arms savouring each other's presence. Dominic did at least encourage us to liven up a bit, as we danced together for the next hour we tried to just have some mindless fun!
This part of the night went by in a blur since dancing and drinking was all one could really do. Of course, Emily' Alice and a few other girls all disappeared at one point for the obligatory communal bathroom break. Though this gave Dominic and I the chance to catch up, as we sat in a quitter corner of the room. With the aid of alcohol, I felt no reason to hold anything back.
"So, did Alice tell you anything about our sex?" Dominic laughed at the absurdity of the question and shook his head.
"She approached me actually, kind of odd," Dominic pondered, "though I really do want to make sure you're happy me seeing her. As I know you two had a few nights out together before Emily'."
"Of course, of course, I'm committed to Emily' now. Looking for something more serious than just a fling," thankfully I was the only one who caught on to my back-handed swing at Dominic's lifestyle. Soon the girls re-joined us by the sofa's, and the party had now entered the quitter phase when the music was lowered, and most other people had either surrendered or continued the party elsewhere; including Emily's friends much to my relieve.
• • •
"Want to play truth or dare?" Alice asked, quite excited at the thought.
"Sure," Dominic agreed with equal enthusiasm leaving little choice for the rest of us to opt out.
I had never played the game before, nevertheless I would be happy to have fun with my good friend and Emily. Unlike them, I had rarely attended parties or social gatherings; normally too shy to risk any potential awkwardness that might arise.
"I'll go first," Dominic said as he spun a beer bottle on the table. The bottle swivelled, before spinning to an abrupt stop in front of Alice. "Truth or dare?" Dominic asked as Alice blushed; much to our amusement.
"Truth", she replied after a second of hesitation.
"Okay okay," Dominic slightly taken back as to what to think of. Edging forward as a question came to him, "When did you lose your virginity?"
"Jesus," I said as Alice gasped.
Emily fist bumped Dominic on the shoulder in playful annoyance, as Alice blushed and replied, "I was kind of late. Only a few years ago on my prom night."
"That's not late! I lost my virginity when I was 19 years old" Emily confessed; her self-confidence and honesty admirable.
"Same as Matthew," Dominic added, I smiled as I noticed him subtly trying to connect us two. Next Alice spun bottle, this time landing on me much to my displeasure.
"Dare," I said confidently (if only a show)
"Alright settle down," Dominic laughed as the game started to become more tense.
Alice paused, glancing over at me and then at Emily in embarrassment before daring, "Kiss her."
My eyebrows perked up in surprise, and we burst into laughter. Though before I could react, Emily had leaned over and planted a kiss of my lips; before placing her finger on my mouth as if to shush me. Crawling back over, she left me quite speechless as Dominic shook his head in respect. I appreciated Alice helping to set us up together, although a little bit obvious Emily was either too tipsy to notice at this stage or just welcomed the opportunity. Then once my turn arrived, as if trying to impress through my bottle twirling skills, the bottle over-spun and slid off the table.
Dominic swiftly caught the bottle before it hit the floor, "guess that's me then, truth" he said as my over-confidence ended up making Dominic just look cool. There were so many questions I had for Dominic, although normally I would always ask a boring question, I had started to feel more natural and confident. Nobody wants an imposter, as corny as this maybe I needed to start being myself.
"Would you rather never have sex again, or let me die?" I asked, letting out a nervous laugh once the words escaped my mouth. Dominic bent back, scratching his head as I realised how immature my question must have sounded; if anyone other than myself even cared that was.
"Damn, well you know you're a great friend," he paused, "I would have to choose you."
I fist bumped him, as the girls blushed at our bromance. Though I couldn't help but feel a little bit annoyed, it was as if I wanted him to let me die (I would of honestly let him die in such a position) Dominic is always so kind, although he always seems so genuine that you can't doubt his honesty; it's still hard to believe at times.
Spinning the bottle once again, this time Alice was picked much to her excitement (clearly the only one who truly enjoyed this game) "Oh well guess I'll go dare this time, just no kissing!" she laughed.
"Damn, you sure?" Dominic asked as if let down, before leaning over closer to her much to our curiosity. Pausing for a brief second, before lurching forward, grasping her neck, and leaning over her as they engaged in a slow continuous kiss directly in front of us. I shook my head in embarrassment as I saw his tongue move around her mouth, and rogue saliva roll down her cheek.
"That's enough, Jesus," Emily shouted as she pushed Dominic away after what seemed like half a minute.
We laughed as I admired Dominic's tenacity, seemingly without care that we were watching him. Playing on for quite some time, in-between the girl's more emotional questions and our more sexually themed dares we must have bonded quite well. The stakes were constantly being raised, and as always Dominic was the one pushing the boundaries and getting the most laughs. "What's the best sex you've ever had," Dominic asked Alice as my heart jumped a beat.
She blushed as she glanced over at me, then at Dominic. I honestly doubt if Dominic had fully thought through the potential implications of such a question, although I knew he had a boisterous competitiveness side to him that didn't care. For a second I hoped Alice would catch on, though she replied confidently without hesitation... "Must be you," she said, throwing her hand over her mouth as she gasped in embarrassment.
The girls laughed and even rolled over onto each other in amusement, as I joined in with the laughter to not seem awkward I was at least thankful Emily wouldn't have known that we had previously had sex. "How was it?" Emily asked amidst the nervous laughter. Although my mind couldn't have expected such at question, I was probably more curious to know the answer than anyone.
"I'm not going to say," Alice protested, "Come on tell us!" I all too quickly interrupted.
"No, I really shouldn't say, I'm sure Dominic wouldn't want to be embarrassed."
"Embarrassed? Dominic smirked, with an obvious inference.
Although initially curious, I found myself ceasing the brief moment of silence that followed and spun the bottle, skipping a go in the process. I almost regretted the bottle landing on Dominic again, as I started to feel as if the attention was focusing more and more on him. Though I quickly caught myself to such childish jealousy and returned to hiding behind my façade of confidence. For some reason in that moment, I felt myself thinking that Dominic was not going to win this game; that I would not let him.
"Have you ever been in love?" I asked him with an unknowing smirk on my face.
He shook his head in disbelief and laughed, "I didn't even say truth, and it's Alice's go anyway," after snatching the bottle from my hands and handing it back over he paused in thought. "No, I haven't, haven't found the right one yet."
I felt slightly ashamed and awkward, as they continued to play I could not help regretting how I had acted. Although Dominic seemed fine, I should never of felt the reason to have asked such a question that purposefully sought to put him down. I needed to be a better friend, as he was for me.
"My go then," as he spun the bottle it came to an unforgiving still facing Alice.
"Dare," she replied as a smirk appeared upon Dominic's face and I was abruptly interrupted from my thoughts.
• • •
We watched in anticipation, somehow the tension that had been secretly building up had suddenly released for us all to bear. I looked from Dominic's piercing eyes, following his gaze that was staring directly into Alice's coy expression. Although the party had died down considerably by this stage, in my mind everything had fallen silent as we awaited the inevitable escalation.
"Kiss me," Dominic said plainly.
We all must of gave a sigh of relief, "I was expecting something much more," I chuckled as the two leaned in and exchanged a single courteous kiss; the lips barely touching.
As Alice backed away she faltered for a second, before leaning towards Dominic once again and planting another kiss. Emily and I sat silently as we watched Alice wrap her arm around Dominic's back, twirling his hair as their lips joined once more. This time they stayed locked together, the couple seemed frozen for a brief second as a sense of oncoming dread overcame me.
"Come on guys you only needed to kiss once," you could hear the discomfort in my voice.
Though as Alice ran her fingers through his coarse hair, as they grabbed hold of a few strains and as I saw Dominic's tongue swell within her cheeks; I realised it was all but too late. Suddenly the kissing intensified, their heads tussled, their tongues rampantly exploring each other as a kiss turned into a brutal, wet protracted snog. I saw Emily blush and throw her hand over her mouth in awe, whilst Dominic held the back of Alice's neck to allow an even greater intensity to penetrate her mouth.
I stood frozen, unsure how to react as the two seemingly continued without a care for who was watching; totally absorbed in their passionate embrace. Here I was watching my best friend making out with his 'girlfriend' whilst the love of my dreams was only a metre away. Any jokes I would normally tell would just make me look weak, or any words likely ineffectual. Regardless of what I should have done or words that I should have said, I was speechless at what was happening.
Alice let out a moan as their lips broke free for a brief second, extending a string of thick saliva between the two wet mouths before they continued. Dominic now standing over her on his knees, to allow greater penetration as he tightened his grip on her neck. As I felt my crotch tighten, I could not quite believe what was unfolding before my eyes. The sound of their wet lips smacking against each other, the awful mouth sounds as their tongues entwined around each other. I gulped as I watched on, frozen by trepidation and awe at what was unfolding mere feet from where I sat.
Then as if almost by accident, Dominic fell over on-top of Alice. Emily finally let out a gasp, looking up to her I was amazed to find her eyes alight with ecstasy as she watched on with me. The couple's hands locked grip with each other's, their outstretched arms waving up and down to equal their unbridled passion as the fervent embrace continued on the dirty carpet of the dorm kitchen.
I felt my trousers' bulge, withstanding every terrible urge to drop my pants right there and to jerk of frantically to the wonderfully erotic scene playing before our eyes. Only Dominic could be so audacious, so careless as to turn a single kiss into this obscenity.
My mouth ajar, Alice wrapped her legs around his waist with her trainers overlapped on-top of each other in an attempt to withstand the exhilaration piercing through her gorgeous body. Fortunately, the few other partygoers that remained, apart from Emily were totally oblivious to the uncompromising sprawl appearing before our eyes. Although at that moment I was doubtful that the situation could escalate further, I started to notice a subtle yet distinctive heaving of their bodies.
Bringing their hands to rest on the floor, Dominic outstretched his legs for grip as he glided his body over and over again on-top of Alice. The fabric of their clothes producing a soft crinkly noise as they rubbed up against each other, Dominic's loins passing sluggishly back and forth between Alice's outstretched legs. Her body visibly writhing and shuttering in pleasure, as this passionate embrace turned into something far more illicit.
Not afraid to surrender any appearances, they broke free of kissing allowing Dominic to sensually nuzzle the side of her neck with his chin, and to allow the couple to focus fully on the uncompromising dry hump. The pleasure now almost unbearable for Alice as she broke free one of her hands to clench the carpet in a tight fist, before Dominic increased the pace of the hump by now leaning over her on just the tips of his toes and pressing his entire force along her squirming body.
"Holly shit," Emily gasped as she looked visibly flustered.
"Fuck yes," Alice blurted out almost in response as the pace somehow increased yet again.
I sat silently, watching as my best friend wrestled with his right hand and despite the vest began to grope Alice's breast with his now free left hand. How far could this go, how rough could Dominic be before Alice would protest? Did the couple even appreciate that Emily and I were watching their every move, their every moan of pleasure and every thrust that Dominic was pounding into her juddering body. As if to answer my question, Alice let out a broken mumble, "Jesus... not when their... OH... not when their watching. Not like this... SHIT!"
Dominic gave no falter, if anything his pace increased as I watched the enormous bulge within his jeans press against her crotch. Unashamedly my best friend dry-fucked the literal shit out of this poor girl over and over, leaving us the only choice but to watch on in shock. If perhaps I was the only one to realise, this had turned from a dare taken too far into something far more depraved. Moreover, all this depravity had occurred right in front of the girl of my dreams.
As the pace increased to a speed that could only be described as extraordinary even for Dominic's standards, his body started to shutter unpredictably and inevitably the last few minutes were building to their climax. With a few final herculin heaves a few orgasmic moans escaped from Alice, as she felt the full force of Dominic's entire body move over her. As the final brutal heave utterly overwhelmed Alice, her legs squirmed free in the air before Dominic let out a gasp and their sweaty bodies collapsed on-top of each other on the floor.
We sat their astonished, apart from distant conversation and fervent panting from Alice and Dominic there was relative silence. I could not quite believe that I had just watched my best friend dry-hump Alice into climax, right in front of me, the girl of my dreams, and a few thankfully oblivious strangers. Emily looked totally shocked for a few seconds, perhaps even a bit confused before she let out a nervous laugh.
"Holly shit," Dominic blurted out the only few words we all seemed to be able to think, "sorry guys I can get a bit carried away."
• • •
As the couple recovered their breath, I reflected on the last five minutes. Was it really all that strange for friends to make-out in front of each other? (albeit a lot more escalated) I have been sheltered from party life for the last few years, of course I am going to be surprised of the depravity that teenagers can get up to. Regardless, there was no doubt that what I had watched was hot as hell.
"Here guys," said Dominic as he started to stand up, "I think me and Alice are going to head for the night," it was obvious to everyone what this meant; though I wasn't expecting him to wink at me as he helped Alice to her feet.
Then I realised that it must have been Dominic's plan to get me alone with Emily, perhaps he had even instigated the last 5 minutes in order to leave early with Alice (though I doubt he would think quite so tactically) Regardless, I was reminded of how good a friend Dominic was as they left towards the door; even if his methods were a bit unorthodox. As I turned towards Emily, anxiously welcoming the alone time I would have with her I was caught off guard by a quick flick of the wrist that sent the bottle twirling across the table.
"One last spin," Emily shouted as Dominic and Alice stopped in the doorway.
We all watched the bottle spin, all dreading that it would point to ourselves. As the bottle seemed to spin forever, twirling on its axis as if doing some physics defying gymnastics, I wanted nothing more than to be done with this sordid game and to be alone with Emily. With the bottle falling over on its side, it came to a sudden and fearsome stop pointing towards Dominic.
"Truth or dare?" Emily asked.
"Do truth Dominic, we've had enough dares Jesus Christ," Alice implored, looking over at me in some sort of unspoken acknowledgement as she wrapped her arm around his back to encourage him.
Though it was no help, Dominic's blissful ignorance and stubbornness meant that he could not stand down to a dare. He did not even need to reply, as he continued to stare towards Emily we all knew what his answer was. I wondered what depraved acts Emily might dare Dominic to do to Alice, to fuck her truly out of her mind or to do it right in front of us in the kitchen. I shook my head as I wondered even why such thoughts were coming to me, especially considering that such thoughts would never occur to fairly innocent Emily. Nevertheless, my guesses were soon to be revealed quite far off the mark and to the surprise of us all.
No one would have expected the sweet innocent Emily to utter the next few words, especially so seriously as she continued to stare at Dominic, "Want to have a foursome?"
Alice and I immediately burst out into laughter, albeit mostly nervously as Dominic visibly blushed and looked across the room at everyone. I could not take this game seriously any longer, it had gone on too long, and this was clearly just a joke intended to shock. Alice and I playfully shook are heads in disagreement as Emily seemingly continued to stare solely at Dominic, awaiting his answer.
Meeting her gaze, he responded, "If Alice and Matthew are happy, I'm up to it," this triggered another bout of nervous laughter from myself and Alice.
Though this nervousness soon turned to silence, revealing a palpable tension as the idea started to be seriously considered. I could not quite comprehend the situation that I had now found myself in, dreading the realisation of perhaps having to compete with Dominic in a foursome with Alice and the girl of my dreams. This was on-top of the incredible pressure of having sex with Emily to begin with, the sweet angelic Emily who I had secretly adored and idealised for the last few years. Deciding to break the silence before the situation escalated any further I stood up and called Dominic over to the corner of the room away from earshot of the girls.
"What's up man?" Dominic asked, "not sure about the foursome?"
"Yes, Jesus Christ, I wanted to be alone with Emily tonight. Not having a fucking foursome," I responded, surprising myself at the frankness of my words.
"Look, I appreciate that. Ideally that would be the case... though to back out now would just seem weak," he sounded genuinely sympathetic. He also had a very good point.
"And look mate, it's weird I know, I've never had a foursome with another guy before," this sentence almost threw me over the edge with jealousy.
"Look it's not that. Its, it's hard to describe. I guess," as I tried to delicately choose my next words I realised looking at the friend I had known since childhood that I could be perfectly honest; albeit with some embarrassment...
"I feel like you're better than me," pausing in pure panic at what I had just said before quickly adding the much-needed caveat that I had initially intended, "better at sex I mean."
Dominic threw his arm over my shoulder and smiled, "Maybe, maybe not! Though that doesn't matter! With girls it's often more emotional, especially with a girl like Emily," he paused as he tried to reassure his friend the best he could, "and besides, it's a foursome so that means I can be with Alice and you can be with Emily," I could tell that he was being totally honest though I still needed further confirmation.
"You promise?"
"Yes, of course mate. And besides, have you not yet realised that you're about to have sex with your dream girl!?"
I laughed as he padded me boisterously on the back, I was content in the knowledge that although his words were intended to reassure that they were also quite true. As we re-joined the girls I felt ready for the night ahead, for whatever it might entail.
"Are you sure about the foursome Matthew? I'm really not sure it's a good idea," Alice still sounded reluctant for some reason.
"Yea I'm sure, as long as you're alright? I think the plan is to keep mostly to within our current couples" I replied, my mind already set.
"Oh, good that's wise... let's do this then."
• • •
Walking the short distance down the hallway to my dorm, my nerves were coursing through my body as my mind raced with thoughts of how to proceed. Softly I felt the elegant touch of Emily at my side, her hand now holding onto mine as we walked. I turned to face her, she always had the most beautiful and soothing smile. "It's all right Matthew, just try and have some fun tonight. Let go of all the pressure of that technology project!" I smiled in reply.
"Thanks Emily, you too."
I held the door open to let the other's inside, as Alice and Dominic took a seat on my bed I closed the door; this simple act in itself compounding reality.
"Still can't get over how great this model is Matthew!" I heard Emily call from across the room.
"No no, just pieces of wood stuck together is all," I replied modestly.
My subtle gloating was cut off from a soft pecking noise to our side, turning to see Dominic and Alice sensually kissing each other on the side of the bed. Dominic's hand parting Alice's hair, as he moved from kissing her lips to down her neck. This did not resemble the brutal dry hump of earlier, Dominic was being surprisingly sensual and caring.
Before I caught myself on that I had been transfixed watching Alice and Dominic, Emily stepped forward and with a slant of the heel panted a delicate kiss on my cheek. I turned round to meet her beautiful face, her gorgeous brunette hair, lush blue eyes, and slightly freckled face. "I'm here Matthew, be with me," she soothed as we began to kiss each other.
I allowed myself to be fully present with her, every other thought escaped my mind as I soothingly kissed the girl of my dreams. Reaching out my arms I embraced her, held her tight towards me as if I never wanted to let go. This was Emily, the girl I had known for the last few years, whom I had celebrated with through our successes and struggles that came with every school year. Whom I had secretly admired until recently, her kindness, her intelligence, and yes her beauty. "You're a wonderful person, you know that?"
She nodded as she reached out her arms, pulling myself closer to her as her head slowly nuzzled into my chest. Resting my chin on the top of her head, I could smell and feel the gorgeously scented hair, as we slowly stepped from side to side as if we were dancing. Everything felt calm, amazingly romantic, and intimate as we rocked gently side to side in each other's arms as if we were dancing. "You're a wonderful person too Matthew," she soothed as she planted another kiss on my lips.
Staying in each other's arms, I only wished that this moment could have lasted forever. For the next few minutes, we switched in between smooth kisses, to welcoming each other's warm embrace against our skin. Emily was as kind and as gentle a person as she was a lover, allowing me to feel perfectly safe and calm within her presence as with any a conversation that I had had with her.
As we slowly shuffled around in circles, this tranquillity was short-lived as Dominic and Alice's growing passion were soon revealed over Emily's shoulder. Alice's legs were now bent up onto the bed, one arm moving uncontrollably within her skirt as she reached over to grasp the large bulge now evident within Dominic's' jeans with the other as they both continued to passionately kiss. I stopped shuffling, realising that if I continued to rotate Emily would be able to see them. As I held my head against her silky skin, I saw Dominic's hand reach under Alice's skirt to return the favour.
"Oh god," I heard Alice moan as I watched the two-break free from kissing to focus purely on pleasuring each other without restraint. Alice's body visibly shaking as Dominic's hand worked it's magic within her skirt, somehow pleasuring her far more than it seemed she had by herself. Soon she fell back on the back, her eyes shut as her body writhed with pleasure. Dominic remained relatively composed, as her hand continued to grasp his dick through his jeans. With the noises increasing from across the room, I realised that I needed to pick up my game. "Do you want me to feel your body Emily?" I asked as I gazed into her loving eyes.
"You don't need to ask Matthew," she laughed as she took my hand and guided it down towards her breast.
Cusping the moderately sized breast in my hand, I decided to take the initiative and move my other hand slowly down her body; tracing every angelic curve Emily's body had to offer as it came to rest under her dress. I moved slower, more sensually than Dominic as I began to pleasure her from underneath the silky fabric of the dress.
Although I had never done this before, at the forefront of my mind was the worry that I might hurt Emily or be too rough. Emily was by all appearances an innocent girl; unlike Alice she probably wouldn't appreciate being used as rough. Nevertheless, I wasn't under the impression that I needed to be overly gentle with her all the time, I knew it was important to build up my pace and strength if I had any chance to fulfil her.
Hearing a shuffle from the bed, I glanced over to see Alice drop down from the bed and crotch before Dominic on the floor. My heart jumped a beat as I saw her undo his belt, throwing it to the floor before beginning to pull his trousers down his waist. I knew Dominic was big, though I had never known how big. For some reason, although I was not in any way homosexual, I found myself watching in dreaded anticipation for the big reveal, my body racing in hurried excitement.
"Someone's excited," Emily teased as I suddenly I felt her grasp my crotch, with surprising force. I clenched my teeth, increasing the pace of my movements under her dress as I continued to watch Dominic and Alice. Finally, the trousers dropped to the floor, a welcoming gasp from the all too familiar Alice as much to my annoyance her head blocked the view.
"You're never going to get used to how big my dick is, are you?" I heard Dominic jest, a hint of arrogance in his voice. In response Alice threw her head on-top of Dominic's dick, his hands helping to guide her down as her throat began to swallow. Hearing a gurgling noise as Alice struggled to swallow more of Dominic's monster, whilst Emily continued to stroke up and down my dick quickly became fully erect. Still Alice was continuing to move downwards, her throat swallowing more and more of the dick as Dominic collapsed onto the bed; the intense pleasure seeming to have finally to have got a hold of him.
"Fuck yes," he cried, "You dirty girl," as her head started to bop up and down with the help of his hands. I couldn't help but watch, as the wet gurgling noises intensified a stream of pre-cum was now rolling down Dominic's thigh; more in my disbelief than I would normally cum. As Dominic started to heave himself upwards, thrusting his dick deeper into her throat without any worry or concern I felt almost jealous of his apparent carelessness. As he grasped her hair tight to hold her head in place, he oscillated his pelvis to penetrate her deeper than most men would dare or simply be able to.
From watching Dominic and Alice's eager blowjob combined with Emily's hand moving fervently under my trouser, an almost overwhelming pleasure forced me to briskly spin around so that I was now facing away from the extreme eroticism it was all too late. Shaking my head to get a grip of the situation, I once again attempted to think solely of Emily and her warm comforting embrace. Though before I had retained total concentration, to my surprise Emily was keen to take things further as she dropped to the floor and pulled my trousers down revealing my slightly above average penis to full view.
"You're quite big Matthew," Emily said as she started to run her hand up and down my dick. I was actually thankful that she hadn't started giving me a blow job, as I didn't know how much more of Emily's innocence I could bear to see lost. Though judging from the skilled hand movements, to a sensational tug around the head it was apparent that this was not her first hand-job. To stop myself succumbing right there and then I was forced to distract myself, forced to think of architecture class or the worsening conditions in whatever shit middle eastern country we all temporarily worried about as my mind raced to retain control.
Then upon hearing Dominic utter the next few words I knew the supposed foursome was about to escalate to a whole other level, "That's enough foreplay." Hearing shuffling and the discarding of clothes from behind, I did my best to continue to distract myself the best I could as much to my annoyance Emily stole a glance over my shoulder. For a brief second her eyes were alight with the same ecstasy as I had noticed earlier, before suddenly pulling me forwards with an unexpected blast of renewed passion so that we both collapsed against my chair.
As Emily sat sprawled against the chair, her dress lifted above the waist, panties lowered and her legs now wrapped around my waist she beckoned, "Fuck me Matthew." As I quickly fumbled for the condoms in the drawer opposite, I couldn't believe the time had finally arrived, all of a sudden all thoughts of Dominic or Alice or indeed all trivial bull shit had escaped my mind.
The moans that had begun to cry out from the corner of the room were all but masked out once I slipped on the condom, and as I slowly entered the girl of my dreams. Whilst her hands tightened around my back and her eyes stared up at mine; I could tell that we were being totally present with each other.
Emily was different than Alice, she felt less welcoming at first and therefore I was certain to begin more gently. Sensually tracing her lower waist and breasts with my hands, I leaned over to plant a few targeted kisses across her neck and cheeks as I moved slowly into her; causing Emily to let out a low protracted moan. All the while our eyes continued to be locked with each other's, feeling an incredible emotional connection as I continued to discover her beautiful body.
Hearing the screams of pleasure from across the room I restrained the pressure to change pace, convinced that Emily was the kind of girl who appreciated emotional connection as opposed to raw strength. Convinced that the incredible closeness I felt with her was unique, that only a relationship built over several years could result in such a sensual and romantic experience. As our eyes gazed into each other's, I wouldn't give anything for this moment of complete understanding and intimacy to last forever.
"I said fuck me, Matthew," Emily moaned abruptly as I was awakened from my trance. How long had I been sluggishly straddling her? How had I allowed myself to become so distracted? As Alice was presumably being fucked out of her life just a metre away, I realised that I needed to change pace, dare say it needed to try to compete with Dominic if I was going to send this gorgeous brunette over the edge. I was ready, I felt capable as I slowly started to increase the pace as to not ruin the last few minutes of sensuality.
"That's it, faster Matthew, faster. Penetrate me deeper, penetrate me as deep as you can," hearing these amazingly erotic words spurred my hunger onwards as I rocked my pelvis back and forth similar to how Dominic had done before. It was apparent Emily was responding, her body aglow as my force started to pound into her; with every penetration I became literally closer to her. Setting myself ablaze with an almost animalistic passion that I had never felt before, I reached awkwardly and pulled her dress above her breasts, revealing a silk laced bra.
"Oh yes Matthew," she cried in welcoming surprise of my newfound passion as she helped slide her dress up and over her head. Allowing myself to build up to full force, I surprised myself at how aggressively and deep I could penetrate her. Had I learned from my experience with Alice? Undoubtedly. Though this was something different, something that could only have grown out of our intimacy together. In this moment, for however brief, I felt an infinite passion that strengthened with every uncompromising thrust.
"Keep going Matthew, keep going," she beckoned as I penetrated her as far as I could go, a few sultry moans escaping from her puckered lips as I had reached the limit of what I could offer. Continuing to launch my body into her, continuing to give my all to the girl of my dreams I was adamant to satisfy her every desire. Almost unconsciously both my hands grasped her breasts, her stunning tender touch reigniting my passion as somehow increased my speed further still.
We had been having sex for more than ten minutes at this stage, although most of this was foreplay my body started to shudder as the reality of the situation began to sink in. I had been fucking a gorgeous girl, though not only that I had been fucking Emily! Who up until earlier today I had been secretly admiring for years...
"I think you're amazing, you know I have a great love for you?" although I wasn't in control of my words any longer I didn't care; in this moment I was finally giving myself totally to her without any fear of rejection. For once I was truly confident in my abilities, and absolutely content. Her body radiated in response, her innocence still evident through the shy blush of her gratitude and her calming touch.
If perhaps I had faltered for a few minutes earlier, the pleasure of basking within a lover's strong embrace matched only with his care and passion for you as a person; were surely more than enough to compensate for a girl like Emily? As I realised my time was limited, I mustered every remaining strength that I had to offer into a few final immense thrusts that were bound to send shockwaves coursing through her entire shuddering body.
Although the reaction from Emily had not quite been as I had hoped as I gave her my all, I couldn't help but surrender to the overwhelming pleasure that I was certain to ride for the next few minutes. Collapsing on-top of her, I could hear both our raised heartbeats as we recovered from our breathlessness. "Did you enjoy that?" Emily asked rhetorically as we laid in each other's embrace.
Dominic and Alice had settled down as well, as I combed Emily's hair with my hand and planted a few gracious kisses across her body I asked, "Did you? Sorry I couldn't quite get you over the edge."
"Oh yes, it was quite impressive for a few minutes. Was not expecting that," Emily replied much to my delight as I remembered what Alice had said; how orgasms rarely align. I lay there, totally content and satisfied. Although selfish, I figured I deserved some mindless joy from time to time. This wasn't time to regret that the situation could have gone differently, or that I should have focused on lasting longer. I had tried my best, outdoing both our expectations, and I had indulged in some amazing sex with my dream girl that now appeared only more beautiful and stunning.
• • •
The dread that had tormented me over the past five minutes to not dare look over at Alice and Dominic, in the knowledge that this was sure to send me over the edge; was replaced with a different kind of feeling. It was hard to describe, although part of me had this strangest desire to peek; a larger part also felt intimidated for reasons I hadn't quite understood. This feeling restrained myself from peeking, from coming to grips with a reality that I didn't feel the need to confront.
However, with Emily now making no apologies about her glances, it would be strange for myself not to look as well. The cries of pleasure had died down a few minutes ago, so I had assumed Dominic must had finished at around the same time I had; especially considering his earlier dry humps that surely would have spent much of his energy. Though I was wrong, very wrong, as I turned around to find them both totally naked apart from Alice's chukka boots as they straddled on-top of each other along my bed; their clothes strewn randomly across the floor.
I gulped, watching as they lay opposite each other so that Dominic's head was buried between her legs, hungrily eating her out as she lay outstretched devouring his dick on the other side; so that this time as Alice occasionally popped up for a breather amongst the stream of thick pre-cum I was forced to confront the true size. I knew Dominic was bigger than myself, I had figured by about half inch or so. Though it was all too clear to both Emily and I that his dick was indeed huge, pushing well above 8 inches and extremely thick.
I didn't realise that I had frozen, as I was entranced by the scene before my eyes. I wasn't in the slightest bit attracted to men, yet here I found myself in awe at every inch of my best friend's perfect body. Dominic unquestionably had the body of a pornstar, or even that of a supermodel, to the extent that even being naked would surely intimidate any normal man. For Dominic not to have realised this, to not have realised that any girl in their right mind would be head over heels for him in comparison to my ugly, scrawny body was a testament to both his modesty and admiration for his best friend.
I soon caught myself on, shaking my head to break free from such thoughts. I had always done this, compared myself to other people who I thought were more attractive, who had life better. The truth is, this was a problem I had, everyone has different problems and challenges in life. Dominic was no different, in fact I know he has had to struggle with far more shit and family heartbreak than I have in his 18 years on the planet.
I needed to be happy for him in this moment, perhaps still in awe at the spectacle, though still content in my own abilities and achievements. As Emily held my hand as we eagerly watched, her other hand gently masturbating herself; I realised that all these self-deprecating thoughts were bound to be only in my mind.
Pulling his head free from between Alice's legs, Dominic noticed us watching and said to a slight surprise. "Done already?"
"For now. I should be able to go again in a few minutes," although this hadn't been my plan I felt slightly ashamed otherwise. Although I had never had such good rebound, I figured if Dominic could fuck again a few minutes after orgasm that I should have half a chance. "He was quite good Dominic, better than a girl could expect," Emily added in my defence. Although one could read too much into such a statement, I happily took the compliment.
"Until Matthew is ready again, how about I save your hand the trouble Emily? Sit on my face," I couldn't quite belief what I had just heard. I turned to face Dominic with a harsh glare, as Alice continued to eat his cock with vigour. Catching my glare Dominic quickly replied apologetically, "Sorry, if that's okay with you guys I mean? I appreciate our arrangement Matthew, though it wouldn't be much of a foursome if I couldn't even help Emily to masturbate."
Although this was apparently a foursome, I was also of course capable of helping Emily to masturbate despite my orgasm, and besides Dominic had a promise to keep... regardless the many reasons the high I was still riding prevented me from saying anything at first. However, even so, I was surprised at just how easily and eagerly Emily began to walk over to the bed before Alice stopped her.
"WAIT! I'm not sure this is a good idea. I'm not sure," she blurted out uncontrollably without almost any forethought.
Emily and Dominic look confused, I was taken aback too at how abrupt Alice had been. "Why is that?" Emily asked.
Alice gave a quick glance over at me, and then back towards Dominic and Emily; seemingly taken aback for words as to what to say as we all looked puzzled at each other. There was complete silence for a few moments before Emily started to edge once again towards Dominic.
"Look guys, I agree with Alice," before I could even realise that I was being all too honest I continued speaking, "For years I have had this problem with self-esteem. I've struggled comparing myself to other people whilst pretending to be confident, all the while thinking Dominic is better than myself, all the while secretly hating myself in comparison. I just don't think I'm ready for..."
"What are you talking about Matthew!?" Emily cut me off, "That's nonsense, and as you've said you have a problem with self-esteem. What I mean is, you're the only one thinking this. So, so what if Dominic has a slightly bigger dick or can last longer than you in bed? You're wrong if you think that stuff truly matters! Isn't that right Alice?"
"Yea..." Alice feigned agreement.
"You have many great attributes, that's why I'm your girlfriend. What isn't attractive however, is jealousy." I nodded in agreement, perhaps I had just needed to hear this said.
"So, are you alright if we continue, just for a few minutes?"
"Okay."
• • •
I winced; Emily was clearly irritated from what I had said, and I had only my weakness to blame. Dominic grimaced looking at us two, "Look Matthew. I told you before, that stuff doesn't matter," reaching out his hand he flicked the back of Emily's bra letting it fall to the floor. Revealing the two most angelic and well-formed breasts I had laid witness to, I stood confused and lamented bringing this whole issue up again.
"I'm so sorry Matthew, I tried," Alice apologised as she shuffled up to straddle Dominic's waist, lowering herself down onto his huge cock whilst Emily crouched down on-top of his face, welcoming the soft touch of his tongue that began to lap up the glistening juices.
"Just watch for now until you recover Matth.... Ooooh..... Oooooh shit," I obeyed astounded as Emily's sentence trailed off into a stream of erotic obscenities. As Dominic effortlessly swirled his tongue up inside my girlfriend, whilst simultaneously thrusting his huge dick inside Alice I just sat awestruck. With every determined thrust into Alice's cunt, you could see her whole-body shudder as she glowed with an immense pleasure. With every unforgiving inch that was thrusted up deep inside, vibrations were sent through her entire body.
"Oh, fucking shit," Emily cried as I looked back over at her, Dominic now wrapping his arms around her thighs locking her in a vice; holding her still as he mercilessly continued his onslaught. "I had no idea, no idea it would be this good," she cried, barely able to speak as Dominic's tongue worked away furiously.
As a stream of glistening fluid cascaded down into Dominic's mouth, Emily and Alice reached out so that their hands grasped hold of each other's in a futile attempt to resist the devastating pleasure. They exchanged looks as if in mutual sympathy for each other, Alice now screaming at the top of her voice in pleasure as Dominic slammed his full strength into her.
"It's okay, it's okay Alice," Emily soothed as she watched her rock into another powerful orgasm right in front of her; her eyes rolling back as Dominic ruined this poor girl right in front of us all. By raising his knees up, he was able to thrust himself even deeper and faster into her tortured cunt as Alice started to squirt uncontrollably; juices landing all across my bed and onto Emily. "Holly fuck," I heard myself mutter as Dominic didn't relent, next he swept Emily's legs from underneath with his arms, suspending them in the air by grabbing hold of her ankles and using her own weight to penetrate his tongue deeper into her pussy.
Just five minutes had past, though unsurprisingly I had become rock-hard from watching my best friend fuck my girlfriend into an incredible orgasm using just his tongue. As Emily's legs squirmed from side to side, a flood of juices ushered down onto Dominic as she let out a scream of unrepented joy. "Oh YES, that's it. Fuck my pussy Dominic, fuck it so hard," Emily cried out as without thought or rational I had dropped my trousers to the floor before me.
For a brief second she turned to face me, the look on her face expecting me to jump up on the bed and slam my cock straight down her tight little throat. This is what any normal boyfriend would have done, undoubtedly intensifying the pleasure that shook through her body manifold whilst she was penetrated from both ends inevitably into another merciless orgasm.
Instead, I fell to my knees and began to furiously jerk off as I looked up at Dominic fuck two gorgeous girls in ways I couldn't ever hope to. Emily looked down at me on the floor, a look of amusement... or perhaps smugness forming across her face as Dominic gave her more pleasure with just his tongue than I had offered.
"Fuck that's enough," grunted Dominic as he pushed the girls of his body much to my relief. As he stood up tall on the bed, the girls crowded around him and started worshipping his long thick shaft before I had any chance to rotate in or say anything. Alice without hardly any respite swallowing his dick whole, trying her best to slide the entirety of the monster down her widening throat. Meanwhile Emily started to lick the bottom of Dominic's large shaft, roping up rivers of pre-cum that had accumulated around the large cavernous balls, the by-product of fucking Alice into several orgasms.
I looked up at them, totally absorbed by Dominic's dick as I realised the foursome was not quite going to plan. It was time to swap in, I had regained my stamina a few minutes ago and now was the time to cease the opportunity. Standing up with a renewed sense of passion after what I had just borne witness to, I beckoned over to my girlfriend "Emily, I'm ready now."
Dominic looked down at me from atop the bed, "Oh sure thing Matthew, sorry If I got a bit carried away," he laughed as I smiled back. "Do you guys want the bed? It is your room after all Matthew," it was amazing how Dominic could hold such a casual conversation as two gorgeous girls fawned over him. Though this ability was only matched by his naivety, as he gave no notice to Emily continuing to slurp every ounce of pre-cum and ignore her boyfriend.
"Emily?" I asked once again, this time more assertive.
Finally, she broke free of her trance, I watched as a long bridge of thick pre-cum followed her lips as she leaned back from Dominic's crotch. She looked at me, her eyes still as innocent and filled with hope as ever. Her gorgeous brunette hair slightly messy, yet no less enviable, her beautiful curves revealed for all to see though certainly no less desirable, her stunning body still that of an angel's, albeit smeared in pre-cum.
"Matthew," she almost whispered, "I..... I first want to feel his dick inside me." My heart jumped a beat, this is exactly where I feared the situation would lead to. I needed to be emphatic, to stop this twist of events before they escalated too far.
"No," I replied flatly.
"Look, I know we said he was only to go so far... but I need to know. I need to know how it feels for myself."
"I think I've been very accommodating so far, and you said yourself this doesn't matter. Any other boyfriend would have put a stop to this a long time ago, though this is where I draw the line."
"Please Matthew, please let him fuck me," I couldn't believe my girlfriend was asking permission for my best friend to fuck her.
"I know you've been a very generous boyfriend, and there's no reason why you should agree to letting your best friend fuck me of all people. Though earlier you just seemed to enjoy watching us so much, I thought this was maybe something we could both enjoy."
"Wait, was Matthew jerking off watching us?" Dominic laughed.
"What!? No, I wasn't. I was just trying to get ready that's all," I lied out of embarrassment.
"Look it's fine mate, jerk away all you want, and I can fuck the living shit out of your girlfriend," I was frozen as to what to say. As always, Dominic wasn't being vindictive or purposely cruel, despite the subtle undertone of smugness in his voice.
"I've said no, that's final," I reaffirmed.
Suddenly Dominic pushed my girlfriend down on her back along my bed, "Maybe this will convince you," he jested as to my disbelief he began to tease the outside of her pussy with his huge dick. Sliding back and over along the length of her pussy, tempting, and infuriating her by showing off what a fraction of his huge dick could offer.
"What are you doing Dominic? I said no, I'm being serious here mate," I reasoned with him; this was totally out of character for my best friend.
"I'm not penetrating her am I?" he replied abruptly.
"Oh yes Dominic, you're terrible. Please, please, penetrate me with your huge cock. Pound me into submission," the words from Emily both maddening and sending my thoughts in all sorts of confusing places.
"I'm a good friend Emily, I won't go further unless Matthew is happy to do so," Dominic replied as he began to whack the side of her pussy with his dick in his hand. The sickening slapping sound teasing us all, as we watched Dominic's huge dick tease Emily beyond comprehension. Was this Dominic's animalistic side being revealed for the first time, did he enjoy tormenting his girls? Or was he genuinely trying to convince me to give him the go ahead, so absorbed in the lust of the moment that his resolve to fuck this angelic girl he had just met overrode any other concern?
"Dominic, look I know what it's like to be an 18-year-old, every girl is an opportunity for the next conquest. Though this isn't that kind of a girl, this is your best friends girlfriend! I've told you what I think about Emily, how much I care about her. Can you please try and think of the bigger picture, and not with dick?"
"Don't be so serious Matthew, we all agreed on a foursome didn't we?" Dominic replied as his dick slid slowly into my girlfriends tight cunt.
"Oh...oh.... FUCK!" Emily moaned as Dominic's entire cock entered her, before coming to an abrupt stop at the furthest reach.
I looked up at Dominic as he stayed paused, "Please don't Dominic. I'm begging you, please don't fuck my girlfriend like this, you promised you wouldn't! At least use a condom please" I cried.
"Sorry Matthew, you know what 18-year olds are like," he replied sounding totally genuine.
"You promised," I cried again half-heartedly as suddenly Dominic's primal urges took over, his huge cock swinging inside and out of my girlfriends tight pussy like a pendulum on steroids as his masterful talent was exhibited to all. "Thank you Matthew, thank you so so MUCH," Emily cried despite no approval on my part as Dominic ravished her body right in front of her loving boyfriend.
"This is so good, better than I could ever have expected," Emily cried as her bare legs writhed in the air with every thrust of Dominic's immense power. A wild animalistic force had consumed Dominic, as he focused purely on one task: fucking the literal shit out of this poor little girl.
I sat stunned, too shocked, and upset to move or think of any empty words I could say. My eyes started to water as I watched the love of my life, submit as a total whore to my best friend's every desire. Knocking off her heels as her feet rested on top of his shoulders for grip as he continued his rough, brutal conquest of her entire shuddering body.
Emily from the start had critically underestimated Dominic's capabilities, unable to fully handle the immense force of his huge cock penetrating deep inside her cunt she was forced to cling tight against the bed sheets and shut her eyes. I wanted nothing more than to reach out my arm, grasp her by her hand and help her through this anguish, though I was still in shock at Dominic's betrayal. "My god you're unbelievably hot, you dirty whore," Dominic grunted as he increased the speed and power of his thrusts.
I watched entranced, as Emily's entire world was shaken, as this sweet innocent university student was overwhelmed with a pleasure she didn't think was possible. Her gorgeous body alight with an earth-shattering sensation, sending shivers down her spine and goose bumps across every inch of her body as she basked in the unbridled, toe-curling torment that Dominic unleashed upon her. "Ohhhhh F-fuuuck!" Emily squealed, "You're so fucking so good, so unbelievably good Dominic."
To my surprise, Alice had taken hold of me and guided me over back to my chair. Sitting me down, she straddled on-top of my waist and took hold of my cock. "It's okay Matthew, it's okay" Alice soothed as I continued to watch over her shoulder, "This was probably inevitable. I tried to stop the foursome from the start, I knew just how good Dominic was. How much better he was than you."
I listened to the painful words as Alice slowly stroked my cock, as I watched my best friend dominate the girl of my dreams in ways I couldn't even attempt. "Don't take this personally though Matthew, Dominic just gets carried away in the moment and thinks purely with his cock. I guarantee you he doesn't think of Emily as your girlfriend, just as an unbelievably gorgeous girl."
As I continued to watch my best friend pound into my girlfriend, Alice continued to explain whilst jerking me off, "Dominic is a good person. Kind and considerate, the best friend you always thought he was. He would never want to purposefully fuck your girlfriend, or to humiliate you." Every hurt-inducing word made sense, yet to know Dominic had fucked the girl of my dreams merely for his own enjoyment was what hurt most of all.
"I thought you said.... I thought you said that Emily would be fortunate and satisfied to have me?" were the only words I could muster.
"She would be, though in comparison to an alpha male such as Dominic it's hard to even compare," her condescending tone more than bit belittling. "I know it's not fair Matthew, though this is just how life works," she stood up and started picking up her clothes. As I began to stroke my cock again, totally entranced watching my best friend continue to destroy my girlfriend; Alice headed towards the door, "I would recommend that you leave as well Matthew."
• • •
I asked out of denial of the situation, or perhaps out of the few remnants of hope I still clung to, "Swap with me Dominic?" He didn't reply or even glance in my direction, instead as if in a form of an answer he slid down in-between her legs so that they now wrapped around his waist; allowing for a more intimate embrace as their lips locked together for a long sensual kiss.
They were now in the exact same position as Dominic had dry-fucked Alice in the dorm kitchen, except they were totally naked; Emily screaming with pleasure as her body trembled with an indescribable pleasure. "Please let me be with my girlfriend, even for a few minutes?" I asked again in pathetic desperation, though by this stage they were just empty words with no weight behind them.
Suddenly Dominic lifted my girlfriend up, with a remarkable ease he swung her around and slammed her back against the wall which fronted the bed. Her writhing legs continuing to grip around his waist as her arms grabbed hold the back of his neck to hold herself up, her fingers clasping his hair tight as Dominic pounded against the wall with an uncontainable strength to deliver a whole new level of pleasure to this poor girl.
Her enchanting embrace beckoning him to greater heights, as he continued the constant penetration of this gorgeous slut with a newfound burning vigour. "Ohhhhh god Matthew, Ohhhhh JESUS FUCKING CHRIST," Emily full on screamed as she looked down at me, her traumatised boyfriend frantically jerking off.
This rampant sprawl continued for the next few minutes, Dominic showing no sign of relief as he unashamedly sent my girlfriend quivering from orgasm to orgasm; their shared juices drooling down onto my pillowcases below. Though beyond the immense pain I felt from the wicked betrayal of my best friend and the girl of my dreams, was the guilt-ridden carnal pleasures piercing through my body as I eagerly watched this careless 18-year-old stud fuck my stunning girlfriend with an exceptional raw talent.
Her screams of uncontainable pleasure no doubt audible to the entire dorm, as I watched my best friend summon an unparalleled strength that I could only dream of as he pillaged the ruined cunt of my once innocent girlfriend right in front of my eyes. "Oh God, fuck yes Matthew," Dominic groaned with his back facing me, "Your girlfriend is an incredible fuck," his next few punishing thrusts breaking a spring in my bed as he reached his full strength. Finally, he slowed to a stop, the pair gasping for air as I sat slowly tugging myself off; praying that the torment had finally ended.
"Is it time, is it time for my turn?" I asked once again as Dominic tossed Emily onto her waist to face me.
"Just enjoy watching us Matthew, I'll be almost done," he replied as he sat down behind my girlfriend.
The time in-between the frenetic throes were almost as excruciating, especially for Emily as she provocatively raised her buttocks in the air welcoming Dominic inside, her pussy begging for the awful pleasure to resume without any hesitation. As he slid his huge dick inside my girlfriend once again, her whole face contorted and she let out a long stuttering moan, "Ohhhh my God, OH MY GOD MATTHEW!" she cried looking directly into my eyes.
Dominic increased his pace, half-squatting as he bombarded the sweet brunette beyond the summits of her highest expectations. Slapping her ass as he pummelled her face into the mess of bed sheets, a new sickening feeling of euphoria overwhelming her as she cried her heart out into a low muffle.
"I'm so sorry Matthew, I'm so so sorry I was mmm.... Oooooh," Emily tried to cry out to me, in-between the muffling and her uncontrollable moans of pure animal pleasure it was near impossible to hear as I stepped closer. "Oh god I'm so fucking sorry," she cried as I reached the edge of the shaking bed.
Was she apologising for being ruthlessly fucked by my best friend, for the guilt of savouring every tantalising sensation as her loving boyfriend watch on helplessly? Or was she apologising for something else entirely? "I'm so so sorry," raising her head up from amongst the bed sheets so that the next few words could be heard absolutely clear, "You were right Matthew, you were right.... Ohhh F-fucccck!"
I reached out, grasping her wet palms as I felt every illicit vibration shiver down her body; gazing into each other's loving yet perplexed eyes as Dominic continued to relentlessly ravage my girlfriend. "Right about what Emily?" I asked as I held her hands tight, dreading the answer as Dominic's feet struggled for traction due to the sheer force behind every unapologetic thrust. His cruel talent surpassing even his wildest expectations, as he concentrated solely on fucking Emily as hard as he could purely for the sport; purely for the intense pleasure he felt in his throbbing dick without a care for anybody else.
"It does matter," Emily mumbled almost inaudibly as If revealing the darkest deepest secret, her cheeks ablaze with wicked embarrassment.
"Sorry what?" I asked again, confused and barely able to hear.
"IT DOES MATTER," Emily screamed so that everyone could hear, "Dominic is better than you, SO MUCH BETTER," she cried as if finally, finally having the courage or the selfishness to confess to a terrible realisation that had been building up inside her.
"Excuse me?" I replied, taken aback, and stunned at what I just heard my girlfriend cry out.
"He is SO MUCH better than you baby. SO MUCH BIGGER! SO MUCH STRONGER" she moaned as if deriving a sick sadistic pleasure from each cruel insult that seemed to come naturally to her.
"Watch as he fucks your girlfriend Matthew, watch as your best friend fucks your girlfriend far better than you ever could!" she let out an orgasmic moan, her body visibly spasming as her own cruel own words sent her over the edge.
I was astounded, as my mind raced to comprehend what my best friend had done to my sweet sweet girlfriend. How every hurt-inducing word was so brutally honest, so wickedly true, and cut so unforgivingly deep. How for most of my childhood years I had struggled with self-esteem, struggled with my appearance, my confidence, my lack of talent.
How for so many of those years I had been secretly jealous of Dominic, jealous of how he had lost his virginity much younger than me. Jealous of how much more attractive and stronger he was than me. Jealous of his confidence, his real confidence, his popularity. Jealous of how much more of a kind and easy-going person he was.
Then how for the past few years I had overcome these weaknesses, focusing on my own strength, building my own confidence in my unique abilities and skills. I had to work tirelessly to excel at class and building a relationship with Emily was a slow and gradual process over several years amidst a constant fear of rejection. Finally, I had the confidence to ask her out, to be my girlfriend, and now I'm holding her beautiful and delicate hands as my best friend takes everything I had fought so hard for over the last few years without even so much of a challenge.
"OHHH FUCK, keep going Dominic... Ohhhh OH GOD!" Emily screamed as if to break me from my thoughts. My whole worldview was being shattered as my girlfriend received the largest cock in her life, changing her from the kind and innocent Emily we all knew to at least in this moment something far more ruthlessly honest. As my mind raced for answers, raced for a sense of certainty that I had always craved; I wanted above all to know my place in the world.
"I thought you said you were impressed by how I fucked you Emily?" I cried out as the illicit thumping thrashed my girlfriend beyond any care for her boyfriends feelings.
"I was Matthew, it was very impressive for someone like you," she moaned; the cruel condescending tone humiliating yet somehow extremely erotic as I found myself tugging on my cock even harder.
"I can get better though, I can improve, that was only the second time I had sex," I burst out as I accidently revealed another crushingly embarrassing secret in the desperate hope of some sort of redemption.
Emily let out a terrible laugh at what I had just said, "Jesus Christ Matthew..... Ohhh SHIT," revelling sexually in the sad reality I had shared for a brief second as her eyes shut tight and her whole body contorted with an immense momentary pleasure. "Probably you can improve... though I don't need to tell you that can NEVER compete with Dominic...... OHHHH F-fuuuucK! It's not your fault though baby, he was jusssst..... he was Jusssst..... BORN BETTER THAN YOU.... OH SHIT," this cruel tirade that trailed off into dreadful moans of enjoyment as the words confirmed what I had always known deep down.
"You're right, you're right," I gasped, pitifully jerking away at my cock as embraced the reality I had most feared; my own words of admission causing my girlfriend to shudder even more.
"Tell me then, tell me how much better he is than you?" she almost whispered, gazing shyly away as she recovered from the sharp bolts of cruel pleasure that had struck her body with every terrible truth. I froze, hesitant to even entertain such a question or perhaps too afraid to face more humiliation right in front of my best friend.
"I said tell me Matthew, tell how about how much better Dominic is than you," she asked again more assertively; still I remained silent in an attempt to desperately hold onto some dignity as I battled against a sickening inner-urge to just let the truth out; let all of it out. "I said FUCKING TELL ME MATTHEW!" My girlfriend screamed as her patience was lost; finally pushing me over the edge.
"He is so much better than me, I'm a fucking ant in comparison! I've been admiring you for three years, trying to work up the courage to tell you how much I love you; and just in one-night my best friend was able to fuck you with his amazing cock!" every sentence sending immense convulsions straight through her body. "To fuck my girlfriend right in front of me without a care, to show me how much bigger and stronger he is than me. To demonstrate how a REAL MAN FUCKS!" I cried as Dominic continued to violently swing his dick inside and out of her tortured cunt.
"That's it Matthew! KEEP GOING, KEEP GOING! Tell me how awful it feels to see your girlfriend get fucked right in front of you by your best friend," Emily writhed in pleasure.
"Dominic's has been my best friend since we met in secondary school, he's been so kind and generous. He helped me to believe that I could live a happy life, that I could be successful, that I mattered as much as anyone. Though I was deluding myself, everyone is not created equal, that has been made more than clear now. It is only natural that Dominic is with you. He can give you the pleasure that you deserve," Dominic relentless as Emily's body contorting and dripping with every terrible word.
"THAT'S RIGHT MATTHEW, THAT'S RIGHT" Emily screamed looking directly into my eyes as cum dribbled out into my hand; before softening her voice, "That's right Matthew, thank you. Thank you for realising the truth."
"This is some sick shit guys," Dominic laughed as he started to raise my girlfriend up into the air. Standing tall above the bed another spring broke, as Dominic hoisted her angelic body almost directly above me by the grip he found under her folded legs; using her body as if she was merely a doll. He paused, there was silence for a moment whilst we caught a much-needed breather. I could not believe what had happened, what I had admitted to. I was utterly devastated. Though a tiny part of me was also relieved, relieved that I found certainty.
"Sorry I didn't catch most of that Matthew. Though I'm I right in thinking that you are now happy I'm fucking your girlfriend?" Dominic sounded so authentic, his naïve' kindness refreshing amongst the volley of insults as he looked optimistically towards me. In reply I wanted to repeat all of what I just said, how he had brutally fucked my girlfriend right in front of me without a care. How he had devastated my relationship and shattered any remaining confidence I had all while in the pursuit of mere momentary pleasure. Though I didn't.
Speaking through gritted teeth as the room lay utterly still, "Yes Dominic. I now know my place. Please, please fuck my girlfriend."
"Oh, thank god Matthew, you have no idea how guilty I've been feeling," he chuckled, "This foursome was a great idea." I felt utterly distraught, even a look of pity had formed upon Emily's face as she realised that the situation had gone far too far. Though it was too late, far too late to stop now as Dominic's huge cock slid up into her pussy. Recommencing the violent up thrusts that her body craved above all, soon emptying her mind of almost all pity as Dominic timed every bounce, every gyration to utterly dominate her quivering body.
Beyond any sense of regret or jealousy I could only sit frozen, with just a cum-stained hand to show for. Her legs flailing about, his hands grasping her lush breasts, her toes-curling. As his colossal cock drained my girlfriend of any hope of reprieve that her body so desperately needed. Whilst their decadent posture, revealed their passion to all without a hint of inhibition. I felt almost sick, numb to the sight of my best friend fucking the girl of my dreams into utter oblivion. I now knew this was the natural order of things, that my girlfriend had merely helped me confront what I had always thought to be true deep down.
As Dominic's hips began to buckle, as his legs started to strain under the immense exhaustion of the past half hour I took comfort in the cruel certainly this new world offered. No more responsibility, no more pressure to succeed, no more unpredictability. "OHH FUCK! I'm going to cum! I'm going to cum inside your pussy!" gasped Dominic as his body started to shake. I did not care anymore, or rather I knew the situation was simply out of my control.
"Shit Matthew. SHIT! Your best friend is going to CUM INSIDE ME, don't you want to stop him?" Emily squealed.
As Dominic summoned the last remnants of his fleeting strength into a few final thrusts, Emily allowed herself to surrender to the sensational vibrations that shook forth through her body with every piercing undulation. Dominic's body tensed as every muscle shuttered still for a brief second, his throbbing cock had arrived at an abrupt halt inside the furthest reaches of my girlfriend. She looked down at me, tears in her eyes as she struggled to cope with the devastating orgasm that would overwhelm every rational. Then eventually, like a stubborn animal refusing to yield against all odds; Dominic capitulated.
His throbbing cock shooting copious amounts of cum all up inside my girlfriend, load after load his body writhed as he emptied his balls without hesitation or regret. Whilst Emily felt the warm thick cum fill her insides, Dominic continued to discharge ounce after ounce of the viscous liquid into her overflowing pussy before his cock jerked out.
I watched in amazement as several more awe-inspiring ejaculations shot cum straight up across the entire length of Emily's now glistening body, lathering her in the dense fluid as his cock quivered uncontrollably. Sending the final few careless projections through no intention of Dominic's, squirting across the room, onto my bed, the floor and even a few streaks across my face as I sat absolutely mortified.
Without realising his shocking inaccuracy Dominic had collapsed back onto the bed in exhaustion, Emily atop as they panted uncontrollably. "That was the best sex I've ever had," Dominic gasped, "You would hardly have noticed it was a foursome either," he chuckled as Emily traced his sculpted abs with her hand.
"Very true," she replied as she looked down at her boyfriend; almost not restraining her laugher as she noticed my cum covered face. "That was amazing though, whatever the hell it was," Dominic mumbled.
As I stood up to wash myself in the shower, I left the room defeated with my best friend and girlfriend laying naked in each other's arms. As the cold water rolled over my aching body, as my best friend's thick cum ran down my face into the plughole below I started to think.
To think how I had let my best friend steal my girlfriend, to think how he had brutally fucked poor Emily right in front of my eyes, transforming her into something far more wicked and cruel. As I started to cry, sliding to the shower floor as my tears mixed with the falling water, and the remanence of the thick cum I could only think of what could have been.... if it were not for my best friend, if it were not for my weakness.