Parasailing Excursion
While on vacation with my best friend we signed up for a parasailing activity one day. I'm a bit freaked out by going up so high but I'll give it a try. Karen can be rather persuasive.
On the day of the parasailing Karen begs off. I decide to go for myself. I make it to the dock just in time to hop on board and off we go.
Immediately, I notice this really sexy man who moves around the boat like he's on land. I noticed this because my clumsy ass almost face planted on the way to my seat up front. He hooks the 1st couple up and checks that they're snug. Away they go.
I look up along with everyone else. Oh shit! I can do this. Okay. I need a distraction. Hmmm! Hottie is heading to the front of the boat. Perfect! Oh what I would do for some of that. He looks over & catches me staring. Smooth on my part, I know. I can feel my cheeks begin to burn.
When I glance back, he's lifting his shirt off and throwing it in a storage bin. I'm ready to melt. Wow! Lots of tanned and muscled skin. I just want to lick his chest from his shoulders to his ... Oh god. I have to quit this shit. My nipples have gotten hard and I've started to tingle between my legs. I notice his eyes on my chest. He raises them to look me in the eye again. This time with a smirk on his plump lips.
Down come the couple. The boat stops to switch out people. Hottie asks if I'm ready.
Hell yeah I'm ready! Oh, he's talking about putting me way up in the sky by myself. He goes to unstrap the last couple while I try to make my way to the back of the boat without making a fool of myself.
As I get to the man who's got me more flustered than normal, I snag my foot on the end of the hippie skirt I just had to wear. Damn it! BAM!! Right into a hard chest that's vibrating with his laughter.
Please just shoot me. He hooks me in. His hands checking the harness. I moan as he accidentally brushes a nipple while tugging on the chest strap. Eyes meet again. I'm almost panting at this point. He whispers "Where's your boyfriend?"
I ask if it's a problem I don't have anyone with me. He surprises me by hopping up and hooking himself in with practiced ease.
The boat starts moving and we begin to rise. Oh crap! I grab my knees in a death grip. My fingers turning white at the tips. Hottie's hand comes to rest on my left hand. Hello!! What's he up to? His hand squeezes mine and I glance down as it gradually scoots up my leg.
Holy hell my chest is heaving as I fight to catch my breath. As his hand reaches my hip he whispers in my ear asking if I'm alright. It's all I can do to shake my head yes. His hand moves to my pussy and starts rubbing. God it feels so fucking good! I don't want him to stop so I look out at the ocean way down below us.
My hold on my knees has relaxed. I move them up to brush my nipples. I circle them lightly in a barely there touch. The pressure between my legs has been ramping up. I feel myself coming close to climax. The ocean is beautiful around us! I feel like I'm going to explode. I pinch both nipples hard and let out a cry I can only imagine carries back to the boat.
We're being pulled back down. I have to pull it together. Hottie unhooks himself and starts working on my straps. He tells me to wait while he straps the next two in.
Up they go. Sexy McHotness helps me make my way to the back of the boat. He sits & pulls me on his lap. I fall smack down on a very hard cock. I wiggle and hear him gasp.
I feel the back of my skirt being raised as the boat starts moving. The billowy skirt still covers my lap & legs. A whisper in my ear "lift up real quick". I do as he says.
At this point I'm pretty sure I'm dreaming or have lost my mind. As I sit back down, I feel my bare skin on his trunks. His hand inches beneath my skirt, pulling my suit to the side. He groans as he finds the dampness that he's caused. I look around. What the fuck are we doing?
Everyone is looking up. The boat hits a wave. Hottie's finger is violently shoved in my wet hole. Jesus! "Sorry" comes whispered in my ear.
"'S okay" is all I can get out. I feel him moving again. Oh hell.
Another whisper, "Can you stay quiet?" I shake my head yes. His finger leaves me. I moan a bit at the loss. We hit another wave and he raises me enough to shove me on his dick. We sit still as my body adjusts.
As the boat hits several waves, I'm lifted and thrust back on his cock. God yes! I have to stay quiet. Luckily the motor, waves and talking of the people around us helps to hide my whimpers and groans that slip out.
The ocean seems to be getting choppier because the boat is rising & falling fiercely. My focus is on the thick cock ramming into my dripping pussy over and over.
Oh fuck I'm close to cumming again. My new friend reaches over and pinches my clit between his fingers. I turn, bite his shoulder and try to muffle my cries. He shoves roughly into me again and empties into me as my pussy strangles his dick in waves.
Wow! The boat starts to slow. Mr. Rock my world has to get back to work. I smirk a little seeing that now I'm not the only one with shaky legs.