Let me start by saying my wife is drop dead gorgeous. She has been mistaken with Michelle Pfeifer many times. The difference is, imagine Michelle's face with slightly puffier lips, on a 5'7" 36C-24-36 tight body. We both train in Karate and she is very fit. She has a perfectly flat belly with a soft 6 pack. I have seen men actually stop talking and eating to stare when we walk to our table at restaurants. She's that beautiful. I am a very lucky man.
After 2 kids she asked
"Can I get a boob job? I know they're not bad but they're not great either."
"Of course" I said
"How much?"
"About 10 grand"
"We can do that. If it makes you happy but I love you just the way you are. I don't NEED you to change anything."
"I know. It will just make me feel better about myself. Thank you Alex. I heard about an incredible plastic surgeon. Do you want to go with me?"
'Absolutely."
I wanted bigger, she wanted smaller and we agreed on some something in the middle. She recovered quickly. Good genes and clean living I guess.
Now, not only are they perfect but, her nipples stand up like a 20 year old.
We've been married about 11 years and over the past year we started a little fantasy sex banter. We'd talk about her being exposed to other men and her being fucked by other men. We like to share our fantasies while we are in bed together. She sometimes teases me.
"I don't know Alex, maybe it's true, maybe it isn't." she would say laughing.
I get really hot thinking of her getting fucked silly and she knows it. We've also fantasized about her being taken by a bunch of frat boys to their frat house, blindfolded, stripped and strung from the ceiling helpless for anyone to do anything they want with her. This gets her really hot. She definitely has a submissive streak.
Kim loves to dress very sexy when we go out to dinner and loves to show off her incredible body. When she wants to impress, she usually accentuates her beautiful big almond shaped eyes when doing her makeup. It was summer time and she definitely likes showing skin.
We've gone on many island vacations during the winter months and my wife knows I like her to wear very skimpy clothing in warm weather. I especially love for her to wear semi see through tops with no bra. She will often surprise me by not wearing anything under the short tight skirts or dresses I buy her. I find it incredibly sexy when she is wearing a light sun dress naked underneath. You know, the kind with spaghetti straps and short. When the light hits her right you can almost see she's naked underneath. But she can't really dress that way at home.
During this particular summer, the kids were off to camp for a few weeks and we decided to take a ride from Connecticut to Rhode Island to look for some secluded beaches and have a really nice lunch somewhere. This was a great chance to dress her up or in this case dress her down to show her off at the beach and in a restaurant. She decided to wear just a little designer bikini that was probably a size too small showing her beautiful body and a sheer sarong..She knows how hot she is and loves showing off.
During our ride, I always try to get Kim to go topless or nude in the car. But she's usually afraid someone will see her and she chickens out. I know the thrill of being exposed excites her but she's been afraid to do it.
On this occasion, I was able to make her relax enough by playing with her and she got nude for me. Lying with her head in my lap, her ass across the center console so I could reach her pussy. The bottoms came off first for me to have easier access.
"Take your top off. I want you nude."
She sat up in her seat and whipped her top over her head and giggled.
"Do you mind playing with me while you drive?"
"Are you crazy? You are a goddess."
She reclined her seat.
She gets this glassed over look and seems to loose her inhibitions when she's horny like that. There she was, nude, with one foot on the dash and one up by the window humping my hand until she came.
She sat up. Looked around at the other cars, looked at me, and said
"I need you cock in my mouth."
She got on her hands and knees and started pulling my shorts down as quickly as she could and swallowed my cock.
"Oh my God", I said. "You are such an amazing cocksucker."
Seeing her in that position and exposed to anyone passing on our right, (I was in the center lane) I shot my load so powerfully, I swerved a little drawing more attention to us.
Always encouraging her to explore her more wild side, we talked mostly about sex on our drive. I know the talk also gets her worked up and I wanted to try to keep the day on a sexual high.
"Did you like cumming naked in the car?"
"You made me feel really good. I am so relaxed Alex. It was so nice after walking on that last beach." She said.
We went to a few more beaches and they weren't as great as we thought they'd be. Driving along, we saw this really funky restaurant that was serving a lobster and Champaign lunch special. Now if there's anything that gets Kim going, it's Champaign, and she loves being in a really nice restaurant.
"What do you think?"
"Looks like the place!"
For a beach spot, it was pretty elegant. White tablecloths and crystal glasses. Fairly busy but not over crowded. We were sun drenched and salty. I threw a shirt on and Kim still in her bikini, wrapped herself in her sarong. We were brought to a high top out on the balcony and ordered our lobsters. Our complimentary glass of Champaign was poured as we sat and I ordered a bottle.
"Do I look OK?"
"Oh my God Kim, you are so hot."
She giggled.
We were so relaxed. We were thirsty from all the sun and our Champaign was flowing pretty easy.
"It was so funny watching you stroll up that beach trying to act so sexy for me and your boob was hanging out."
"Oh my God. I had no idea."
"I was waiving my arms at you but you were so intent on looking sexy coming out of the water and walking toward me you weren't even paying attention. "
"I guess I gave everyone a pretty good show."
We laughed a lot. The sun and drink were having their effect.
I made a point of drinking a lot of water because I was driving but Kim just drank that Champaign.
"You look amazing Kim. The most beautiful woman in here by far."
She was beaming.
"Show me your tits."
She made a face, rolled her eyes, smirked and of course she pulled her top down one tit to show me and laughed.
"Now both have been out. She said. That's the other one that didn't get out on the beach."
We both laughed.
"Would you show me your pussy?"
"No!"
I pouted.
She looked around the room, rolled her eyes, looked at me and untied her bikini bottom on both sides in one swift move flipping down the front over the edge of the bar stool. Lifting her arms wide from her bikini bottom in a bird flapping motion, I could tell she was feeling no pain from the drink.
"Is this what you want?"
I looked under the table and saw a clear view of that beautiful bald eagle. She spread her legs to give me a great shot. Now I had a perfect view from my vantage point but no one could see anything except there was nothing on the sides of her legs under her sarong. So anyone else looking at her knew something looked pretty sexy over at our table but nothing more.
"Holy shit Kim"
She had this wicked grin on her face as her nostrils flared. I couldn't believe my eyes but I loved how bold she was being. She touched her self -right there in the restaurant and laughed. Her sarong was pretty shear but she just covered her shoulders a little and sat up straight and took another gulp of her Champaign. She really didn't cover her lap.
"Are you having fun?" I asked
"I am. "
" I love when you are like this"
"Me too." She giggled
Our waiter approached the table with our Lobsters and as he went to serve Kim hers, her natural reaction was to lean back from the table not thinking. Our waiter almost dropped both plates. He froze, and took a long look as he put her plate down. He tore his gaze away to serve me mine and saw me looking at him and he turned away beet red.
As we ate, I could see Kim looking at him and couldn't believe her reaction when their eyes met. It was lust. He was quite young and a good-looking kid. We ate and laughed and both noticed him frequenting our table wanting to be very attentive.
""More Champaign Miss?"
"Oh yes, definitely." She beamed at his admiration.
She never covered up.
"Well, I wonder why we've been getting such good service." I laughed.
"Do you think he liked what he saw?"
"Are you kidding? I wonder if other people can see that boner in his pants."
She liked that. And slowly and carefully, as she looked around to not attract attention, Kim pulled that bikini bottom out from under her and handed it to me over the table.
"You are insane. And I love it. Do you want him?"
Her eyes got big. Flared her nostrils and said
"Maybe" with an evil look in her eyes.
We talked and laughed for God knows how long. The waiter came to our table and I engaged him in conversation. Kim was squirming and all 3 of us knew why. I'd never seen her this uninhibited.
"I think I'm a bit tipsy honey."
"That's ok, you can rest a bit on the way home."
Well, Kim never did put that bottom back on and when we left she just got up with that see through wrap around her and walked out the door. It did cover her, but it was sheer.
The few people who were left dining were all staring. Probably in shock, I noticed everyone's conversation stopped. Clearly bottomless and visible, she strolled out and slowly walked seductively back to our car. I looked back and our waiter, the poor kid, was standing on the balcony looking out at us.
"He's watching your ass"
"Umm, He was cute" she said not looking back.
When we got to the car, she took my hand and put it on her pussy. She was so hot she came in a few seconds before I even started the car. She stuck her ass up, knees on her seat and over the center console, pulled my cock out and sucked me deep and hard and I came in like 30 seconds. We agreed nothing could top this and decided to just go home for a night of fucking.
Chapter 2
We got back on the highway and she was still bottomless and just nodded off a little with the wickedest smile on her face. We were driving for a while and hit a huge traffic jam. She woke up. I didn't want to be a downer so I didn't say anything. I just turned up the music and lit a joint.
We each took a few hits and I was trying to get forward by switching lanes back and forth. Kim was swaying in her seat.
"Great tunes" she said swaying to the music.
For a moment, we were next to a car of pretty young guys. She noticed them looking at her through the window.
"Frat Boys" she said with that wicked smile.
In a flash, she rolled the window down, pulled her top off over her head and wagged her beautiful tits at them out the window.
I couldn't believe she just did that.
She was laughing and they were now hanging out the windows
"Hey show us more"
I was trapped in traffic and my wife is nude next to me showing her tits to a car full of young studs.
She looked at me, then at them and just laughed. She had definitely shed her inhibitions. I saw an exit ahead and wanted to make a break for it. I pulled into the breakdown lane to get away from there, and I noticed a little disappointment in her.
I looked at her
"Do you want to fuck them?"
She looked at me, hesitated a long time, and said
"I'm afraid."
In my mind that was not "no".
Of course they followed. I pulled off the exit and it was one of those exits with nothing there.
"What are you doing Alex?"
"Relax Baby. They're following us."
She froze in her seat. Didn't cover up. She just stared ahead and got that glassed over look in her eye.
I drove down a bit and saw a dirt road off the main road. I pulled in and she looked at me and said, "Alex, no, I can't. I'm afraid"
I smiled to her and said "Don't worry Kim, I wont let anyone hurt you."
Her shoulders relaxed a little but she still looked pretty nervous and just starred forward. She was a deer in the headlights. And she was not making any attempt to cover herself up or maybe she didn't realize she was naked. I'm not sure.
I stopped and they were right behind us.
"Are they behind us?"
"Yes. I'm going to get out and talk with them. Let's play Kim. This is a dream come true. I'll be right here with you"
She just sat there staring forward.
I got out of the car and they all piled out. There were 5 guys and they were all pretty young. Definitely college kids I thought. They stopped in their tracks when they saw me. I'm not that big or anything but I've been told I'm intimidating looking.
I could see Kim from behind still just sitting there looking forward- nude and wrapped in her sarong.
"Boy's we can all have a good time but lets just be gentle with her OK? She's a little nervous."
I think they were in shock with what was coming and all just nodded ok. I knew I was in complete control of the situation.
I walked to the passenger side of the car and opened the door. She looked at me a little fearful.
I said "common, baby, it's ok."
They were following.
She hesitated, looked up at me, glassed over, and stepped out.
As she stepped out, she was a vision with that sarong around her and nothing else. She made eye contact with me and I'm not sure I'd ever seen her look so hot like that before. She had this look like she was no longer in control of her actions. She was in a complete fog.
I could see them all ogling and knew at that moment this was going to happen.
We all just stood there for a minute. Kim stood holding her sarong and stood by the car door.
"Hi I'm Rick." One of the boys said
"I..I... I'm Kim" she stuttered meekly.
It broke the ice.
Another guy, Bill, stepped up and said "Kim, you are gorgeous."
"Thanks"
She relaxed her shoulders a little I could see.
I took Kim by the hand and started walking to the front of the car, she looked deeply into my eyes and I saw she was in a deep fog. As we walked, her sarong fell off and she was completely nude in front of all of them. She didn't even react.
I scooped it up as we walked and I saw all the guys were instantly pulling their clothes off. I took Kim in my arms and squeezed her tight and gave her a very passionate kiss.
"I love you Kim."
Threw her wrap on the hood, lowered her to the hood of the car.
" I love you too" in a dreamy whisper.
She wrapped her legs around me. I was rock hard but still fully clothed. She started dry humping my bulging cock She was holding me as I pulled away and lightly stroked her clit.
She moaned.
"Alex"
"Let go Baby. Let's enjoy this. It's ok."
As I pulled away, Rick stepped in with his hard on sticking out. As he approached her, she spread her legs. She looked amazing with those beautiful perky breasts and her legs spread with that magical bald pussy. He took her legs and slid her down the hood and entered her. She was sopping wet.
"Oh, Oh. Oh....my God...... so good. Ah. Yes Yes. Oh Alex, he's fucking me."
She was a bucking on his cock. I had never seen any woman so hot and horny in my life. He started massaging her tits while he stroked in her.
Bill went right to the other side to start kissing her and touching her.
She was moaning deeply and loudly.
"I need your cock in my mouth" She softly moaned.
As his cock touched her lips, her eyes rolled back in her head.
"Oh Godddd. Oh Shit!" Kim cried.
Bucking, she came hard as she grabbed Bill's cock and started sucking.
Kim took her first load in her mouth while Rick kept pile driving.
Now Kim is one of those girls that's pretty hard to make cum more than twice in a whole day. Not only had she cum in the car on the way to Rhode Island, she came after the restaurant. Now she came a 3rd time.
Another kid stepped over and tapped Rick and to my surprise Rick pulled out.
Kim started stroking her wet cunt.
"Ohh, Please don't stop. Please." She whimpered.
The next guy immediately stepped between her legs.
"Oh, yes, fuck me please."
Boy that didn't take long for her to completely let go I thought.
Rick went right to Kim's side and gently pulled her head and she immediately took his cock in her mouth as kid #3 entered her. This guy started fucking her fast and hard. Kim whimpered as he went in to the hilt.
Her moaning now had turned into a muffled scream on Rick's cock in her mouth.
It was amazing to watch.
Rick came in Kim's mouth and she drank it right down. She always loved the taste of cum I thought. As he pulled out of her mouth, she looked at one of the other boys, number 4, and reached out for him pulling him by his cock to her mouth.
The kid #3 fucking her came hard and filled her pussy.
Just then guy #5 stepped up, picked her up and flipped her over on her belly on the edge of the front of the car with her dripping pussy hanging off the edge of the hood. She saw his cock and gasped. This guy was pretty big. Way bigger than me.
She got on her elbows and said to #4, "Give me your cock back"
#5 started pounding away and she was wilder than I've ever seen her. Actually, I guess I'd never seen her with a cock in her pussy and her mouth.
"Fuck Me. Yes Yes Yes." Harder. Oh God you feel so good." In between breaths.
#4 came in her mouth.
Wow what a site. She was looking hungry for another cock in her mouth and one of them who must have recovered from watching this wild animal obliged her while the one with the big cock grabbed her hips and really went at her.
Now her grunts were more guttural and I think the guy in her mouth exploded by the sounds she was making vibrating through his cock which she now had down her throat on every stroke. Stroke grunt breath. Stroke grunt breath. I just couldn't believe this incredibly beautiful creature was engaging with these guys in a frenzy.
I really wanted her but I wanted her to experience this without me interfering. As the guy was pumping her mouth, I could see her start rocking on the guys cock between her legs from behind and literally screamed
"Oh God, Fuck Fuck Fuck Ahhhhhh." Pretty loud.
...and came yet again. Her 4th time I thought. A new record! This made him fill her with more cum. She just slipped off the car and onto the ground. Her legs were like jello. She looked up, and reached out and grabbed the guy she had been sucking by his cock, pulled herself to her knees using his cock to steady herself, and blew him with all of us watching in amazement. I could see her take him down her throat. He came fast.
Kim just collapsed on the ground in the grass. She was spent and laid on her side.
You could see the cum dripping from her hot, bright red glistening cunt. She was still lightly air humping. Moaning quietly. She was a vision. Her ass looked so good and I was so hot for her.
I pulled down my swim suit with one hand, grabbed her with the other, and pulled her onto my lap facing all the guys and stuck my cock right into her ass that was all slimy and wet from all the cum. It happened so fast she didn't have time to react.
"Oh my God, Alex, please no."
I immediately started playing with her clit and I felt her loosen and clench on my cock. She started riding up and down on my cock now buried deep in her ass. I could only imagine how beautiful she looked. I told her to look at all the boys and thank them.
Then she blew me away.
"Yes sir... TTTTThaaaank yooouu boys.. " in a whisper. And started screaming.
"I'll do anything...... you say.... Alex. I'm cumming I'm cumming again!!. Oh God..."
I think they were in shock seeing this beautiful woman bucking with a cock up her ass and those perky tits bouncing in their faces. She was completely submissive and fully exposed. They were all frozen watching her.
I took her and kept pounding her and came in her ass. She rolled over on her belly and just laid there in the grass with her legs just spread slightly and her perfect ass pushed up a little. They rolled her over and her legs just flopped open and her perfect tits were standing at attention.
"Alex, I can't."
Bill hadn't fucked her and he entered her from behind. I heard an "umph" but that was it. She just laid there.
I pulled a joint from my shirt pocket and lit it while she was getting fucked again. Bill came and rolled off of her and she just laid there for a quite few minutes.
Finally, Kim started to perk up and sat up. She was definitely a mess but was still beautiful. I handed her the sarong and she loosely wrapped herself. We were all sitting there Kim slid close to me.
I offered her a hit but she just waved it away and smiled at me. I passed it around with the guys as they started putting their clothes on. They were all college kids from URI and were in some summer program there. Nice kids. One kid went and got a few beers from their car and They stopped drinking their beers and I watched them watching her.
She looked at them and said, "it felt so good."
Everyone laughed.
"For us too Kim" one of them said.
We partied for a while and she was quiet. She passed out on my shoulder.
"I've got to get her home guys. She's had enough"
I picked her up, put her dripping body back in the car and she curled up into a ball on the passenger seat.
"Thanks Man. She's incredible. If you ever want a repeat performance let us know."
I said "Probably not but you never know."
I turned my car around and drove out. By this time the traffic jam was gone. It had gotten near dark. We drove silently for quite a while. Kim was the first to speak.
"Do you still love me?"
"Oh Honey, I love you more than ever."
But I acted like such a slut, why would you ever want to be with me again?" I'm so embarrassed.
"Kim, you are the most beautiful creature I have ever met both inside and out. Nothing could make me happier than to see you fulfill a fantasy and truly enjoy releasing your uninhibited lust. I could never love anyone more for sharing this amazing experience with me."
After a while she started moving around and used one of the beach towels to clean herself up.
"yuck"
She finally put her bikini back on and fell asleep.. By the time we got home, a few hours later, she had already soaked through her bottoms. We went upstairs, and I kissed her deeply, looked into her eyes
"I love you Kim." I wanted to make love but I knew she was sore.
I put her in the shower and lovingly washed her and sponged her body from top to bottom. As I shampooed her hair, and washed her pussy and ass with the sponge very slowly and gently. She just cooed. I carried her to bed and crawled in next to her. We both slept deeply.