Steph sat on the sofa in our mood lit lounge. She had dimmed our lights to give the room a warm sultry glow to set the mood for impending fucking on the end of Carl's huge cock. Stretching out on the sofa her legs were wide open displaying her smooth shaved pussy to me as she stroked her slightly swollen labia. She was whispering softly as she teased her clit.
"Mmmm it's going to be awesome having Carl's huge cock slide into my hot wife pussy while my inadequate husband watches a real man pleasure his wife!" she taunted with the most devilish grin..
"I'll let Carl take all of my holes if he wishes, as a real man with a huge cock can do to his slut anything he desires!" she smiled as she dipped a finger in to her hungry slit.
I stared at my former loyal wife as she went into great detail how stretched and full her pussy feels when Carl feeds his Anaconda cock inside her. She detailed how his cock bangs at her cervix, almost instructing her to open her womb and let his hot spicy seed fertilise her womanhood. She raised her hips off the sofa as her first orgasm of the evening spread through her excited pussy. I watched transfixed as my wife held her shaved pussylips wide open, showing me her pink wet interior and looked directly into my eyes as she said.
"Carl will stretch this tight unfaithful cunt so much tonight!" she giggled as she taunted me, gaining smug satisfaction from my obvious discomfort.
Before I could react, the sound of the doorbell echoed in our hallway. I rose from my seat to greet my wife's black lover at our door. I opened the door to find Carl standing there with his suitcase accompanied by a tall, muscular framed shaven headed white guy. They both stepped into the hallway and Carl said.
"Hi Wilf this is Neil. He's come to help me pleasure your white bitch!" he smiled as he extended his hand to shake mine. I shook his hand and looked somewhat bewildered as Neil smiled at me holding out his hand for a handshake. I graciously shook his hand and closed the front door. Both guys had made their way into our lounge to witness Steph sprawled out on the sofa wearing her Stockings, PVC Garter belt and high heels. Her shaved pussy was glistening invitingly as she smiled at the guys. Neil looked at her huge aureole and jewelled nipples and gasped.
"Fucking hell, look at the size of her Nipples! They look like huge pink saucers!" he laughed staring at my wife's huge firm breasts. Steph looked him in the eye as she began to stroke her large pink aureole, flicking her pierced nipples with her long taloned nails. Steph has always been proud of her huge aureole and pierced nipples, always ensuring that they would be a feature guys see. She would wear almost transparent tops or bikinis to display her prized assets where it was evident the size of her aureole would be visible. Her huge breasts have always been attention grabbers, and they have been grabbed many times in the past. Her breast surface is one huge erogenous zone and she has been known to orgasm just from having her magnificent breasts stroked or lavished with attention. Her breasts heaved up and down as she walked over to Neil and brushed her moist lips across his. Her tongue darted in his mouth as he swirled his own tongue around hers,
Carl laughed shaking his head and said
"The slut is horny tonight! Good job I brought the extra cock along" he laughed as I grimaced at the prospect of my wife enjoying both young virile cocks. Steph was already stroking Neil's prominent bulge as she kissed him passionately, moaning at the size of his prominent erection.
"Cool it guys we need to get the tattoo finished first!" Carl interrupted.
Steph broke free from Neil's mouth and Stood in front of Carl as he prepared his tattoo gun. I pushed the coffee table over without being prompted as Carl laid out his Inks and gun.
Steph smiled at Carl as she plonked herself on the sofa, opening her legs wide, displaying her shaved mound and the existing tattoo "This pussy belongs too...".
Carl looked at me and said
"Maybe you should go into the kitchen until the tattoo is finished. Steph has surprise for you regarding her tattoo!" he smiled
I nodded my head obediently and walked into our kitchen. I could hear giggling as Steph spoke softly.
"It's fucking horny seeing him acting like a little lost boy!" she smirked.
"I'll finger your pussy while Carl finishes the tattoo!" Neil suggested.
"If she squirms and I mess this up I'll fucking slap you!" Carl laughed.
The first sound I heard was the squelching of my wife's pussy as Neil began to finger her unfaithful. Next sound was her moans and whimpering from the obvious pleasures of Neil's fingering technique. I remembered that both guys fingered her pussy and ass in the shop and I assumed that's what was occurring in my lounge right now, judging from the moans Steph was emanating. The next sound was the gentle buzz of Carl's tattoo gun. I heard Steph let out tiny "Ooh" as the needle broke her skin, spreading its ink into her smooth shaved flesh.
"Is that what you wanted?" Neil enquired as he watched Carl permanently mark the flesh of my wife.
"Looks sexy doesn't it?" Steph giggled.
"Your shaved slut pussy always looks sexy!" Neil confirmed, which assured me that this was not the first time he'd seen her naked shaved slit.
Steph continued to giggle as Neil fingered her and Carl completed her tattoo.
"I think I'll have some more tattoo's Carl. Any suggestions?" Steph enquired as the buzzing stopped, leading me to believe that the tattoo was now complete.
"Have a think what you'd like and we'll sort something out, and we'll sort you out at the same time!" Carl laughed.
"That looks slutty and fucking brilliant!" Steph exclaimed as she moaned her way to orgasm from Neil's exploring digits.
"You look slutty!" Carl stated "This just confirms it!" he continued "You can come through Wilf" Carl yelled.
I obediently walked into the lounge to see Steph sprawled on the sofa with Neil's fingers blasting her pussy. Her hips were rotating enjoying his fingering thrusts, when I caught a glimpse of her tattoo. The shock hit me at what she had on her shaven mound as a permanent statement. "This Pussy belongs too..." then a jet black spade tattoo just after the full stops. She was now a black cock whore and the tattoo was proof. She looked into my eyes and smiled the most wicked, lustful smile.
"Not just black cocks honey, but big cocks also" she taunted as she began to unbuckle Neil's belt.
She unfurled Neil's rather large cock from its restraints and began to stroke the hard meaty cock. Taking his cock to her lips she began to lick and kiss the tip slowly and deliberately, all the while transfixing her gaze at me. The lustful look in her eyes as she slid her lips over his blood engorged helmet, as her eyes rolled white with desire at the cock in her mouth. Carl calmly removed his clothes as Neil removed his shirt. Both guys were built like bodybuilders with huge cocks and the sight of their nakedness was driving Steph wild with desire. Carl and Neil were both proudly sprouting full blown erections as Steph sucked Neil's large cock as she stroked Carl's huge Anaconda. I noticed both guys were shaved, which made their huge cocks look even bigger. Steph was now lost in a world of lust as she played with the two cocks expertly. Something told me this was not the first time she had played with these cocks as all of their antics seemed so natural. My eyes darted back to her new tattoo as Neil's fingers pushed against the front wall of her pussy making the spade tattoo move in time with his busy fingers. Steph looked at her new tattoo and smiled as she took turns in sucking Neil and Carl's cocks. She removed the cocks from her mouth to allow her to breathe as her strong lusty orgasm swept through her. A gush of liquid sprang from her shaved pussy as Neil finger blasted her cunt. Steph held her legs wide open, watching the fluid squirt over Neil's hand. Panting furiously she threw her head back and whispered.
"Fuck me with these big cocks!"
Carl and Neil laughed as Carl said.
"I'll fuck your ass and Neil will fuck your pussy again!"
This confirmed to me that this was most definitely not the first time she had enjoyed these cocks. I knew they had both fingered her in the shop, but I was blissfully unaware that both guys had fucked her.
Neil sat on the sofa next to Steph as he pulled her sexy curvy body across his lap. Her stockinged legs parted as she straddled his huge muscular thighs. Holding his cock at the base, she guided his huge hard cock into her shaved slut pussy. His cock slid inside her effortlessly as she moaned a throaty moan as the meaty cock stretched her pussy. She leant forward and kissed him passionately as Carl took up position behind her, spitting on his huge black cock he held the tip at her sphincter and slid his black snake inside her tight asshole. Her sphincter stretched as the anaconda slid inside her, snapping tight around his smooth black cock. He groaned at the tightness of her pussy as he continued feeding his shiny black pole into her puckered tight ring.
Steph groaned with sexual delight at the stretching sensations of the huge cocks invading her ass and pussy. Neil was sucking on her huge tits which always send her wild with desire but the addition of having these huge cocks fuck her was more sexual antagonism than she thought possible. She was sobbing with sexual pleasure as she fucked the cocks, slowly moving on the impaling weapons, enjoying every minute sensation the cocks were providing.
I could not be sure how many orgasms she was experiencing or whether it was one long continuous orgasm. The only thing I can state with conviction was that she had never been so aroused or received such sexual pleasure in her life.
She was no longer taunting me as all of her sexual concentration was required for the onslaught these cocks were providing. Fucking the two cocks, decked out in her stockings and garters, being stretched to her limit was the most erotic vision I have ever witnessed. I could swear that at one point she had passed out from sexual bliss, her body hung limply between the two guys as the used her for their sexual gratification. Her moaning returned as she began to ride the cocks once, informing the guys that she wanted their come on her new tattoo.
"Spread your wedding finger over your tattoo as I'm going to spunk on that! Carl said rather menacingly.
"Good Call!" laughed Neil "I'll spray the unfaithful sluts wedding ring also.
I thought they could not shock or humiliate any more than they had so, but hearing them call my wife an unfaithful slut and that they were going to come on her wedding, took me further down the path to complete humiliation.
Carl and Neil removed their cocks at the same time. Carl knelt on the sofa as Neil pushed my wife onto her back.
"Hold your cunt open, you cheating slut!" Neil snarled as my wife spread her legs, displaying her gaping cunt and ass.
Her hands spread out across her shaved mound as her wedding finger rested on the new tattoo. Both guys began to stroke their cocks furiously as my wife looked on with the sexiest dirty smile ever. Carl was the first to explode.
"Oh fuck! You dirty cheating slut!" as copious amounts of his manly seed drowned her wedding ring.
Neil followed instantly holding the tip of his penis as thick globules of spunk spattered my wife's wedding ring.
As he convulsed his last spurt, he looked at my smiling and said.
"Lick all the spunk off your wedding finger you cheating whore!"
My wife moaned with delight at the verbal onslaught and lifted her creamy coated fingers to her mouth. She began to lick the spunk off her wedding ring, looking me directly in the eye as she proudly swallowed the deposit of the guys. My humiliation was now complete as my wife began to stroke both semi erect cocks.
"There's nothing more for you to see here. I'm taking these two upstairs where they're going to fuck all my holes in our marital bed. You can sleep on the sofa listening to your cheating wife get used by these two big cocks!" Steph taunted with a sneering lustful smile.
I swear I could feel the slightest twitch in my groin as she walked out of the lounge holding the cocks of the two guys.