Ever since being watched by the construction crew next door (in Spanish Fly), the show for Curt, my best friend (The Exhibitionist) Karen loves showing off her body. Her stage performances (The Exhibitionist 2) made her want more men to watch her and added a little sex to the mix. (The Exhibitionist 3) Karen took her act to work and then home to her family in (The Exhibitionist 4). Cumming full circle, Karen and I have been sharing and playing with others. My best friend come over and well here is the story.
So when you take on a major backyard project sometimes it takes longer than you expect, but with the Gazebo some help and encouragement eventually it starts coming together, the gazebo/"Naked Room" as Karen calls it was that way. It is not a gazebo in the traditional manner, you know six sided open walls type of thing, 14 by 18 single slope with a privacy wall and a patio block floor opening into a yard area also very private or at least when it is finished this is what we have in mind. Eventually a water feature and more as we go. Most the work I do myself with some help from time to time from my best friend Curt, the shade was up and the privacy walls and I was starting on the block floor. Two inches thick and a foot square they weigh around ten pounds each and need a sand base to set them into. About four inches of sand would bring the base I had dug out up to the level I needed for the bricks, one section at a time three sections should about do it. I drove to town and picked up a load of sand in my old dodge, she's rough but can handle the weight, I hauled a yard back from the gravel yard and went after a second load when Curt called.
"Want some help?" He asked.
"Sure come on out I'll be out back working." I was starting to shovel off the second load when Karen came out to check on me, carrying a glass of ice tea. Now Karen is a looker, 5'7" around 150 and curvy, a PAWG someone had called her, I had to look it up, "Phat Ass White Girl". Her 40 D's off set her wide hips and she wiggles them a bit at me and I do anything, i.e. the naked room. She was wearing my favorite sun dress, one she wears around the house mostly when we are alone cuz it is see through, from the neighbors it covers but if your with in twenty feet you can see right through it.
"Want to take a break?" she asked as she neared, glass in hand. I could see she was wearing a pair of shorts under it but nothing else, her breasts bouncing with each step.
"Break, I could stop and play."
"Hey now!" she replied, "Till your work is done all you get is a show." She squeezed her arms together pulling her breasts up and out. Wiped the cold glass across her nipples making them hard. Karen's nipples are something to behold, large always say the size of a half inch drill bit and when teased or she gets excited they stick out, even a bra won't keep them down. She let them bounce back into place and handed the glass up to me in the truck.
I stuck the shovel into the sand and took a drink, "Besides Curt will be coming out to give me a hand."
"Really? How soon?" she was giving me her sexy tease voice, "you would rather play with him than me?" she thrust her pouty lip and her chest at me.
"Yes!" I teased back, "I would rather be out here shoveling sand with some sweaty guy instead of playing with my wife," Karen stuck her tongue out at me. I laughed "besides he is here now."
"Hey" Curt rounded the privacy fence carrying a shovel and a leveling rake, wearing his usual weekend garb, a short sleeved shirt, knee length shorts, boots and a straw hat. The red head keeps pretty fit and he and I work on each other's yards and other projects regularly. He wasn't quite ready for what Karen was wearing and stopped short, unable to keep from looking her over. "OH."
Karen turned toward him, I noticed her cheeks slightly turn pink and her nipples harden, "Can you believe he would rather play with you than with me?"
Curt looked her over, as she stood there her hands on hips, she was obviously showing off for him, by pulling the see through cloth tight to her breasts. "You know I've always said the man is a fool!"
Karen laughed and let the shirt go slack, not that it interfered much with the view. "You want some tea too?" she asked as she walked past him.
"No but I'm willing to take his place playing, if you need me too." Curt's eyes were glued to her chest.
"Thanks, I'll call Nita and ask her if its ok."
"Crap!" Curt exclaimed, "That kills that idea." Karen laughed and headed back towards the house.
We stood and watched her retreat back to the house the light material leaving little to the imagination, just a strip of dark colored shorts then her legs. Neither of us spoke we just watched, as she stepped in the door our trance broke.
"If she weren't your wife..." Curt trailed off.
"All you got to do is get Nita's permission," I replied, "Karen might give you a tumble."
"Yeah like that's going to happen."
Karen & I have done a little swapping and Curt knows it. But Nita has never been interested, although Karen keeps working on her, slow and easy she seemed to be coming around maybe, not that she or we would tell Curt. Hate to get the boys hopes up. Karen does like to tease him though on a regular basis.
We went to work, the morning sun warmed us up quickly and we soon had the sand in place and were ready to go get a load or two more to finish the job.
Karen returned, and received sounds of deep sighs of disappointment from both of us. "What? You guys have a problem?"
Almost in unison we answered "You changed clothes!" Karen was in Jeans, had the sun dress tucked in as a shirt with a tee shirt under it, all covered up she left us with only our imaginations, even though her nipples still poked out, we both pouted.
"I thought you said this was the Naked Room." Curt jokingly leered over at Karen as if to look down her shirt.
"Deal with it boys, I'm going to town and I need a little more."
"No one would object," Curt laughed, "at least if they are male."
Karen was blushing a bit, "So do you want anything from town?"
"Lunch would be good," Mitch replied.
"And beer." Curt added, "You can't expect a guy to work for nothing can you?"
"Don't worry Sweetie," Karen grinned at Curt, "I'm sure you will get your just rewards. I will be back in an hour or so." She kissed me and headed off to town.
Well back to work," Mitch slapped Curt on the shoulder, "If we take both trucks we can have it all ready for patio blocks this afternoon." Both of us own ¾ ton pickups so it was no problem getting what we needed for sand. We had Curt's truck unloaded and had backed mine up when Karen arrived with lunch.
She came out of the house carrying a bucket o chicken and a six pack, still in her jeans with the sun dress tucked in, but the tee shirt was gone. "I hope this works," Karen smiled standing just out of the shade in the sun made the shirt even more transparent. "I hate hearing you boys complain." I wasn't sure if she was talking about the food or what she was wearing.
Curt's mouth hung open for a moment not knowing what to say, then he stumbled out "Uh yeah, that's us fine. You even got beer, but not enough."
Karen giggled, "I have more. Don't worry I won't let you boys get thirsty." We sat and ate as Karen chatted with us, enjoying the attention she was getting from Curt. She rose from her chair and grabbed the food that was left. "I will check on you boys later." Smiling she gave me a kiss and bounced her boobs just a bit, then headed to the house.
An hour or so later we were finished with the sand and starting to place the bricks. The sun had gotten warmer and both of us were sweating and removed our shirts. We would place two rows then "Sand in" the two previous rows, basically cover them with sand to set them in place, later we will sweep off the extra sand not holding them into place.
"You boys ready for a couple more beers?" Karen was back, having lost her jeans wearing only a set of light blue panties under the transparent dress. "It looks like you are nearly done." She commented as she handed the each a beer.
"You look like your nearly Nekked!" Curt retorted.
Karen shook her hips sending her breasts bouncing, "What do you have left to do?
"Oh in half an hour or so we should have them all in place and sanded down." I answered her question.
"Then what..." she was doing some sort of shuffle dance like she couldn't keep still, her breasts stayed in constant motion. "OK then, I'll be back with more beer to see how you boys did." Karen started to leave, then turned back towards Curt. "So did you ask Nita?"
"About what?"
"Gee, you are a little slow aren't you?" Karen gave him a funny look as she played with the bottom of her shirt curling it up in her hands, it pulled the fabric tight against her breasts, and her nipples were hard. The hem climbed above the waist line on her panties, a dark area was visible and a wet spot. "You need to ask her. Cuz I want to reward you both for all your hard work." She walked away, shirt still pulled above her panties, her ass swinging.
"FUCK ME!" Curt exclaimed as she stepped into the house.
"I believe that is what she had in mind." I chuckled to myself, I knew Karen was up to something. "You better check with Nita. Knowing my wife, well she has."
"What?" Curt looked at me strangely. "She what?"
I went back to work or at least tried.
"What do you mean she checked with Nita?"
I set the next stone.
"What do you mean SHE CHECKED WITH NITA!?"
I was holding the next brick and he was in my way, "Think about it, you have known my wife for a long time, she ever not get what she wants eventually?"
Curt moved around picking up the next stone and followed me to place them. "Well... no."
"Then you better check with Nita."
We set the next two rows up finishing the set. "Really? Curt asked again.
"Before she gets back out here."
I started covering the stones with sand while Curt grabbed his cell phone. He punched a couple numbers in and listened to it ring. "She cut me off." He sounded worried, then he redialed. "She cut me off again." He stared at the phone, it beeped that he had a text. He read it out loud. "OK, but remember I get my turn... What is she talking about?"
"I think she is talking about the deal I made with her so that you and I could fuck." Curt and I turned to see Karen with a six pack in each hand and nothing on under the transparent outfit, looking very sexy and turned on. "There are only two things left for you to do, then we can play." She stood before us and slipped the sun dress off standing nude before us. She walked up close to Curt "you have to agree that Nita gets her own threesome."
"Oh yeah No problem..." he was panting with excitement.
"The threesome is her and I," Karen grabbed his belt and unbuckled it as his hands fondled her breast.
"Sounds Great, let's do it soon!"
He was already abut to blow his wad, when she said "and Mitch." His pants fell to the floor, his cock was standing at attention, but starting to fade as he realized what she said.
"And Mitch?" he quizzed. His swollen member softening quickly. Karen moved against him taking his member in hand. Her breasts brushing against his chest as her fingers worked magic bringing him back to life.
Karen knelt and slid his cock into her mouth the swelling quickly returned, "So do you agree or do I quit now." Sliding it back in as she finished her statement she sucked it deep down her throat.
"Any... anything just don't stop..." Curt was caught in the vortex of Karen's lips. His head rolled as she rolled his cock with her tongue.
I loved watching her pleasure him, I stepped over to the truck and grabbed the camera, I had been photographing our progress and now had a more interesting subject. 'CLICK, CLICK,' Karen rolled open am eye at me and smiled with her mouth full of cock as I came in for a close up.
"Mmmmm!" she moaned popping his cock out then sucking it back into her mouth, sometimes sliding down his ball sack and sucking on his balls. Karen was working it hard and I noticed her pussy was wet and dripping, so I dropped my pants and move my own hard on up behind her, bumping and sliding the length of my cock across her wet lips. She shivered with an orgasmic pleasure without stopping the work she was doing to Curt's cock. She moved her legs apart giving me more access and I slid deep inside her burying my shaft all the way. She clamped down hard as I slipped back out then in again. "Awawaawaoooh" she moaned around his cock. I slipped out again this time all the way out and teased her clit by rubbing my cock up and down her cunt she was moaning louder vibrating Curt's cock in her mouth as I teased then slammed back into her, shoving his cock down her throat, gagging her for a moment. As I slipped out again she released his cock from her mouth and turned looking at me. "Careful big boy." She chided me while moving backwards towards Curt "you must be nice and share with your friend." Curt's hands were guiding her ass back allowing him to slide his cock down the crack and across her pussy, Karen squealed and shuttered, she arched bent in the middle and reached up sliding his cock in where mine had just left. He immediately started slamming into her and back almost out, her DD breasts bouncing with each thrust. I grabbed the cam, switched it to video and watched her get pounded as her boobs jiggled and flopped in every direction.
It was hat to watch, soon the camera was down again and I was stroking in time with them, Karen grabbed me to steady herself allowing my cock to smack her in the face as Curt thrust her towards it, then he went stiff holding her on his dick as he twitched and exploded his load deep inside her. He would twitch, she would shutter banging my dick with her nose, her hair rubbing on my belly. Karen's hot panting breath blowing across the pink head of my cock got it harder with each breath. Curt slid back a bit then thrust in once more causing Karen's head to bounce into my stomach, that in turn caused my hardened member to bounce up, her tongue darted out wetting the top making it even more sensitive to her breaths. Curt moved again pumping her again, pulling her hips toward him while pushing his own forward deeper, then he stepped back slipping out his cock and pubes covered with cum and pussy juice.
Karen sagged to her knees, she grasped my hard member and looked up at me. "OK Lover, give it to me the way I like it." She sat back in the grass then lay out across it her knees up and spread, pussy still dripping fluids. Now I will admit that Curt is a bit 'thicker' than I am, but years of pleasuring my wife, knowing just what she likes does have it perks. I dropped to my knees between her legs, slapping my cock against her open lips, sliding the head around her lips lubing it with the juices she already had flowing, then slid in. SPLUGE, Gurgle, squirt, her pussy was sloppy wet and making loud noises with each stroke. I controlled the tempo, the direction and hitting her special spot with regularity. Karen was quivering her breast now flattened against her chest as the areola and nipple traveled in an oblong circle. Curt picked up the discarded camera and started pulling the trigger, Karen's eyes opened for a moment as he focused on her and she smiled, the woman loves to show off. I felt it coming as the walls of her vagina closed tighter around me, she bit her lip and using her legs pulled me in deep. Her crashing orgasm caused my balls to erupt sending my cum into the mix with her juices and Curt's leftover spunk.
I became conscious of the fact that the camera was still clicking away, Karen released her legs allowing me to slip out of her as she lie on the grass still quivering, twitching from time to time as the grass soaked up the fluid coming from her. Still clicking photos of her, Curt's mouth suddenly came to life, "Fuck Man! That was terrific! I have never done anything like that man!" Good thing the camera had a big card because he was like a kid Christmas morning showing off his new toys. "Shit, I can't believe it, I fucked you wife. That was... intense, crazy, it was phenomenal man."
Karen sat up still clearing the cobwebs from her sex addled mind, with a slight smile she said "Fuck you Curt."
"You certainly did and I want to do it again, I hope you don't mind Bud," he lightly punched me in the shoulder, "but if I could I'd fuck her every day. That was AMAZING."
"Every night might be a bit much, even when Mitch is out of town," Karen giggled, "Besides what would Nita say if you were here fucking me every night." I helped her stand up and she wandered towards where she had set the beer down when she came out.
"SHIT! FUCK! NITA...WHAT TIME IS IT, CRAP WHATAM I GOING TO TELL NITA." Curt was getting worked up.
"Don't worry about Nita," I answered.
"Don't worry? Don't worry, I just fucked the shit out of Karen." He looked at Karen who was carrying the beer over, "but I had permission... does that count?"
"It better," I answered, "because I am going to fuck the shit out of your wife Buddy."
"Me too." Karen said as she walked back to us, cigar in her mouth, three bottles of beer in her hands. "Who has a light?"