The time was now 6:30 and even though I'd jerked off all over my wife's breasts, I was still in a state of constant arousal, watching her dry herself, then rub body lotion into her awesomely sexy body.
The lotion glistening on her soft feminine skin, gleaming with a perfect glossy layer, painting her flesh in the most sexual way. I followed her into the bedroom, where she carefully and seductively chose her outfit to snare her next cock.
She'd chosen a very tight, clinging fake leather waspie with six garter straps attached. To accompany this garment of erotica, she'd chosen a matching half cup bra, same fake leather material and same ebony black colour. She picked up a packet of Aristoc Black Seamed stockings with the pointed heels. Placing the three garments on the bed she crossed over to her mirrored wardrobe and selected a pair of outrageously high spiked heeled ankle boots in a shiny black leather that laced up at the front.
She looked over at me and smiled.
"No panties tonight! I mean what's the point?" she smiled knowingly.
She walked back to her wardrobe and removed the tiniest strand of black stretch material. It was a shiny skin-tight mini dress, which would hug her body like a second skin. Her erotic underwear will protrude through the skin-tight material, emphasising her slut appearance. This type of outfit always drove the men wild, and when they notice her choice of slut underwear, there will be a concophany of erect cocks within her vicinity, all hoping to be the chosen cock!
There was no doubt about it, my Suzi would look sensational tonight!
We went downstairs to enjoy a menthol cigarette and a glass of chilled white wine. Suzi had finished applying her slut make-up and styled her hair the way she likes, opting for the just fucked look. We opened the wine, pouring a glass each and went to our patio to enjoy our cigarette.
Suzi was standing on our patio naked, apart from a pair of high heeled mule type slippers.
The setting sun was bouncing of her glossy skin as she inhaled her cigarette, blowing the smoke in my direction. I looked at my naked wife, a pure vision of unabashed lust, comfortable in her alfresco nakedness. She walked around the paved patio area, smoking her cigarette and sipping her chilled wine. Her breasts and ass moved like a slithering snake, slowly across the patio, as she turned to reveal her glass smooth shaved pussy to me.
Smiling seductively she walked slowly over to me, placing the cigarette in her mouth, she moved her empty hand over my crotch, squeezing my hard cock deliciously.
My eyes rolled and I let out a moan of sheer sexual delight as her feminine fingers gripped my cock. Her fingers moved my shaft up and down a few times in magnificent erotic strokes, making me desperate to slide my cock inside her tight pussy, but that would have to wait. She kissed my lips softly, slipping her tongue into my mouth, breathing her lust into my lungs.
"I can't wait to have a new hard cock inside me!" she breathed, almost panting with desire.
She removed her hand from my cock and smiled.
"Help me get ready!" she purred.
I followed her back into the house as we made our way upstairs, back to our bedroom. She bent over the bed with her back arched, showing of her taut glorious ass as her firm huge breasts swayed with her movement. Her shaved slit was glistening in anticipation of the pounding it will receive later. All of this was a tease for my benefit, and it definitely worked as I removed my cock and began to stroke it.
Suzi stroked my length with her fingertips and fingernails, gently scraping the length of my cock.
She passed the tiny black leather look waspie to me and whispered.
"Put this on me, extra tight!" indicating I should fasten this on the tightest hooks.
I placed the Waspie around her waist and began to fasten the hook and eyes at the back. With each clasp, the Waspie became tighter and cinched her narrow waist. When the final clasp was in place, she smoothed the leather look material, her waist looking tiny, emphasising the curves of her breasts and beautiful hips.
Next she handed the half cup black leather look bra to me, turning her back to me, I placed the cups under her breasts as she placed her arms through the shoulder straps. I fastened the bra at the back as she jiggled her breasts into the optimum position.
"Adjust my bra straps so my tits sit up proudly!" she smiled with a naughty twinkle in her eye.
I began to adjust the straps, lifting her large firm breasts higher, making them almost spill out of their cups. She repositioned the bra and seemed content with the look and effect it was having.
"You can place the stockings on my legs and fasten the starter straps securely!" she said, almost ordering me in her tone.
I opened the packet of Aristoc Black Seamed Stockings, shaking the stockings out as I removed them from the pack. I knelt on the floor in front of Suzi, eye level with the smoothest pussy in history as she placed her right foot into the black stocking. I rolled the fine nylon up her calf and thigh, ensuring the seam was straight at the back, then fastened the garter straps in place.
Taking the other stocking I repeated the process finally, till my slut wife was standing before me in her come fuck me lingerie.
I moved my head forward to inhale the intoxicating aroma of her freshly shaved pussy. Suzi held my head and pushed it into her smooth mound. I rolled my tongue up and down her shaved tight slit, flicking the tip of my tongue over her prominent clitoris.
"Oh honey that's good! Maybe you can lick the spunk out of me later!" she purred, stroking my head softly.
"Put my shoes on me please!" she asked kindly.
I stopped licking her delightful pussy and picked her shoes up. Resting her stockinged right foot on my thigh, I slid her toes into the black leather ankle boot. Once it was in comfortably, I began to tie the lace, finishing in a double bow. I repeated this activity on her left foot as the height of the heels, tightened up her calfs, making her legs look even longer than they actually are.
I looked at my slut wife, dressed as provocative as ever, ready to be fucked by a stranger.
My stomach was in knots with the anticipation of my wife impending infidelity, plus the way she looked and was dressed was making my cock throb with animal lust.
Suzi looked down at me, kneeling at her feet, as she smiled stroking my hair.
"You're a very loving husband to allow me to behave this way!" she smiled affectionately "But I know you get immense pleasure from me acting and behaving like a dirty slut!" she giggled naughtily.
Her words were accurate in that I did enjoy her antics, I loved the way she dressed and I did enjoy hearing what she got up to, even better when I get the chance to see it. Tonight I would see what she is like when I'm not there, as I had not revealed that I'd set the cameras up, so any activity would be as real as possible. I was dying to know what my wife actually said whilst being fucked by these guys when I wasn't present. I craved to know how she acted, how she moved her body and how much of a slut she would be with them. Tonight I will find out!
Suzi asked me to help her into her dress. I climbed off the floor and picked up the thin lycra mini dress. Holding it up I shook the material then held the shoulder straps.
I opened the dress at the waist and held it open for Suzi to step into. She placed both feet through the dress and I pulled it up the length of her torso. Placing her arms inside the shoulder straps, she began to smooth the dress over her erotic lingerie and outrageously sexy body.
The dress was like a second black shiny skin. Her lingerie was protruding through the thin tight material of the dress, but this only added to the slut look.
Suzi twirled around to ensure her seams were straight and that the dress was smoothed down at the back.
There is no other way of stating this than to put it simply, she looked horny as fuck!
Suzi looked quite proud of her efforts, staring at her delightful reflection in the mirror.
She turned to face me again, watching me stroke my cock, almost salivating at her awesome slut dressed body.
"No wanking until after I've been fucked!" she smiled, indicating I stop stroking my cock immediately.
"I'll be needing a hard cock and your hot spunk after I've finished being fucked!" she giggled.
I let go of my rampant cock, placing it back inside my trousers.
"I'll fetch my bag and you can drop me off at the bar, park up then take up your position and watch me get felt up before I get fucked back here!" she smiled confidently.
Suzi gathered up her bag and we headed out of the house, on the way to get Suzi some new cock!