Life has been very good to me and I am generally a happy person. It's my belief that a happy positive outlook influences the direction of one's life, and I believe this holds for both emotional and physical wellbeing. I have a job that I enjoy, coworkers that I love, and a family that I cherish. I also have a wild streak that instead of ignoring, I respect. And you cannot deny or abuse the things that you respect.
Now being able to express one's wild streak openly can cause problems not easily fixed. Because of this you must carefully choose your spots, but you also cannot let exceptional opportunities slip through your fingers. Finding that balance can be challenging, but I truly believe your heart can help find that balance. Because of this I do not easily dismiss my crushes. And those that I have crushes on are not always predictable.
My crush on Anthony was unexpected. Anthony is young and I am older, he is black and I am white, and he is single and I am married. Forgetting about age, color, and marital status, however, we are a good fit. He is tall, kind, confident, and beautiful. For someone his age, he is surprisingly articulate. His worldview is not self-centered and he truly seems to care about those around him.
And I am around Anthony two days a week. He is an intern here, a hard worker, and a joy to have around. We became fast friends and chatted while he worked, and eventually began to trade emails when he wasn't here. We discussed everything and, although I could not deny my attraction to him, I felt very much like a maternal figure -- especially when giving my opinions on politics, classes, women, etc.
Given my perceived role in his life, I didn't anticipate his request. In a very short email, Anthony asked if I would pretend to be his girlfriend. When I realized he was serious, I told him we needed to meet to discuss this request. The meeting went better than I thought.
"Are you serious, Anthony?"
"Ya, as a heart attack. It'll blow their minds."
"Is that all you care about?" I probed just a touch, to see if there was anything deeper.
"All I care about? No, come on, that's not fair. We have a cool friendship, so you know I care about more than just fucking with my friends."
And there it was, a subtle admission. Sure, this was a guy thing. And it was true that he could impress a few visiting friends by dating an older, married, white woman. But he wanted it to be me because of our relationship, and that's why I accepted. My heart told me that helping him was just the right balance of risk and reward.
"I'll do it, but I'll do it my way. OK?"
He couldn't control his excitement. "Really? Yes -- of course -- any way you want."
"Deal. I'll plan everything. We'll do it Saturday, between 3 and 7, and I need you to get some information for me."
"No problem! Thanks, Sandy, this is awesome!"
I asked for, and he provided, photos of his friends and some basic information about them, and photos of his apartment with a description of its floor plan. With this information I could pretend as if I had been there before, and that Anthony and I had discussed his friends. Although he wanted details, the time I would spend with him was all I told him.
I had a lot of preparation to do, but it was work I was excited to accomplish.
====================================
I knocked on his door Saturday at exactly 3:00. He opened the door, smiled, and let me in. After entering, I kissed his cheek and walked over to the two young men in the living room.
"Hi, I'm Sandy. You must be Frank," I said to the shorter of the two, "and you must be Mike" I said to the other. "Anthony has told me so much about you! How do you like the community college, Frank? And are you still thinking about moving to California, Mike?" They nodded and we shared some idle chitchat.
"Anthony? Would you please go down to my car and bring up my bag and the package on the back seat?" He agreed, I gave him my keys, and he hurried on to get my things. His friends seemed surprised by the situation, but I acted like this was normal for me.
It wasn't, of course, but that was the beauty of it. None of this was normal. For example, I never go business casual on Saturday. But here I was, in a ginger colored Ashford jacket dress with matching slingback sandals. My hair was pulled back, my make-up was very conservative, and my tone very professional. I appeared much more like a college admissions person than like the date of a 20-year-old college student. I enjoyed this disconnect!
Anthony came back into the apartment with my bag and package. I called to him, "Hey Babe, will you open the wine from the package for me, and I brought the beers for you and your friends. I hope you guys like Sam Adams." I took the bag from Anthony and reminded him, in words that everyone could hear, that I needed to leave by 7:00 to get home on time.
"Pour me a glass of wine, Babe," I said, "I'll let it breath while I change." And with that I took my bag and went to his bedroom. "I'll be out in a few minutes, you should put on some nice music." I disappeared to transform from the admissions woman to his date.
Once in his room I undressed, took from my bag a metallic gold Venus Cowl dress, and pulled on the spandex outfit. I love the way the dress works with my slightly asymmetric figure, it simultaneously downplays my butt while accentuating my breasts. Using his mirror I traded my gentle matte finish blackened cranberry lipstick for light gloss classic fire engine red, then added eyeliner, mascara, and dark shadow to highlight my hazel eyes. Finally, I let my hair down and put on my 4" open toe black pumps. "Now," I said to myself, "I look the part!"
I knew the moment I exited the room that I had made my point. The 3 boys gazed at me for longer than was polite, and I said, half jokingly as I slowly turned around for all to see, "Do you like this outfit, Anthony?"
"You're gorgeous," he replied, and I kissed him on the cheek again as I walked to the kitchen to collect my wine. "Any of you boys need another beer?" I asked, and all of them said yes.
The next 45 minutes were fun, but uneventful. The boys were polite, kind, and flirty. I jokingly rebuffed comments by Frank and Michael, and happily accepted those from Anthony. Finally when a slow song was on the radio, I asked, "Hey Babe, wanna dance?!" Anthony did not waste a second.
Dancing with him was spectacular! Even with my heels, my nose only came to his chin. With my wrists crossed behind his neck, and my body resting on his, I felt surprisingly safe. I whispered in his ear, "This is a game and that we are only playing it once, right?" He nodded his understanding, so I continued, "then make it believable."
With that we shared our first real kiss -- deep, passionate, and loving. Absolutely the best first kiss I had ever had. I would have congratulated him on being so convincing, but his second kiss didn't allow for words. Eventually I pulled from him.
"Sorry guys, I hope you don't mind PDA's! But I don't get to see Anthony as much as I need to." They just laughed, and Anthony looked as proud as a man could look! Clearly, he had impressed his friends. I gave him time to enjoy the moment and excused myself to go to the bathroom.
When I returned I interjected into their conversation. "Hey handsome, I only have another hour or so until I need to leave."
"I wish you could stay."
"Me too, sweets, but you know the rules."
Anthony looked a little sad, but that was only momentary. "I have a present for you, hun." I didn't let him speak, I just wrapped one end of the thong I had removed in bathroom around his wrist. I held on to the other end.
"Gentlemen, do you mind if I borrow my man for a few minutes?" No one said anything as I used the thong as a tether and led Anthony to his room. I went in first and I didn't say a word when he left his door ajar.
"Don't say a word, Anthony," I whispered. I was aware that his friends were watching as we kissed, and although I have never been an exhibitionist, I had no intention of changing the dynamic. With Anthony facing the door, and my back to it, I could pretend not to know that we were being observed.
I undid his belt buckle, unsnapped his jeans, and pushed his zipper down as we kissed. I pulled his underwear down with his pants, and he stepped out of both. I broke our embrace, and smiled at him as I undid the buttons to his shirt. Finally, I knelt in front of him and pulled his socks off.
Anthony was now totally naked in front of me, and he was perfect. He was more muscular than I had thought, and more of a man than I had previously experienced.
I pushed him backward to rest his butt against his desk, and while kissing him I took his penis into my hand. He was hot, and hard, and perfect. He was too big for me to close my hand around and that realization was as sexy to me as any that I have ever had. I stroked him for just a few moments before I pulled away from his embrace -- I needed to feel him in my mouth.
He smelled clean, was gentle with me, and let me explore him. I used two hands to stroke as I worked as much of him as I could into my mouth. The excitement of the moment was almost too much.
I repositioned to his side, kept him as secure in my mouth as I could, and pulled him with only one hand. With my other hand I began to masturbate. I knew his friends could see everything, and that excited me even more. It took only moments before my first 'public' orgasm.
I knew when Anthony was ready to cum. I could hear that the pace of his breathing, and the rocking of his hips, had become much more driven and rhythmic. I felt him harden, and just before he exploded, I pulled my mouth away and held my hand over the head of his penis. I stroked him as hard as I could with the other while he came in my hand.
He was disappointed that I didn't let him cum in my mouth, but he wasn't disappointed for long. With him staring down at me, and me gazing at his cum covered cock, I slowly and deliberately licked the sperm from my hand. The contrast between the milky color of his sperm and the deep blackness of his penis was intoxicating.
I pushed him back on the desk, pulled my dress and bra off, and crawled naked on top of him. I positioned his hot and wet penis perfectly, pushed down onto him, and felt him enter me. I rested my hands on his powerful chest as I slowly accepted him. While working Anthony into my body, I came again, and then again.
Anthony knew I wouldn't be able to maintain balance, so he pulled me down onto him, forced himself fully into me, held my hips tightly, and rocked forward to a standing position. He made two small steps toward the bed, rested me down upon it, and began to make love to me.
Anthony took it slow at first so that our bodies fit perfectly, then made love to me like a machine. I was in a state of almost continual orgasm, for which he showed me no mercy. Finally, when I thought I could take no more, Anthony pulled back, lifted my left leg, and without ever leaving my body, he rolled me over.
"Sandy?" he whispered. "Yes" I gasped. "Are you ready to get fucked?"
He didn't wait for an answer. He took me, from behind, aggressively for 10 minutes. Just as I could feel him getting ready to cum, he pullout out, twisted me around, and pushed himself into my mouth.
I didn't hesitate and I made sure he knew that I wanted this as much as he did. He let out a happy boyish laugh as he came, and after I enjoyed him, I giggled too.
"OK sweets," I said, "I need to get into the shower."
I showered, dressed in my original clothes, met the three boys back in the living room, kissed Anthony deeply, and said goodbye.