Fifty Shades of Silver: Silver & Stag Take A Trip
We stop for fuel and bathroom break; Silver heads into Quikie Mart while I pump the gas. A mid-sized pickup, almost the same color as mine, pulls up to the pump next to me. A good looking college aged guy hops out and gives me a quick nod as he starts fueling his truck. I look up and see Silver coming out of the store, but instead of heading right over she turns and starts walking around the parking lot, stretching as she goes. Men's eyes follow her as she stretches her arms high and rolls her neck as she strolls a wide circle around the edge of the lot. She is a summertime fantasy in yellow. The short dress dances in the breeze as the sunlight streams in from behind. The guys pumping gas are all enjoying the silhouette of her long, sexy legs through the bright fabric when a quick gust blows her dress up around her waist. We are treated to an unobstructed view of Tinkerbell and a that familiar triangle of white lace. It happened so quickly, Silver's only reaction was a belated attempt to push her skirt down, glancing at me with shrug her shoulders with a smile. When her eyes find Cute College Guy's grinning face, she looks away and continues her walk.
"Holy crap, did you see that?" he asked me.
I looked over at him and said, "Yeah... she's pretty hot, ya think?" "Daaaammmnnn", he breathed.
Silver walks with her head high; a woman with supreme, sensual confidence. Cute College Guy's eyes weren't the only ones that continued following her as she finished the circuit and headed directly toward us. Smiling as she approaches, her breasts jiggle slightly and I can easily make out the point of her nipples as they strain against the bright fabric.
She stops in front of me and is up on her tiptoes giving me a quick kiss before turning toward College Guy, saying "Hey! I like your truck, it kind of looks like the one that we want to get for me. Would you mind if I take quick look inside?"
College Guy, somewhat flabbergasted, says with a grin, "Sure!"
He gallantly gestures to the open driver's side door. Silver steps in between College Guy and the fuel pump so that she is forced to step over the hose. As she steps up and over, her open hand finds itself in the center of his chest, ostensibly to help maintain her balance. I now realize that she's just playing with the poor guy. I have to cover my grin, as I watch him instinctively reach to put a hand on her hip to make sure she doesn't trip.
She smiles up at him (he's got to be at least 6' 2"), and says sweetly, "Thanks".
Stepping up on the running board, Silver bends over at the waist and sticks her head inside the truck. Well, you can imagine what it looks like from our angle. Her dress rides up and we are treated to an incredible view of her long legs disappearing under her dress which is a hair's breath from exposing her bare ass cheeks. She kneels the driver's seat and to my dismay, her dress drops back down. Not to worry though, as Silver leans farther into the truck so she can check out the back seat, and we are treated to an even better view. The back of her dress rides up over her ass far enough to show her lacy panties wedged between those amazing cheeks and a view of her white lace triangle, except this time from behind and under. Cute College Guy cannot decide who or what to look at. He can't keep his eyes off of my wife's exposed ass, but he also can't help himself from glancing over at me. I guess he's trying to figure out what the hell I'm going to say or do. I just shrug and grin while Silver finishes her inspection and steps down to the ground. The hem of the sundress floats up for just a moment, giving us one last look at her beautiful butt, before settling down over her hips again. Based on his exhale, College Guy must have forgotten how to breathe.
"Thanks for letting me look in your truck" she says, seemingly unaware that this 20-something year old guy has the image of her incredible ass burned into his brain. Laying her hand on his forearm with a sweet smile, she asks "How does it drive? Do you like it?"
He twitches slightly at her touch, but manages to gulp, "D-drives great...good gas mileage. It's mid-sized but there's plenty of room for a couple of people and all their stuff."
"Sounds like just what I'm looking for, thanks again for letting me check it out."
Turning toward me, Silver pauses for just a moment... looking him right in the eyes with a wicked, sexy look, "I guess it's the least you could do since you were checking me out a few minutes ago."
College Guy goes completely "Deer in the Headlights", but finally manages a goofy grin and says, "I guess you're right about that."
"Did you like what you saw?"
College Guy was so flustered by this time, all he could manage was a nod of his head and his huge grin. "Good, because my husband would be very disappointed if you didn't, wouldn't you honey?" I was so surprised that I just nodded... with the exact same goofy grin as the College Guy.
She gave me a quick kiss on the lips, stepped up on the driver's side running board and proceeded make her way over to her side of the truck. Yes, College Guy was standing right there watching as my Hotwife crawled on her hands and knees across the bench to sit the passenger seat. Her gorgeous ass and that lacy triangle of white on display just for us. It's a little awkward to get turned around, but Silver twists and drops into the seat, but she ends up with feet in the air, knees parted. She looks right at Cute College Guy and smiles her sexy, wicked smile while adjusting herself in the chair, slowly bringing her knees together as she places her feet in the driver's seat. CCG and I standing there, jaws slack.
She glances down his body and notices front of his loose shorts twitching. Silver's eyes fixate on the twitching, her face going a bit slack, her voice breathy and quiet, "Ohh."
CCG glances down and turns pink. Time stops...
...
...
...
THUNK! The fuel pump stops and time resumes. I guess my truck is full.
CCG finishes up his fueling while I climb into the driver's side and crank the truck. As we are pulling away, Silver gives College Guy a wave and, waving back he yells, "Y'all have a great trip! I'll never forget you, Gorgeous!"
Silver's laughs, "Thanks! I don't suppose I'll forget you either!"
We pull back out on the highway and Silver turns to me with a smile, "Is that the kind of thing you want me to do baby? Be your naughty, slutty girl?"
I'm so stunned that I just stare at her with my mouth agape..."OMG lover, you know I do! I love it. I love you! You've definitely made two men very, VERY happy today and it's not even noon!"
"I love making YOU happy." she says with a smile, placing her pretty feet back in my lap. "And I know it makes you super happy when men check me out, so I guess making that guy's day is just a bonus. Besides, we're on vacation right? Why shouldn't I give my sexy man a special treat?"
"Plus," she adds, "he WAS handsome AND I'll never see him again."
"Yeah, he's a good looking guy. It's a horrible travesty that he won't get the pleasure of seeing your amazing ass again."
"Yes, it is a travesty.", Silver's voice dripping with sarcasm. "Baby, you KNOW I love you, which is why I just did what I did! BUT, I'm not going to show my ass to every random guy we see this weekend, capisce?", giving me a mock stern look and a quick grin.
I can't wipe the smile off of my face as I drive; one hand on the steering wheel, the other on her soft, exposed thigh. "Capisce!" I replied, blowing her a kiss.
Up Next: CHAPTER 3 - The Flight