Tawny loves to be used by multiple guys who treat her roughly. Her desire to be used by strangers and treated like a slut is something that her husband Eric understands and supports, not only because he loves her, but because hearing about it is a huge turn-on for him as well.
While sex with multiple guys (and the occasional woman) is almost always a primary feature of these stories, they also contain explicit aspects of bondage, S&M, and other general kink.
It is suggested that you first read at least her origin story "Tawny and the Value Given" to better understand her lifestyle, and to get a general idea of what will (and won't) be happening to her in these stories.
Tawny charging her "customers" for these parties is an idea she had to get the type of sex she enjoys, but still have boundaries. She'd happily do it all for free! The money is just a way to ensure that the guys feel entitled to treat her as roughly as she wants to be treated.
Ideally, these stories should be read in order. However, if the reader's only interest is in hearing what is happening to Tawny in this installment, it's not strictly necessary. For the most part these stories are from Tawny's viewpoint, with some segments being from her husband Eric's viewpoint.
Disclaimer: This is a work of fiction. Unlike the real world, STI's don't exist and The Pill is 100% effective. In reality, the lifestyle depicted here would present a large health risk, and a low but non-zero pregnancy risk. Tawny's sexual tastes are not shared by all, or probably even most, women.
Also note that when Tawny goes to a stranger's house for sex, they have been vetted and someone she trusts always knows where she's going and who she's meeting.
The Tawny Chronicles so far:
#1 - Tawny and the Value Given
#2 - Tawny and the Five Guys
#3 - Tawny and the Fraternity Reunion
#4 - Tawny and the Charity Food Drive
#5 - Tawny and the Farmhands
#6 - Tawny and the RPG
#7 - Tawny and the Customer Appreciation Party
#8 - Tawny and the Charity Gala
#9 - Tawny and the House Party
Copyright © 2021 by EightBits.
All Rights Reserved.

Tawny and the House Party

Stately Luth Manor
House party? Kellie had called it a "house party", but this wasn't ahouse, this was a freakingmansion.
Ok, maybe not quite like Downton Abbey, but also pretty far from a 3-bedroom ranch. It had a big circular drive in front, and a four-car garage (or was it a carriage house?) around the side. I pulled up in front, and a valet in an actual red jacket opened my car door for me. I was dressed in a conservative dress and sensible shoes, nothing that screamed "Slut!", but the way he looked at me and smiled made me wonder if he knew why I was there. He didn't say anything beyond what was needed for him to politely take my keys and retrieve my bag from the passenger seat. I thanked him and then rang the doorbell, as my car vanished around a corner.
"I like a punctual slut," said Kellie, as she looked me up and down from the doorway. "But I expected you to be dressed much more revealingly." She shook her head slightly in mock disappointment.
"Well," I said, "I didn't want to embarrass you in front of your neighbors."
"Not actually a problem," she said, gesturing at the surroundings. She had a point. The neighboring houses, all on the same scale as hers, were far enough away that they'd need really good eyes to tell if I was wearing a business suit or one of my "fuck me" outfits.
"Well, in front of your valet then."
"No matter, we'll take care of that," she said with a smile, ignoring my comment about the valet. She stepped back and let me walk in the door. The foyer was as impressive as the outside of the house had been, and she ushered me into a side room. It had a comfortable sofa and chairs, and looked like its purpose was to let visitors have a nice place to wait until the Lords of the Manor were ready to receive them.
"Your outfit is there." She pointed at a garment with about as much material as your average dinner napkin. Ok, almost as much. I started undressing, as she watched.
In a contemplative tone, she said, "I was actually surprised how much you get for a night like this."
I shrugged, and put the last of my clothes into my bag. I remembered Eric saying he'd charged her quite a bit, and wedoadjust the rates to match the clients ability to pay.
"Not," she continued, "that I can't afford it. But I certainly plan to get my money's worth tonight."
I smiled to myself. This was a great example of how my strategy of making my clients think it was about the money worked. Kellie and her guests would feel entitled to use me and to treat me as roughly as they wanted to, since I'd been paid for. I gave a little shiver of anticipation, which Kellie noticed.
"Yes, that should scare you, bitch," she snarled. Staring at my exposed nipples, she added "Or are you just cold?"
They had gotten pretty hard, and stuck out nicely. I have decent size nipples, and I'm proud of them, especially when they show off like that. It was excitement though, not being cold, but I wasn't going to tellherthat.
Kellie reached out and took one of my nice hard nipples between her thumb and forefinger, and squeezed. The sudden pain made me inhale a little, but not even enough for her to notice. Looking disappointed, she squeezed harder. I wanted to moan, maybe even gasp, but I suppressed it. I'm not sure if it was out of stubbornness, and not wanting her to see that she could get to me so easily, or if it was my desire to have my tits abused. If the latter, it worked, because Kellie frowned and tightened her grip even more, adding a little twist as she did so. I closed my eyes and concentrated on not showing how much it hurt.
"Make a noise for me, Tawny, and I'll let go," she cajoled. "You know you want to." After a second, when I didn't respond, she lifted my breast up by my tightly-held nipple, adding a sensation that I loved! Having my tits pulled up always gets me excited.
"You must actually enjoy this, you slut," she said, a mix of annoyance and disgust in her voice. She let go abruptly, and the sudden release of my nipple almost made me give her the gasp she had tried to elicit. "You get off on having your tits treated like that, don't you?" I noticed she was breathing a little harder, and her own nipples were poking against her sheer gown. "A slut like you has to enjoy it when men mistreat those tits while they fuck you."
She shook her head disapprovingly, but her nipples were still hard and a subtle flush was showing on the milky skin of her throat, and down into her cleavage. "Such a whore, letting random men use you for their pleasure. Well, you're going to get a lot of use tonight, trust me on that." She licked her upper lip delicately, and her eyes got a far-away look for a few seconds.
I turned and started to put on the outfit she'd prepared for me, but she told me to wait, as she opened a drawer. No doubt she had more in mind for me than just a skimpy outfit!
Greeter? I Hardly Know Her
I was stationed in the foyer, just inside the front door, where I could greet the guests. As expected, Kellie had more in mind for me than just being dressed provocatively. I had a large butt plug that she'd taken great pleasure in working into my ass, although at least she had used plenty of lube. The outfit I was wearing consisted of essentially a thong bikini bottom that barely covered me. I wasn't even substantial enough to keep the butt-plug in, but that was ok because the shape of it was keeping it firmly lodged in my ass. Did I mention it was big? My breasts had a thin see-thru sash "covering" them, and she had given me a silver necklace to wear that had the words "Party Girl" on it in large letters. My wrists were cuffed, and a chain came down from a hook and held them above my head. The hook, of course, looked like a piece of sculpture, and I think the chain may have been actual silver. No hardware-store hooks and chains disgracing the Luth foyer!
Another couple had just been let in by the doorman, who was checking invitations. He didn't actuallygreetthem, that was apparently my job. My little speech was dictated by Kellie, and this was at least the sixth time I'd given it so far. "Hi, welcome to the Luth party. My name is Tawny, and I'm a slut. Please feel free to take a party favor from the table, for use on me later. But - only when you are fucking me."
"Well, hello there Tawny," said the guy, looking a little surprised. His surprise was quickly replaced by a smile as he saw the "party favors" on the small table in front of me that held a wide variety of sex and bondage toys.
His partner looked a little less happy, and didn't say anything.
I was making bets with myself on which of the guys at the party were going to get to fuck me, and which ones were only going to get to watch. I assumed that Kellie had curated the guest list, inviting mostly couples and single men who would be interested in more "hands on" fun, but I didn't really know. This guy wasn't the first to act surprised to see me, so I wondered just how much Kellie had actually told them in the invitation.
He looked at his wife sideways, and gave her the sort of open-mouthed smile that said "Can I please?"
"Sorry, honey, but you know I'm not ready for that," she said.
His smile faded, and he looked disappointed, but said, "I know dear. Just checking." He sounded sincere, I didn't get any resentment in his tone.
She said, "We can watch though. Maybe we'll get to see her take it in the ass. I know that's your favorite porn." She winked at him, and his smile returned as she took his arm and led him into the house. So he was a "no" then.
The next guy, however, was clearly going to be a "yes". Almost before I'd finished reciting my greeting, he'd placed his hand between my legs, and was running his finger up and down between my lips, through the thin material of the thong.
"Jonathon's invitation had me hoping this was going to be a fun party, and it looks like it's going to be," he said with a leer. As always, meeting a stranger and knowing that soon they'd have their cock inside me was a huge turn-on. Not just probably going to be fucking me, like on a date with some new guy, butknowingit, and knowing that they knew it too. That thought made me make a low, sensual moan as he rubbed me.
He said, "I'll see more of you later, bitch." He gave my breast a quick squeeze, took a dildo that had more spikes than a dildo should have from the table, and headed towards the noise of the party.
After a few more couples and singles had arrived, been greeted, and taken some toys, Kellie returned. "That's everyone, so it's time for you to do more than just stand around chatting with people."
That wasn't exactly how I'd characterize what I'd been doing, but I just nodded. She unhooked the chain from my cuffed wrists, and took me back to the side room. She re-cuffed my hands behind my back, and took the flimsy top off. As she was finishing doing that, her husband Jonathon joined us to help her get me ready for my next duties. He was tall and thin, but looked to be in good shape. Clearly older than Kellie, but not actuallyold.
"Tawny, thank you for joining us tonight," he said, sounding formally polite. I had never had any sort of conversation with him like I had with Kellie, but I had seen him at the charity events, and he'd been polite then also. I had a suspicion that Kellie was the one into kinky sex, and he was just along for the ride.
Kellie handed him what looked sort of like a serving tray, and he held it against my lower stomach, while she took straps and wrapped them around me, buckling them in the back. The edge that pressed against me was curved, so it wasn't uncomfortable. He kept holding it in place, while she finished attaching it.
"Sorry Tawny, this is going to be a little painful." She didnotsound sorry.
Each of my nipples got a screw-clamp, which she carefully tightened. She had the entire nipple, and some of my aureola through it, so it wasn't squeezing my actualnipple, more its base. I let out a low whimper as she tightened them.
"Be sure they won't slip," Jonathon cautioned her.
Kellie smiled and said, "Good point dear. Wouldn't want one of these to come off. This tray might be a lot for one poor tittie to hold by itself!" She actually looked like that idea delighted her, but she went ahead and gave each of them another turn. My low whimper became a squeak of pain when she did.
Kellie nodded approvingly, and gave my bulging nipple a painful flick with her long fingernail, saying "Good, that should do it."
She then took the thin chains that were hanging from the far corners of the tray, and hooked them to each of the clamps. He let go of the tray, and it stuck out in front of me, supported by my nipples! It wasn't very heavy, thankfully, but it still pulled on them pretty good. Kellie tapped on the tray, making it bounce, and I let out a small yelp.
She looked thoughtful for a minute, and then placed a large red ball gag in my mouth, buckling it it place. She tapped on the tray again, a little harder this time, and as expected, my yelp was muffled by the gag. She gave a satisfied smile. "Can't have this bitch interrupting our guest's conversations with her whining."
Jonathon headed back out to resume his hosting duties, and Kellie brusquely took me by the arm and guided me down the hall, and into a large kitchen. It had several caterers in it, busily making hors d'oeuvres and pouring drinks. They all glanced up, then quickly looked back at what they were doing, although the two guys dared to stare a little bit.
"Let's put this tray to good use, shall we?"
I was really concerned for a second, but thankfully she started picking up shot-glasses and placing them on my tray. Knowing Kellie, I wouldn't have been surprised if it had been beer steins! She stopped once she felt there was an appropriate amount of weight, so the tray wasn't full, but it was far from empty. I felt the pull on my breasts, and my nipples were two bright points of pain.
"Get out there and serve my guests, and try not to spill anything," Kellie ordered. "The sooner people take some of those shot-glasses, the sooner your titties stop being pulled so hard."
I had figured that part out without Kellie's help, and was already in motion as soon as I heard "Get out there..."
Between having my arms cuffed behind me, the tray held up by my nipples, and still having that butt-plug in me, it was all I could do to not have the drinks slide off the tray. Walking made my breasts bounce alittle, which made the tray bounce alot. So I won't say there wasn't any sloshing. I don't know if you've ever tried to walk smoothly in high-heels with a large butt-plug in your ass, but take my word for it - you can't.
"Nice," exclaimed the first guy I encountered when I finally made it into the vast living room where the party seemed to be centered. I walked up and presented the tray - and, of course, my bare tits - to him, hoping he was thirsty. I still had my thong on, but that was it.
He said, "Oh, you're offering me a shot? Why thank you." He took a shot glass, drank the contents, which I looked and smelled like vodka, and then set it back on my tray. Well damn. That didn't help much. The shot glass's themselves probably weighed as much or more as their contents. This tray wasn't going to get lighter very soon this way! Nonetheless, I nodded to him and tried to look grateful as I moved on towards the next clump of guests.
"I thought I might die of thirst before you made it over here, bitch," said one of the women, a bright-haired blonde with boobs too high and perky to be natural. It looked to be two couples, and I had inserted the tray into their little circle as far as I politely could.
The short guy with glasses and a buzz cut said, "Honey, I've seen you walk that way, so you should know why she's moving a little slowly." He stepped behind me and wiggled the butt plug. I made a small "ooommm" sound, which got some chuckles from the other three. No one had taken a shot yet, so obviously they weren'tthatthirsty! I looked imploringly at the other wife, hoping for a little sisterly solidarity, and was rewarded by her taking a shot. She even took the empty and set it on a table next to her! I could have kissed her, but that's tough to do wearing a ball gag. The rest of them followed suit, although Mrs. "Die of Thirst" put hers back on my tray.
The husband of my new best friend said, "I'll take another shot, but only if I can touch your tits."
Buzz Cut laughed and said, "Dude, that's what she's here for. You don't need to ask her!" He illustrated by putting his hand on the top of my breast, and stroking the soft, smooth flesh, then taking one of my nipples and rolling it back and forth in his fingers.
Polite Guy looked a little embarrassed, and did the same thing. Then he added a sharp pull on my nipple, so not as polite as I'd thought. Or maybe he was just trying to earn back a little of the group's respect. He did take another shot, and so did his wife. Again, I nodded thanks and moved on.
Slowly, I completed a circuit of the large living room. I wasn't out of shots, so I continued on outside to the pool area, where several people were milling about. No one was swimming, which was a shame. Their pool was amazing. No boring rectangle for the Luths! All the edges were gently curved, and the pool formed a large "U" shape. One end had an actual waterfall, and the other looked to have some sort of water slide.
I counted about seven couples, not including Kellie and Jonathon, and maybe two single (or at least unaccompanied) guys. Almost all the guys, and a few of the women had been unable to resist fondling or squeezing my nipples as they got their drinks, so I was a little sore, andmorethan a little turned on by the point I finally ran out of shots to distribute. I didn't see Kellie, and she hadn't told me what to do when I was done, so I just went back into the kitchen.
"I wish the place I work for my day job had waitresses like you," said the lone caterer I found there. I shrugged a response, then regretted it as the motion caused the tray to pull on my nipples.
He walked up to me and said, "I bet you're really just for the guests, but since you did come back andofferyourself to me..." He cupped his hands under my breasts, and lifted them up, causing the tray to pull even harder on my nipples. I made a high-pitched whine, but he just smiled and held them like that, the empty shot glasses slowly sliding towards my stomach.
An authoritative voice rang out, startling both of us. "I'm quite sure this is not what I'm paying you for."
The guy dropped my breasts, which hurt even more, and stepped back, looking down at the floor. Jonathon stood in the doorway, and he did not look happy.
"I'm sorry, sir. See, she acted like she wanted me to touch her, and I just..."
"And I'm also quite sure she didnot," Jonathon said calmly, but with anger not far away. "The door is behind you. Exit through it, your services are no longer needed. No, don't look for your boss first, I'll let her know why you've left."
The catering guy looked scared, then mad, and then decided to do the smart thing. Without a word he left the house through the rear door.
"My apologies Tawny," said Jonathon. "I know why Kellie hired you, and I know you have endured, and will endure, much more than that. But being abused by the kitchen staff isn't what you expected, and I'm sure you didn't enjoy it."
Oh, little did he know! The thought of being turned over to the "kitchen staff" as their plaything made me more than a little wet. And further, the thought of them taking illicit advantage of me made my knees a little bit weak. But I wasn't going to tellhimthat of course, so I tilted my head to say "thanks", and nodded.
"Let's get these empty shot glasses off your tray at least," he said, and proceeded to do so. "I'd take the tray off, but Kellie may want you to serve snacks or something."
I understood, we both knew this was Kellie's show! He didn't seem to be into it like she was, but he clearly wanted her to have her fun.
He left, and I stood there. After a bit, various kitchen staff came and went doing kitchen-ey things and eventually Kellie came in.
"Tawny, that went well. My guests got a kick out of being served drinks that way." Kellie sounded almost friendly. I noticed her cheeks were a little flushed, and decided she had maybe enjoyed a couple drinks herself.
"But enough of this 'foreplay', let's see you earn your money."
Sticking the Landing
Kellie took me to what looked to be a guest bedroom this time. Holding up the tray, she unhooked the chains, and held it in place with on hand while unbuckling the strap with the other. Then came the moment I was both looking forward to, and dreading.
"Yeemmmmf! Hmmmfff hmmffff hmfffff>" I yelled into the gag as pain pulsed through my nipples. She had just taken the clamps off my nipples, and it's a special mix of pain and relief as the blood rushes back into them.
"Awww, did that hurt?" she said in mock sympathy. I couldn't answer with the words Iwantedto use, so I settled for a glare, which only had the effect of making her smile.
"Bend over," she commanded, and when I did, she slowly worked that butt plug out of me, a process I accompanied with more unintelligible yells into my gag. The plug was big, not huge, but the difference in size between the wide part up in me and the narrow neck right at my anal ring meant I had tightened up around it, so I felt every inch as she pulled it out.
"There. You're going to need all the room down there you can get," she said ominously, once it was all the way out.
To my surprise, she also removed my gag, and the cuffs that were holding my arms behind my back.
"Plans for my mouth next, I take it?" I rubbed my wrists a little. Those cuffs were fairly soft, but it still felt good to have them off for the moment.
"No, not really." She answered. "I just want to hear your thoughts on what comes next."
"Do all the girls you hire for your parties get this treatment, or am I special?"
I was giving her a chance to use one of the sneering, I'm-so-superior-to-you remarks she so enjoyed, but she answered seriously.
"This is actually the first party like this we've thrown. Well, the first that had a paid entertainer", she qualified. "You were so much fun to play with at the first charity night, I wanted more time with you, and had the money to arrange it."
She resumed getting me ready for the next event by placing cuffs on my ankles. She didn't connect them to anything though, but I assumed they'd find use soon enough.
"Ok, follow me," she said. We walked back into the living room, where I got my first look at her new toy.
In the center of the room was what looked like a narrow gymnastic balance beam. Like almost everything I'd seen in her house, it looked like it had been created to fit the decor, being much more stylish than any gym equipment I'd ever seen. It was at roughly crotch-height, but its most interesting characteristic was the four dildos sticking up from it at intervals. Each one was a different color, and they all looked like they had been individually sculpted. Which no doubt they had, considering Kellie's obvious love of high-end sex and bondage toys.
"What are those for?" I exclaimed. "More girls joining in?"
She said, "No, they are all for you Tawny."
To Jonathon, she said, "Start her at this end, of course," and gestured to the end of the beam closest to where we had entered the room.
Now that I had a chance to look more closely, I saw that the dildos were not all the same size. The one at close end of the beam had the smallest dildo.
"Kellie, that'shuge!" I exclaimed, pointing at the dildo at the far end of the beam.
"Oh, don't worry," she reassured me with a sly smile. "We'll let you work up to it."
With that, Jonathon and one of the guests picked me up, and carefully aiming the first dildo at my pussy entrance, lowered me onto it. It was a pretty reasonable size, and I had gotten wet as soon as I saw what awaited me, so it went in easily. Actually it felt pretty good. Being picked up by two strong guys and impaled on a dildo in front of an audience checked off a couple items on the list of things that excited me.
"Dildo number one," announced Kellie proudly. Some of the guests clapped at this, and the guy with the buzz cut hooted loudly. Yes, having an audience applaud the invasion of my pussy was on that checklist also!
Standing there straddling the beam, the dildo wasn't quite all the way in me. This was quickly remedied.
"Spread her legs, please," said Kellie to her husband and his accomplice. They each grabbed an ankle, lifting me up a little and pulling my legs wide. This lowered my crotch down to where my pussy lips just touched the top of the beam, and the full length of the first dildo was inside me.
While they held me like that, Kellie took a spreader bar and attached it to my ankle cuffs, keeping my legs spread after the guys let go.
"I guess I see why you didn't bother restraining my arms," I said to Kellie.
She smiled and said, "Yes. I don't see you going anywhere..."
And she was right of course. Even without the ankle cuffs and spreader bar, and on tip-toes, I'm not sure I could have gotten all the way over even that first dildo. Having my legs forced apart like that made sure I couldn't. So even though this was theshortestdildo, I was nonetheless held captive by it protruding up into my pussy. And since it was made of glass, it wasn't rubbery at all. I moved my hips forward and back against it, solid and unbending.
"You fucking that dildo, bitch?" It was the wife of Buzz Cut, she of the too-perky boobs. "Why don't you play with yourself while you do?"
That was a good question, actually. For a change, my arms weren't tied! I reached down and started rubbing my clit a little, rocking my hips to add some internal stimulation.
"What a fucking slut," she said. Most of the guests had wandered off, although I was sure they'd be back for the next dildo. There were three or four watching me play with myself, which was a turn-on for me of course, and I hoped for them as well. As I played with myself, I looked down the row of dildos in front of me, and anticipated how they'd feel when I was placed on them. Which, of course, was the point of this setup. It's one thing to tell a girl you plan to impale her with a sequence of larger and larger dildos, but seeing them arrayed in front of me and looking inevitable was much more dramatic. I rubbed myself a little faster as I stared at what awaited me.
"Time for dildo number two," announced Kellie, from behind me. I was so caught up in my moment of masturbation I hadn't known she was there. Damn, and I was just starting to get somewhere.
This time it was Buzz Cut and Polite Guy doing the honors. After most of the guests came back and were watching, they slid me up off the first dildo, then placed me over the second one. They lowered me slowly, taking several seconds until I was all the way down. This one was larger, but still comfortable. Actually, it felt even better than the first one had. I immediately resumed fingering my clit. On the first one I had more "wiggle room", although I still had some on this one, and I continued rocking my hips.
Buzz Cut said, "Yeah, bitch, this is good practice. That dildo is almost as big as my dick, so if you're enjoying it, you're going to enjoy the real thing even more."
The wife of Polite Guy - let's call her Polite Girl - chuckled and said, "Well, too bad you don't get to fuck her before she gets to that last dildo. Your dick is going to seem pretty tiny after that. I'm not sure she'll even know it's in."
He just smiled and said, "I guess that depend on where I stick it, doesn't it?"
Perky Boobs leaned in, and said in sultry voice, "I'm looking forward to watching my husband do your tight little ass. Take it from me, you'll feel it alright."
Oh, that thought helped. I started making even faster little circles on my clit as I thought about it. I swear Kellie was watching until it looked like I was about to get off.
"Third dildo," she yelled. The group returned even faster this time. I expect their interest in seeing the "changing of the dildos" was proportional to the increasing size of those dildos!
It was two different guys this time. I didn't think it was any sort of plan, just whoever got there fastest. They picked me up, carried me one step forward, and thendroppedme on that third dildo.
"Oww, goddamnit," I yelled. "That wasn't nice."
The audience seemed to enjoy seeing my reaction to being impaled so suddenly though, and there was a smattering of applause and I heard someone say, "Stretch that pussy!" He was correct, the third dildo was just a bit past the comfortable stage. I rocked my hips experimentally, but got no appreciable movement, that thing had my pussyfull.
One of the guys who had dropped me, a tall guy who was almost completely bald despite looking to be in his twenties, slapped my tit, and said, "Bitch, you're here to entertain us, and 'nice' isn't very entertaining now, is it?" He slapped my tit again. "Is it?"
I said, "Owww, no.", and he gave it a third slap anyway.
"Maybe I'll just keep smacking these big tits of yours until it's time for the next dildo, eh?"
He changed to my other breast and gave it two fast slaps, one up from below followed by the second one from above.
"Go on," he said, "Keep playing with your pussy, slut. You can do that while I hit your tits, can't you?"
I nodded yes, and resumed rubbing my clit with my right hand. With my left, I rubbed along the interface of my pussy and the dildo, feeling how it filled me, and stroking my lips. I was loving the contrast between my soft smooth skin and the hard unyielding shaft rising up into me.
Bald Guy stared at my hands on my pussy, and every few seconds he gave my tits another slap. I moaned and closed my eyes. Him abusing my tits might actually let me get to an orgasm before Kellie had me moved to the next dildo! It was pretty much now-or-never, as I knew that last dildo was too big to be anything but painful, which I'm sure was exactly what Kellie wanted it to be.
I felt someone rub my ass, but was too into pursuing an orgasm to bother seeing who it was. Then I heard Kellie whisper in my ear, "Cum for us, bitch. Show all my guests just what a whore you are. You know you want to."
She slid her finger between my butt cheeks, and began gently teasing my asshole. Her dirty talk, and her playing around at my rear entrance, combined with Bald Guy slapping my tits and pushed me over the edge.
"Ohhh, god, ohhhh," I moaned, as my orgasm started beneath my fingertips and spread upwards into my stomach. I tensed my already stretched legs, threw my head back, and yelled, "Yesss, yyyesss" as it peaked, and then slowly subsided.
"I think she's done," said Kellie. She was talking to Bald Guy, who had continued to slap my tits as I came. Reluctantly, he stopped.
"Gonna have more fun with your titties later, bitch," he said to me before rejoining the ranks of mere watchers.
I had just fully recovered, when Kellie said, "And now, time for the Final Dildo."
I stared at it, hoping the steady progression, and maybe my orgasm, had me relaxed enough and stretched enough. Regardless, I guess I was going to find out.
Jonathon was back, with Polite Guy. I took this to be a good sign, as I really didn't want those other yahoos dropping me on thislastdildo!
"Final dildo, final dildo." Some one in the group started a chant, and most of them joined in. "Final dildo, final dildo."
The guys picked me up, and held me with the tip of the huge dildo just nestled between my lips.
"Final dildo, final dildo."
I watched as they slowly slid my pussy over it. It was both wider and longer than the previous dildos, and it seemed like it took a long time before it was all the way in. "Ummmmhhhmmm," I moaned as I felt it stretch me, penetrating deep into my cunt. I was taking deep breaths as my descent onto it finally finished, and I stood there feeling incredibly full.
"I wasn't sure that would actually fit," said Kellie thoughtfully. "I guess all that practice at having things stuffed up your slutty cunt really helps."
It doesn't, actually. I've had a lot of cocks fuck me, of all shapes and sizes. And I mean alot. But my pussy was still nice and tight, thank you. Even guys who are, shall we say, less-fortunately endowed have had zero complaints. Kegels for the win!
But that also meant that even though I wasableto take something this big, it wasn't easy or totally painless. What had helped here (as I'm sure she knew) was the steady size progression and allowing time for my muscles to relax before I needed to accommodate this giant phallus currently filling me.
Several of the guys, and a few of the girls came up to get a closer look at my stuffed pussy, rubbing my pussy lips and stroking my pubic area to see if they could feel it inside me.
One of the girls, a petite brunette, said in amazement, "Wow, I wonder if that would fit in me?" I looked at her narrow hips and silently decided itmight, but she'd better have even more of a progressive "warm up" than I had. And maybe some wine. I've always been happy to be more womanly than girlish, especially considering how many times I don't have much choice about saying "no" to some guys with giant dicks!
Kellie left me mounted there like that while the party resumed. It got to be funny, as every few minutes the brunette would drift back over and stare at my crotch, and the dildo it contained, and shake her head in amazement. I think I knew whatherfantasies were going to be about for a while!
Eventually Kellie decided I'd been on slutty display long enough, and without any fanfare, she and Jonathon lifted me up off the beam, took off the spreader bar, and let me take a well-deserved break from the party.
Jonathon's Request
Kellie had stayed out in the party talking and laughing with her guests about the show I'd put on, and no-doubt accepting their compliments on her clever way of exhibiting me. Jonathon had walked me back to one of the guest rooms, and when we'd stepped inside, he closed the door behind us.
Although I'd expect Kellie would want to watch if he was going to fuck me, I'd been wrong before. I stood there looking at him, waiting for him to command me to bend over, or lay back on the bed, or get on my knees. I was betting on knees.
"Please have a seat, " he said, gesturing towards the bed, as he pulled up a chair for himself. "I'd like a word with you if you don't mind."
Ok, maybe I was actually getting a little time to relax before whatever Kellie had planned next. And I found some humor in the contrast of a guy who had unceremoniously impaled me on a dildo in front of his friends now politely asking if I'd "mind a word". Once I was comfortable (yet still naked), he began.
"This is a little awkward, and a little sensitive," he said. The expression on his face had told me the awkward part without him having to say it. What in the world was this wealthy, confident guy feeling awkward about with a girl he'd had no hesitation treating as a sex toy?
"It's about Kellie," he said slowly.
Oh, interesting, I thought.
"Your... job." He paused. "Youseemto enjoy at least some aspects of it. I don't pretend to be able to tell if that's real, or if it's you acting."
As I decided how to reply, he held up a hand to stop me. "No, I don't need you to answer, I realize that's crossing the line into your personal life, and I do understand that what we have is a business relationship. Suffice it to say, I'm hoping you will have at least some understanding of the situation."
I said, "Thank you. I'd like to think I'll try. Please, continue." I was starting to get a suspicion of where he was heading.
"I know Kellie has, on occasion, exhibited some disdain for you, and your profession, even as she has participated. And, of course, she's had no qualms about hiring you for tonight's party."
Looking even more awkward, he slowly continued. "I have come to believe that her behavior arises from jealousy. I'm not sure she realizes it, but I think it is true. I think her interest in the type of rough and promiscuous sex that she sees you engaged in is because it is something she desires for herself."
He stopped, looking flustered, and I thought about what he'd said. I was surprised, but on some level I guess I'd had my own suspicions. Her excitement at seeing me used and abused had never seemed based on wanting to see me miserable, but more like excitement about what was happening to me. And her sort of rude and denigrating comments did seem a little much, considering how excited it all made her. I'm no psychologist, but I know denial when I see it.
I said, "Wow. Ok. But how does that involve me?"
"I love my wife," he said. "And she loves me. But this kind of sex is something I just can't give her. It's just not me." He shook his head slowly.
"Okay..."
He searched for the words. "But Iknowshe wants it. And I want her to have it. If it's something she needs. Or even just wants. Because I do love her." He looked at me pleadingly.
"That's sweet," I said, and meant it.
I understood. It was not unlike how Eric felt about me. Not precisely the same, since Ericwasable to treat me to rough sex, just not quite at the intensity I craved. And of course, pretty difficult for one guy to gang-bang a girl! It sounded like Jonathon wasn't into that at all, although he'd been going along with what was being done to me tonight, so he obviously wasn't against it in general.
"So you want me to what? Invite her out for drinks and girl-talk? Do some peer-counseling?" I almost added something about a scared-straight program, but no, it didn't sound like he wanted her to change what he thought she desired, he wanted to see her satisfy those desires.
Jonathon looked at the floor between us, not quite able to look at me as he almost mumbled "I was hoping maybe you could invite her to join your company, or whatever the correct term for your organization is."
Now that he'd said it, he was able to look up at me. With growing confidence, he said, "I want her to fulfill those needs, and I'm hoping you can help. This is a bit beyond anything either of us would know how to approach, but obviously you know this world."
"You don't have any friends that..." I let the thought trail off.
He looked horrified. "Ask my friends at the club 'Would you all care to pop by and use my wife?'. He literally shuddered. "I realize parties like this one go pretty far, but that would be much too much."
I nodded in agreement.
"Ok, I get that. And," I tried to ask it delicately, "you are ok with Kellie having sex with other people?"
He answered quietly, "We have a somewhat 'open' marriage. We're not active swingers, nor are we polyamorous, but we have the swinger mindset that sex and love are not intrinsically linked. She's had her 'flings', as have I."
That answered that question for me, but I wanted a little more.
"So, you want me to ask your wife if she'd like to join me in getting paid to let a group of random strangers use her for their sexual pleasure? Men she does not get to choose or approve individually. Men who will abuse her in ways both humiliating and painful?"
I put it pretty bluntly on purpose. I didn't enjoy doing it, but if he wasn't serious, or had not really thought it through, I needed to know. And so did he.
He swallowed, but then answered confidently, "Yes, thank you Tawny, that's exactly what I would like you to do."
Stock Still
I was led back into the living room, completely naked except for some ankle-cuffs. And the large ball gag Kellie had placed in my mouth, although I don't think that counts as an article of clothing? I made a mental note to check the official strip-poker rules and find out.
This time, instead of being greeted by a beam with a row of dildos, there was a massive set of stocks in the center of the floor. Or were they actually a pillory? I can never keep those straight. Regardless of what they were called, the purpose was obvious. They were made of wood, classic-style, but not rough old barn-looking wood like you see in the movies. These were smooth and polished, and looked very well made. I don't know where Kellie got her toys, but she was keeping some very kinky, very skilled craftsman (or craftswoman) in business!
Kellie lifted up the hinged top board, and said, "In you go, bitch."
Bending forward, I placed my wrists in the two small semi-circles there in the bottom board, and my neck into the comfortingly-large semi-circle in the center. One of the other women there wrangled my hair while Kellie lowered the top board, trapping my wrists and head quite securely. I got a little tingle of excitement, as out of the corner of my eye I saw her secure it closed with a padlock. The feeling of being a helpless sex toy really gets my motor running.
I was in a bent-over position, with my butt slightly higher than my head. I felt strong hands spread my legs, and after they released me, I discovered that I couldn't un-spread them. I guess Kellie was getting her money's worth out of that spreader bar. Now my back was almost exactly horizontal.
Kellie leaned down and quietly said "I've been enjoying all the other stuff, but I'mreallylooking forward to seeing all these guys fuck you." She had a gleam in her eye, and did the thing where she licked her upper lip. I was pretty sure she didn't even know she was doing it, and it certainly lent credence to what Jonathon had told me.
She straightened up and spoke to her guests. "My friends, I think this is what many of you've have been looking forward to. I do hope you enjoy fucking this little slut."
I don't know how they determined the order, but Polite Guy was first.
"We can use the toys we selected now, right Kellie?" he asked.
"Yes, of course. Either before or during, whichever is appropriate."
"Great," said his wife, Polite Girl. She had chosen a riding crop, which didn't seem very polite, but since she already had that nickname in my head, I guess I could stick with it.
Polite Guy said, "Warm her up a little please, Janet."
Polite Girl stepped behind me, and I tensed up a little in anticipation of feeling the sting of that crop on my butt. I jumped forward and "yipped" into my gag as she ignored my butt cheeks and brought the riding cropupon my exposed pussy! Yep, so much for the "Polite Girl" nickname, she was "Janet" to me now!
She gave me three more solid whacks with it, doing a good job of hitting a moving target, because believe me, I was waggling my ass as much as I could!
"Thanks babe," he said, and I felt his hands on my hips. He waited until Janet had walked around to where she could see my face, and then he plunged into my still-stinging pussy in one deep stroke.
Even though I was expecting it, I still made a noise, and I'm sure my eyes opened a bit wider, which no doubt made our little voyeur, Janet, happy. I was happy too, enjoying the thrill I always feel with the first strange cock of the night sliding in and out of my pussy. Those dildos were fun, but nothing beats a good hard cock.
"Her pussy is nice and tight," he said, "I was afraid it might still be all stretched out from that dildo!"
"Here, I bet this'll tighten her up a little more," said Janet. She stepped back around the side, and in a second I felt a sharp sting on my left breast.
"Mermmmm," I said into the gag, and made that same noise a few more times as she worked her way around my boob with the crop, pausing long enough between each strike to make sure I felt it. All the while her husband was thrusting away, and between him fucking me, and her hitting my tits, this girl was turned on.
"Honey, do I have time to do her other tit?" Janet asked her husband.
"Ummm," he said, breathing harder now, "maybe. She squeezes me a little each time you hit her, so I'm close."
Janet crossed in front of me, moving quickly, and as soon as she was out of view I felt the expected sting on my other breast. She was going a little slower on this one, maybe trying to help Polite Guy last a little longer?
"I'm close, babe," he said, and it felt like he was - his strokes were getting faster.
"Let me help," Janet said. I gave a small scream into my gag as she brought the riding crop up expertly placed right on my nipple! She did it again, and my scream was smaller since I was expecting it, but I still gave one. I felt myself getting even wetter, and the warm feeling I get between my legs when I'm excited started to grow.
"Oh, yeah," yelled Polite Guy, which caused Janet to increase the frequency of her smacks to my nipple as I felt him push hard against me and come. She kept swinging that crop, and didn't stop until his orgasm was complete, and his cock stopped pulsing spurts of cum into my pussy. He stood there for a little bit, and then I felt him pull out, and wipe his cock off on my inner thighs.
Not everyone had taken a toy when they arrived, and the next two guys contented themselves with plain old vanilla fucking. Well, if you can consider gang-banging a girl restrained in a pillory while a bunch of people watch "vanilla". It's possible my scale is a little distorted. Anyway, I was able to just focus on enjoying the sensation of a couple of strange guys giving me a good fucking while I stood there bent over and helpless. I closed my eyes and sank into the sensations from the hard cock energetically plowing away inside me.
I had my eyes closed, and was enjoying the feeling of the last guy coming in me, as he pulled out and gave me a "thank you" pat on the ass. (The number of guys who treat me like a fuck toy and then can't help but show a moment of connection or appreciation after they come is surprisingly high.) I opened my eyes when I heard a voice that had become recently familiar.
"Hey, bitch. Check this out." It was Buzz Cut, and he was waving the spiked dildo he'd taken from the toy table when he arrived. It was a good eight inches long, and spaced a couple inches apart on it were bands of somewhat dull-looking spikes. Note that when talking about something that is going to be in a girl's tender pussy, even "dull" spikes get her attention.
"Looks fun, doesn't it?" He rubbed some of the spikes with his thumb to show how stiff they were. "Bet even your sloppy cunt will feel this when I stick it up you!"
He walked behind me, and I felt him use his one hand to spread my pussy lips, as with the other he placed the head of the dildo at my entrance. He slowly slid it forward, and I felt the smooth tip enter me, then stop as the first band of spikes touched my flesh.
"Yeah, slut, feel those spikes touching you? Ready to feel them even more?"
He slid it further, and I felt the spikes enter my pussy and massage its walls, making me moan into the gag. He stopped with it half-way in, and then gave it a turn. That changed my moan into a yelp, and he laughed.
"Ok, here's the rest." I felt even more spikes along the length of my pussy as he shoved it all the way in. Now that I was used to it, it didn't actuallyhurt, but it was a strong sensation just this side of painful. He began fucking me with it in slow, steady strokes, and I resumed my moans of pleasure and pain.
"It seems like a shame to not take advantage of that sensitive cunt of yours," he said. "But that's not what I'm after."
I felt him let go of the dildo, which I didnottry to squeeze out. Trying to dislodge a spiked toy by squeezing it with your pussy muscles is something you try just once, and this wasn't the first time I'd had an "aggressive" sex toy used on my pussy!
I gave a high-pitched squeal as I felt a lubed-up finger prod my asshole, then insistently push its way in. He pulled it out almost immediately, and it was obvious why since I then felt the head of his cock pressing against my tight little ring. I took a deep breath (or as deep a breath as you can quickly take with a ball gag in your mouth) and tried to relax.
"Yeah, fuck that ass!" said the one gal who had told her husband he didn't get to fuck me tonight. I opened my eyes and saw her smiling, as she and her husband moved south to get a better view.
I think they made it to a good spot to watch by the time Buzz Cut pressed forward and forced the head of his dick into my ass. He paused for a few seconds, then thrust hard, embedding his entire shaft deep in my tight backdoor. I took another deep breath, just as he began to slide his dick in and out of me, fucking my ass.
"Oh, yeah, this bitch is plenty tight back here," he said to the people watching. He paused for a second with just the head of his cock in me, and I felt him pull the dildo almost all the way out, then shove it back in, making me gasp. He then resumed fucking my ass.
"Hey babe, a little more lube please," he said to his perky-boobed wife. She'd been watching my face as her husband used my ass, and I saw her step out of sight, then a moment later more cool lube was squirted on me. I'm glad he wanted more, because I know I did. I was surprised by his endurance, most guys don't last long in a tight ass unless they take breaks (or turns!), but he'd been at it for a while now.
Perky Boobs walked in front of me, leaned down, and said, "Oh, did you think he'd be done by now? Sorry, slut, he goes crazy long, especially when he's enjoying a chance to fuck a new bitch. Trust me, I know." She winked at me.
A few more minutes passed, and I was getting a nice warm feeling, just enjoying the rhythmic stimulation, when he finally gave a loud grunt and I felt him press hard against my ass as he came. He left his dick in me until it slowly got soft, then gently pulled it out. Some guys are apparently pretty sensitive after they come. He didn't care aboutmysensitivity however, because as soon as his cock was out of me, he yanked that spiky dildo out also!
Another guy took his place, and fucked my tingling pussy. Just a nice standard fuck, he had a normal-sized cock and didn't finish too quickly or too slowly. What made it exciting, however, was that I didn't get to see him, before or after. It's always an especially slutty feeling when some guy uses me and I never even get to see his face. It makes me feel like I'm just an anonymous hole to be fucked, which really feeds my kink.
"I told you we'd have more fun with your tits," said Bald Guy, who had walked up and stood next to me once the previous guy had pulled out.
"No, not going to hit them again. I saw little Janet do a nice job with that crop, so I think it's time to change it up a little."
He held up a pair of clover-clamps connected by a short chain. My eyes got wide - I am not a fan of clover-clamps! He opened and closed them to demonstrate how they worked, but I already knew how they worked. The harder you pulled on the attached chain, the tighter they got. The cheap ones don't work very well, too much friction in the mechanism, so they tend to start out pinching a little and don't really tighten up all that much. These however, were not cheap. It seemed Kellie didn't scrimp onanyof her sex toys.
"You've got good-sized nipples, bitch. They look made for these clamps. Or vice-versa," he smirked. He reached down and rolled my already-firm nipple in his fingers to, as he put it, "wake them up", then I felt my nipple squeezed in the jaws of the first clamp. I closed my eyes and bit into the ball gag as he reached across and applied the second clamp to my other nipple.
He said, "Perfect," in a satisfied tone. Unlike the larger clamps that Kellie had used to have my tits hold up the trays, these had small little jaws that grasped just my tender pink little nipples.
One of the other guests said, "I thought the point of those was they got tighter when you pull on them?"
Bald Guy said, "Ok, almost perfect then." He stepped around so I could see him, and showed me a small weight with a hook on it. I shook my head "no", which had the all the effect I expected it to, i.e. none. Probably made it more fun for him though. I felt a tug on my nipples as he attached the weight, and the clamps pinched my nipples even tighter. I moaned into the gag.
"Nope, not enough," he said. He went through the process of showing me a weight, and then attaching it to the chain between my nipples a couple of times. He didn't stop until my nipples felt like they were not only pulled hard, but being squished flat, and I was making nonstop "Owww oww owww" noises into the ball gag.
"There's the soundtrack I like to fuck a cunt by," he said happily.
He stepped behind me, and grabbed my asscheeks, pulling me wide enough that it took my attention off of my nipples for a second. Holding me wide open, he plunged his cock all the way in a single strong thrust, making me interrupt my "oww"s with a scream. His cock was big enough, but not huge. It wasn't his dick plunging into me that made me scream, it was that when he thrust himself against my ass, it shook my entire body, including those weights dangling from my nipples!
"Ohhh, the bitch felt that," said Perky Boobs, enjoying the show. "Do it again, Matt!"
He gave a short, low laugh, and I felt him pull his cock back to where the head was just touching my pussy lips. He held it there to let the weights stop swaying, then slammed his weight into me again with an even stronger thrust than the first time.
"Awww, she didn't scream," said Perky Boobs, dramatically exaggerating the sound of disappointment in her voice. I hadn't, since I was expecting it this time. Expecting it, however, just allowed me to not scream, it didn't stop the pain that shot through my nipples as the weights again swung back and forth beneath me.
Bald Guy said, "Let me see if I can get my timing right."
He began driving in to me at just the right intervals, getting the weights to swing further and further, the way you can pump yourself higher and higher on a swing by timing when to kick you legs out and back. On each end of their arc, the weights pulled my nipples back and forth, and the pinching got even tighter for a moment every time the weights reached the end of their travel.
"Hey, I thought I could do it!" He sounded quite pleased with his skill. I felt the weights lightly touch my stomach at the end of their backwards swing, he had managed to get them swinging as far as possible.
"The real trick," he said, "is to keep them swinging, but still get my rocks off in this bitch."
Great, I thought. He's not fucking me at a pace that will make him come anytime soon, he's pacing himself to those damned swinging weights.
Thrust, swing. Thrust, swing. I don't know how long he fucked me like that, keeping time with the swinging weights, but it was a while. Long enough for the sharp pain in my nipples to fade as bit as they got a little numb. But just a bit.
"Here it comes bitch," he finally said. He stopped trying to match the swinging of the weights, and slid in and out at the rate that felt good to him when he came, which he did, pressing hard against my butt as the weights slowly stopped swinging. He pulled out, and the next thing I felt was him unclipping the clover-clamps from my nipples.
"Yeeowwww, son of a bitch!" I screamed into the gag. If you've ever had tight clamps on your nipples for a while, you understand the sudden and incredible pain when those clamps are taken off.
"Sometimes I think taking those off is my favorite part," he said. He gave my breast a squeeze before heading off to clean himself up.
He was apparently the last guy, because the watchers all broke back up into their little groups, and I stood there bent over and well-fucked, waiting for Kellie to get around to releasing me.
Kellie's Clarity
The guests had been leaving once they'd either had their fun with me or had gotten tired of watching. Some of the guys had shown a lot of stamina, and it was getting late. By the time Kellie had finally taken me out of the stocks, there were only a few people left.
I took a shower as Kellie and Jonathon visited with the die-hards. Jonathon had been kind enough to offer it, and I was happy to accept. I always showered once I got home, but the chance to avoid a sweaty, and often sticky, drive home was a welcome luxury!
I had just stepped out, and was drying off, when Kellie came in to the guest bedroom's en-suite bathroom. (Which, by the way, was twice the size of my and Eric'smainbathroom!)
"Tawny, you were everything I'd hoped for at tonight's party," was what Kellie didnotsay to me.
Instead, she snarled, "That looked to be a lot of fun for you, slut."
I expect guys at like the fraternity reunion, and the Five Guys parties, etc. to see me as a slut before, during, and after. Hell, I even sort of encourage it. But even at those kinds of parties, the organizers tended to be at least a little polite afterwards. So Kellie's attitude, treating me with such disdain even "off stage", was unusual. Another pillar supporting what Jonathon had told me.
My temper flared, and I wanted to snarl (or at least snark) back at her, but I managed to restrain myself. If he was right, Kellie and I had a lot in common. I was never in full-blown denial like Kellie appeared to be, but I'm sure I acted out a bit as I came to accept, and eventually embrace, my somewhat unusual lifestyle.
Calmly, I said, "Well, some of itwasfun, and some of it wasn't, but I hope you and your guests were pleased."
She glared at me, and said, "Always the professional, aren't you?"
"If you mean I have a skill, and get compensated for it, then yes, you are correct. That is the definition of a professional."
She just stared at me. I decided that if I waited for some sort of warm moment between us to broach the subject, it would never happen, so I forged ahead anyway.
"Kellie, I don't think you are disgusted by me, I think you are envious. I think deep down you wish it was you in those stocks, being abused and fucked by strangers."
She slapped me, and called me a bitch as she brought her arm back to do it again. I had half-expected the first one, and had let her have it. Well, some of it anyway. I was already in motion as it came, so it didn't have much force behind it. But when she swung the second time, I leaned back, palmed her arm as it went past, and then her shoulder, pushing her away. I could have put her in an arm-lock, but that seemed like an over-reaction. Yes, having a husband who was a martial-arts enthusiast paid off. I had no interest in becoming Bruce Lee, but he'd convinced me to spend enough evenings at the dojo that I was able to take care of myself if a situation got physical.
She almost fell, but managed not to. Regaining her balance, she spun around and yelled, "I amnotlike you!" Her hands tightened into fists, but she was done trying to hit me. She held them down at her sides, closed her eyes, and took a few deep breaths.
Not a smart move maybe, since she'd slapped me just a minute ago, but I took a step forward and hugged her gently. She stiffened, but we stood like that for a minute, and then she broke free, looked me in the eyes, and said softly, "I'm sorry for slapping you."
I was amazed at the change in her demeanor. The snooty, bitchy Kellie I knew was nowhere to be seen. I nodded.
"I hope you can forgive me," she said, in the same soft and sincere tone. And was that a pleading look in her eyes? Kellie Luth, pleading?
I nodded again, and she sat down on the bed. I sat next to her and quietly said, "Maybe you're like me, and maybe you're not. But Jonathon appears to know you pretty well, and he thinks he knows what you want."
She gave me an intent look. "Jonathon talked to you?"
"He shared his suspicions. And he asked me for my help."
In a resigned voice, she said, "I tried not to show this part of me to him. I thought I'd done pretty well. Did he ask you to... fix me?"
I tried not to look surprised as I answered, "Fix you? No, I don't think he saw you as needing to be 'fixed', even if that was a thing. I think he wanted me to help you satisfy your desires, not eliminate them."
She looked like she wanted to cry. "He's a great guy. I don't deserve him. I love him so much, and I don't want to hurt him."
I put my arm around her. "Hey, hey, I don't think he's hurt. If anything, he seemed likehefelt bad that he wasn't able to be there this way for you."
She nodded, and in a low voice that I had to strain to hear, said, "I've never asked. I didn't need to. I know him. It's not the kind of thing he'd enjoy. I don't think it's something he could even do. It's just not him."
I didn't know how to respond to that, so I went with just nodding.
"And I don't want to embarrass him. Or me," she admitted. "So I've really tried to not want it, tried to convince myself that any girl who did was nothing like me. I thought I'd been doing pretty good by being the voyeur, by being dominant instead of submissive. I guess I wasn't fooling Jonathon, just me." I felt like she was talking to herself, and I was eavesdropping. Her voice was barely audible, and she wasn't looking at me as she spoke.
I didn't pretend to understand their relationship, and the dynamic that had me, almost a stranger, being the conduit for them to discuss something that shouldn't have involved me, but there I was.
"Kellie, Jonathon's thought was that maybe you would like to join me at some of these parties."
"Like at the charity events?" She said it with the same horror that Jonathon had had when I'd asked if he had any friends he could involve.
"No, no, of course not. At other parties, very discrete. He felt that since I already had a 'company' doing this sort of thing that it would be a way for you to have your... adventures, and avoid either of you being embarrassed."
"So I'd get paid, be a whore like you?" A little of the disdainful-Kellie I knew so well shone through for a second.
"That's up to you," I said tactfully. "You can take the money, or not. But the guys would be paying, that's how my business works." I didn't go into my whole rant about how there's nothing wrong with being a "whore".
I also didnottell her that I wasn't in it for the money either. That was a secret I had no desire to share with her. So we'd both be doing it for the love of sluttiness, with the guys thinking we did it for the money, andherthinkingIdid it for the money. Simple, no?
"Would they treat me like they treat you?" The way she said it, I wasn't sure if she was repulsed or excited by that thought.
I went with excited. Giving her an evil smile, I put on my bedroom voice and said, "Oh yes, they'd treat your sexy little body just as mean and rudely as they treat mine."
She closed her eyes, and gave a small shiver.
"Oh god, that sounds so good."
Breakfast
"I think I hired an employee last night," she said.
I stared at my wife, and almost choked on the bite of donut I'd just taken.
"Youwhat?"
She gave me a mysterious smile, and said, "Do you want the whole story or just the bottom line?"
"I think I'm going to need the hear the whole story, please." I tried to think of just what we needed an "employee"for.
"Tawny," I said, "you do know we aren't an actual company, right?"
She stuck out her tongue at me. "Yes, I know we're not. Buttheydon't know that, do they?"
"They?"
"How about you just let me tell you the whole story?" she said.
Ok, good point. "Please, tell me the whole story."
"Thank you." She gave me a small bow.
"After the Dildo Row, and before the stocks, Kellie's husband Jonathon took me aside and told me he thought Kellie secretly wanted to do the gang-bangs and rough sex that she so enjoyed seeing me doing."
Tawny related the discussions with Jonathan, and then Kellie.
Wow, that was not what I expected. Tawny had given me all the details of her encounters with Kellie of course, and I was pretty sure they didn't even like each other, so them suddenly "working" together was unexpected to say the least.
"So how does this all work?"
Tawny said, "After we had gotten to the point where she admitted Jonathon was right, we spent some time talking over the idea. In a nutshell, she does parties where we are confident no one would know her, and she gets a cut of the payment. Or she may forgo it, she wasn't sure. It's not like she needs the money."
Well, I thought, it's not like rich people get rich by leaving money laying on the table, so even if she doesn't need it, I bet she takes it.
I said, "So, do we start advertising two-girl parties, or give them an option, or what?"
"We would start out doing parties together, until we both felt she was ready for a 'solo mission'. I'm not worried about not having enough business."
"Yeah," I said, "I have to turn away customers to keep your parties at a reasonable pace. Not many, but enough that even if Kellie does some of them, there would still be plenty to keep you entertained."
I thought for a second. "Actually, a bigger concern might be the parties where she joins you. No offense, but if Kellie is as hot as you describe her, she's going to get her fair share of the attention. Might make your gang-bangs a little less 'gang', dear."
"I thought about that," she acknowledged. "My plan would be to have her join me at some of the larger parties. For example, something like the next Frat Reunion party. Even the last one was on the verge of being more guys than I could handle, so Alan thinking there would be more guys at the next one had me a little concerned, to tell the truth."
"Ok, good point," I said.
A sudden thought occurred to me. "You didn't tell her I was your husband, did you?"
"Oh, no, and I don't plan to. As far as she knows, you are just my business partner, and I do this for the money. Unlike her, who is doing it for fun." She grinned.
"So you didn't tell her that you do it for the same reason she's going to be doing it, I take it?"
"Nope, and I don't plan to tell her that either."
I was relieved to hear that Tawny had not shared her secret with Kellie. I was a little concerned that Miki, and probably Perry, knew it, and I wasn't comfortable with that circle growing. No, I didn't know what bad things might come out of people knowing, but I was sure there was something. Worrying about things like operational security was just my professional reflex.
"Well, it won't be your next party. It's just five guys, and I'm pretty sure thattwo-point-fiveguys isn't enough for you!" I said with a leer.
She gave me a bright smile, and said, "You know me so well."
A mischievous look came over her face, and she added, "Although, it would be great fun to see Kellie and Rocky collide. If he thinksI'ma smart-mouthed bitch, wait till he meets entitled little Kellie Luth!"
My wife does not "cackle", but if she did, that's where she would have!
I let the gears turn for a second, and then said, "Ok, so maybe Kellie doesn't attend a Five Guys party. But - there's always the next Customer Appreciation party."
Her eyes lit up at the thought, "Ooohhhh, there is, isn't there?"