I finally made it back home after weeks of traveling for work. My husband wanted to celebrate our six month anniversary of being married, which I thought was silly, but I also had been gone and missed him. We were throwing a little hang out at the club downtown and invited some friends.
I was texting my husband ahead of time.
"Missing you!" I sent.
"I'm missing you too. What are you wearing tonight?" he asked.
"That black and white dress you like so much." I replied.
"Perfect. I think you should skip wearing underwear with it." He said, with a winky face.
"Deal." I responded. I loved when he got naughty.
I had to go into the office first and spent my day there.
I was so busy with work I suddenly realized hours had passed and it was time to leave for the party. Throwing everything in my bag I quickly ran to the car and drove over.
Before getting out of the car I reached down and slid my panties off, putting them in my purse.
It was packed inside. After some searching, I found my husband at the bar with our friends. I apologized for being late and kissed him on the mouth. I quickly realized he was already a few drinks in.
Too be fair...I had been late.
He ordered me a drink, we toasted as a group and an hour passed quickly. We sang, danced, I get kept drinking and it was fun.
Finally, our friend Monica grabbed my hand when a heavy rap song came on.
"Let's go dance!" She yelled.
"I don't think we have to do that no-" I started.
My husband nudged me.
"Of course! Go for it honey, we'll hold down the fort here"
I let Monica drag me into the huge crowd of dancing, sweaty bodies. She went all the way to the middle.
We started by dancing together for a little bit, until a handsome guy danced up to Monica and she let go of me to dance with him, giving me a wink. They disappeared into the crowd and I was about to take the opportunity to leave.
Suddenly I felt hands on my hips. I turned to tell the guy I wasn't interested but ended up looking almost straight up.
It was a very handsome, very tall black man. He grinned down at my 5'0 frame.
"I'm Marcus". He said. I couldn't use my words and he took that as acceptance.
Marcus wrapped his hands around in front of me. We started dancing, his hands pulling my booty into his crotch.
I couldn't quite process what was happening but I let it happen as I looked through the crowd, trying to see if I could see my husband...or if he could see me.
As I looked, I suddenly felt Marcus' hand slide up my thighs. I was very conscious of the fact that I wasn't wearing underwear as his fingers drifted higher and higher...until he brushed my pussy lips.
I got weak in the knees. My heart started pounding like a jackhammer.
"Jesus, you're wet." He murmured behind me.
His finger inserted inside me. He pushed all the way in.
I gasped and tried to stay upright. A second finger tried to enter.
"You're fucking tight, aren't you?" He asked. Finally, the second finger slipped in. He started to finger fuck me.
Right there on the dance floor. In the packed crowd no one seemed to notice. His second hand snaked around and fondled my breast through the dress. The fingering sped up. I couldn't believe it -- I was about to cum. Already.
What is wrong with me?
A wave of pleasure passed through my body. At that moment the crowd parted slightly and I could see my husband across the bar, deep in conversation. And I was 100 feet away, with a stranger fingering me. It was too much. I didn't fight it. I let the orgasm take me, legs shaking as I came.
I must have moaned or made some noise, because he sensed what happened.
My thighs felt wet as Marcus pulled his fingers out.
I was almost mad at myself. Until he bent down, turned me to face him and kissed me on the mouth.
I melted.
His tongue slipped into my mouth.
I felt his hands reach up and pull my dress down, exposing my breasts. He stopped kissing me long enough to look down, then pulled my dress back up. I felt like everyone must be looking at me, but no one was in the crowd.
"I'm usually here on Wednesday and Friday nights if you want to find me again." Marcus said. Then he melted back into the crowd.
I quickly raced back to my husband through the crowd.
He asked if I had fun when I got back and I could only nod.
I ordered another drink.
This rabbit hole was just getting deeper...