This story is a continuation of my previous story, 'Aparna's boutique ordeal in Cochin."
This part of the story is written from Aparna's perspective.
*
After my ordeal in the boutique, I returned home by bus. I replayed the scenes in my mind. I could feel my nipples getting erect and rubbing against my kurti as I was not wearing a bra. I realised that I liked being exposed. It's only that I was bold enough to show till now. Now that it happened unknowingly, I enjoyed every second of it. Every time I think about the incident, I could feel my nipples becoming erect and a tingling in my pussy. Even though I felt only shock and embarrassment at that time, memories of it created a fire inside me.
I was really shocked when I was back home that evening, when I couldn't find the photos or videos in my mobile. I couldn't figure out why. I checked galleries and albums and only then the probability of getting the wrong mobile occurred to me. I realised the possibility of accidentally taking the photos in Ajith's mobile. I became really anxious thinking about my pictures in a compromising state in my friend's mobile. But later the same thought was making me horny. I felt safe as I was sure that Ajith is not going to do anything that might harm me.
I called Ajith that night itself to ask if those pics were with him. He told me he will check and call back later. I waited for almost 10 minutes for his call.
"Hi Appu, don't worry. Those pics and videos are with me and very safe too."
"Oh god, I don't know why I let these things happen to me."
"Calm down Appu. It's okay. Nobody did anything on purpose," he tried to pamper me.
"Aji, please delete it."
"Delete it now?"
"Yes now. Please do it." I said.
"Don't you want the pics?" he asked me.
"Did you watch them?"
"Yes, I did," I told her the truth.
"Oh god, I feel so embarrassed. Please delete it."
Aji reassured me, "They are not as bad as you think. It's beautiful. You looked like an actress in those dresses. You should see them."
"Can you send me a few." I asked him as I felt a bit relieved by then.
"Sure, I will send. I would have sent everything, but it's too much data. Let me select a few, ok."
"Mom is calling me for dinner. I will send the pics, after dinner, ok."
He went and I was waiting to see the pics. I waited for almost half an hour and didn't see any pics. I was feeling hungry. I went downstairs for dinner. I was lost in my thoughts during dinner time and was not listening to what my family discussed at the table.
"So, what do you think?" my father asked me?
"About what?" I exclaimed.
"The TV, of course."
"What about the TV, it was not working since last week!" I replied.
"Thats what we were discussing. The repair guy came today and evaluated it. He said that the picture tube is gone, and he is not sure if parts will be available as everybody is buying LED TV now a days." my dad explained.
"Sorry dad, I didn't hear. I was thinking about a movie," I said.
"Dad, I think we should buy a new LED TV. My friend has one at his home. It comes in much bigger screens than before. And the clarity is out of this world!", said my brother. He was obviously excited.
"I called Kumar, my classmate. He is in TV sales business. They are having a clearance sale now. He has promised me the best offer he can give," said my dad.
"I remember seeing him at Arya's marriage function. It must be at least 10 years back," said my mom.
"I don't remember him," I said.
"We had not met in years," my dad said, "even I didn't have his contact details. Recently I met him in facebook."
"See dad, you were not interested when I taught you how to create an ID in fb. But see how useful it is," I was proud.
“There is one more thing i forgot to tell. Kumar is organising an alumni get together of our batch. Everyone is invited with family. It’s on next month 10th,” make sure you all are free that weekend,” said my dad.
“Oh dad, please. Please leave us. It will be boring. You can attend the meet with mom,” i showed my dislike. I was sure, that will be boring for me and Arun.
“sorry Appu, I promised him and gave him a count of four from our side. Please don’t embarrass me in front of my friend,” dad was adament.
“Ok, but don’t tell me to talk to all at the party. Is it a deal,” I asked my dad.
“Ok, deal,” he agreed.
Right after dinner I went to bed and told everyone that I was tired over the day's travel.
The moment I was back in my room, I opened my phone to check for any photos. I saw a few photos in the inbox. I went through them one by one and felt thrilled. I looked great.
The pics in the saree were much sexier than I thought it would be. I have never shown that much of my midriff and navel anywhere in a saree.
I saw the pics in the golden top towards the end. Oh god, it was too much for me to digest. If i had seen a photograph of the dress before the trial, I would not have even tried that. The mere thought of standing in front of 5 males wearing that dress made me feel excited.
I felt an irresistible urge to feel my nipples. I have very sensitive nipples. I removed my bra and wore only the tee. I put my hand under it and started feeling my nipples and tweaked them. I felt wonderful and excited and horny.
Suddenly my phone rang, it was Ajith. I answered him.
"Hello Aji, I was going through the pics."
"Aparna, you were doing great. I never thought you are this beautiful.
You can definitely give any actress a run for their money."
"Aji, don't show this to anyone in our class."
"Don't worry, I won't. Shall I keep them. I don't want to delete them. I want to see them whenever I want,' Ajith said in a much huskier tone.
I felt that he was trying to flirt with me. Usually I don't allow anyone to flirt with me. I was brought up like that. But I loved him, but I didn't want to tell him about my feelings for him because he has told me about his girlfriend, Anjana.
I was already horny that night and I could only respond positively when he tried to flirt.
"You can keep them, but promise me that it will be safe. I don't want anyone else to see them," I made myself clear.
"No Appu, don't worry. It will be safe."
"Aji, do you have any other pics."
"Yes, I do. I didn't send them all because it will cause a lot of data and the network is slow here."
"Ok, I know. There will be repetitions. But do you have any other pics? I mean.."
I asked him again. I wanted to ask him if he had any of my topless pics, but felt too shy to bring up the topic.
"I have a lot of pics and a few videos also. You tell me which one do you want, saree or lehenga?" He was also beating around.
He continued, "You looked really hot. I never thought I would gather the courage to tell you this."
"Oh, you have videos too. Can you send me?"
"It's a very big file. Which one do you want?"
"Aji, you didn't take anything after that lehenga, right?" I asked with some concern.
"I took a few photos and videos. I will send you a screen shot because the video is too large to send now," said Ajith.
I waited and a few photos popped up. They were screenshots of saree and lehenga trials and there was one that particularly caught my attention. I was in the golden top with both my hands behind my neck thrusting my chest forward and displaying my neatly shaven armpits.
I gulped when the next scene flashed in my mind. By this time, I was almost sure that Ajith will be having my topless video and that thought began to excite me. I realised with a surprise that I may be an exhibitionist being suppressed all these time by my social set up.
"Oh, I can't believe that I wore this? Don't you think it's vulgar?" I asked him.
"No, I would never say that. You were beautiful. You were...." he stopped there.
"You were about to say something," I probed him.
"Sexy"
He never used the word sexy to describe me before. I felt sexy. I slowly removed my panties keeping my skirt on.
"What are you doing? Say something."
"Not doing anything. I just changed my position in bed," I replied.
"Are you in bed already? It's too early to sleep!"
"Not for sleeping, I was just making myself comfortable. It's too hot here on the top floor," I said.
"Actually, I am also on the bed," he said.
"Is that where the video ended?", I asked him.
"Where?"
"There. You sent the screenshot. The last one," I knew he was playing me.
"The one with your hands behind your neck? That was sexy!" He stated.
"Err. Anything after that?"
"I got only a few seconds more," he said.
I was feeling so horny. I could feel the wetness between my thighs. I slowly pulled my skirt up above my pussy. I have never been naked in my room. I used to change my undergarments only in my bathroom. But this was turning me on. I slowly put my right hand on my pussy and started to feel myself.
"Aaah," a faint moan escaped my lips.
"What happened? Are you Okay?" He asked me.
I blushed. He heard it. I was burning with shame. I hoped I was not loud enough. I hoped he didn't realise what I was doing.
"Nothing," I replied.
'What are you doing?"
"Nothing, just lying down," I said and I held the mobile between my shoulder and ear to free my other hand. I tweaked my nipple with the now freed hand. I was breathing faster.
"Can you send me more screenshots?' I asked him. I wanted to see if he has my topless one.
"Sure, give me some time," and I heard mobile clicks.
I received another photo. It was with the golden top but significantly lower than before. It could be during the fall, I thought. I massaged my clit and nipples together. It felt so good. I felt so horny that I began losing my inhibitions.
I could also hear some rhythmic sounds. As if he is beating something.
Maybe he is masturbating, I thought.
"Is that the last?" I asked. My voice was husky as if whispering.
"No," he said. I could hear mobile sounds.
I received another picture. The top of my breasts could be seen. There was a hint of my areola on one side. It was very hot. I looked sexy as hell. I picturised my conservative innocent girl image in my mind and where I have reached. My cunt started flowing. I could feel my juices making my thighs wet.
I continued massaging down there. "And .... anything more...ooh...?? Ahh.." I was unable to speak properly.
I could hear the beating sounds very clearly now. He was masturbating, for sure.
Ting. I received another one. Dress was below my nipple. My nipple. It was exposed in a photo. The reality unfolded in front of me. Someone is having a picture, rather a video of me with my breast exposed. It was beyond any stretch of my imagination a day before.
I should be feeling horrified, but I was getting too excited. I massaged my clit vigorously. I was not actually tweaking my nipples; I was crushing them. I felt no pain, only excitement. I could feel I was nearing it.
"Aji, is that all?"
Ting ting ting... received 3 photos... Fully topless and still my face looking normal in first, surprise in the next and horror in my eyes in the third.
I was fingering myself like crazy.
"Di.. you like thaaat...." I asked him.
"I loved your nipple. They were firm and erect. I wanted them in my mouth. I wanted to suck them..." he was equally excited and i can now clearly hear him masturbating.
I pinched my nipples with my finger nails. I could feel my thighs losing strength and shivering. My breaths were faster and I was panting.
Aahh aaahhh aahhhh ...I came again and again.... I felt my vision blurring. My body fully stretched. My limbs felt powerless. Phone fell down from my neck.
My nipples were almost like dough from vigorous kneading, but i didn't feel any pain. My breaths were heavy and my body started convulsing like anything. I had the biggest and longest orgasm I ever had till that day. I collapsed on to the bed and had a few settlings down waves of pleasure.
Finally, I calmed down. I looked in the phone, his call was active. I called out to him but nobody responded. I couldn't hear the beating sounds any more. Maybe he also came, I thought. I remained in the bed fully relaxed and slept off.
I woke up somewhere in the middle of the night. Last night memories went through my mind. I felt deepest guilt. I felt as if I cheated my parents. In my society premarital sex was forbidden. This was not sex but I couldn't convince my consciousness. I started crying.
I felt like a dead woman. As if I have lost everything. I felt guilty because I knew about Ajith's lover, Anjana. What I did was sin. He was in a relationship. I should have controlled myself. I felt that I was seducing him. I cheated Anjana.
I felt another horror full scenario unfolding before me. What if he showed this to somebody else? What if he didn't delete it as he told me? What if he makes copies before deleting? He won't show it to anyone if I was his lover, but what if not. I was surrounded by all these questions. Guilt and fear.
I called him the next day.
"Ajith, I am sorry. Forget everything. Delete that video. Not only that, delete everything," I asked him.
"Appu, don't worry. I will delete everything. But you may want the photos later once you become normal. Now you are feeling guilty. Don't be sorry. You didn't do anything wrong," he tried to reassure me.
"I know it. You are my good friend. You won't do anything that may harm me. Am I right?"
"Appu, trust me. I am your friend. I will delete all videos now itself. You can see the photos when we meet after holidays and decide what else to delete. Happy?"
"Aji, I feel so relieved. You are a good friend."
"Can i ask you something Aparna?"
"You can ask me anything," I said.
"Did you get excited there?"
"Why did you ask so?" I asked nervously.
"Nothing."
"Tell me Aji. There is something. Why did you ask that?"
"You won't feel bad, right?"
"No Aji, please be open to me," I said.
"Ok, I asked that because your nipples looked so erect when that happened."
I was dumbstruck. I felt so ashamed and caught right in the light.
"You can tell me. I will tell you what I felt. Actually I should have felt horrible when you got exposed like that. But I couldn't believe it when I felt excited when you were topless with 5 people around you. It's not that I did mean any harm to you. I just felt so," he said. I never thought he would admit something like that so openly, showing his pervert nature to me.
"Aji, ok. It's true. What you told is true. I was also excited." I admitted that.
"I felt the same when you sent me the pictures yesterday. I felt like I was getting exposed in front of you and that fear got me excited. Unlike the morning session, this was safer and i lost it after that," I said, "And I lost it after that. I was not under my control."
"Don't feel bad. I don't think you did anything wrong. It's our inner feeling. From our heart, don't feel guilty for it," he reassured me.
"I felt bad initially. In fact, I cried a lot after i got up. Now after talking to you, I feel much relaxed."
"Appu, I am happy to hear that you feel better now. We got 5 more days of holiday. Why don't we meet for a coffee?"
"I don't feel like going out. I will tell you when I feel ok," I said.
"Ok Appu, call me whenever you want. Bye."
I was super excited that day. We didn't talk about those feelings after that day. I loved to be with him.
I felt better and better over the next 2 days. The next day and I called Ajith.
"Aji, i feel better now. Shall we meet in Cochin?"
"Why not, I am ready. Actually, I was waiting for this call for 2 days."
"Where will we go."
"Shall we go to the movies?"
"Ok. Where?"
"We will go to Goldsouke mall. My uncle is running an electronics store there, PRS electricals. His son will be there because of holidays. He is my close buddy. I will ask him to take tickets for us. I will be there by 11, ok."
"PRS electricals! Wow, that is your uncle's business? They have a huge chain across Kerala. He must be a millionaire!" Aparna was excited.
"No Appu, he doesn't own the whole business. He is running their Cochin franchise." Ajith explained.
"Oh, i got it. So, I will be there in time. What's the plan after the movie?"
"We can have lunch from KFC, if you like it," he suggested.
"Wow, I love KFC chicken. So, it's fixed. Done." I loved KFC.
"Do you mind if I call him for lunch with us?" Ajith asked me.
"Who?" I wondered.
"My cousin."
"Okay, no problem. What does he do?" I enquired.
Ajith replied, "He is doing his 12th grade. And it's his birthday tomorrow. He will turn 18 years old tomorrow."
"That's a nice coincidence. Shouldn't we give him a birthday gift also," asked Aparna.
"I just got a plan for a surprise gift for him tomorrow," Ajith sounded excited.
"What's the plan, please tell me."
"No, I won't tell you. It's a surprise for you also."
"You and your surprises. Do whatever. It's your cousin, I don't care."
"Hey Appu, it will be fun to have surprises."
"Ok, so we will meet tomorrow by 10:45 am at the mall," I confirmed the plan with him.
"Done. Good night. Take care," he disconnected the call.
I wanted to spend time with him. I loved him. I actually longed if he ended the relationship with Anjana and be my lover.
I told my parents that I have to meet a few friends in Cochin the next morning.
"I will be going to Cochin tomorrow to get our new TV. The sale ends tomorrow, " my father said.
"May be I can drop you," he added.
"No dad, don't bother. I will go by bus. I have to leave tomorrow morning."
"Ok. Call me when you are returning. Maybe I can pick you up on the way back," my dad offered.
"Ok, sure."
I went back to my room. I couldn't decide what to wear. Usually I don't get this confusion. I felt an urge to seduce Ajith a bit. I wanted him to look in to my cleavage. I wanted him to be excited but I don't want to be too loud also. Discretion was important.
I checked my entire wardrobe and tried one after another. Most of my dresses were ultra conservative type and I couldn't find anything spicy. I was feeling so horny and I couldn't think of meeting him as usual.
Finally, I decided to modify one of my salwars a bit. I knew a bit of tailoring since my mother did a lot of such work. She used to stitch my dresses when i was a child. She had a 'Singer' sewing machine at home. She had taught me all the basics and I used to do minor shape corrections to my salwars.
I had a deep green cotton salwar with a conservative neckline. It was relatively loose and so, it didn't have buttons or a zipper. I opened up the salwar in the front midline and attached a zipper. I made a cloth loop in the uppermost part and fitted a soft ball button with a velvet top on the opposite side. So, when the zipper is pulled up, the ball button and velvet top will cover the top stop of the zipper so that it remains hidden.
I made the loop slightly big so that it may accidentally get slipped. Then I made two tucking stitch lines in the back to give it a figure-hugging look. I tried it on me and found it to have a good shape but still a bit loose. I advanced the tucking again and did a trial.
Wow. It looked great. It was sexy. Not only that it covered me like a second skin but also the tightness in the lower part of breast helped to keep the breasts as if in a push up bra. There was no obvious cleavage but there was a slight shadowing in the valley in between unlike the usual flat look.
Next day I left after breakfast. I wore a dupatta to cover myself well so that my mother won't notice it. I kept the dupatta spread out to make sure it covered everything.
I met Ajith at the mall. He was a bit disappointed to see me all covered. He stood in the queue for tickets and I went to buy some chips from the stall. I went to the restroom and arranged my dupatta from spread out to one side hanging. That means I folded it and left it over one shoulder and left the neck absolutely free. After getting the snacks, I waited for him at the entrance of the theatre. When he had his eyes on me, I could see the sparkle in his eyes that was missing earlier.
We sat down in our seats. The seats were in the corner of the theatre except one seat. There was one person sitting in the corner seat. Then we had our seats. This corner was diagonally opposite to the theatre entrance.
"Oh, bad luck. We didn't get the corner seat," Ajith said desperately.
"It's okay. It doesn't matter, we are here for the movie," I said playfully.
We watched the movie till the interval. We had intervals at the middle of the movie in India which is meant for getting snacks and beverages. Even for Hollywood movies made without an interval, it will be inserted by the theatre people for advertisements and to improve sales in their cafeteria.
When the interval is announced, it usually takes a few seconds for the theatre lights to come up. I used this dark time window. I undid the ball button and unlocked the slider body of the zipper by turning the pull tab upwards. I carefully lowered the slider of the zipper about 3-4 cm and turned the zipper lock downwards before the lights were up.
I turned to Ajith and told him, "We will get something more to munch. I feel hungry."
He smiled and agreed. I checked him through the corner of my eye to see if he noticed the results of my work. I was happy to find that he has registered it well.
I saw him ogling again and again. I looked down and checked if I was showing too much. I found that he was amused by the truth that the zipper is down a bit. Nothing much was visible except a faint hint of cleavage.
We were in the line and we had to wait pretty long to get our snacks. It was a multiplex and perhaps another show also had intervals simultaneously. We had a glass of Pepsi, coffee, popcorn and nachos. The sales boy at the counter handed over Pepsi and popcorn and since both my hands were busy, I turned to Ajith who was making the payment and asked to get the rest.
When I turned back, I found the sales boy looking straight at my boobs and calling out to his friend who was preparing coffee. He looked elsewhere when I noticed him.
Ajith took the coffee and nachos and he also seemed to be extremely interested in my chest. I didn't look down to my chest so that I didn't want to make him feel caught. I wanted him to look but it should look candid and not like I was trying to seduce him.
We were walking back and heard a call.
"Hey Ajith, how is the movie so far?"
We turned back to see Mithun, one of our classmates, standing there with a Pepsi.
"Hey Mithun, I didn't see you in the theatre?" Ajith replied.
He was watching another movie. I didn't like Mithun much. He was a certified womaniser. I caught him looking at my breast multiple times. Luckily the bell that indicated the end of interval time rang and we were about to leave.
"Hey, let's take a selfie," he said and took his mobile and began to pause. We all looked at the screen and gave a smile. That's when I realised how much I showed. I felt as if I got a blow on my stomach when I saw myself in it. The zipper lock probably was not holding or might have given away as I tightened the breast part of the kurti with the additional tucking I did. I saw the pull tab of the zipper almost at the lowest part of my cleavage, where the lower border of each breasts starts to move apart.
It may not seem too much for the readers but nearly 10 years in the most conservative part of Kerala it was too bold a thing to do. I knew I couldn't do a thing as both my hands were occupied. But somehow, I adjusted the position and tried to hide part of the cleavage behind Ajith so that I could save myself in the photo. Mithun looked desperate when I did so.
We entered the theatre and lights were still on. Most of the onlooker's eyes were on my chest. I felt tensed as well as excited. The lights were turned off by the time we reached our seats and I don't know what made me not correct my dress. I sat there and started having my popcorn.
After five minutes when our vision got adjusted to the dim light, I saw that Ajith was no longer watching the movie. He was ogling me and struggling to have a look into my cleavage. I decided to help him.
"Hey, give me nachos," and turned my body to him and used my right hand to grab a few.
I was sitting on his right side. I looked down to see what I was showing and I saw my boobs bulging as I brought my right hand across. Ajith was now not trying to pretend as if he were watching the movie anymore. He was looking right at my cleavage.
I was getting horny. I could feel my nipples getting harder. I wanted him to knead my nipples. I looked at him and saw that his hands were on the shared arm rest.
I leaned towards him so that my left breast now brushes his arm. He just moved his arm initially. I leaned towards him a bit more trying to look candid.
He got the hint and he kept his hand back where it was and this time it was rubbing my breast even firmer.
He did something amazing after that. He started eating the popcorn with his right hand making sure it moved all over my left breast and I was sure he could feel my nipple which was now rock hard.
He was not pretending much anymore and was crushing my breast with his arm.
Excitement and lust were overpowering me. I kept my purse below my seat and kept my mobile in the slot in the armrest. I wanted to give him better access. Till now I could maintain the accidental look to whatever happened. Lust took me over. I decided to come out of the cover.
I corrected my position, took my dupatta and covered my chest properly. Ajith also took his arm away taking my clue. But he was wrong. My brain was no longer guiding me. I took his left hand and guided it to my breast under the dupatta.
"Knead them." I was giving him permission to do whatever he wanted.
He hesitated initially and kept his hand there. I closed my eyes and helped his hands, giving them the push. He was now more confident and started pressing them, initially over the kurti and soon his hand slipped into it.
He went directly for my right breast sliding deep to the bra. I felt as if I got an electric shock the moment his fingers located my nipple. It was the first time ever a man touched my nipple. He caressed them gently and was tickling me.
"Harder...please..."
He increased the pressure. He tried to shift to the other breast. But it was difficult since the dress was tight. He slides the zipper further down so as to get a slightly better access.
"Please remove your dupatta. I want to see," he asked.
I looked around. It was a corner except a boy sitting next to me. Looked like a much younger lad, probably in school or just finished it. He didn't look like a threat as his eyes were plastered on to the screen.
I slowly raised my dupatta. I was afraid as well as excited. I slowly pulled it above my breast. I could see his hands going inside my kurti.
Now that the zipper is wide open, I can clearly see my cleavage. I couldn't believe what I was doing. I could never even think about doing something in public. Ajith desperately wanted to see my nipple and he was trying to get rid of my bra.
I asked him to wait to stop, and covered myself with the dupatta. The straps of my bra were detachable. I detached both straps and rotated the bra slowly so that the hook in the back side was brought to the front. I opened the hook and slowly removed my bra. I opened my purse and put the bra inside.
That's when Ajith realised what I was doing. Even in the darkness, I could see the excitement in his eyes. He didn't need another invitation. I maintained a slightly leaned forward position so as to cover up things better. He gave a tug to my dupatta suggesting that he wanted it removed. He was getting adventurous, rather dangerous.
But I knew the risks. It was a public place and this is India. I have to be careful, sometimes if caught the crowd may turn out to be dangerous and i might be all over the news. But I couldn't turn down his request and slightly pulled the dupatta up so that it hung as a hammock under my neck leaving the chest open.
I looked to both sides and found the neighbours focussed on the movie. I felt a bit relaxed and allowed him to proceed. I pulled my dupatta further up. Ajith was already inside my kurti and kneading my nipples.
I lost sense of what was happening and began to enjoy myself. I could feel the thrill, the incredible sensation of my erect nipples getting tweaked one after the other and I slowly closed my eyes enjoying the feeling to the fullest.
He was mauling one breast after another. I looked down and saw both my breasts open in the air. He has managed to pull them out and tucked each flap of the kurti inside to expose them.
I slowly crouched myself forward and kept both forearms on the armrest to hide them from others. Both my breasts were lying outside, exposed. I couldn't believe I had the courage to let these things happen.
I checked the boy on my right and I was shocked to see him looking at my breasts. I quickly pulled my dupatta down. Ajith also took hands away seeing my sudden response.
The boy also looked back to the screen as if he didn't see anything. I couldn't put my breast back inside, instead I covered them with my dupatta.
"Ajith I am afraid. He saw me. What can we do now?"
"Appu, don't worry. He doesn't know you."
"But still... He saw my breasts. I saw him looking. Come, we will leave at once," I was worried and I wanted to avoid a bed situation.
"Appu calm down. See he is not causing any trouble. He is as afraid as you or even more. He doesn't look like a threat," he tried to reassure me.
"Are you sure he won't tell anybody?"
"Yes, why should he. Why should he spoil the show? Please don't spoil the mood. Why should you bother even if he tell somebody later. He doesn't know you," he said and tried to insert his hands under my dupatta.
"Oh god, Ajith. Are you saying you want to continue!"
"Yes, and I am sure you also feel the same. You are excited too, aren't you?"
"No, I am not. I am not a slut."
He slowly eased his hands through my failing resistance and felt my boobs under the dupatta.
He tweaked my nipples and said, "See, how hard they are. You are no slut. But you are definitely excited. Aren't you Aparna?"
The moment he started working on my nipples I lost my resistance. I was not sure if I should admit the fact. We have gone this far. Why should I act naive?
"Yes Aji, I feel excited. The fear of getting caught is so erotic. But I am afraid also."
"Appu, don't worry. He is not going to trouble us. He might try again to have another look, but don't you want him to look?"
"Noo, I don't want him to look," I resisted the way he was turning things. Maybe I wanted him to look. But I felt it was too slutty to admit it. Denial was my first response.
"Appu, I never expected you to admit it. But I know how you feel," he continued massaging my breasts, still covered with my dupatta. He was very good at it. He worked softly with his fingers most of the time, and hard in between, sending electric waves inside me. This aroused me further and I desperately wanted to touch myself.
"Don't you want to touch yourself?" he asked. I wondered how he is reading my mind so correctly.
I slowly inserted my hand through the side slit of my kurti. (Kurti is usually long reaching up to or even below knee and usually has slits on both sides till the hip level so as to allow free movement). I covered my hand properly with the kurti.
I slowly glided my hand under the legging on to my pussy. It was gross. My panty was soaked. I slowly parted my labia with my index and ring fingers and slid my middle finger gently to find my clitoris.
"Aah.uuh.." I let out a soft moan and tried my best to muffle it.
I checked the surroundings, everyone seemed involved in the movie. I felt relieved and started slowly massaging my clit. Ajith continued massaging my breasts and kneading my nipples. I was slowly losing my inhibitions. I massaged my clit vigorously.
The thrill of doing something in public and the fear of getting caught together made sure that I reached my peak within seconds. I could feel that I was nearing an orgasm.
My breaths became faster and laboured. my vision was getting blurred and I slowly closed my eyes. I lost track of my surroundings and my fears were wearing away. I felt Ajith adjusting my dupatta and I moved my body when he prompted to help him. I didn't care what he was doing.
I was slowly reaching there. My limbs were losing strength. I felt like I was in space, as if there was no gravity and I was floating. I continued massaging my clit and I asked Ajith, "Aji, harder please. Please....aaah..aah..crush my nipples..aah..aaah...please..."
Suddenly my body arched a bit and I convulsed into an incredible summit. I came again and again and my body was hitting multiple waves of pleasure. An orgasm that was even better than the one I had 2 days back. Slowly I came back to sense as the pleasure was wearing off.
I looked at Ajith who was looking at my face proudly and I turned to the other side to check if the boy saw me coming.
There he was, looking at me with his mouth half open and his one hand over his crotch and the other was holding a mobile. I looked at myself to check how I looked.
"Oh god, Aji, are you crazy?" I almost cried out when I saw how he made me look. He twisted my dupatta like a rope which was there just below my neck leaving both my breasts fully and proudly exposed.
To make things worse my phone was vibrating. It was an incoming call from some unknown number, probably a promotional call. Luckily the phone was in silent mode and didn't invite much trouble. But as the mobile screen came alive, it lit me up in the dark like a floodlight.
I tried to pull my dupatta down but he managed to tie both the ends somehow, and I couldn't pull it down easily. After the initial try I let go of that and tried to correct my kurti. I pulled out both flaps of kurti one by one, which was tucked inside. I was giving a show of almost 5 to 10 seconds which felt like 5 full minutes to me.
The boy was still looking at me and massaging his crotch. I couldn't look at him anymore and felt so embarrassed. I quickly grabbed my purse and mobile and told Ajith," Aji, come outside. We will go," and I walked out through the exit.
I quickly went to the washroom and wore my bra. I lowered my panty and dried down there with a napkin. I pulled back the legging. I pulled the zipper of my kurti up and locked the button too. I washed my face and mopped myself dry. I felt fresh and relaxed.
I returned to the lobby and found Ajith. He was looking for me. I went to him and let my frustration on him.
"Don't you ever dare do that to me again!"
He made a cocky smile and said, "I am dead sure that you enjoyed what I did better than the movie."
"But it was a big risk. He was holding his mobile in his hand. What if he was taking a photo. Do you have any idea what my future will be if something like that happens?"
"Don't worry my dear, it's too dark in there to get a photo. That is not a concern at all," he said but i was not fully convinced.
"But still. I don't know. I am worried. I can't face my parents or friends if something bad happens. Are you sure about it? Was it too dark?"
"You know my interest in photography. There is no need to worry," he was confident and i felt a bit relaxed after hearing that.
"Appu, you didn't answer me. You enjoyed it, right?" he asked me again.
I asked myself. Did i? Yes, it was true, I enjoyed it. The thrill of being at risk felt great. The risk is even greater, but that's what makes the act exciting.
"Yeah, I admit it. I enjoyed the thrill of it. But I can't face if anything leaks out. I will be done. You know that, right?"
"I know my dear. I won't put you at risk."
I felt much better. I asked him, "Can we have lunch now?"
"Shall we go to KFC as planned yesterday?" he asked me.
"Okay," and we moved to KFC which was on the ground floor.
We got a seat. We kept our bag there to claim the seat and moved to the queue to make the order as they had only self-service. Ajith made an order for 3 people. That's when I remembered about Ajith's cousin.
"Oh Aji, did you forget to take the surprise gift to your cousin," I asked him, looking at his empty hands. He didn't bring any bag with him.
"No, I didn't."
"Where is it? I don't see anything. Or is it so small to fit in your pocket?" I asked him.
"I told you he is turning 18 years old. So, he deserves an adult's gift."
"So where is it? And what is this adults gift?" I was impatient and got irritated as he was just beating around the bush.
"Ha ha ah. It's not me who is giving the gift today. It's you. And do you know one thing?
"You have already given it!"
I looked at him quizzically, "Already given? When?"
Ajith looked at the door and said, "There he comes. Aparna, meet my cousin, Anand."
He turned to him and said, "Anand, meet my friend Aparna."
I looked at him and felt like the whole mall just collapsed on me.
"What the FUCK!!!!"
It was the boy next to us in the theatre.