Even if my friends hadn't told me many times, I still would know that I'm a prick. I don't think I used to be a prick, but when I got even with my wife, apparently I went too far. You see, it all started about 15 years ago.
Tricia (short for Patricia) and I met during our junior year of college. I was an engineering major and she was majoring in public relations and communications. We dated for two years and then married three months after we graduated. We were both 23 years old. People told us we made an attractive couple. I was 6'2" tall, weighed 190 pounds and have brown hair. Tricia was 5'6" tall, weighed 120 pounds and was blond. She measured in at 34 (C cup)-24-36. I thought she was the hottest woman I had ever dated.
Our sex life was outstanding. She seemed to initiate and enjoy sex as much as I did. We made love everywhere - inside, outside, in the car, on the bike trail, and even in a restaurant. She was a very vocal lover and that even got me more excited.
We settled in to our lives as a married couple. I worked at an architectural and engineering firm in the Baltimore suburbs and she worked for a PR firm downtown. Her parents lived in Washington D.C. and mine lived in Harrisburg. My dad was also an engineer and my mother was a teacher. Tricia's dad was a minister and her mother was also a teacher.
After six years of marriage, we had a three year old daughter and a one year old son. We lived in a nice home in the suburbs and seemed to be the typical American middle class family. I knew I would be happy living the rest of my life with Tricia and raising our two children. How fuckin naïve can a person get?
Over the next year, Tricia worked late a few nights, but since her job included meeting with clients, I never gave it a second thought. I picked up the kids and had them in bed when she got home. About that same time, she stopped initiating sex and even rejected my advances at least once or twice a week.
Shortly after our seventh anniversary, Tricia told me that she would need to begin traveling for the company. She and Bonnie had to fly to Atlanta to meet with a customer for a few days. No problem; I could handle the kids and still make it to work. She called to let me know she made it and then I didn't hear from her again until she came back home two days later. Unfortunately, my urge to get laid that night wasn't in sync with hers not to get laid.
Over the next couple of years, Tricia traveled at least once a month. Most of the time her trips were just two or three days, but a few times, they extended out to five days. According to her, Bonnie traveled with her to visit all of the clients. During that time, our sex life virtually dried up. I guess I was just so busy with the kids and job that I was stupid to not figure it out quicker.
But at some point, it clicked that something was wrong. On her next trip out of town with Bonnie, I called the company and asked the receptionist the name of Tricia's hotel and who was with her. The receptionist gave me the name of the hotel and said, "As usual, Tony is with her to meet with the clients."
I hired a PI and told him that I would notify him whenever Tricia had to work late or travel. I called him almost a dozen times over the next 60 days.
During that same period, I converted money from our accounts into cash and opened a safe deposit box for it. I copied all of her travel receipts for the past two years and documented the dates of her travel.
Finally, I called my old high school friend Scott Clausen who worked at Tricia's company in the IT Department. We met for beers and I asked if he could tell me who had traveled with Tricia over the past two years. This was a little tricky because Scott knew I was asking him something illegal. However, Scott wasn't necessarily concerned with legalities and ethics, so for $5,000 and the promise that he would remain anonymous, I learned that Tony traveled with her 14 times and Mark traveled with her 5 times.
At the end of two months, I had receipts, photos and even statements from co-workers from the past two months. But the real piece-de-la-resistance was the videos. My PI had videos of her going into motels with both Mark and Tony. He had several videos taken through the curtains of her getting fucked by Tony, a 39 year old white man and Mark, a 27 year old black man.
She could clearly be heard screaming and moaning her lovers' names. When she came, she came loudly. She cursed her husband (me) and begged her lovers to fuck her and let her suck their big cocks. She told them they were better lovers than me. There were excellent shots of her kissing her lovers in the doorways of the motels.
When I had all the evidence, I sat in my living room watching my kids play on the floor while their mother worked late again. I was guessing that tonight's work involved Mark, but I would know for sure when my PI checked in tomorrow. I was done kicking myself for being so naïve and stupid, so I began plotting my revenge. This was probably the point when I became a prick.
The following week, Tricia called on Wednesday and said she had to work late. I said, "No, you won't work late tonight. You need to come home right after work because we need to talk."
"We can talk when I get home later, but I'm working late," she yelled before hanging up. Any guilt that I might have been harboring over my plan quickly evaporated.
When she came in the door around 10:00, she knew the kids were in bed so she gritted her teeth and said, "What the hell is the matter with you telling me to come home? Who do you think you are? And what in the hell are all those big envelopes?"
I smirked at her and said these are addressed to your parents, your brother, your sister, your boss and your best friend. The last one is for you. Check it out. I'll be in the kitchen having a beer. As I sat in the kitchen grinning and sipping my beer, I thought of the contents of each envelope: more than 50 photos of Tricia and either Mark or Tony kissing or fucking, a timeline of her travels and who had traveled with her each time, travel receipts and three CDs of her fucking Mark and Tony.
It was over an hour before she slinked into the kitchen. As I looked up at her, I believe I saw genuine remorse and sadness. She had tears on her face and she said, "I'm so sorry. I . . . "
"Stop," I said. "I don't care whether you're sorry or not. I'm going to give you a choice to make and you can think about it over night. I want your answer in the morning. Do you understand?"
"But I don't . . . "
"Yes or no!" I quietly said. She looked down at the floor and quietly whispered a yes.
"OK. Choice number one is that you will give up complete control of your body to me. I will own you and can do anything I want with you. I can have anyone I want to fuck you. Your body will be my property. In return, you get to stay here and help raise our children."
"I won't ever . . . "
"Choice number two is that you say no to choice number one and I mail these envelopes tomorrow and begin divorce proceedings against you. When the courts see the evidence, I believe they will award custody of the children to me."
"How dare you . . . "
I stood up and walked to the door saying, "If I don't have your answer by 8:00 tomorrow morning, the envelopes get mailed. You can sleep in the guest room tonight."
I slept like a stone that night. When I got up, I heard Tricia getting the kids up and ready for breakfast. I took a leisurely shower and got dressed. When I came to the kitchen, I noticed that the kids were already playing in the living room and watching television.
Tricia looked up and said, "Can we please talk about this?" I put a pod in the coffee maker and grabbed a piece of fruit from the refrigerator.
I turned and said, "All I want to hear is your decision."
"Please. Please. I'm sorry. It will never happen again. I promise. I'll do anything. Please."
When my travel mug was full, I turned off the coffee maker, looked at the clock and turned to Tricia. "What's your decision?"
"Please baby, can't we talk? I'm so sorry ab . . . "
"I've gotta go," I said as I turned and left the kitchen.
She ran out behind me and grabbed my arm. She began sobbing and asked, "What are you going to do?"
I turned and smiled at her. "I think you know what I'm going to do."
I made it all the way to the door to the garage before she said, "Wait! I'll do what you want."
I turned and glared at the woman that I once loved and said, "And just what is that?"
She paused for along time and then quietly said, "I'll give you control over my body. I'll do whatever you say. Please don't send those envelopes to my family."
I looked at my wife. She was still a damn good looking woman. "Don't make any plans for this weekend and take tomorrow afternoon off," I said and then walked out the door.
I locked the envelopes in my desk at work in the event I needed to mail them later. I called Tricia's parents and asked them to watch the kids for the weekend and they were ecstatic. I made a reservation in a small motel outside of Washington and then went to a nearby mall where I spent more time in the Victoria's Secret than ever before. I bought Tricia's clothes for the weekend. Then I stopped at an adult bookstore and bought other items for the weekend.
When I got home that night, Tricia tried every trick she could think of to get close to me. She offered herself to me and pleaded with me to fuck her. She said she would quit her job. She tried to unbutton my shirt and kiss me, but I walked away from her. When I went to bed, she came to my room naked and tried to climb in bed with me, but I made her get out.
The next day, Tricia went in to work for a few hours and I got the kids ready to spend the weekend with grandma and grandpa. When she got home, we drove to her parent's house, had lunch and dropped off the kids. On the way to the motel, Tricia asked, "What are we going to do this weekend?"
The first few times, I ignored her and then I finally had to tell her to shut the fuck up. We checked in to the motel and I mixed each of us a drink. She tried to get me to forget about our deal and to just fuck her, but I handed her a bag and said, "Shut up and put it on."
When she stepped from the bathroom, I looked at the hot woman that I married. She was wearing a short shirt that was above mid thigh and a tight tank top without a bra. She looked fantastic. She, again, tried to seduce me, but I blew her off and called a cab.
We found a small table and I told Tricia to take a look around and see if she could find someone that she would like to fuck. When she tried to argue, I told her that she could either pick the guy, or I could. She watched for about 15 minutes and then finally pointed to a tall well built black man standing alone at the bar. I nodded my head, got up and walked to the bar.
"Excuse me, sir," I said.
"Yes?"
"I was wondering if I could buy you a drink." The man nodded his head and I bought him a drink and invited him over to our table. He told us his name was Drew and we made our introductions. I could see he was definitely interested in Tricia. I I sent her to the bar to get us all another drink and watched his eyes follow her. Of course, all of the men in the room's eyes followed her. He said, "Your wife is hot."
I thought I might as well not waste time and cut right to the chase. "She saw you at the bar and said she wants to fuck you. Are you interested?" He got a huge grin on his face and nodded his head. When Tricia came back with our drinks, I told her that Drew would like to fuck her. She turned red and tried to say something, but first the first time I remember, she was tongue tied.
We finished our drinks and caught a cab to our room. Once inside, I told her to go change in to one of the slutty negligees I bought for her while Drew and I had another drink. I told Drew that I'd like to get a few photos and then would leave the two of them alone. He readily agreed. When she stepped from the bathroom a while later, both of us got erections.
I took pictures of her on Drew's lap, standing with him behind her and his hands on her breasts and on her knees in front of him. Drew removed his shirt and I had her take off the negligee and pose while feeling his upper body, kissing him and with his hands all over her body. Drew volunteered to take off his pants for a few shots and I agreed. I took several shots of her face just inches from his cock almost salivating at its size. My last shots were of the big black cock in her white mouth.
I left the room and grabbed a few beers at the bar across the road. When I returned a couple of hours later, Tricia was sound asleep and Drew was gone. The next morning, Tricia apologized and tried to get close to me thinking I would be upset, but I spurned her efforts, and insisted we go to breakfast.
After breakfast, we spent the remainder of the day visiting nearby parks and walking trails. I could tell by Tricia's attitude and conversation that she definitely felt that she would enjoy this revenge that I was going to take on her. After all, I had let her pick out an attractive man that she might have fucked anyway.
After dinner, I had her put on a short mini dress. "Tonight, I get to pick who, and how many you fuck," I said.
"What do you mean by 'how many?'"
"I mean that you're going to get your slutty cunt banged by more than one guy tonight."
At first she looked a little concerned, but the more she thought about it, I could tell that she was warming to the idea. I called a cab and when I told the cabbie the address, he looked at Tricia and said, "Are you sure, sir? Do you know what kind of . . . "
"Yes, I know," I interrupted. Nothing else was said until he pulled up outside of a dive bar outside the city limits. I paid him and we got out of the car. As we walked to the door, I said, "If you break our deal or embarrass me, I will call a friend who will mail the envelopes immediately. Understand?" She nodded her head.
The music was Southern rock and the crowd was a mix of white and black men between 21 and 40. The place smelled like stale beer and piss. Four men were playing pool, five more at the bar and two at a table playing cards.
I got a drink for each of us and we walked back to the pool table with every eye in the place on my wife's body. We watched for a couple of minutes and then one of the men said, "Do you play?"
"Yeah, sometimes," I said.
Tricia said, "He's pretty good guys."
"Oh he is, is he?" One of the big guys asked. "Maybe he would like to wager on the game then."
"Sure," I said. "What do you want to wager?"
All of the men were looking at Tricia like a wolf looks at fresh meat. "Maybe you'd like to bet your woman."
Tricia knew that I could beat all of these guys with one hand behind my back so she wasn't concerned until I said, "OK. You wager one dollar against her."
Tricia's eyes were as big as saucers. "Wha-what are you . . .?"
"Deal," the man said. "I'll break."
Tricia tried to say something but I walked away and ignored her. The big smelly guy broke and dropped the three ball. He followed that up with the two and the one before he missed. I smiled at him and then sunk the 12. Then as I ran the table, I watched the faces of the men around the table. Tricia knew I had it in the bag as she looked at the almost straight in shot for the eight ball. I looked at the men around the table. They all looked disappointed.
I chalked my cue and called the side pocket, which was the only logical shot. I looked at Tricia and she was starting to smile. I moved the cue and shot the eight into one of the corner pockets and then tossed the cue onto the table. I stood up and said, "Have fun with her boys," and turned and walked to the bar.
It only took me a few seconds to get to the bar, but when I turned back towards the table, I saw that Tricia was already naked. She tried to fight them off, but had no chance. The bartender smiled at me and asked if I minded if he got in on it and I told him it would cost him a beer. He readily agreed and locked the door.
Over the next three hours, the 12 sweaty smelly men used Tricia like a cheap whore. It only took Tricia a few minutes of fighting before she began enjoying her first gang bang. They fucked all of her holes, sometimes having two cocks in her pussy and one in her ass at the same time. They had cocks in all of her holes almost all the time. She moaned and came as she ate their cum and cleaned their cocks. They pulled her hair and smacked her ass as they pounded her ass from behind, and she loved it. They called her a whore and slut. She begged for more. The black guys called her a black cock whore and a cum dump. She couldn't understand it, but their name calling made her enjoy her gang bang even more.
When they were finished, they left her lying on the floor with cum pouring from pussy and ass. She was drifting in and out of consciousness when I got off the bar stool and helped her off the floor. She picked up her skirt and beer covered top and walked to the bathroom. When she came out, she shot daggers at me with her eyes. "Are you happy now?" She asked. "Are you fucking happy?"
"Shut the fuck up, bitch," I said. I looked at my watch and saw that it was almost midnight so I called a cab and we returned to the room. Tricia took a long shower and then fell into her bed.
She hardly spoke to me all the way to pick up the kids the next day or all the way home.
I knew there were a lot of men who had lusted after Tricia for years. So over the next two months, I contacted some of them and explained that I had decided to share the bitch with them. Most of them were more than eager. They each reserved rooms on various week nights and I sent my slut over to service them. Since most of the men weren't in her league. They were too old or too young or too fat or too skinny or too smelly or too rough. She usually shot daggers at me when she returned home after one of her sessions. Twice I arranged for her to go to a bar and get picked up by two men and fucked overnight.
I also told her she could continue traveling with Tony from work. I told her that I no longer cared how many times she fucked him. When she got home from her trips, she would tell me that she rejected Tony on each trip, but it didn't really matter to me who the whore was fucking anymore.
As she was beginning to get into the groove of her weekly fucks with strangers, I knew it was time to ramp it up a little. Once again, I arranged for the kids to be watched for a weekend. We settle back into a motel near where we were the last time we did this. That night she wore a button up the front shirt dress with all but two buttons open.
I let her select the man she wanted to fuck the first night. She chose a young white guy who was just 18. He looked like a typical surfer dude. I made the approach and introduced him to Tricia. He couldn't take his eyes off her breasts which were on display each time she moved. The dress was also wide open on the bottom so her pussy would also be displayed when she moved on the seat. He was more than willing to fuck this hot older bitch.
We took a cab back to the room and he readily agreed to be photographed getting his cock sucked and even fucking her. He had a decent sized cock and in a short period of time had her coming like a whore and begging for more.
Tricia didn't get as cocky the next morning because she knew that I would be choosing who fucked her tonight. We had a nice day again and that evening, I had my slut wear a short summer dress without underwear.
I took my bitch to a decent restaurant, and then afterwards, we ended up another dive bar. I knew that this bar was the watering hole for the local contingent of Mexican construction men and dock workers. Tricia started getting wolf whistles as soon as we walked in the place. The bartender said, "Are you sure you want to be in here with her, mister?"
Before I could answer, a huge smelly Hispanic in dirty work clothes walked over to me and said, "Why don't you share the little puta with us?"
I smiled at him and said, "Here's the deal. She's yours for the night. I'll be back in the morning to pick her up. Just leave her out with the trash."
Tricia started to object, but I gently pushed her to him. When he grinned at her, I could smell his breath and saw that many of his teeth were gone. "We'll take care of the white trash whore, buddy. Won't be much left of her slutty ass when you come back." He ripped her dress from her body leaving her standing naked in front of what appeared to be 15 or 16 big leering men.
Tricia looked at me and tried to get loose. "Please don't leave me here. Please."
I walked over and handed the bartender a camera and walked out.
I didn't sleep quite as well that night because I have to admit to having a slight concern that the guys might hurt Tricia. But what the hell; I'm a prick. When I made it to the bar, I walked around back. True to his word, the big Mexican had put Tricia out with the trash. She was naked and unconscious and the camera was tied around her neck. As I got closer, I saw dried cum all over her body. She smelled of piss and cum.
I put on a pair of rubber gloves, laid a blanket on the ground and rolled the abused slut onto it. I wrapped her up and carried her to my SUV. I tossed her into the back, got in and drove back to our motel. She was beginning to come around as we reached our motel. I carried her inside, unwrapped the blanket from her and then sat her in the bath tub. I pulled the curtain, turned on the water and left the room. I heard her start to squeal as the cool water hit her used body.
Tricia was in the bathroom for a long time, which gave me time to watch much of the video that the bartender took last night. At one point, she had two pool cues in her pussy and one in her ass. It looked like they poured several glasses of rum into her and then shoved the bottle into her pussy. I counted 18 men use her body in one way or another. Most of them blew more than one load into or on to her whorish body. She sucked all of their cocks after they had fucked her pussy and ass.
It looked like they had two cocks in her pussy at the same time she had one in her ass. A couple of the men made her lick their ass holes and most of them slapped her ass as they were fucking her. They also fucked her breasts and called her white trash puta, cunt, slut and cum dump. The video ended with her being dragged across the dirty floor and down the alley and thrown into the trash pile where they all pissed and spit on her. At that point the video shut down and Tricia walked out of the bathroom.
"How could you do that to me, you son of a bitch? I should divorce you and tell your parents what you did to me."
I started laughing, which made her face turn bright red. She ran across the room and swung a fist at me. I blocked it and tossed her on the bed. "OK, bitch. Divorce me. Is that what you want?"
She lay there for a few seconds and then looked down and shook her head no.
"Tell me what you are, bitch. And then beg to lick my ass hole." She looked at me in horror. "Yeah, bitch. You heard me right. Tell me what you are and that you want to lick my ass."
Tricia sat there for a long time and then looked up at me. "I'm sorry. I belong to you. I'm your bitch." There was another long hesitation and then she said, "Please let me lick your ass hole."
I gave her an evil grin and then dropped my pants and bent over one of the room chairs. She crawled off the bed over to me and slowly buried her face between my ass cheeks. I felt her tongue licking around my ass hole. She licked for a minute and then I reached back and shoved her face deep into my ass and felt her tongue enter my ass hole. I kept her tongue in my ass hole for several minutes before I stepped back, turned around and blew my load into her face.
She looked pleadingly into my face and said, "Can we please go home? I'm so sorry, baby."
I looked down at my well used slut and said, "I want you to call me sir from now on."
Tricia looked down and said, "Yes sir."
I suppose if someone hadn't turned me into a prick, I would have lifted her up and held her for a while. Then I would have asked if she learned her lesson, she would have said yes and we could have gone home and resumed what used to be our fairytale life.
I did give her the next week off to rest up. I stopped for beers after work a couple of times that week, and filled my co-workers on my revenge plans so far. All of them suggested that I had already extracted enough revenge and should consider giving Tricia her life back. I just laughed. I explained that when we were married, my life was perfect. I loved her more than anyone in the world. And then we had two beautiful children and my life was even more perfect. Sometimes I just sat and looked at my wife and children and wondered how I was so lucky. I would have done anything for her. I loved her so much that I couldn't bring myself to believe that she was running around on me for a couple of years, even though the signs were there and people were laughing at me behind my back.
The following week, I had her stop by one of my older co-workers weekly poker party. He didn't know she was my wife, and I told him that I could arrange for a nice evening for him and his buddies. I asked that he take a few pictures of videos so I could see how it went.
Tricia wore a short tight skirt and a wife-beater type tank top. I had cut the arm holes all the way to her waist so her breasts could be seen by anyone standing beside her.
The four men were all in their late fifties and early sixties, and not in the best of shape. When Tricia saw them, she was at least happy that they appeared to be clean. She started serving the men drinks but as their hands pawed at her body, she eventually sat on their laps, kissed them and had her clothes removed. She found herself on her knees rotating her mouth between the four old cocks until they blew in her mouth and on her pretty face one after the other.
The men went back to cards while she served them drinks naked for about an hour. By then, the men were ready for round two. They each used all of her holes in a sort of round robin event. I watched the video several times and these old farts got her off quite a few times.
For more than a year I whored my wife out to whoever wanted to fuck her. She visited the old guys' poker night several times. I had her fuck a few of my company's clients. I had her strip and dance for a bachelor party of 19 and 20 year old guys. She ended up fucking most of them and sucking the rest. She enjoyed most of her evenings with the men that she selected, and even some of the evenings when she was gang banged by smaller groups.
She begged me over and over to fuck her or let her suck my cock, but I refused. Who knew if the slut was picking up anything from all the cocks that had been in her. Every once in a while, she began to get used to the weekly sex and the periodic gang bangs so I would have to change it up a little. On one of our weekend excursions I sent her to the bathroom to get dressed. When she came out of the bathroom, she looked hot. She was wearing a very short summer dress that buttoned up the front. There were eight buttons and I insisted that the top four and bottom two are unbuttoned. I smirked at her as I noticed that any slight movement on her part would put her breasts on full display for anyone around. She was on the verge of tears. There was a time when that would have had an effect on me, but not anymore.
Once she settled down, I grabbed a bag and we took a cab to a restaurant for lunch. After lunch, we took a cab to a rundown motel in the seedy part of town. "What are we doing here, sir?" She asked.
"Shut up," I said. Before I walked in and got our key, I noticed quite a few derelicts wandering the area. I took Tricia into the room and told her to strip. She looked at the bed in disgust as she unbuttoned the last three buttons and removed her dress. I made her lay on the bed and carried the bag over to the bed. I took out handcuffs and cuffed her spread-eagled on the bed. I turned my back on her and set a small camera on the dresser and then propped open the room door.
"Wha-what are you doing?" She screamed. I walked back to the bed and slapped her face and then slapped each breast.
I said, "Have fun, slut. I'll see you in a couple of hours," and walked out the door. I waved at the sleazy old desk clerk on the way by and watched as he stood and walked around the counter.
I drove to a museum and spent a couple of hours looking at paintings and artwork. When I returned to the motel, there were a few men standing outside the door talking, laughing and pointing into the room. "Hop on the whore," one of them said as I walked up to the door. I looked in the room and saw an extremely fat white man sweating and pounding my wife's pussy as an old fat black man stood on deck waiting his turn. Both men stunk and the odor was wafting from the room.
"Aaaahhh! Aaarrrgh! Oh fuck! Yes. Yes!" She yelled.
In a couple of minutes, the first man blew his load into my wife. When he rolled off, his face was red and he was panting hard. I hoped he didn't have a heart attack and die. That might be hard to explain to the police. As he fell into the room's single chair, the black man moved next to her and said, "Put my cock into your slutty cunt, bitch."
Tricia reached down and slowly guided his massive cock into her well used pussy. "Aaaah, yessss," she moaned. As he began pumping, she came quickly. "Oh yesssss! Fuck me, baby. Aaarrggh! Use my body, master." I watched as she licked his sweaty chest and he pumped her slutty pussy. When he shot his load into her, he stepped back and looked at his handiwork. Then he reached down and scooped some cum out of her pussy and fed it to her. She eagerly gobbled it down as he laughed at her and called her a worthless whore.
I went in and uncuffed her and told her to shower. She begged me to fuck her and tried several times to grab my cock or to kiss me. I shoved her away. She did a commendable job getting cleaned up and ready to go back to the hotel. When we got to our hotel, she tried again to seduce me, and I have to admit that her pleading and description of what she would do to me had my cock definitely interested. But I resisted and we both fell quickly asleep in our beds.
The following week, I had her fucking a couple of college kids one night, bang the Mexicans putting a new roof on the neighbor's house and suck off a black guy that I met at work.
One weekend we dropped the kids at her parents' house and I took her to an adult bookstore. I had met with the owner earlier and showed him a picture of Tricia and asked if she could work a glory hole for an evening. The owner smiled when he saw Tricia and I come in. He was so excited, he jumped on the phone as soon as I left, and as a result, the place looked to have a rather large crowd. We walked to the counter and I removed her flimsy dress and handed it to the owner. He put it on a hook behind him and then came around the counter and led the slut to her room. The room had been closed all afternoon because I had put a camera in the corner to record Tricia's evening activities.
I spent the next four hours at a local cigar bar with scotch and Rocky Patels. I returned to the book store around 1:00 am and when I walked in, the owner and a few guys standing around cheered. The owner shook my hand and said, "Anytime you want to share that little slut with us, we'll take her. This is the busiest evening we've had in ages."
"How did she do?" I asked.
"She did great. We had so many men and women that wanted to use her body that we opened the door and let them inside." I smiled at him. "She learned to eat pussy tonight."
"Any idea how many different people used the slut tonight?"
"I know exactly how many. 22 men and three women used your slut. Some of the men came back and used her again and she rimmed and ate out all of the women. I would guess the crowd was about half black and the remainder split evenly white and Hispanic."
"Well, my friend," I said. "I hope you made some money tonight. We may be back again sometime."
The slut slept all the way back to the motel. I carried her in to the room and laid her in bed then climbed in my bed and went to sleep. When I got up the next morning, I saw that Tricia was still sleeping. I showered and dressed and then slipped out for carry out breakfast and coffee. When I got back, the shower was running. A few minutes later Tricia came out wearing just a towel. She smiled at me and then sat down and inhaled her breakfast.
When she turned to look at me, before she could speak, I said, "Get dressed and then we'll go pick up the kids." She nodded at me and got up, picked up her bag and disappeared into the bathroom. When she came out, she was wearing jeans and a tee shirt. I said, "You did well this weekend. I thought you might have to work your way into being a white trash whore, but you adapted to it rather quickly." She looked down at the floor and nodded her head. "You do know that you're going to do this kind of stuff again, don't you?" She, again, nodded her head.
We stopped at her parent's house, had lunch, picked up the kids and drove home.
I whored out my wife for three years. During that time, I have no idea how many men she sucked, fucked and rimmed. I also know there were a few women in the mix. I have quite a collection of Tricia's videos begging men to fuck her, sucking cocks, crawling to men and women and pleading to rim their asses. I have videos of her walking into rooms and stripping without anyone asking her to and then falling to her knees and unzipping men's pants to suck them. One of the men who fucked her a few times asked if he could prostitute her for a few days to some of his friends and customers, and I agreed. He used her for two weekends and returned her in pretty bad shape each time. She was exhausted and looked haggard. She slept more than 12 hours after each weekend.
Every few months I would combine the recent videos onto a new CD and stuff them into the envelopes locked in my desk at work. Yeah, I'm a vengeful prick.
A few weeks ago, I met another woman and we've been out a couple of times. We get along very well and I enjoy being with her, but she's no Tricia. With Tricia, I knew I had found my soul mate for life. I knew I loved her from our first date. She was my perfect partner for life. Unfortunately, she was derailed along the way and my dream ended with a desire for retribution.
I suppose if I wanted it to work out with Carol that I needed to finally get rid of Tricia.
I convinced her that we should divorce. Naturally I got the kids, but she got a couple of weekends with them each month. We finalized our divorce quickly, and she agreed that I could have the house and most of our possessions as long as I didn't send the DVDs to her family and employer. I gave her $50,000 and agreed to let her stay I n the house until she found her own place.
It took her a few months, but she eventually landed a job in Philadelphia and relocated. On her moving weekend, we all followed the small moving van to her new apartment. While the movers were setting up her new place, she supervised and played with the kids and I worked on my computer. When they finished, I took everyone to dinner and we had an enjoyable time that reminded me of the times we used to share as a young married couple.
When we got back to her place, I packed the kids into my SUV and Tricia walked out with us. She said, "What I did was wrong, babe. You trusted me and I ruined it. I ruined our relationship. I'm really sorry. I hope someday you can forgive me." I smiled at her and she leaned in and kissed my cheek.
"Good luck with your new life, Tricia," I said as I got into my SUV.
I have to admit that I was choked up part of the way home. At one point I even wiped a tear from my eye. So that's my story. I'm a vengeful prick and I know it. Maybe I should have forgiven Tricia and tried to work it out. But I didn't. I destroyed her life and damaged my own in the process.
After dating for a year, Carol and I eventually got married. We're quite happy, but she's no Tricia. It took me a while, but I eventually forgave Tricia for cheating on me. I suppose that now my biggest problem is trying to forgive myself.