Monday
Lori dragged me from bed and somehow convinced me to join her on her morning run. She swore, after I nearly collapsed, that it got easier. I seriously have my doubts.
At any rate, we were standing by my locker when Vanessa walked in and, just as Lori had suspected, she was wore a light jacket in addition to her picked clothes. Lori demanded she remove it, immediately! Eyes downcast, she slowly peeled it off.
She looked incredible! And, judging by how far her nipples were poking through both the tank top and the hoodie, she was either very cold or very aroused. I know which one I picked.
Eric walked up and Vanessa latched onto him, almost as if to use him as a shield from any passing eyes while we stood talking.
At first bell, Lori shook her head at Vanessa, "Come on, time for your punishment." leading her away while whispering in her ear.
Watching Lori drag Vanessa into the girls' bathroom, Eric commented that they seemed to be getting along pretty well. I explained that Lori realized Vanessa has a whole lot more to lose if her pictures leaked and that they had come to an agreement of some sort.
Second period. The girls sat together talking, only stopping long enough to say 'Hi' to Eric and me. Vanessa was still fully zipped but she blushed when Lori told her to 'get on with it'. Vanessa stood and quickly left the room as Lori laughed. About 10 minutes later, she returned, arms crossed, and sat looking...worried.
Lunch was the same: I walked in, they both said 'Hi' before Vanessa left only to return 10-15 minutes later, hugging her purse and looking flushed. Lori just shrugged when I asked her what was going on.
In the meantime, Brooke and Britt were all sorts of questions asking about everything that happened after we dropped them off until Brooke asked the big one "Did you guys have, like, an orgy?"
Vanessa was just sitting down as Lori started explaining, in vivid detail, what happened after we'd dropped them off, stroking my leg the entire time. Brittany gasped and Brooke made a face when Lori described how it felt to, as she put it, 'take it in the butt'. She then continued describing their 'fight' and naked walk through the hotel back to the room. The B's just rolled their eyes in disbelief.
Lori glossed over the part about Eric leaving but when she told a brief version of Vanessa's attempted blackmail, they were both shocked!
Brooke looked at Vanessa and angrily asked "What the hell were you thinking?!" but, before she could answer, Lori instructed Vanessa to tell them about her new bracelet and what it meant, Britt and Brooke looked back and forth between the four of us like it was all a joke and we were trying to pull a fast one. When Vanessa told them about leaving the hotel naked, Brooke finally called 'bullshit'.
Vanessa pulled out her phone and proudly showed them the picture of her standing barely clothed, next to the guy in the elevator then naked next to Eric's truck in the hotel parking lot! Eric looked around, nervously. He was clearly uncomfortable with the new Vanessa.
"Holy!" exclaimed Britt, "You mean she really has to do whatever you tell her?"
"Pretty much." responded Lori, smugly. "That or face a punishment."
"What kind of punishment?" asked Brooke in almost a whisper.
"Well, for example, I picked out Vanessa's clothes for today: the hoodie, a little white tank, skirt, and shoes and socks," looking at Eric, "No panties and no bra" then back to the Bs. "She came in today wearing a jacket. In this heat?!" Lori shook her head in disappointment. "She had to be punished."
Still not really believing, Britt asked "So, how did you punish her?"
"Show them." said Lori.
"Please! Not here." Vanessa begged.
"I told you what would happen if you refused." warned Lori.
Vanessa reached into her purse and brought out her tank.
Lori grinned. "All of it."
Vanessa's face paled as she glanced around furtively before slowly pulling down her zipper. We could see something in her cleavage. She stopped and looked around again before unzipping far enough to see the letter 'S' in black marker in the middle of her chest.
"ALL!" commanded Lori. Vanessa jumped but she pulled the zipper down below her breasts. "Spread 'em! Let them see." Vanessa looked around as if she was searching for a way out but, with a sigh, she reached up and pulled her firm breasts apart. Straight down between them, in black marker, was the word 'SLUT'.
"OH. MY. GOD!" came from Britt. Brooke started laughing.
Eric looked around then copped a quick feel causing Vanessa to squeak! He may not like the new Vanessa but he was still a guy. The rest of us started laughing and she quickly pulled the zipper back up.
Brooke and Britt started asking about everything, from the 'why' to the limits. "So, if Lori tells you to take you top off, right here, you would?"
Vanessa looked at Lori, meekly "Yes."
That caused me to smile. We hadn't really discussed limits but before I could say anything, Lori clarified "She would have to do something pretty severe to deserve a punishment for something that extreme."
Britt asked "How...what other, um, punishments are there?"
"We haven't made a list but it could be anything from a quick spanking to flashing her hot little body." Then, with a significant look at me, "I have some other ideas I'm working on."
"You let them spank you?" asked Britt. There was something on her voice when she asked that made me think there was more than a passing interest.
Vanessa licked her lips before responding. "Yes. Eric and Lori both spanked me until I could barely sit." She was turning pink but I had seen her whole body turn dark red and her nipples looked ready to cut through her hoodie: I would have bet every nickel I've ever owned that she was getting turned on to a level beyond anything she had known before! However, with a quick glance at Lori, she made sure everyone knew that she had deserved her spanking. As a punishment, of course. I half smiled as I watched her eyes flick from face to face.
There were more questions but the bell rang. "Vanessa, why don't you walk to class with Brittany? Brooke and I will meet you there. OH! And you need to be sure you answer her questions or I might send her with you..." and cut herself off with a look to me. "I think Brooke and I need to talk."
I saw the looks pass between the four of them and got the hint.
Eric said he'd see me after school and took off. I'm not sure whether he was escaping or just in a hurry.
Lori looked back and caught me watching her and Brooke's butts as they walked down the hall before whispering something to Brooke and they both burst out laughing. I didn't care, I enjoyed my time noticing the little differences between the way their dresses swayed with each step.
Vanessa almost ran from the room when I walked in. Brittany watched her go with a smile then she made room for Brooke and Lori. I wandered over to the other side of the room and talked to some of my team. We discussed the slideshow and the options for music then ran through it one last time.
I noticed that when Vanessa came back about 10 minutes later she was quickly cornered by the Bs. I finally stepped in to rescue her when she looked like she was close to panicking. All the while Lori sat back and watched with a sly grin.
She was late to English but Ms. White let her in. Her prominent nipples led the way into class and there was no way the rest of the class didn't notice. Head down and blushing furiously, she took her seat in front of me and studiously ignored the looks she was getting.
Study Hall was, well...the Bs left Vanessa alone and instead of her leaving, Lori had her join us at our table, having her sit across from us with her zipper almost all the way down telling her "You have your instructions."
However uncomfortable she may have been in the Lunchroom, it did not follow her to the Library. Her hand was busy wandering up and down her exposed chest, nudging aside her firm flesh to trace the letters that Lori had written.
Lori watched her intently. When Vanessa noticed, she stopped. Hesitating for a moment, Vanessa pulled her top open, completely exposing her breasts as she looked at me but whispered to us both "I'm sorry for what I tried to do yesterday. I was wrong and I deserve my punishment."
I looked at Lori, who appeared to consider what Vanessa had said. "You're right. You do deserve it and if you...you know..."
"I won't! I promised! Please?!" Vanessa begged in a whisper, "You promised!"
"I did. And you better remember what you are and are not supposed to do." Vanessa nodded vigorously. "Then maybe it's time for you to go further."
Groaning softly, Vanessa glanced at me then back to Lori before closing her eyes and nodding. Leaning back in her chair, she let her hoodie fall open and started to rub and pull on her fat nipples before one hand slowly slid lower.
Lori watched for a couple of minutes then went back to her homework.
Something was going on! I mean, more than the obvious and definitely more than I thought they'd established yesterday.
I tried to get Lori's attention but she shook her head, intentionally ignoring me until she deliberately dropped her pencil on the floor and asked me to pick it up.
Bending down, I was treated to the sight of Vanessa's other hand rubbing her glistening, bare, lips! Lori had to punch my arm twice before I sat up again and handed her the recovered pencil.
It wasn't possible for me to concentrate on homework anymore. I'd only ever seen Lori masturbate before I couldn't tear my eyes away! Then, Vanessa would occasionally close her eyes and bite her bottom lip before putting her hands on the table for a few minutes before starting over.
I was tempted to drag Lori back to the encyclopedias but when I looked at her, she smiled and, surely knowing what I was thinking, shook her head.
I found myself watching Vanessa almost getting off for most of the hour, I mean, it wasn't like I could ignore her!
Just before the last bell, Lori's voice startled me when she reminded Vanessa of her task to get Eric's phone and delete all of the pictures with a warning that if she didn't there may be a show at lunch! She also told her that she could not have sex with him other than to give him a hand-job or maybe a blowjob. Then, after pretending to think about it, she said "You used to brag about how good you were at giving hand-jobs before you and Eric started dating, why don't you do that tonight. Just remember if you...cheat...you won't get what you want and I get to pick a new punishment."
Vanessa protested that she had only done it two or three times before Eric and she had most definitely not bragged about it!
"Well good!" Lori responded, "That means you need the practice! Now zip up and try to look presentable."
As we walked to the parking lot, Lori told her that she would be over later to help pick out her clothes before asking when her Mother was coming home.
Vanessa wasn't sure; work had been keeping her busy and she might be gone for another week.
Smiling, Lori reminded her that she needed to be naked whenever she was at home. If her Mother happened to return then she was to say that she was experimenting with nudism!
I didn't really think she would do it but there wasn't much reason to worry, her Mother was rarely home and so liberated that she'd probably join Vanessa by getting naked as well. I had seen her in a bikini by the pool in the past and was kind of hopeful!
On the ride home, Lori sat next to me absently stroking my thigh. I asked her what she was doing and her reply surprised me, "I'm punishing her. It's what she wants."
Pointing to my obvious erection, I asked if she was punishing me too. "If I help you now you'll be too tired to go to work." She knew better but didn't stop. Instead, she did everything she could to make it worse, rubbing me from chest to crotch, paying particular attention to my straining shaft.
When we got home, Lori leaned over and gave me an intensely passionate kiss while she continued to rub and squeeze my dick through my jeans. Then, just as I moved my hands to her chest, she broke away. "It's a shame Mom is home and you have to go to work..." hopping out, she continued her teasing, "I'll give you some time alone and see you inside."
I glared after her and couldn't help but thinking that she really was punishing me as well as Vanessa. Waiting a few more minutes, I followed her inside and found her talking to Mom. I mumbled something about having to go to work as I passed through.
As it was, I was so distracted that the guy at the CO-OP had to call my name several times before I heard him tell me they were ready to load my truck.
Driving to the farm, I found myself trying to imagine Lori and Vanessa together, Lori going down on Vanessa. Vanessa going down on Lori while Lori was...it took forever to unload my truck or so it seemed. That was all I was able to do so I gave up and called it an early day.
When I got home, Lori was helping Mom in the kitchen. I joked that we were running low on Pepto and she just stuck her tongue out at me. Then, with a sad shake of her head and significant glance 'down', she reminded me that she had to go to Vanessa's after dinner.
After dinner Lori took the truck to Vanessa's but before she left, she took me outside and apologized for leaving me like she had and promised to make it up to me when she got home. Her apology came with several smoldering hot kisses, which led to more kissing and a lengthy goodbye.
With Lori gone, I used the time to review and edit the pictures from when Lori and Vanessa posed with Tony after Prom. As promised, I emailed a couple of them to him. If he did show them around, it would hard to tell it was Lori or Vanessa unless they were standing right there (I hoped!) Then I started to watch one of the DVDs he had given me but had to stop, watching Lori and I go at it was almost enough to make me call her home early!
Instead, I went downstairs and watched TV with Mom where I fell asleep before Lori returned and, according to her, I resisted all her efforts to get me to bed.
She was, however, able to wake me up early enough to go jogging.
Showering with a horny Lori isn't easy but we were running behind as it was and couldn't afford to be late to school! Damn it!
Lori showed surprising restraint in how she dressed Vanessa: sweat-shirt, jeans, the 'bracelet', and tennis shoes. Pretty much what she'd been wearing before she started dating Eric.
As soon as she saw us, her shoulders sagged but allowed a smiling Lori to lead her off towards the bathroom. I shrugged, something was going on but I didn't get a chance to ask. Not that I would get an answer until she was ready, but I could hope.
Eric walked up in time to see them leaving, "Is she still my girlfriend?" The way he'd asked made me wonder which answer he wanted to hear.
"This is between them. I'm Lori's and as far as I know, you and Vanessa are still together. Besides, didn't you guys go out last night?"
Looking around, he shrugged, "We didn't go out. She came over and...we didn't go out." He didn't say anything more about it so I let it drop.
Calculus was normal until Lori nudged Vanessa and pointed to the clock. She got up and asked to go to the restroom then returned just before the end of class.
At Lunch, I found Vanessa waiting by the door as I came in; she left and was gone for at least 15 minutes.
When I asked about it, Lori assured me she'd tell me later. When Vanessa came back, she sat next to Eric and acted like nothing was out of the ordinary.
Britt and Brooke chose to ignore everything and we managed to have a semi-normal conversation.
Vanessa repeated her lengthy bathroom breaks in Yearbook and English. It was obvious, to me at least, what she was doing but I was still missing something.
When Vanessa sat down at our desk in Study Hall she looked to be having trouble focusing and the pleading look she gave Lori when she was asked '10 or 15?' was close to desperation but she got up and marched away. It was closer to 20 minutes before she returned.
Looking at Vanessa's frazzled state, Lori just nodded before returning to her homework.
After school, I had to work again and, thankfully, the girls had kept it at a lower level for the day so I wasn't as distracted. Still, the random images of Vanessa masturbating or the memory of them both walking through the hotel naked or any number of different things that only an 18-year-old's oversexed imagination could conjure up would suddenly pop into my head and it would be a struggle to focus on what I was doing. So, yeah, I went to work but I didn't really get anything accomplished.
Lori and Vanessa had taken off to go shopping with a sincere promise to be mostly good. I didn't think that I really needed to but, just in case, I reminded them both of MY Rule. With a kiss, Lori promised and said they'd be back later.
'Later' was an understatement. It was close to eleven when Lori snuck into our room.
I was watching Letterman and dozing when she entered carrying a couple of bags and then hurried off to shower.
She crawled into bed in just my t-shirt. When I asked what they had been up to, Lori avoided the question with the casual "Shopping!" answer but much more directly she told me "I didn't touch her except to hold her hand in the mall when she tripped."
She tried to get me to Love her. Just to be contrary, I told her 'No.' but said that we might do something tomorrow after dinner with her parents.
Wednesday.
Wake, jog, shower, school. Lori didn't try anything as we showered. I was a little disappointed.
OK, I was a lot disappointed.
Vanessa was dressed in a long grey sweatshirt that fell just below her knees and black tights. Lori told me later that she'd used a pair of scissors to make some alterations, effectively making them crotch-less! She looked like she was already hot.
Unlike the previous two days, Vanessa stayed in class the whole time but quickly disappeared afterwards, rushing down the hall to the bathrooms. She repeated this every time I saw her except for Study Hall.
All period I waited for something to happen, trying in vain to study but I couldn't focus. I'd look at Vanessa then to Lori. She would smile each time but never looked up. Then I would read the same paragraph before I looked up again. I had never been so anxious for a bell to ring!
I confronted Lori at the truck but she just gave me the vague promise that I would understand 'later' before telling me that they had an appointment and I would see her in time for dinner. Giving her a 'look', I trudged off to work.
Mindless labor is a great thing. I dug post holes and set posts while I let my mind work on whatever it wanted to, which really wasn't a good idea as I kept trying to figure out what Lori was up to and kept coming up with two answers. Neither of which I wanted to think about.
I trusted Lori with Vanessa but something was going on in her head and I didn't know what it was. Resolving to get to the bottom of it, I did my best to put it out of my mind.
I finished setting a post stood back to rest and looked across the farm. I was rebuilding the fence between the Northquarter and the Jacobs Place. My Grandfather bought the farm from Mr. Jacobs about 40 years ago to help him out. It was mostly unfarmable because it's covered in trees; the only good thing it has is a sizable lake.
Lost in thought, I walked over to the lake's edge, it was definitely big enough to ski on and, with a little work, it would be great place for a cabin.
It was just a hazy idea but I could see a cabin 'there' and a picnic table 'there'. The more I thought about it the more I knew I wanted to make it happen.
Excited, I went back to building the fence and began working out the details. By the time I was done for the night I had a pretty good idea of what I wanted to do and how I was going to do it. IF Dad approved.
Maybe a little more planning and figuring out a rough estimate.
------------
As we were leaving for dinner, Lori told me that Vanessa was going with us. I gave her another 'look' but she smiled innocently.
It is a mystery to me how her Mom can be such a great cook but Lori can barely avoid setting fire to water. At any rate, dinner was great! Lori, Vanessa, and I cleaned up then I talked to Sam while Lori and Vanessa filled in her Mom about Prom.
Finally, it was time to go.
We all got into the truck and I looked back at Vanessa. "You may be her toy but she's mine." Pulling away from the house, "Lori, naked, now." I ordered. I swear she groaned in excitement and had her clothes off in seconds before leaning back against the door and spreading her legs. I turned on the dome light as we drove so Vanessa and I could watch.
Vanessa, still dressed in her sweat dress, was squirming as Lori started to play with herself. She was already soaked and Vanessa whimpered as she watched Lori quickly work first one then two fingers deep inside then out to rub her clit.
By the time we pulled onto 'our' lease road Lori was close to the edge but somehow managed to stop. Opening her eyes, she looked back at Vanessa. "Your turn. Strip." Vanessa shuddered then pulled her dress off. No underwear. Yeah, that's what I'd figured. I noticed that she had on both of her 'bracelets'. "Are you ready?" Vanessa nodded and reached out to the 'grab handles' above each door.
Lori reached under her seat and brought out two metal rings that she attached to the handles then locked Vanessa's wristbands to them. Her arms were spread wide causing her chest to be thrust forward.
"What's going on?" I asked, intrigued.
Lori responded, "I haven't let Vanessa cum since Sunday as punishment for tricking you into your promise to fuck her on graduation."
"Wait. I never..." and was immediately cut off.
"I explained to her that only if she was exceptionally slutty would you even consider fucking her." OK, that really didn't make sense but...she continued, "Also, as part of that punishment, on Monday, every time she saw you, at the beginning of each class or lunch, she had to go to the bathroom and finger her nasty little cunt but stop just before she came."
Her hand had slipped back down and she was slowly rubbing herself as she talked. "I watched her the first time, you know, when she came in and was wearing the jacket?" biting her lip in an attempt to hold back her orgasm, Lori moaned and pulled her hand away. "I made her take off all of her clothes and I stuffed them in my bag then told her to hold her tits apart." she reached up and pressed on each of Vanessa's engorged nipples, causing her to groan before tracing the still visible word between them.
"We almost skipped class because of how long she took." Lori had started to play with her own perky nipples. "When I told her to masturbate, she actually said 'No'!" shaking her head "I was halfway out of the bathroom when she caught up to me. Naked!" Grinning, "I almost made her do it right there, in the doorway but she promised to be good." Vanessa was nodding, her lips were open as she took shallow breathes.
"The look of surprise on her face was priceless when I told her not to cum, that she wasn't allowed to, yet. I made her do it twice just because I wanted to watch!"
She reached up and stroked Vanessa's face. "Yesterday, I made her wait until I told her to go." she laughed. "I even made her do it in one of the dressing rooms at the mall. It was close. She was completely naked and the room had mirrors on three walls! I had her stand in the middle of the room and watch herself! She almost came hearing everyone walk by as she fingered her naughty little cunt!"
"Today, I made her go between classes. She has not been allowed to finish and I think she may be a little...anxious." Vanessa had closed her eyes but she nodded.
"She knows better than to lie to me again. I told her what would happen if she did." Her hand trailed down between Vanessa's breasts. Gently caressing then cupping her left tit and lifting, Vanessa squirmed and twisted trying to push herself against Lori's hand but Lori kept pulling away.
I took my clothes off while this was going on and Lori finally turned to look at me "Is that for me?" she asked, abandoning Vanessa and reaching out to run her fingers up and down my shaft. Mouth followed hand as she quickly took me in, slowly working her way down to the base before rising up to kiss me. Her tongue thrust itself into my mouth and she literally sucked the breath from my lungs while her hand found my member and began stroking. Breaking away, she gasped, "I love how you taste!" and dove back down.
I knew what she wanted. Grabbing the sides of her head, I forced her down onto me. I wasn't cruel but I wasn't gentle either. Lori groaned in pleasure as I slowly moved her up and down my shaft until I was close before pulling her up to me, gasping for breath and drool coating her lips and chin. I didn't care and pulled her into a kiss.
"My turn." and I pushed her back against the door where she lay panting in anticipation. The last coherent words I heard was her excited voice announcing, "He's going to lick my pussy!" I love when she says it!
She was soaking! Each time I go down on her I'm amazed how wet she gets! Still, I did everything I knew she liked, eventually pushing her legs back so far she was bent in half, as I attacked her slit; licking and chewing at her swollen lips, sucking at her opening until the truck was filled with her cries and screams! I drank her in but it kept coming!
Moving up, I put my dick at her still quivering opening then gently pushed until I was fully embedded. Fucking her slowly, I still managed to pound deep, causing her tunnel to latch onto me; spasming shut around my shaft as it tried to siphon my cum out, she let go, screaming as she came!
I held still, allowing her to rub against me as she crested through her climax then she grinned up at me, "I want you in my butt!" she laughed. God, that sounded good! Except that wasn't my plan.
She was still clenched about me when I told her "No." and moved as much as I could within the vice wrapped around my shaft.
"You know you want it." she teased. I did but I resisted. "You want to ram your dick in my tight little butt." She began to rock her hips up to meet my shallow thrusts. "Maybe fill me up with your hot cum."
"I've got a better idea." I said as I felt my cum rising, leaning in, I whispered "I'm not going to fuck your ass tonight but the next time I do, you're going to have your little toy clean you up!" she groaned at the thought! "But since you tied her up tonight...well, too bad for you."
Her face screwed up in frustration as I began to fuck her again. "But I didn't KNOW!" she cried out. "You fucker!" she laughed.
Yeah, tonight I was. I pulled out of her with difficulty, my cock was aching to let go and I almost let loose across her body but I held off as I leaned back. Lori took the hint, scrambling forward to engulf my head. Swirling her tongue around the tip before bobbing her head down, she moaned as she devoured me. My cum was rising.
Lori popped off my cock and smiled. "You've been mean to me, not letting me have you." Her hand continued to stroke me as she ducked back down. She knew I was close.
Three quick bobs had me buried in her throat then she swallowed twice before pulling back as she felt my shaft swell. I cried out something as I exploded and days' worth of cum sprayed into her mouth! One hand continued to stroke me as the other cupped my balls and gently squeezed...I shot even more cum across her tongue! Lori gulped down every drop she could but some still managed to escape from the corners of her mouth.
As the final shots escaped my cock, Lori sat up and tilted her head back to swallow. Barking a laugh and a quick 'thank you' she engulfed my shaft again slurping every stray drop she could find.
I caught movement out of the corner of my eye. Vanessa had been silent throughout but her eyes followed everything that Lori did. Naked lust was clear on her face as she occasionally snaked her tongue out to lick her lips.
When Lori was satisfied that she had gotten every drop, she rose up to kiss me. "No." At her hurt expression, I pointed to Vanessa, "You've completely forgotten she was here, didn't you?"
Lori grinned and didn't even ask as she leaned into Vanessa, who hungrily stretched forward to meet her. When their lips met, Lori lifted her hands to Vanessa's straining breasts. On contact, Vanessa shuddered and groaned into Lori's mouth. Lori responded by smashing her hands against her chest, aggressively massaging her breasts.
Vanessa's groans turned into muffled whimpers as her body continued to shake as she reached the very edge before Lori moved her hands out to Vanessa's nipples and began to gently pull on them. Vanessa broke the kiss gasping "Please!?"
Lori kissed her neck as she continued to pull and pluck at Vanessa's nipples but started working her way down until she was kissing and licking Vanessa's right breast. Vanessa was lost, calling out "Oh, God, Lori! Suck my titties, please! Like that! Oh God, it feels soooo good!"
Lori moved her free hand between the seats to rub Vanessa's back and tight ass. I heard the slap of flesh as Lori spanked. "AH!" cried Vanessa each time Lori slapped her butt, becoming louder each time. Lori switched nipples she was nursing and reached back with both hands to grab and squeeze Vanessa's tiny ass causing her to moan.
She tried to work lower but the console was in the way. "Damn it! This isn't going to work!" and jumped out of the front, quickly climbing into the backseat with Vanessa.
Lori positioned herself behind Vanessa; hands snaking up and around to cup her tits.
From my position in front, I saw Lori begin to kiss and nibble on Vanessa's shoulder and watched as she worked a hand down, across Vanessa's tight abs.
Vanessa had been softly whimpering with the occasional mumble until Lori flicked a finger across her clit! She was suddenly wide eyed and jerking in an attempt to free her hands. "Oh God!" she cried out. "OH! Lori! Please! More!"
Lori had been teasing her for three days and Vanessa was beyond the edge! When Lori firmly ran her fingers across Vanessa's lips, cupping her pussy, her eyes opened in shock, "Christ! That feels so good." just before her climax slammed through her! "hhaaaaAAAAHHHH! Fuck me!"
It seemed like it was over until she started to pant harder and harder as Lori continued to rub. Vanessa's pelvis jerked forward convulsively as her breathing increased. "AHH AHH AAAAAH AAAHHHH.......HHHHAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHH!!!! OH FUCKING GOD!!! HHHRRRRRRRRRHHHAAAAAAAHH!!!!" ripped from her throat!
She began thrashing about so hard I knew she was going to rip the handles free of my truck! Lori kept moving her hand back and forth across Vanessa's slit, it looked like she had managed to slip at least one finger inside and Vanessa was doing everything she could to ride it until she hung there panting, while her hips kept spasming forward. "Lori, stop! It's too much! Please, no more." she whined.
Of course Lori ignored her.
Biting Vanessa's shoulder, she grabbed Vanessa's nipples, pulling on them, lifting her breasts and stretching them until Vanessa gasped in pain before releasing them and moving her hands back to her soaked opening, fingers disappearing as she rubbed and massaged her clit as Vanessa screamed and shrieked in release and her body shuddered as she came a final time!
With head hanging and chest heaving as she struggled to recover, Vanessa laughed with joy!
Lori kissed her way up her shoulder and nibbled on her ear, both of her hands were rubbing Vanessa's smooth mound, spreading her juices up, across her still twitching body. "Mmmmmm. Hey Vanessa? If you continue to do what I say, next time? Those fingers you feel playing with your pussy? It's going to be my tongue." she told her, "I am dying to suck your little twat."
Vanessa leaned her head back and smiled. "You bitch!" she joked. "I could almost cum from just thinking about it."
Grabbing Vanessa's hair, she pulled her mouth around for a kiss before getting out of the truck and moving back to her seat.
"Is that for me?" as she watched me slowly jerking off then leaned over to take me in her mouth.
"Is this what you want?" I asked. "Or do you want me to Love you when we get home?"
She pulled off with a noisy, wet pop and looked at me. Finally, she said "Love me." and sat back in her seat. I grabbed my clothes and dressed, as did Lori. Vanessa was dutifully silent as I started the drive back to town with her still locked in place.
"Are you going to leave her like that?"
"I suppose not." and unlocked her just as the first street lights came into view. "Don't get dressed. Give me your sweatshirt."
Vanessa leaned back into the seat and flexed her arms. "You guys are amazing." was all she said.
"You're on your own tomorrow. Wear whatever you want. You can also have sex with Eric, if you want. OH! and while you're free to do anything you want, you do have to remain naked when at home!" Lori told her with a smile.
Pulling up to her house, she hopped out and came up to Lori's window, giving her a kiss. "Mike, can I give you a kiss, too?" she asked.
I shook my head and she just nodded then turned and walked inside; tiny ass glowing in the dark!
I took my time Loving Lori when we got home until we fell asleep exhausted but satisfied.
Thursday
Wake, run (God I hurt!), school.
Lori wore Vanessa's 'sweat-dress', it fell to just above her knees but was still acceptable for school, even without the leggings. Vanessa was wearing a sweatshirt and sweat pants. I was a little disappointed but Lori had told her that it was her choice. It was more surprising to me that I cared what she wore. At any rate, I found out later that, like Lori, she wore nothing underneath.
Lori grabbed my ass as we parted for first period. After Calc, she pushed me into the same secluded corner I'd used and gave me a smoking hot kiss then a fleeting caress to my dick as she left. She sent me a picture of herself naked in the girls' bathroom during Computer Lab. At Lunch, she came close to pulling me out and jerking me off in front of everyone! Brooke watched openly. Brittany rolled her eyes but kept stealing glances. Eric laughed! Vanessa tried to ignore us but I saw her hungry looks!
I got even during Yearbook.
I told her to meet me in the hall then led her to the bathrooms. Making sure no one was around to see, I pulled her into the boy's bathroom and into the last stall where I stripped her naked before I did the same! She was more than ready when I plunged into her from behind. Holding onto the walls of the stall as I moved in and out, she struggled not to scream. When my hands moved from her hips to pinch her nipples, she almost lost it!
We were both building to a quick release when we heard the door open. Thinking fast, I sat down, dragging her with me, grabbing her legs, I drew them up while we waited.
Lori fought to stay quiet and, thankfully, whoever it was made a brief visit. As soon as we heard the door close again Lori hopped up, leaned over and quietly begged me to fuck her.
She was so close that, on the second thrust, it came out.
It started as a low moan that filled the room as she came, struggling to hold it in, head down and shaking until, in a loud whisper, "I don't care! I don't. FUCK!" panting as I continued sliding deep into her. "Fuck me. I'm yours. I don't care who knows!" Louder, "Fuck me!"
As she peaked, I pulled out and spun her around, holding her tight against me, I lifted her and, with arms under her knees, managed to slide back in. Pushing her against the wall, she held onto a pipe overhead as we moved with short thrusts! She bit my shoulder in an attempt to stifle her cries as she came again!
I wanted to cum inside her but I knew I couldn't. When she moaned into my ear how much she wanted it, I almost let loose but I reminded her that she didn't have panties. With a snarl, she pushed me away and dropped to her knees, taking me in.
The sight of her naked, on the floor of the school bathroom, with my dick in her mouth caused me to cry out as my cum burst across her tongue! I staggered back against the wall of the stall with Lori attached and following, sucking and drinking as fast as she was able until, with a smile, she backed off and continued pumping my cock, directing the last few shots at her neck and chest.
As the last drops were coaxed out, I struggled not to fall and watched, amazed, as Lori stood with my sperm splattered across her chest and slipped her sweat-dress back on. Giving me a quick kiss, she left the stall. I heard her at the sink before she walked out.
Recovered and dressed, I made my way back to class where I saw her talking to the Bs and Vanessa. Looking up, she flashed me a smile before leaning over whispering something to Vanessa.
Vanessa looked at Lori then at me before squeezing her eyes shut. I saw her shoulders sag as I joined them and barely heard her whine "You guys!" Other than that, Lori acted as if nothing had happened but I could see wet splotches around the collar. When she asked why I was smiling, I pointed it out. Laughing, she ran a finger along her neck, gathering imaginary droplets and sucking them from her finger.
On the way to English Comp, Lori told me she could feel me squishing between her boobs and that next time I better finish inside her! When I told her I didn't want to have her walking through the halls with cum running down her legs she stopped me in the doorway, "What if that's what I want?"
The last two hours of school crept by. At the last bell, I tried to rush Lori to the truck but she insisted on going with Vanessa and that I go to work. I called her a bitch while she laughed and walked away.
After Dinner, we sat with Mom and Dad watching TV. Lori ignored my subtle and not so subtle hints that we go upstairs.
When she finally relented, she let me take my time washing every millimeter of her body as we showered together but refused to touch me in return. I played along but I was getting anxious.
We crawled into bed and as soon as the lights were out, she rolled over and laid her head on my chest to go to sleep. Finally, I had to ask "Are you still mad at me?"
"Nope." she replied sleepily.
"Then, why...?"
"Do you promise not to tell anyone?"
"Tell what?" I was more than confused but she was good at doing that to me.
Placing her mouth right next to my ear, she whispered, "There's this really cute guy at school." uh. "He makes me so hot I can't control myself! Today, he pulled me into the boy's room and fucked me before cumming all over my tits." she bit my earlobe, "I want to save myself for him tomorrow. I have a surprise I think he might like."
"I think he's going to like whatever you give him."
"You think so?" then flicked my ear with her tongue.
"I think this boy is going to make you do something if you don't stop teasing him."
Kissing me goodnight, she snuggled closer and drifted off.
Friday.
Wake. Jog (who thinks running is FUN!?). Lori told me she was riding to school with Vanessa.
I waited by my locker but nothing. Class started.
Physics was a no-brainer. The quiz was easy. Mr. Kimber didn't allow us time to talk so I didn't know If Eric had seen Vanessa or Lori, yet.
When we walked into Calc, they were both there, dressed identically in grey plaid schoolgirl uniforms with skirts that were definitely pushing the acceptable limit. Lori had made a habit of wearing the traditional Catholic schoolgirl outfit all year long but it always met or exceeded the school's requirements. Hell, even a nun would be hard pressed to find fault! Today, I stopped the moment I saw them. I could nearly see through their thin white shirts...if they hadn't been wearing vests and a tie to cover...damn! They were both dressed enough to meet the guidelines. Barely.
"Hey, Sweety!" called Lori, grin a mile wide. Vanessa looked over and batted her eyes at me as well then at Eric. I shifted my books to cover my growing erection, which caused Lori's smile to grow even more.
I made my way to my seat behind the girls and noticed the Bs were huddled together whispering. As Eric and I took our seats, I asked "What'd you do last night?"
Still looking at the girls, he answered "What didn't she do?" loud enough for Vanessa to look back and blow him a kiss. It was also loud enough to cause several of our classmates to snicker until Vanessa finally blushed scarlet but held her head up.
Before I could ask anything else, Mr. Bee came in and went directly to the board. Three weeks of school left and he was going to cram us full until the end!
Lori walked with me to my next class and she made it clear, as if I had any doubt, that she and Vanessa were only wearing the clothes we could see. She kissed me goodbye at the door and excused herself to go 'tidy up'.
I almost followed her but I knew she was planning something.
In Computer Lab, Eric explained that Vanessa had latched on to him as soon as school ended Thursday and all but dragged him back to her house. (I found out later that Lori had borrowed Vanessa's car to go get their clothes.) "What did you guys do to her? She damn near raped me!"
Shaking my head, I couldn't tell if he was thrilled or not by her change, "It's all Lori's doing. I haven't touched her." I didn't know what their relationship was any more but I needed to make that clear.
"They seem like they're 'OK'. I thought for sure that Lori was going to hate her 'til she died!"
"It's a truce of some sort. Vanessa...I don't know. This is between them." Trying to play it off, "Besides, Lori has all those pictures of Vanessa from the hotel."
"Man! I am pissed about those pictures! My phone fucking reset or crashed or something! Every one of them is gone!"
I tried not to laugh but I couldn't help it!
"It's not funny! Hey, can you send them back to me?" he asked.
"Sorry. Lori confiscated them." I responded. "She doesn't want there to be any chance that they get out before she's ready."
Lunch is when things got a little more interesting. Lori sat on my left and Vanessa on my right, Eric next to her, the Bs across from us. We talked about going out, agreeing that it had been too long since we did a group thing. I left it to Lori to make the plans.
It all seemed casual and innocent to everyone else but not to me. Lori had her hand hard against my erection and Vanessa stuck to the letter of the 'Rule' by putting her hand on top of Lori's every now and then and giving it a squeeze. I thought I had a good poker face but Brooke whispered to Britt and they both giggled.
Brittany's the one who 'outed' us. "Guys? Are you going to be fucking around like this all the time?"
I wasn't allowed to answer. Lori squeezed my balls when I tried, and I bit my tongue.
She looked at me and blew me a kiss before answering. "I'm really sorry, Brittany. It's my fault." Then she mock whispered "I think I'm a nymphomaniac!" Her face took on a completely serious demeanor as she nodded in wide-eyed agreement with herself.
Vanessa wasn't as subtle. "I'm a slut."
Brooke laughed at us while Britt just stared. Even Eric laughed until his phone went off and he walked away to answer it.
Vanessa looked to make sure he was out of earshot before asking Brooke how they were doing.
"It's OK." she answered. "Except Brittany's really uptight about anyone knowing."
"I am not!" protested Britt. "It's just that I know how people are. I'm not ready for that." and definitely not ready for her parents to find out.
Lori reached across the table and grabbed her hand. "We just want you guys to be as happy as we are. Why don't the four of us go out tomorrow night? Dinner, movie, putt-putt, whatever."
Brittany looked to Brooke and smiled. "OK, but none of that stuff!" she waved her hand in our general direction.
"Spoilsport!" replied Lori and stuck her tongue out at her.
"Careful," Brooke said dryly, "She's liable to want to ride that thing if you don't put it away."
"Brooke that is so NOT appropriate!" she huffed.
"Nope, but it's true!" responded Brooke, laughing.
Brittany blushed but smiled. We all laughed.
Vanessa had been watching Eric and absently tossed in "Lori said that Mike gave permission for her to lick my pussy."
"WHAT!" cried the Bs together.
I hadn't seen Lori turn that red for a couple of weeks but she was positively glow-in-the-dark!
Vanessa seemed to realize what she had said "Oh my God! Did I say that out loud?!"
Finally! It was my turn to laugh! Of course, I hadn't given permission but if that's what she wanted to do, I was becoming more OK with the idea of Lori with Vanessa.
All four of the girls were looking back and forth at each other not knowing what to say! It kept getting funnier the longer it went. Then Lori snorted and started laughing. Vanessa and Brittany joined in.
Brooke looked thoughtful as she looked at Lori then Vanessa. Her expression sobered me.
Eric returned as we all calmed down. "What'd I miss?"
Vanessa shook her head slightly and Brooke saved her. "We were talking about Mike's slide show and I was just telling Lori," she began but shifted her eyes to me, "that he needed to slip in a couple of special pictures that I've heard he's taken."
Vanessa nodded in agreement. Something was definitely up between them.
We were saved from further excuses by the bell but I wondered what Brooke was planning.
Study Hall was my favorite period of the day.
It began when both Lori and Vanessa thought it was too warm to keep their vests buttoned. Sitting across from me, they pretended to work on...something.
In reality, they were both playing with their boobs. I could already see their pale skin through the shirts but without the vests, I was treated to the sight of four rock hard nipples!
Lori started sucking her finger while Vanessa became bolder and unbuttoned enough to fully expose her massive rack!
I had long since stopped pretending to study anything and only kept a nominal watch for the teacher that never came.
Not to be outdone by her toy, Lori dropped her free hand below the table. Her sudden hiss of pleasure only confirmed what she was doing. Our eyes locked as she quickly brought herself off!
Vanessa damn near stripped! She stood and, without even checking who might be watching, finished unbuttoning her shirt before rolling her skirt up so high it looked like a belt before sitting back down!
Lori, at least looked around before leaning over and taking Vanessa's left nipple into her mouth, giving it a good long suck.
Vanessa groaned loud enough that I was afraid that she might have been heard! Add to that her comment from lunch and I was waiting for Lori to throw her onto the table and start licking her right there!
Reluctantly, Lori pulled away and sat up. I could see her building need and if we weren't careful, the whole school would hear her. "Get dressed!" I told them. Vanessa had leaned back in her chair, legs spread wide, and was openly masturbating. I got up and moved between them. "Damn it! Get dressed!" I repeated.
Lori slowly nodded but I had to pull Vanessa's fingers out of her pussy and sit her up forcibly. She was dazed and flushed. "Do I need to dress you?" I asked as quietly as possible.
As her hands moved slowly to her buttons, I had the brief thought that she was going to take her shirt off but she shakily began to do up her buttons.
I moved to my side of the table and glanced furtively around. Brittany was standing about 10 feet away eyes wide open and staring. Her face was unreadable. I didn't have time to deal with her.
They were both reasonably dressed when I looked back. "Let's go!" Grabbing their books and mine, I hustled them out. Britt started to follow but stopped in the doorway.
I quickly guided them down the halls and out to my truck where they both climbed into the back seat and Lori attacked Vanessa: full on kiss while ripping her shirt and vest open! Vanessa's self-control was amazing! Her hands came up to grab Lori but stopped as Lori kissed her way down to her tits. Vanessa's hands clawed the air in frustration, "Please! Let me touch her!" she begged.
Shaking my head, I pulled out of the parking lot and sped off.
We nearly wrecked when Vanessa's foot kicked my head as she was trying to put it on the headrest and again when I looked back to see Lori's mouth glued to Vanessa's left tit with two fingers buried in her pussy. Vanessa was struggling to find a place to hold on and moaning.
I was headed to an abandoned barn only a couple of miles outside of town and thought I'd never make it. When Vanessa's moans turned to screams as she came, I nearly hit a ditch trying to see!
Turning down the road to the barn, I heard Vanessa beg Lori to stop teasing and lick her!
Skidding to a stop in the vacant barn, I spun around and saw Lori had moved to her other nipple.
Jumping out, I opened Lori's door and pulled her out so that she was leaning over the seat then dropped my pants and slid deeply into Lori's sopping pussy. "Fuck me!" she screamed as I began thrusting in and out! Hell, we were all frantic with lust and then need to get off!
Pulling her out of the truck had the side benefit of placing Lori's face inches from Vanessa's steaming cunt! The truck was still echoing from her scream as she lowered her mouth to Vanessa. I couldn't see what she did but Vanessa shrieked as she came again!
Lori's first orgasm happened just as quickly and she clamped down on my cock! She grew almost unbearably tight as her muscles clenched, then clenched tighter as I continued trying to pound into her!
Lori's cries were muffled by Vanessa crushing her swollen pussy up against Lori's face! Vanessa stopped suddenly and gasped for breath, her hands were using Lori's hair to hold her in place as she built towards another climax.
Crying out, Lori came again! This time grabbing my cock so tightly I could not move. Vanessa began quietly telling Lori "Rightthererighttheresuckmyclit suck it. Suck it! SUCK IT!" she screeched!
It was all I could take! Pressing against Lori's ass as deeply as I could, I let go! drenching the walls of Lori's channel with my cum! Her womb seemed to suck it out of me until I fell back against the truck door, panting!
Vanessa was quiet but for a few whimpers as Lori continued kissing and sucking until I gently pulled her away. Her face was wet from Vanessa's juices and she was still drunk on lust as she kissed me. I tasted Vanessa but more, I tasted Lori's arousal. "Fuck me, again." she whispered and climbed backwards into the truck. Laying down on top of Vanessa so that her head was nestled between Vanessa's tits, she reached out to me. The sight was enough to cause me to recover faster than I would have thought possible!
"Fuck my little cunt!" she panted. "Give it more of your cum!" I crawled in. Awkward as it was, I managed.
Slipping in, I fucked her slowly, not quite Loving but letting her feel me inside her. Vanessa had wrapped her arms around Lori, squeezing breasts and pinching her nipples. Lori closed her eyes and rode the waves of her ecstasy. Between the two of us, we were able to quickly bring her to another screaming orgasm before I pumped another load deep inside her.
Lori rested, satisfied, against Vanessa who would occasionally tweak a nipple, causing Lori to squirm. Vanessa broke the silence. "I think I'm in love with both of you."
Lori perked up at that "HMM?"
Vanessa was quick to clarify, "I mean what you do to me! God! Did I really strip in the library and get off?"
"Yeah." I answered. "You did and Lori was about to go down on you right there!"
They both giggled. "That would have been too awesome!" said Lori.
"Is it awesome that Brittany saw you guys?" I asked.
"She saw?!" gasped Lori. "Oh God!" she sat up. "Who else?"
"I only saw her."
"I wouldn't mind eating her pussy." giggled Vanessa.
"You get her and I get Brooke!" laughed Lori.
"Whoa!" I said. "These are our friends! You can't..." I sputtered.
"Mike, you know I'd never do anything without you there or your permission." said Lori. "Vanessa is a special case and we've never touched each other when you weren't present."
"I promise, too!" chimed in Vanessa.
"You have Eric." I responded.
"Yeah." she agreed, "He's nice but we're pretty much over."
"What?! Why?" asked Lori. "He's a great guy."
"He is but he isn't up for all of this. I mean, could you imagine how he would have freaked out if we did that stuff at school with him?" she asked.
I nodded. Eric was way too straight laced for all of the things we had been doing.
"And he's still learning to fuck." she giggled. "We both are."
"Practice makes perfect!" cried Lori. We laughed at that.
I heard my phone so I found my pants and dug it out. It was Brittany. She hesitatingly asked if we were OK. Laughing, I assured her we were then handed the phone to Lori who confirmed that we were still going out and discussed the details as I got dressed. School had just ended but it seemed like it had taken longer.
With the girls still lounging in the backseat I drove back to town. Vanessa laughed as she struggled to hold her top together and pulled her skirt down before hopping out. Lori told her to be ready at five and to tell Eric there was going to be NO naughty stuff with the group.
After Vanessa walked away, I called her back, watching her struggle to keep her top closed without buttons. When she was at my window, "I'll think of a suitable punishment for not following my rule. I didn't give you permission to touch Lori like you did." Her eyes got big and she tried to say something but I rolled up my window and drove away, leaving her in the driveway.
"That was mean."
"What? How many times did she touch you without my permission?"
Rolling her head back, "Not that!" she laughed. "Besides, you don't really care, do you?"
I shook my head. I didn't know where this was headed, the three of us, but I knew Lori was mine and I felt something for Vanessa but I wasn't falling in love with her. "Then what?"
"It was mean that you are making her wait!"
Confused, "OK, What should I have done?"
"I don't know. Maybe make her give you her shirt or skirt or something right there. Then, while she's standing outside her house half-naked, you tell her that she was still going to be punished!"
I guess I don't get it. "Why?"
"To make her squirm! Build it up! It's what she wants." Seeing I still wasn't catching on, "You remember how you made me take off my shirt that day on the farm? Then drove to Sonic?" I grinned at that. Lori almost had a shrieking orgasm from just the thought of someone seeing her nipples stabbing through her t-shirt! Of course, after everything else we've done since then, that was pretty tame. Still...
Lori was able to button her shirt and looked somewhat presentable as we walked in. Mom was in the kitchen and Lori scurried off upstairs to put on something less likely to raise eyebrows while I explained that we were going out.
We picked everyone up and cruised to the city: putt-putt, Mickey D's, and time hanging out! We avoided the topic of sex and talked about everything else.
Eric and Vanessa played together as a couple and she would yell or squeal with glee and hug Eric after either one of them made a great shot but Eric wasn't really matching her enthusiasm. Lori played as good as she ever had but still came in a close 2nd to Brooke! She won a free game on her next visit to putt-putt. We all had a blast!
On the way home, we laughed and carried on as if the past few weeks hadn't changed our relationships and I discovered that it was something Lori and I had needed to do for a while. We had become so wrapped up with each other and all the sex that we had almost forgotten to keep doing the things that had brought us together in the first place!
I dropped Eric and Vanessa off first at Eric's and Vanessa surprised us all when she gave Lori a deep goodnight kiss.
As we dropped the Bs off at Brittany's, Lori confirmed we were going out Saturday. Brooke teased Lori by asking for a kiss goodnight as well then laughed as Lori found herself at a loss for words.
Lori and I took the back way in and shared a shower before Lori slowly rode me until I came deep inside. She put on a pair of panties to, as she put it 'Keep the party in the pool' then gave me a quick oral cleansing before we fell asleep.