All characters in this story that participate in adult sexual activity, or view adult sexual activity are at least 18 years old.
One day, my daughter Amber and I decided to drive over to the Shopping Mall and flash our naked bodies in public while we take pictures of each other. When we get there, I want Amber to take video of me getting out of the car in the Mall parking lot wearing nothing but my sunglasses and high heels. Amber comes downstairs and tells me that she is ready to go, so we walk out to the garage.
I quickly take my dress off and stuff it in my purse, then turn the car on and back down the driveway. A short time later, we are traveling on the highway towards the Mall and I notice Amber keeps looking at me.
I ask her what is on her mind, then she replies "Oh gosh Mom, you look so sexy driving the car without any clothes on!"
A half hour later, we are at the Shopping Mall looking for a place to park.
Amber says "Mom, there is one right over there!"
I pull into the spot and turn the engine off. Then, I tell Amber to get out of the car with her camera and stand about twenty feet away from me and start taking video. Amber jumps out of the car, slams the door shut, then gets ready. When I see her positioned, I open my car door and get out.
Amber starts taking video while I open the car door and step into the bright sunlight. I look towards her and smile for a few seconds while I run my hands up and down my beautiful naked body, then push my fingers through my long blonde hair a couple of times. I want her to get a good shot of my tight little ass, so I turn around and lean into the car. I look over my shoulder at the camera and smile for a few seconds, then get my dress out my purse and casually put it back on.
Amber turns off the camera, then says "Mom, I got some really good footage of you! You looked fantastic wearing nothing but sunglasses while people were driving by looking at you!"
I grab my purse and shut the car door, then start walking to the mall entrance. Amber follows behind me and starts taking pictures of me flicking my long blonde hair around while I lift the back of my dress up and caress my bare ass cheeks.
As the automatic Mall entrance doors open, Amber turns off the camera and runs up to me. We walk through the Mall for a while, then I decide to stop at the main water fountain so we can take a few pictures of us flashing in public. The fountain is in the middle of a large pool that looks to be about a foot deep, and about a dozen people are sitting on the circular concrete bench surrounding it.
I say to Amber "Stand over there about twenty feet away while I sit on the bench next to the fountain. Take pictures every few seconds while I try to look sexy for the camera."
Amber runs over and takes a couple photos of me. The flash from the camera startles most of the people sitting near me, so they look over to see where it is coming from. She takes a couple more photos and I notice now that nobody is looking in my direction now, so I unbutton the front of my dress and hold it open. I wait two or three seconds for Amber to take a few pictures of my naked breasts, then quickly pull the dress back around me and button it back up.
Amber walks over to me, hands me the camera and says "Mom, it's my turn now!"
I hold the camera up and start taking one picture after another. Amber stands next to the fountain and looks towards me, then unbuttons her dress and lets it slide off her arms to the tile floor! Jesus Christ, I thought she was going to quickly flash her naked body, but instead, she just casually stands there naked while shoppers walk along and look at her!
I keep taking pictures while Amber bends over, picks up her dress, then sits down on the cement bench surrounding the fountain and takes her high heel shoes off. She motions for me to come over to her, so I walk over and she stuffs her dress and shoes in my purse.
I ask her "Amber, what are you going to do now?" She replies "You will find out in a couple of seconds, now start taking more pictures!"
Amber turns around, then hops up on the concrete bench and steps down into the water surrounding water fountain! She wades through the water until she is about ten feet away, then stops and looks over her shoulder at me. I take a few more pictures, then she begins walking through the water again! Where is she going?"
Jesus Christ, I don't believe what I am seeing! Amber continues to casually walk naked around the pool while people gather around to watch her! After a couple of minutes, she wades back to where I am, then climbs out of the pool and sits down on the bench.
She takes her shoes from my purse to put them on, then says "Mom, my feet are all wet! I need a towel to dry them off!"
By this time, there is a large group of people crowded around and a handsome young guy about her age takes off his T-shirt and hands it to her. Amber dries off her feet, then stands up and walks over to him.
He is really tall, so she looks up into his eyes and says "You are a true gentleman! If you would like to kiss me, then go ahead!"
The guy immediately puts his arms her and they start kissing while he runs his hands all over her naked body! I don't believe what I am seeing!
Amber starts moaning while they continue kissing, then she pushes her hand down inside the front of his shorts! More people gather around us, then Amber suddenly gets down on her knees, pulls the guys shorts down to his ankles and starts sucking his cock!
I immediate say to her "Amber, stop what you are doing right now young lady! Stop right now and put your clothes back on!"
Suddenly, I hear over the Shopping Mall's public address system "Security, Security, respond immediately to the main water fountain!"
Amber does not seem to hear the warning, so I have to slap her on the back of her head a couple of times to get her attention! She leans back and the guy's cock pops out of her mouth. I tell her that we have worn-out our welcome here, and we have to leave this minute!
She starts complaining, but I grab her wrist and we run out of the Mall.
When we get to the car, Amber puts her dress back on, then says "Mom, let's to that other Shopping Mall just down the street!"