After three weeks apart, Juliette and I couldn't wait to see one another. While she was in Atlanta working a trade show, I was working 4000 miles away on the Isle of Man. We both would much rather have been in San Francisco, in our own bed, and passionately fucking like wild animals. Although we'd chat daily on the phone, I missed seeing her long red hair, pretty green eyes and infectious smile.
The Saturday before I left for the Isle of Man, we attended Club Lush, our favorite sex club, and had some of the hottest sex in our ten years or marriage. We fucked in all of our favorite positions and when I was spent, Juliette leaned back against a wall and fingered her pussy until she came several more times. She was so absorbed playing with herself that she was oblivious to the people watching her. After a night like that, I certainly had something to think about for the few weeks we were apart.
Traveling for business is always a mixed blessing for me. While I miss Juliette after long trips, I do like seeing new places and I enjoy gaining new experiences. Even if the trip is horrible, it at least gives me some amusing tales to tell family and friends. Juliette, on the other hand, absolutely hates business travel of any kind. She'd much rather sleep in her own comfy bed and cuddle with her darling Chihuahuas.
Fortunately, my job as a sales engineer provides me with just the right amount of travel. Not so much that Wifey feels neglected, but enough to keep my life interesting. Most of my company's customers are in large metro areas where I can spend my off hours shopping, seeing the tourist attractions, browsing bookstores and art museums and hanging out at the occasional topless club. But when my boss chose to send me to a sparsely populated island in the North Irish Sea, I was less than enthused. Matt, who turned down the opportunity to go himself, tried to make it seem like he was doing me a favor by telling me about the castles and other tourist attractions I could see. However, with the amount of work I'd be doing for this project, I doubted I'd have time to relax and see the sites.
The flight from San Francisco to the Isle of Man consisted of three hops, the last being a twin-engined puddle jumper from Manchester, England to the island. When the plane touched down at 7am, I just wanted to sleep. However, I had a 10am meeting with the client so I had to rent a car and get going. Driving down the narrow roads, I scared several locals and myself more than once with my inept driving on the left-hand side of the road. Once out of the town, cars were sparse so I was able to take in the green hills and scenic villages. The countryside was prettier than I had expected and I hoped to get some time to see some of the attractions that I saw on various road signs.
My company was under a tight deadline to get our client's computer systems up and running. Within five hours of landing, I was in the thick of configuring switches, routers, and servers. The ten-day job lapsed into twenty as the project was plagued with dead-on-arrival hardware, frequent project scope changes by pointy-haired-bosses, nightmare vendor licensing issues, buggy software, and complicated vendor relationships. Basically, it was business as usual in the world of e-commerce websites.
One of the project managers working with me was a snooty Londoner who claimed that the Manx were a bunch of inbred alcoholics clinging to a rock in the North Irish Sea. While not really a fair characterization, I did notice that my Manx coworkers went pubbing every night as there didn't seem to be much else to do. In contrast, I had to return to a frigid hotel room where the staff had the obnoxious habit of opening all of my windows while I was out. When I asked the front desk why they did that, they told me it was healthy to get fresh air. Who in their right mind would think the cold, damp wind whipping of the North Irish Sea in winter was good for one's health? And to make matters worse, the hotel turned off the building's heat at midnight so after a long day in a cold computer room, I'd return many hours after midnight to an uncomfortably cold room. After closing all eight windows, I'd bundle myself in all of my sweatshirts and jackets before cuddling under the meager bedding.
After three weeks shuttling between a freezing computer room and a freezing hotel room, I was ready to sleep in my own bed and enjoy the company of my wife. As the project neared completed, I booked a flight and called Juliette to let her know I'd be home on Tuesday. After a little small talk, my wife asked whether I missed her.
"I can't wait until I can be in your arms again," I told her.
"Are you sure you sure you wouldn't rather be between my thighs?"
"Oh, yeah."
"What else would you like to be doing to me?"
"I'd love to be sprawled between your spread legs while sucking your delectable clit. Oh Juliette, I can't wait to eat your hot pussy. And when you are nice and wet, I'm going to give you a nice, hard fucking the way you like."
"Well, keep that thought. When you get back, you can do that to me at Club Lush."
When I got off the phone with Juliette, I had to lie back in bed and stroke my cock until I came; spraying all over myself as I envisioned all the sexy fun I would be having with my wife in just a few short days.
While not exactly swingers, we both get off on the sexual energy at sex clubs. We are both exhibitionists and have pretty strong voyeuristic tendencies as well. So I was pretty worked up thinking about another visit to the club.
Even after a half dozen visits to swing clubs, we were continually surprised that we found it so erotic watching people fuck within an arm's reach of us while we did the same. Watching porn has become boring as I've gotten used to having twenty naked couples around us in various positions while I made love to my wife.
Our vanilla friends didn't understand why we like going to sex clubs so much. One reason is that after a night of hot sex in the club, we are rewarded with amazing sex days and weeks afterwards. The eroticism of the club seems to linger while we digest all of what we saw. Sex at home is both intimate and satisfying, but isn't always memorable months later. At the club, however, I seem to recall the details and sensations for months. Flashbacks of playing with Juliette's soft pink nipple in my mouth or the feel of her talented mouth sliding down my cock continue to come to me while daydreaming during boring meetings. Recalling the image of my cock thrusting into her pussy while her sweaty body bounces atop me fill out my fantasies while masturbating in the morning.
Sometimes I wonder about the might-have-beens or what the other people were thinking. Did the woman watching me go down on Juliette so closely that I could feel her breath on my neck get off on watching me suck my wife's clit? Did she woman want to join us? What kept her from actually touching Juliette?
All of these little tidbits remain as vivid and lively as when they occurred. Experiences such as these have given us something to look forward to each month.
****
When Juliette got back home on Thursday, she told me that not only was she up for the lingerie party on Saturday night, she was positively needed to get fucked on the bunk beds. I couldn't wait to see Juliette dancing around in a bra and panties. With a little luck and a little wine, Juliette would be dancing topless on the dance floor. After all these years with her, I still got hard seeing my naked wife.
The week went by quickly and soon enough it was Saturday. We went to dinner at a Japanese restaurant on the Peninsula and then drove up to the club. Walking from the car to the club, I began worrying that we might not have a good time. We had been having so many wild times at the clubs that we both wondered whether we'd lose the thrill if we continued at the rate we were going.
Juliette whispered to me, "Do you think we are going to have a good time tonight?"
More confidently than I felt, I replied, "Juliette, you look stunning tonight. I know I'm going to have a good time screwing you and making everyone envious that they can't have you. And I know you are going to enjoy when I fuck your sweet little ass like I did last month." Juliette just giggled, probably thinking about her newfound love of anal sex.
We arrived around 10 pm and the party was just getting started. A few people were on the dance floor while others stood around chatting and waiting for others to get the party started. Like some of the other nights, the club looked like it could have been a regular nightclub. People dressed provocatively, but there was no nudity or couples madly groping one another. The mix of people was interesting as always. There were a bunch of yuppie looking guys and gals as well as several guys who looked like construction workers with their somewhat rough looking women. And then there we the ever present trendies; the women with hair dyed impossibly black and the guys with short hair and 1950's-era geeker glasses sporting their Doc Martens and turtlenecks.
I opened the bottle of a nice dry Gewurztraminer I brought and poured Juliette a glass. While sipping our wine and observing the people on the dance floor, Juliette pointed out a cute short-haired brunette dancing. I was quite surprised that Juliette found her attractive as she usually picks out the hot blondes in the room.
We have very different taste in women and Juliette frequently accuses me of liking odd-looking women. I think it would be more fair to say that I don't like any of the current "it girls". I could care less for the Pam Anderson and Paris Hilton types. I mostly go for brunettes and redheads, so I was quite pleased Wifey and I finally agreed on a woman.
The slender brunette wore her hair in a cute pixyish cut and was slightly taller than Juliette's 5'3" frame. I had to admit, the woman had an exotic air about her. We watched as a busty blonde began dancing closely with her. By her body language, Juliette didn't think the brunette was really interested in the 40-something woman. I didn't care -- I enjoyed watching the blonde run her hands all over the brunette's ass and pert breasts.
While we love people watching, we rarely notice others watching us. However, caught the pixyish girl looking over at us a number of times. I didn't know if she was looking at Juliette or me or was just responding to us looking at her. When Juliette went to the bathroom, pixie girl continued glancing over at me. I was beginning to wonder if she was interested which would have been flattering as I don't get a lot of attention from the young, pretty women. Feeling kind of bold, the next time she glanced over at me I gave her a come hither signal with my finger. I was a little surprised to see her actually start walking towards me. I panicked for a moment as I hadn't planned this far ahead and was at a loss for words.
Saving me the trouble, she introduced herself, "I'm Ruth. I was hoping I'd see you and your wife here again."
"Glad to meet you. I'm Al and my wife is Juliette. You've seen us here before?"
"Several times," she replied. "I enjoyed watching you go down on your wife last time."
Ahh, she was the one I glimpsed of out of the corner of my while I muff-dived my wife. Juliette had her eyes closed and didn't notice a thing and I was so busy licking, sucking, and fingering Juliette that I didn't dare take my mouth of her pussy as she was approaching orgasm. But the breath and scent of a woman close to me was obvious.
"I'm glad you enjoyed the show", I replied. "If you like, I'll give you a repeat performance."
When Juliette returned to the table, I introduced her to Ruth. I poured Ruth a glass of wine and asked whether she was with someone.
"I came with a bunch of friends, but no one in particular so I thought I'd be with you two for the night," she quipped.
Did she really say that? My stomach tightened as I looked to see how Juliette took that brazen response. Surprisingly, my wife gave me a smile and I knew that we might actually end up having our first threesome. Juliette has never been interested in a threesome or swapping. In fact she was completely dead set against sharing me with someone else. We enjoy the sex clubs for the eroticism, but don't interact with anyone else. Kind of a look, but don't touch policy. Juliette is a real exhibitionist and loves having sex in public. Partly, I think she got a thrill showing off what an amazingly good fuck she is and then turning down everyone who asked to join us. I know there are others out there who would despise this behavior, but we are not ready to take the plunge.
As it neared 11pm, the MC told us to put away our street clothes and get into our boxers and lingerie. I put on a pair of black silk boxers that had red lips all over them and Juliette wore a sheer black bra and panty set. Ruth disrobed and did a little twirl to show us her rhinestone studded thong and her matching black bra with cutouts that exposed her nipples. I did a little applause and told her she looked great.
After two hours of techno and other music Juliette found undanceable, the DJ put on some Kool and the Gang and Juliette grabbed both Ruth's and my hand and pulled us to the dance floor. I'm not much into disco, but enjoy it solely to see the smile on Juliette's face and the dancing enthusiasm it brings out in her. As usual, dancing close to Juliette gave me a raging hard on that was completely obvious in my thin silk boxers. I felt ridiculous dancing around with my cock flopping about, but I didn't really care. Sandwiched between two very attractive women, there would have been something seriously wrong if I my cock wasn't at attention.
After a while, the dance floor began thinning out as couples wandered upstairs to the playrooms. When the dance floor finally had some room, Juliette surprised me by getting on her knees and putting her mouth over my silk-covered cock. I was turned on so much that my stomach was fluttering as Ruth nibbled on my ear. Juliette pulled down my boxers and licked the underside of my cock.
Ruth breathed into my ear, "Your wife gives good head".
"Does she ever", I replied before turning and kissing Ruth on the lips.
After teasing my cock with her tongue, Juliette stood up and pressed herself against me.
"Are you ready to fuck me?" she asked. And then to Ruth, "Care to join us?"
"I'd love to", she replied.
On the way up the stairs, I asked Juliette what our limits were. As much as Juliette said we would never play with anyone else, we had determined that if things started to look like they might go that way, we needed to set some limits so things wouldn't get out of hand. Juliette told me that I could kiss and finger Ruth, but I couldn't fuck her. Also, she'd let Ruth go down on me if she wanted. I was actually a little shocked. I had no idea why Juliette decided we should bring someone else to bed with us this time, other than knowing that I always wanted to have two women lavish their attention on my cock. At that moment, I cared little to stay downstairs and see who would win the Best Chest award at midnight.
The three of us found a bunk bed with clean sheets and staked out our territory. Juliette pushed me down on my back and kissed me way more aggressively that she does at home. Her kisses got me hard and hungering for more. While Juliette devoured my mouth, Ruth tugged my boxers down and stroked my cock with light, feathery touches.
"Oooh, look, he's leaking", Ruth quipped.
I don't normally ooze precum, but the attention the two ladies were giving me really had me feeling pretty good.
I leaned back to kiss my wife, but gave a little start as I felt Ruth's mouth engulf the tip of my cock. My beautiful wife kissing me while another woman sucked my cock was incredible; something I never expected to really happen.
Juliette whispered, "You like this, don't you?"
Juliette stopped kissing me for a moment. I was going to protest, but saw that she was removing her panties; leaving her wearing only her hammered gold necklace and earrings and a pair of thigh-high black stockings that contrasted nicely against her creamy white skin.
For a moment, Juliette sat and watched this other woman suck me. I was enjoying watching my cock slide into the brunette's mouth until Juliette swung her leg over my chest and positioned her pussy on my face. The room was darker than I preferred, hiding the details of my wife's pussy in the shadows so I used my remaining senses to breath in the scent of her arousal, tasting it, and exploring the folds, texture and wetness.
At home, Juliette isn't very demonstrative about what she wants. When I'd ask what she'd like, she'd give me the wishy-washy, "Oh, whatever you want." At the clubs, however, Juliette becomes more dominating and assertive.
"Is my pussy wet enough for you?" she inquired as she forcefully ground her wetness all over my face.
"Oh yes" I mumbled into her warm crotch.
I started really getting into sucking her clit, but after a few moments it became apparent that Juliette wanted something else. She scooted her body forward a little and instructed, "Lick my ass like you did last week. There, like that. Oh, that feels so damn good. Yes. Oh lick me harder. Oh, kiss my ass and make me come."
Juliette occasionally enjoys a little rimming, but never admits it to herself or me. She would do it to me on special occasions, but when I'd try it on her, she would start wiggling around and moaning and getting into it, but would invariably ask, "What are you doing?" and make me stop. After our first bout of anal sex several months earlier, Juliette has been aggressively moving her body so that my tongue meets her ass. It turns me on slipping my tongue all around her pink anus and after a few moments of rimming her I exploded into Ruth's mouth. The next few squirts went all over my belly when Ruth pulled her mouth off of me. She rapidly stroked my cock while I shot spurt after spurt of come all over myself.
Juliette got off of my face and surprised me by what she told Ruth. "Ruth, you are a good little cocksucker, aren't you? How about licking him clean for me", she instructed.
"Your husband has such a nice thick cock." Ruth said as she licked the puddles of cum off my belly and rubbed her tits over my cock. Watching this woman lick up the come off my chest was getting me hard again.
"Suck his balls now. He'd really enjoy that."
As Ruth followed my wife's instructions, Juliette began stroking my slick cock with both hands. Having two women work on me was as good as anything I could have imagined. I enjoyed the sensation of Ruth sucking my balls while Wifey rubbed my cock back to life.
Juliette leaned over to get something out of her purse. I heard the distinctive snap of a plastic cap and then felt the coldness of Astroglide pouring over my cock. Soon Juliette was giving me a vigorous hand job. Using one hand to firmly stroke the shaft of my cock and the other to stretch and play with my balls, she had me fully erect and hard faster than I had thought possible.
"I need to feel your cock in my pussy", she demanded as she got on all fours.
I paused for a moment as I took in the sights around me. There was such a pile of people in the bed across from ours that I couldn't tell whose arms and legs belonged to whom. I guess tonight was a good night for anyone who wanted to join an anonymous flesh pile.
Glancing down, Ruth lay on her back next to me while her fingers stroked her pussy. My wife was the body to watch, though, with her red hair flowing across the sheets as her face pressed into the pillow we brought from home. My eyes settled on her shapely bottom; I loved seeing her deep red lips of her sex after she has been aroused all evening and her glistening anus after I had thoroughly worked it over with my tongue.
Pulling myself back to the task at hand, I positioned my cock at Juliette's pussy and was going to gently tease her with it. Without warning, Wifey slammed back against me, driving my cock as deep as she could into her pussy. Ruth cuddled up to me and ran her hands up and down my back while she looked down and watched my cock sliding in my wife.
"Ruth, I'd love it if you rub my balls."
Her hands wandered down to my balls and stroked them while rubbing her fingers over the sensitive area between my ass and scrotum. I wasn't going to last long if she continued that, even after having just come in her mouth.
While no John Holmes, the girth of my cock makes Juliette's pussy sore after ten minutes of serious pounding. When she gets too sore from me fucking her pussy, she often asks for something that just delights me to no end.
Flushed from face to chest, Juliette looked back at us. "Ruth, do you think you can get my asshole ready so that my husband can fuck me there?"
Ruth grabbed the Astroglide from the bed and poured some on her fingers. Running a hand over Juliette's back with one hand, she used the other to pour a generous amount of lube all over my wife's asshole. After putting down the Astroglide, Ruth rubbed her slippery fingers around Juliette's butt and then slowly eased a finger into my wife's ass.
"Oooh, she's so soft in there," exclaimed Ruth.
Juliette's moans were getting louder and higher pitched as Ruth moved a little closer to Juliette and slid her hand from my wife's back to her breasts while continuing to lube up her ass. If I hadn't come a few minutes before, I would have surely lost control seeing this woman sliding her fingers in and out of my wife's anus.
After Ruth worked eased in a second finger, Juliette said she was ready. I put my cock up to her ass and gently touched the tip of my dick her slick anus and let her tell me how to enter her.
"Easy. Slow. There... Oh god. Oh, that feels incredible. A little deeper. Stay right there. OK, a little more" went her nasty litany of commands until my cock was completely buried in her ass.
Even though we had done this a half dozen times, I was still amazed seeing my cock sunk to the hilt in Juliette's ass and observing the taught flesh of her asshole stretched tightly around my cock.
Juliette started slowly moving back and forth and was soon screaming and moaning so loudly that a woman across the room cajoled the half dozen people on her bed, "Would you listen to that woman? Why don't the rest of you get into it like she is. Come on. I want to hear a lot more moaning like that woman."
Upon hearing my wife's progressively louder moans and screams, I had to restrain myself from laughing. Her vocalness during sex is hot, but, at the same time, I find it amusing that my professional businesswoman of a wife can be such an adorable slut.
Ruth saw that I was having trouble holding on to my Wifey while trying to rub her pussy at the same time.
"Juliette, can I rub your pussy. Your husband doesn't seem to have enough hands for you".
Juliette didn't respond so Ruth reached around and fingered my wife's clit while rubbing her hand all over my wife's bottom. Ruth turned to me and kissed me on the lips. When she put her tongue in my mouth, I couldn't hold back. I let out a grunt as a toe-curling orgasm enveloped me.
Juliette collapsed forward and I followed her, pinning her to the bed with my cock still buried in her backside. After a few minutes of holding her down and kissing her neck, I slowly pulled out of her bottom. Ruth lay down next to her and ran here hands over Juliette's back and bottom as if she had been Juliette's lover for years. I excused myself to go to the bathroom and wash off.
The restroom facilities were inadequate and I had to wait several minutes to get into the bathroom. When I finally made it back to the bad, I was pleased to see Ruth still in bed. I was even more pleased watching my wife playing with Ruth's erect nipples and then pulling each one gently into her mouth before looking up at me.
"This turns you on, doesn't it?"
"You wouldn't believe how much", I replied.
"Why don't you take her other tit in your mouth? I'm sure she'd like that."
I got on the other side of Ruth and began sucking her nipple. With her nipple in my mouth, I noticed the flower-scented lotion on her skin, a scent so different than the familiar sent of my wife. Inhaling the pleasant smells, I put my mouth around her nipple and savored the sensation of it hardening while I rolled my tongue around her soft flesh.
"Al, go ahead and rub her pussy."
"Are you sure that's OK?" She was allowing me to interact with Ruth further than I expected and I was hesitant since I didn't want to hurt Wifey.
"It's OK hubby. I don't mind."
With that I reached down and started playing in Ruth's well-trimmed pussy and fingered her to orgasm. I hadn't touched another pussy in thirteen years and was surprised how much smaller her clit was than my wife's. It took a little fumbling around before I got in sync with her. But once I got everything figured out, Ruth started thrashing about as I began driving several fingers into her wet cunt.
Ruth moaned and grabbed my arm with such force her handprints were visible on my arm when she finally released me. I wanted to give her some real pleasure by getting down between her legs and eating her out, but I didn't want to go faster than Juliette's comfort level. I was patient. If I waited, I was sure I'd get more of this kind of fun in the future.
After Ruth's orgasm, Juliette gave Ruth a little peck on her lips and said we needed to be getting home. Ruth smiled and said she really enjoyed herself and hoped to see us in the future. We dressed while Ruth gathered her stuff and went to meet up with her friends in the orgy room.
Juliette and I were all smiles on the way back to the car. As always, she was going on about what a good time she had and that she couldn't believe she watched another woman give me a blowjob. She also gave a little jab and said, "You see, she couldn't deep throat you all the way either" as if this was supposed to make me feel better.
***
Club Lush has been closed for more than three years. In that time, our tastes have changed and we no longer find the club scene as exciting as we once did. Instead of clubs, we are pretty much immersed in the "lifestyle" and have ads on several different swinger websites. Every weekend is filled with some kind of swinger event: meeting couples for dinner, attending house parties, or traveling to lifestyle conventions around the US and Mexico.
And we've continued to expand our limits and explore new things. Observing Juliette's progression with women has been fascinating. Before we were involved in swinging, Juliette thought the idea of being intimate with another woman was sickening. But as we attended more parties and met more couples, I'd see Juliette reach out and lightly touch other women's body. Then the first time we met another couple at a hotel for a daytime tryst, Juliette made out with the woman and rolled around on the bed with her. But kissing and nuzzling nipples was her limit, she stated firmly. And then I noticed more kissing, flirting and fingering. I just watched, enjoyed the show, and was mindful that bringing up the topic might put an end to her exploring. I was never one of those spouses who cajoled or begged their spouse to play with other women, but I certainly enjoyed the show when it happened.
After a recent "date" with another couple, Juliette commented that women were nice to kiss, especially when attractive men weren't available, but she would absolutely never go down on a woman; that would be far too repulsive. I just listened and said I understood. But last week while entertaining another couple at our house, the guy asked Juliette to go down on his wife. I nearly blurted out that Juliette doesn't do that, but remembered Juliette telling me she was a big girl and could take care of herself. So I watched in amazement as Juliette crawled between Kayla's thighs and began kissing and licking her first pussy. After a few minutes, Juliette looked up at me and exclaimed, "This is fun!" But that's a story for another time.