The following story takes place in the 1980's. Before all public spaces had cctv cameras and everyone had a cell phone with a camera. A time when people could explore their exhibitionist side without worrying about leaving a legacy of pictures on the internet. All persons exhibiting and viewing nudity are 18+
* * *
The Faker. Chapter 1.
Kathy Simpson was always shy about her body and her beauty. She was 19, 5'5" with a slim build, light brown hair and beautiful small, perky breasts. She always took great care of herself but dressed to hide her body, usually looking downright frumpy. The boys in high school almost never paid any attention to her, which was just the way she liked it. She had wanted to concentrate on her studies, and boys were just a distraction.
Now in her first year at college, Kathy had a steady boyfriend she loved but could never seem to break out of her shell... until things started to change one day after a trip to buy a new bathing suit.
She was trying on a fairly low cut, blue one piece suit with a red racing stripe from top to bottom. Even though it was fairly modest she know it would accentuate her athletic build and couldn't wait to show her boyfriend next time they went swimming. He adored her small perky boobs and she wanted a tight suit to show off... just for him.
The changing rooms in the store were simple but adequate. A row of three little cubicles at the back of the store, each with a mirror, bench and a single curtain for a door that faced out into the store. Kathy liked this store because the curtain was full length, from above her head to just a few inches off the floor, unlike some of the newer stores where you could almost look over the curtain while changing and it barely came down to your knees!
Undressing to try on clothes always made her blush a little. Knowing she was almost naked with strangers so close always gave her butterflies. As per store regulations she left her panties on but took off everything else to try on the suit. There were no returns on bathing suits and she wanted to make sure it fit right so she had worn the smallest, tightest pair of panties she owned.
They were light pink and basically see through all over except where a double layer of material covered her privates. The outline of her shaved pussy was clearly visible, as was the landing strip she had recently trimmed into almost non existance. Thinking how she had never even let her boyfriend see her in these made her blush a little deeper red. She'd always rather just get naked with him than 'put on a show' as he put it.
Just as Kathy was realizing the suit was too big for her small chest, the salesgirl that was helping her spoke through the curtain. "How does it fit?"
"It's a little big in the chest but otherwise great. Would the next size smaller be OK or will it be to small for the rest of me?" Kathy asked.
"It'll be perfect. That material will stretch quite a bit and give you a really sexy fit. Stay there and take that one off, I'll go grab the other one for you." she replied and went off to find a smaller size for her.
Kathy did as she was told and took off the old suit. Standing in just her panties, she waited for the girl to return with the smaller size.
When the upbeat nineteen year old salesgirl returned with the suit, she just pulled the curtain on the change room open about a foot and stood there looking right at the almost naked Kathy! She had both her hands outstretched into the room, one with the new suit and one wanting the old suit, as if it was the most normal thing in the world to do!
Mortified, Kathy just stood there, hands at her side, unable to move or cover herself.
Mind racing, she barely heard the salesgirl ask "Do you need anything else?" since she was too busy coming to the realization that she was actually excited by this turn of events. "Why am I letting her look at me?" she thought. Just then she looked over the girls shoulder and saw two boys who appeared to be just a little older than her shopping with their girlfriends. One nudged the other and motioned in her direction and she just stood there and locked eyes with him, hands still at her sides.
Kathy new the boys could see nothing more than her head and maybe a little bit of her bare shoulders since the salesgirl was standing directly in front of the curtain blocking their view... but she also knew she was somehow a little disappointed they couldn't see more! What the hell? She had NEVER wanted to show off her body before.
"No, uh, thanks... That's all I, uh, need." she finally stammered, so the girl closed the curtain and walked away.
After a few seconds, Kathy recovered enough to try on the new suit, which fit perfectly. The salesgirl was definitely right. The suit stretched out to fit her and it looked amazing. Now a little tighter to fit her chest, the bottom stretched out like a second skin and left little to the imagination.
While taking the suit off and wondering if she had the guts to wear something so tight in public, Kathy started to think again about how she felt when she locked eyes with that guy while basically standing naked. She wasn't sure she understood exactly, but she knew she wanted to find out if it had actually turned her on to be looked at or if she was just startled by what happened.
Then she had the idea that would change her forever.
Peeking through the crack in the curtain she saw the boys a few feet from the change rooms leaning on a table. They looked bored and were obviously waiting for their girlfriends to try something on. Stripping down to just her panties again, she held one arm over her small boobs making sure they were completely covered, holding the bathing suit in the other hand and letting it hang in front of her pussy. She took a deep breath and before she could chicken out she loudly slid open her curtain door all the way and casually walked out of the change room as if it were a normal thing to do.
Once outside her changing cubicle, she walked right up to the boys and said "Sorry, but I want to change this for a red one."
Neither boy said anything and neither moved, they just continued to stare at her panties and arm covered boobs. Trying to sound normal and a little annoyed she said "You're kind of in my way..."
Realizing almost simultaneously that she meant that she wanted something on the table they were leaning and wanted them to move they both jumped up and moved to the side without a word. Kathy used her free hand to set the blue suit down and grab a red one in her size. Then, as calmly as she could force herself to, she walked the few steps back to her changing room feeling the boys eyes on her the whole way.
After pulling the curtain closed it was all she could do to keep standing. "Definitely turned on." She thought to herself as she felt a small wet spot slowly spreading on her panties.
"Was that girl naked?" was all she heard of the conversation as the boys girlfriends joined them and they walked out of earshot.
* * *
A few days later, she told her boyfriend Mark about the experience. She was unsure how he'd react but they both got so turned on talking about it they had the best sex they'd ever had. That was when the idea started to take shape. Lying in bed, both still naked, Mark explained his idea to her.
"What do you mean 'pretend' to be hypnotized?" she said.
"Just that... I'll tell people you went to get hypnotized to lose your fear of something or other and I slipped the guy a hundred bucks to add a few suggestions you would have to follow." he explained again.
"I'll say he programmed you do anything I say and believe anything I say without hesitation. That way you get to experience all the things you want to do, without anyone knowing you actually WANT to do them... they'll think you won't even remember! It's perfect!"
"But what if you tell me to do something I actually DON'T want to do? How do I refuse without letting on to anyone watching that I'm not really hypnotized?"
"You'll just have to trust me and play along." Mark said with a wink, his mind racing with ideas of what they could do.
For the next hour, Mark and Kathy worked on the details of the plan. Mark was completely serious, Kathy thought they were just joking around...
* * *
Oh my GOD Mark I can't believe I'm even considering doing this! How did I let you talk me into this?" Kathy said. Sitting on her bed naked, contemplating what she was about to do was almost to much for her.
"Talk you into it? It's all you've been talking about for the last two weeks!" Mark replied
"It's your call Kathy, it's your fantasy (not that I mind helping!) but you can still change your mind any time before we start... but remember once we start you have to do EVERYTHING I say or everyone will know you're just faking it."
"OK. No. I've made up my mind. I WANT to do this. I NEED to do this. I'm GOING to do this!" And with that, she stood up and started to get dressed.
As instructed by Mark, she put on the same sheer panties she had worn to the swimsuit store along with the matching bra. The bra was a half cup that barely covered her nipples and was made of the same almost sheer material as the panties. She completed the outfit with a pair of denim shorts and a tight black tank top.
Stepping out of her bedroom, she paused for a second, looking at herself in the full length mirror in the hallway and thought "Will I really go through with this..."
She answered her question by going downstairs, sitting on the couch, and nervously waiting for the doorbell to ring...