Author's note: A few references in this story will make more sense if you've read "Kristen gives Dave a birthday show!"; I hadn't intended to follow up the earlier story featuring Kristen and Dave in Rockport, so the titles don't make it clear that they are related.
As always, thanks for reading...
*****
Kristen and Dave weren't surprised to find that they'd slept too late to have breakfast. The small diner which had become their go-to option for that meal during their week in Rockport would have to wait; they hadn't returned to their hotel room after their late-night tryst on the beach until almost 3 AM, so a leisurely morning suited them both. It was closer to lunchtime than breakfast by the time they walked into town to find a meal, settling in at a casual spot overlooking the harbor. Along the way, they passed several spots where Kristen had left behind some part or another of her outfit during their walk back to their hotel the previous night. Kristen couldn't help blushing as they discussed the escapade, but she was glad to see her slow-motion striptease had made a lasting impression on her husband.
As they returned to the hotel after lunch they stopped at the shop with the scarves Kristen had admired the night before and she bought a few. After she made her purchase Dave reminded her about their discussion the night before about her shopping there while wearing only a blouse. Kristen blushed again but told him, "You never know, our vacation isn't over yet!" She hadn't thought today about what had sounded almost like a challenge from Dave the night before; now that he'd brought it up again she had a hard time thinking of anything else.
The art gallery whose proprietor they'd met when his dog's leash got tangled with Kristen's legs was just a few doors down; Kristen was happy to have a distraction as they paused to look at the paintings on display. Most of the paintings were landscapes which looked like local scenes, a few of which looked familiar from their hikes around town. A few displayed high in the window were of a very different looking area, still with the ocean as a backdrop but with a desolate and somewhat eerie foreground, full of angular slabs of rock with small pools of water scattered around. These paintings were almost bleak looking, but their stark scenery was warmed by the one sign of life present in each - a nude woman sprawled over the rocks! In some paintings, she seemed to be relaxing or sunning herself, in others looking down at one of the pools of water and in a few walking around the rocky landscape. They each agreed that the paintings were intriguing, but the prices visible in the window were high enough to make them limit themselves to browsing the display window, not bothering to enter the gallery.
Reaching their room around 1 PM, Dave reminded Kristen that he had booked a trip on a whale watching trip for that afternoon. He didn't want to go on a trip and return without seeing any whales, so he had signed up with a tour operator who guaranteed sightings, which happened to be longer than most tours, almost 5 hours from start to finish. Being prone to seasickness, Kristen had already let him know she had no interest in joining him; she kissed him goodbye and said, "I'll just have to amuse myself somehow or other this afternoon. I'm sure I'll think of something."
"That's what worries me!" kidded Dave.
"See you around dinner time," replied Kristen.
After Dave left, Kristen thought about her options. It was a little cloudy for lounging around on the beach; not too cold to do so, but cool enough to render it a second or third choice.
Simply having a nap had some appeal after her late-night yesterday, but she didn't want to waste precious vacation time holed up in the hotel room.
More window shopping seemed like a good option, though she was pretty sure she'd already seen everything she was interested in already. Then two ideas came to her in close succession. She hadn't gone into the galley to see what was available inside; she remembered the proprietor offering her a good discount with his card the night before, so maybe some items for sale might be within reach after all.
The other idea taking root in her mind was taking Dave up on his dare to go shopping half dressed! Since the gallery owner already had a pretty extensive look at Kristen the night before, she thought the art gallery would be as good a place as any to complete this challenge!
"What to wear?" thought Kristen, "Or should I be thinking in terms of what NOT to wear?"
She quickly decided that to stay in the spirit of the dare she ought to be dressed as closely as possible to the way she'd been when the topic of shopping while barely covered had come up. She couldn't remember if the idea emerged before or after she'd disposed of her panties, so she compromised by wearing panties, but selecting the sheerest pair she'd brought with her on the trip. She remembered that she'd already left her skirt and bra behind by the time skimpily dressed shopping had entered their conversation, so she decided that the only other clothing available to her for this outing would be a button-down dress shirt of Dave's. She had a similar blouse in her suitcase but thought the extra length his shirt provided might give her a better chance to keep those panties hidden. It took far more time for her to select the outfit than it took to actually get dressed in the two garments and a pair of flip-flops.
Kristen studied her new look in their hotel room's full-length mirror before fully committing to this adventure. The shirt covered her well enough, but she was more than slightly nervous about a stray gust of wind lifting the shirttails and putting her panties on display! They were definitely not meant to be seen in direct sunlight, which would probably make them more or less disappear. She convinced herself that she could keep the shirt under control for the short walk to the gallery and back; she closed her room's door behind her, carrying only her room key, wallet and phone in a small tote bag.
Though the walk along the sidewalk had been the thing she was most worried about, once she was on her way she relaxed, noticing several women showing considerably more skin on their way to or from the beach than she was doing. The weather cooperated as well, allowing the shirttails to stay put. "This is turning out to be a pretty mild adventure," she said to herself, a little disappointed. She was at the gallery in less than 5 minutes and spent a few minutes studying the paintings in the window, particularly the landscapes with the nude woman.
The gallery owner greeted her enthusiastically as she entered his shop, "Hello! Welcome to the Martner Gallery, I'm Arthur. I'm glad to see you came to have a look at my paintings."
"Hi, I'm Kristen, pleased to meet you, though I suppose technically we met last night. Are these all your work?" asked Kristen, "I like them very much; they look unearthly but beautiful, particularly the series of the nude on the rocky landscape."
"Ah, yes, those are dear to me. The model was my wife, as well as my muse. Since I lost her I haven't been able to do more paintings in that style. I do still visit the setting, Halibut Point, and remember our times there."
"I'm sorry to hear that, they're wonderful, " Kristen said, "Are you still painting other subjects?
"Yes, the other landscapes you see are mostly recent. I still enjoy painting, just not the way I did before. But enough about an old man's memories - do you see anything you'd like on display? I can give you a 30% discount."
"That's very generous," Kristen replied, "but still more than my budget allows when the original price on the nudes is $1,000. I'm sure they are priced fairly, I just can't afford one. Maybe if I come back another year..."
"Would it make a difference if the discount was 50%?"
"That's very kind, but I'm sorry, I just can't spend that much right now."
"I'd particularly like you to have one of that series," he said, pausing a moment before continuing, "The thing is, you remind me very much of my wife when she was your age. If you can't afford to buy one, would you consider posing for me in the same setting in exchange for one painting of your choice?"
Kristen felt herself blushing as she answered, "I'm flattered you would offer me such a deal but I don't think that would be possible. Besides the fact that we're only in town another day and a half, I can't imagine myself posing nude out in the open like that." In fact, she was now having a hard time thinking of anything else, mostly with nervousness but with a more than a little bit of curiosity.
"I would actually only need a few hours of your time since I paint in my studio from photos taken at the setting. As for the nudity, when I visit the setting of my Olivia's nudes these days, I rarely encounter anyone else, and when I do they can be seen coming a long way off. If you can't bear to pose nude, I'd still offer a 70% discount for a photo session. If you CAN do it, I'll send you one of the new paintings from our work together, in addition to giving you your choice today of the original series."
Kristen had forgotten all about her original reason for visiting the gallery; she was amazed at how her attempt to complete Dave's dare to go shopping wearing not a whole lot had turned into a wholly unexpected offer to be a model wearing even less. "Arthur, I'm tempted, but I need some time to think about it. In the meantime, would you mind taking a couple pictures of me here in the gallery with my phone for me to send to my husband? He didn't think I'd actually dare go shopping dressed the way I was last night when we met you, so I need some proof."
"I'd be happy to," Arthur replied, "Though I seem to remember you having many fewer buttons fastened when we met."
"You have an excellent memory, thanks for the reminder. I'm sure my husband would say I didn't complete the dare if I didn't exactly match last night's look, he's a stickler for accuracy," Kristen replied as she began to unbutton her shirt. As she reached the last two buttons her hands began shaking; she looked towards the door to be sure Arthur would be the only one to see her with the shirt completely open in front. Looking straight at the phone's lens, she opened the shirttails far enough to make clear just what she was and was not wearing other than the shirt.
"There, I think we have some good shots for your husband. He's a lucky fellow," said Arthur after taking a dozen or so shots with her phone, including the last few with her back to the camera and the shirt dropped down well off her shoulders.
She took back her phone, reviewed the photos and picked out a couple to send in a text to Dave with a simple message: "Shopping with minimal covering accomplished. I hope you're having fun on your boat..."
Seconds later came his reply: "Damn. Looks like more fun where you are. As usual. xoxoox"
Despite wondering if telling him was a good idea, she texted back: "Man we met last night with dog owns gallery, is a painter. Has asked me to pose for him...what do you think"
"Pose how"
"On some rocky outcrop overlooking ocean near here."
"Wearing?"
"Like pix I just sent. Or maybe less."
"Less?"
"He'd prefer Naked"
"I bet. How about you?"
"Not sure, but maybe...is it okay?"
"Yes, if you want. Love you. Signal fading"
"xoxooxo" she replied.
After a few minutes with no response, Kristen put her phone away in her tote bag. She couldn't believe she'd forgotten her shirt was completely open the whole time she'd been exchanging texts with Dave, but now that she wasn't focused on texting she realized that with the shirt so far off her shoulders she was basically naked in front other than her sheer panties. She pulled the shirt back in place and buttoned up the bottom four buttons, leaving the top three undone.
Arthur had left her alone to consider his offer, retreating behind a sales counter and checking to be sure his camera had a fully charged battery. Kristen came over to him and asked, "If I say yes, exactly when would this photo session take place?"
"We could go to Halibut Point right away if you are free for a few hours this afternoon. I'm ready, my camera is ready, if you're ready we can go now."
"Don't you have to keep the gallery open?"
Making a show of turning the sign in the door from the OPEN side to CLOSED, he smiled and said, "It's okay, the boss and I go way back!"
Despite having already decided to at least go ahead with the barely dressed photoshoot option, Kristen was still surprised to hear herself say to Arthur, "Okay, I guess you've got yourself a model, let's go!"
Ten minutes later, Kristen and Arthur each took a seat on one of those buses fitted out to look like an old-time trolley. She had expected Arthur to drive to Halibut Point, but he explained that the trolley route took him everywhere he needed to go and came by every 20 minutes during business hours. "Most of the time it's just like this," he said, pointing at the empty seats; "considering how difficult parking is in Rockport, this is just easier." The entire 15 minutes it took to get to Halibut Point they only shared the bus with two other passengers.
After about a 15 minute hike from the bus stop along a mostly flat trail, Kristen and Arthur emerged from the woods to see an expanse of slabs and boulders extending several hundred yards down to the ocean and at least as far to the left and right of where they stood at the end of the trail. Kristen was thrilled to be in the same wild landscape seen in Arthur's paintings; it felt like she'd stepped into one of them. Arthur led her to a spot a few hundred feet to the right of where they had left the trail, saying, "This should be far enough off the more popular routes down to the ocean to not be bothered by any spectators."
"SPECTATORS?" Kristen shouted, "I thought you said you didn't see other people here when you visited?"
"Practically never over here," he replied, "what few people come here at all almost all head over to the left. There was one time, out of maybe 100 visits, someone came close enough to really see Olivia naked, but he stayed a respectful distance away and we carried on without incident."
"I'm sorry, Arthur, but I thought this would be more secluded, this is so...open. I don't think I can pose naked here. I thought I could but now that I hear you talking about spectators and strange men viewing your naked wife from a respectful distance, whatever THAT might be, I don't think so."
"Can we at least sit a while and enjoy the setting?" Arthur asked.
"Of course," Kristen said as she sat down on the edge of a large stone slab. "It is beautiful here, in an eerie way. I can see why this place appeals to you as a setting. Your paintings do capture the otherworldly feel of the place."
"I'm glad you got to see it in person, you seem to get what I tried to convey in my series featuring Olivia, so I'm not surprised to hear how you appreciate this place."
They sat quietly for what seemed like a long time. Kristen chose to lie on her back and enjoyed the sun warming her face and legs.
"Would you mind me photographing you as you are?" Arthur eventually asked.
"Sure, why not," Kristen replied. Arthur took several dozen shots from all sorts of angles and distances.
"That's a lot of shots of me just lying here, would you like me to change positions?" she asked.
"If you wouldn't mind, that would be great." he replied, "Just do some stretches, hands on hips, fingers locked behind your head, whatever feels good..."
As she went through a dozen or more poses, holding each long enough for Arthur to get shots from several angles, Kristen started to relax and enjoy herself. They had been in their location for over an hour and hadn't seen or heard any evidence any other people even knew Halibut Point existed. They were becoming a two-person universe, with her at its center. She was getting warmer, almost too warm; undoing a few buttons seemed reasonable enough given their seclusion. She left her shirt's very bottom button fastened; the added ventilation along with the occasional cool gust of wind from the ocean felt invigorating, and if Arthur happened to get a glimpse of her breasts, it wouldn't be the end of the world.
Kristen wondered if Olivia had felt the same things when posing here that she was beginning to; the heat of the sun-drenched stone, the cool ocean breezes, the sense of freedom, of being one with nature, an acceptance of her own vulnerability. "Of course, she must have done, even more than me, being nude!" she thought. She wasn't ready to strip completely, but began to feel that her flip-flops were keeping her from being connected with the stone. She slipped her feet out of them, picked them up and dropped them into her tote bag. The warmth of the stone on the soles of her feet proved her theory; the less there was separating her from the stone, the wind and the sky the better.
Still aware of Arthur circling her and hearing his occasional suggestions, she turned away from him and motioned for him to stay behind her. He was rewarded for following her direction by the sight of her lifting the shirttail which had covered her ass, revealing her sheer panties. He just had time to document this unveiling with a few shots before she hooked her thumbs into the waistband of her panties, first sliding the flimsy garment down over her ass, then further, down her thighs, accompanied all the way by the clicking of his camera. Letting the panties drop to the stone slab, she stepped out of them and tried to kick them towards her tote bag, but a sudden gust of wind carried them off like a runaway kite, too far away to bother chasing after.
A part of her consciousness still was fighting a losing battle to bring Kristen back into line, back to being the kind of woman who'd never, ever strip naked in full view of anyone who might wander by, and certainly not allow, even invite, a near stranger to photograph her nakedness. Kristen could still hear her sensible side and couldn't argue with its many objections to her current behavior, but she knew the strange, overwhelming energy of this place and her need to feel it as fully as possible were going to win this battle. She shivered at the realization that she couldn't stop herself, she had to be completely naked. Now.
Kristen shuddered as her shirt's last button came loose, feeling a surge of energy as she faced the gusts coming from the ocean and spread her arms wide, fully revealing to Arthur and his camera what little her panties had hidden. Another, more insistent surge flowed through her as she shrugged her shirt off her shoulders and pointed her arms back behind her. The strongest jolt yet hit her as her shirt filled like a sail behind her and began a slow slide down her outstretched arms. As it was carried completely off her arms by the strongest gust of all, leaving her finally, joyously naked, a shock like nothing she'd ever felt surged through her from head to toe and back again several times; an orgasm, to be sure, but unlike any she'd experienced before. Unsteady on her legs, she sat down, then rolled over onto her back, one knee raised. She shielded her eyes from the sun's glare with her left arm while resting her right hand on her belly.
Arthur only paused his photography long enough to retrieve her shirt from where it had snagged on the edge of a neighboring slab, resuming his work with the camera once he'd dropped the shirt in the tote bag. Kristen kept her eyes closed, content to bask in the sun and listen to Arthur's activity, the gulls, the wind and the surf. After a few minutes, she heard a new sound - a woman's voice calling out Arthur's name! Startled out of her dreamy afterglow by the sound of this new arrival, she sat up and opened her eyes; she was shocked to see a tall, lean silver-haired woman approaching their position!
"There you are, finally," the woman said to Arthur, "The note you left for me at the gallery only mentioned you going to Halibut Point, I should have known you'd be in our favorite spot. You must introduce me to your new model."
"Of course," said Arthur; "Kristen, I'd like you to meet Olivia, my wife. Olivia, this is Kristen, who has been kind enough to pose for me."
"Pleased to meet you, Kristen. I'm so glad to see Arthur has finally found a model to inspire him again. She's lovely, Arthur, a worthy subject."
"Uh, hello...pleased to meet you," said Kristen, thinking it was more than a little weird to be so formally introduced to anyone while naked, "though I'm confused, I thought Arthur told me you'd died..."
"Ah, it's my fault, I think," said Arthur, "I probably said something about losing her, when I was only speaking about losing her as my model."
"I'd reached a point where I felt like being done with it; it seemed to me that 25 years posing naked was enough!" Olivia said.
"The paintings of you, they're beautiful," replied Kristen.
Olivia smiled at Kristen, then turned to Arthur and said, "Sorry to change the subject, but I've interrupted your session to remind you about your appointment at 5:30; if you leave now you still can make it."
"But I wanted to take some more photos of Kristen near one of the tide pools closer to the ocean." he said, sounding very disappointed; "could you take care of that, Olivia? You know the kind of thing I'm looking for, and you're really better than me with the camera anyway.
"Sure, if it's okay with Kristen," said Olivia.
Despite being a little unsettled by the sudden change, Kristen agreed to continue with Olivia, happy to be able to get to know the woman in the paintings she had been admiring. The two women said goodbye to Arthur, who handed off the camera to Olivia, grabbed his tote bag and hurried off to catch the bus back to Rockport.
"This shouldn't take too long, I know what Arthur wants," Olivia said.
The rest of the photo session went quickly, with Kristen already comfortable in her naked state. Olivia quickly led her through a series of poses at the edge of a tide pool. Kristen was a little startled at the sight of her naked reflection when Olivia had her lean over and look into the pool, but actually enjoyed the sight. They were finished in less than an hour.
As the two women hiked the 200 or so yards back to where the first part of her photo shoot had happened, Kristen noticed a small group of hikers, fairly far off to her right. She knew they weren't close enough to see her in detail, but as she studied them she was certain she would have easily been able to tell if they were naked, so she assumed they could tell she was! While she didn't exactly think she wanted the others to have a good look at her, she was surprised to find she wasn't bothered by the idea! She couldn't help wondering if she was a topic of conversation for their group, and if so, what they might be saying. Seeing the others slowly getting closer, she realized they all were converging on the same trail entrance; she was torn between hurrying to her tote bag and getting herself covered by Dave's shirt as soon as possible or taking her time and letting the others get a closer look at her before she dressed.
"Olivia? I'm sorry, without my shoes I can't go as fast as you on these rocks, can you slow down a little?" Kristen asked. The other group was now close enough to tell they were two women and two men, all now looking Kristen's way; she was sure her heart skipped a beat or two when one of the men smiled and waved to her, but she couldn't resist returning the greeting! The foursome disappeared into the woods just before Olivia and Kristen reached the setting for the most intense part of her photo shoot. Kristen smiled as she took one last look around. When she finally reached her tote bag and looked inside, she looked confused, then horrified; her flip flops, wallet and cell phone were right where she had left them, but her shirt was nowhere to be found!
"What the fuck...where's my shirt?" Kristen shouted, "I'm sure I heard Arthur tell me he'd recovered it, and I remember seeing it sticking out of a bag; it must have been HIS bag...how am I going to get back to my hotel now? She grabbed her phone and called Dave, but only got his voicemail. "Dave, PLEASE call as soon as you get this, I need your help!" she pleaded. Her heart raced as she pictured herself having to walk several blocks through a busy part of Rockport to get from the bus stop to her hotel wearing only a pair of flip-flops, hours before sunset. Even that nightmarish scenario would only be possible if she was allowed on the bus, no sure thing in her current state.
Olivia gently said, "I'm so sorry, Arthur must have been too absorbed in his work to notice he'd put the shirt in the wrong bag. He'll be back in the gallery by now, or will be soon; between him and your husband we'll figure something out. In any case, we should probably head back towards the bus stop."
Kristen's mind reeled at the thought of having to make the hike back to the park's entrance naked; most of the trail was lined with thorny bushes, too sparse to provide much cover; once on the trail, she would have no way to avoid close encounters with any other hikers. She tried Dave's phone again and Olivia tried to call Arthur, but neither was able to get through.
Luckily enough, the only other hikers Kristen and Olivia crossed paths with were the four she had already been seen by. This encounter was considerably more embarrassing for Kristen since the foursome was taking a break at the side of the trail as she approached, forcing her to pass by just a few feet away from them. She thought about asking one of the men if she could borrow or buy his shirt, but the glares she was receiving from the two women and the way the two men were carefully avoiding looking in her direction made it clear that she wasn't likely to get any help from this group.
For better or worse, she and Olivia reached the bus stop without meeting any other hikers.
Kristen kept as far back in the bus shelter as possible to minimize her exposure to passing cars, but still was hoping to find a passerby willing to sell her the shirt off their back before the next bus arrived. She thought she might get lucky when a trio of cyclists came into sight; she forced herself to step out of the shelter onto the road's shoulder and flagged them down. The three women stopped their bikes and listened to Kristen's tale of woe, but all her last-ditch effort to obtain some cover accomplished was to give several car and truck drivers a good look at her as she was standing at the side of the road talking with the cyclists; none of them were wearing anything under their jerseys, so they wished her luck and moved on. Watching them disappear around a curve, Kristen saw a bus approaching.
"I can't believe this is happening; I'm about to ride a bus totally nude with no idea how to get to any kind of cover when I get off," she thought to herself, "pretty amazing considering all I had in mind when I left our hotel was doing a little skimpily dressed shopping."
Olivia told Kristen to hang back while she talked to the driver, "I ride these buses all the time so I know most of the drivers pretty well, maybe I can get him to do you a favor." Kristen was happy to hover behind Olivia as she greeted the driver and explained Kristen's predicament. The driver smiled and nodded, motioning for the two to come aboard the empty bus and take a seat. As the bus started to move Olivia explained, "He's agreed to make an extra stop right in front of our gallery, so you'll only have to dash a few feet to get off the street."
Kristen shouted, "Thank you so much!" to the driver.
"No, thank you!" he shouted back, grinning in the mirror. "You're definitely the high point of my shift!"
Kristen smiled at the driver and blushed as she called Dave one more time. He picked up! "Where are you?" she shouted over the sounds of the bus.
"Just got off the boat, I saw you left a voicemail but this call came through before I got to open it. What's up? Are you done with your photo shoot? I want to hear all about it!"
"Long story, no time to explain, but I need you to go to the hotel and get some clothes for me, I don't have any right now and the bus I'm riding in is about 11 minutes away from dropping me off across the street from the gallery. If you can meet the bus with something for me to wear, I can get dressed on the bus, but the driver says he can't wait if you're not there, so I'd have to streak across the street to the gallery and wait for you there."
"Wait, back up, what do you mean you don't have any clothes now?" Dave shouted.
"Check the text I just sent you," Kristen replied.
"Holy shit!" shouted Dave as the naked selfie of Kristen sitting in the bus came up on his phone's screen, "Are you okay?"
"Yeah, I'm fine other than having a dozen or so people see me this way. Just to be clear, this wasn't planned."
"No?" Dave asked.
"NO! ABSOLUTELY NOT!" Kristen replied.
"It just seems like something you might enjoy, that's all."
"Okay, it hasn't all been bad, if you must know, but I definitely didn't get into this mess on purpose. Can you just hurry, please?" Kristen pleaded.
"On my way, I'll be there as soon as I can!"
After the phone call was over, Kristen thought about Dave's comment about this misadventure being something she would enjoy; she had to admit that she had enjoyed some of it, maybe even most of it if she was being honest. She wondered if Dave was going to be able to get to her bus stop with clothes in time, and imagined what she'd have to do if he couldn't. "Get off the bus naked and streak across the street?" she thought to herself, "At least it's not a long way, it'll probably only take me a few seconds." She smiled, thinking about how far she'd already traveled today without any clothes; surely a few dozen feet more wouldn't make much difference.
Olivia startled Kristen out of her thoughts, tapping her on her shoulder and saying, "There's our gallery up ahead on the left, we'll be stopping soon. I don't know what your husband looks like, can you see him?"
Kristen looked up and down the sidewalk, but didn't see Dave anywhere, "No, I don't see him," she said, "maybe there just wasn't enough time."
The bus stopped; the driver opened the door and looked back to Kristen and Olivia, saying, "I'm sorry ladies, but if he's not here I can't wait, traffic is backing up already." Olivia headed for the door, closely followed by Kristen. Olivia stepped off onto the sidewalk. Kristen hesitated, scanning the sidewalk once more to see if Dave was in sight; she needed to know whether her next move was going to be her choice or beyond her control. Standing on the last step inside the bus she finally saw him, about half a block away and running at top speed, clutching her sundress in one hand. She felt her pulse quicken as she made her choice.
She smiled at him as she stepped off the bus and turned to cross the street!
"She saw me coming, why didn't she stay on the bus?" Dave wondered for just a second, then he understood, "Of course she got off the bus, duh." He knew there was nothing he could do now but stop and enjoy the show, so he stopped running and took out his phone to record her trip across the street.
As Kristen turned away from Dave and her opportunity to end her exposure, time seemed to slow to a crawl; her breathing was ragged, her legs felt like lead and she could barely hear anything over the sound of her pulse pounding in her head. After an eon of 10 seconds or so, the sound of cars stuck behind the bus leaning on their horns snapped her back to her current reality. The bus driver waited patiently as she shakily stepped off the curb and crossed in front of his bus. A quick wave from Kristen to a car on the other side of the street trying to inch past the bus was enough to stop traffic from that direction. Dave watched her work her way across the street towards the gallery, where Olivia was holding the door open for her.
Kristen walked as fast as her flip-flops allowed.