Under My Thumb
I was surprised when Joe called me up and invited me out for a bear. We had run in the same circles since junior high, played on the same adult softball teams and basketball teams, but never had either of us called the other. I am sure we liked each other and if I walked into a gin joint and saw Joe at the bar, I would not hesitate to sit next to him. Even my wife Angie, was surprised that Joe had invited me out for a beer.
Joe was sitting at a corner table when I walked in with a pitcher of beer and a couple of mugs in front of him. I sat down and Joe poured a couple of beers and handed me a mug.
He smiled and said, "You are wondering why I invited you out for a beer. We have probably known each other for the better part of 20 years, and I cannot recall either of us ever calling the other. Rather odd, don't you think."
I laughed, "Even Angie said the same thing. I cannot imagine why though. And I can't imagine why you called this time."
Joe took a big gulp of his beer, almost emptying the mug and said, "I do not want to be the one telling you this, but Angie has been cheating on you with most of your friends and at least half the softball team."
My blood began to boil, and I wanted to reach out and punch him.
Joe refilled our glasses and said, "We have never been the closest of friends but friends we are, and I could not continue to think of you as a friend and not tell you."
It all became clear to me, the way she acted with some of the team while we were having beers after a game. The way she carried on with some of the guys. The overly familiar touching.
I finished off my glass and thanked him. I turned to him as I was getting ready to leave and decided to leave one question unasked, but he read my mind.
"No, I didn't because I do not fuck other men's wives."
When I got home, Angie had already packed her suitcases and was loading them into the car. She followed me into the house. She could see by the red in my eyes that I knew.
She said, "I assumed that was why Joe called. I am not sure when he figured it out, but he confronted me last week. He wanted to give me a chance to tell you, but in the end, I was not brave enough. I do want to apologize, and I still cannot believe I let it happen. I love you more than anything in the world and you were my greatest lover."
She had tears in her eyes as she spoke, but I told her to get the fuck out.
The following year was tough. Not only the divorce and unwinding the financials of our marriage, but I had to find a whole new set of friends. Joe was always going to remain in my inner circle.
What bothered me the most was the other women, either married on in significant relationships, that were hitting on me. One woman showed up at my door with nothing on under her coat and she assured me it was okay because her husband knew she was there. The world had gone mad.
The actual divorce was easy. Angie did not put up a fight. My job as a chemist paid very well and most of our assets were mine from before the marriage. On the way out of the meeting with the lawyers, Angie again apologized and said she was not going to offer any excuses to explain her behavior because none could justify it. She again told me that I was her greatest lover and was going to miss me between the sheets. I wanted to scream that if I was so good, why the fuck did you have to fuck someone else and why the fuck did it have to be my friends and teammates. But I just turned and walked away.
Things started getting easier after the first year. I still had not dated any one and had no interest in any kind of relationship. Joe and I joined a new softball team, and we occasionally played our old team. Sometimes Angie would be at those games, never with anyone else, but I would see her in the stands. I ignored my old friends during those games, but one time, the man who I would have considered my best friend was playing second. I decided to steal second and while sliding in, I left my foot just high enough so that it nailed him right on his shin. Poor slob ended up with a broken ankle. Now in normal times, a slide like that would have resulted in a bench clearing brawl, but no one from his team made a move. My current teammates were already on the field. One guy from his team got up and helped him off the field.
Towards the end of the summer, a coworker invited me over for a barbecue and pool party. I was desperate for a good excuse not to go but he had planned his move very well. The party was going to be a mix of his and his wife's coworkers. The wife was a nurse so there would be a lot of "available" women there, his words.
I had not finished my first beer when they introduced me to Jackie. Sweet little Italian girl and extremely attractive.
As our host walked away, Jackie said, "I will kill her Monday morning and I apologize for putting you in this situation."
"No apologies needed," I said, "just let me know when you're going to take her out and I'll shoot him at the same time."
She laughed and then we both laughed, and we continued laughing over the next hour. We laughed about our exes; her ex was a doctor who fucked all the other nurses of the hospital floor where she worked. She ended up having to find a new job. I told her about mine and my softball team. We agreed that a new team was easier than a new job.
We laughed about our coworkers. Mine, mostly chemists like myself, were the picture of corporate America, racially diverse mix of men and women and all generally nerdy. Jackie was a registered nurse and worked for an oncology practice. The doctors were all white and older, sitting around discussing their vacation homes in Europe. Most of the nurses were younger, about the same age as Jackie and were wearing very skimpy thong bikinis as they frolicked in the pool. One of the nurses, Stacy, could have been Jackie's twin. The only person of color in her group was the black janitor who had to be the oldest person there. The clichés went on from there.
Neither of us had planned to stay long and we brought nothing to swim in. I was getting ready to make my excuses when Jackie started her goodbyes. As we were walking out to our cars, I joked that we were giving our coworkers something to talk about. She suggested that we really give them something to talk about, so I invited her to my place for a glass of wine and she accepted.
We were barely in the door before we started kissing which led to some wandering hands. It had been too long since I touched someone besides myself. The kissing turned into stripping off our clothes in the living room. Jackie kept saying she could not believe she was doing this. Once my shorts were off, she pushed me onto my butt on the couch. She straddled me after her panties hit the floor, grabbed my cock and lined it up with her entrance. She was wet. Jackie slowly began to lower herself onto my dick, repeating like a mantra that she could not believe she was doing this.
Once I was all the way in, I felt her shudder in orgasm and her mantra changed to "thank god I'm doing this." I took the opportunity to remove her blouse and bra and began to lick and suck her nipples which elicited a fresh set of moans. Slowly she began to work herself up and down on my cock. Her pussy was so wet I could feel her juices dripping onto my thighs. Neither of us lasted long and she collapsed on top of me. It felt so good to have my arms wrapped around a naked woman.
It was weird fucking someone besides Angie. We were married for six years so it had to be eight or more years since I had sex with someone else. I was not sure what to do. After sex with Angie, I would tell her I loved her and whisper soft nothings into her ear, which usually ended up in round two. That did not seem appropriate here. I certainly was not going to tell Jackie I loved her. There was always that doubt that Angie was fucking around because there was something missing from our lovemaking, despite her repeated assertions that I was the best she ever had.
But as I felt her breast against my chest and ran my hands over her ass, the launch sequence for round two was beginning. Jackie sensed the hardness returning to my cock and purred. I suggested we use the bed this time.
Once on the bed, we fell into a missionary position for a slow sensual fuck. It felt nice, soft gentle kisses with slow thrusts. I felt Jackie shudder again and she started repeating, "thank god I'm doing this." I began to pick up the pace and I felt her shudder again. Old habits die hard, and as I would do with Angie, I pinned her hands over her head and started slamming my cock into her. It had been over a year since I fucked, and this felt so good. At some point we rolled over and Jackie again took charge. Instead of the slow gentle pace she used before, now she was slamming herself down onto my cock and grinding herself against me. Again, we came together, but this time we fell asleep in each other's arm.
We were both parched when we awoke, and Jackie asked about that glass of wine I had offered. Together we headed to my kitchen still naked. I ordered a pizza as we took our glasses and sat in the living room and chatted about sex. Jackie's husband was her first and only. She had gone out for a revenge fuck when she learned that he had been cheating on her, but it felt wrong, so she sent the poor guy home frustrated. Angie was not my first, but number of women I met who were so willing to cheat on the spouses left me uninterested.
The pizza guy came while we were chatting. I scrambled to find my shorts, but Jackie slipped my t-shirt on and said she will get it. The t-shirt left a couple of inches of her ass cheeks visible, and her nipples were clearly on display. After opening the door, she reached over to grab her purse pulling up the back of the t-shirt exposing more of her ass. I could see all her charms from my view and could only imagine what the poor kid delivering the pizza could see. She left the t-shirt up as she walked back into the room. From the front, I could see her pussy hairs below as she headed into the kitchen.
Since I was still naked, she could tell her little display had my cock rock hard.
She grabbed my cock and whispered into my ear, "I think daddy liked me flashing the pizza boy."
I pushed her down over the table and slammed my cock into her pussy. We fucked like that, her grunting.
She said, "You like me flashing my stuff around don't you daddy."
"Yes, and my little bad girl needs a good fuck."
"I do need a good fuck daddy, keep fucking me like this and I'll flash my ass all the time."
After that session, we took a shower, heated the pizza and finished another bottle of wine. Jackie was too sore to fuck again so I licked her to another orgasm, and we fell asleep.
The bed next to me was empty the next morning. I got up and found Jackie searching for her clothes in the living room and getting dressed. There was a complete change in her demeanor from the night before.
She looked at my nakedness and said, "God, don't you ever wear clothes?"
"What's going on Jackie?"
"Nothing, I should have never done this, I am sorry," and she walked out the door.
No exchange of numbers. No kiss goodbye. She just left. I was thinking the term "psycho kitten" was appropriate.
A couple of days later I ran into the host of the barbecue. He said he heard that Jackie and I had a great time Saturday night. I was confused until he explained.
"All the nurses share their sexual experiences over lunch or coffee. It took me awhile to get used to it and I am not sure I really am. Knowing our sex life will be discussed amongst her friends over coffee is intimidating. On the bright side, it spurs my wife to me more creative in the bedroom so I cannot complain too much."
"What did Jackie say about me?"
"From what I heard from my wife, you are well endowed and know how to use it. You guys fucked in in a host of positions in several rooms of your house including the dining room table. She was so sore the next morning she could barely walk. And you really liked when she answered the door in a t-shirt."
I was going to ask him if he knew why she left the way she did, but he already knew too much of my personal life.
Jackie called me during the week and apologized for leaving the way she did. She really liked Saturday and her fears about getting involved with someone had her upset. She offered to take me out to dinner on Friday to make up for her behavior and I accepted.
That was the beginning of our roller coaster ride. When I picked her up on Friday, she was wearing a very short skirt that showed off her curves. She was braless as her nipples were visible through the thin. I opened the door of me Jeep for her, and she flashed me her panties as she climbed in. The skirt was so short I do not think she had any choice. I decided to valet the Jeep to see if she would flash the kid when she got out. I am assuming she did by the look on his face.
We really had a good time over dinner, and I could tell our waiter was enjoying the view down Jackie's dress which kept falling forward exposing her tits, not to mention the view of her legs. I had asked about the coffee break sex talk of her co-workers. She was embarrassed to discuss it but finally admitted to it. She said that kind of talk started long before she joined that practice, and this was the first time she had anything worth sharing. Halfway through dinner, Jackie excused herself to use the lady's room. When she came back, she dropped her panties off in my lap.
The valet helped her into the Jeep, and I could only imagine what he saw. After she got situated, she reached over and grabbed my cock.
She said, "I think I gave him a nice tip and I think someone else likes when I flash."
My cock was rock hard. She leaned back and pulled the dress over her head, spread her legs and began to play with her pussy.
"Is daddy going to fuck me good and hard again because I flashed the valet. I am not sure I can wait until I get home. Flashing always makes me so wet."
She licked her fingers and went back to stroking her clit. My jeep was pretty high so it was unlikely that anyone would see in. I knew we would pass the softball fields on the way back to her place and they would be deserted this time of night, so I pulled in. While she was still in the Jeep, I started licking her pussy until she came. Then I scooped her up and laid her on the bleachers and began to fuck her. As soon as I entered her, she shuddered in an orgasm. We switched positions a few times. We both saw the dogwalker at the same time.
Jackie shouted, "Your cock is so big and hard! I love it!"
The dogwalker scurried away and I was soon coming deep inside Jackie. After catching her breath, she said she was cold, so we got back into the Jeep. I was expecting her to invite me in when we got back to her place, but her roommate was home. She gave me a peck on the cheek, slipped on her dress and went inside.
Every month I must visit our corporate headquarters on the other side of the planet which usually takes me away from home for a week. I always left on a Wednesday, and I was scheduled to fly out on the upcoming Wednesday. I tried calling Jackie several times, but my calls went straight to voice mail and she never called me back. "Psycho kitten" again, although she did tell her co-workers what great sex we had at the ballfields.
While I was in Germany, I received a text that she was upset because I did not invite her back to my place.
And that is the way our life progressed over the next few months; great sex followed by some perceived slight.
Some examples:
I slapped her ass once when she was leaning over the table. It looked scrumptious. She said that was demeaning to women and left.
I walked away from her in the parking lot of a big box store, and she said I did not care about her personnel safety.
We were sitting at a bar watching a band play. Jackie said I had my back to her through most of the evening and she felt ignored. I was watching the band which is why we went there in the first place. I treated her like she was in some lower caste.
Twice, she got up and left in the middle of sex. The first time, I was fucking her from behind and gave her ass cheek a slap. She turned around and yelled something about being treated like an animal, put her clothes on and stormed out. Angie loved that and would usually ask me to slap her ass harder.
The second time was after one of her flashing episodes. She was on fire when we got back to my place and while fucking her, I called her a horny little slut. She tried to slap me, but I blocked it and again she stormed out of my house.
The makeup sex after some of these events was fantastic. One night she came over in just her coat. On another, she came over in her cheerleader's outfit from high school.
Mixed in with this relationship garbage were her subtle hints about moving in. Her roommate was getting married in the summer and she would not be able to afford the apartment on her own. Her relationship with the roommate had also soured. They barely spoke and Jackie had told me she was not going to the wedding. I did not want her moving in with me, so I ignored the hints.
Although the makeup sex was good, it was beginning to feel like I was apologizing too frequently for these perceived slights. Sometimes I wondered if I was really that insensitive. One night I awoke from a nightmare where I was repeating "I'm sorry" repeatedly.
I was also bothered by Jackie's coworkers. I would occasionally join them for happy hour on Friday. Mostly the younger nurses would attend and sometimes with their boyfriends or husbands. On Friday's, the nurses would wear their white nurse uniforms with little girls' underwear visible through the thin fabric. You could clearly see the little hearts, rainbows, or unicorns. Jackie said it gave some of their older patients a thrill. I always believed the nurses were hitting on me, especially Stacy, the nurse who looked like Jackie. Jackie said they probably were, and she knew Stacy wanted me. The janitor would show up a couple of hours later and he seemed overly friendly with the nurses, even when their significant others were there.
The whole relationship with the janitor was odd. Jackie wore a devil's costume to the office on Halloween. God, she looked hot. The thin material of the costume left nothing to the imagination. Jackie said the janitor kept following her around announcing that she was giving him a woody while grabbing his crotch. I worked for a big corporation and if anybody did anything close to that they would be fired in a heartbeat. According to Jackie, everyone thought it was funny. I did not find it funny. Jackie said I was jealous and overreacting and left.
Although I was looking for a way to end the relationship, the rollercoaster ride lasted until spring. I spend a lot of time each spring working in my garden, and it dries out my hands. Jackie began repeatedly claiming my hands were too rough for her sensitive skin and it was really putting a damper on our sex life. One night, she left because I was hurting her too much and I did not care how sensitive her skin is. I came up with a plan.
Jackie came over the following Friday night in her nurse's outfit with little girl panties and training bra. She had her hair done up in pigtails. We sucked down a few glasses of wine over dinner and then she sat on my lap and asked if daddy would like to put his little girl to bed. When we got into my room, she stripped down to her bra and panties and started sucking my dick. I was enjoying using her pigtails as handles as I slid my cock into her throat. She could not take all of me, but she was trying.
I did not want to come yet so I lifted her up onto the bed, stripped of her panties and went down on her. I also put on a pair of surgical gloves so my rough skin would not hurt her. With some lube, I eased a couple of fingers into her ass. Jackie always loved my fingers in her ass, but she absolutely refused to let me fuck her there. With the surgical gloves, two fingers slid all the way in easily as Jackie began to grind her ass onto my hand. My fingers could not go any deeper. I took my other glove hand and with two fingers, began to stroke the entrance to her pussy. I did not push them all the way in, just up and down at the entrance. It was not long before Jackie was bucking wildly in bed and trying to pull my hand away from her pussy, but I was too strong for her. She was moaning and screaming "oh my god" and occasionally, "please stop." But I did not. I knew she was on the threshold of a strong orgasm, and I was not letting up. In the middle of a loud "oh my god," Jackie began squirting all over the place. Each stroke of my fingers sent another squirt across the room. Angie would come like that so often we had to put a waterproof mattress cover on the bed and fortunately it was still there.
After stopping my strokes of Jackie's entrance and removing my fingers from her ass, I laid back on the bed with my eyes shut, doing a mental victory lap. With my eyes shut, I did not see the slap coming. She hit me hard, right across the face. I jumped up ready to punch her.
Jackie was gathering her things, shouting "I asked you to stop."
I told her, "Get the fuck out before I do something I'll regret."
On Monday morning I still had some of her handprint on my face and became the butt of many jokes at work. I discussed the whole relationship is with my best friend Joe. He said I was "relationship whipped." I asked if he meant pussy whipped.
Joe said, "No. You're a good-looking guy and I'm sure you could easily maintain a regular sex life. What many people long for after a divorce is the comfort of a relationship, someone to love, and someone to be with. And those people end up accepting a relationship even when it's not a heathy relationship."
Joe looked at me as I tried to take it in. I was surprised that he had such deep thoughts. I was also surprised that he was right. My relationship with Jackie was not healthy and I should have ended it a long time ago. I disagreed on one point though, I would not have put up with Jackie's shit if the sex were mediocre.
Jackie started calling me on Wednesday and I ignored her calls. I erased her voicemails without listening to them. On Friday, I was watching the Yankees opening game when I absent mindedly answered my phone and heard Jackie's voice. Fuck.
Jackie began apologizing and her words sounded so familiar, "I overreacted" "I'm so sorry" "Please let me make it up to you."
I said, "It has been a tough week. All I want to do is sit here and watch the Yankees."
"Great, I'll see you in an hour."
I have no idea how she turned "watching the Yankees" into an invite but before I could protest, she hung up.
It was a little more than an hour later when she walked into my living room. She took off her coat revealing a sexy black teddy, thigh high stockings, garters and six inch "fuck me" heels. I rubbed the bruise on my face and turned back to the game. After getting a couple of beers out of the fridge, she sat down next to me.
She started with her apologies again and I said, "Look, I told you. All I want to do tonight is watch the Yankees. It's the last game of the season and they are winning"
Jackie was quite for an inning or two while she snuggled up against me. I think if the Yankees were losing, I would have thrown her out, but it was close game, and I wanted to enjoy it.
The Yankees were still winning in the eight when she started rubbing my chest. She whispered in my ear that she brought a box of surgical gloves.
My annoyance got the better of me and I gave her a sharp slap on her naked ass shouting, "God damn it Jackie, I told you I wanted to watch this game."
Jackie apologized. I expected her to go storming off, but she stayed right there, snuggle up against me with her head on my shoulder.
Jackie waited until the game was over and I had turned off the TV before she began.
"I am sorry," she said, "nothing like that has ever happened to me before and I did not know what was happening."
"And I guess one of your coworkers explained it to you."
"Yes, I went to talk to Stacy in private hoping she would not tell anybody. She told me I was lucky and asked for your number again. At lunch, Stacy announced to everyone that I had squirted for the first time. Everyone wants your number now and the janitor was impressed."
"Wait, the janitor is involved with these sex chats at lunch?"
"Sometimes. I think Stacy and a couple of the other girls have had sex with him, but no one will admit it."
Jackie asked if we could go to bed but I said no.
"Jackie," I said, "I have been thinking that this is not a healthy relationship. Too much arguing, to many times I am apologizing for something I should not be. We should just let things end here."
Jackie got up and started pacing. My god, she looked so hot in that teddy and heels in front of the open living room window. I could feel my dick getting hard and I could tell she was holding back tears.
Finally, she spoke, "I know I have had a tough time moving on from my ex, and you have been more than patient. I also know that I need to make some attitude adjustments. Let us try one more time please. If I throw one of my bitch fits, I promise I will end our relationship myself. Please, I'll do anything?"
"Don't want to face your coworkers on Monday?"
"God no, I'll do anything, please?"
She sat down on the couch next to me and dropped her hand onto my cock.
I was still angry but with her hand on my cock, I could feel my resistance fading. So, I decided to throw what I thought was a deal breaker on the table.
I said, "Only if I can fuck your ass."
I expected her to get up and leave but she sighed and said yes. She led the way into the bedroom sashaying her ass on her heels with a box of surgical gloves in her hands.
She wanted me to make her squirt again first, but I insisted that my dick was going into her ass before anything else.
Jackie got on the bed on her hands and knees after removing her thong. Her ass looked so good. After donning a pair of gloves, I began working some lubricant into her ass and soon again had two fingers buried deep. Jackie was moaning and she had her first orgasm of the evening. I lined my cock up with her ass and tried to push it in, but she was tensing up making my progress difficult.
I told her to relax, and that she had no trouble taking my fingers. She said she was trying. I slapped her ass cheek hard, and the shock caused her to relax enough for me to get the head in. With the hard part out of the way, I began a slow back and forth, working my cock in deeper each stroke. I felt her shudder in another orgasm and while she moaned that she cannot believe she was doing this.
Once I was all the way in, I reached around with my gloved hand and started stroking the entrance to her cunt. It was not long before she started squirting again, now yelling thank god. I stopped stroking to give her a little breather and decided to push it. I gave her another slap on her ass and asked if she was going to be my little anal slut.
"Yes daddy, I'll be your little anal slut. But please don't forget to fuck my cunt and face too."
I reached down and started stoking her again and she was again spraying my sheets. Jackie never referred to it as her cunt and she would get mad if I did. She hated the term fucking her face.
She kept squirting and moaning, shouting she was my slut, my whore, my bitch and would do anything I wanted. She wanted me to beat her ass, so I took my belt to her. I had stopped stroking her while I whipped her ass, but she did not stop squirting. Finally, I let loose and filled her ass with my come. Jackie moaned an "Oh God" and collapsed on the bed.