Dave took his foot off the pedal and stepped on the brakes lightly, bringing the car to a a halt. We were now right in front of a small "paan" shack on the Bombay-Agra highway somewhere in Northern Maharashtra. It was 3 in the afternoon, and the sun was shining bright. Dave put the car in neutral and looked at me.
"You know what I want." he said.
I nodded and looked straight ahead.
"Can we..." I said tentatively, "well...can we drive a bit further so I can muster up the courage?"
"Come on, Pooja! This is the fifth shack already!" Dave said in a slightly annoyed voice.
"Yes, I know. I am sorry, but this location seems a bit risky. And the guy in the shack looks..." I turned over my shoulder to look at the shack. Dave turned and looked to and said,
"He looks what? To me, he looks old and thin. Minimum risk. And there are no other shacks, stores or houses anywhere in sight. The traffic is light too. Pooja, this is as safe as it can get."
I didn't say anything, and looked down.
"Frankly Pooja, I am starting to think this whole trip was a big mistake. What we had going online was better. Maybe we should call it off even now. I'll drop you off at your home, and maybe drive around India alone like any typical American tourist. Taj Mahal, Rajasthan, Khajuraho, Ajanta Caves, beer in South Bombay, and then back to the States. And you can do and get kick-started on your wedding shopping."
"No, Dave, please. All I am saying is, I need a little more time. Maybe half an hour. And then..." I protested.
"No! You've been using this half an hour excuse for four hours now. You know I don't like the usual Master-Slave drama like others, but you must remember, you agreed to obey me. I am going to put my foot down. I command you, do it now! Or I turn this car back, drop you in your home town, and I go my way. After all, if this simple task is so difficult for you, the rest of the trip is going to be impossible."
I sat there, conflicted. I did not want him to leave. I did want this trip. But I was scared too. And tense. But he was right. This was very simple. If I could not do this, then the rest of the trip was going to be unthinkable. I tried to psyche myself into readiness. It's a small thing, I told myself. Like ripping off a band-aid... or a wax-strip. Like jumping in the cold water and braving those first two minutes of chill. Like...
"Well?" Dave interrupted my chain of thoughts.
"OK, I'll do it. But, I have a request." I said.
"Could you please get out of the car and stand next to the door where he can see you?" I said in a pleading voice.
"Alright, since this is your first task, I will. But in the future, I make the rules, and you follow them, get it?" Dave said. He opened the door, stepped out of the car, and stood there. I took a deep breath, opened the passenger side door and stepped out too.
I slowly walked to the shack and was standing in front of the window-counter. The old man behind the counter, who was sitting on a stool, looked at me quizzically.
"One pack of big Gold Flake cigarettes and three packs of Benson & Hedges. And three bottles of water." I said to him in Hindi.
The old man reached to his right and took out the cigarette packets and plonked them in front of me. He then got up and went to the back of his shack.
"They're not cold. Is that OK?" he asked.
I had been busy craning my neck in either direction to make sure there were no pedestrians walking towards us. All I could see was Dave, leaning against the car.
"Yes, that's fine." I said. He got three bottles put them on the counter next to the cigarette packs.
"Anything else?" the old man asked. I shook my head. "That will be.... 265 rupees." and he started putting everything in a plastic bag.
And here it was. The moment of reckoning. The first step. I looked back at Dave with a pleading look on my face, almost praying that he'd tell me to just pay the man with money and get it over with. But Dave only gave me a stern look and nodded his head slightly, as if telling me to go ahead.
"Memsaab, 265 rupees." the old man reminded me again.
Memsaab.... the word made me smile a little. A word that was coined during the British rule of India to refer to British women. But now, all these decades after independence, if you used it to address a stranger, you were usually a poor person from the lower classes of Indian society. And that stranger was usually an Indian woman from the rich or upper middle class, dressed in Western clothes. And I did look like a Memsaab. I was wearing a knee length skirt which showed off my milky white calves. A t-shirt with some English gag written on it. And my hair was straight and streaked with blond highlights.
"Memsaab?" he said again, interrupting my irrelevant thoughts. I looked at him, and for the first time looked into his eyes. This was it. Enough stalling. It was now or never.
"I don't have money to pay you for this, but I have another offer if you are interested." There, I said it!
"Ug....huh?" he said confused.
"If you let me take all of this, I will take off my t-shirt and bra, and let you look at my boobs for one whole minute." Just saying it out aloud gave me goose pimples. Saying it in Hindi ('mammey' for boobs) The die was cast.
"What???" he almost shouted, and I repeated my offer in very calm words.
The old man swallowed nervously. He looked at me with renewed interest, almost checking me out. He then fixed his gaze on my ample bosom, my 34D boobs straining against the t-shirt. He then looked at Dave. Dave is a white man with a big chest and huge arms, and he stands at 6 ft 4. He looks intimidating even when he is wearing a suit. And on that day he was wearing a sleeveless t-shirt that showed off his tattoo-covered arms, and cut-off denim shorts which showed off his massive thighs.
"Won't he.... get angry?" the old man whispered.
"No, don't worry about him." I said, feeling a lot more confident. "So do we have a deal? All this for one minute of my naked boobs."
"Five minutes!" the old man found his voice and countered, holding up 5 fingers. When the study of human genomes gets advanced, I am sure scientists will find that Indians have a dominant haggling gene. Even in this situation, faced with the opportunity to see topless the sort of women he would never even get to talk to beyond a minute, the old man was haggling.
"Three minutes. Final offer." I said, holding up three fingers, suddenly enjoying this. I looked back and saw Dave laughing. He did not understand Hindi, but understood what was going on.
"OK." the old man said, and grabbed the plastic bag with my stuff in it. He then looked at a dust-covered clock on the wall and said "I will give this to you after three full minutes of your... show."
For a few seconds, I felt exhilarated, as if I had just climbed the Everest. But then reality bit me hard. As much as I had dreaded saying all this, it was the easy part. The difficult part still lay ahead. Holding up my end of the bargain. ------- I looked at Dave, and he gave me a broad smile of encouragement. I looked up and down the highway. There were no vehicles. And I looked at the old man, who was now staring at me with a very hungry look on his face. I'd better get done with this fast, I thought to myself. I reached down with my hands, and pulled my t-shirt upwards. I first pulled it slowly, stopping when the t-shirt was bunched up under my chin, showing the old man my bra-covered tits. His eyes grew wide and he opened his mouth as he stared at them.
I paused like that for two seconds and pulled the t-shirt over my head, taking it off completely. I held the t-shirt in my right hand and just stood there, suddenly aware of most of my torso being exposed. The old man could now see my flat stomach, my big bra-covered tits, my cleavage my shoulders, my belly button.
"Wow! You're so beautiful!" the old man said, but then his practical side kicked in and he reminded me, "Remember, the three minutes don't start until you take that off too."
He was right. I looked up and down the highway again many times. Still deserted. Then I reached back and unclasped my bra. The sheer weight of my tits always made sure that whenever I unclasped my bra, it fell forward instantly, hanging off my arms, bringing my tits completely into view. I heard the old man inhale loudly as he got a look at my tits. I took off the bra too, and held it in my right hand with my t-shirt.
And there I finally was. Completely topless in front of a stranger on an Indian highway. I looked back at Dave. He looked at me, smiled and nodded in approval. He then gave me the thumbs up sign. Then I noticed his gaze move from me towards the old man. Dave cocked his eyebrows and smiled again. He then looked at me and gestured me to look at the old man.
As I looked back at the shack, I saw the old man looking at me hungrily. Also, his right hand had disappeared below the counter and has moving rapidly. That's when it hit me. He was masturbating! It disgusted me and turned me on in equal measure. A horny old man that I'd have normally ignored if he had addressed me on the street to ask for the time. And here I was, topless, helping him jack off.
"Please come closer." the old man said in a breathless voice.
"Okay" I said with a smile "But no touching."
And I stepped forward, until I was resting against the wall and my boobs were hanging over the counter. From that angle, I could see the old man's dick. It was erect, medium sized, and very dark. There was a thick bush of pubic hair around it. And the old man's right hand was jerking hard at his dick.
"Ohhh.... you are so hot." the old man said as he kept staring at me and I kept staring at his dick with amusement and arousement.
That's when I heard the sound of an engine in the distance. I was about to turn around and watch when I heard Dave say in a very commanding voice,
"Don't panic. Just stay where you are. They probably won't even notice. And even if they do, I am right here."
I just stood there, as if frozen into a statue as the sound of the engine grew louder. It sounded like a truck. I was aware of every millisecond as the truck passed by. And Dave turned out to be right. The truck passed without noticing me standing there topless.
"Please memsaab....please...can I touch.... just once? Please?" the old man said in a pleading voice. "You can have anything you want from my shop. Take everything. Just let me touch those magnificent breasts once."
The hungry look on his face gave me a sense of power that I had never enjoyed before. At the same time, I felt bad for the poor man. He probably lead a joyless life. Today was going to be a day which he'd remember forever. Why not make it perfect for him by letting him touch me?
"Dave, I am going to let him touch me." I yelled to Dave to make sure he didn't take the old man's actions as aggressive and unwanted. Then I looked into the old man's eyes and nodded slowly.
He didn't need a second invitation. Right away, he jumped up from his stool, and with his right hand still jacking his dick, he stepped ahead and with his left hand, grabbed my right breast. I inhaled deeply as I felt his rough callused hands grab my tit and press it hard. I closed my eyes as he started massaging it. That's when he suddenly stopped and said
"Ahhhhhh..."
The next thing I knew, i felt something warm and sticky hit my stomach and tits. It took me a couple of seconds to register what was happening. The man was cumming! And he was cumming all over my tits. I opened my eyes and saw that sure enough, the old man was holding his dick pointed upwards, still rubbing it, and was was shooting the jizz all over my upper body. A few specks even landed on my neck and my chin.
"Yuckkkkkk!!!" I shouted and stepped back. "YOU DIRTY OLD MAN!!! HOW DARE YOU!!!"
But all I hear was laughter. Two distinct laughters. The old man and Dave were both laughing as I stumbled back, almost falling, looking at the semen all over my body.
"Sorry, memsaab." the old man finally stopped laughing and said with a lecherous smile. "I got carried away."
"Idiot!" I said and started cleaning his jizz with my t-shirt.
Meanwhile Dave, still laughing, walked towards the counter and held out his hand. The old man smiled and gave him the plastic bag. Dave took out one pack of B&H, opened it and took out a cigarette. He put it in his mouth and lit it with his zippo lighter.
I had cleaned the old man's jizz using the t-shirt and put my bra back on. There was no way I could wear the t-shirt any more. I threw it at the old man and he caught it deftly with his right hand and started laughing again.
"Let's go Dave." I said in a cold voice, and started walking towards the car.
"In a minute." Dave said and took a long puff from the cigarette. He then fished his wallet out of his pocket and took out a crisp 500 rupee note. He kept it in the counter, said "Keep the change." and walked back to the car with the plastic back.
I walked around to the passengers side and just as I got in, the old man yelled,
"Come again soon, memsaab. Everything is on the house for you." and started cackling again.
Dave got in, put the car in gear and started driving.
"Well done!" he said to me.
In spite of the fact that I was feeling a bit upset, I smiled and said,
"Thank you" ------------------------
It all started six months ago. I had lead a pretty typical life for an upper middle class girl in Thane. I studied hard in high school, got into engineering college did OK there, and eventually got a job in an IT company. On the way, I had what I consider a fairly normal love life. Had a boyfriend in high school, but kept it secret from my parents. Him and I did not go beyond kissing and heavy petting. By the time he started pressuring me to sleep with him, I had realized there was no future in that relationship. So we broke up.
In engineering college, I was at the receiving end of a lot of attention because of my looks, which were much better than the average female engineering student. I was slim, with big boobs, had a shapely body otherwise, silky hair, a pretty face, and I dressed trendily, not hiding my beauty. So naturally I had all sorts of guys fighting for my attention. In the second year, I finally committed to a guy and officially became his girlfriend. I lost my virginity to him, on his parents' bed, when they were out of town. Eventually we told our parents about each other, and neither of them had any objections. So all through engineering, we were a couple, and with the understanding that eventually we'd get married.
In the final year of engineering, we both applied to the same American schools for graduate studies. This is where my first mistake happened. He was a lot smarter than I was. Among the toppers in the university. And got a near perfect GRE score. So he had applied to the Harvards, Stanfords, MITs of the world. Even his "safe schools" were high ranked. I was an average student. And my GRE score was not too great either. So when the universities got back to us, it turned out he had been accepted to 3 schools, and I had been rejected by all of them. I should have applied to some lower ranked schools. But I had not, and was thus not going to America.
We got engaged in an elaborate ceremony before he flew to the US to start his graduate studies at MIT. I started working in one of the big IT firms in Thane. The plan was, that I would re-apply, this time to lower ranked schools in and around Boston, so we could be together. But then it happened to us. Something that happens to millions of couples. Having been together practically all the time for 3 years, we found the switch to a long distance relationship very difficult to manage. Plus the time zone difference. We'd fight and fight, over chat, over emails and over the phone. We started becoming jealous of each others friendships with members of the opposite sex.
And eventually he cheated on me. Said he had found his actual "soulmate" in the US. We broke up, or rather he dumped me. The wedding was off. My parents were devastated and his parents were unhappy too. But he was steadfast in his decision.
Now break-ups of long term relationships and engagements always hit self-esteem really hard. But what hit my self-esteem even harder were some of the reasons he gave for dumping me. He told me how sex with his new girlfriend was great. How she was imaginative, experimental, kinky, and made him feel like a real man. Sex between us, he said, had been very boring and vanilla. I refused to experiment or try anything new. I was too conservative, he said. Even if we had gotten married, I could not have satisfied him and he would have had to look elsewhere for sex. So it was better that we ended it now. And one of the last things he said that will stay with me for life - "Pooja, you think that just because you are pretty and have a hot body, that is enough for a guy. It isn't. Having sex with you is like fucking a very pretty wax statue from Madam Tussaud's".
He told me how his new girlfriend experimented in bed. Loved to be tied up. Actually enjoyed giving blowjobs and didn't treat them as boring chores. Watched porn with him, read erotic stories with him, and played out fantasies. Whenever he had tried to get me into all this, I had protested, saying it was too "perverse". And he was right. I had thought it too perverse.
As I started dealing with the break-up, that aspect of his criticism stung me the most. Living in Thane with conservative parents, I didn't really have too many options to explore my horizons in real life. In fact my parents were convinced that despite being in a long relationship, I was still a virgin. I couldn't bring guys home and experiment with them sexually. Neither could I spend nights with other guys. And frankly, even if I had the freedom to do all that, I just didn't find any guys I worked with, or guys in my extended friends circle, attractive or exciting enough.
So I did what many Indian girls do to satisfy their sexual curiosity. I started visiting porn sites, reading erotic stories on sites like literotica, ASSTR, FSI, ISS etc. I had watched some porn before, but it had been just regular "vanilla" porn. But through the stories, I got exposed to different things. Threesomes, foursomes, group sex, cuckolding, BDSM, and what turned me on the most- exhibitionism.
I had always been somewhat of an exhibitionist, even if a very mild one. I liked wearing tight jeans, tight t-shirts and tops that drew attention to my cleavage. Through my teen years and later, I was always amused at how guys of all sorts, whether they were fellow-students, professors, shop-keepers, cab drivers, or even family friends, often sneaked a peak at my huge boobs. I enjoyed the attention, but I had never really thought of taking it beyond just providing cleavage-glimpses. But as I read stories of women flashing their tits and asses to truckers on highway, or in bars and clubs, or even otherwise, I started getting turned on. I'd fantasize about doing all that. Showing some actual naked skin.
I also noticed that there were hardly any good stories of exhibitionism set in the Indian context. They were all set in America or Europe. And of course, those societies were a lot more liberal, where women would get away with this. In India, I could not really try anything. If I flashed myself to someone, they'd jump me and rape me. Or then police might arrest me. I lived in a country where a couple kissing on the street can be charged with a crime and taken to jail. What chance did my fantasies have? So I was limited only to fantasizing.
And then Dave entered my life. He was my favorite author. His stories were almost always about exhibitionism and voyeurism, with a very light BDSM element thrown in. There were no masters and slaves calling each other "master" and "slave", like playing out some movie script. But there was always a dominant person who told the girl how and where to exhibit herself. That theme was common through his stories. I'd read and re-read his stories, imagine myself to be the girl in the story, and masturbate myself to multiple orgasms.
After a few months of re-reading his stories so many times that I had memorized them, I finally decided to email him. I created an email ID with a fake name and wrote to him about how much I enjoyed his stories. He wrote back, thanking me. Since my ID was on gmail and his ID was a gmail, we automatically got added to each other's chat list. And one night, he saw me online and pinged me. Dave lived on the East Coast in the US. I told him a bit about me. And we started chatting. And we kept chatting.
We were chatting nearly 4-5 hours a day. I'd chat with him from work when it was night for him. I'd get done with dinner early, so I could go online and chat with Dave before he had to go to work. I told him my real name, told him everything about my life. Started sharing my fantasies. He started encouraging me to live some of them out. Take baby steps in exhibitionism. But my reply was always the same - "It is easy for you folks there. In India, it is impossible for a girl like me. I'll get raped or arrested." That didn't stop me from sharing newer and newer fantasies with him. -------------------
Dave and I started chatting 6 months before our road trip. The events that eventually led to the road trip started three months back. Ever since my break-up with my ex 2 years back, my parents had been pressuring me to get married. They were not too conservative, but at the same time, conservative enough to feel slighted by the taunts from relatives and family friends about my broken engagement. My dad, already very upset and angry at my break-up, had insisted I start meeting guys for an arranged marriage right away. But I had resisted, saying I wanted to find someone on my own. After a lot of arguments, we finally reached an agreement that I had 2 years to find myself a husband. If I couldn't, then I'd have to agree for an arranged marriage.
And like I said, I never found any worthy guys on my own. Maybe I was too obsessed with erotica, too caught up in my fantasies. Whatever the reason, as the two years drew to a close, my parents reminded me of the agreement. And since my dad already has some blood pressure issues, not wanting to upset him further I agreed. The whole process took about a month. The third guy I met was the one my wedding was fixed with. He was a decent looking boy from a good family and with a good job, you know the typical ideal arranged marriage match. I was sure I'd be happy with him. But I wasn't sure how our sex life would be. It is always a lottery in arranged marriages, isn't it?
On the day that I was going to tell Dave about my wedding being fixed, I logged in and saw this email from him -
"Dear Pooja
I have really enjoyed our chats over the last few months. But lately, we are getting very repetitive. I think we should end this friendship here while the going is good, and before it descends into monotonous boredom. Hope you agree.
Unless of course, you are interested in spending some days with me. I could come over to India and we could go on a short road trip. And if you are interested, I could help you live out some of your fantasies and broaden your sexual horizons. We'll be in distant towns where no one will know you. I am big and strong, so I can protect you if things go out of hand. And I have experience of such things here, so trust me, I can take precautions to make sure we don't get in trouble with the police. If you are interested, let me know and I can apply for a visa to India.
If not, let's say our goodbyes and wish each other best of luck for the rest of our lives.
Dave"
That mail left me a bit shocked and also intrigued. I had almost taken it as a given that Dave will be my friend forever. My sounding board for all matters sexual. And here he wanted to end it. Well, not entirely. He gave me an option which was impossible. A roadtrip through India? What an idea! It was too risky even with him around. I decided not to reply to the email for now, and logged off.
But as I thought about it more and more, I thought... why not? As my ex had reminded me, I had led a very vanilla boring sex life. And I was getting married soon. Why not take this trip? Why not live out my bachelorette-hood before committing to marriage? After a week's introspection, I finally told Dave yes, I was ready. He applied for a visa to India and booked his tickets. We agreed to a 2-week trip.
The next step was giving my parents a convincing story about being away for 2 weeks. Luckily, Dave was coming in the month of May, when many adventure groups in Bombay and Thane go on 2-week-long trips to hike in the Himalayas. I told my parents I wanted to go on such a trip. First they refused. The wedding is just a few months away, they said. No question about it, you can't go away for 2 weeks, they said. But then I pleaded and guilt-tripped them. In a manner similar to Kajol's character from DDLJ, I finally got my parents to agree to let me go.
So a few weeks later, my parents were at Kalyan station, seeing me off with a group of fellow hikers on a train to Delhi, from where we'd go to the Himalayas. As the train started rolling out of the station, I went to the hike organizers and told them I would get off at the next station. I could not go on the hike because of some "personal reasons", and that I was not asking for a refund. They were puzzled, but said goodbye to me.
I got off at Igatpuri station and took a taxi to the Mumbai International Airport. A few hours later, Dave's flight landed. As I stood outside the gate, my eyes were fixed on the closed circuit TV screen that shows passengers walking towards baggage claim. As I saw and recognized Dave on the screen, the enormity of the situation really hit me for the first time. He was here! I was going on a road trip with limitless possibilities with a guy I barely knew and had never met. Was I crazy? I almost decided to run away when suddenly, I saw Dave walk out of the door with his baggage trolley. He scanned the crowd and spotted me instantly. He then gave me a broad and cheerful smile. A smile that melted away any doubts that I had.
Half an hour later, we were in a rented car, Dave managing the Bombay traffic with surprising expertise, and on the way to Agra. And that's how it had all started --------
Now back to real time. Dave was driving silently, and I was sitting there sulking. He was puffing on his B&H and I was smoking Gold Flake, my first cigarette after many months. Dave kept glancing at me every few seconds and said.
"You did good back there. Why the long face?"
"Why the long face? Of course I did good. But what about you?" I said, slightly upset.
"Huh? What about me?" Dave asked, puzzled.
"That guy sprayed his cum all over my tits, and you did nothing. You just stood there laughing. And gave him money! I thought you are here to protect me if a situation goes out of hand!" I almost yelled.
Dave kept driving in silence. A couple of cars passed us, honking very loudly.
"Alright, as far as the money goes, I think the poor old man needed it." Dave said in a serious voice. "As far as my doing nothing and protecting you.... I will do that if things go out of hand. This situation had no way gone out of hand."
"What??" I said incredulously.
"Firstly, all i told you to do was flash the guy for cigarettes and water. You are the one who agreed to three minutes. You are the one who let him touch your tits. You are the one who told me that you are letting him touch you. Now, an old man who probably hasn't seen a pretty woman's tits since Kennedy died, is allowed you feel up your huge ones. And you are shocked and outraged that he shot his wad all over them?"
I stayed silent. A couple of more cars passed us honking, and then one pulled up next to us.
"What's their problem?" I said.
"Hahaha, you really don't know?"
That's when I realized. I was still in my bra! I had been so upset about the old man spraying my tits that I had forgotten to put on another t-shirt or top. So a lot of drivers that passed us had seen me sitting there, my huge tits in a tight bra, and had honked in appreciation. And now this car had pulled up next to us.
"Oh shit!" I said, and immediately crossed my arms over my chest. Dave started laughing.
"Come on, they seem like nice kids. Give 'em a peek. Make their day."
"Nice kids?" I said and looked at the car still keeping pace right next to ours. In it were four young boys of college-going age, two in the front and two in the back. They were all staring at me with their mouths open. When they saw me look at them, one of them let out a loud wolf-whistle. I showed them the finger, and kept looking straight.
"Pooja," Dave said. "Show them your tits."
"What?" I said.
"Trust me. Show them your tits. But just flash them. Lift your bra up for a second and bring it down." he said.
"Are you crazy?" I said. "What if they force us to stop and...."
"Pooja." Dave said in an angry tone. "This is not gonna work if you keep second-guessing me. Leave the consequences to me. You have 10 seconds after I finish talking, to flash them. If you don't do it, I turn the car around, drop you home, and this trip ends."
Dave didn't really give me a choice. I stared at him for two seconds, and then did as he said. Sat up straight, pulled my bra up, flashed them for a couple of seconds, and brought the bra down.
The boys in the car went crazy. Whistles, catcalls, honks, claps, you name it. Then they started shouting "Once More! Once More!". I looked at Dave and he shook his head. He then sped up the car, and said to me,
"Put on another top".
The boys in the car tried to follow us. But Dave had rented the most powerful car available for renting, and their piddly little hatchback could not keep pace. In ten minutes, we had lost them. ----------
We had been driving for half an hour after I flashed the college kids when Dave said,
"We are kinda low on fuel. Must stop for it."
A while later we passed a petrol pump and I pointed it out to Dave but he said,
"Not right for us."
With that cryptic quip, he kept driving. We passed three more petrol pumps which Dave ignored, and I started getting the feeling that wherever we stopped, I would have another task to complete. Finally, Dave slowed down when he saw saw a small empty looking petrol pump. He stopped the car 100 metres away from it, and said to me,
"Get naked. Completely naked. And don't question my orders from now on or this trip ends."
I opened my mouth to protest, but then complied. Took off my top and bra, unbuttoned my skirt and slipped out of it, and finally removed my panties. I threw all my clothes in the back seat, and saw Dave staring at me with a smile on his face.
"Okay good, now put on your sunglasses, stretch the seatback, and just sit there still as if you are sleeping." he said, and I did as I was told.
Dave started the car again and pulled it into the pump. The whole place was empty. No car there apart from ours. There was a small office which seemed empty too, apart from one guy who came running out. Through my sunglasses, I could see it was a young man, probably no older than me. He walked to the pump, and came up to the driver's window and said,
"Yes Sir?" that's when he noticed me, lying there naked, and his mouth opened wide.
"Good evening. You speak English?" Dave asked him cheerfully. But he kept staring at me in shock, so Dave repeated his question and snapped his fingers.
"Yes Sir. Little little Sir." the man replied.
"Full tank please." Dave said and the man nodded. He very reluctantly walked back a couple of steps, took out the fuel nozzle and put it in the gas tank. After the fueling started, he moved to the front and started staring at me again. This was the first time someone had seen me fully naked, apart from my ex boyfriend, so I felt my face started to redden with shame.
"What're you lookin at dude?" Dave asked him in a gruff voice. That scared him and he took a couple of steps back. The man probably weighed half as much as Dave, so he didn't want to piss him off.
"Sorry sir." he said sheepishly, turned around and started staring at the fuel display.
"HAHAHA!" Dave's laughter boomed across the car, "Don't be shy, young man. Just admit that you were checking out this hot naked chick right here."
"Sir?" the poor guy said, probably confused and unable to decode Dave's American accent completely.
"You.... looking.... her?" Dave said pointing at me.
"Sorry sir." the guy said, now almost shivering in fear. That turned to full scale panic as Dave opened the door and got out of the car. The guy started saying "No sir, sorry sir, no sir, sorry sir! galti ho gayi (i made a mistake), sir!"
Dave realized the guy was terrified, so he said,
"Whoa! Whoa! Whoa! Relax!" and Dave lifted both his hands in front of him. "Relax! OK? Understand? Relax?"
The guy nodded his head nervously.
"Haha! There's that Indian head-waggle, side to side. You guys have a funny way of nodding." Dave said, and stepped closer to the guy. Dave then put his big arm around his shoulder and said gently, "Come, come."
The guy mutely walked as Dave lead him around the front of the car and to the passenger door. Dave then took his arm off the guy's shoulder and opened the door, giving me a start. The guy must have realized I was not asleep, but just pretending to be. I thought about ending the pretense, but Dave hadn't ordered me to do so, so I kept sitting, stretched back.
As Dave opened the door fully, the guy got a complete look at my naked body. My big firm tits, very slightly hanging outwards as I lay back. My nipples, I realized, were fully erect even in this oppressive heat. I had kept my legs slightly open, so the guy also got a glimpse at my shaved pussy.
"Isn't she beautiful.... what's your name?" Dave said.
The guy stared at him.
"Name! Your name?" Dave said, pointing at him.
"Sir, Balu." the guy said, pointing at a small nametag on his shirt that was in Hindi.
"Well, Balu, whatdya say? Isn't she the most beautiful thing you've ever seen?" Dave continued.
"Sir, yes. Beautiful sir. Bahut (very) beautiful." Balu said. As I looked at him through my sunglasses, I noticed that Balu had developed a rather visible erection in his pants.
"Well, go ahead, then. Touch her! Fer cryin' out loud! A naked girl is sitting here, stretched out in a car at your gas station, and you ain't even gonna touch her?" Dave said very rapidly. Balu obvious had no clue what was said and he stared at Dave blankly.
"Damn!" Dave said, "I shoulda taken some Hindi lessons before coming here."
And then Dave bent forward, and put the outstretched fingers of his hand just above my breasts. He gently moved it downwards with a magical touch that gave me goosebumps at once. This was the first time that Dave had really touched me, apart from the hugs at the airport, I noted to myself. He caressed my boobs and my stomach like that, lightly, and then grabbed my left breast.
"See? Touch. You. Touch." Dave said.
"Me Sir? Pakka (sure), sir?" Balu said, his erection now at a peak.
"Fuck her?" Dave said, misunderstanding what Balu said. "HAHAHA. You move fast, don't you? No, you can't fuck her. Even I ain't fucked her yet. And no one's gonna fuck her until she's begging for it. Just touch. Touch."
Balu tentatively moved forward, and reached out his hand. He was about to grab my boobs, but probably felt nervous and changed course at the last minute, and kept his hand on my shoulder instead. I could smell the grease and petrol on his body. He moved his hands up and down my shoulder and arms. Then he lifted his hand and put it on my thigh. He still seemed unsure about touching me in any private places.
"Pooja, help him, won't you?" Dave said from behind him.
I sighed, and reached down with my hand, lifted his up and put it on my breast. He looked at me surprised, and I smiled at him. That seemed to embolden him a bit. He now brought his second hand into play as well, and started massaging my big boobs, slowly at first, and then harder, and then finally, too hard, making them hurt.
"Itna jor se nahi (Not that hard)" I said to him. But by now, Balu seemed to have lost any worries or inhibitions.
"Chup be saali randi chinaal (Shut up, you whore slut)" he said in a derisive voice. "Yeh tagda gora to badey jor se dabata hoga din raat tabhi toh itney badey huey (This huge white guy must be pressing them hard night and day, which is why they have grown this big)"
I was about to say something sharp in response, when the fuel nozzle made the hard clicking noise, indicating the tank was full. Balu immediately straightened, and ran to the other side of the car. He took the nozzle out, replaced it on the pump, and literally sprinted back towards me, and started playing with my boobs again.
"Balu." Dave said.
"Yes sir?" Balu said, turning his head back, but his hands still assaulting my tits.
"How much money?" Dave asked.
"1866 rupees Sir" Balu said.
"How about you let that go, and we have Pooja here give you a blowjob?" Dave said with a wry smile on his face.
"Sir?" Balu asked, unable to comprehend what was said.
"Tell him Pooja." Dave said.
"Dave, I am not sure...." I took the sunglasses off and started protesting.
"Pooja!!! What did I say about.." Dave said in a raised voice.
"No, listen Dave. I am not disobeying. I am just saying that's a lot of money, and the guy will probably turn it down." I said.
"Just ask him!" Dave said. So I turned to Balu and said,
"Suno, agar uss paisey ke badley mein main tumhe..... (Listen, if instead of paying you, what if I...)" and I paused, struggling to find a hindi word for blowjob "tumhaara moonh mein loon, toh? (what if I take your dick in my mouth?)"
"Sirf moonh mein leney se kya hoga (What's so great about taking my dick in your mouth?)" he asked, puzzled. "Paisey bahut jyada hain (The money is too much)."
"Moonh mein lekar choosungi (I'll take it in my mouth and suck on it). Jab tak tumhara mere moonh mein.....ho na jaaye (Until you are...done in my mouth)" I said, realizing that I did not know the Hindi words for blowjob or for cumming.
Balu finally got what I was saying and looked at me for a while and then looked at Dave. ------------ Balu let go of my boobs and stood up, thinking about my offer. I could understand his dilemma. I am sure he didn't get paid too much more than 2-3000 rupees. Letting go of our whole bill would hit his earnings too much.
"Tumhaare jaisa maal toh maine zindagi mein nahi dekha (I haven't seen a hot babe like you in my whole life). Par phir be utney rupaye... mere poora pagaar jitna hai (But that much money... it's almost as much as my month's pay). Maloom nahin, sochna padega (I don't know, I'll have to think)." he said.
I translated what he said to Dave, and then added very fast so Balu wouldn't understand,
"Dave, are you gonna pay him in the end anyway?"
"Yes, I probably will." Dave said.
"So why create this dilemma for him? I'll just blow him and get done with it." I said.
"No, Pooja. that's not how we play the game. His dilemma is the fun part. It needs to mean something to him." Dave said, smiling.
Balu stared at us, not really understanding what we were saying, and then said to me,
"Agar sirf choosegi, toh 50% discount doonga (If you just blow me, I'll give you a 50% discount). Agar chudwayegi, toh poore fokat (If you let me fuck you, then it's free)." he made his counter offer, which I translated for Dave.
"Hmmm...okay." Dave said and thought for a few seconds. "Tell him, this is how it will go down. You suck him, while I fuck you, so he gets to see you being fucked. And for that he gives us 75% off."
I stared at Dave. He was proposing a threesome with this guy! Until this morning, I had only ever had mostly missionary sex with my boyfriend. And now I was going to get fucked by a guy I had met in person only today, while blowing a guy I had met ten minutes back! The sheer scandalousness of the situation had stunned me, as I sat there, naked.
"Go on, tell him." Dave said. And I translated it for Balu
"Yeh mujhey chodega aur ussi waqt main tumhein choosungi. Taake tum mujhe...chudtey huey dekh sako. Aur uske liye tum 75% discount dena. Manjoor?"
"OK!" Balu said, and extended his hand towards Dave.
"Haha, even here we shake on it, eh?" Dave laughed and shook Balu's hand.
"You park car back." Balu said to Dave. "I close pump. She go office."
While all this had been happening, some cars and trucks had been passing by. But from where I was sitting, I was invisible to passing drivers. This time though, I had to walk about 60 feet to the tiny office. I turned around to get some clothes to put on for that walk when Dave said,
"You stay naked. Walk there naked."
By now, the whole negotiation, as well as Balu's rough handling of my boobs had turned me on beyond belief. So without the slightest hesitation, I got out of the car and walked to the office. As I did so, I heard some car passing by, but obviously, they didn't notice me. I opened the door of the office and stepped inside. Dave got in the car and drove it to the back of the office. And Balu walked in, took a "CLOSED" board from behind the door and went and placed it outside.
The office was the size of a small store, maybe 20 feet X 30 feet. It had shelves with a lot of auto products, and a counter. It had one big window which opened towards the front and a small one that opened towards the back. Balu closed both windows, and the whole room became very dark. He flicked on a tubelight and the room was bathed in white light. And as the light changed, I again became acutely aware of standing there wearing nothing but my sneakers.
Dave walked in, and closed the door behind him. Balu gestured him to bolt it closed which he did. Dave then walked towards me.
"Lie down on this counter" he told me, and I obeyed, climbing on top of it, and lying down along the length of the counter. "Not like that, sideways, so your butt and head is hanging out."
I slid around, and only my back was supported by the counter. My butt and legs were hanging on one side, and my head was in the air on the other. Dave came closed and stood in front of my legs. He then lifted them up, bent my knees and held them in the air. He then bent down and brought his nose right to my pussy and sniffed it hard.
"Mmmm....you smell like an animal waited to be humped. Already wet. I like that" Dave said, and then gave my clit a big lick. I shuddered in pleasure as I felt his big rough tongue rub against my clit. He then started licking me really hard and fast, making me shudder even more.
"Maadarchod kya chaaT raha hai choot! (Look at this motherfucker licking your pussy!)" said Balu, standing next to my right thigh. He pounced on my breasts again and started playing with them.
Dave meanwhile was really going to town downtown, so to say. He licked the clit like a hungry kid licking an ice cream. He then puckered his lips and took my clit into his mouth and sucked hard at it. He then bent lower and inserted his tongue into my cunt sending newer spasms of pleasure through my body.
"Ohhh...Dave." I said, throwing my head back. As he kept using his tongue on me, Dave said,
"Tell this dude to go behind the counter and feed you his cock."
"Balu, yahan aao, aur apna lund mere moonh mein do." I said. Balu let go of my tits and sprinted to where his crotch was in my face. In a jiffy, he had unbuttoned his trousers and pulled them down, revealing an erect cock that was about 6 inches long and 1 inch wide. But more than the size, what hit my senses was the stink! It had the most foul odor I had ever experienced, and I was afraid that I might throw up if I took it in my mouth.
I opened my mouth to tell him to clean it, but before I could say anything, Balu had shoved his dick into my mouth. And sure enough, I felt a gag reflex come on and was about to take it out of my mouth. What Balu did next made me suspect that the guy had been in situations where he shoved his dick into a woman's mouth and she spat it out at once. Because Balu, as soon as he invaded my mouth, grabbed hold of my hair and held my head in position very tight. Even when he felt me trying to back away, he did not let go.
I inhaled and fought off the gag reflex with a lot of effort. Balu on his part started moving his hips back and forth and started fucking my face. The thing tasted even worse than it smelled. But I could not focus my mind on it for too much long, because by now, Dave had worked up my clit and cunt together into quite a frenzy. When he teased my clit with the tip of his tongue one more time, I felt an orgasm approaching. But before it could approach any further, Dave pulled away, and I groaned in frustration.
I moved my eyes to look down at Dave and saw that he was taking his shorts off. From the angle that Balu had gripped my head in, I could not see Dave's dick. And that's when I suddenly realized.... I had no idea how big or small Dave's dick was. All the time that we chatted, he had never told me the size of his tool, nor sent me a picture of it. The most revealing pics he had sent me had him only shirtless, but still wearing shorts or pants. To his credit, he had never asked me for my bust size either, although in any picture it is obvious that I am well stacked. -----------
But as Dave got naked and got ready to fuck me, I was suddenly agog with the anticipation about his dick. The suspense of its size and prowess. I tried to take Balu's dick out and take a look, but Balu was still holding on tight, and fucking my mouth hard. After what seemed like an eternity, but what was probably just a few seconds, I finally felt Dave's hands pushed my feet closer to my stomach. He then moved forward and ah finally, I felt the head of his dick poke the entrance of my pussy like a rabbit peeking down a hole. It then entered. I felt my pussy lips and walls make way as the bulging head made its entry. Just at this stage, considering how much my pussy was stretched, I realized he was a lot thicker than my ex-bf whose dick was more like Balu's. Finally, I felt the cock head was completely in. And then it probed further, until the point where my ex-bf reached, but stretching my walls much more. And then, I felt tingles run up my body as it advanced even further. And further. I started wondering if it would ever stop. Which it finally did when the head hit my cervix. And Dave just kept it there for a couple of seconds, pushing it slightly.
And then he gradually withdrew it, until the head was almost all the way to the pussy lips, and this time rammed it hard. I let out a yelp of pain and pleasure, which was muffled by Balu's dick. Dave started fucking me, and a few seconds into it, I realized.... I had not felt his stomach or thighs hit my thighs or butt. Which meant that his dick was not able to get fully buried in my pussy even at the hilt! Some length of Dave's now-obviously monster cock, was still outside, unable to gain entry to my cunt. The realization of the fact that I was being fucked by a pornstar-like horse cock, combined with his tempo and reached, started bringing on an orgasm.
I started moaning and shivering even harder, and Dave, realizing what was happening, started fucking me harder and deeper. As I shivered and moved by the force of my orgasm and by Dave's pounding, my boobs kept moving rapidly in a circular manner. Balu noticed what was happening, and probably turned on by that, let out a moan, and stepped up his tempo in my mouth too. His dick started throbbing in my mouth, just as my insides started rumbling, and then it happened. Just as my orgasm started, Balu started unloading his jizz into my mouth at that very instant. I was shaking and thrashing as Balu was humping harder and faster. He kept cumming and I kept cumming, until finally, we both relaxed our bodies in relief.
As Balu took his dick out of my mouth, my mind shifted its attention from the now-subsided orgasm to my mouth, which was full of jizz. I was about to spit it out to the side when Dave, in a very calm voice said,
"Swallow it, Pooja."
I raised my head and looked into his eyes. He nodded, and I did as he said, Two gulps and it was down my throat. ---------------- Balu beamed with glee as he saw me, a memsaab, swallow his whole load.
"Tu toh poora pi gayi (You drank the whole thing)" he said and then bending down so that his face was next to mine, he continued "Raand to maine bahut dekhi kai, par tere jaisi sundar aur tharki kabhi nahi (I have seen a lot of whores, but none as pretty and horny as you)."
I listened to what Balu said but did not react to it. I was busy concentrating on Dave's cock still ramming in and out of me. Balu then stood straight again and brought his dick close to my mouth, and said,
"Chal, saaf kar isey (Now clean my dick)"
I turned my head to look at his dick. It still had some semen all over it. Obediently, I took it in my mouth and licked it clean. After I got done cleaning it, Dave said,
"Give me your hands."
I did as was told, and Dave caught hold of them, and stopped pistoning my cunt, just keeping his cock buried inside of me. He then pulled my body up by my hands with a rapid jerk. My torso was raised up from the counter and found itself in Dave's embrace, my boobs mashing against his broad muscular chest. I looked down and saw that even though Dave's dick was buried inside me, about 2 inches of it was indeed still outside. Holding me in his embrace, Dave continued to fuck me for ten more minutes, bringing me to one more orgasm, until he was ready to cum too.
I was all but prepared but have him shoot his massive load inside my cunt, but Dave took it out and instead sprayed it all over my stomach and tits. I was so satisfied and even a bit tired by Dave's merciless pounding that I just slumped back on the counter, rubbing the semen all over my boobs with my fingers.
Dave however was calmly getting dressed, as if we had merely shaken hands. No post-sex kissing, cuddling, holding, nothing. I looked at him with glazed eyes and he barked at me,
"Get up! We have to go!"
Balu who had been standing close to us, watching Dave fuck the daylights out of me, looked like he wanted to say something, but seemed uncertain.
"What is it?" Dave noticed Balu and asked.
"Sir.... can I also...?" Balu said, pointing at my crotch. I noticed that he was still without pants and his dick was erect again.
"No!" Dave said authoritatively. It seemed like Balue might protest a bit, so as if to pre-empt that, Dave took out 2000 rupees from his wallet and handed it to Balu.
"Sir? 75% discount sir!" Balu said, surprised at being given the whole amount.
"No, it's OK. Keep it. And keep the change too." Dave said to him. He then turned to me and said, "I said get up, Pooja!"
Slowly I slid off the counter and stood there naked. Dave said he'd go get the car.
Ten minutes later, we were on our way. I was dressed, but this time on Dave's orders I was wearing just a skirt and tshirt, with no bra. We drove silently for a while more until Dave finally said the first positive thing about me,
"You are really good. That was one of the best fucks I've had."
"Thank you, Dave." I replied shyly, "You were great too."
Dave nodded and kept driving. And I kept looking out of the window, wondering what task he would give me next.
(to be continued)