Since we are starting a new day, we have to set some groundwork first. If you're wanting something immediately titillating then you're probably not on part 4 of this series, but you can skip to the next break (* * * * *) to get into the action. But the exposition is critical for me to write the characters and world genuinely.
Includes a true punishment, reasonable pain, and semi-public humiliation.
* * * * *
Evelyn made sure not to have any contact with Ori for the next few days. He was in her health class, but she made every effort not to acknowledge him. Ms Lin was also mute for her part, moving on like nothing happened, and for Evelyn that was the best outcome. Of course, when she got home after the event she almost immediately masturbated into one of her hardest orgasms, but that was more about physical stimulation and so would any girl in her place; now she was past it.
She was still curious what else the school might come up with under these 'new regulations', so she did a quick google search about it. One of the pages she sleuthed out was from a feminist group fighting the guidelines. Seeing that they sent out a newsletter, Evelyn decided to give it a shot and entered her email. She would probably just unsubscribe in a couple months, but she figured it was better to stay informed about what the administrators had up their sleeves. She would be damned before they put her in another punishment like the last one, and she was sympathetic to other girls' causes.
Surprisingly, she got an email the very next day. The address was a local news station, KBBL, who was apparently looking to run a story about her school's new policies. They apologized for the lack of privacy, but said they found her email by IP tracing her visit to the civil rights website. It was a particularly urgent time with the administrators 'just about to roll out the new policy' (if only they knew...) and they had no local supporters they could interview.
KBBL was legitimate, and she pained to think of another girl getting sucked into Mr Robin's sex cult. It could just as easily be one of her friends. A couple days later she decided to at least send them some thoughts, but she would only do so on the condition of absolute anonymity.
News of her punishment apparently hadn't gotten out since she hadn't heard anything about it from her classmates. She was sure Ori was going to brag about it at the top of his lungs, but that didn't seem to have happened. Maybe hewastrying to make things right between them. She still hated his fucking guts, but she was glad he was trying not to make her life any more difficult at this point. The two student volunteers, for their part, were goody-two-shoes who wouldn't do anything to spite the administration, and she was sure Mr Robin made them swear silence before letting them in the room, so she might just be free and clear.
Her contact at the station, Robby, said she could give a textual account of her experience, but there was no guarantee that the story would air without someone giving at least an in-person, verbal interview. 'It pulled at viewer's heartstrings', or some bullshit like that. No, doing such an interview was beyond her capabilities, but she felt it was her duty at this point to get everything on paper. It was going to be so goddamn humiliating to share, but maybe some good would come of it.
So, she wrote the whole session down with clinical detail, four pages in all. Starting was hard, but once she got into it she fell into an activist's mindset and wrote from the position of justice. She even appended a scathing description of the primary offenders: Mr Robin, Mr Simmons, and Ori. This would never make it into the publication, but maybe it would help the station explain to the viewers the kind of people she was dealing with and do some of that 'heartstring pulling'.
Robby received it with empathy, but it was quickly apparent that the story wouldn't go anywhere without the viewers being able to verify her identity. Robby apologized and said that this was how most exposés ended up, but Evelyn was aggravated. After everything she went through and did, her story still wasn't going to do any good.
But Robby was still determined to get leverage on this story. He knew from Evelyn's writing that this 'Ms Lin' would cave if he got to her, and that meant a possible audio recording. His plan was to threaten the school administration with release of Evelyn's account of the story if he didn't get an honest interview with Ms Lin. It was win-win: either they accepted and he got an interview with Ms Lin or they looked suspicious and he could convince his boss to put more resources on the story. People like school admins never refuse an interview unless there's a story to be uncovered; in a way it would be a litmus test for Evelyn's story (which to his eye seemed rock-solid, if extraordinary in content).
Since Evelyn had no knowledge of Robby's plans, she was surprised to find Mr Robin in the doorway of one of her classes the next day, calling her to his office. Frankly, he looked pissed.
"Young lady, you're going to tell me why I have a reporter knocking onmydoor talking about howmyschool has been caught red-handed in 'civil rights violations'. And why he comes in here flaunting this --" he picked up a stapled packet "-- piece of, of... character assassination and slander, threatening to getmyteachers fired andmy owncareer reduced to garbage. Because I know it isn't because some teenage girl cried wolf from her own punishment."
Oh, fuckfuckfuckfuck. How could Robby do this to her? Did she not make it clear what kind of person Mr Robin was? That motherfucker just handed her ass to her on a silver platter!
He flipped the packet to the last page. "Let me try to jog your memory. Did you by chance write, 'Richard Simmons: a dick in a human-shaped shell, this pervert would be all but swooning over the chance to enact a twisted, misogynistic environment--"
Evelyn cringed. That did sound bad. But it was the truth, and she didn't know of any rules she explicitly broke. "Please, I can explain. That was never supposed to make it to publication. Heck, the story wasn't even going to be run. I just wanted to get an objective telling of the story down. It's not fair--"
"Notfair?Don't even talk to me about not fair! 'Dave Robin: the political mastermind, this narcissistic pervert would strip every girl in school if it meant he would get a slightly bigger desk...' Is that really how you see what I do here? You signed the release Evelyn; you knew what the punishment could be. You're 18. What more did you want me to do for you?"
Evelyn wanted this talk to be over as soon as possible. Let him yell and then forget all about it. She sighed. "Okay, I apologize for what I wrote. I got carried away. It's not like I did anythingillegal, but I'll call up the news station and they'll drop it, okay?"
"I could almost let it go if it wasn't for the last characterization you threw in here. 'Ori Alston: the kind of manipulative heathen who, instead of helping his fellow classmates, decides to smash them back into the ground for his own perverted profit...' "Manipulative heathen" -- can you imagine the phone calls I would have gotten if this had been published? Ori, unlike you, was here on his own time to take initiative in his own education and he didn't even complain when that time was cut short to help his teachers out. Evelyn, this is libel of the most serious degree and I won't stand for it."
Oh God not again. She felt her throat tightening up in anxiety. Why did she ever write that paper? Whatever -- there was no fucking way she was going to let Mr Robin etch out a new twisted punishment for her. She didn't care if she got detention for a month.
"I'm glad you've already signed our waver because it's only fair that Ori will be taking his retributionwith force. That's before we even start to settle for your treason against the school itself," Mr Robin said.
"Oh no, no way. I'm not going to lie down and take another one of your perverted punishments."
He chuckled a little. "Watch your tone. Frankly, you don't have a choice. Either you settle this with me or I'm taking it to the board, and they won't be any more forgiving. Even forgetting about the actual punishment, they will make sure any colleges accepting you this Autumn will be thinking twice about pulling in a known slanderer. Like I said, this is a serious offense."
Evelyn was paralyzed. Could he be bullshitting her? "There's no way you can prove to the board that I wrote that. You could have fabricated it yourself."
"It's your word against mine," Mr Robin said as he reached over to his desk and pushed the pause button on a tape recorder. "And of course I keep an audio recording of my discussions with students. You have no greater enemy than yourself, Evelyn." He unpaused it.
Motherfucking TV supervillain! She thought about running. If she never came back to school she would never have to see him again.
Mr Robin was calmer at this point. "If we're setting this between us then I want Ori's part of the punishment done today. It wouldn't be right to keep your actions from him any longer, and I think it's best to atone while the memory is fresh. I'll have to talk with him separately, but I'm going to recommend corporal punishment, since clearly other methods haven't worked for you."
"What? You can't. There's no way I'm letting himhitme." A picture of Ori spanking her ass with that cheeky face of his popped into her mind. Absolutely not.
"What else do you propose, Evelyn? Clearly corner time isn't going to work for you. I'm offering you a deal with no expulsion and no record. Frankly, you should be begging on your knees right now."
Another mental image she didn't want in her mind.
Could she do it? Obviously it was terrible and wrong, butcouldshe? The previous session had taken a toll on her, but she survived it. And the idea of having one punishment and being done with it was admittedly very appealing to her. How much worse could it get? A stinging ass?
Seeing Evelyn lost in thought, Mr Robin said, "Alright, I'll give you a bit of time to think about it. Debrief in the nurse's office, but don't take too long. I'm going to talk to Ori in the meantime. His next class is with Mr Simmons, so maybe we can take out two birds with one stone. I'll come see you after hearing what Ori has to say."
Evelyn was in Ori's next class normally -- a co-ed heath class taught my Mr Simmons -- but she didn't see how the instructor was involved. Was he going to get to see her punishment too, or heaven forbid, add to it? Whatever -- she had made up her mind and she could do this. Just a few minutes of pain and then she would forget this ever happened. Actually, no. First she was going to set Robby's ass on fire, then she would forget it ever happened.
* * * * *
Evelyn spent twenty minutes in the nurse's room (again), stewing over the punishment that was to come. She tried to get some school work done, but it was hopeless. Mr Robin had been very brief in his explanation, but she had a decent image of what she thought it would look like. Mr Simmons, Ori, and her would go to an empty classroom like last time and the pervs would make her strip from the waist down. Ori would spank her, they would berate her for some bullshit reason, and then she could get on with it. She also couldn't rule out that Mr Simmons might take a few smacks, but it still seemed more sufferable than almost being forced to orgasm in front of all of them like in the previous punishment. She would take some pain over humiliation.
Mr Robin walked in, followed by Ori. Mr Robin had cooled somewhat by this point, so his voice was calm when he said, "Ori and Mr Simmons have been kind enough to agree to solve this problem here today. I think you're very lucky that you insulted such understanding people Evelyn, which perhaps makes your case all the more damning. Have you made your decision?"
She supposed therewereworse people to punish her than Ori, but she wasn't so sure about Mr Simmons. Small victories. "Yeah, I'll do it," she said in a soft voice.
"Excellent, let's head to Mr Simmon's room then."
Hearing his name made her decide to try one more reprieve. "Wait! Can you promise me that he won't touch me? It wouldn't be proper."
"I assure you that there's nothing 'improper' about him touching you during disciplinary sessions... But yes, if you're so concerned then I will instruct him not to touch you." Mr Robin figured it might save some headaches later, and he didn't particularly like (or trust) Mr Simmons anyway.
Okay, this might turn out better than she expected. She took a deep breath and walked out of the nurse's office behind the two men, fully clothed for once.
The three of them walked into Mr Simmons' class. He was teaching, and it was always awkward to be with the principal in class. Several of the students looked between Ori and Evelyn, wondering what kind of trouble they had found themselves in.
Mr Simmons wrapped up his lesson. "Evelyn, you've missed a good lesson on nutrition due to your predicament, but, ahh, I think you'll be fine without it," he said as he raked his eyes up and down her body. "Class, I apologize for the interruption, but Evelyn here has disgraced us, and that's something we have to deal with immediately. Isn't that right, Evelyn?"
"Uhh, yes." Why did he have to announce it to the whole class? He just had to drag this out as long as possible.
"Do you mind telling them exactly what you said? Ahh, no matter; I have the paper right here." He listed off the same series of characterizations that Mr Robin had, never intending to let Evelyn tell her side of the story. She looked down at the floor as he did so; the class perfectly silent and at attention.
Mr Simmons finished his list and brought his attention back to Evelyn, saying, "Is that correct?"
"Yes sir, but that doesn't tell the whole story--" she stumbled out before being interrupted.
"BUT? And did you tell these things to a reporter, hoping to have a hit piece written about us?" Mr Simmons asked with rising anger.
"No, not a hit piece."
"Then what would you call it, a letter of recommendation?"
"Just a news story about howyouandthis schoolhave--"
This time Mr Robin interrupted her. "Enough! Always playing the victim. Having read your story, I can personally vouch that Ori and Mr Simmons have never acted improperly against you."
Evelyn sulked. She knew that she would never win over the class nor minimize her punishment this way, so she resolved to stay quiet, at least until they left.
Mr Robin continued, "If you're done being subordinate then maybe we can actually start this." And then to the class, "Luckily for Evelyn, instead of taking this to the board like I should do, we have decided that corporal punishment right here is the best course."
Evelyn cringed; someone in the class quietly snickered, but most of the people in the room were in awe. Even Ori wasn't sure this was how he wanted his afternoon to go. Sure, the idea of spanking Evie was pretty high on his list of pleasurable activities, but he didn't want to burn more of their relationship than he already had. What she wrote about him hurt, but not in the way that he wanted topunishher.
"Evelyn, up here and face the class," Mr Robin said, pointing to a desk at the front of the class that Evelyn just now realized was out of position.
Evelyn walked up with her face equal parts scowl and confusion. The desk being positioned like that made her realize that he might not be bluffing about punishing her in front of everyone, which hit her like a ton of bricks. That would multiply how demeaning the punishment was by approximately 26. She sulked further at the thought.
Mr Robin was ready to get this show on the road. "Ori, get your classmate into position here," he said, slapping the desk, "bent over, butt up, and leggings down."
This elicited a couple of gasps from the girls in the class, while most of the boys could hardly believe their luck. Evelyn was going to strip for all of them, right here in the middle of class?
Ori and Evelyn stared dead at each other. They both knew Mr Robinmighttry something like this, but they weren't expecting him to go through with it, and his vulgar tone threw them off. Evelyn felt her vision narrow and her body stiffened, ready to physically fight Ori off if need be. After all this she didn't think she could go through with it. The shame rising in her from Mr Robin merely mentioning her stripping felt too prickly and hot.
"Err -- does she have to pull her leggings down? They're pretty thin, right?" Ori brokered, taking another look. He would love to see that ass again, but if this ended in Evelyn running out of here it was going to be less fun for everyone involved.
Mr Robin responded, "I don't pretend to know why you're softening the blows for this girl after what she said about you... But I suppose she can keep them for the start."
Evelyn, still looking at Ori, made a 2-second calculation. She wasnotgoing to offer her body up to Mr Robin or Mr Simmons, but perhaps Ori could make this sufferable for her. Some part of him seemed to be genuinely concerned for her this time, and if he was on her side then that changed something for her. She knew she couldn't fully trust Ori after what he did to her a few days ago, but she decided his olive branch would have to be good enough.
Ori walked Evelyn over to the god-forsaken desk: in construction just four cold steel legs and a faceless slab of particleboard, but in spirit the key object in her submission. She bent her knees and lowered her chest down to it, her ass once again stuck out to an appreciative audience. The thought passed her mind that a choice of less form-fitting attire would have been more modest, if she had known what today had in store for her.
The wood was hard and cold, though that feeling might have been heightened by her emotions. She felt ridiculous, more scrunched then bent over due to the low height of the desk, holding onto the front edge for stability. Her head was turned to the left side, and she could only see the bland wall of the classroom and a couple students (including Ori's silhouette) at the very edge of her vision. Again, she was going to have to trust that Ori wouldn't take advantage of his power.
The boys in the classroom did their best to soak up an image of Evelyn's figure, but in honesty it wasn't very scandalous. The biggest difference was that her submission was practically inviting their eyeballs, and she couldn't even see the naughty places they were looking, much less admonish them for it.
Ori didn't have the slightest clue how to start, but luckily Mr Robin was ready to take up the slack. He bent over and gave Evelyn's right kneecap a small smack, saying, "Straighten up and give Ori a proper target."
Her legs being a little taller than the desk, Evelyn both scooted her feet back and lifted her hips up in order to get her legs straight. Ori sized up his target from her left side: Evelyn's hips bent at slightly more than 90 degrees, that and muscle tension giving her shapely, black-fabric-encased butt a more mild intersection than usual. She kept her legs comfortably together, so although her leggings were tight, the material gapped over more naughty crevices for the moment.
"Alright Ori, five smacks to start us off," Mr Robin said, "And I don't want whatever is going on between you two to get in the way. I'm going to make sure you inflict pain, and if you don't I'm going to do it myself."
Smack. Ori did a quick stroke and tentatively hit her right cheek. Evelyn grimaced at the humiliation, but there wasn't much pain behind it. It felt like a playful tap more than anything.
"Ori, harder. She's not made of porcelain," Mr Robin commanded.
Ori didn't like being bossed around. It made him look weak and, besides, he was just warming up. He wound up about two feet this time and sent a SLAP on her left cheek.
Evelyn shifted as she felt the strike resonate through her skin and muscle. She could definitely feel it now, and the loud, shrill sound of his hand on her ass made her wrinkle up her face in shame. She didn't deserve this, not really.
Ori paused for a second -- partially to let her cool down and partially for theatrics -- and then SLAP went another alternating strike, this one with a bit more force at the end.
The next strike made a TIK sound as Ori swung slightly lower than horizontal, striking the sensitive area where thigh meets buttock, his fingers curling just slightly toward her inner thigh. Though not as acoustic, Evelyn felt this one more and twitched forward slightly, her body wanting to straighten up to get away from the sensation. But she stayed down and resisted against making any noise, definitely not giving anyone in the room the satisfaction.
Ori finished up his last two strikes in the same manner, alternating simple SLAPs that heated Evelyn's butt up without putting her in too much pain or risking really hurting her. Evelyn felt the sensations change as the increased blood flow to her ass also increased the sensation. She was no longer thinking about the desk or Mr Robin, her mind mostly devoted to predicting when, where, and how Ori's hand was going to come back down on her. Though, a large part of her mind was constantly focused on how mortifying this was.
Mr Simmons, now sitting in a desk facing Evelyn to hide his growing erection, was more than pleased at how her punishment was going, but Mr Robin was less so. He was toeing a fine line, thinking about the long-term and what he had to prove. If that reporter hadn't been so clumsy and underestimated him, he could have had a very bad media blitz on his hands. Frankly, he needed to nip the students' discontent and rebellion in the bud. No defamation of his new policies or the school in general would be tolerated, and he planned to use Evelyn as a prime example. Word about this would get through the school the moment this class let out, and he wanted the message to be: "don't fuck with Mr Robin".
"Alright Ori, no more warm up," Mr Robin commanded again, "She needs to really feel these. Get those leggings off and we can really get started."
Evelyn craned her neck to look at Ori, and when she caught his eye she shook her head just enough for him to notice, trying to plead with him not to do this. Ori looked away. She knew that she was nearly powerless to stop it. Getting up and running out would throw away what she'd gone through already and just make Mr Robin angrier. She was going to have to tough it out and let thirty of her classmates watch Ori spank her half-naked ass. She closed her eyes. How was she supposed to look at any of her classmates in the eyes after this?
Ori walked up behind Evelyn until his erection was almost touching her ass. He put his hands into the waistband of her leggings and whispered a short, "sorry..." He really wouldn't have done it if Mr Robin didn't command him.
Every boy in the class strained to get a better view as Ori slowly pulled the soft black cloth down her hips, the top band of her maroon hipster-cut panties coming into view. Evelyn held her breath and tried to fight down the list of anxieties rattling around in her head: what if he grabbed her panties too; what if she had camel toe; god, what if she was wet down there... You would think that having been more exposed only a week ago would have prepared her for this moment, but in reality this felt much more shameful; the sheer number of eyes getting to her. She finally got control of her mind and reasoned that it wasn't quite as bad as before.
"Oh, and class: no pictures unless you want to be up here joining your classmate," Mr Robin commanded. That should have made Evelyn feel more secure, but it only heightened the reality.
Ori got the leggings over her ass and pulled them the rest of the way down to her ankles. He had to admit that it was a very sexy sight. Unlike last time, today she didn't know she was going to be punished, so she had no reason to desex her outfit this morning. Her panties were close enough to full coverage, but in this position were stretched such that the bottom quarter of her ass was sticking out, slightly pinkened by now. Between her thighs only a definitionless maroon pouch was visible, but the implication was exciting.
Mr Robin stepped back in, saying, "Finally we're getting somewhere. How do you feel, Evelyn?"
She responded only with a monotone, "Fine," her eyes still closed.
"Hmm, take ten more for how she disrespected Mr Simmons, and you need to hit harder. She's barely responding." He was determined to getsomethingout of her.
Evelyn flashed her eyes open as a louder SLAP was brought upon the meaty part of her right haunch, bringing genuine pain that reverberated down her leg (and around her pussy) for a moment. She was sure that one was going to grow red.
"Use a glancing blow and you can hit harder. You're notreallygoing to hurt her," Mr Robin chimed in again, perhaps getting a little too excited.
Ori's frustration grew, and he stopped thinking about Evelyn as a person for a second. He did just as Mr Robin instructed, winding up nicely and giving a hard, ringing SLAP to the same spot as the previous.
This time Evelyn couldn't help but give out a small, short, high-pitched "uhh" from the back of her throat. She felt her face grow hot from both the indignation at her pain and the shame at having given off such a submissive and, depending on interpretation, sexual noise. They were really starting to hurt now; her ass still felt like it was on fire a few seconds after the impact. She squirmed around a bit, trying both to flex and massage her skin and not allow Ori to hit the exact same spot for a third time. She wasn't sure she could handle nine more like that and was regretting giving Ori this much leeway with her body and sensations.
The class, even silent as they were, just barely heard Evelyn's moan. Mr Robin broke into a bit of a smile, and most of the boys were right along with him, their sadism coming out as things heated up. Now Ori was eliciting the desired response.
The next three slaps were in quick succession, and they were plenty loud, but he spread them out, Ori's new objective being to involve the whole area. It was a lot of sensation for Evelyn, but it was more heat and buzz than sheer pain like the last one. She had to admit that other, more erogenous areas were heating up too. She kept imagining all those boys drooling over her, wishing they could be the one to spank her, and her mind kept flipping back to when Ori was incessantly goading her clit a few days ago.
Ori had a rhythm now, doling out a SLAP, waiting a couple seconds, and then giving another SLAP in the opposite area. Evelyn had stopped being quite as tense, but she couldn't stop flinching forward for a half second after every contact. The cadence was slow enough for her to come back to a certain baseline and acknowledge every hit, but fast enough that she was progressively heating up, every strike building on the last.
After he finished all ten, Ori took an intermission to kneel down and inspect his work. All the ass that was sticking out of her panties was a solid pink, most of it on the way to red. He imagined that sitting would be decently painful for her now. He took both his hands and massaged her butt, his thumbs dipping into her crack. He doubted that that particular part of her anatomy would be on the itinerary for today, but he could dream. Instead, he settled for feeling the decently intense heat coming off her ass and savoring her soft skin once again.
At first the touch was uncomfortable for Evelyn -- the skin very sensitive -- but as he continued she did grow to enjoy it. 'Don't love the player, love the game,' she supposed, hating the situation while her body enjoyed the sensation. She was still on edge about the possibility of him spontaneously pulling down her panties, but he had been subservient to Mr Robin so far. Nonetheless, she knew she still had a lot of pain left to go.
Mr Robin, enjoying being able to play an active role, demanded again, "Take her underwear off. Then you're doing ten spanks for the despicable things she said about me and I want there to be no question how these things will be dealt with."
Evelyn threw herself off the desk with dismay and betrayal in her eyes while Ori backed away from her. This perverted dick couldn't do that to her! She was about to yell at him, but as she turned around thirty sets of eyes bored into her, many of them directly on her panties already, interpolating what she would look like without them based on how her mound shaped the fabric. Their stares dissolved the fight from her lungs and she stumbled with her response.
So it was Ori who spoke first, saying, "Uhh, actually I don't think I'm comfortable with that, Mr Robin. Not here anyway. Not if she doesn't want to."
Mr Robin was taken aback, but Ori's hesitation only made him angrier. "Fine, then take them off yourself Evelyn." He was going to get that ass nude and stung one way or another.
She felt the emotion rise in her face, threatening to come out as tears as she responded, "Please sir, Ori's right. It's way too degrading and the punishment has already hurt a lot."
But he couldn't back down now. With a slight, crooked smile he said, "No, I've made my decision. Face the class, get your panties off, and then maybe we can finish this up."
She instinctively covered her mouth with her hand before realizing how much that put her emotions on display. Damn, facing the class would be even worse. Maybe she should have let Ori take them off after all.
She took a deep breath and hooked her left thumb into the front of her panties, silently cursing Mr Robin the whole time. She was so on edge that the garment felt like part of her body, as if her nerves extended into it. She could also feel her top, not quite long enough to cover anything important, coming down just below her navel. Her eyes were closed, but she could still imagine the fabric of her panties wrinkling as they folded over themselves before pulling the gusset from between her legs. Once again she demurely covered with her right hand, at this point acing the one-handed disrobe.
Her panties floated the rest of the way down her legs on their own accord, finalizing her vulnerable state of undress. She solemnly stepped out of them and turned around, preparing to get back into the dreaded position. Obviously this would show the class her bare ass, and she was pretty damn mortified about that, but it couldn't be helped. Plus, it was definitely better than showing off her pussy, pubic hair and all.
As she started bending over the desk again, she recognized that she might be about to give a little 'doggy-style pussy show'. She reluctantly removed her right hand from its covering (needing it for balance) and just hoped for the best, figuring that it wouldn't be too obscene if she kept her thighs tight together. She shouldn't have to be doing these fucking calculations just to preserve a modicum of modesty in front of her entire class!
In all honesty her ass was a little on the flat side, but not a soul in the class minded. As she started bending over it tightened up and showed its true shape, giving a cute and pinchable curvature without overlapping itself. Her skin was fully pink and goose-bumped from the attention it had received so far. It was clear to the class that her spanking had hurt after all.
And it turned out biology would not be on Evelyn's side today. As she settled into full perpendicularity, unknown to her, she was showing off a respectable amount of intimate flesh between her thighs. Only the students in the middle of the room could see it, but those couple boys were more than a little afraid of having an accident in the middle of class. She would have been absolutely mortified if she knew, but peaking between her thighs was a shadowed pair of tan-pink labia with her little slit between them, hinting deliciously at the vagina within. A few of the boys on the outside craned their view, cursing their luck at being just beyond this obscene and sexy display.
As Ori stepped up to the plate again, he did his best not to block anyone's view. In the end she had exposed herself, and he couldn't betray his classmates by compromising this view. Starting again, he hit her much the same as the previous few strikes, but without any padding between his hand and her ass it was much more percussive. Evelyn let out a light, "mmh," at this point caring less about whatever reactions she made. But the slap was so loud she feared a class adjacent might have heard it, and she shivered as she realized that the classroom door was probably still open.
While the removal of her panties might not have done much to increase her pain, it sure ramped up the visual pleasure for the class. They could now see the force ripple all the way through her ass as Ori hit her, ending in an enticing bounce or two as the energy dissipated.
Having found the sweet spot for how hard to hit, Ori finished this set formulaically. Evelyn groaned, moaned, or otherwise gave a soft expression each time she was hit; Ori keeping her just at the level of stimulation where it was hard to keep totally quiet, stay still, or be totally present in the room. Her eyes were closed, her ass was rhythmically moving, and for the moment she was forced to bring her attention away from the class and onto her pain.
Though being forced to display herself was what was turning her on before, as she sunk into herself slightly she found that now the sensation itself was turning her on, and this felt like it had more substance to it, like it was growing from the very core of her person. Her mind demanded a person to project this new arousal onto, and of course she could only visualize Ori, as much as her irritation with him grew with each offensive strike.
As Ori finished this set of spankings he shook his hand, the stinging sensation from the now-lengthy punishment finally overcoming his hormones. He realized that he had given Evelyn her punishment for disrespecting Mr Robin and then Mr Simmons, but he hadn't taken his own yet. He backed away a bit and took in the whole scene, Evelyn staying put as she hadn't been ordered to move yet.
"Alright Ori, time for you to take your own retribution. Do you want any variations or would you like to just keep going?" Mr Robin asked. As much as he liked directing, he was already pretty happy with how much punishment Ori had put down and it seemed the most fair for him to direct from this point.
Ori considered for a minute. Looking over her reddened ass, he knew Evelyn had already learned her lesson and her punishment was starting to drag on from repetition. If he could spice things up he would, and Evelyn would certainly appreciate a reprieve from her ass being publicly beat. And he was still considering her wellbeing on some level. "Actually, could I finish up with her in private? I'd like to talk to her about a few things."
"I suppose you did donate your time last week, so that seems only fair." Mr Robin could not figure out why Ori kept abetting her (except perhaps that he was trying to date or fuck her), but it was irritating him. He needed a united front against her. "But this doesn't mean you should go easy on her."
Evelyn was lightly rubbing her ass, making sure Ori hadn't left any lasting damage. She was pretty sure he hadn't, but this had been her first spanking in ten years and she wasn't sure how long it was going to take to recover. At any rate, she was desperately hoping (perhaps against the odds) that whatever Ori had in mind didn't involve her ass in any way, even sitting.
Evelyn was properly scared to be alone with Ori, but she would have taken a great many ridiculous deals to improve upon her current situation. And she did want to talk to Ori if he was going to be fair and straight with her. She felt constantly taken advantage of and she was going to pry out any empathy left in him.
"Hmm... I should be able to find an empty classroom you can use, and you already know what you are and aren't allowed to do." Mr Robin planned out. He glanced at the clock and then grabbed Evelyn's leggings and threw them on Mr Simmon's desk. This had already taken half a period.
Evelyn stood up at Mr Robin's command, her hand modestly over her pussy again. The students almost collectively sighed as they had their last look at her upturned rump and faintly emerging pubic lips. She watched Mr Robin pick up her intimate underthings and stretch them out as if inspecting them before handing them to her. A few boys scurried back to their seats at the far sides of the classroom, having moved to the middle for a purpose that Evelyn shivered at as she imaged their viewpoint. She knew better than to ask for her leggings back after putting her panties on.
"Alright Mr Simmons, I hope this does something to put the issue to bed for you," Mr Robin said.
Putting it 'to bed' was the proper term in this case. Having this experience with Evelyn was something Mr Simmons had only imagined in his wildest dreams. He still had an erection, so he trundled back to his desk with a hand deep in his pocket, saying, "Oh, it absolutely does." He then went over his teaching notes, disappointed that he was going to have to bring this class back to something educational before he would get a chance to rub one out as he imagined himself punishing Evelyn's lithe body, its form permanently ingrained in his memory.
"Follow me you two," Mr Robin said.
Evelyn couldn't resist taking a last look at the class as she left the classroom, shuddering once again as she took in all the stares directly at her. Her eyes started to well up as she considered how fast the rumors about what happened today would travel. She didn't know how she was going to handle the questions, but she did know that her status at the school wasn't going to be the same ever again.
* * * * *
I have one more chapter planned out and partially written, so that should be coming fairly soon.
My goal with this series was to write something that felt plausible, with characters that had (a little) more than one dimension, and to give a frame-by-frame description of how these erotic and humiliating situations feel. After the next chapter those goals will be realized, so I don't have any specific plans to continue this universe. That doesn't mean it won't happen, just that I would need inspiration and a good premise.
However, I've also started another story with a few similar themes. Emery is a femboy in college who admits his submissive and exhibitionist kinks to his female roommate. She gives him a night to remember with the help of two more classmates, with a focus on how Emery's gender impacts his humiliation and submission. It's a little more lighthearted than this one and it's my first story in first person, so it's been a fun side project for when I get stalled here.