This Chapter like all the story has been edited by TRCIII, I would like to thank him for the hard work in making this story as good as it can be!
Chloe sat at her desk. It was not long to home time on Wednesday, and she was looking forward to seeing Andy. She was not sure why he had made the last two days hard; the vibrating love egg had a lot to answer for. On Sunday evening she had unpacked it and read the instructions. Nothing that you wouldn't expect in there, so she downloaded the app, set it up and paired the egg to her phone. As instructed, she sent the details to Andy, with a message saying she would put it in before she left for work in the morning.
He had fired back a message that said, 'You had better still be adhering to the no knickers rule.' There had been a few crying laughing emojis attached too, although she did not see the funny side of that; she had almost been caught several times now, and she was sure Tim had told a couple of guys she was not wearing knickers. They were clearly trying to see.
However, in the morning she had dutifully slipped the egg into its natural home. She had actually surprised herself at how wet she was for it; the thought of giving Andy that control at that point was very arousing. Not so much now. She had then confirmed that the egg and phone were connected, and noticed that there was a request from Andy to join the account on the app, and she approved it. Not 30 seconds later the egg vibrated for 10 seconds. She had to sit back down on her bed, it was so intense.
The next one came as she waited for the lift at work; she had at least 6 people around her, and it was all she could do to stand up straight. A tiny whimper slipped from her lips, as she was forced to take the short steps into the lift with it still going. It cut off as the doors shut, and the relieved breath that she let out drew a couple of sideways glances from the others going up.
She was pleased there were no more for a good period and she was at her desk and working when Tim walked up. Before he went to his desk he walked to hers, and in a quiet voice said, "You didn't need to take my keys away. I wasn't going to drive."
"Better safe than sorry," Chloe responded, "How was your head? You were a mess when you got back here Friday afternoon."
"I was bad Saturday morning when I came back to collect my car, head banging like I don't ever recall before. But I don't remember coming back here Friday at all. I just woke up in my chair about 6:30." He spoke in a very confident, but very quiet, way as he continued. "I did have a dream, though, that I am not completely sure was a dream, if you know what I mean."
"I absolutely know what you mean," she said, "but a dream is all it will remain," with a smile on her face that she could not suppress no matter how hard she tried. Tim's eyes had gone wide, as he turned and walked to his desk.
As he walked Chloe said to his back, "By the way, there is nothing about me you should find intimidating." Tim spun around; clearly that confirmed to him that it was not a dream at all. He looked at her for a moment, then sat at his desk. She caught him looking at her several times that morning, and every time he was looking under her desk trying to work out if she had knickers on.
Chloe smiled at him as she got up for lunch; it must be torture for him having that fuzzy memory, knowing he had been close to her pussy, but not remembering it well enough. She was very conflicted. Part of her wanted to drag out the torture, be suggestive, and that part of her made her run her hand down her dress as she walked over to him. The fabric went tight over her body, and it was clear to anybody that saw that there were no panties there. And Tim was looking closely. However, she also felt a little sorry for him; her interactions with him over the last few weeks had significantly increased, and she actually liked him, so in addition to wanting to torture him, she wanted to make it better too. Which was why she walked towards him, to say, "Look, I was a little mean Friday. Let me buy you lunch?"
Tim was just about the right side of eager as he moved to join her, and they walked together to the canteen, exchanging small talk about work. Once they had both selected a light lunch, Chloe paid and they sat down next to each other in one of the quieter parts of the room, which Chloe steered them towards.
As they ate, Chloe said, "Tim, I know I have been teasing you a bit..."
Before she could say anymore, Tim spoke in a whisper, leaning in to her, "Just tell me. Did I lean against your thigh and watch you rub yourself on Friday?"
Chloe looked at him. He was bright red and clearly had said that without the real confidence to do it. That was evident by the panicked look in his eyes. She said slowly, "I am not interested in you like that, but yes, in your drunken state, my teasing got way out of hand."
His eyes went from panicked to wide and shocked, in a heartbeat. Chloe ignored that and carried on with small talk.
As they finished eating, Chloe looked around. There was nobody close and definitely nobody looking her way. She swallowed, then said, "I feel really bad that I took advantage of your drunken state, so consider this making up for it."
Chloe took his hand, her hand over the top of his and guided it quickly to her dress. She pushed his hand into her body, and then ran it down her side, to her leg, clearly letting him feel that there were no panties there. She pushed his hand onto her inner thigh, not ten millimetres from her pussy, with just the fabric of her dress between. He must be able to feel the heat. Then with timing that was impossible to be worse, Andy struck, and the egg vibrated. Chloe had never intended to run his hand around on to her inner thigh, but she had found the first part so arousing that she kept going, and as the vibration shot through her pussy, she flinched heavily, and threw Tim's hand back at him.
"What was that?" he exclaimed. He had clearly felt the vibration.
"Nothing," she replied. "I took it too far again. Sorry." She moved to get up and leave. Tim grabbed her hand and pulled her back down.
"I don't want to be inappropriate, but you at least owe me an explanation." His voice was uncertain and maybe even a little scared.
Chloe sat back down; Andy had a lot to answer for with this damn remote vibrator. Her head raced for a moment trying to work out what to say. Then after a moment, she thought she had a plan.
"Do you know what a DOM and SUB are?" she emphasised the words.
"I think so," Tim said not sounding sure.
"Fine, in really simple terms, a Sub is somebody that willingly gives over control of their sex life to another person, and that person is their Dom. There is a lot more to it than that, but you get the idea?" Chloe was keeping her voice low.
"Errr, yes, I understand, but I thought that type of thing only happened in porn." There was scepticism in his voice as he said this.
"No, it is real. I am a Sub, and my Dom keeps giving me tasks, like flashing you the other week, and on Friday I had a task to get you to watch me masturbate." Chloe was nervous telling him this much, but he was not overreacting. In fact, he looked slightly embarrassed. So, she carried on. "Today I have a remote-control vibrator...in me, and my Dom activates it when he feels like, and I have to cope. That's what you just felt."
"Wow," Tim looked amazed now.
"You say a word to anybody and I end you; I have film of you," Chloe was clear with her words, and tried hard not to sound threatening.
"Whooo, Whooo," Tim said, hands up in defence. "I am not saying anything. It sounds hot, and I want you to tell me all about it."
Chloe was not sure how to respond, but before she could Tim then blurted, "Can I see the vibrator, too?"
Chloe stood, "I'll think about it." She said as she walked away, taking her plate and tray to the disposal stand. As she walked away, Tim came up to her.
"You have my 100% discretion," he said, before giving her a big, genuine smile.
"OK, I am thinking about it," she said.
As soon as she was back at her desk she texted Andy, 'Don't ask how, but Tim knows about the vibrator. It's your fault! Bloody bad timing or what! How much can I tell/show him to keep him quiet?'
It took a good 20 minutes for Andy to come back, but his response was not really what Chloe wanted to see at all.
'We will discuss punishment for your failure, Wednesday, along with the punishment for speaking to me like that. However, tell him whatever you need to. Protect your job and private life; there will be no punishment for whatever you need to do for that. And if you need me to assist, l will. Oh, and if you have to be a little naughty to buy his silence, then I want proof of that.'
Chloe looked at the message, fuming that she was to be punished for his screw up. Well, actually no, she was wet at the thought of punishment, but she was still fuming, even as she wrote 'Yes, Master. I am sorry, Master,' and sent it.
That was the worst of the "incidents," and she still had to sort Tim out at some point, but he wasn't in today, so she had not had to deal. However, it was now 10 minutes until she left for the day, and since Tim, Andy had activated the egg when she was driving home that evening with her mum in the car. She had squirmed in the seat and you could hear the vibrations. Thankfully, her mum thought it was her phone. Then he had done it six, yes SIX, times in college yesterday. She had almost fallen down the stairs for one of them, and by the end of the day there was one girl and two boys that were giving her odd looks; they knew something was up.
Today he had mostly been more restrained, but she had spent over half her lunch break with it going, but it had been silent since.
Chloe packed her things and shot out the door dead on leaving time. She was out the car park as quickly, too. She was a little nervous that she had no idea what her punishment would be today, but she also hoped that Andy was going to fuck her for the second time. Just the thought of that made her pussy and clit flutter and tingle.
By the time she pulled up on Andy's drive she was the picture of excitement. Her own thoughts had spun around each other as she drove, and it was all she could do not to give herself a little rub on the drive. She skipped up the drive to the door, basking in the lovely spring sunshine, and knocked with a firm-but-playful knock.
Andy opened the door quickly; she was at least a couple of minutes early, so was smiling that she would not get punished for that. "Good afternoon, Miss Moore," said Andy also smiling. Actually, he looked playful as he continued. "I presume you are here to have your nether regions punished, and made red and sore?"
"I am here for you to use my body however you see fit, Master," she replied, the slightest giggle in her voice.
Andy swung the door open and let her in, and as she removed her shoes, he closed it behind him, and for the first time she heard him lock it.
She was not concerned about that, but had to ask, "Why have you locked the door?"
Andy smiled again, then replied, "Because we are out in the garden today, and I don't ever leave the door unlocked if I am out there. You can't hear anything in the house."
She followed him out to the garden saying, "Fair enough." It was a large garden that she knew well from playing in it as a child. There was a lot of space, but none of the garden was overlooked, and Chloe knew from personal experience that you could scream and shout all you wanted out there, and none of the neighbours were close enough to hear.
Today, sitting on the patio in front of her was the picnic bench, the same as you see in pub gardens up and down the country. It wasn't normally there; it had been swapped with the main hardwood dining set that Andy and his wife used normally. She had never seen it like this; there were cuffs and ropes attached to it today, and on one of the seats was a butt plug. It might have been the one he used last time, but it looked a bit bigger than that one felt. There was also a leather strap, lube, and a good-sized dildo.
Chloe was very pleased to see the strap; it was the one thing that really drove her wild. The pain was intense, but the feelings that pain produced were, to be frank, heavenly. Chloe did not wait to be told: she removed her blouse and bra, and slipped her skirt down, picking it up and folding it delicately before placing it all on a chair, with her shoes underneath. She stood naked, looking expectantly at the bench, the warm sun playing on her soft skin. She stretched, head up and arms into the air; she felt her breasts lift as she did. She was not really used to being naked outside, but this felt really good. As she relaxed and opened her eyes, she caught Andy, mouth open, staring at her. She had clearly made an impression there, but he composed himself quickly, and indicated that he wanted her on the bench.
He moved swiftly and her legs were both secured to a leg of the bench. They were a good meter apart, her knees pulled against the seat. It was not a comfortable position really; her arse, and for that matter her pussy, felt very exposed. Her belly was resting against the table part, and Andy took her hand and pulled it to cuffs on the other side, then he did the other one. This was the most immobile that Chloe had ever been. She was tied not-quite-spreadeagle, because her legs were bent around the seat, and she was bent at the waist, so the middle part of her was across the table, leaving her breasts hanging free on the other side.
"This is not the most comfortable position," she said. "I feel very exposed, Master."
Andy laughed a little, the said, "It is not supposed to be comfortable; it is meant to give me full access to punish you. You have been very naughty this week, Miss Moore."
"Please tell me my punishments, Master," Chloe said, again a little giggle slipping into her voice. "I want your punishment; I have failed you and I want what I deserve."
"Cheeky little minx today, I see," Andy said. His voice trying to be commanding, but there was too much affection slipping through for Chloe to fully believe it. He coughed and then continued, as he produced a silk blindfold from somewhere and proceeded to tie it around her eyes. She was completely blind as Andy said, "You failed to keep the egg secret. That is 10 lashes. You compounded your failure by blaming me for it, which is another 5 lashes."
Chloe spoke softly, "I am sorry, Master," but she could not completely contain the excitement at the idea of 15 lashes with that strap.
"If only you were as sorry as you protest," Andy said, "but you are not, or were not, I should say, when telling me. You were rude, and did not show the respect that a slave gives to her Master."
"No, Master, I didn't. I was over-emotional and wrong," Chloe did not believe a word she had just said, but she played the game because it was clearly leading to more punishment.
"Another 10 lashes for that indiscretion," Andy said, then continued. "You are blindfolded, and I don't intend to give you the pleasure of knowing when or where your lashes will land. Today, I will play with you, like a doll. I will pleasure you, and punish you, at random. There will be things you have not experienced before and things you have. Are we clear, and are you happy with that?"
"Yes, Master," Chloe said clearly.
"Please tell me your safe word," he said.
Chloe swallowed. She was not so comfortable now; he had not asked her to confirm that before. But she cleared her throat and as clearly as she could manage said, "Pineapple."
"Excellent," Andy half-laughed. "We will begin."
Andy walked away from Chloe. He had a couple of items that he did not want her to see, and he wanted the feelings to be a surprise--a shock almost. He quickly went to the kitchen, his feet crunching the stone underneath as he did. He grabbed a hurricane candleholder, with a lit candle inside that produced an unreal amount of molten wax, some ice, and a Wartenberg pinwheel. As he walked back towards the garden and Chloe, he caught view of her, her beautiful form tied and helpless, and the sun on her naked body. He turned back and grabbed the camera from the living room. It thankfully had the right lens for this already on. As his feet made contact with the stone again, he saw her ears prick up. She was trying to guess what he was doing and where he was.
Andy moved around her, and took a couple of pictures in positions where the light was right. They really captured the beauty that Chloe radiated, tied as she was. He impressed himself with the portraits of bondage that he took. He also took a couple of less-artful pictures, raunchier, and with more graphic detail of her body. He filmed it as his hand moved to her pussy; she twitched as he touched her, then removed the egg, and she sighed as he did. For a fleeting moment a thought went through his head that he could be happy doing this to Chloe for the rest of his life. He crushed it quickly; he knew he was just a teacher, and while he may hold a special place in her heart, she would move on when she knew enough to break out as her own sexual being, confident in not only what she wanted, but how to get it from men her own age. Andy was determined, though, to get every ounce of enjoyment that he could, out of this time together.
Chloe waited. It seemed like forever, his footsteps disappearing away from her into the house, then returning, an age later. What had he been up to, she pondered? She listened as she heard the shutter on an expensive camera go several times. Andy could have whatever pictures of her that he wanted, but she hoped she would get to see them too. Then his fingers probed at her pussy, and she flinched. She did not mean to, but his touch was a surprise. His fingers slipped in and took the egg from her. Chloe thought her pussy felt empty without it. Then Andy's footsteps around her started again. It was like he was circling her, looking for the weak spot to probe. She had no idea what to expect, or where. Then it hit her: pins walking across her right breast, marching towards her areola and nipple. She yelped. Well, she would claim it was a yelp of surprise, but it was a scream. She was not ready for that at all. She knew in moments what it was; she had seen Wartenberg wheels in her research, and she guessed she now knew what one felt like. The wheel circled her areola, then diverted and ran straight across her nipple, to a squeak of discomfort.
As suddenly as the sensation on her breast started, it was gone. She listened again to Andy walking around her; this was torture, not knowing what to expect. But she did not have to wait long. There was a swish though the air and her exposed butt cheeks exploded with pain as the strap fell across them. She yelped again, and this was a yelp, but the pain, the sting that remained, was exquisite. The crunching of stones never missed a beat, and neither did it as the second swish happened, and slightly lower on her cheeks another stroke landed, to her grunt that was a mix of pain and pleasure.
The crunching of stones flowing around her was disorientating; she could see nothing. The only thing that she could move more than a twitch was her head, and as that circling happened, slaps three and four landed across her buttocks, and Chloe yelped with each one. They seemed to happen when the crunching of stone was in a different place each time; she was not prepared for any of them. The pain of each one was fabulous, but she had never felt so out of control.
The steps stopped behind her, then moments later the wheel slowly ran down her back, making her twitch and squirm in her bonds; it was completely involuntary. The wheel kept going into the top of her arse crack then down into her arse, until the pins pressed against her sphincter. That was so sensitive, each pin on the wheel could be felt. She shuddered as it was removed, her sense of touch so acute at that moment. Then the wheel was replaced: two very lubricated fingers probed her arse, then slipped inside, just teasing open her little brown star enough to stretch it a little, as the lube was massaged in. Chloe moaned. She was still not really used to a butt plug, and for the most part did not really like it. But in one of the contradictions that her sexual discovery had thrown up, she really liked what it did to other feelings when one was in. She was sure the fingers were preparing her for the plug, and sure enough as the fingers slipped out and away a hard, cold, but lube-covered plug pushed against her.
Chloe was shocked by how easily the plug entered her tight little arse, but as with every time one had been inserted, either by her or Andy, the widest part hurt. But that lasted only a moment, because it was in, and her butt closed around the stem. She tried to move her muscles to get it comfortable, but quickly felt it being pushed out. She relaxed immediately, and let it settle back in. She heard Andy snigger; he was enjoying that far too much. As she thought that, the swish filled the air again, and true to his previous form, the strap landed across Chloe's nether lips, the end whipping against her clit. That was the ultimate pleasure and pain for Chloe. She loved the sting as it landed, she loved the buzzing feeling it sent through her whole pussy, and she really loved the way it made her clit explode in a song to her body. She moaned that carnal moan of desire, which definitely told Andy she loved that.
He repeated it twice, the feeling dancing across her whole body, the pleasure of that burning pain every time it landed, but the moan was more like a woman approaching orgasm every time. Chloe was sure that if Andy whipped her enough there, she would cum. As she lost herself in the feeling of burning pleasure that had been produced, three slaps landed across her arse, breaking the feeling of pleasure and bringing her back to her punishment. Her cheeks were stinging a lot now, and there were still fifteen strokes to take.
Her lack of vision meant that it was a surprise as Andy's hands cupped her breasts. He stroked and played, her nipples going from hard to bullets, as he caressed them gently. Then his warm breath fell on the left one, and before she knew it, his mouth was around the nipple and covering her breast. His tongue flicked and played with the nipple. Chloe's mind disappeared from reality, dreaming of that tongue playing with her body, on a hot beach, on an island with nobody else around, her naked body pressed against the sand, Andy the only man in the world and focused whole-heartedly on her.
As his fingers fluttered up her lips, breaking them apart and playing in the wetness that she had produced, the fantasy that her mind was creating just intensified. His thumb circled her clit, as he swapped across to her right breast with his tongue. She moaned, the deeply satisfied moan of somebody lost to the world. Chloe moaned and grunted as his fingers teased and excited her, driving her closer and closer to an orgasm. She was almost lost to that, when a tiny part of her mind made her hold back. She did not know why, but as Andy pushed harder, the part of her mind stopping that orgasm pushed back harder. There was something missing: she was not going to cum, though her body was more than ready. She was on the edge, then all of the touch was gone in an instant. She mourned the loss, until with a crash, and the sound of a swish, the strap fell again against her cheeks, four in quick succession that made her cry out in pain and discomfort. While fighting that pain, she realised she had not cum because she did not have permission. She was surprised at herself, but also very pleased. The fifth stroke landed again across her lips and clit, making her let out an anguished cry of pleasure.
Chloe was sucking in a breath, and calming herself when she howled; the pinwheel ran firmly and slowly up her right pussy lip onto her clit. She was not sure if it was the discomfort of the wheel or the shock of the wheel against her body again that caused it, but it ran down her left pussy lip, and was gone. She had not felt anything like that before; there was something very unique in it. She whispered in a soft voice that was coloured by her state of arousal, "Master, that was amazing. I want more of that."
Chloe heard the movement stop, then Andy said, "Thank you for sharing; I need more direction from you like that." There was a little pause, then she felt him sit in front of her; she could not see him, but could feel him in front of her naked body. Andy continued, "When we are together the sex seems to just flow, you taking, and appearing to love everything that I throw at you."
Chloe was not sure if she was supposed to answer or not, but she took the opportunity. "I have not disliked anything you have done. I want to experience as much as possible, learn as much as possible." She laughed, then continued, "And I definitely want to cum like I did last week." She paused, and it did not appear Andy was ready to reply. But his hands started to massage her nipples and play, which made her smile. However, she continued, "I really don't mind that we don't talk much; it is not like we are planning to live together. From my side, we communicate enough to drive this wild sex and learning. You get me to do things I would never dream of doing, then when I am here, I am a slave to the things you want to do to me, and for me that is perfect. I really don't want long conversations changing that. I want the pain, the discomfort, the teasing that borders on torture. If it's driving this sexual game, and causing those euphoric orgasms, I am fine if you have me crying in pain." Chloe sucked in a long breath, she could not believe she had blurted all that out, but she had to add one thing. "I don't want to tell you what to do in any way; just use me, and I will let you know when something really does it for me, if it is not obvious from my reaction."
Andy's hands where wandering all over her body, now. Not being able to see meant she had no idea how he took that, but he did not speak for a good few moments. Then as he stood and removed his touch from her, he said, "OK, I can work with that." His voice moved behind her as he then continued, "For me, my time with you is a dream come true. I love having freedom to use a body like yours. I will try to work more of the things you like in, but I will be making sure you suffer for your..." he paused recalling exactly the phrase he wanted, then said, "...euphoric orgasms."
As he finished, Chloe felt the most intense heat move up her pussy lips and then linger just a bit too long on her clit. She cried out, "Jesus fucking Christ," just as the heat disappeared, and the intense cold of an ice cube slipped very quickly up her lips and then settled on her clit. She positively shook in her bonds at the sensations; her clit was singing again. The ice pressed into her and the heat was completely forgotten, as the ice moved, bouncing her clit into her pubic bone. It was so weird, the pressure and movement of her clit was driving her back towards and orgasm, but the intense cold of ice was painful. She had no idea whether to love or hate this, and that just made her want it to continue. Andy worked her, as her breathing became slower and deeper, her orgasm building now, her body twitching and starting to fire that electrical energy that only seemed to arrive after being denied the opportunity to cum. And she was on her way to cumming, but she knew Andy would stop.
Sure enough, Andy stopped, at the point she squeaked at the pressure of her clit bouncing from one side of her pubic bone to the other. He must have had the strap in the other hand because in a fleeting moment after the ice was gone, the strap collided with her lips and clit again. She moaned loudly, the strike pushing harder on her desire to cum than she would have liked in that instant. As if he could read her mind Andy said, "Don't you dare cum."
In a voice that inspired no confidence that it was not already too late she replied, "No, Master, not until you command that I can."
Chloe forced down the feelings of an orgasm, and waited. Then two more slaps fell squarely across her lips and clit. The burn was intense now, and she was sure they would be an ungodly red, but she let out the type of carnal moan that she normally received for the moment of orgasm, the type of moan that relieved the pressure, letting it explode out. She was teasing Andy, making him unsure if he had pushed too far; she had control and was not cumming, but she wanted him to be unsure.
Moments later she wished she had not; two slaps with the strap arrived, one across each nipple. She cried out in pain; she did not like that at all. "No, I don't like that," she blurted, then in what would have been obvious to Andy was an afterthought, she said, "Master."
"Well, Young Lady, do not try to play me, or you will get more of those. My kind words do not mean I am not going to make you take your punishment," Andy's voice was as commanding as ever. Clearly her deception had not worked at all.
Chloe's tits were really stinging; it was not a nice feeling at all, and to her shock, that was turning her on, and she actually wanted more discomfort and pain. She took a deep breath and then said, "Sorry, Master. However, I think I want a little more pain." Chloe's voice sounded very uncertain, but she was glad she said it.
There was no response from Andy. She waited, but she sensed an uncertainty in his steps for a moment, then she screeched as something really hot dropped on her already sore arse cheeks. They were drips, a couple on each cheek. She was close to tears in her eyes at the pain, as she worked out it must be hot wax. She was familiar with hot wax: she used it herself. But on the welts of her arse, it was painful, and she was sure the fact it lasted just a little too long for it to be manageable was deliberate, as ice again washed across the hot area.
That sealed it: she was again turned on by the pain, and not just the sexual pain. Not being in control of the pain was what did it, regardless of focus. By the time she focused on what was happening, Andy's hands were stroking her, drawing sensual pictures on her skin. She moaned as his hand moved across her pussy, and started to caress and fondle her lips and soft skin. Her lips still burned from their punishment, but it felt good. As he started to play with her clit, her skin tingled and fizzed as Andy slowly raised her arousal to the level that had her moaning. His fingers played and she felt her lips fatten up and her clit really pop out as she was pushed towards an orgasm. In a repeat of something she had felt before, Andy pushed on her mons with the hand that was rubbing her clit. The intensity of the pressure and feelings firing through her body started to intensify. It all felt a little different with this large butt plug in, but it felt so good. She was now holding the orgasm at bay, as Andy yet again increased the pressure, her moan becoming more orgasmic with each passing second, electrical energy beginning to build. She was going over the top very soon.
"Please can I, Master," her voice almost pleading, her feelings at least as intense as last Friday. She was only just in control.
"Not yet," he replied, as he pushed harder still, her clit caught in a vise-like grip, as it bounced back and forth across her pubic bone, and her mons screamed at her from the weight being pressed into it.
All the pressure except for her clit was suddenly gone, and then Andy's hand closed around her throat, squeezing just enough to make it hard to breathe. For a moment panic washed across her mind, then she remembered him reminding her of the safe word. He knew what he was doing. She was safe, and she leaned into what was, until this point, her ultimate point of not being in control. It was like a switch in her head: as soon as that connection was made, the overwhelming arousal it created flooded through her, and despite the restricted air, she moaned like no sexual moan she had let out before. Her mind lost track of everything. There was girl, orgasm, and Andy's hand on her throat. The rest of the world melted away.
"Now?" she whispered into the blackness of her obscured vision.
With his hot breath on her ear, he whispered back, "You may cum," and with that tightened his hand on her throat just enough.
Unable to suck in a full breath, Chloe exploded into the most intense feelings of her life. She shook, her limbs burning as she fought the bonds, her body trying to straighten out, her mind in blackness, consumed by the raw fire that was her clit and the energy it was putting into her body. She was totally within his control. She would breathe again only when he thought it required. She would stop orgasming when he thought she had had enough. It felt like his fist was driving her clit into her body. She fought for air, as a scream of ecstasy expelled the last breath from her.
Orgasm and blackness were all there was; her life was disappearing in hours of darkness and electric orgasm.
Air, glorious air, she inhaled the biggest breath of her life. Sound returned as she moaned in pleasure; she had not even realised it had gone quiet.
Chloe shuddered and shook as she slowly pulled herself out of the fog that the airless orgasm had caused. Her whole body burned and she was not sure she could walk after this. Then she realised Andy had not finished playing. He was turning the butt plug, then moving it in and out. He did this several times, the discomfort at the widest point lessening as he did it. Then it was gone.
There was more moment and sounds, Chloe wished she could see, then something unexpected. Andy's cock--she was sure it was his cock--the head pushed up against her arse. Her first anal; what a day. She had heard a few of her friends say it was painful and they did not enjoy it. Part of Chloe wanted it to be painful, but it was no worse than the butt plug as the head of his cock pushed hard against her arse then slipped in. She gasped.
Andy held position for a moment, then pushed. She wanted to push him away; it felt so unwelcome. But tied tight as she was, all she could do was accept her fate, as a couple more inches pushed up her tight little bum. He paused again. No, she did not like this at all, yet she wanted more. She wanted Andy to take his pleasure, to use her, not give her the choice.
Holding where he was, she felt one hand come around and grab her tit, playing with her nipple before she almost realised it was there, and the other hand covered her pussy, then moved to flick her clit. She moaned, which turned into something closer to anguish as he pushed up hard. It hurt a little, but not like she was expecting. Severe discomfort was closer to describing it. She wondered if she was able to take all of his seven inches in her little bum. Arousal and even the start of an orgasm happened at the thought of him making her take it. As best she could, she pushed into his hand on her clit, as again he pushed up. She didn't know how to classify the sound she made, but it did convey her discomfort. She was not sure how much was in; it felt like a lot, and it really didn't feel like her bum could take any more. As if he read her mind, not for the first time today, he withdrew to the head. She relaxed, and exhaled a sigh of relief, which was far too soon. He thrust in, hard, and she realised that she had only taken maybe half of it before. It forced its way up, so deep into her, she squealed with pain, and loved it, her orgasm growing by the moment.
She did not think he was fully in, but not far from it. He slowly started to thrust in and out, slightly more going in each time, and her clit was being tortured with each stroke. This was like nothing else: she was in mild pain; she was full in a way she had never felt before, very uncomfortable; but she wanted more. She wanted him to hurt her with his cock, make her take his load. She suddenly felt his balls slap her pussy lips. He must be fully in, and the slap made her moan. He started to thrust hard, fully out to fully in. In this bound position all she could do was take it. She thought of herself as his fuck toy, and as he pressed her clit, she was cumming again. The pain, the lack of control, the clit pressure--it was all too much. She loved it.
As she shook from another quite-intense orgasm--a very different orgasm with the cock in her arse, it totally changed the feelings--she realised he was still thrusting. But it was half-hearted as he was clearly focused on her clit and drawing out this second orgasm. With all of her muscles on fire, she collapsed in the positon that her restraints held her, the orgasm slowly dying as she tried to get control of her breathing. Andy was pumping hard again, using the time of her comedown to send himself over the edge, as with one last thrust that he held in her as deep as he could get, she felt him fire. She shook again with pleasure at the thought of his hot semen spraying into her arse, deep as he could get it, and her complete inability to stop it.
A moment later, she felt him untie her. He released her and she sat back onto him, snuggling into his chest and body, his cock slowly going soft in her arse. They sat there for several minutes, him holding her tight and her arms holding his. She could stay here forever; she had never been this content.
It felt like forever but eventually Andy said, "I assume you enjoyed today?"
"Yes, Master, it is one of my best days ever." Chloe stopped after that; she wanted to gush about all the things she wanted, but decided to leave that until the emotion of what they had just done had subsided.
Andy stood carefully, helping her to her feet. Her legs burned badly from the position the ropes had held them in, and her bottom was none too clever, either. Sore was an understatement; she would have to be careful sitting down tonight.
Once she was standing without support, Andy spun her around, and kissed her. It was a deep, passionate kiss, a loving kiss. She kissed back. She was happy, she wanted so much more, and Andy was the man to give it to her. As she kissed, she made her mind up on something that had been running around her head for a few days. She was not going to get a boyfriend until she had let this run to conclusion with Andy. Chloe wanted to experience everything that he had to offer and know what she wanted before moving on. She was in love with Andy: not in a "forever love" way, but in a "he was the right man for her now" way, and he clearly cared for her in a way no boyfriend ever had.
When she looked down, she was dressed, and so was Andy. She really was in her own world for a minute or two there. She walked over to him and kissed him again, then said, "Plan on my taking your punishment for many months or even years. I am not going anywhere. This is exactly where I want to be, and I can never be in control of what we do. If I don't like it, good. If it hurts, good. If it makes me feel dirty, good. I think you get the idea?"
Andy laughed, "Err, yes, I think I do. And I will be here for you until you don't need me anymore."
She kissed him again, and then skipped toward the front door, playing the little school girl leaving. She turned back towards him as she unlocked the front door and stuck her tongue out, before saying, "You are going to have to do better next time!"
She quickly left, Andy running towards her, "You cheeky little minx," was all she heard before she was running down the driveway laughing.