This is the third chapter of a series. While the author hopes that this story can stand on its own, it will be much easier to follow if you have read the previous two chapters of "The Gulf Coast Move." This story draws on some real experiences but is a work of fiction. Any resemblance to any real person or entity is coincidental and unintentional. As a work of fiction, this story and this series should not be taken as depicting the actual tolerance of public nudity or public sexual conduct in Florida or any other jurisdiction. Additionally, readers should remember that they are reading this story on a website devoted to erotica. The sexual conduct depicted here is not necessarily representative of how most nudists/naturists behave.
*****
Even in Southwest Florida, it can be too chilly to go nude outside in January and February. Carol and I found exciting things to do, nonetheless. We had been trying to accept the lovely Dr. Sunkara's invitation to help us improve our sexual techniques since the previous September, but the good doctor was very busy. We were finally able to schedule something with her in January.
Lakshmi had been in practice with Sue Woodman for a little over a year at that time. Apparently, her busy schedule was paying off financially. Late the previous year, she had bought a very nice single-story house on the island. Her house was set back from the road and screened off from her neighbors by vegetation.
Lakshmi met us at the door dressed in a robe that looked like it might be silk. She led us into a large Florida room with windows on three sides looking out on her yard. The furniture had been moved towards the walls and there were a couple of yoga mats on the floor. The lights were low, but bright enough to see clearly.
"Thank you for coming," Lakshmi said. "I'm very pleased that you decided to work with me. I used to do this fairly frequently while I was getting my masters but haven't had many opportunities since I started med school."
"What got you interested in helping people with their sexual techniques?" Carol asked.
"My masters was in psychology," Lakshmi said, "with a focus on human sexuality. Sex fascinates me. Everyone does it a little bit different. On one hand, I'm enough of a voyeur that I enjoy observing the different ways that people engage in sex. On the other hand, I've seen and experienced enough that I think I have some insights into how people can enhance their pleasure and that of their partners. Please, take your clothes off."
Carol and I had expected to be nude and had both just worm warm-up suits. We removed those quickly. Putting her hands on the belt of her robe, Lakshmi asked, "Do you mind if I'm also nude?" Of course, we did not mind at all. Lakshmi had a very beautiful body.
Once all three of us were undressed, Lakshmi asked, "What position do the two of you use for sex most often?
I glanced at Carol, who answered, "Missionary, I suppose."
"Ok, we'll start with that," Lakshmi said. "Carol, please get Harry hard," the Doctor added. Under the circumstances, that didn't take long. Looking at my dick, Lakshmi asked, "Harry, may I touch you?" I nodded. Lakshmi looked at my dick from all angles. She held it in her hand and ran her fingers up and down my shaft and over my head. I was getting more excited.
As if perceiving that she was getting me worked up too quickly, Lakshmi turned to Carol. Gesturing to a mat on the floor, Lakshmi told Carol to sit down and spread her legs, which Carol did. Lakshmi sat on the mat between Carol's legs, facing her. "May I touch you?" Lakshmi asked Carol. Carol nodded. Lakshmi said, "Please tell me when I find the places that you particularly like."
Lakshmi ran her fingers around Carol's lips before grasping her clit between two fingers. As she played with Carol's clit, Lakshmi asked, "Do you like that?" Again, Carol nodded. Suddenly, Lakshmi stuck her index finger into Carol's vagina. As she moved her finger around inside of Carol, she asked, "Do you like that?" Carol nodded again. I was watching closely. I saw Lakshmi turned her hand palm up with her finger still inside my wife.
Suddenly, Carol yelped and said "Oh! Wow!"
"A good spot?" Lakshmi asked.
"The best," Carol replied enthusiastically.
"Good," Lakshmi said as she withdrew her finger. Lakshmi moved onto the other mat. "Carol, are you ok if Harry penetrates me?" Lakshmi asked.
"That's fine," Carol answered.
Lakshmi lay back on the mat. "Harry, I want you to enter me and start intercourse just as you would do with Carol."
I got on my hands and knees over Lakshmi. Lower my hips while supporting my upper body on my forearms, I slid my dick into Dr. Sunkara. She was very well lubricated and felt, well, wonderful. As I started moving my hips, a smile appeared on Lakshmi's face. After I had been thrusting into her for maybe two minutes, she said, "Harry, I want you to lie right on top of me." I did as I was told. Lakshmi's erect nipples pressed into my chest. "Harry, I want you to contract your abs as you thrust. Try to push your dick towards the front of my body." I tried to follow her instructions. After a few pushes, Lakshmi said, "A little more force please and try to angle your dick up more, as if you are trying to poke through the front of my belly." I shifted position slightly and focused on the image of poking my dick through Lakshmi's belly. After a couple of minutes of that, Lakshmi said, "Ok Harry, you can stop and pull out." That was a little disappointing, but I followed instructions and sat back on the mat.
Lakshmi sat up smiling. To Carol, she said, "His dick feels very good inside of me. I think that I've got him so that he'll use it more productively for you. Harry, I want you to start intercourse with Carol but do it the way we finished. Lie right on top of her and try to poke through her belly."
Carol lay back on her mat and spread her legs. I moved to the other mat above Carol. I lowered myself down until I was lying on top of her, slid my dick into her, and focused on pushing it out through the front of her belly. As Carol and I fucked, Lakshmi was on her hands and knees circling around us. "Harry, contract your abs harder with each push" she instructed. I did. Soon, Carol was bucking beneath me. "Ok," Lakshmi said, "I want you both to orgasm."
The change in position which Lakshmi had directed was not huge, although it did put a lot more stress on my abdominal muscles. However, Carol was responding more enthusiastically. I made a mental note to do more abs exercises. Before I came, Carol's body convulsed and she yelled, "Oh God, that was great!"
Lakshmi quietly said, "Harry, keep going until you come."
I kept pushing into Carol, who was gasping for breath. She locked her legs around me." Lakshmi said, "Carol, pull down on his hips." Carol did. As I came inside Carol, she uttered something that sounded like a cry of pain. Still panting for breath, Carol kissed me very hard.
After we had kissed for what seemed like three or four minutes, Lakshmi said, "Ok, Harry please pull out. Let's sit and talk about it. Don't worry about wiping off. I'll clean the mats later."
I rolled off Carol and helped her into a sitting position. Lakshmi sat on the other mat, facing us, with her legs stretched out. Carol took my hand. Lakshmi asked Carol, "Did you orgasm?"
"Oh yes," Carol answered with a laugh.
"Just once?" Lakshmi asked.
"Twice," Carol replied.
"How did that compare to your previous missionary intercourse?" Lakshmi asked.
"For me, it was much better," Carol replied.
Lakshmi looked at me. "The point is pleasing her," I said, "so anything that is better for her is better for me."
"Ok Harry, good answer," Lakshmi said, "but I want to know how the intercourse felt for you."
I chuckled, "Well, my abs are tired," I said.
"Did it improve the sexual sensation, make it worse, or was it about the same as your previous intercourse in that position?" Lakshmi asked.
"I guess that I really didn't perceive much difference," I said.
"Ok, that's fair," Lakshmi replied. "It's up to the two of you, but I think that Carol's experience was improved sufficiently that you should continue doing it as I showed you. I think I have something else I can show you that will increase Harry's pleasure. Let's take a break and let you two rest for a few minutes. Come on, I have drinks and some light hors d'oeuvres in the kitchen." Lakshmi stood up and we followed her tight bare ass into her kitchen.
As we drank some wine and ate some cheese, Lakshmi asked how old we were. Carol told her. "I'm impressed," Lakshmi said, "both of you are in very good shape for your age and you both still have great sexual energy."
Glancing out the kitchen window, I noticed a large an in-ground pool in Lakshmi's back yard. It was surrounded by vegetation. "Nice pool," I commented.
"Thank you," Lakshmi replied. "I'm proud to say that clothing is absolutely banned from that pool, no exceptions. If you are even on the pool deck, you have to be naked."
"That's a good policy," Carol commented.
As we finished our snack, Lakshmi took Carol's hands and looked at them. "Good," Lakshmi said, "your nails are trimmed short. We couldn't do what I want to show you next if you had long nails. Have you ever given Harry a prostate massage?"
Carol shook her head no. "Good," Lakshmi said, "I think that you will enjoy this. To keep it from getting too messy, I need to give Harry an enema first." That was alarming but Carol squeezed my hand, telling me to just go with it. Lakshmi left the room and returned with a plastic container with a long neck that narrowed to its opening. "I'm going to fill this with warm water. We'll use that to fill Harry's bowels. That will clean him out." When she finished filling the plastic vessel, Lakshmi said, "Let's go into the bathroom so you don't have far to go."
Carol and I followed Lakshmi into a bathroom. "Harry, please bend over." I did and soon felt the neck of the container probing my asshole. Twisting it back and forth a bit, Lakshmi worked the opening of the container past my sphincter and I felt the warm water in my bowels. After a couple of minutes, Lakshmi pulled the can out of me and said, "OK, you can straighten up. Hold the water as long as you can."
As long as I could wasn't very long. Lakshmi lifted the lid to the toilet, and I expelled the water rather violently. "I'm a doctor," Lakshmi said, "I'll clean you up." She did. I'm not into anything to do with scat, but there were are many worse things than having Lakshmi Sunkara wiping my bare ass.
We followed Lakshmi back into the Florida room. "Just stand there Harry," Lakshmi said. As she led Carol behind me, Lakshmi said, "Some people wear gloves for this, but I don't like to have anything between my finger and the man's prostate. You do want to use lube, however". I felt Lakshmi's hands spread my buttocks. A greasy finger began to probe my asshole. "Just relax Harry," Lakshmi said.
Having Lakshmi put her finger in my asshole was somewhat pleasant. However, when she reached my prostate and began gently rubbing it, the sensation was new and powerful. "Take a look," Lakshmi told Carol, "he should get hard pretty fast." I certainly did. "The trick," Lakshmi said, "is to use enough pressure to strongly stimulate him but not so much that it hurts. A man's prostate likes to be rubbed, but it isn't used to it." It was with some disappointment that I felt Lakshmi pull her finger out of my asshole.
"The enema largely cleans him out but be sure to wash your hands as soon as you get out of his colon. Go on, get your finger in him. I'll be back in a second." I felt Carol's finger probing my asshole. I relaxed as much as possible, eager to have more of the sensation which Lakshmi induced. Carol reached my prostate and began rubbing it very gently.
"Is that ok?" Carol asked.
"You can press a little harder," I replied.
Lakshmi came back and knelt in front of me. After a few seconds, she said, "Judging from how he looks, you're doing a good job Carol," she said, "keep at it. Let's see if you can make him come."
Carol began rubbing more rapidly. It was an incredible feeling. Faster than I expected, I felt myself about to shoot. I started to warn Lakshmi but came on her face before I could complete the sentence. God that felt good!
Lakshmi was smiling. "Carol, go wash your hands," she said. Looking up at me, Lakshmi said, "I love a man coming on my face. That's why I knelt down here." Lakshmi called out to Carol, "Carol, would you bring me a towel?"
Carol laughed when she came into the room with the towel and saw my semen all over Lakshmi's face. Lakshmi wiped her face off. "I think that is enough for tonight. I hope that I didn't get too personal."
"Not at all," Carol said. "This was a wonderful experience. I remember that you said that you don't charge for these sessions. Can we invite you to dinner?"
Lakshmi got a sexy look on her face. "Only if I'm on the menu," she replied.
Carol laughed. "I think Harry can take care of that," she said.
"Or, maybe, both of you?" Lakshmi asked.
Carol thought for a moment. She smiled and said, "I don't see why we both can't pleasure you."
"Excellent!' Lakshmi replied. She picked up a smart phone from a side table. Scrolling through, she said, "Shit! I'm not free again until late next month, and that's kind of iffy."
Every day was really the weekend for us. Carol replied, "Why don't you call us when you know that you'll have an evening free. We'd love to have you."
"Apart from work, you guys will be my top priority," Lakshmi said. "Now, before you go, you get a kiss and a fondle." Lakshmi went to Carol and kissed her on the lips. Lakshmi's right hand went between Carol's legs and I could see Lakshmi rubbing Carol's clit. After a few moments, Lakshmi broke her kiss with Carol and came to me. We kissed. I felt Lakshmi's tongue probing my lips, so I opened them, and we tongued each other while Lakshmi ran a finger around the head of my dick.
When Lakshmi released me, Carol and I started to put our warm-up suits back on. "Uh, one last requirement," Lakshmi said, "you must drive home nude. I know it is cool out, but your car has a heater." Carol and I picked up our warm-ups, thanked Lakshmi again, and stepped naked into the very cool night.
In the car going home, I asked Carol, "So, what did you think?"
Carol gave a naughty laugh. "I think that Lakshmi will be a lot of fun to play with," she said. "I jut hope that we get the chance."
Kristen still came over most nights that Ian was in Tampa at work. She spent the night at our house the night after our session with Dr. Sunkara. Naturally, we told Kristen all about it. Kristen was fascinated. We offered to see if Dr. Sunkara would do a session with Kristen and Ian. "You may be looking several months out," Carol cautioned.
"That's like scheduling with any doctor these days," Kristen replied.
Kristen also said, "Oh, Ian called today. He got our annual invitation to the DeVoes' ball in Sarasota three weeks from Saturday. Ian thought that you'd like to go, so he called Barbara DeVoe and she said that she'd be delighted if you came."
"What is the DeVoes' ball?" I asked. I was slightly put out that Ian had seemed to commit us to some social event without even asking us.
"The DeVoes are extremely wealthy," Kristen said. "They have a mansion on the water up by Sarasota. Every winter, they have a ball with live music, dancing, a sit-down dinner, waiters and waitresses, the whole nine yards."
So far, this ball didn't sound all that exciting. "And?" I asked.
Kristen smiled. "The DeVoes are our kind of people. It is a bottomless ball. All the guests are dressed very formally, black tie for men and evening dress for women, from the waist up. Everyone is nude from the waist down. It is really pretty erotic."
"That sounds nice," Carol said.
"There are a few traditions," Kristen added. "Heterosexual touching is encouraged. You can touch the ass of anyone of the opposite sex any time you want. If you want to touch genitals, you need to ask the person 'May I' but saying 'no' if someone of the opposite sex asks you 'may I' is considered very rude. Fucking is permitted so long as it is in the open. We've been invited for about five years now and I'd guess that we've only seen four or five couples fuck each year. A lot of the guys like to fuck Trudy DeVoe, the DeVoes' daughter. She's in her late 20s, works as a model, and is stunning. If you want to fuck anyone other than your partner, you'll need to prove that you've been tested for STDs within the ten days before the ball and you are negative. Ian and I have never bothered with that. However, if you have test results and someone of the opposite sex with test results asks you to fuck, you are expected to do it."
"How do you know who has test results?" I asked.
The DeVoes have a nurse at the door checking," Kristen relied. "If you show her valid test results, you get a green band around your left wrist. It's pretty much fun even if you don't fuck at the ball. Ian and I only fucked there the first year we went. We have too much fun watching everyone else. The DeVoes have friends who come in from all over the world for this ball. They rent a block of rooms at a nearby hotel. You can stay the night of the ball at the mansion, although you'll probably be sleeping with several naked strangers, or you can go to the hotel."
"How many people attend this ball?" I asked.
"About 100," Kristen answered.
"How do you and Ian know these DeVoe people?" I asked.
"Like I said," Kristen explained, "the DeVoes are very wealthy. He made a ton of money in potassium mining or something that rips up the earth. Anyway, they have a valuable art collection. They hired Ian to put in a top-of-the-line security system. He got talking with Barbara DeVoe and somehow it came out that we like to show off. We were invited to the next ball. We haven't missed one since they started inviting us."
I looked at Carol. "Do you want to go?" I asked.
"Do you?" she asked me.
"You both want to go," Kristen answered for us.
"How do I get a gown that stops at my waist?" Carol asked Kristen.
"There is a woman in Naples who makes mine every year. She'll need to measure you and hear what you want," Kristen answered. "We can run down there tomorrow."
Carol looked at me, smiled, and said, "I guess we're going."
Carol and Kristen were back rather late the next evening. I had the sense that they had stopped for a drink somewhere on the way home. When Carol came into the house, she gave me a long kiss. As she was taking her clothes off, she said, "It cost some money, but I think that you'll like my dress, half dress I guess, for the DeVoes' ball. Since I'm going to be bare from the waist down, I thought I'd go with a high neckline. However, it does have a bare back. The whole things ties into a bow just above my butt."
"You're getting into this ball idea," I replied.
Carol said, "Yeah. I think that being dressed on top but naked down below will be really erotic. But, Harry, let's forego the tests and wristbands? Having everyone see me is one thing, but I'd rather not feel pressure to fuck a complete stranger. I'm fine having sex with Ian and Kristen, but I'd rather keep our sport-fucking to a small circle."
"I'm perfectly ok with that," I replied.
Ian helped me find an outfit that included a ruffled shirt that tucked into a cummerbund, bowtie, and a waistcoat. I didn't think that it looked that good on me, but that was my fault, not the clothes'.
Kristen had told us that she and Ian had a personal tradition of driving up to Sarasota for the ball in the outfits they would wear at the ball. They recommended taking a light coat to cover ourselves in the event we broke down or, for some other reason, got into a situation in which it wasn't smart to be exposed. Consequently, Carol and I were both in our ball outfits when Kristen and Ian pulled up that evening in Ian's SUV.
Carol did look fantastic. Her dress was a clingy brown material that worked well with her hair. It basically went around the back of her neck, draped over her entire front tightly enough to make clear that she wasn't wearing a bra, and tied just above her bare ass. Seeing her from the front, completely covered from the waist up and bare from the waist down, save for high heels, was very arousing.
Before we left, Carol had Kristen take a couple of pictures of Carol and me "in costume" with Carol's smartphone. As we rode north, Carol e-mailed the pictures to Gwen along with a short explanation of what we were up to that evening. As we reached the Sarasota area, Carol showed me our daughter's response: "Great idea! May I go w/u next time?"
Gwen apparently shared the pictures with her roommate. A few minutes later, I got an e-mail from Samantha on my phone: "Both look great! Wish I could join u." It occurred to me that Samantha would look great at a bottomless ball. I showed the e-mail to Carol, who smiled.
The ball was very nice. The contrast between the somewhat constricting jacket and shirt, on one hand, and the breeze on my ass and dick, on the other, constantly reminded me of my exposed state. Watching Carol walk around the room with her bare ass below the brown bow was very arousing. The other guests ran the gamut from old and out of shape to exceptionally fit and sexy. But for the bare asses and pubes, the event was very formal. Several young men and women wearing sharply creased black trousers and starched white shirts circulated with trays of food and drinks. A string quartet played softly, providing background music over which you could still converse.
Ian and I had just taken flutes of champagne from one of the servers when a short young woman with shoulder-length black hair came up to us. "Hi Ian," she said. She was wearing a white top which ended just above her waist and which emphasized her largeish breasts. Below her top she was completely tan and clean shaven. Turning to me, she said "Hi, I'm Veronica Compton." Ms. Compton had a great smile.
"Harry Stone," I replied.
"May I?" Veronica asked.
"Of course," I replied. Veronica reached out and grasped me at the base of my dick with her warm hand. She looked at me for a moment before saying, "That must feel nice." She slowly slid her hand along my dick to my head before letting go. That felt nice.
Veronica moved her legs apart. Taking the hint, I asked, "May I?"
"Please," Veronica replied.
I reached between her legs. I put my index finger on her clit and gently rubbed back and forth a couple of times before withdrawing my hand. "Thank you," Veronica said. Glancing at my left arm, her smile dimmed. "No wristband," she said.
"No," I replied. "My wife and I decided that we'd stick to each other this time."
"Which one is your wife?" Veronica asked. I pointed to Carol, whom we could see in profile standing across the room. "She's gorgeous," Veronica said. Veronica looked into my eyes, smiled, and said "Next year, have a wristband." She turned and allowed us a view of her lovely tanned ass as she walked away.
Ian laughed and said, "Better be careful Harry. Veronica Compton is the rising star on the criminal side in the District Attorney's office. She's used her looks and sexiness to cause more than one male defense attorney to make a crucial error which she took full advantage of."
"How do you know her?" I asked.
"I work with that office some and I've been a witness for her a couple of times," Ian said.
All four of Carol, Kristen, Ian, and I were enjoying the ball. Being expensively dressed from the waist up emphasized the fact that you were naked from the waist down. It was a novel sensation but pleasant and, as Kristen had promised, quite erotic. I could tell that Carol was thoroughly enjoying herself. I was pleased by the admiring looks Carol drew, even from men with very sexy companions.
We stayed until the ball was clearly breaking up. Kristen led us to a table on which were spread small envelopes with keycards to rooms at a nearby hotel. "Barbara's arranged it, so we don't even need to check in. Just go straight to the room, which is good because I'm horny as hell." Kristen picked up one keycard and asked Carol and me, "Just one room?" We nodded.
It was a cool night, but we left our coats off as we waited for the valet to bring Ian's SUV. It only took about five minutes to drive to the hotel. Ian parked in the garage attached to the building. We left our coats over our arms as we walked through a short hall and across the reception area to the elevators serving the rooms. I kept my gaze straight ahead so I've no idea whether the person working the reception desk that night noticed the four people naked from the waist down. No one said anything.
The elevator opened. There was a young couple in the car. Almost immediately as the door opened, the woman pressed a button on the control panel. "Shit, forgot my phone," she said.
The man gave us a long look as we entered the elevator car. Finally, he said, "I like what you guys forgot better."
I don't think that the woman with him had even noticed that all four of us had our asses, legs, and pubes completely exposed until he made that comment. She looked each of us up and down. I just smiled at her. As the elevator opened at our floor, the woman said, "Great outfits. I hope the party justified them."
We stepped out. As the elevator doors were closing, Carol turned back to face the couple. "It did," Carol said. Once the elevator doors had closed, all four of us started laughing. "That was hot," Carol said. She turned, embraced me, and pulled me tight to her. I felt Carol's hand on my dick and put my hand between her legs right there in the hallway.
Kristen and Ian had gone down the hall to our room. Ian instructed us, "Get in here you two." Carol and I released each other and hurried to the door Ian was holding. Inside the room, the four of us swiftly removed what clothing we were wearing.
"What did you think of the Devoes' ball?" Kristen asked.
"Great time," Carol said.
"Thank you for getting us invited," I added.
"Well, I think you can do a more appropriate thank you than that," Ian said laughing.
Carol went to Ian. She took his dick in her hand and began stroking him. Kristen came to me. We began kissing and fondling each other. After a few minutes of that, Kristen led me to the bed. She lay down on her back. I got on the bed and then mounted Kristen. She was very worked-up. She had her legs clamped around me which forced me to push harder. She grabbed my head with her hands and held it while we kissed and then began frantically tonguing each other. At some point, I was vaguely aware that Ian and my wife had also gotten on the bed. However, I was too consumed with Kristen to know what they were doing.
Once Kristen and then I came, we were both gasping for breath and awash in sweat. I finally looked over at Carol and Ian, who were sitting nude on the side of the bed. Smiling, Carol said, "I wish you'd go at me that hard for that long. Do I have to put you in a large group of people with your dick hanging out to get that kind of performance?"
"Just trying to say, 'thank you' to Kristen, Dear," I replied.
"Jesus did you do that!" Kristen exclaimed, still underneath me.
Laughing, Ian said, "Harry, could you pull out now and let me have my wife back?"
We moved beside our respective spouses. Carol kissed me. "That was hot," she said, "watching you do Kristen that hard."
"I'm sorry," I said, "I didn't get time to watch you and Ian."
"Ian," Carol said loudly, "Harry didn't see us fucking. We've got to do it again so he can watch!"
With a smile, Ian replied, "Christ woman! Do you want to kill me?"
We finally went to sleep with Carol between me and Ian and Kristen on the other side of Ian. I was out. The next thing I recall was feeling a hand gently stroking my balls. I opened my eyes in the sunlit room and saw Carol's face inches from mine. God did she look beautiful. Carol and I kissed. I worked my hand between her thighs. We played with each other until Carol pushed softly on my chest. I rose up enough for Carol to slide under me. I slid my dick into her. Ian and Kristen seemed to still be asleep, so Carol and I fucked very quietly, hoping not to wake them.
We failed in that goal. After we'd been fucking for a few minutes, I heard Ian say, "Harry is my role model." A moment later, Ian was atop Kristen, fucking right next to us. Carol's and Kristen's hips were touching, and Ian and I bumped each other several times. At one point, Ian leaned back and asked, "Harry, would you suck that nipple for me for a moment?"
Still pushing inside Carol, I leaned over and took Kristen's right nipple in my lips and began rubbing it with my tongue. When I moved away from her, Kristen said "Thank you Harry.
I leaned back and said to Ian, "Your turn mate." Ian leaned over and sucked on Carol's left nipple while I continued to fuck her. It was very relaxed, comfortable sex between four people who knew each other well and liked each other. Amazingly, we all came within seconds of each other.
When we'd finished, Carol and I were lying on the bed hugging as were Kristen and Ian. Ian finally, said, "Glad I don't have to wash these sheets." He got up and walked into the bathroom. He was back in a moment, saying, "I think there's room for all four of us to shower, just." There was, but you wouldn't have wanted to try it with anyone other than very good friends.
After we finished our shower and toweled each other off, Ian began looking around the room. He searched for a few minutes before saying, "We left our damned clothes in the car." We had each brought a small gym bag with clothes to wear home that day. We'd been so excited the night before that we'd all left the bags in Ian's SUV. All we had were our light coats and the tops we'd worn to the ball.
"We don't need to check out," Kristen said, "and no one said anything about us being bottom less last night. I say that we just brazen it out."
"Dear," Ian said, "we came in very late last night. It's almost noon. Surely there will be a lot more people in the lobby now."
Smiling, Carol said, "I like Kristen's idea." After a bit more discussion, Kristen's suggestion won out. We crammed the clothes we'd worn the night before into a couple of those plastic "laundry" bags found in most hotel rooms. We put on our shoes and put our coats over our arms. Carol and Kristen both looked great, nude in high heels.
No one else was in the elevator this time. The hotel lobby was more crowded than the night before. With Kristen leading, the four of us walked across the lobby and into the hallway to the garage naked. I don't know whether the other people in the lobby were too shocked to react or if they were just used to the antics of the DeVoes' guests. We were laughing again by the time Ian had the SUV started. "I think I've got enough fuel to get home," Ian said. All four of our coats were chucked into the cargo space behind the rear seat. It was still a little cool out but was otherwise a glorious day for a nude ride down I-75.
Carol and I settled down a little for a month or so. However, Sue and Phil Woodman had invited us and Cheryl and Peter Collins to go sailing with them to the Bahamas. No one was allowed to wear clothes on the Woodmans' boat unless it was in a harbor. That exception to the rule largely evaporated once we were in the islands. I was surprised at how many places we anchored where the Bahamians seemingly thought nothing at all about some naked Americans.
Cheryl and Peter had obviously stayed with the fitness plans they'd adopted after going nude for most of their visit to us the previous fall. Everyone looks better naked than clothed, but Cheryl and Peter were starting to look damned good. I could tell from where Samantha had inherited her beauty. One day, as we were sailing between islands, Cheryl addressed the point directly. "When we came down last Fall, I was a little uncomfortable going naked at first because I knew that I looked, well, dumpy. It wasn't too bad being with you because you are friends. However, seeing my bare body in your mirrors all week convinced me that I needed to get into shape. Now, I'm proud to have anyone see me naked. And, hasn't Peter shaped up? That's the man I married!"
One thing that I did not know until that trip is that there is absolutely no privacy on a small boat. With three healthy couples constantly nude in a semi-tropical setting, there was going to be a lot of sex. For the first couple of days, we all tried to limit it to the night, behind the curtains that hid our bunks. However, you could still hear everything the other couples were doing. The ice was broken the third morning. Cheryl and Peter had been particularly vocal the night before. Sue, Phil, Carol, and I were already on deck when Cheryl and Peter came up the next morning. Teasingly, Phil called out, "What, did you try a new hole last night Peter?"
Cheryl laughed. "No, but he wore one of those ribbed condoms I bought him. Poor man fucked in a raincoat, but it was great for me."
Peter added, "Some sacrifices just have to be made for the greater good." That brought on a general discussion, primarily among the women, of what our partners did for us that we liked best. Hearing good, and in the case of Cheryl and Peter old, friends talk so intimately about their sex lives was very arousing. Carol was sitting next to me. She started stroking my dick.
Sue saw us. She got up and moved next to Phil. "Carol's got the right idea," Sue said. Cheryl, Peter, and Phil all looked at us. Carol kept stroking me. No one seemed bothered so I started fingering Carol. Rather than getting underway when we'd intended, we stayed anchored in that cove for another couple of hours while the three couples fucked on deck in the morning sun only a foot or two away from each other. That became our practice morning and evening for the rest of the trip unless we were in a crowded anchorage. We tried to avoid those.
By the time we had returned to Southwest Florida, Cheryl, Peter, Sue, and Phil were very good friends. Carol and I had a new appreciation and enhanced affection for all four of them.
As the weather got better, we resumed skinny dipping with Marty and Lisa, and the Gulf Coast Naturists resumed their bi-weekly outings. We finally got Dr. Sunkara to come to dinner. That was highlighted by Lakshmi fucking me in the ass with a strap-on dildo while I fucked Carol. It took a while to get our rhythms synchronized, but it was extraordinary once we did.
Gwen came down when her school broke for the summer. She spent about half of the summer with us and half up in Boston with Jason Woods. Cheryl and Peter Collins came down as often as they could. However, to my disappointment, Samantha Collins did not visit. She had an internship that summer with a newspaper in Downstate Illinois. Gwen did tell us that summer that she was switching majors. She had been intending to med school. However (as I had expected), she had decided that med school wasn't for her. She was switching to environmental engineering.
We went back to our old hometown the Christmas of Gwen's sophomore year and again stayed with the Collins. That holiday was notable because Jason, who had spent Christmas with his parents, Kristen and Ian, had flown in to spend New Year's with Gwen. Gwen and Samantha intended to take Jason to a New Year's Eve party with some of their old high school friends. Cheryl, Peter, Carol, and I intended to go to a party hosted by some friends of ours. Both sets of intentions were thwarted by an ice storm that started around 6:00 p.m. New Year's Eve. Within an hour, it was too slippery to walk outside, much less drive a car.
Sometimes, good things come from thwarted intentions. Since we were stuck in the Collins' house, the seven of us decided to have our own party. The Collins' indoor pool provided a suitable venue and, since it was just the seven of us, everyone agreed that no clothing was necessary. As a sort of joke, Peter hung a sprig of mistletoe in a corner of the pool room. That worked out better than expected as Peter, Jason, and I each got nude hugs and kisses from Cheryl, Carol, and Gwen. (I had never had a nude hug with our daughter before and was a little troubled by how pleasant it was). Just at midnight, Samantha took my hand and led me under the mistletoe. I started the year receiving a passionate hug from a beautiful nude young woman. I did hear a voice in my head saying that I should have been embracing Carol rather than Samantha at that moment. Carol had been watching us. She gave me a smile and a wink when Samantha and I broke our nude embrace.
Quite frankly, our life was damned good. Carol, Gwen, Kristen, Ian, and I went to Boston twice, a year apart, for Jason's undergraduate and graduate school graduations. A year after that, Carol and I met Cheryl, Peter, and Jason (who had flown in from Frankfurt, Germany where he was working) to watch Gwen and Samantha receive their bachelor's degrees. Graduation night, Gwen and Samantha told us that they wanted to take us somewhere special the next day and that we should expect to spend most of the day there.
Late the next morning, I drove the rented SUV as Gwen directed to a far northwest suburb. She had me park outside of a building that was probably once a light manufacturing facility. The outside sign said, simply, "The Spa." Immediately inside was a small reception area and a counter staffed by a very cute young woman. She asked if we were members. Gwen and Samantha replied that they were and produced membership cards. To the rest of us, the young woman explained that The Spa was a members-only private club. An annual membership cost $ 100 per person. That gave us full use of the facilities although special services, like massage, were extra. At Gwen's insistence, we all filled out the very detailed membership forms and paid our fees.
After we had paid, the young woman explained that, "full nudity is required at all times in The Spa. There are clean towels all over the facility. Please use one to sit on at all times unless you are in the water. Please put the dirty towels in the hampers located around the facility. Feel free to get a fresh towel any time you wish. There is also a bar and full-service restaurant in the northeast quadrant of the facility. I hope that you enjoy your visit to The Spa."
Gwen asked the young woman, "Is it possible for us to have a group massage?"
The young woman looked at a paper behind the counter as she said "Seven people . . . um . . .. Yes, we can do that. It may take an hour or two to get enough massage therapists in, if you don't mind waiting."
"Great!" Gwen replied. We paid another fee. The young woman at the counter pressed a button and we heard a buzz from the door to her left. Samantha opened the door and the rest of us followed her in. The changing room was a lot like the locker rooms I'd spent time in in high school and college. There were multiple rows of metal lockers, each with a key on an elastic band, and long benches in front of the lockers.
All seven of us stripped off. We each grabbed a towel and followed Gwen and Samantha on a tour of the facility. In contrast to the drab exterior, the inside of The Spa was rather elegant. There were a couple of pools, steam rooms, saunas, a large area with various sizes of jacuzzi, and a courtyard solarium. There seemed to be a large number of staff, male and female, who all appeared young and quite fit, dressed in a uniform of polo shirts and shorts. The Spa really seemed very nice. It also seemed busy for mid-day on a Sunday. One thing I noticed was that there were very few walls. Where a wall was needed, for a sauna or steam room, the walls were made of a transparent material. Heavy-duty glass I assumed. There were several shower areas, but those were not walled off.
"How did you and Samantha come to be members here?" I asked Gwen.
Gwen smiled. "Our nudist club at school used to come out here since you can't go nude outside in Northern Illinois for most of the school year." That was he first I had heard that there was a nudist club at the university or that my daughter was a member.
We swam for a while, showered off in the open showers, and went to the restaurant for a naked lunch. While we were eating, one of the staff came up to Gwen and asked, "You were wanting a group massage for seven?"
"Yes," Gwen replied.
The young man smiled. "We'll be ready for you in half an hour. Is the solarium acceptable? We have the space for seven tables there."
"The solarium will be fine," Gwen replied.
After we finished lunch, Gwen and Samantha led us to the solarium where seven massage tables, each draped with a sheet, were set up in a circle in the warm sunshine. After a few minutes, three women and four men came out, all in The Spa uniform. One of the women came up to me. "Hello," she said, "I'm Gail. I'll be your therapist today."
Gail had me get onto one of the tables. Carol and Samantha were on the tables with their male masseurs to my right and left. None of us were draped. I guess that is unnecessary in a facility where coed nudity is mandatory. Gail's massage was deep. She hit a few places that were more tense than I knew. While there were short moments of pain, it was overall a very good massage; lasting about 90 minutes. Of course, there was no "happy ending," but Gail also was not reticent about touching any part of my body. Nor, from what I could see were the masseurs reticent about touching Carol and Samantha.
We all finished at about the same time. Everyone looked very pleased. The therapists enjoined us to drink plenty of water and explained that tipping was not allowed at The Spa. We went back to the pool and used the sauna and steam room.
Late in the day, we were walking through the jacuzzi area. Gwen pointed at one of four very small circular structures that stood about chest high. "They call those the "cuddle tubs.' Two people can fit into one if you are very, very good friends." Gwen and Jason shared a look. Gwen said, "Jason and I are going to use one. Anyone else?"
Carol shared a look with Cheryl and Peter. "Dear," Carol said, "Why don't you and Samantha use a cuddle tub? I think Cheryl, Peter, and I are going to have a drink."
Samantha was smiling. "That would be great!" she said, quickly adding, "If you want to Harry."
Of course, I wanted to get into a small hot tub with one of the two most beautiful women I knew; particularly when the other, my wife, had suggested it. I walked to a vacant cuddle tub. "Will this one do?" I asked. Samantha nodded enthusiastically. I pressed a green button on the outside of the cuddle tub. The water started to bubble gently. I used the step to get into the tub. It barely held me. It was going to be very tight when Samantha joined me.
Samantha followed me into the tub. The tub was so small that she had to sit in my lap. I didn't complain. Samantha wiggled around until her thighs were, sort of, straddling me. Her chest was against mine. Our faces were inches apart. As she had wiggled around, she had rubbed her bottom against my dick several times. I got hard. Samantha shift position again very slightly and just the head of my dick went into her pussy. "There, that feels good," Samantha said. Indeed, it did.
There wasn't room to fuck, and we didn't. However, it was exquisite to be that intimate with Samantha. For a long time, we just looked in each other's eyes. God, Samantha was an extraordinarily beautiful young woman.
Gwen and Jason finally got out of their tub, which was sort of a signal that we should too. With me still barely inside of her, Samantha said, "I took a job at the TV station in Milwaukee where I interned the last two summers."
"Is that a good thing?" I asked.
"I think so," Samantha replied.
"I hope that you get some time to come to Florida," I said.
Samantha gave me a brief kiss. She smiled. "We'll see each other again Harry, and we'll be even closer than this." I had no idea what she was thinking of.