There she was, standing in the kitchen attempting to formulate in her mind exactly what the cookbook was saying, process its intended meaning, and then execute it in her head.
She always did this with anything she had difficulty grasping, and the culinary arts were certainly one of those very things that eluded her understanding.
Often she would joke that she was an accident waiting to happen in the kitchen and on the very few -- and intensely brief -- excursions she had inside the kitchen she proved to be just that.
He still loved her, though, yet he often chided her that should she attempt anything that was more involved than the microwave she might be testing the limits of that love.
Gladly, she would reply to him, as she trumped off to find the handy list of telephone numbers to various restaraunts they ordered delivery or take-out from.
Not today, she thought to herself.
No, tonight was far too special to her, and she planned to surprise him in ways he could not possibly predict.
He was so very good at that. Predicting her behavior. It infuriated her, how he would say things she was thinking or tell her how she felt with that smug look on his face.
Arrogant.
Cocky.
Full of himself.
Yet that was part of the allure, this she knew, as she had always gravitated toward those with the confidence she lacked in herself.
It wasn't that she had little to be confident about, she most certainly did, at least that was what everyone around her would always tell her.
She never really believed it.
They're just being nice to me, she thought.
The phone rang, startling her briefly, and freeing her from those evil thoughts of noodles and ricotta cheese.
Where was the portable, she wondered, as the shrill tone alerting her of the incoming call echoed throughout her apartment. She held her place in the book with one of her long slender fingers, and wrapped the rest around the edge as she tossed pillows on the sofa aside, unearthing the handheld device.
It was him.
Why couldn't he call her cell phone, which was resting in her pocket. She knew why before she even finished wondering the question. He was well aware of how messy her apartment was and liked to make her fetch things that he knew would either be lost or difficult to find -- such as her driver's license, car keys, and telephone.
She clicked it, and as soon as she heard his deep tumbling voice all thoughts of his misbehaving had vanished from her mind.
"You missed me."
He always did that.
It was his way of saying hello, and she'd gotten almost used to it, as if anyone could really get used to him.
"Almost as much as you did me," she replied with the coy self-assertion she clung to around him. She had noticed that over the years they had known each other she had gotten more and more confident in herself, at least when it came to interacting with each other.
He had once said to her that if she spent enough time with him she'd learn to come back as strongly at him as he came at her, because he would never let up on teasing her.
He never let up.
She learned.
"So what is the most beautiful woman alive doing right now," he inquired in his ever flirtatious way.
She plopped down on the sofa, and laid the book down beside her, picked up the remote and began flipping through channels as images on the television sprung to life.
"I don't know, why don't you go ask her?"
She laughed.
"How many times have we had this exchange now?" he openly wondered.
She didn't really know, "Too many times love, so what are you doing up so early? Don't vampires hate the sunlight? It's not even two in the afternoon."
Now, that question, that one she was confident in knowing the answer. Today marked their one year anniversary, and he had not once brought it up nor let on that he was even cognizant of its impending arrival before now.
And he would not stray from that path, it seemed.
"Oh, no reason, just woke up early. You know how my sleeping habits are. It's tough working nights. Figured I might get up, and head on over. See what you're up to."
He could not help but smile ever wide at the thoughts that must be racing through her head right now.
And as he often is, he was right about that. She nearly panicked, but she kept the image of herself in a plain white bra and shorts on the sofa with pillows tossed about, magazines falling off her coffee table with last night's teacup sitting on top of one, her clothes from yesterday strewn about the area and his gifts sitting unpacked in plain view while in the kitchen all of the spoils of his surprise dinner littered the counter.
Not to mention she looked and felt like a wreck, her hair needed to be washed, and she had no makeup on.
Before she mouthed the words, "You can't,"he interjected and saved her.
"Actually, sweetheart, I think I'm going to go hang out with the guys at their place and play some video games with them. If you get bored just give me a call, I may crash over there. That cool?"he asked her flately.
She wasn't sure if he was playing a game with her or not at this point, but she was willing to call his bluff. Oh, how he loved to be right and taunt you with it. Well, she wasn't going to be caught falling for his little game of cat and mouse.
"Sure, sweetie, don't let those sunrays burn you too much, Vlad." she said teasingly and hung up the phone.
There she sat, frozen on the sofa, wondering what he was up to and if what she had gotten for him was worth it. She wanted very much to expose him to that which he wasn't accustomed to, and he seemed so begrudgingly opposed to other cultures. He was so American in every sense of the word.
Ethnocentric or egocentric, it didn't really matter to her, he was a good one, unlike most any of the boys she met in her formative years, who were more concerned with how cool they appeared than how cool they really were.
She loved his substance over style mentality, and she only hoped he would find the various trinkets she found as exciting as she thought of them. In a way, this sort of cultural theme and his reaction to it would make or break the night for her, because she was sharing a part of herself with him.
There was little he did not know of her, there still remained some darkened corners of her soul, and though she still fought her emotions daily, they sometimes got the best of her. It was difficult not to feel so alone, and he was there for so much, though he couldn't be the way they both wanted.
Though at times that aspect went unspoken as well.
The couple had already been through quite a bit to this point, considering the fact when they met they might as well have been oceans apart. They could not be together due to circumstance, though it was obvious how enamored he was with her, and she was taken by his smug smile and cocky demeanor from word one.
And he always commented on her eyes and her smile. How delicious she looked, while she felt all too pale and awkward. She was either too tale or too pasty or too short or too this or too that, he would say, and yet when he looked into her eyes and kissed her, she felt beautiful. Often he would comment on how lovely she was to him, and when he said it and was there, she wanted to wrap herself in those words and live in them forever, but when he was gone, well, insecurities would creep back in.
So there she sat, alone in her apartment, staring at his gifts and thinking of their first kiss and how she cried as he took her hand in his and when he pressed his lips to her own she was all but a mess.
Always there to ruin the perfect moment, she had said to him, but his reply only further strengthened her feelings for him.
"The only perfect moments are when you are here."
She felt bad upon recollection, which is no real surprise, because her cynical outlook took hold again. It was a constant fear of her's that things would not last. They would fall apart.
He would tire of her.
He would leave.
He would grow bored.
Find someone else.
He always told her that he would last forever, but how long is that?
Brushing aside those thoughts, she retrieved her recipe book, placed each pillow back properly in its resting place, and made her way to the bedroom with her dirty clothes filling her hands. She dumped them in an ever expanding pile at the foot of her bed, and returned to the kitchen.
The water!
She had forgotten it.
Scrambling to the burners, she grabbed the handle of the pot and pulled it off of the fire. The water had completely evaporated and the bottom of the pot was colored black and she ran it under cold water as steam erupted in the sink. She moved it off to the side and frowned.
Well, at least she hadn't burned any food.
Yet.
She slumped in the corner of her tiny kitchen area with her arms clutching tight the stupid cookbook to her chest and was fighting back tears when the doorbell buzzed in her ears.
It never did cease to annoy her that it rang louder in the kitchen than anywhere else, something the super could not understand or simply didn't want to.
She stood up, and made her way to the door, dropping the book off on the counter as she went. Peering out the peephole, she was greeted by the welcomed sight of her friend from school.
This was certainly a surprise because while she had invited her over a few times, and they had a lot of fun playing various games with her always varied dates, she rarely ever dropped by unannounced and now she showed up at her door on such an important day, one in which she wasn't even sure she had mentioned to her.
She opened the door and was shocked at what she saw.
She opened the door and was shocked at what she saw.
"Wherever did you find that?!" she asked with an incredulous look.
Standing in the doorway to her apartment was her friend Shannon dressed in faded at the knees blue jeans, a white tank top, and sandals with pink trim. In her hands, she attempted to balance an enormous teddy bear that was at least twice her size, which wasn't too difficult as she was rather petite and short in stature at what she termed a healthy five feet, three inches.
"A little help with the bear here, please?" her friend requested, struggling to verbalize her plea whilst buried beneath the excessive fur.
She moved forward and took the giant teddy by it's arms and together they moved within the safe confines of her abode eventually depositing the bear in the middle of the sofa where he took up much of the room.
After taking a moment to allow her friend to catch her breath, she simply had to know. "Okay, what's the deal with that thing? Does he have a name? What's he for? How much did he cost?"
Just as she was about to answer the barrage of queries, Shannon was cut off by one more question.
"And can I keep him?"
With that she hugged the giant bear and they both laughed at the sight of her clinging on to this gigantic bear.
"Well, I actually brought him here for you. I know today is your anniversary, and no don't even ask how I know, and I know your affinity for anything stuffed, and I do mean anything, so I thought this bear might be a cute way of showing my appreciation for your friendship."
One thing Shannon could certainly do was talk, and quickly. She belted out the answer and was about ready to dive in for another helping of ramble on before she was once again interrupted.
"So which one gave you the bear?" she asked pointedly, not allowing one more moment to linger without knowing the story of the bear.
Shannon let out a sigh. "It was Peter, but he only did it because he wants to get back together. And I don't mean in a romantic way. I don't even like animals, whether they are animated or not, but think he'd remember that? Noooo. So I figured I might pass him on to you. Like him?"
"I do! Very much so. You could have called me first and I could have picked him up. How did you get him up the stairs by yourself?" she wondered aloud, attempting to picture in her own mind the valiant attempts of her diminutive friend hoisting and dragging the furry brown monster up three flights of stairs.
With that, Shannon promptly turned to her side and flipped through her purse that was laying on the floor while propped up next to her chair. She pulled out a piece of paper with a phone number on it and showed it to her friend.
"The super, he thought I was cute and offered to lend me a hand, though I think he was hoping for more." she said with a wink.
"You're just evil. Pure evil. I love it. Do you ever do anything for yourself?" she offered playfully with a grin.
Shannon shook her head, stood up and grabbed a bottle of water from the fridge while surveying the various food products laying about and the burned pot. "Not if I can help it! So whatcha burning?"
The starcrossed lover and amateur-at-best chef jumped up and skipped over to the sink and began the tedious process of scrubbing the damaged pot. "Well, tonight is supposed to be special so I figured I might try my hand at cooking him one of his favorite dishes. I sort of lost track of things for a moment there, though. So how did you know about today, anyway?"
Shannon smiled, knowing her friend couldn't help herself. She was always so curious. "Would you believe a certain teddy bear told me?"
The lack of response and indignant look from her friend gave her all the answer she needed.
"Okay, okay. You can't tell, though. Your boyfriend," and she poked her friend in the bare tummy as she was still only wearing her bra, "told me not to say anything to you. Oops, did I say that?"
The two ladies exchanged knowing glances of amusement. "Did he now? So he hasn't forgotten! I knew it. Grr!"
Shannon couldn't help but laugh at that. "So he made it seem like he forgot? Oh boy, tonight is certainly going to be fun. Er, not that I'd know anything about it or anything."
She just smiled smugly and winked at her friend who shot her a glare from across the small kitchen.
"Fine. Don't tell me. See if I answer the phone the next time the next Mr. Perfect turns out to be a fraud." she muttered in reply.
Shannon just brushed the comment off, "Well, good thing I know where you live then."
With that she sauntered over to the cache of gifts sitting unwrapped in her apartment in full view. "Hmmm, interesting selections. Talk about your wide variety of gifts. You've been to most of these places, haven't you?"
She asked the question but was already aware of the answer. It seemed cute that she would go to such lengths to share parts of herself like that. That was probably one of the things that Shannon liked most. She was so thoughtful and took her time to make things meaningful even if it wasn't always appreciated.
That was one of the reasons for the bear, really, she actually kind of liked the thing, but knew it would make her dear friend smile.
And of course it would play very well into tonight.
She certainly had to watch herself, though, as things were still somewhat up in the air.
Tenuous at best, she thought, as she thumbed through the pages a book she had sitting on top of the pile of his gifts. The pages were fresh and clean, the binding still firm and without crease, it was obviously new.
"You got him Harry Potter? You know he won't read it. He swore off those books. I love this necklace, though, haven't I seen you wear it? What's this? Another necklace? With a pentagram? Oooohh, some voodoo magic planned for tonight?!" Shannon began modeling the sterline silver necklace with the gold inlayed pentagram on herself and dancing about the room making all sorts of strange noises.
It was a sight to behold.
Truth to be told, she had planned to wear the necklace tonight, and give her love the one with the pentagram. He had seen it in one of the many shops she had dragged him into and mentioned it was the one thing in the entire place he'd actually wear. He was always into the occult and things of a fantastical nature.
It was the theme.
As for the other necklace, it was secured by long wiry golden strands fastened to a diamond-shaped centerpiece with bowing wires of metal on the top half along with a metallic seagull in flight hanging in the center, pebbles of rose quartz adorned the structure along with ornamental leaves hanging from the lower half with the bottom tip a singular star shining brightly.
One of her closest friends had actually made the piece for her as a gift for her birthday. It was that very same birthday with which her love's own present would form the foundations of their current relationship.
And this was not lost on her.
Neither was her desire to meld those worlds, both past and present, into one beautiful future with her love.
Her love.
How much she missed him right now.
In the throes of passion, that was what she wanted to be lost in, right now, there really was nothing like his hands pressed into her hips and his nails raking across her back or grasping her hair in them.
Suddenly, a jolt of electricity coursed throughout her body.
She shook with the realization of Shannon's hand brushing up against the bare skin of her back as she moved past her to get to the silverware drawer. She removed a corkscrew and popped open a bottle of rosé.
Retrieving two wine glasses from the cupboard, Shannon poured each of them a healthy dose and offered to help her cook.
"Well, I figure the worst that can happen is we burn it a second time." Shannon said, unlocking the cookbook and finding the appropriate page. She could feel her friend staring at her, and so she offered a wink.
Embarassed by being caught gazing, though it wasn't difficult to do with Shannon with as lovely as she was, she had that kind of striking beauty that grabbed you and simply demanded one take notice.
Shannon smiled at her before shooing her off. "You really should get ready if you plan to be at all presentable tonight."
Collecting herself, she turned around and headed off toward the bedroom, catching the door with her foot to close it as she went past. It only made it halfway through completion, though she remained unaware as she shimmied out of her shorts.
Catching a glimpse of herself in her mirror, she looked herself up and down and was dissatisfied with too many aspects of her body, especially in contrast to the tanned beauty in her kitchen. There she stood in her bra and panties, neither matching, and she frowned. Sucking in her stomach she removed the clasp of her bra when she heard a sound from behind her.
As she turned her head around, Shannon was standing directly behind her grinning ever wide.
It was an awkward moment for her, considering she wasn't very happy with her body. She didn't let very many people see it beyond those she was close to, and it was only after spending time in college sharing a room with another girl that allowed her even the comfort to walk around her own apartment in her bra with her friend.
This was slightly different.
She felt secure in her room and right at that very instant that comfort was removed. Taken from her in a way she was not really capable of discerning, but she felt it. Not only was she bare of much clothing, there was something else, the way her friend was staring at her that belied a more devious intent.
A shiver coursed throughout her body, shaking her slightly as her eyes asked the question her mouth could not say.
Shannon just smiled at her as she moved in ever close behind her, almost to the point of touching.
But not quite.
She looked off to the side, her head tilted downward, not wanting to focus on anything, especially the possibilities of what may come from this experience. Tensing up, she gritted her teeth and closed her eyes, waiting for the first touch of Shannon's hands or lips upon her own body.
It would be deceitful to suggest she had not imagined this moment before.
In the confines of her own mind. The last vestige of security was locked away inside her thoughts, and in there remained no key or doorway that one could simply brush past and enter seeing her for all she was. And all she was not.
She had in fact imagined Shannon in such a way before, and it was not difficult to do considering how open Shannon had been about her attraction to females and the stories she shared of her escapades in that regard only piqued her interest in it. She dared never actually act on any of her feelings, though she had confided in her lover that such fantasies were of a certain delight to her and they had even gone so far as to incorporate them into their lovemaking when the mood struck her.
And struck she was.
Right now.
This very experience she had wondered about for so many nights spent in baited bliss.
Now?
Now, she was trembling with anticipation and a fervent desire to be touched and kissed not even taking into account any her surroundings or the consequences of such a want.
Stepping in ever closer to her, to the point of being a breath's width away from her, Shannon leaned in close and whispered softly in her ear as she slid her right hand around her friend's abdomen, brushing it gently and reveling in the reaction she stirred within her.
"I wanted to catch you before you took your shower. I have something for you."
With that, she once more brushed her hand across her friend's torso. Oh, she was hot to the touch, and Shannon suspected more than slightly aroused.
In the most playful of tones, she broke from her whisper and spoke in a lighter mode, "You forgot your drink, silly. Can't have you wasting good alcohol, now can I?"
Her eyes shot open and she looked down and resting in Shannon's hand right in front of her tummy was the wine glass she had been drinking from that she had abandoned in the other room. Immediately her cheeks flushed red in embarassment, and she could hardly mutter anything more than a small thanks.
Clearing her throat, she kept her bra up to her chest with her right hand and with her left she took the glass, examined it, and downed the contents all in one fluid motion.
Shannon did not move an inch however, and once more returned to her hushed tones. "Not a problem, sweetie. Oh, and I think I know what your gift is, that is, if you want to know."
The knowing smile was evident on Shan's face, though she could not see it. Still staring downward, she pensively asked, "Uh huh. So he told you. I knew it. That's why you came over! What is it?"
As quickly as she had asked the question, Shannon grabbed her arm and spun her around so that they were facing each other, Shan took her face in the palms of each hand and kissed her gently on the lips, tasting the lingering alcohol and gently massaged her way inside her mouth with her tongue.
Stunned and disoriented, she dropped her bra to the floor and let her arms hang outstretched at her sides, enjoying the aggression of her friend. She allowed Shannon to kiss her what seemed an eternity before becoming lost in her own cravings and returned it, they stood there interlocked and embracing until finally their foreheads came together and their lips separated even but for a quick instant.
"Me."
She was not even capable of catching her breath before Shannon's hands assaulted her body. Sliding up and down her smooth figure, Shan traced imaginary figures on her friend's bare hips. The sensation of those gentle fingertips delicately traversing her body sent a splintering shiver up and down her spine. Closing her eyes she allowed her more experienced friend to take the lead, and did she ever.
Shannon's lips crept slowly down her chin and to her neck, where they lingered for the sole purpose of providing more incredibly bolts of electricity coursing throughout her friends body.
Had she any control over her extremities she would have returned the favor or done something. Anything. However, she was not so fortunate. Still reeling from the shock of it all and enjoying herself more than she ever thought possible, the moment became the entire focal point of her desires.
No longer was she concerned about the future or the past or what she must do next, but rather she was entirely in tune with her surroundings in a way she had never been with a male.
The way Shannon with every third passing along her hips gently dragged her nails over her the front of her thigh and up to her panty line was something she absorbed as her neck was being sucked on with a vigor that belied the delicacy of her friend's lips.
Oh, those sweet and torturous lips.
Eyes still closed, she swayed in the empty room. Shannon had now worked her way to her bare chest and those perky breasts that held nipples ever so erect with desire.
They craved attention, which they soon received. At first, Shannon only sucked on each in turn, licking them around with her tongue, but as she could hear her friend's breathing became increasingly heavy and laborious, she quickened the pace and increased the intensity of her suction.
By now, simple motor responses had allowed her to wrap her own arms gently around Shannon's waist, barely holding her close, her eyes still closed and her lips now parched.
Her throat was so dry, and her hips so ultra sensitive. It was as if Shannon had somehow instilled in her some level of feeling in which she was unaware existed. Excavation of a sensation she considered almost too good to withstand.
Yet no protest was made.
Not as if she could anyway.
And then she felt it. The hard biting down on her right nipple as her left was pinched provocatively. She winced, but made no other sound, her eyes swirling back and forth as if she were reading, perhaps imagining in her own mind exactly what might happen next and being delighted that she was completely unaware and not even close to the mark on how good such could feel.
Shannon alternated between fondling one breast while licking, sucking, and biting the other, before she slid her tongue down her friends abdomen, coming down to her waist. She slowly pressed her hands flat to her friend's thick outer thighs, a part of herself which she was never quite happy with a product of her days studying dance, and she slowly inched her fingers forward, before finally reaching the waist straps of her panties.
They were cute, Shannon mused, the kind where you tie them on the sides. A dark purple with a white bunny on the lower right hand corner beneath which was threaded the name, 'Thumper.' How appropriate.
With a short tug on the string, her friend was now painfully bare, and she stood there biting her lower lip without being able to face Shannon directly. Her knee instinctively crossed over and bent, allowing her some semblance of modesty though there was simply none to gain.
Shannon pushed her forward until she gently fell backwards onto her bed, which was promptly not made. Laying on the sheets still strewn about from her previous night's slumber, Shannon slowly opened her friend's legs and kissed her right calf up to the crook beneath her knee. Softly Shan flicked her tongue over it before allowing her nails to dig hard into those delightful hips.
So inviting, she kissed her way to the inner thigh, and began sucking on it with a vengeance before allowing herself a few well-timed bites.
Quite the arousal as she could smell the decadent scent of sex.
She pulled on each knee and instinctively her friend spread her legs wide as if inviting Shannon inside. The mere act of doing so caused her desire to ascend to heights it had seen only in fantasies and dreams where limits were not set and boundaries never met.
Shannon slid up across her body, allowing their abdomens to press against one another and she whispered in her ear in the softest and sexiest voice she had heard to that point.
Ever.
"Mmm, you're so incredibly wet. I wonder if you taste as sweet as your look."
With that, she kissed her way back down between both breasts, cupping them with her hands, and stopped at the shaved area just below her throbbing wet lips.
It was not perfectly, as it seemed she was likely going to clean herself up before being detained, but there was something sexy about the gently pricks as she rolled her tongue across the mound of flesh.
She slowly dipped it down below her waist, and rolled her tongue over along each outer lip. When she stopped and began sucking hard on the shaven mound of flesh. It was a jarring sensation and the moan she elicited was intensely erotic and only further encouraged Shannon to pinch both of her friend's nipples hard.
As she began twisting each, her friend gasped in the pleasure and pain of the experience, as Shannon descended upon her sex and french kissed her friend's soaking wet pussy.
The slow and rhythmic flicks of Shannon's tongue across her now throbbing clit caused her back to arch as she desperately clutched at the sheets surrounding her. She dug her fingernails deep into the fabric and gripped them tightly in her hands, wringing them out as the fervor between her legs and the pinched of her nipples left her in a state of delirious pleasure. She heard herself moaning, louder with each decadent sampling of herself, until she could take no more.
Her body was now on fire, small pins of elecritricity made their presence known on every inch of her inflamed skin, and as she climaxed she wrapped her powerful legs around her friend's neck and thrust herself against her face.
She had allowed herself to completely lose control and act in the moment, something she was so unaccustomed to, in particular with how awkward she always felt in most situations.
The warm feeling washing over her body only increased her awareness of how hot she was.
Immediately, as was customary with her, she looked for water as soon as she was done.
Parched, her legs slacked off, and Shannon began kissing her legs while she turned to reach for the bottle of water she left on her nightstand for just such occasions as this.
As she did, not only did she realize the bottle was missing, but she also noticed something out of the corner of her eye.
Someone.
Her love!
There he stood in the doorway, completely clothed, in his typical attire of slacks and a collared shirt, and he had this ever so smug grin on his face.
The kind he knew she so often loved to tease him about.
"I want to just smack that grin right off your face!" she would often exclaim, as he made use of it most often when he had something over her.
And this instance would be no different.
Without saying a word, in his calm but ever so mischievous way, he walked over to her and held out his hand in which he held none other than a bottle of water.
She had nothing to say.
She didn't know what to say.
Or what to think.
If not for the fact she became even more aroused by the fact he was there, and of course that Shannon began running her fingernails along the back of her thighs, she figured that she probably would not even know what to feel.
Yet all she could do right now was feel.
Staring at her with a look of both longing and affection, he removed the cap from the water and allowed her to drink some, before he wrapped his arms around her and began kissing her.
With barely enough time to quench herself with the soothing liquid, her thirst was ignited once more, but with a whole new object of desire in her sights.
She returned his kiss full on, sucking on his tender lips, as their tongues danced with each other playfull. Running her hands up and down his back, she quickly pulled his shirt from its lodging, and nearly ripped the buttons as it came off in a tumble.
Shannon, not to be left out, had snaked her way up the length of her body, and was kissing her abdomen up to her breasts, stopping briefly to suckle her nipples, before finding herself at the base of her neck, licking and kissing around it while the two lovers shared their passion.
And she had her.
Her neck.
There was something about it, that one particular spot, and Shannon had discovered it with her lively tongue and soft precious lips, as she continued to tease her while tweaking her nipples.
Brief gasps of wicked pleasure interrupted the kiss, as her love decided to do the same to her, descending upon her neck with his own mouth so that each was at the base on opposite sides kissing and sucking, their hands exploring her body from her back to her thighs to her breasts.
With her own hands, she began running each through her love's short curly hair and Shannon's long dark mane, her eyes closed and her legs hanging open with the desire that burned between them only continuing to mount into a raging inferno of want.
Need.
Her desire would be met,as the two of them laid on either side of her.
Holding her.
They began kissing their way back up her neck,until they moved across her lips, she stole small pecks from each as they passed over her, traversing what seemed every corner of her face.
She gripped her boyfriend's hair tightly with her hand and steered him back in for another deep kiss, and as Shannon toured around them, she was unsure.
Uncertain.
And then she did it.
Shannon, too, was directed by her towards her lips, and her boyfriend surprisingly with ease took notice. Soon each of them was kissing the other, not so much taking turns kissing as doing so at the same time. Tongues mingled as lips clamped down and pulled gently and tugged playfully.
Then it happened.
She couldn't help it, really.
Naturally observant, even in her tipsy state of bliss, she wanted to absorb every bit of her surrounding as much as she wanted to feel every sensation.
In her immersion into the scene, she realized that her boyfriend's hands had removed Shannon's top as he fondled her breasts, and that Shan had her hands rubbing his erection through his pants.
The stark reality of the situation hit her in the face.
Hard.
And as she watched this scenario, still kissing both of them, though without the obvious intensity as the concept unfolded before her and was secure within her mind.
At which point, once again, the unexpected grabbed hold of her and took her for a ride in which the destination, one she was aware of but considered unlikely at best, was also a surprise.
Her arousal had gotten to the point she was now dripping wet. It trickled down her inner thighs at various points, and she became accutely aware that she had never before been so turned on. Particularly by the site of the two of them touching each other.
And touching her.
Oh and were they ever.
Her bare body lay in between the two of them, their body heat creating a veritable sauna of sensuality as she soaked in the delight of his rugged hands scanning her soft abdomen while her friend with delicate strokes caressed her inner thigh. Instinctively she felt herself spreading her legs wider, a reflex that always turned herself on, in particular when her love noticed it.
The reason was simple.
Whenever he was aware of it, he always made certain to take full advantage.
Shannon seemed observant, as her fingertips inched up the inside of her thigh to the base of her body, and Shannon began massaging her friend's clit while kissing her own boyfriend in front of her.
The very enticing action was the same as earlier, as Shannon was quite skillful with her long slender fingers, but the result was altogether startling and quite a bit different. Drastically so. The simple events as they had unfolded before her, in particular right in front of her as she watched the two of them making out mere inches from her own lips, had a profound impact on how turned on she was. Alcohol or not, she was very much enjoying what she was seeing, and she caught herself as into it simply watching and feeling as she was participating. In a way it was almost more erotic to feel herself being played with while also being able to watch.
Her breaths came more rapidly, as she inhaled deeper and she could not keep her eyes from squinting due to the pleasure.
She was close.
Again.
She wanted it.
She needed it.
So close.
Oh, so very close.
And then he did it to her.
Out of the corner of her eye, as she was just about to the point of climax, she could see him wink at her.
It was too much.
He knew she was there, and as her leg muscles clenched and her body went rigid with the orgasm coursing through her body she felt a soft warmth encircle each breast as they began sucking and ultimately biting her nipples. Her body was shaking, and yanked on his hair and gripped Shannon's furiously. He placed his hand on her chest to hold her down and in place as they continued their sexual assault upon her chest.
She let out a huge sigh of relief, allowing her lungs once more to expand and expel oxygen normally, as she attempted to recover and ascertain her bearings.
No more had she closed her legs slightly, than did she have Shannon's own breasts in her face, half laying over her upper body.
Looking down Shannon's darker skin she admired the tone and definition to her body, before her eyes settled on the fact her boyfriend had pulled Shannon's incredibly short miniskirt up over her ass, and pulled her thong to the side and was fingering her while now sucking on her own neck. She could smell the scent of arousal and not of her own. It was a sweet fragrance, once in which only the decadence of naked bodies pressed warmly against each other full of desire and want.
And want she did.
She instantly desired to have Shannon mount her and squat down low, allowing her tongue access to the sweet nectar of love that permeated the air. She wanted to taste her. Badly.
Moans.
Hard, guttural, and urgent she heard them in her ear.
His manhood was already firmly pressed into the side of her leg, and it dawned on her that she had been massaging it with her thigh absently, as she would sometimes do in a public spot or innapropriate place to tease him. She could hear how much he wanted her in his tone, as it was most oft heard right before he would cum. She looked down, still quite absorbed by the site of his fingers, now quite slickened by Shannon's arousal, sliding in and out of her. She freed his erection from obstruction, and quickly began stroking it up and down as he allowed his hot breath to dance tantalizing along her neck and his deep voice to growl and purr with aggression in her ear due to his newly found satisfaction.
Hard, she pulled on his cock, almost tugging him towards her, she adored the taste of his body and in particular how he looked when she swallowed him whole, and were she not to have Shannon sitting on her face, she would have him sliding himself into her.
And what she wanted, well, she intended to have.
She urged him forward, her hands pulling him by his manhood as she flicked her tongue across Shannon's breasts, every so often brushing up against her down with an almost accidental intent. It seemed though she had this woman touching her, kissing her, and licking her, she was still in many ways not completely removed from her shy ways.
Not completely, but almost, as her boyfriend had now positioned himself above her, and she left Shannon's breast to take her love into her mouth.
First, she teased the head of his cock, twisting it in her mouth and rolling her tongue over it.
Not to be left alone, Shannon joined her by kissing the shaft until he pulled himself out of her mouth.
Looking down into her eyes, he angled himself toward Shannon's mouth and she took him full on, taking in almost his entire erection as she almost choked on it.
The very image of her opening herself up and throating her lover and the look of pleasure on his face as she went from him to his cock in her mouth and back to him.
She sat there and began touching herself, watching.
He gripped Shannon's hair, and held her head in place, and he began sliding himself in and out of her mouth.
Knowing full well how difficult that is to handle, especially a girl of Shannon's stature in comparison to the average length but incredible girth of her boyfriend, she was impressed.
And excited.
She started sucking and biting Shannon's nipples, attempting to give her pleasure as she allowed her mouth to be fucked.
Kisses down her chest to her firm tummy, and there she did it.
Closing her eyes and opening her lips, she pressed them softly to the fabric of Shannon's now soaked panties.
She kissed all the way down until she was completely in between Shannon's legs.
Laying there, she licked at the fabric as Shannon suddenly gasped for air and coughed.
Though lacking air, Shannon dug her nails firmly in the back of her thighs, letting her know how good it felt.
How much she wanted it.
It was too much.
Her clit throbbed and her lips were swollen in warmth and desire.
"I want you inside of me. Now!" she practically begged of him.
He looked down at her and smiled.
She looked at him, longingly. He would always wear that smug grin and she knew he was reveling in the moment right now. His satisfaction over having her, in near desperation, voice her desire to have him inside of her making them one sensuous being through their lovemaking did not win out over her urgent desire.
Desires for him.
Desires of her.
Placing his arms on Shannon's shoulders, he forceably separated her mouth from his arousal, and with enough force flung her back onto the bed. Noticing the opportunity, his girlfriend acted quickly, she moved in to secure her place between him and Shannon.
Without hesitation, Shan spread her legs wide open, and kissed her index finger before she ran that same finger down her chest and to her sopping wet panties. Gently she rubbed herself over the fabric, as her friend began sucking and licking her darkened nipples.
Then she felt it.
His hands slid over her hips as she was on all fours tending to Shannon's breasts, firm and hard he steadied her, and then he slid himself with one smooth motion inside of her the full length, his thick cock causing her body to adjust to allow for such entry.
She shuddered, shaking, still he held her firm, and worked himself in and out of her.
Still, she did not venture south of Shannon's torso, still too shy and nervous to remove her underwear and experience that which had held her fascination and been her fantasy for so long. So often she had heard before that one's fantasies, particularly erotic in nature, are often best left to the imagination. As selfish as it was, she didn't want to ruin what had already exceeded and gone far beyond her highest of expecations.
That, and she adored the slight gasps and moans that escaped Shannon's lips. They drove her wild, and she reached her fingers down and began fingering herself while her love moved in and out. He had spent much of his time dragging his nails up and down her back after steadying her hips at the outset. Now, he began kissing her back. His hot lips against her burning skin was enough to sizzle, as the body warmth coming from each of them was startling.
Rivulets of perspiration could be seen gleaming off of their bodies, and the scent of sex was in the air. She was intoxicated by Shannon's own smell, sweet like honey, and all too sticky she imagined. She was so tempted. In particular with Shan staring her down, her eyes almost stealing away her thoughts, as if she were aware of the indecision she grappled with of whether or not to taste her friend.
Her boyfriend wrapped his arms around her waist from behind and hugged her, leaning up against her while remaining deep inside of her. Sucking on the back of her neck, he dabbed his tongue along her shoulder to her ear before nibbling on it.
Shannon reach up and began kissing her, sharing the taste of her boyfriend's erection that lingered on her lips, they made out while he was still pumping in and out of her at a reduced rate.
Slow and smooth.
Soft.
Sensuous.
Like a kiss on both ends, she felt it.
She wanted more.
And she would have it, with a little urging, of course.
He whispered in that subdued tone and lowered pitch, "I want to watch you taste her while I making love to you. You want this. We've talked of it for so long. You can do this. You will do this."
She kissed Shannon harder, digging her nails into her lower back and mid-shoulder as he said such things, uncertain if she was the only one privy to the conversation.
It was exciting, she could not deny, and he felt so good. It was so nice to have both end of her filled in this way. So sweet.
How sweet was she going to be?
Still slightly unsure of her decision, it was all but made for her.
"The louder she moans, the harder I make love to you. The more she squirms and writhes in pleasure the faster I make love to you. Should she lose her vigor and excitement, I'll stop."
His voice resonated.
So did his smile.
No, she didn't see it.
She could hear it.
And she loved it.
He placed his hand on the back of her head and gripped her hair, and motioned her forward and down, toward Shannon's inviting panties. The aroma of lust was overwhelming, and the color of her underwear was darker due to the extreme wetness of her arousal.
Shannon reached down and began fondling her friend's nipples as she slowly had her own underwear tugged off. Easily bringing her knees together to allow them to be pulled down, she was finally free of clothing, and yet still shackled by wanting.
Smooth and shaved, she kissed Shannon's mound and rolled her tongue over it as she felt him smacking into her harder from behind. He began going at her with a fury, and as soon she felt her nipples pinched for the first time she plunged her tongue deep inside of Shannon.
The moan was not only high in pitch but also in excitement. He had perfect view of his girlfriend's head sliding up and down as her tongue flicked across Shannon's throbbing clit, and then her lips enclosed on it, suckling the clit while rolling her tongue around it.
The taste was the most delicious of nectars, sexier that she could hear the pleasure she was inducing as well as feel the enjoyment she was giving her boyfriend as his erection seemed to grow inside of her.
Stretching her.
Shannon ran her hands through her friend's hair as she licked and kissed at her sex, and wrapped her short but still powerful legs around her neck. She began thrusting herself into her friend's motuh, as Shannon gritted her teeth and moaned.
At the edge of ectsasy and almost over.
She wanted it.
She needed it.
It was so nice.
The screams.
"I'm going to cum!" she shrieked out of desire as much as anything.
Shaking, Shannon rolled around on the bed, flinging her body against it as the waves of pleasure seeped through her body.
Still flicking her tongue over Shannon's clit, she felt her boyfriend grab her by the hair and yank on it, kissing at her from behind as she slammed into her as hard as he could, sliding completely out of her body so that the head of his cock had their shared cum clinging to it while the other end was still attached to her body before he slammed it back home inside of her.
Laying there, Shannon reached underneath and began licking at her clit and her boyfriend's throbbing erection, as he forced his lover's own head down once more on Shan. She was eager and needed no real motivation.
Not this time.
The two girls pleasured each other in a synergy of sensuality as he brought the sexuality into play. He took turns sliding himself in and out of his girlfriend as well as fucking Shannon's inviting mouth. The feeling became too much, and as he pulled himself out of his lover after one deep plunge, he felt Shannon's tongue flick over the head and he felt himself release.
He growled, and moaned his lover's name with a guttural tone, "Oh God, I'm cumming."
His hot sticky substance spurted out all over his girlfriend's wet lips, and his cock, now in Shannon's hands, was aimed right there. Surge after surge of his fluid pelted her in between the legs and on her ass, which Shan greedily lapped up.
Exhausted, he laid back on the bed and watch as his girlfriend was cleaned by the dark lips of her friend, and as the two women sat up, naked and spent with their bodies a glimmer of sexual explosion and exertion, Shannon leaned in and kissed her friend hard.
They shared him between the two of them, allowing his sex to flow from one mouth to the other in their intimate kiss.
It was stunning to watch his lover so open and free, and still so beautiful..
"What a perfect moment." he said with a grin.
Oh, that smug smile.