My wife's journey towards exhibitionism wasn't anything we intended, planned, or conceived. It was one of those things that just happened. Especially with our backgrounds.
Let me explain: We're an average middle class couple. We were both raised in nice suburban families. And we've always lived normal lives. We've never been in trouble with the law (besides the occasional traffic violation) and we try our best to be active in the community.
Simply put, we're regular everyday people.
Just like you.
***
I first met Wendy back in high school in New Hampshire. I was a normal guy just looking to get laid. Like most students at that age, I had a care-free attitude. In terms of academics, I managed to do well.
Wendy was different though. She was a smart girl. A 'good girl.' I was a year older than her, and in my senior year, we ended up having two classes together. We never talked back then, but I thought she was a pretty girl.
She was outgoing, fun, and mildly popular. But at the same time, shewasn'tsomeone who ever did anything crazy or had weird issues like a normal teen did. No. She was far too controlled for that. She was a disciplined person. It's the way she was raised. And that was just the type of personality she had.
What I found interesting about her was that her clothes were always neat. Her hair was always perfectly combed. Her belongings were always organized in class. When she raised her hand in class, it was always in the same courteous manner. She was that kind of person.
She was also very involved with local activities. By her senior year, Wendy had become class president, and by many accounts, she was the best class president in recent memory. She helped organize bake sales and other things, which benefited the students in whatever way necessary.
She was also heavily involved with church activities. I'm sure that made her parents proud, especially since her dad was a minister.
During her senior year, she was voted 'most outgoing' by her classmates, along with 'best smile.' In the yearbook, there were pictures of her with her trademark big smile. She was very proud of the two awards.
We didn't start dating until a year later when I ran into her at college over a thousand miles away. We both went to college in California.
I saw her on campus one day, during the first week of school. She looked so out of place and intimidated. It actually was kind of cute. I went up to her and she smiled, and that was the first time we had ever talked to each other.
She explained that she didn't know anybody at the college. She said that she wanted to experience new things, meet new people, and live in a new place- which is why she moved to a place like San Francisco.
Ironically enough, we started dating soon after.
Even in college, she was still the same girl from high school. She dressed a little more modern, but she still kept everything neat. There was still a pleasant demeanor about her. She quickly made new friends. After all, Wendy was the type of person who could befriend anyone. There were many magnetic qualities to her (mainly her kindness and cute smile).
I was afraid she was going to dump me for someone better, but that day never came. I think it's because I was her last reminder of home in New Hampshire. But that's just a theory of mine.
When we finally had sex several months later, she revealed that she was a virgin. She stood in her bra & panties and told me that she could never forgive herself if she lost her virginity to the wrong man. She was nearly in tears. For some reason, it made me fall in love with her.
There was such an innocent quality to Wendy. There was such a purity to her. She was such an endearing person. She was like a diamond in the rough, a pearl in the oyster, and her inner-beauty was still waiting to be released.
I told her I loved her. She believed it (because it was true). She reached back and unclasped her bra. She had shown her breasts to past boyfriends before (including me). Intimacy on that level wasn't a big deal to her.
There was a look of pride on her face, along with a look of shyness. In some ways, she was a little bit embarrassed about her breasts. They were small, perky, upturned, with large brown nipples. Her nipples looked like they were begging to be sucked. They protruded outwards. Completely stiff. Without a doubt, her nipples were unique in size.
She pulled her panties down to reveal a bush. She said she hadn't planned on anyone seeing her naked that night, so she didn't shave it. She apologized for it, which was unnecessary.
Tears were in her eyes during the lovemaking. They were tears of joy. Finally, she was able to express herself sexually. Finally, she became a woman.
Afterwards, she revealed that she had made a pledge to remain a virgin until marriage. It was a religious thing, obviously. There was guilt on her face and in her voice.
But things worked out for the best...
***
My wife's descent towards exhibitionism didn't occur until many years later, when she was 43 years old. Even at that age, she was still very much the same person. Intelligent and proper.
By that time, we already had 2 children together, and fairly successful careers.
Wendy became a professor. When she was in college, she didn't know what she wanted to do. But she knew she loved reading & writing, so she majored in English. After graduating from college, she tried becoming a novelist.
She wrote her first book at the age of 26, which hardly anyone read. It was a fictional book about a tight-knit family during the great depression. Not very many people read it. She wrote her second book at the age of 28, which was read by only slightly more people.
During that period, she got a teaching certificate. She taught different grade levels. She had a real passion for it. She loved teaching & guiding others. I could tell that it gave her life a real sense of purpose, and it was fulfilling work.
For many years, she taught at a local community college. She enjoyed that more because the students were much older, which meant that she was able to explore deeper concepts.
By the age of 39, she was able to land a permanent teaching position at the university, which was only a few miles from our house. She was ecstatic. Each semester, she formed close relationships with many of her students. Wendy was their mentor. She spent many nights reading books and perfecting her curriculum for the students.
Teaching was her passion in life (along with her family & faith).
At the urging of her students, Wendy had created a facebook account. Within a matter of weeks, she already had several hundred friends. Most of them were past students of hers. Even more impressive, she remembered all of them.
What she didn't know was that creating that account would be the catalyst for even bigger things to come.
*
Wendy's exhibitionist shift began by accident.
In the past few years, Wendy and I had traveled a lot more during our summers. We took up photography as a hobby. Everywhere we went, we took pictures of the scenery, and goofy pictures of ourselves. The kind of goofy pictures that people take when they're in love. (funny faces, big eyes, tongue sticking out, that sort of thing...)
A few days before the incident, I surprised her by taking pictures of her while she was reading in bed. She responded by pulling her tshirt up to flash her trademark large brown nipple.
Days later, she added a bunch more pictures to her facebook account. By that time, she already had nearly a hundred photos on her facebook profile. And that was nothing compared to the thousands of pictures we had on our computer and cameras. (yes, we were that obsessed with taking pictures. it was just for fun)
When she uploaded her new pictures, she did it before we went out to the theater. For some reason, she wanted to upload them fast.
A few hours later, we came home and prepared for bed.
I was ready to sleep, and Wendy was in front of the computer with a hand over her mouth.
"Oh my god," she gasped softly.
I asked what was wrong.
"I accidentally uploadedthatpicture," she gasped again. "A colleague messaged me about it. Oh my god. Oh my god."
When I asked which picture, she turned around to look at me.
"The one with my nipple showing. Oh my god. My goodness."
She looked devastated. She quickly deleted the picture and put her hands on her face. It was like a bad dream.
She climbed onto the bed and put her head on my chest. It shouldn't have been such a big deal, but to Wendy, it was like her hard earned reputation had taken a big hit. All her life, she was always the respectable and polite person. In her academic career, she had always been that nurturing mentor figure.
Now, suddenly, she felt as though the veil had been lifted back.
"God knows how many people saw that," she moaned. "Hopefully not my parents. They rarely use their facebook accounts. My brothers or sisters- oh god. I know that one of my colleagues has already seen it. And my students. How many of them must have seen it? And no one bothered to message me and tell me. I can't go back to class. I just can't."
Wendy was always a person who overreacts when things get stressful. But she would always calm down and think rationally again.
After several minutes, she washed herself in the bathroom and came to bed.
Despite being so devastated a few short moments earlier, she turned off the lights, and we had amazing sex that night. It was never clear why. Maybe she wanted sexual attention to relieve her sudden influx of stress? Or maybe, deep down, she was secretly aroused?
Like most marriages, our sex life had its ups & downs. Things had fallen into a routine after being together for so many long years.
But on that night, something had come over her. She didn't wait for me to make the first move like I normally did. Instead, she climbed on top of me, in the dark, and rode my cock. She moaned and gasped. She came.
When she finished, she rolled off me, and whispered, 'goodnight.'
***
It was summer and we planned our annual vacation. Sometimes we went alone, sometimes we took the kids, or something we went with friends.
This time, we went with my wife's best friend, Juliet.
Juliet was a lovely person with very similar qualities to my wife. They were both professors for many years, although Juliet taught at a different university.
At the time, Juliet had finished going through a divorce, and Wendy wanted to do something special for her, to make her feel better.
I thought it was a great idea. Juliet had always been very kind to my wife (and to me). And Wendy had always been great to Juliet.
Once, several years ago, Wendy was hard at work on her third book. It was a lengthy crime thriller about a seductress who got caught up in a political scandal. Wendy had worked hard on the novel while at home, and during her school office hours.
She claimed it was the best thing she had ever written, then suddenly, she had a terrible case of writer's block (or whatever you want to call it). Halfway through the writing process, the ideas had stopped coming. The plot had become so complex that Wendy didn't know what to do. It was so frustrating for her because she loved to write. Months later, she was tempted to quit.
But it was Juliet who saved the project. It was Juliet who read the work and provided useful insight. They sat down together for hours to roleplay the dialogue and make the story work. That's how close they were. They could sit for hours and have a great time talking.
The result was that Wendy created a book which was her crowning achievement in life (besides her family, of course). It eventually got published and Wendy couldn't have been more proud. I went to a few of her book signings, and even though only a few people attended, Wendy still beamed with pride.
Now that Juliet was going through personal issues of her own, it was only fair that we helped her during troubled times.
But we couldn't have realized that Juliet would be helping us instead...
***
Our trip was to a nice resort on the coast of Southern California.
It was beautiful. Exactly as advertised. Juliet was still busy with things, so she would be joining us a day later.
So it was Wendy and myself, enjoying the beautiful beach together.
It had been years since we went to a beach resort together. In previous years, we had either went to places where the weather was cold, or places which didn't require bathing suits.
The problem was, Wendy wasn't very happy with her body. I thought she looked amazing. She had that mature woman look, which many men (including myself) find appealing.
The older Wendy became, the more she tried to work on her physique. She watched her diet more closely. She tried exercising more often. She never went to a gym, but she enjoyed watching exercise programs on tv. She usually did basic things. Aerobics, ab exercises, calisthenics, and lots of stretches. On the weekends, she enjoyed long jogs.
But no matter what she did, she couldn't fight the sagging in her breasts, or her slightly expanding bottom. Having 2 kids had taken its toll on her body. The truth was, she looked sexy and beautiful. But she didn't want to believe it.
Eventually, she built up enough confidence to put on her new bikini and head to the beach.
The other beach goers were mainly couples around our age. The place was for adults, which was a great thing.
Some women went topless. The topless women had golden brown tans. It was clear that they spent plenty of time under the sun.
By contrast, Wendy was a bright shade of white the moment she removed her tshirt. We relaxed on lounge chairs and enjoyed the stunning view of the ocean. She seemed slightly embarrassed revealing her bikini clad body, but no one seemed to really notice.
That changed the moment a passer-by glanced at Wendy's body. Wendy noticed the person eyeing her chest & legs. Then Wendy turned away. Her legs squirmed. It was hard to tell if Wendy was offended, insulted, or aroused. But there was no denying that the brief moment had an effect on her.
Just like when she accidentally showed her nipple on her facebook profile.
***
Juliet arrived the next day. She greeted us at the resort lobby and gave us kisses on the cheek.
At that moment, I realized what a lucky man I was, being on vacation with two classy & sophisticated ladies.
Later the three of us went out for lunch. Juliet seemed to be in good spirits since the divorce, and I was happy for her.
Wendy tried her hardest to make sure that her best friend was doing alright. She even put her hand on Juliet's shoulder a few times.
But Juliet wasn't having it. Juliet had turned a new leaf, and she wanted us to know it.
"Thank you both so much," Juliet said. "Really, I'm fine. I couldn't be doing any better. I really appreciate you two inviting me out here. We're going to have a great time."
We both gave her an incredulous look. A few weeks earlier, Juliet was devastated emotionally. A sobbing mess. Now she was nothing but smiles. And she sensed our disbelief.
Juliet continued with a smile, "Look, the worst is over. Stop worrying about me. Let's just say that I've found a new outlook on life."
"You did?" Wendy asked.
"I've been reading a book. Well, it only took me a day to read it. And I've been re-reading parts of it ever since. I found it when I was cleaning out my house. All these years, and I forgot I had it."
The fascinating conversation came to an abrupt end when Juliet noticed a younger man checking her out. Juliet smiled back at him. Then she excused herself to go talk to him. She got up and walked towards the younger man in a way that exuded sexuality. It wasn't something I was used to seeing from Juliet. She was always a mild mannered person.
Wendy and I sat in awe while watching Juliet flirt with the man across the room. They exchanged information. They enjoyed meeting each other. The chemistry was obviously there.
A few moments later, Juliet came back to our table and said that she would be busy for the rest of the afternoon. She had already made plans to spend time with the guy she had just met. Then she said she would meet us for dinner.
With that, she gave us a wink and mouthed the words 'wish me luck' before running off with the handsome young man she had just met.
All Wendy and I could do was look at each other in disbelief.
***
We spent the day on the beach again. This time, Wendy wasn't as prudish with her looks. She seemed a bit more comfortable with showing her skin in public. She was more confident. And her confidence attracted a little more attention from other men. There were a few glances here & there.
This time, Wendy didn't cower when people looked at her. She seemed more proud of herself. Her boldness had only grown.
It was a hot day and we briefly swam in the ocean. When we got out, I couldn't help but admire how beautiful Wendy looked with the water dripping from her body. Her hair was slicked back from the water. The water still dripping from her skin. Her skin still looked really white, but she was slightly more tanned than yesterday.
We laid on the lounge chairs on the beach. We looked at the ocean view until Wendy finally broke the silence.
"Good for her," Wendy said. "It was so heartbreaking to see her in tears. I felt so helpless trying to comfort her. Then seeing her today- what a difference. I haven't seen her this relaxed in such a long time. Good for her."
I told Wendy that I agreed with everything she said. And she was right. Juliet's quick transformation was a great thing.
Just then, a group of topless women walked passed us. I tried my best not to look, because I knew it would make Wendy upset. When they left, Wendy seemed to squirm in her lounge seat a little bit.
"I don't know how some women can do that," Wendy said. "Maybe I'd be topless also if I was that beautiful."
I told her she was as beautiful as those younger women, and she believed me, and she smiled.
***
It was 7:45 and we were getting ready for our 8 pm dinner reservation.
As we got dressed, Wendy talked about her best friend again. She openly considered inviting Juliet's mystery man to dinner with us. She wondered if that would be weird or not, since it might have only been an innocent fling.
The entire time she was thinking, she sat in her bra & panties on the bed. She looked gorgeous. Like a vision of sophistication and sex. Her phone was in her hand and she wondered whether to text Juliet.
But then, Juliet texted both of us:
apologies! can't make it to dinner tonight. having impromptu pool party. -j
The message was strange because the main pool closed at 7 pm. So how could she be having a pool party?
It all made sense as Wendy stood by the window. Our hotel room was only 4 stories up, and we had a perfect view of the pool.
"My gosh," Wendy gasped.
I went over to the window to see what Wendy was looking at.
That's when we saw it: Juliet and her mystery man were kissing passionately by the pool area. Juliet was topless. Her breasts were proudly on display while her bikini top was on the ground. The man fondled her breasts.
The pool area only had a few lights on. No one else was there, since the pool was supposed to be closed. It was completely privacy for Juliet and her man (except that Wendy and I were watching).
We stood in silence as Juliet got in the pool, while the mystery man pulled his bottom down and sat on the edge. Juliet swam to the edge of the pool and put her head in his lap.
"Oh my goodness," Wendy gasped again. "We shouldn't be watching this."
But we watched anyway. We watched as Wendy's best friend gave oral sex to a man she had only met that day. We watched Juliet's head bob in the guy's lap, and her hand stroke him.
Through the corner of my eye, I saw Wendy's mouth open as she breathed a little heavier, and her hands seemed to fidget a little.
Soon after, the man appeared to reach his orgasm, and Juliet made sure everything was clean.
"I guess she won't be needing dinner anymore," Wendy quipped.
It was 7:56, and we were almost late to our dinner reservation.
***
Late that night. We laid in bed, in the dark. We had sex in a passionate way. She moaned a little more than usual. She held on tight and bucked her hips. When it was done, she laid beside me and enjoyed her orgasmic bliss.
There was a clear pattern which had emerged: When she accidentally showed her nipple of facebook- it lead to a night of hot sex. When we watched her best friend giving oral sex in the pool- it lead to a night of hot sex.
The logical conclusion was that Wendy was a closeted exhibitionist or voyeur. Maybe both.
I pointed out those facts to my wife, and she simply laughed. Then she thought for a moment.
"I don't know," she said, while we laid in the dark. "It's all so taboo. Accidentally showing my nipple on social media or watching Juliet dostuffin a public area is such a dangerous thing. I mean, my goodness, if anybody knew about this..."
Of course, she was wrong. Nudity & sex in the year 2015 wasn't nearly as taboo as it was when we were growing up. But in Wendy's world, nudity was still a major thing. The religious upbringing that Wendy had was ingrained in her life. She would never lose those conservative traits, and that's one of the things that made her so sexy.
In the same way, her conservative traits made her limited experiences with exhibitionism & voyeurism so much more exciting.
I told her my thoughts on the matter, and she laughed again, playfully slapping me on the chest.
"Now you're being silly," she laughed. "I'm serious, it must be the wine talking. You're imaging things. Goodnight."
She gave me a kiss on the lips, then we went to sleep.
***
The next morning. The three of us had breakfast together. Everyone was in a good mood. The mood was casual and we did our normal banter with each other. It was nice seeing the two ladies in a vacation atmosphere. There were no stresses or worries. No schedules or deadlines. Just relaxation, and it showed in their upbeat attitudes.
When the conversation turned to the previous night, Wendy couldn't help but blush, and Juliet wanted to know why.
"We saw everything," Wendy blushed. "From our hotel room. We looked outside towards the pool after you sent that text."
This time, it was Juliet's turn to blush. And she blushed to the point where her face nearly turned red, and her lips tightened.
Juliet explained that she had so much chemistry with the guy she had met. She further explained that it was part of a new phase in her life.
"I'm 38 years old," Juliet stated. "I'm not getting any younger. I feel like I'm in my prime. I feel great. And I want to enjoy things."
Wendy held her best friend's hand and said there was nothing to be ashamed of. She said she understood that Juliet was a woman with needs, and there was nothing wrong with that.
Things got slightly emotional at that point. Wendy & Juliet were two people who deeply understood each other.
Juliet added, "The book I've been reading has really given me a new perspective on life. Particularly with sex. Maybe you two should read it. I'll bring it to your room later."
At that point, my wife genuinely seemed intrigued. But she declined, saying that she doesn't like to read during vacations, because she already does plenty of reading for work. However, I was sure that the real reason was my wife's disdain for erotic literature and erotic images. She's generally against that. Once again, her religious upbringing came into play.
*
The rest of the day was casual. The three of us went to the beach and enjoyed the sun. We swam. We sunbathed. We simply had a good time.
Wendy seemed a lot more casual when topless women passed by. It was something she had become used to. She even became more comfortable with displaying her body. Removing her tshirt to reveal her bikini clad body had become effortless. Her confidence only made her more attractive.
During the mid-afternoon, we went to our separate rooms for a quick nap.
We had dinner reservations that night for the three of us. Once again, Juliet pulled out at the last minute to meet with her new friend.
This time, Juliet delivered the news in person by knocking on our hotel room door. Juliet wore extra make-up, and it was clear she was anticipating another night of steamy sex. She also handed Wendy a small book.
Wendy accepted the book and Juliet left.
***
After dinner, Wendy and I relaxed in the hotel room. I watched tv while Wendy was glued to the book.
The book looked incredibly old and worn out. It must have been at least 40 to 50 years old. The cover had been ripped off. The paper had turned dark brown. Crease lines were everywhere.
However, that didn't stop Wendy from reading it thoroughly. While I watched tv, Wendy just read. And she read it quickly. Wendy was used to speed reading since she did it for her job as a professor. She was used to reading hundreds of pages of student work, while on a tight deadline.
The book was no exception. In a few short hours, she finished half of it. That night, we stayed up later than usual, just so she could keep reading.
When we got in bed and turned the lights off, Wendy cuddled next to me.
"It was some erotica book," Wendy said with a drowsy tone. "Literature from the early 1900's. A queen who enjoyed being watched."
She adjusted herself in bed. Her voice grew faint as she became more sleepy.
Wendy continued, "It's a great book."
Soon after, she fell asleep.
***
In the morning, Wendy had woken up early to finish reading the book.
She sat by the window with her feet curled onto the chair. It was an arousing sight; Wendy with her hair down, wearing a black negligee, looking so tranquil as she read.
There was an expression of satisfaction on her face. It was clear that she had enjoyed the book after she finished.
Then she climbed back into bed. It was early in the morning and there was still plenty of time to rest.
"What a fascinating read," she said, getting comfortable. "It was about a character named Queen Andrea, who loved to show. Small things. Little by little. She became a real naughty flasher and loved public exhibitionism by the end. The writing was terrific. The book really did a great job of exploring the Queen's emotional journey and thought process."
There was a certain curiosity in Wendy's voice. She was naturally a curious and smart person. That's the way she's always been. That's part of the reason why she had written books and became an English professor. She loved exploring concepts and ideas. She loved exploring new feelings and experiences through the literary world.
I pressed her on it. She laughed and denied it. Then I pressed her again. Finally, she relented.
"I suppose. It's all so exciting. I'll admit, my heart was beating during a few scenes in that book. My goodness. And seeing Juliet yesterday, you know, I'm at a loss for words. For once in my life, I'm at a loss for words."
She continued to confide her thoughts. She explained the way her heart was beating when she read about Queen Andrea standing naked in front of the balcony, with the unsuspecting crowd below. There were other scenes in the book which had really gotten to Wendy, such as the Queen having lesbian experiences with her servants after a bath. Then there was a threesome, with the Queen, her loyal female adviser, and a male.
What made the book so exciting to Wendy was the level of detail and emotional depth. It was like a manual. How to be an exhibitionist 101.
Even more amazing, she admitted for the first time that she was aroused watching Juliet give oral sex to her friend. The fact that it was mildly public and risky was a strange turn-on for my wife.
Finally, she admitted that accidentally exposing her nipple on her facebook profile had a strange effect on her. She didn't know why or how, but there was an effect. Something she hadn't felt before.
Wendy was finally coming to grips with the feelings she never knew she had. All her life, her sexual feelings had always been treated like a chore. If she needed to take care of it, then she would, and that was the end of it.
But this was different. I had never seen her think about sex in an intellectual way before. She had never thought about any particular fantasies or fetishes before. It seemed like her mind was being opened to new things. Things which would lead her down a sexually liberated path.
*
After we washed up, we got ready for another beautiful day. Wendy was in her bathrobe as she picked out her clothes.
I stood in front of the window and looked out to the small crowd. There was a small pool party down below. As I watched the small gathering, I couldn't stop thinking about my wife's newfound fantasies.
The only thing I knew for sure was that Wendy needed to be pushed.
That's just the kind of woman she was. Years earlier, Wendy's sister bought us tickets to go sky diving. There was a gleam in her eyes, even as she constantly refused. She was adamant about not going, but deep down, a small part of her wanted to do it. When she was finally convinced, we went skydiving, and Wendy was absolutely blown away.
Last year, our family, along with another family, went to an amusement park. Our friends wanted Wendy & I to go ride on a scary roller coaster with them. Wendy refused. Once again, there was that gleam in her eyes. She refused, but she was curious. Deep down, she knew it might be fun. When she was finally convinced, she did it, and she had a great time.
That's the kind of person Wendy is. Sometimes she really wants to do something out of curiosity, but her conservative ways often hold her back from exploring new things in life.
It was like a paradox. A symbiotic thing. On one hand, she doesn't like doing certain things because they're dangerous or against her core beliefs. On the other hand, it's the danger that ultimately gives Wendy a massive adrenaline rush.
As I stood in front of the window, I called Wendy over. She came, still in her bathrobe.
When she asked what I wanted, I told her.
"No," she said, adamantly shaking her head. "No way. Out of the question. I can't believe you would ever ask me something like that. What's gotten in to you?"
I explained that everyone at the resort is an adult. And so is Wendy. We were on vacation. So maybe it was time to explore? Maybe we could do something fun that we would always remember. If she didn't like it, then fine. But if she did, it would have been a memorable experience.
She stood silently for a moment as she looked below at the unsuspecting pool goers. Finally, her hands reached down and she opened her bathrobe. Her breasts and vagina were exposed. Her large brown nipples hardened. Her heart raced and she took a long breath.
If the people down below only knew...
All they had to do was look upwards, and they would have seen Wendy, the intelligent and sophisticated woman, with everything on display.
Before things could escalate, Wendy closed her robe.
"That's enough adventure for one morning," she said in a plain tone, then stepping away from the window.
Wendy disrobed in the bedroom. My eyes were on her naked backside. Then she got dressed.
***
Breakfast was a casual thing. Juliet was there, and she told us about her night of hot passionate lovemaking with her vacation boyfriend. There was a shyness in Juliet's voice. And she talked low to make sure that other people couldn't hear.
But Juliet wanted her story told. She enjoyed talking about it. And Wendy & I enjoyed hearing about it.
It was incredible seeing how a respectable woman like Juliet, who we had known for many years, was suddenly so open about her sex life.
Wendy seemed transfixed on every word. It was almost like Wendy was getting aroused, right there at the breakfast table. I wanted to know what Wendy was thinking- her exact thoughts. I wished we were alone so I could ask. But once again, Wendy's expressive face revealed her thoughts. She was definitely aroused. And there was no question about that.
After Juliet was done talking about her night of oral sex and intercourse, it was Wendy's turn for revelations.
"I finished your book," Wendy gushed. "I must say, it was quite the interesting read. I was captivated all the way through."
Wendy explained in detail what all of her favorite parts were. Her favorite scenes. Her favorite descriptions. Her favorite details. This time, it was Juliet's turn to be transfixed.
Then, Wendy explained that I had taken her to the window, and that she opened her robe to reveal her nude body. Wendy seemed shy discussing it, and Juliet seemed pleasantly surprised to hear it.
"It was a rush," Wendy said. "What can I say? I guess I enjoyed it."
Juliet smiled, "Welcome to the club."
There was a sudden sexual tension between the three of us.
*
Our conversation continued on the beach. We laid close to each other on the lounge chairs.
It was amazing how two proper & intelligent women, at their age, were still able to find new aspects to their sexuality.
For all her adult life, Wendy has always been a woman that followed traditions and routines. In recent years, it was all the same. She would wake up early, spend the day at the university, and then come home to spend time with her family. She loved being in charge of household duties. And she loved taking care of the kids. She was a very paternalistic person. She had all the qualities of a great mother.
Our sex life was fairly average. Wendy was an easy woman to please. Typically, we either had sex early in the morning, or late at night. That was the only time we could do it, especially since we both had busy lives and 2 kids at home. It was the married couples dilemma.
Wendy never had any particular fantasies or fetishes as far as I knew. She was always vocal about what she liked. She enjoyed love making. The slow kind. She wanted to feel loved. She enjoyed being rubbed and caressed. Never anything dirty or degrading.
Now, on the beach, it was like Wendy was blossoming at her middle age.
It became increasingly clear that exhibitionism & voyeurism were her kinks. She still seemed shy about talking about it, but that's what made her excited.
"I have a fun idea," Juliet said. "Today is the last day of the trip. Why not make the best of it? Let's make this trip something memorable for all three of us. Something we'll never forget."
We both looked at Juliet, wondering what she had in mind.
Juliet continued, "It's a 4 step process based on the book. By the end of the night, we'll have a much better understanding of what Queen Andrea went through in the story."
And so it began...
*
The first step in the process came without notice. Juliet removed her bikini top and bared her breast. She seemed nervous at first, but tried to be proud, keeping her shoulders broad so that her breasts would point forward. They sagged a little bit and she had light brown nipples.
Wendy seemed genuinely stunned that her conservative friend would do such a brazen thing, but that was part of the fun.
"Your turn," Juliet said.
Attention turned towards my wife. Her lips moved and she was about to say something. She briefly gave the expression she usually uses if she wants to refuse. But she stopped herself. She stopped herself from refusing.
That's when Wendy undid her top. When the bikini top was loose, she held it to her chest, hesitating for a moment. Then she pulled her top aside. Her breasts and large brown nipples were free in the open air. She had a bikini tan line. Her body was slightly darker from the sunbathing, but her breasts were still pale white, which I thought looked really sexy.
Juliet smiled while Wendy looked nervous and timid.
At Juliet's instance, they went for a swim together in the ocean water. They tried inviting me, but I declined. At the moment, I only wanted to watch.
There was something so incredibly erotic about seeing two respected college professor's with their breasts free on a beach filled with people. They were nervous. But it made them feel young. They had fun swimming topless in front of others.
I wondered if they were aroused...
***
The second step of the process came mid-afternoon.
Wendy & I were alone in our hotel room. She had just finished a brief shower and was dressed in a bathrobe.
Following Juliet's advice, Wendy stood in front of the window overlooking the pool, just like earlier that morning, then she dropped her robe- standing completely naked.
It was a sensational sight. Wendy looked so nervous & scared. Several people were down in the pool area. If they had only looked up, they would have seen a beautiful woman with no clothes on.
Following Juliet's advice once again, Wendy reached down to play with herself. She stood with her legs spread. Her right hand rubbed her labia in a sensual way. She always masturbated in a gentle manner.
Suddenly, she froze.
"Oh god," she gasped. "Someone is looking at me."
It was the moment of truth. I gave her some encouraging words. It was up to her whether she wanted to continue or not. The decision was entirely hers. No one elses.
After a brief thought, she made her choice. Wendy's hand went back to work rubbing herself. Her eyes remained down at the pool area. It seemed as though she was looking directly at the person. Whoever was watching my wife was getting a great show.
"There's more," she gasped, still touching himself. "His friends are looking too. Oh my."
Once again, I reassured her that the option was hers.
She rubbed herself faster and harder. Her lips opened as if she was gasping for air. The look on her face said it all. She was a woman in lust. And she was willing to embrace it.
For that moment in time, Wendy let go of her conservative upbringing and indulged in her sexual desires.
She masturbated until she came. Her eyes continued looking down at the people who voyeured her.
A small stream of fluids ran down her legs as she moaned. Her legs slightly trembled and she briefly closed her eyes in bliss.
When it was over, she quickly left the window and embraced me in a tight suffocating hug.
"What have I done?" she said, still breathing deep. "I've never felt like that before."
Her legs squirmed, showing that she was still horny.
At that moment, I desperately wanted to have sex with her. But I couldn't. Not according to Juliet's clear instructions for us.
***
It was 8 pm that night. The three of us already had dinner together and Wendy gave Juliet all of the juicy details. There was an undeniable tension in the air.
Things became more interesting when Juliet revealed other fantasies on her sexual bucket list. She seemed shy about admitting her secret fantasies. Wendy looked surprised hearing her best friend's revelations.
Who wouldn't be? A few weeks ago, Juliet was a normal everyday person, just like my wife. But slowly, things had been changing. Wendy & Juliet were both blossoming with their sexual identities. And the three of us were excited to see where things would lead.
The third step of the process was about to begin.
I went back to the hotel room as instructed. I moved the cushioned seat in front of the window, as instructed. Then I turned the lights off, as instructed. Turning off the lights would allow me to see the pool area more clearly, since there would be no glare on the window.
Then I sat down and waited. I had a perfect view of the pool area.
Wendy and Juliet had snuck into the closed pool area. There were some lights on. No one else was there. It was just the two of them, best friends, and they were about to become much closer than ever before.
My wife stood stiffly as Juliet got naked. Each article of her clothing were removed and tossed to the ground.
Juliet then undressed my wife in the same manner. It was surreal to watch. A naked Juliet undressed my wife as if Wendy was a doll. It wasn't long until they were both naked in front of each other.
They both looked nervous, which made the sight so intriguing to watch. Juliet stood face-to-face with my wife. She touched my wife's body and then they embraced.
Their arms wrapped around each other. The tips of their breasts touched as they came closer. Then their lips touched. It was a soft kiss. Juliet was clearly the aggressor.
Even from the short distance, I could see Juliet's mouth open, using her tongue to pry into Wendy's mouth. At first, Wendy's lips were clenched tight. But once again, she relented. Wendy opened her mouth and allowed her best friend to put her tongue in. It was officially a shared wet kiss.
And it was officially my wife's first lesbian experience.
Juliet continued kissing with passion, while Wendy struggled to keep up. It wasn't long before Wendy stuck her tongue out as well. The kiss they shared became passionate and lustful. It was as though that kiss was a product of their many years of being close friends. They had always been emotionally intimate, now they were making it physical.
The kiss ended and they stared in each others eyes for a moment. There must have been a feeling of disbelief between them. They shared a look which said, 'Did we really just do that?'
And they had. It wasn't a dream or fantasy. It actually happened. They actually kissed while naked. And it happened in a pool area where anyone passing by could see them.
When it finally sunk in between them, Juliet took Wendy by the hand and had her sit on the lounge chair. Legs spread.
Wendy put her feet in the air while Juliet got between her legs.
There was no more feeling out process or hesitation. Juliet went straight at it. The moment Juliet's mouth touched my wife's pussy, Wendy's legs shook.
As Juliet had previously explained, lesbianism was a longtime fantasy of hers. It was something she had masturbated to since college. Now, as a grown and respectable adult, she was finally getting a chance to experience it- and with my wife of all people.
I wondered if Wendy had the same fantasy to. Especially since many women admit to having such fantasies. Maybe she did, but she was just too ashamed to admit it because of her religious upbringing. I wondered what her super religious father would think if he knew what was happening. But of course, he would never know. No one would. It was a secret between the three of us (and whoever else may be watching).
After an unknown time, Wendy's legs began to shake. It was easy to know when she would cum. She always gave the same signs. Her body would shake and her mouth would open. Her toes curled.
Whatever Juliet did with her mouth, it worked. Wendy is an easy woman to please so it wasn't rocket science. But there was something about that lesbian experience which made Wendy orgasm a little faster. Maybe it was Wendy's fantasy after all? Or maybe women simply understood each other better. And there was that added pleasure of being exhibitionists.
After the orgasm, they switched places.
Wendy stood and Juliet laid down on the lounge chair.
Unlike Juliet, Wendy was timid getting in between her best friend's legs. There was a hesitancy, but also a curiosity. Wendy took a moment to look at her friend's pussy. I wondered what she thought about.
Then, in typical Wendy fashion, she slowly bent forward and started with kisses. She kissed all around the pussy, then she kissed the center. Her head moved up and down, which meant that she was licking.
Wendy always liked me to use my fingers during oral sex, and so she did the same thing to Juliet. Wendy used her fingers to rub the labia, then she pushed her fingers inside, which caused Juliet's back to arch.
After several moments, Juliet finally reached an orgasm.
She sat upright after the orgasm and kissed my wife full on the lips, and they tasted each others vaginal fluids. Unlike before, it was a much more natural kiss. Then it ended, and they quickly got their clothes and dressed before anyone could catch them in the sexually compromising position.
***
The fourth step of the process was on the beach.
I waited at the designated spot. There was plenty of outdoor activity several yards away. Live music played. People had drinks. People had fun.
But I stood in a fairly dark area of the beach, where there was privacy. It was a little dark and there were bushes to hide behind.
Wendy & Juliet came to me, both holding hands, with their clothes back on. There were sly smiles on their faces after what they had just done with each other. Both of them had a post-orgasmic glow. It was an incredibly arousing sight to see them that way.
"Enjoy the show?" Juliet asked.
I told them I did. Juliet said I was a very lucky man because of how nice Wendy tasted. I had to agree.
"Today has been a whirlwind," Wendy said. "I can't thank you both enough."
Juliet reminded her best friend that the day wasn't over yet. There was still another thing to be done. Wendy simply blushed.
With that, Juliet took Wendy by the hand again, and they both got down on their knees together.
Juliet undid my pants and freed my erection. Then she put it in her mouth.
It was such an arousing sight to see Juliet with my cock in her mouth. And it felt unbelievable (of course). But the sight I was most interested in was seeing Wendy's reaction. She looked surprised, and aroused again. It was like she couldn't believe that she was seeing her best friend suck cock before her very eyes- and my cock at that.
There was a look of total disbelief on Wendy's face. Juliet must have sensed it, and she looked at Wendy with my cock still in her mouth. She winked at my shocked wife. Then she spit my cock out, held it in her hand, and pointed it at Wendy's direction.
It was Wendy's turn. And Wendy's natural reaction was to look around the beach to make sure that no one could have possibly seen. That's the kind of woman that Wendy was. She was a worrier. Someone extremely protective of her hard earned reputation of being a 'good girl.'
That's why it was so exciting when Wendy leaned forward to take my cock in her mouth. She gave me oral sex like she normally did, with the same loving technique, but with a little more enthusiasm. She orally made love to my cock.
It was her fourth exhibitionist moment that day; getting topless on the beach, masturbating in front of the window, having lesbian sex with her best friend, and now sucking my cock on the beach.
She moaned at the excitement. When her hair was rustled by the wind, Juliet immediately tucked Wendy's hair back. Like always, the best friends worked together in an effortless manner. It was natural that they would help each other with everything, and now that included giving oral sex.
They took turns sucking cock on the beach. Juliet never bothered to look around to make sure no one saw. She didn't care (or maybe she secretly wanted to be watched?).
On the other hand, Wendy kept her eyes a few yards down, towards the direction of the beach party. Even as she sucked cock, her eyes glanced down the beach. There was a nervous look in her eyes. But her eyes were also filled with undeniable lust as she sucked. She breathed harder and sucked with more enthusiasm. I had never seen my wife in such a sexually flustered mood before.
It wasn't much longer before I came.
The best friends touched their tongues together, as Juliet had instructed, then I came on their tongues. After the day's events, I came a fairly large load. Their tongues were a mess. When the cum stopped coming out, they kissed, swapping my cum. It was a passionate and lustful kiss.
I reached down and fingered my wife's pussy. Juliet joined in, and we rubbed Wendy's pussy together. I put two fingers inside my wife's pussy. And Juliet played with my wife's clit. It made my wife moan loudly during the lesbian kiss she shared with her best friend.
My wife reached forward and fingered her best friend's clit, and it was Juliet's turn to moan, as they still continued kissing with traces of my cum still in their hot mouths.
Juliet was right. It was a vacation we would never forget.
***
In the months that followed, Wendy wasn't exactly the same person anymore.
Sure, she was still the prim & proper woman that people adored. But that was her public persona at the university or at community events.
In private, she became much more open with her body. In our bedroom, she was naked a lot more often. She liked being watched. Sometimes she would sunbath in our backyard with her bikini on (something she had never done before).
But there was still that itch Wendy had inside of her. The itch to be seen. The need to be seen. Wendy had become a full fledged exhibitionist. It was something that needed to be cultivated and explored. And we did just that.
We mainly turned to the internet. I posted her nude pictures on different websites, including Literotica. Face blurred, of course. She would have been mortified if anyone ever found out.
Some of the pictures were tame. Pictures of her breasts or bottom. Others were more hardcore, showing the inside of her pussy, or us having sex.
As the online views grew, she openly wondered if any of her friends, family, or students had seen the pictures. She enjoyed having her naked picture taken while doing mundane things, like brushing her teeth, using the internet, or grading papers. Then she would always make the same comment, 'My gosh, this is terrible, my reputation could be ruined.'
But of course, she never worried for long. She had other things on her mind. Each time a set of her nude pictures were taken, or if the images were posted online, she would need hot sex afterwards. The aggressive kind.
Wendy became the exhibitionist wife. And we loved it.
The End
Your votes & comments are appreciated.