Her name was Katie Lynn; most versions of the story agreed on that. Where she lived, when she was born, and the minute details of her stories vary from one storyteller to another. She was the subject of locker room tales, bar room boasts, and lewd antidotes shared at gatherings where ladies were out of earshot. Some men claimed to have known her personally, but usually, it was a friend of a friend to have witnessed the events of the story, who had then passed the tale on to others to enjoy.
By most accounts, Katie Lynn was blonde, both in hair color and in personality. She was a tall, tight-bottomed, 36-24-36 bombshell with legs for days by most accounts, though some storytellers suggest her breasts were bigger. She was an ingenue, otherwise known as a girl with minimal sophistication but a heart of gold. She was the type of girl who would give a friend the shirt off her back, and if the tales were true, she often did. That was the crutch of all of her stories. Katie Lynn was a girl who by her own fault or not, was always shedding her clothes.
Some claim she craved the attention she gained from her nude adventures, others claimed she was far too naive to even be aware of the titillation her body caused men. Some even claimed Katie Lynn was a gift from the gods, a present to human men, particularly those men unlucky enough to have never had the privilege of seeing a girl of Katie Lynn's beauty without clothing.
In any case, nudity was always the central theme of every Katie Lynn story. How and why her clothing came off was at the whim of the storyteller, but the consistent feature of every story was a cute babe making an unfortunate mistake, leaving her stark naked with at least one unintended witness- usually a man.
What follows here are six of Katie Lynn's most prolific embarrassments. These tales have been passed on for many years, some silly, some sexy, but all are told in good fun. They are compiled here in an order that best reflects a sense of chronology, but Katie Lynn stories are not intended to feature any form of arcing story. Each of these chapters should be able to stand on its own as a tale featuring a few laughs, a few lessons, and always a very embarrassed naked girl.
1) The Laundromat
Katie Lynn entered the laundromat on a Saturday afternoon with a bright smile across her face. She had her purse around her shoulder and a basket of laundry against her hip as she made her way through the facility searching for an available machine. She caught the eye of several laundry patrons, whose eyes wandered down from her shoulder-length blonde hair to her curvy young body.
She wore a tight green dress, which stopped at about mid-thigh displaying her shapely legs. The day manager, Johnny O'Dell, tried not to stare as the young beauty walked past his desk.
When she'd chosen an available machine, Katie Lynn stared quizzically at the machine's instructions for several minutes, and appeared to be pressing some of the buttons at random.
"Excuse me?" Johnny said, having finally worked up the courage to approach her. "You seem to be having a little trouble. Is there anything I can help you with?"
"Oh!" she said with a startled laugh. "It's my first time doing laundry out on my own. I'm trying to figure out how you open the darn things!"
"You've got to insert your coins first," Johnny explained. "Slide fifty cents into the slot, and the door will pop right open."
"Is THAT what you do?" Katie Lynn said in surprise. "Well let me try that!"
She gleefully drew two quarters from her purse and slipped them into the coin slot. To her delight, the washing machine door opened with a twist of the knob.
"Thanks so much!" she said.
"No problem!" Johnny said. He turned around, and stopped. "Hey, do you go to Blessed Saints Academy?"
"I just started there! I'm hoping to move into the campus dorms next semester!" She brushed her fingers through her hair.
"I thought you looked familiar. I'm Johnny O'Dell. I think we've got a few classes together."
Katie Lynn winced, and cocked her head.
"You DO look familiar! It's so nice to meet you, Johnny!"
She shook his hand.
"Well, I think I've got it from here. Thanks!" she said.
"Sure, I'll be at the desk if you need any more help," Johnny said.
Johnny sat back down at his desk and discretely watched the attractive blonde fill the washer with her clothes. When her basket was emptied, she peered around inquisitively for a minute, before approaching the desk.
"One more question," she began with an embarrassed laugh. "Where is the soap?"
"Oh, usually guests bring their own. But if you didn't bring any, we sell it here."
"Gosh, I'm such a dope. All right, I'll buy a pack."
She took some money out of her purse and bought a three-pack of detergent pods.
"Sorry, I'd spot you, but my dad is a real hard-nose about this," Johnny said.
"I understand. My dad is pretty strict too!"
Katie Lynn took the laundry pods and carried them back to her washer. She stared inside for a half minute, and returned to the desk.
"Last question, I promise!" she said.
"It's no trouble!" Johnny said.
"Where do you put the soap?" she asked.
"This kind you can just throw in there with your clothes. That's it!"
"That's what I thought! I just wanted to be sure! Thank you so much! I won't bother you again!"
"It's no trouble! Really!" he assured her.
He stole a quick glance at her butt as she scurried back to her machine, and tossed the laundry pod inside. After shutting the door, and adjusting the settings, a light above the washer switched on and the machine began to whir. As the laundry cycle commenced, Katie Lynn peered at the instructions above the washer. Confused, she read them again.
She finally shrugged and sat down on one of the benches, crossed her legs, and took out a book to read.
She sat for the next half hour, looking up every few minutes to glance at the light on the washer to confirm it was still lit. Johnny glanced up at her every minute, hoping she might return the the front desk to ask him another question. So far, she seemed entranced by her book.
After the cycle finished, the light switched off, and Katie Lynn set her book aside. Johnny was in the midst of helping another customer when he heard some laughter coming from the far end of the laundromat. A few gasps followed, when Johnny spotted what was causing the commotion among the laundromat customers.
Katie Lynn was standing in front of her washer completely naked.
He green dress, bra, and panties lay on the nearby bench, while Katie Lynn stared at the unmoving washer, confused.
Cautiously, Johnny approached the nude blonde, and stopped several feet away as soon as he had her attention.
"Um, Katie Lynn? Is everything... all right?"
She turned to look at him. He nearly flinched at the sight of her large naked breasts as she turned to him.
"I'm just so CONFUSED!" she said with frustration. "The instructions said to remove your clothes when the light goes out. I did, and nothing's happening!"
The laundromat erupted in laughter. Katie Lynn looked around at the laughing customers around her, and grew even more puzzled.
Johnny bit his lip trying to suppress laughter of his own and said, "Katie Lynn, you're supposed to remove your clothes from thewashing machine. Not your..." he bit down on his tongue to keep his voice from breaking into laughter, "not the clothes on yourbody!"
Realization hit Katie Lynn like a truck.
"Oh my GOSH! I'm so... I'm so STUPID!"
The laundromat customers laughed even louder as the nude blonde's face went beet red, and she frantically put her clothes back on.

2) The Blind Man

Sister Mary Margaret set two buckets of paint onto the hard wooden floor with an angry thud. She glared at the two girls in front of her. Katie Lynn and her best friend, Tammy Sue, meekly looked back at the fuming nun.
"We're sorry, Sister Mary Margaret," Katie Lynn said.
"You have six hours to get this room painted. If you're not finished when I return, you'll be back next Saturday to to finish the job. I don't care how long it takes."
Katie Lynn and Tammy Sue slunk their heads. They weren't the only two girls to use profane language in the halls of Blessed Saints Academy, but they were among the few who'd been caught. It was Tammy Sue who had referred to one of her teachers as the b-word, and while Katie Lynn hadn't used any profanity herself, she hadn't disagreed. Their conversation had been overheard by none other than Headmaster Matheson. He'd been coming up the stairwell as the two gossiping girls were on their way down and he'd given them both a detention on the spot.
Now was the day of their punishment. The two coeds were instructed to paint the interior of the newly renovated counselor's office. A rotten way to spend a Saturday afternoon.
"And you'd better not get any paint on your uniforms!" the sister said as she stormed out of the office. "The cleaning bill will come out of your tuition! Not one drop!"
The nun slammed the office door and the girls listened as she trotted away.
"Crabby old bat!" Tammy Sue taunted. "I'm not sorry at all."
Katie Lynn scanned the entire room hopelessly.
"How are we going to keep paint from getting on our uniforms? She didn't even give us smocks!" the blonde bemoaned.
Tammy Sue grinned.
"Maybe... we should take them off?" the giggling brunette suggested.
"Take them off? And paintnaked?"
"Why not? Sister Mary Margaret won't be back for six hours. We'll just lock the doors in case any delivery guys come by."
Katie Lynn thought about this.
"Well, it will be awfully hard to keep our uniforms clean..."
"Exactly!" Tammy Sue began unbuttoning her dress shirt.
Feeling comfortable knowing it would be just the two girls in there the entire day, Katie Lynn slipped out of her uniform as well. Once they had removed their uniforms as well as their undergarments, the girls took up the provided brushes and began painting the newly installed drywall in the nude.
Painting was tedious work, but the joking between them and the knowledge that their naughty choice of dress would not be approved of made the ordeal far less wearisome.
"So, I heard Johnny O'Dell likes you!" Tammy Sue teased.
"Does he really?" Katie Lynn asked.
"Iheard, he's planning to ask you to the Spring Fling!" She swirled her brush around in circles on the wall.
"Who told you that?"
"Doesn't matter. If he asks you, will you say yes?"
Katie Lynn looked at the floor.
"Maybe."
"By maybe, you meanyes?" Tammy Lynn asked, excitedly.
"I mean maybe!" Katie Lynn declared.
They continued giggling, and managed to do a little painting as well in between their joking and gossiping for the next two hours. Katie Lynn was in the midst of putting the finishing touches on a door frame when Tammy Sue sneaked up behind her and tapped her paint brush onto the blonde's naked rear end.
"You're it!" Tammy Sue squealed, and ran away.
"Hey!" Katie Lynn yelped. She chased after her friend, following her into the neighboring room, and tapped her brush onto the brunette's backside. "You'reit!"
Tammy Sue shrieked loudly.
"No,you'reit!" She lightly slapped her brush across the side of Katie Lynn's left breast.
"You're gonna get it now!" Katie Lynn hollered, and scampered after her fleeing friend.
The two naked girls took turns tagging each other with their paint brushes and batting around each other's breasts until their tits had more paint on them than the walls. When their youthful exuberance had finally calmed, the coeds looked at each other's paint-splattered bodies.
"We should really clean up," Katie Lynn said.
"There's a sink in the back," her friend said.
Katie Lynn soaked a paper towel in water and wiped the paint from her body. After she was mostly cleaned, she handed the roll of towels to Tammy Sue, when she heard a knock at the door.
The two girls stared at each other in fear.
"Go see who it is!" Tammy Sue whispered.
Being as Katie Lynn was the cleaner of the two girls, she grabbed her uniform and carried it to the doorway.
"Who is it?" she called out, placing her clothes on the floor and searching for her undergarments.
"Blind man!" a voice behind the door said.
Katie Lynn stopped. The man knocked again.
"Hello?" he called out.
Katie Lynn peeked out the window and saw a man wearing sunglasses holding a package.
"Who is it?" Tammy Sue shouted, wiping a paper towel between her breasts.
"A blind man," Katie Lynn said. "Well, no need to keep him waiting if he can'tseeus."
Katie Lynn left her clothes on the floor, and opened the door, wearing nothing but faint steaks of paint across her nude body.
"Wow!" the man said, lowering his sunglasses.
"You're not blind!" Katie Lynn said angrily.
"Thank God," the man said. "You got great tits. So, where do you want these blinds?"
3) The Dare
"Truth," Tammy Sue said.
The pajama-clad coeds squealed and huddled around to hear a revelation about their friend.
"If you had to make out with someone here, who would it be?" Amy Jo asked.
"Hmmm," Tammy Sue said, tapping her chin. She looked at the six young ladies seated around her. They were sprawled on the floor of Amy Jo's apartment living room. It was well past midnight, but the girls expected to be awake for most of the night.
"I'd pick... Katie Lynn!"
The girls squealed and Katie Lynn blushed. Once again, she'd been made the center of attention at the party, and it wasn't even her turn. She'd already been teased mercilessly when she'd confessed to have never had sex.
Tammy Sue grabbed the bottle of Malibu and spun it upon the plate on the floor. When it came to a stop, the mouth of the bottle faced Carrie Anne.
"It's Carrie Anne!" Tammy Sue declared. "Truth, Dare, Double Dare, Promise, or Repeat?"
The pig-tailed brunette pondered her options.
"I pick... Repeat!" she said.
Tammy Sue laughed to herself, and sat directly in front of her friend, so the girls were face-to-face.
"Okay, Repeat after me. I..."
"I..." Carrie Anne repeated.
"Want..." Tammy Sue continued.
"Want..."
"To lick..."
Carrie Anne's face broke in to a smile, but her resolve did not waver.
"To lick..." she repeated.
"I want to lick an old man's butt," Tammy Sue blurted out.
"I want to lick an old-" Carrie Anne burst into laughter before she could finish her sentence. The other girls rolled onto their sides laughing hysterically.
"You lose! Take a drink!" Tammy Sue said. She handed Carrie Anne the Malibu bottle and the giggling coed took a swig. She winced. She was not used to drinking alcohol. She placed the bottle back onto the plate and gave it a spin. It stopped when the mouth was aimed at Molly Kate.
"Bring it on, girls! I'm not scared!" Molly Kate said, leaning back and stretching her legs confidently.
"Truth, Dare, Double Dare, Promise, or Repeat?" Tammy Sue asked.
The devil danced in Molly Kate's eyes as she answered with a definitive, "Dare."
"Dare?" Mary Lou exclaimed. "You haven't had a drink all evening! Hey, Tammy Sue, come up with a Dare Molly Kate won't do!"
The other girls agreed with Mary Lou, and urged Tammy Sue to comply.
"A Dare Molly Kate won't do?" Tammy Sue said, rubbing her palms together. "How about this: I Dare you to walk outside in just your bra and panties, and run across the street!"
Molly Kate arched her eyebrows.
"Is that the best you can do?"
The girls squealed even louder as Molly Kate climbed to her feet and wriggled out of her pink jammies.
"Wooo!" Tammy Sue cheered upon seeing the sexy sorority girl in her undergarments.
Molly Kate hurried to the door, and without a second of hesitation, walked outside into the hallway. The other girls ran to the window to watch down below.
Molly Kate did not disappoint. Only a minute later, she emerged from the front entrance of the apartment building, still clad in nothing but her underwear. She glanced up at the window and blew a kiss to her friends.
"Here I go!" she called.
The girls cheered her on as the scantily-clad girl pranced down the sidewalk and scurried across the street. She tapped a stop sign with her hand and hurried back. To her good fortune, no cars had driven by. Katie Lynn cringed at the thought that someone might see poor Molly Kate in her unmentionables and embarrass the poor girl.
Molly Kate was positively glowing when she returned to the apartment. She had a big smile and didn't even put her pajamas back on. Instead, she plopped her butt down upon the carpet and gave the bottle a spin.
Around and around the bottle spun, as did Katie Lynn's head, being as she'd had to take a few drinks from it to avoid the awful Dares her friends had put her up to.
When the bottle finally stopped, the bottle aimed at her once again.
"All right, Katie Lynn!" Molly Kate cheered. "Truth, Dare, Double Dare, Promise or Repeat?"
Katie Lynn weighed her options. She's already decided that Dares were out of the question. She did not want to reveal any more embarrassing secrets either, after being humiliated when she confessed her lack of sexual experience, and she declined to answer when Amy Jo demanded to know if she held a torch for Johnny O'Dell. She ended up having to take a drink for not answering, and the girls all knew she'd been crushing on him anyway.
She finally answered, "Promise."
"Promise, okay, what can we make Katie Lynn promise?" Molly Kate asked. "How about, I want you to Promise that you'll lose your virginity before graduation?"
"Woooo!" the girls cheered.
"But, my parents--"
"Promise! Promise! Promise!" the girls chanted.
"Okay, okay, I Promise!" Katie Lynn said.
The girls cheered loudly.
"All right, Johnny O'Dell is getting lucky!" Amy Jo teased.
"He might not!" Katie Lynn protested.
The girls laughed. Katie Lynn folded her arms and sulked.
"Spin again!" Tammy Sue said.
Katie Lynn spun the bottle, and as luck would have it, it aimed at her again.
"Promise," she said without hesitation.
"Promise again?" Molly Kate said, mockingly. "Okay I want you to Promise that if the bottle chooses you again, you'll choose Double Dare. And that you'll actually do the dare this time!"
"Oh no..." Katie Lynn said, burying her face in her hands. "Okay, okay, I Promise."
"Yaaaaay!" the girls squealed in approval.
Katie Lynn spun the bottle again. She crossed both of her fingers and prayed, and to her fortune, the bottle stopped on Lily Jane.
"Okay! Lily Jane! Truth, Dare, Double Dare, Promise or Repeat?" Katie Lynn asked.
"Truth," the saucy redhead said coolly.
"Okay, um, how many boys have you kissed?" Katie Lynn asked.
Lily Jane shrugged.
"I have no idea. I lost count."
"Really?" Katie Lynn asked, surprised.
"That's the Truth."
The other girls were convinced. Feeling foolish, Katie Lynn sat back.
Lily Jane spun the bottle, and it stopped on Amy Jo. Lily Jane smiled.
"Truth," Amy Jo said.
Lily Jane leaned towards the party host.
"The Truth," Lily Jane said. "Tell me the names of every guy you've slept with, in order of penis size."
The girls shrieked loudly. Amy Jo bit her lip and began silently counting on her fingers while looking up at the ceiling.
"Okay, smallest to largest," Amy Jo began, her thoughts in order.
The other girls, Katie Lynn included, leaned in closely.
"Roy Davis... Mike Beavers.... Dalton Miller.... Jeremy McCullough..... Steve Williams."
The girls giggled.
"Jason Hicks," she continued, and the girls laughed at the sudden addition. "Shawn Wells."
She took a breath.
"And Robbie O'Rourke."
The girls burst out laughing.
"And that's in order?" Lily Jane clarified.
"That is ABSOLUTELY in order. Especially that last one, if you catch my drift."
The girls howled so loudly, the neighbor pounded on the wall.
Amy Jo gave a satisfied smile, and spun the bottle again. Around it went, until it finally stopped upon Katie Lynn once again.
"Hey! You did that on purpose!" Katie Lynn accused.
"Yeah, I'm just that good," Amy Jo boasted. "So what's it gonna be? Truth, Dare, Double Dare, Promise or Repeat?"
Katie Lynn stared at the floor.
"Repeat," she said.
"Okay, I'll Repeat what I said before, that you made a Promise to pick Double Dare the next time your turn came up," Molly Kate said.
"Okay, okay, Double Dare!" Katie Lynn said. Thunder clapped in the distance.
"Okay, who's got a good Double Dare that Katie Lynn HAS to do?" Amy Jo asked.
"I've got one!" Molly Kate said. She went to Amy Jo's side and whispered into her ear. Amy Jo burst out laughing. Katie Lynn gulped.
"Okay, Katie Lynn! I Double Dare you to run all the way to the end of the BLOCK, totally naked!"
Katie Lynn gasped.
"Naked?No way!" she protested.
"Yes! You Promised!" Amy Jo said.
"Oh my God!" Katie Lynn buried her face in her hands. "What if someone sees me?"
It was a valid fear, given Katie Lynn's recent experiences. Rumors were already going around campus that Katie Lynn couldn't keep her clothes on in public.
"Do it! Do it! Do it! Do it!" the girls chanted.
The blonde trembled. As much as she dreaded allowing herself to be seen nude again, peer pressure was always one of her greatest weaknesses.
"All right, I'll do it!" Katie Lynn whimpered. The girls cheered.
She climbed to her feet. Shaking with anxiety, the blonde coed removed her pajamas and undergarments. The girls watched in awe, every one of them jealous of her fantastic body. They squealed as Katie Lynn slid her panties off, and her face blushed red with embarrassment.
"I guess I'll get this over with." Katie Lynn said. She crept out of the apartment and scurried down the stairs. No sooner did she open the front door that she heard another clap of thunder, and rain droplets began to drizzle upon the pavement outside. Katie Lynn retreated up the stairs into Amy Jo's apartment.
"It's RAINING!" she cried.
"You HAVE to do it! You Promised!" Molly Kate reminded her.
"But-" she couldn't muster another word when she saw the girls shaking their heads with disapproval. Katie Lynn lowered her head and headed back down the stairs, defeated. Taking pity, Tammy Sue followed her, carrying her coat with her.
"I'll be waiting right here," she assured her, holding out the coat to let Katie Lynn know that her modesty would be restored the moment she returned to the building. Katie Lynn didn't respond, but her eyes spoke the words "thank you" to her loyal friend.
The beautiful blonde wrapped her arms around her large breasts and warily opened the front door of the apartment building again, watching the rain splatter upon the ground outside. She stuck her foot out of the open door, and felt the droplets drizzle upon her lower leg. They were COLD! A shiver ran up her calf and she swiftly withdrew her foot from the outside.
"You Promised!" Molly Kate's voice echoed in her head. The girls' disapproving stares lingered in her memory. There was no more delaying. It was time to do her Double Dare.
"You got this," Tammy Sue said encouragingly. Katie Lynn nodded, feeling emboldened by her friend's support.
Checking around the apartment building to make sure no one was around this time of night to witness, Katie Lynn then pushed the door fully open, and sprinted out of the building towards the street.
She could hear cheering coming from the window above. The girls whooped and hollered as their friend scampered down the sidewalk until she reached the street.
A cold gust of wind blew past, summoning goosebumps all over the blonde's bare skin. The rain picked up, soaking her hair and body.
"Run, run, run!" Amy Jo shouted.
"Go, Katie Lynn, hurry!" Tammy Sue urged, not wanting her friend to be out in the cold rainy night any longer than necessary.
Katie Lynn took off down the empty street as fast as her long legs could carry her. The gritty asphalt was rough beneath her soles, but her pounding heart put the discomfort out of her head as she sprinted along.
She ran across Gilbert Bridge, feeling more exposed than ever as she raced up the incline beneath the tall lampposts overlooking the steel and wooden structure. By the time she reached the end of the block, the rain had come down in full force. Katie Lynn's hair was drenched, and her naked body was soaked from head to toe.
She touched the stop sign at the end of the street and hurried back, shivering as she went. She prayed that the trek back would be easier than the trip there. At least she knew how far she had to run.
She made it halfway across the bridge before she stopped dead in her tracks. A pair of headlights blinded her, forcing her to quickly step aside to make room. A guardrail prevented her from stepping off the road. There was nowhere to hide. The vehicle's occupants had already spotted her.
The car came to a halt beside her, and the passenger side window rolled down. The soaking wet coed wrapped her arms tightly across her breasts, and let her dripping hair obscure most of her face.
"Katie Lynn, is that you?" a familiar voice asked.
She looked up to see Johnny O'Dell looking at her from the car's open window. She nodded.
"Oh my God, get in, before you catch a cold!"
She wanted to refuse, but a second car was approaching the bridge, and she wanted nothing more than to be invisible. She quickly opened the rear passenger door and got into the first vehicle.
An older gentleman was in the driver's seat. He looked at Katie Lynn with a bemused expression.
"Uh, Katie Lynn, this is my dad. Dad this is Katie Lynn, from school."
"Hello Mr. O'Dell," she greeted, keeping her head low and not wanting to make eye contact with the stern-looking man. He looked at his son with a judging glance, as if to ask, "youknowthis girl?" Johnny shrugged and his father continued driving across the bridge.
"What happened to you? Are you okay?" Johnny asked the dripping wet girl.
"I'm fine, I'm fine," she assured them. She explained the game she'd been playing back at Amy Jo's apartment and directed them to take her back there.
"There's a box of towels on the seat next to you. Go ahead and take one, we've got lots," Johnny said. He explained how one of the machines at his father's laundromat had broken, and the two of them had been there for most of the night cleaning water off the floor. Katie Lynn gratefully grabbed a towel from the box and dried herself.
"You must think I'm such a fool. Running around in the rain in the nude."
Mr. O'Dell simply looked at her through the rear view mirror. Johnny was the one to speak. He began with a stammer.
"Uhh, it's just a game. I mean, we've all played it at some point." His father looked at him, and he quickly added, "well, a LOT of us have. Not all, of course."
Katie Lynn shrunk in her seat. She wrapped the towel tightly around her body, but still felt very, very naked.
"Are you the same girl who was naked in my laundromat a few weeks back?" Mr. O'Dell finally said. They were the first words he'd spoken since she'd entered his car.
She meekly nodded. He glared back at her, and burst into laughter.
"That was thefunniestthing I'd ever heard!" he howled. "The boys at the station are STILL asking for proof! Too bad we don't have cameras. Guess this will just end up an urban legend."
"Station? What station?" Katie Lynn asked, nervously.
"The fire station," Johnny replied. "My dad and I are volunteer firefighters when the laundromat isn't busy."
Katie Lynn shuddered at the thought of all those men joking and laughing at her mistake. She was sure they'd be hearing about this as well.
Mr. O'Dell brought his car to a stop outside Amy Jo's apartment building.
"I guess I'll see you at school," Johnny said.
Keeping the towel wrapped around her body, Katie Lynn stepped out of the vehicle and scurried inside the building.
4) The Mix-Up
"Here's your order!" Katie Lynn said, placing a platter of bacon-and-cheese covered potato skins upon the table in front of her.
The diners gave her confused stares.
"We didn't order any potato skins. We're still waiting on our drinks, miss," the gentleman said.
Katie Lynn looked at the order, back at the kitchen, and then back at the order.
"Oh! I'm sorry! I think I brought this to the wrong table!"
The table of gentlemen, all clad in golf shirts, snickered to themselves.
"That's why we don't come here for competent service!" one of the men muttered, chuckling.
Katie Lynn carried the platter of potato skins back to the kitchen, while the diners ogled her skin-tight shorts as she walked away. She'd been working at Bazooms for two weeks and had found the task of waitressing overwhelming to say the least.
"The guys at table 14 said they didn't order these!" Katie Lynn called, sliding the platter of potato skins through the window back to the kitchen crew.
"Because they DIDN'T! They guys at table4did!" Molly Kate whispered. Katie Lynn breathed a sigh of relief. She never would have lasted at this job as long as she did if her friend were not her coworker and able to help her out. "Here, take these over to table 4. Wait 'til you see who's there!"
Curious, the blonde waitress carried the appetizers over to table 4. To her surprise, she recognized the diners as Robbie O'Rourke and his friends. Katie Lynn had heard many rumors about Robbie and his very impressive penis size.
"Hi!" she stammered nervously. "Potato skins?"
None of the guys responded, but they each let their gaze pass across her body. She let out a light giggle and placed the starters upon their table.
"Well, um, enjoy!" she said.
"Hey, you go to Blessed Saints?" Robbie asked.
"I do!" Katie Lynn replied. "Well, I do right now. I'm hoping to transfer to Central State next semester. If they accept me. Fingers crossed!"
"Shame you might not be around here much more then. Guess I'll have to get to know you.-" he read her name tag, "Katie Lynn. I'm Robbie O'Rourke."
"Nice to meet you! You live on campus?"
"Allen Hall. I'm in room 138. You should stop by sometime," he said coolly.
"I will!"
She chatted with the leather-jacket clad boy and his friends for several minutes until her manager had to remind her that she had other customers. Blushing, Katie Lynn hurried back to the kitchen to grab the drinks for her diners at table 14.
"Saw you chatting it up with Robbie O'Rourke!" Molly Kate teased. "Did he ask for your number?"
"No! I wish..." she trailed off.
"Here, let me help you out." Molly Kate scribbled something onto a piece of receipt paper, and walked it over to table 4. She was halfway to the table before Katie Lynn realized what her friend was about to do, and was too late to stop her.
"Hey Robbie, Katie Lynn doesn't have a date to Spring Fling. Here's her number!" Molly Kate slipped the paper into Robbie's jacket pocket. He and the other guys laughed.
Katie Lynn backed away from the table as the other guys at the table all turned their gaze on her. Her face flushed red.
"Molly Kate, how could you do that! I'm SO embarrassed!" she squealed after the two waitresses had returned to the kitchen.
"Relax! I might have just gotten you a date! You DID hear what Amy Jo said about what Robbie was packing downstairs, right?"
Katie Lynn calmed somewhat.
"You think he'll call?"
Molly Kate pressed her hands to Katie Lynn's face.
"Girl, you're the hottest babe in this town. He'd be a fool if he didn't."
Despite Molly Kate's assuring words, three days passed and Katie Lynn got no call from Robbie. She sat at her desk in her dorm room, filling out her transfer application to Central State while glancing at her phone every three minutes, expecting it to ring at any moment. Out of patience, she set her pen down.
"Am I ugly?" she asked aloud.
Tammy Sue rolled over on her bed and took off her headphones.
"What?" she asked her roommate and best friend.
"Why hasn't Robbie called me?" Katie Lynn asked. "Molly Kate said he would definitely ask me to Spring Fling."
"He's probably going with Amy Jo. Why though? Don't you wanna go with Johnny O'Dell?"
Katie Lynn sighed. "Johnny's cute but..."
"But he doesn't have that-" Tammy Sue made two fists and grunted, "Mmmm!"
Katie Lynn blushed, but agreed.
"Look, you want to get a guy like Robbie to notice you, you got to do something big to get his attention," Tammy Sue said. She sat up upon her bed to face her discouraged roommate.
"Like what?" Katie Lynn asked.
Tammy Sue shrugged coyly, and reached underneath her bed. She pulled out a small Polaroid camera.
"Send him some... eye candy. A cute little picture for him to look at under the covers. Get his imagination going."
"A NAUGHTY picture? Oh, but what would my parents think if they found out?"
Tammy Sue put the camera back under her bed. "Okay. I'm sure Robbie and Amy Jo will have a great time together."
"Wait! You really think this will work? Robbie will like me if I send him a picture of me with no clothes on?"
"You know what Amy Jo had to do to get his attention, right?" Tammy Sue asked.
Katie Lynn sat, stunned. She'd had no idea. Maybe that was why only goody-two shoes boys like Johnny ever paid her any attention. She was just too well-behaved.
"Well, if you think this will work..." Katie Lynn muttered.
"That's my girl! Come on, take your top off! Let's take some sexy snaps!"
Katie Lynn pulled her blouse off, while Tammy Sue retrieved her camera from under her bed. She excitedly focused the viewfinder on her beautiful blonde roommate as she unclasped the fastener of her bra.
Tammy Sue took a few snaps of Katie Lynn's bare breasts as she posed shyly on her bed.
"Ooh, sexy!" she encouraged, making the topless model smile.
Tammy Sue shot Katie Lynn cupping her hands under her breasts and bouncing them.
"Robbie is gonna LOVE these!" Tammy Sue assured her. "Okay, take your leggings off now!"
Katie Lynn peeled off her tight gray pants and tossed them aside. Tammy Sue snapped a picture of her stretching her legs as she laid flat on her back.
"Oh, that's good! Give me a naughty smile!"
Katie Lynn mischievously grinned and reached towards the camera, beckoning it with one finger. Tammy Sue snapped one picture after another, biting her tongue with excitement.
"Now take your panties off!" the camera-welding girl urged. Katie Lynn eagerly slid off her while silk panties and posed nude on all fours. Tammy Sue photographed her from every angle, capturing her round bare bottom as well as her lust-filled face.
"Mmm, growl at me!" Tammy Sue urged. Katie Lynn playfully let out a tiger growl while shaking her tail like a feline in heat. Tammy Sue snapped away, catching the blonde beauty in all her nude glory.
"Now spread your legs. We want to give Robbie some naughty close-ups."
Katie Lynn squirmed at this, but did as her her friend instructed. Tammy Sue snapped some very intimate photos of her private parts; having her spread the thick puffy lips of her labia for a close-up, as well as some shots of her glistening clitoris and even her anus. Katie Lynn never imagined she would ever pose for such raunchy photos, but Tammy Sue's excitement seemed to have a hold on her that enticed her to play along.
Tammy Sue snapped photos of every part of Katie Lynn's beautiful bare body, and the more photos she took, the more confident the blonde coed felt showing off. She haughtily flaunted her breasts, bottom, and legs for the camera, while blowing kisses and winking to add an extra tease.
When the roll was spent, Tammy Sue spread the photos across the floor and the two young ladies sorted them into a "yes," "no," and "maybe" pile.
"Ooh this is a good one!" Tammy Sue said, holding up a sexy shot of Katie Lynn bent over her bed and winking back at the camera. Katie Lynn blushed and added the photo to the "yes" pile.
"So what should I do with these? Just give them to Robbie the next time he comes into Bazooms?"
"No, no no, you want to send these to him discretely," Tammy Sue said. "I got an envelope you can use. Just slip the pictures into the envelope. You can write a flirty message on the back of them. Like this."
Tammy Sue kissed the back of one of the Polaroids, leaving a lipstick mark on it, and wrote "hot stuff" in pink pen. Katie Lynn got the idea and scribbled messages of her own on each of the photos in the"yes" pile.
"Take me to Spring Fling?" she wrote on one. She showed it to Tammy Sue.
"I'd say you're GUARANTEED a date now!"
Katie Lynn laughed softy, and grabbed the next photo to sign.
"Here's an envelope you can use," Tammy Sue said, handing her roommate an 8 and 1/2 by 11 inch manila envelope.
"Do you have another one of those I can use for my Central State application?" Katie Lynn asked.
"Sure!" Tammy Sue handed her a second manila envelope.
Katie Lynn wrote Robbie's address on the back of one of the envelopes, and the address for Central State's application office on the other. Once she'd filled out her transfer application, she slipped it into one of the envelopes and put the sexy Polaroids into the other, and sealed them both shut. She put both envelopes into the mailbox the very next day.
A week had passed before she saw Robbie again. He came into Bazooms with his friends, and Katie Lynn begged to be assigned to his table. She strutted up to the young gentlemen, ready to take their orders.
"Hey Robbie! Did you get my package?" she blonde waitress asked flirtatiously.
Robbie chuckled at his friends and looked at her.
"Yeah, I sure did," he said.
"So..." she dug the point of her shoe into the floor. "What do you say?"
Robbie leaned back into his seat. "I'd say... sure. You're accepted!"
Robbie and the guys laughed. Katie Lynn looked at him confused. "Accepted" was such a strange word for him to use. It took her a moment before she realized what he meant.
"Oh! The dance! Of course! Well, I'll see you at Spring Fling!"
Robbie and his friends laughed again.
It was another month before Katie Lynn heard back from Central State. A plain envelope arrived in the mail and Katie Lynn tore it open.
"What's it say what's it say?" Tammy Sue asked excitedly, sitting by her side and eagerly waiting for her to open it.
Katie Lynn unfolded the the letter and read it:
"Dear Katie Lynn,
We've reviewed your application for Central State carefully. Despite the compelling case you've made, we are unfortunately not able to accept you to our university at this time. While we agree you are indeed "hot stuff" and happy you are "eager to please," a collection of x-rated photos is not sufficient reason for us to accept you at our prestigious institution.
We wish you the best of luck in your educational endeavors.
Sincerely,
Devin O'Malley
Applications Office
Central State"
5) The Tan
It was the first warm sunny day of the year and Katie Lynn was excited for the chance to finally start working on her tan. Her body had gotten quite pale over the winter months and she'd been looking forward to the chance to finally get back the healthy glow she loved so much.
The problem was finding the right place. The local beach was closed due to a contamination, and while the backyard of her parents' house got plenty of sun, Katie Lynn had problems with the neighbor boys using binoculars to spy on her.
She'd stumbled onto a solution, quite literally, a few weeks back. She'd come home from class one afternoon and hadn't been counting floors, and accidentally ended up on the roof of her dorm building. She'd noted that the rooftop was deserted, and got a fair amount of sun. It could be the perfect place to get a full body tan and not be disturbed.
Katie Lynn gathered her tanning supplies- sunglasses, lotion, a towel to lie on, water bottle, and a book to read. It was an early afternoon weekday; plenty of students were on campus, but most of them were in the student cafeteria being as it was lunch time. Only a handful of students were walking the halls outside the dorm rooms, so Katie Lynn kept watch from inside her room until they had gone. When she saw the stairwell was empty, the bikini-clad blonde quickly sneaked up to the rooftop.
The warm sunlight greeted her as soon as she slipped out through the building exit. She already felt healthier stepping into the afternoon glow and feeling the warm light on her skin. The question now was which spot to lie down to bask in the warm rays.
While the rooftop was empty, there was always the risk someone could come up here, so she didn't want to be near the doorway. She made her way around the rooftop perimeter, searching for the spot that would give her the perfect balance of sunlight and privacy.
It was on the west side of the building that she found it. They were angled black panels, not steep enough to slide off, but just slanted enough they would keep her body ideally splayed out to absorb as much sunlight as possible. Katie Lynn laid flat upon the first panel and rested her beach bag by her side.
With her sunglasses perched upon her snub nose, the young blonde covered her arms, legs, shoulders, chest, and belly with creamy lotion. When all of the exposed portions of her body were sufficiently slathered, she lay on her back and relaxed in the sunlight.
She listened to the chatter of students three floors below, pleased to be hidden from their view. It seemed there were always lookie-loos hoping to get a peek at a scantily-clad woman anywhere she went, and she had more trouble than most women at keeping her body hidden from the public eye.
After nearly twenty minutes of relaxing in the warm light, she flipped onto her belly to give her backside some attention from the warm daylight as well. Despite the faint audible chatter from students on the ground floor, it was surprisingly peaceful up here on the rooftop. The sounds of birds cawing and the wind just slightly blowing relaxed her.
It would be another two weeks until the Spring Fling, and Katie Lynn planned to wear a backless dress. This would be a much needed tan, although she hoped not to have a visible tan line.
She looked around. No one was in sight. No one knew she was up here. Katie Lynn saw no harm in dispensing with her swimwear to treat her skin to an all-over tan. Quietly, she removed both her bikini top and bottoms and tossed both pieces of swimwear into her beach bag. After applying some more sunscreen to her breasts, bottom, and private parts, Katie Lynn laid flat on her belly, and let the sun give her full back and exposed buns a nice baking.
Not two minutes passed before she heard the roof door open, and someone hurry out. Panicking, Katie Lynn grabbed her towel, and draped it across her bottom. Seconds later, her dorm residential adviser rounded the corner and spotted her.
"Katie Lynn! Katie Lynn!" he shouted. She turned her head to look at him.
"You're welcome to come up here and tan, but you HAVE to wear at least a swimsuit! Please put one on now!"
"Why? No one can see me up here!" She stared at him indignantly, wondering why he had the nerve to seek her out just to enforce some arbitrary rule.
"Uhh, Katie Lynn... you're, um... you're lying on the cafeteria skylight."
6) Spring Fling
Her sparkling red dress shimmered in the evening sun when she stepped out onto the sidewalk in front of her dorm building. Robbie O'Rourke stared hungrily at her from the driver's seat of his car. She might not have been the brightest bulb, but Katie Lynn was a babe. Robbie was glad he asked her to Spring Fling. He checked the pocket of his suit jacket to make sure his condoms were still there. They were. All 12 of them.
"Hi Robbie," she said sweetly as she approached his vehicle.
"Get in, we're gonna be late," he said.
Katie Lynn got into the passenger seat of the Camaro, and Robbie immediately sped off. He popped a cigarette in his mouth, lit it, and offered her one.
"No thanks, I don't smoke," she said, waving her palm to clear the smoke that was wafting her way. She held onto the armrest tightly as Robbie made a sharp right turn.
He screeched to a halt into a parking spot outside Griffith Hall, and got out. Katie Lynn remained seated, hoping Robbie would open her door for her, but when he simply looked back at her through the windshield and asked "you coming?" she opened the door herself and hurried after him.
Her high heels made it difficult to walk at a decent pace and Robbie already had a head start on her. He'd nearly reached the top of the steps before she'd arrived by his side, and they joined arms as they entered the building together.
The hall had been decorated with balloons and stringed lights covering the walls from ceiling to floor. A classic melody played over the speakers, while couples were already dancing to the slow beat. Robbie and Katie Lynn wrapped their arms around each other and joined the swaying couples for the remainder of the song.
"Let's go get drinks!" Katie Lynn suggested when the song ended.
"Now you're talking!" Robbie agreed.
The couple approached the refreshments table and Robbie scoffed at the assortment of soft drinks available.
"Let's liven things up a little," he suggested. He took a small flask from his jacket and emptied it into the punch bowl. He scooped a ladleful into a clear plastic glass and handed it to his date. "Try that!"
Katie Lynn took a sip from the cup, and the fumes from the spiked punch made her eyes water. When he wasn't looking, she dumped the contents of the cup into a nearby water fountain.
Katie Lynn had plenty of fun at the dance without experiencing the effects of alcohol. She met up with Tammy Sue, and later several of her other friends arrived at the dance as well.
"Hey! Where's Johnny?" Amy Jo asked, tapping her friend on the arm.
"Oh... I'm here with someone else," Katie Lynn said shyly.
"Ooh, who'd you get to be your date tonight?" Carrie Anne asked.
Katie Lynn lowered her head.
"Robbie O'Rourke," she muttered.
Her friends squealed loudly, enough to be heard by all the dance-goers even over the bass of the music playing.
"Robbie O'Rourke? Is it true what I heard about him?" Mary Lou asked, giggling.
Katie Lynn blushed. "I- don't know. We haven't, you know, done it yet..."
"You're dating Robbie O'Rourke and you haven't done it yet?" Lily Jane exclaimed. "You need to getonit, girl!"
Katie Lynn took a sip of her soda.
"Yeah, don't forget your Promise!" Molly Kate reminded her.
"Promise?" Katie Lynn asked, confused.
Molly Kate looked at her.
"Truth, Dare, Double Dare, Promise or Repeat?" she said, jogging Katie Lynn's memory.
Of course, Katie Lynn thought to herself. That stupid game.
"Katie Lynn Promised to lose her virginity before graduation!" Molly Kate exclaimed. "This goody girl was about to go home and give Robbie nothing but a peck on the cheek!"
Katie Lynn found herself scolded by five friends at once. All except for Amy Jo.
"I thought you and Johnny would have made a cute couple," she mused.
"Cause you wanted Robbie for yourself!" Lily Jane shot at her.
"I do not! Danny and I are going steady now!" Amy Jo retorted. No sooner did she speak, that her new boyfriend crept up behind her and planted a kiss on her neck. She responded by placing a kiss on his lips.
"Hey, where is Johnny? Is he here tonight?" Tammy Sue asked, looking around at the dancing students. It was difficult to recognize anybody in the dim light.
"He's working tonight," Mary Lou said. "I saw him at the laundromat today."
Katie Lynn looked around sadly. She wondered if she'd made the wrong choice. Johnny would have loved to have taken her tonight.
"Well, Katie Lynn's got a different date and she needs to get knocking boots tonight, right girls?" Molly Kate asked.
The girls hollered in agreement. Tammy Sue nudged Katie Lynn towards her date, who was chatting with a few of his buddies.
"And here she is!" Robbie said upon seeing the blonde beauty approach her. "I'm sure you've all gotten a peek at this little minx, right guys?"
They laughed. Katie Lynn blushed. She hated that she was getting a reputation around campus now. It was impossible to say how many of her classmates had now seen her nude, but the number had to be approaching a hundred if it hadn't reached it yet.
Katie Lynn was relieved when she finally got Robbie away from his friends so just the two of them could talk. A slow song came on and Robbie invited her to dance again. Robbie was a decent dancer; Katie Lynn could say that much about him, but he did have very busy hands. While she kept her arms around his shoulders, his hands, which he'd placed upon her hips at the start of their dance, were gradually drifting lower as the song continued until he was blatantly feeling her ass through the seat of her dress.
Katie Lynn didn't mind, in fact, she hated to admit it, but part of her was enjoying the way Robbie was feeling up such a private part of her body. It was simply being in a public place, with so many of her classmates around to witness, that made her anxious.
Robbie seemed to be enjoying himself; he was exchanging glances with a few of the other guys nearby. Katie Lynn looked around and saw several of Robbie's buddies all had their hands on their dates' bottoms as well. Katie Lynn felt more comfortable now. She certainly didn't want to be the only girl at the dance without a man's hands on her behind.
As she swayed her hips to the beat of the song, Robbie was not only rubbing her bottom through her dress, but grabbing it. It seemed as if he was checking to see if she was wearing any panties. She wasn't, as it happened, and Robbie was coming to realize that the more he kept feeling for a waistband or g-string to tug and finding nothing but her smooth skin on the other side of her dress.
"You wearing any panties, baby doll?" he asked.
"No," she replied sheepishly. She wasn't wearing a bra either, which was quite apparent given the generous amount of cleavage her dress was leaving exposed.
"That's kinda hot," he said. He gave her left butt cheek a firm squeeze and Katie Lynn felt a tingle between her legs.
"You want to get out of here?" he asked.
Katie Lynn nodded. Feeling his body against hers was beginning to excite her too much to bear. Together they headed out to the parking lot, where already they could see couples in their cars in the beginning stages of erotic intimacy.
Carrie Anne and her date were passionately kissing and fondling each other in the backseat of his car. Amy Jo's boyfriend Danny O'Toole was relaxed behind the wheel of his, and Katie Lynn could see the top of her friend's head in his lap, gently rising and descending while Danny closed his eyes and sighed deeply. Molly Kate was straddling her date between her thighs and bouncing up and down vigorously, with both of her breasts bared and peeking out over the top of her dress shaking and bouncing.
"Not much privacy out here," Katie Lynn remarked.
"How about we get a room?" Robbie offered.
Katie Lynn liked that idea. The privacy of a nice hotel room would be a welcome change from the potential of being spotted undressed in the parking lot.
Robbie opened the passenger side door of his Camaro and grabbed what appeared to be a second flask he'd had with him that evening from the glove compartment. He took a swig and offered it to Katie Lynn. Not wanting to be rude, she took a swig.
It was strong. Very strong. Her eyes watered and her mouth burned, and she handed the flask back to him.
Robbie led her back into the hall, and asked the front desk girl for a room for the evening. She gave them keys to a suite on the fifth floor. Robbie and Katie Lynn took the elevator up and excitedly scurried towards their room.
The suite was luxuriously splendid. The plush carpeting ensconced her bare feet as soon as she slipped out of her heels. Robbie grabbed her arms and kissed her firmly on the lips. She returned the kiss, and let him pull the straps of her dress from her shoulders as his tongue slipped into her mouth.
They kissed slowly and passionately, letting their tongues caress each other in the space between their mouths. Robbie tugged on the straps of her tight dress, struggling to pull it down over her large bust. With a few firm tugs, the dress slipped down and both of her breasts popped out into view. Robbie smiled and placed his hands on the sizable mounds and squeezed them while he kissed her.
Katie Lynn placed her hands on his face and returned the kiss, letting him feel up her large breasts as she did. She liked that he enjoyed her body, and wanted to share more of it with him. Robbie seemed to want that too, and he took time to kiss both of her breasts; sucking her nipples and licking her cleavage. She sighed deeply.
He tugged her dress down, over the curve of her hips so that it tumbled down to the floor leaving her fully nude. Her heart raced. It was not the first time in her life she'd been naked in front of a man, but it was the first time she'd been naked in front of a man intentionally.
He pulled her close to him; placing his hands on her bare ass and squeezing her cheeks firmly. She could feel his erect penis poking her through front of his pants. It frightened and excited her. She'd never gotten a good look at a penis before. She wondered how Robbie's would look, and how it would feel when he put it inside her.
He rubbed her buttocks firmly, kneading the muscles in his hands while he spread them apart and shook them briskly. There was a mirror behind her, and Katie Lynn realized that Robbie was staring at her ass in the reflection trying to make her butt hole wink. He laughed when it did.
"You got a nice ass, baby," he said.
"Thank you, Robbie," she said softly.
"Great tits, too," he added. He gave her another long, wet tongue kiss on each of her nipples. Katie Lynn moaned.
Robbie began to remove his jacket; he struggled for a moment so Katie Lynn moved to help him. She accidentally knocked the flask from his hand, which he'd opened and was about to take a swig.
"God damn it," he cursed. The flask fell to the floor and spilled across Katie Lynn's dress.
"Ooh, sorry!" she said.
He looked at the spilled bottle and scowled.
"You're buying me another when we get out of here."
"Hey, let's not let this ruin a nice evening," she said sweetly. She kissed him softly on the lips. Robbie forgot about the liquor and continued kissing and fondling her. His hands roamed all over her body, squeezing her breasts, butt cheeks, and sides.
"Mmm, you want to make love to me, baby?" she asked.
He reached between her legs and tugged on her labia. He could feel the wetness on his fingers.
"Yeah," he grunted. He gave her butt a good slap when she turned around.
She sat down onto the bed. Robbie grabbed her legs and spread them apart. As she did, she caught sight of the door.
"Robbie! The door is still open!"
She was surprised that she hadn't noticed before, but Robbie had had his hands and mouth all over her body the moment they'd entered the suite, so she'd been too distracted.
"There ain't nobody on this floor," he said assuredly. He unzipped his pants and Katie Lynn's attention was immediately pulled away from the door to the large staff reaching out from between his legs. She stared in awe.
Amy Jo wasn't lying about Robbie's penis. While she'd seen very few in her lifetime, Robbie's was longer and thicker than she'd imagined a man's organ could be. Her privates tingled at the thought of him pushing it inside her.
He reached for a condom from his jacket pocket, and carefully unrolled the prophylactic down his member. Katie Lynn swallowed and braced herself.
Despite its large size, Robbie's penis slid inside her easier than she'd expected. She let out a moan as he slid his erect phallus back and forth, tantalizing the inner walls of her vagina.
He grunted loudly. She felt her vagina grow wetter the more he pumped back and forth inside her. He grabbed her thighs and held them tightly as he thrust his pelvis back and forth. Her body squirmed on the bed in pleasure as Robbie stood at the bedside, keeping a firm grip on her to ensure she did not squirm too far away. He placed her legs up upon his shoulders, and from that angle, he was able to penetrate her deeper.
She shut her eyes tightly to bask in the erotic pleasure of the moment, and almost didn't hear the sound of the door shutting. She opened her eyes only to see that her ears had not deceived her. The room door was now closed.
"Robbie! Someone shut the door!" she whispered.
"Don't worry about it, baby." He continued pumping his penis inside her.
She put the embarrassment out of her mind, as she had had to do many times in the past. What was done was done- that was a philosophy she'd come to adopt in recent years. With the door closed, she no longer needed to worry about anyadditionalembarrassment, at the very least.
"Turn over, baby," he ordered. He withdrew, and Katie Lynn turned onto her belly and got up on all fours. Robbie grabbed her hips and began having sex with her doggy style. It wasn't the most dignified sexual position, but Katie Lynn was used to surrendering dignity. It seemed to please Robbie, so she submitted to his desires.
Robbie loved having sex with her in this position. The sight of her beautiful ass excited him like nothing else. She might not have been the most experienced girl of all of his partners, but she definitely had the nicest body.
He pumped his penis inside her for thirty good seconds before he exploded inside her. Katie Lynn moaned as she felt the tension escape Robbie's body. He pulled out and removed the condom, and then tossed the used rubber into the trash.
"Thanks, babe," he said, slapping her ass to let her know he was done with her.
Katie Lynn climbed off the bed and wobbled over to the bathroom. She felt like Robbie had cut her in half up the seam. It wasn't an entirely unpleasant feeling, but she knew she would likely be sore for a day or two.
She took a short shower, and when she was cleaned off, walked back into the bedroom to find Robbie relaxed on the bed smoking a cigarette, watching a late night talk show on the television. Katie Lynn climbed onto the bed to join him. Exhausted, the couple watched only a few minutes before drifting off to sleep.
Katie Lynn didn't know how long she'd been asleep, but the smell of smoke woke her up. She looked around her to find Robbie still sound asleep beside her. She looked at his silent sleeping body, still dressed in his suit, before she noticed the flames shooting up from over the side of the bed.
Katie Lynn gasped and crawled over him to get a better look. Her dress, still on the floor and soaked with his potent whiskey, was burning. Robbie's cigarette had appeared to have fallen from his fingertips and had ignited the spilled liquor where it had fallen.
"Robbie, wake up!" she urged, shaking him. He snorted, and stared at her grumpily. "Robbie, the floor! It's on fire!"
Robbie looked at the burning dress. The flames has already spread to the wall.
"Oh shit!" he shouted, leaping off the bed. He ran to the bathroom to grab a towel. Quickly, he beat at the fire, but had only succeeded in fanning the flames and making the fire spread.
"Call 911!" he shouted.
Katie Lynn quickly grabbed the room phone and dialed the police. Stammering over her words, she gave the dispatcher the name of the hotel and their suite number. The smoke alarm screeched, drowning out her words.
"I'm sorry ma'am, can you repeat that?" the dispatcher said.
Katie Lynn repeated the hotel name and room number.
"Oh my God, it's spreading up the walls!" she shouted.
"Ma'am you need to get out of the room now!" the dispatcher instructed.
Katie Lynn lowered the phone, only to see the fire had engulfed the door. The door's handle would be scalding hot.
"Robbie, we're trapped!" she shouted.
Robbie continued to beat at the flames with the bath towels, only to have them catch fire in his attempt.
"Are there any more bath towels?" he asked frantically.
Katie Lynn ran to the bathroom and grabbed the only towel she could find.
"Last one!" she said, handing it to him.
Robbie looked at the towel and wrapped it tightly around his hand. Quickly, he grabbed the door handle with his cloth-bound hand and twisted it. With a strong effort, the door opened, and Robbie stumbled out, dropping the towel in the fire in the process. He screamed and scrambled out of the hotel suite.
"Robbie! Robbie, don't leave me!" she yelled.
Robbie ignored her and ran. She saw him sprint down the hallway with his suit jacket ablaze. The fire spread into the hallway, and reached the ceiling of the hotel suite.
"Oh my God!" Katie Lynn yelled. She considered following him, but the fire had completely encircled the door frame. The sight of Robbie running off with his suit jacket on fire did not bode well for her bare skin. There was nothing, not even a towel in the room, that Katie Lynn could use as clothing. Even the bedspread had begun to catch fire.
She ran to the window and pounded both fists against the glass. "Help! Help! I'm trapped in here, there's a fire!"
She couldn't tell if anyone could see or hear her. She could see people on the sidewalk five stories below looking up at the building. Off in the distance, she heard a siren. Katie Lynn frantically waved her arms to get anyone's attention. A person on the ground pointed to her. Katie Lynn breathed a sigh of relief, though her relief faded quickly when she felt the heat against her back grow stronger. Flames leaped up from the bedspread and scorched the ceiling.
"Help! Somebody please help me!" she screamed again, and pounded on the window even harder. Seconds ticked by while she waited in terror.
After what seemed like an eternity, a fire engine roared down the street and came to a halt in front of the hotel. Katie Lynn could see several firefighters hopping off of the red vehicle and scurrying into the building. She prayed that they would be able to find her up here.
"Ouch!" she screeched, as she stepped on a burning ember. The bottom of her foot was scorched. The available space in the room for her to stay away from the flames was growing limited, as was the air to breathe. Katie Lynn retreated into the bathroom and shut the door.
"Please, please, find me up here," she whispered to herself. She cowered in the shower and prayed that the firefighters would get through the door before the fire did.
Seconds passed like minutes, and minutes passed like hours as she waited. She wondered how much time she had left before she succumbed to the smoke or burned in the inferno. Smoke spilled through the crack underneath the bathroom door and reached her nostrils, filling her with even more fear.
She jumped at the abrupt impact on the other side of the door. If it was the sound of collapsing wood, she was surely done for. But another loud bang followed, and Katie Lynn realized that the loud noise was not the harbinger of doom she'd feared. It was the sound of an ax striking the door.
Blow after blow, it struck the door until she could see the head of an ax blade smashing through the wood. A firefighter clad head-to-toe in yellow with a gas mask concealing his face kicked the remains of the splintered door aside. He held his hand out for Katie Lynn to take.
Trembling, she rose from the shower tub. She covered her naked body with her arms and stepped towards her rescuer, but the burn on her foot made it difficult to walk. Sensing her difficulty, the firefighter picked up the shaking girl and threw her over his shoulder. He held her legs tightly as he hurried through the burning hotel room, leaping over the flames until they were in the relatively flame-free hallway.
Seeing the burn on her sole, the rescuer kept the trembling coed over his shoulder as he hurried down five flights of stairs. He was met with applause when he carried the naked blonde out the front entrance of Griffith Hall.
Katie Lynn's many friends and classmates had gathered on the front steps, and were overjoyed to see her alive and well. The firefighter plopped her down upon the rear of a waiting ambulance, where he then removed his gas mask.
"You okay there?" Johnny O'Dell asked.
"Johnny!" she screamed, and threw her arms around her rescuer. He returned the embrace, being careful not to let too much soot and ash rub off on the naked girl's body.
"Let me get you a blanket," he said. He retrieved a wool blanket from the rear of ambulance and draped it around Katie Lynn's shoulders. She thanked him and wrapped it tightly around her torso.
"Katie Lynn! Katie Lynn! Are you okay?" Tammy Sue shouted, hurrying to the ambulance's side. She looked at the firefighter comforting her friend. "Johnny! You saved Katie Lynn?"
The blushing boy shrugged his shoulders. "Yeah, that's what I do. When the laundromat isn't busy."
Tammy Sue laughed and hugged the exhausted fireman.
"Well, my dad's still in there. I got to put this fire out." Johnny put his gas mask on and hurried back into the building. Tammy Sue sat by her friend's side while a medic examined the soot-laden survivor.
"Katie Lynn? Where are your clothes?" Tammy Sue asked.
Katie Lynn wrapped the blanket tighter around her body, feeling the stares of numerous spectators ogling her.
"Oh, you know. The usual."

Epilogue

Robbie O'Rourke was arrested for his role in starting the fire at Griffith Hall, and he would be eventually jailed. Although Katie Lynn visited him many times during his sentence, she also grew closer to the man who'd saved her from that fire- Johnny O'Dell.
Over the next few weeks, Katie Lynn came to appreciate Johnny's noble heart and kind soul, and soon the two fell deeply in love. Within a year, Johnny and Katie Lynn were married.
Despite being a loving and faithful wife, being married did not put an end to Katie Lynn's nude misadventures. If anything, they increased in frequency, no matter how much of an effort she put into keeping her clothes on in the presence of strangers. Somehow, in some way, through misunderstanding or plain bad luck, Katie Lynn ended up naked and embarrassed in front of men as often as the wind blew.
Johnny came to accept this about his new wife. It wasn't the most comfortable feeling knowing that every man he knew, including his own father, had seen his wife naked multiple times. But it was satisfying to know that he was the envy of most of those men. It was a worthy price to pay to have such beauty to hold for his own.
Perhaps the gods had felt that such a spectacular form as Katie Lynn's was too exquisite for just one man to enjoy, and had conspired for Katie Lynn to have many accidents so that many men and women alike could experience the sight of a breathtakingly stunning nude female body at least once in their lives.
Young virgin men who had never beheld the sight of a bare female breast could be treated to the sight of Katie Lynn's at least once in their lifetimes. Older married men who had resigned themselves to seeing no one but their wives in the nude for the rest of their days could get a peek at a young nubile girl in her birthday suit so as to remind them of the richness that life could still hold. Katie Lynn was a treat for men of all ages, married or single, widowed or divorced, and fate would see to it that this treat would be enjoyed by many.
But no matter how many got a peek at the magnificent blonde's body, it was Johnny and Johnny alone who got to enjoy her dazzling form physically in their bed that they shared, and for that, Johnny would be eternally grateful.
Katie Lynn would eventually learn to accept her continuous misfortunes as a price for her beauty. She knew that many women desired to look like her, and many men desired her, and she was grateful for that as well. Her misadventures were simply a price that fate expected her to perpetually pay for her good looks, and that would be a curse that would follow her for many years to come.