Since I'd showered last night, I arrived at the office early Thursday morning. As I stepped from the elevator, Janice wasn't at her receptionist's desk and only a few banks of ceiling lights had been turned on. I walked past several empty workstations wondering if this was normal, Harper Apparel's employees had become a nine to five group and since no one clocked in, I assumed there would be a mad rush just before nine.
After starting my computer, I had time to think. While the anticipation of fucking Mindy for the first time had caused my hopes to be elevated, I can honestly say she didn't measure up to those expectations. Staci, on the other hand was a known quality. She had demonstrated that she is an expert at the art of seduction, a sensuous lover, and at times can prove to be rather kinky. I was very sure that tonight would surpass last night by leaps and bounds.
A few minutes later the buzz of a busy office began, someone turned on the remaining lights, and the early morning greetings of fellow employees could be heard.
I was already into reading emails I'd received when someone touched my shoulder. Fran leaned down and whispered, "Good morning sexy,"
"You're late, Phillips," I sternly said.
She knew I was kidding, and after smiling said, "I am not. I had my period last week."
Fran was wearing a three-quarter-length coat that only revealed the bottom of her flowing cream-colored pleated skirt, light-colored stockings, and of course a sexy pair of high heels.
"Did you talk to Kay?" she asked.
"Coffee's on," Janice remarked as she walked past us.
I needed some time to think about how to answer her question, so I suggest, "Why don't you grab your mug and meet me in the lunchroom."
Since I already knew that Greth wasn't into the group sex thing Friday night, if I wanted to surprise Fran that our date would be just the two of us, I'd have to continue with my little white lie. On the other hand, I could tell her that our final destination was my place, and she could imagine what would happen once I locked my door. I opted for the former, hoping I could at least hold off on telling Fran the good news until Friday.
Fran stepped into the lunchroom with a smile on her lips, what I'd thought was a pleated skirt turned out to be a dress that featured a high neckline and very short sleeves. It clung to her torso tightly enhancing her tits but from the waist down the pleats spread giving the dress an altogether different look below her hips.
As she walked towards me, I remarked, "That's a lovely dress,"
"This old rag, I've had it for years," she replied.
"Well, you should wear it more often, I love the contrast in the way it looks on the top and bottom," I remarked.
Fran grinned at me and then asked, "Do you think it fits too snuggly on my chest?"
"Yes, I do, but that's just my opinion," I replied.
She moved closer to me, placed her coffee mug on the countertop, and quietly said, "If my nipples get hard, they show through this fabric."
"That's something I'd love to see," I answered.
Fran just smiled.
"I did talk to Kay, she's all in for us to visit them Friday night," I mentioned.
She grinned at me and then said, "I'm not surprised Kay is okay with you and me joining them, but what about this Mike guy?"
"Not to worry hun, Kay will convince him it'll be fun," I lied, knowing that Mike Greth had already kiboshed the idea.
She poured her coffee, and after mixing in the creamer and a spoonful of sugar Fran looked me directly in the face, "I have a question for you."
"What's that?" I replied.
"Why are you so anxious to share me with this other guy, when you could have me all to yourself?" Fran asked.
"That's a very good question, Fran," I replied.
She giggled a little then suggested, "Maybe you're worried that you won't be able to satisfy me?"
"Do I look worried? I don't recall you ever telling me that you weren't completely satisfied," I said.
"Well, it makes a girl wonder, that's all," she said as she turned and started walking away.
Normally I'd have stood there and watched her stroll, but I decided to clear up her confusion, so I followed her to her office now that she was Richman's temporary assistant.
I stepped through the doorway and closed the door behind me. "Fran, I owe you an apology, I've been lying about Friday night." I started.
She moved back toward me, stopping inches from my face. "I knew it," she remarked.
"I wanted to surprise you, but I can't have you wondering why I would be willing to have you and Kay fuck her contractor," I explained.
"Yeah, go on," she remarked.
"My surprise was going to be that instead of turning into the lot at Cambridge Arms, I'd turn left into the lot of Kurtz House," I admitted.
A broad smile came to her lips, and she leaned against me as she said, "It's just you and me?"
"Yep, apparently Mike isn't interested in a group sex party with two people he has never met," I replied.
"I told ya so if he's seeing Kay for a second date, he's not going to be interested in anyone but Kay," Fran said.
"It'll be their third date; I saw them last night hugging on her balcony," I remarked.
"Wow, she's really turning on her charms," Fran said.
"I guess so," I replied.
"Well, you can count on me doing the same Friday night, Allen," she assured me.
"Trust me, sexy, I'm looking forward to it," I replied.
Fran pressed her hips firmly against me grinding her loins into my cock. If her office had mini blinds, I would have loved to give her a quick fuck right then and there, but she just smiled and said, "We need to get to work here, lover."
She stepped back a little and I glanced down at her chest, her nipples were poking at the tight fabric of her dress, and as I turned to leave, I repositioned my semi-erect cock so it would be too obvious as I walked to my workstation.
Over the next few hours, Fran sent me some very suggestive text messages about what charms she had in store for me Friday night, each one a little raunchier than the last. I replied to each with a broad smiling emoji.
About three my cell phone rang; it was Staci returning my call from yesterday. I'd planned on calling her later in the afternoon if she hadn't called me back. I answered her call saying, "Hiya Staci, I was going to call you in a little while if I hadn't heard from you."
"Allen, I have good news and bad news," she said.
In a good vs. bad news call, the bad is always worse, and I prepared myself to hear that she was canceling our date for tonight.
"What's the bad news?" I asked.
"I have an interview with a prospective new member of Wallmeyer Associates late this afternoon. I tried to schedule them for mid-afternoon, but they have other obligations. I wanted to be home by six, but I could be delayed until eight or nine o'clock." Staci explained.
"So, we're still on for tonight?" I asked.
"Of course, and the good news is that I'll make up for being late," she said.
"That is good news," I replied.
"Can I call you when I get home?" Staci asked.
"Absolutely," I answered.
"Don't forget to bring your cell phone," she mentioned.
"Always, Hun," I answered.
Okay, we'll talk later, Allen," Staci said.
I kept busy for the next two hours, comparing the sales report Judy had prepared earlier in the week with the reports submitted by my sales staff. Something didn't seem to match up, either Judy had made errors on the dates sales were recorded, or my guys were fudging the dates they reported as visiting customers. I'd have to schedule a staff meeting next week to try and get to the bottom of the discrepancies.
Promptly at five o'clock, the mass exodus began, I hung at my desk to allow the first wave to leave then shut down my computer. I was about to head for the lobby when Fran approached a wide smile on her lips and erect nipples poking at her dress again.
"What's got you so excited?" I asked acknowledging her hard nipples.
"I was just thinking that tomorrow at this time you and I will be leaving for a very pleasurable evening together," Fran remarked.
"That we will," I replied as we walked toward the lobby.
As we stepped into the elevator Judy approached. Fran and I were standing side by side and Judy stepped in standing with her back to the doors. Talk about an awkward moment, it was clear that Judy noticed Fran's tits and the high beams poking at her dress because she rolled her eyes and kind of shook her head in disgust for what she felt was the harlot of Harper Apparel.
Fran, in a moment of jest, remarked, "I like your blouse, Judy."
Judy didn't reply but turned around to face the doors, Fran flipped her an unseen bird with her middle finger.
When the doors opened, Judy quickly walked out of the elevator. We waited in the lobby until Judy was safely in her car and then headed for ours.
"Where are you taking me tomorrow night?" Fran asked.
"I thought I'd let you pick," I answered, hoping she wouldn't suggest Brewster's.
"I hear the Crown Plaza has a good happy hour, Friday's they put out a free buffet and have a DJ starting at eight," she said.
Free food and music meant the place might be packed but being able to blend in with the crowd might be a good thing, I thought.
"The Crown sounds good," I replied.
Fran smiled and then remarked, "You gonna dance with me?"
"Perhaps, if the DJ plays some slow tunes," I answered.
As Fran slipped into her car she said, "I'm gonna wear something very sexy."
I leaned down and gave her a quick kiss and then answered, "When don't you wear something sexy?"
She just smiled and pulled the door closed.
I watched her drive off and then headed for my car. It could be a couple of hours until Staci calls me and for a moment, I thought about stopping at Brewster's for a quick cocktail but decided I didn't want to chance running into one of the two ladies I'd fucked in the last forty-eight hours.
Once I got home, I grabbed a cold beer and stepped out onto my balcony. Kay's slider was closed, and I wondered if she'd make it three nights in a row with Mike Greth. Judging from the photos she'd texted me it was apparent that she enjoyed sucking his cock, but Kay hasn't found a cock she doesn't enjoy sucking. A twinge of jealousy crept into my mind about her being with him a third night, but I'd have a chance to reinforce that I'm her number one man Saturday night when Stephanie and I visit her.
Since Staci would be delayed, I decided to shower and shave now so that when she did call, I'd be ready. I was in the middle of brushing my teeth when my cell rang. Spitting the foam from my mouth I dashed into the living room, grabbed my phone to see Staci's name on the caller ID.
"Hi, Staci," I answered.
"That was a waste of time, it turns out they thought Wallmeyer Associates was a free service," she remarked.
"Give me a second, hun," I answered so I could rinse my mouth with cold water.
"Sorry, Staci, I was brushing my teeth and had a mouth full of toothpaste cream," I said.
She giggled and said, "I was thinking earlier about having a mouth full of my favorite cream, but it wasn't spearmint flavored. It's just hot, thick, and oh so yummy, especially when it's fresh from the source."
"You're so bad," I replied.
"I'm just leaving my meeting it'll take me twenty minutes to get home. I need an hour to shower and dress, can you get here about eight-thirty?" she asked.
"I sure can," I replied.
"If you haven't, I'd suggest you charge your cell phone," Staci said.
"Will do, see you in a little while," I replied.
"We're gonna have some fun tonight," Staci remarked and then hung up.
That was the second time she mentioned my cell phone, I could only imagine why she was so interested in me bringing my phone.
It was just after seven when I plugged my charger into my phone, turned on my television, and watched Sports Center. The NBA pregame show started at eight, and from that point, I spent more time watching the clock than paying attention to the program. Hell, I don't even like professional basketball.
I thought about taking a half-full bottle of wine I had in my frig with me, but figured if Staci wanted drinks, she'd have them at her place. I knocked lightly on her door a few minutes early.
I was about to knock a second time when she opened the door. Staci was wearing a fluffy white bathrobe. Her hair was wet, and it didn't look like she'd done her make-up.
"I guess I'm a little early," I commented as she moved aside so I could enter.
"I hate being rushed," she replied.
"Do you want me to come back later?" I asked.
"Oh no, why don't you make yourself comfortable while I finish up," she replied.
"Take your time," I said as I sat down on her sofa.
I watched as she walked toward her bathroom, barefooted and with damp hair she still looked sexy as hell.
"I'll just be a few minutes," she offered just before stepping into the bathroom.
I paged through a fashion magazine that was on her coffee table while I waited. If she could go from having wet hair and no make-up in a few minutes I'd be surprised.
The bathroom door opened, and from inside Staci said, "I think there are a couple of beers in my refrigerator if you want a drink."
"I'm good," I replied.
I thought about walking to the doorway to check her progress but decided against that knowing Staci had most likely planned the entire evening in her mind.
"Just have to do my hair," she offered just before the sound of her hair blower came from the bathroom.
I gained an appreciation of what ladies go through to look as sexy as possible and knew that I'd have to show her that those efforts wouldn't be in vain.
A few minutes later the bathroom light went off, and I stood facing toward her as she stepped into the hall.
Staci was still wearing that fluffy robe, but her hair had been tied up into a very tight bun behind her head, her gray-green eyes were enhanced with a light shade of green eyeshadow and her lips shimmered bright red. Below the robe, I could see that she was wearing red stockings, and a pair of five-inch red stilettos.
"Sorry to keep you waiting," she said as she stepped toward me the opening of her white robe allowing even more of her sleek legs to show.
"This is worth the wait," I replied.
She stopped within arms-length of where I was standing, and as she reached out with both hands said, "Do you remember me telling you I wanted to pose for you?" Staci asked.
"Of course, I remember," I replied.
"And you have your cell phone?" Staci asked.
I pulled my cell from my pocket and held it up with a smile on my lips.
As Staci took two steps backward, she hooked one finger behind the belt of her robe and pulled it open to reveal a red satin baby-doll. It was short enough to show off the lacy tops of her thigh-high stockings but long enough to hide what covered her loins. The baby-doll featured a modest plunging neckline trimmed with eyelash lace and spaghetti thin shoulder straps.
"Oh my," I exclaimed as she slowly slipped her robe off and tossed it aside.
"I think I look sexy in red lingerie," she remarked.
"I love it," I answered.
She struck a classic lingerie model's pose, feet slightly parted, her hands on hips which she turned to one side.
I turned on my camera app and snapped the first of what I suspected would be a highly erotic photo session.
Staci smiled, and remarked, "I'd feel sexier if my cameraman was partly naked, why don't you lose your shirt, so I have something sexy to look at."
As I unbuttoned my shirt, Staci said, "I want you to pose me, from some sexy pin-up style pictures to lustful softcore, and finally as your porn star."
I thought for a moment about where to start. "Walk over to the sliding door to your balcony, and then reach up as high as you can and spread the curtains open."
Staci's sliders are covered with sheer curtains, and when she reached up to spread them open the hemline of her baby-doll rose to reveal the tiny triangle of red satin above her ass. Her sexy tramp stamp was partially hidden by the satin fabric. With her arms stretched up and the sheers flowing down at her sides I snapped a full-length photo from behind. "Very nice," I said, then suggested, "Now turn a little and look back over your shoulder with a sexy smile,"
Staci followed my instruction, and I captured that sexy view.
"Okay, Staci, I'd like you to turn around and draw the sheers in front of you, keep your arms stretched up," I suggested.
I snapped a photo of her behind the curtains. The contrast between her red lingerie and the white sheers looked amazing. While she was standing there, I moved closer and took a very sexy closeup of just her lovely face through the see-through fabric.
"Awesome," I commented as I pulled the curtains aside so she could step through.
For the next half hour or so I captured something like twenty pictures, having her pose standing, sitting, and bending at the waist.
"Would you like a break?" I asked.
"Okay, can you get me a bottle of water from the refrigerator?" she asked.
I opened the gallery on my phone, and handed it to her, "Scroll through the images"
When I got to the kitchen for her water, I noticed the armless wooden chairs, I grabbed a water and one chair, carrying both back to the living room handing the water bottle to her.
"I love them all," Staci said as she finished viewing the pin-up style photos.
I placed the chair in front of the curtains, as she handed the water bottle back to me.
"Let's turn it up a notch," I remarked.
Staci smiled knowing I wanted to start taking some softcore photos. She stood beside the chair waiting for my instructions.
"I'd like you to sit backward on the chair, with your feet flat against the floor," I suggested.
As she sat down, I said, "Place your forearms on the back and lean into the chair a little."
Her sexy red satin baby-doll covered nearly all her ass, and at a slight angle, I snapped a photo of her posing on the dark wooden chair.
"Very nice," I commented and then added, "Now place your hands on the back, and lean back as much as you comfortably can."
Her baby-doll dangled over the edge of the seat hiding her sexy ass. I snapped another picture.
"Okay, Staci, let's have a look at your creamy white ass. Keep your feet exactly where they are, but twist at the waist toward me." I suggested.
When she turned a little, Staci naturally looked over her right shoulder and gave me a sultry smile.
The camera captured that image and I quickly moved close to her to get a shot of her smile.
"Use your right hand to lift the hem of your baby-doll high enough so I can see the strap of your thong riding over your hip," I instructed.
She lifted the red satin fabric revealing her milky white ass cheek and the bright red strap of her thong.
"Wow, that's hot," I remarked.
Staci instinctively knew where I was headed and moved one hand to her shoulder then lifted the shoulder strap and let it dangle down her arm.
"Gorgeous," I commented as I captured the image.
The other thin strap followed, and then she lifted both hands to her hair and undid the bun. I captured one image of her shaking her hair out, the long, blonde locks flying haphazardly around her head, and another once they settled to hang straight down her back.
"Awesome, Staci," I remarked.
Having this incredible sexy vixen pose for me was having a noticeable effect, and I had to adjust my growing cock inside my pants.
"Okay, can I get you to stand, and turn the chair sideways?" I instructed.
Once she moved the chair I said, "Now put one foot on the seat and lifted your baby-doll again so I can see that sexy ass."
"Great, now turn the chair so the back is toward you," I said after capturing an image of her showing off her creamy white ass and one sexy red stockinged leg.
She turned to face me with her ass resting against the wooden chair, glanced at my crotch, and said, "You're getting turned on taking these pictures."
I just smiled at her and again adjusted my swelling cock inside my pants.
"Turn around and take a step or two back, then place your hands on the back of the chair and bend over at the waist," I suggested.
She followed my instructions and when she bent over her baby-doll rode up exposing her ass and the thin strip of satin between her cheeks. I snapped a photo of that sexy image.
"That's fuckin' hot," I exclaimed.
She turned a little and smiled at me knowing just how hot her ass looked.
"Okay, hun, now I want to get a couple of images of you removing your thong," I remarked.
"Yes," she replied.
"I want you to slowly slip your thong off, but before that, I'd like you to spread your feet apart, I want to get a shot of that sexy red thong stretched between your knees," I said.
Staci understood exactly what I wanted and slowly slipped her thong off. I captured several images of it as she uncovered her ass and the blossom of her labia. Once it reached her knees the garment was drawn taut and I took a shot of her legs from the top of her seamed stockings down to her red stilettos, followed by a full-length shot with her in the same pose. Both were very sexy pictures.
"Incredible," I remarked.
"One last shot of you removing your thong, I'd like to get a shot of the thong dangling off one heel," I said.
Staci moved her feet closer together, the satin thong slipped down her legs and she stepped out of it with one foot, then bent her other leg and lifted the thong with it dangling on the five-inch heel of her stiletto.
"I'm getting turned on," Staci remarked.
"It's time to show off your lovely petite tits," I said.
She just smiled.
"Turn around and face me. I want you to slip your arms out of the shoulder straps, but hold the material over your breasts," I suggested.
Once she'd removed her arms and moved her hands to cover her tits I asked, "Spread your fingers wide apart and let me see those sexy red nails."
I snapped a full-length picture and then moved in close to capture just her hands.
"Okay, hun, can you lift your hands and let the baby-doll slip off, but keep your hands covering your tits?" I said.
I captured an image as the sexy red satin baby-doll fluttered down her sleek body.
She smiled at me, knowing the next photo would reveal her naked body in all its sensuous glory, and said, "My nipples are fully erect."
"So's my cock," I replied.
She didn't wait for me to ask her to uncover her tits. As she dropped her hands to rest on her waist, Staci said, "I can't wait for us to get to the hardcore part of this photoshoot."
I just smiled as I captured several photos of her incredible body, from her gray-green eyes highlighted with lite green eye shadow, and her sexy red lips, down to her perfect palm size tits and the erect tiny pink nipples at their center. My eyes moved down across her flat stomach and its shimmering belly button jewel, down to her cleanly shaved pubic mound, the sexy hood of flesh protecting her clit, the lips of her labia barely visible, and further down to her long sleek red stockinged legs. From head-to-toe, Staci was a vision of sensual loveliness, and like her, I couldn't wait for our photo session to move to the next and final phase.
"I have one more image in my mind, turn around and sit backward on the chair then lift just the heels of your shoes a little," I said.
She sat down and waited for me to speak.
"Now lift your hips enough so you can slide one finger between your thighs and lightly touch your velvety moist cunt," I said.
As her finger appeared, I shot an image from a distance showing only the red tip of her fingernail, then quickly squatted to capture a close-up of her finger sliding through the moist lips of her cunt.
"Perfect!" I exclaimed.
As I straightened up Staci looked over her shoulder and lifted her middle finger to her lips, licking the moisture from her red-tipped digit. I captured an image of her tasting herself.
For the first time since we started this incredible photoshoot, I touched her, ever so lightly on the shoulder. She trembled slightly at my touch.
"Time to introduce your co-star," I said indicating the hardcore segment was about to begin.
"Please get down on all fours," I instructed.
She slipped off the chair and knelt on the carpeted floor. I grabbed the chair and walked about ten feet from her, and then sat down on the chair.
"Crawl to me," I instructed.
In the next thirty seconds, I took several photos of her slow, sensual crawl toward me. Her face lifted and her lustful eyes spoke volumes about how much she wanted that journey to end.
As she rose to place her forearms on my thighs, I captured an image of her sensuous face, those intoxicating gray-green eyes, and succulent shimmering red lips. The image included the huge bulge in the front of my slacks.
"Touch it," I said.
Her delicate fingers moved to that bulge and slowly stroked it from the head to the base. I captured an image of her skillful fingers as they traveled the length of my rock-hard cock.
She smiled and said, "I want, no I need to see it in all its glory,"
I just shook my head yes.
Several images later my pants were open, my jockey shorts were pulled below my scrotum and my raging, rock-hard cock was resting in her soft hand.
"I want to taste it," she remarked.
I smiled at her and readied my camera.
She stroked my stiff shaft once from the base to the head and was rewarded with a dollop of pre-cum that oozed from my urethra. I snapped a photo of her collecting that prize with the tip of her tongue.
Having satisfied her lust to taste my cock, Staci took over and I captured image after image of her pleasuring my raging hard-on. Her tongue teased my glans and corona, her lips caressed the entire head and some of the rock-hard shaft. All while she kept perfect eye contact with the lens.
Our wanton lust for each other took control, and I abandoned all pretense of continuing our photoshoot. Like my camera had done earlier, capturing this incredibly beautiful woman in two dimensions, I now wanted her in three.
I abruptly stood before her, filled my fists with her long, blonde hair, and stabbed her mouth once with my rock-hard cock. It speared her throat sinking into the smooth, moist flesh, her shimmering red lips pressed against my pubic mound.
Her wide-eyed look seemed to be urging me on, but I wanted her body pressed against mine, I wanted to feel the wet flesh of her cunt surrounding my cock.
I pulled my cock from her throat, released her hair, and reached down to lift her. Our mouths met, lips crushed together, tongues probing each other, gasps of pleasure escaping our throats.
She felt so good pressed against me, my rock-hard raging cock captured between our bodies.
Staci broke our lustful kiss to plead, "Please fuck me."
I lifted her off the floor and she instantly wrapped her arms around my neck, pressing her chin into my shoulder. She lifted her legs and circled my waist, hooking her heels behind my back. I could feel my cock touching her moist labia, and as I turned and stepped toward the sofa she said, "I want you deep inside me."
Once my legs touched the cushion I bent at the waist and deposited her on the sofa. Staci released her grip on my neck but kept her hands resting on my shoulders. Her mesmerizing gray-green eyes stared up at me almost begging for my cock. I leaned forward and place my hands on the back of the couch as Staci moved one hand to my rock-hard cock drawing it down, so the head was poised at the moist swollen flesh of her labia.
I moved my hips forward and spread her open with my cock head. The incredible warmth of her flesh tempted me to sink my cock deeper into her slippery wet cunt.
"Yes," she said as I began a slow sensual plunge to the core of her loins. Inch by inch my cock was surrounded by the heat and moisture of her flesh. Her eyes opened wide and as my cock reached the ultimate goal of her cervix, she formed an O with her lips and deeply moaned.
"Oh god, I've thought about having you buried inside me for so long," she said.
It's amazing how completely aroused we were. The effects of nearly ninety minutes of visual foreplay while I photographed her incredibly beautiful body.
"You're so fuckin' gorgeous," I said as I stared at her face.
I kept my cock embedded inside her, enjoying the sensation of having it surrounded by the hot, wet flesh of her cunt.
"Fuck me," she said wanting me to withdraw and plunge into her again.
I pulled back, my cock head slipping from her steamy loins, and then thrust into her again. She gasped as my corona teased her G-spot and the head pressed firmly against her cervix.
"I love how that feels," I remarked as I withdrew again.
Staci wanted more and used her heels to draw me inside.
"Gimmie that big, beautiful hard cock faster," she pleaded.
I moved both hands to her ass, lifted her hips a little so I could begin pounding her wet, swollen cunt harder, faster.
She smiled as I began rapidly thrusting into her. "That's it, pound my hot little cunt."
I fucked her hard and fast for several minutes, and her breathing began coming in short gasps, and her skin took on a shiny appearance as she started sweating.
"You're gonna make me cum!" Staci exclaimed.
I continued pounding her loins hard and fast wanting her to climax and bathe my cock in hot juices.
She reached for my shoulders and dug her nails into my skin as her legs dropped off my hips and spread wide open giving me access to fuck her hard through what I expected would be an inspired orgasm.
"YES, OH MY FUCKING GOD YES," Staci screamed as it began.
Her body convulsed and the flesh of her cunt seemed to grasp my cock tighter as I fucked her as fast and hard as I could.
With her eyes now closed and her lips tightly sealed, Staci began a series of orgasmic moans as she rode my cock to the mountain top of ecstasy. I repeatedly pounded her with my rock-hard raging cock transforming her into a quivering, sweat-coated, mass of climatic flesh.
As her orgasm began to subside, Staci opened her eyes and a broad smile came to her lips, "I needed that so much," she said.
I kept my cock buried deep inside, occasionally flexing my muscles causing my cock to lurch against her cervix giving her time to recover some.
"I wanna ride your big, hard cock," she finally said after we basked in the glow of an incredible sexual session for a few minutes.
I lifted my hips and my cock slipped from her, coated with her orgasmic juices.
"Lay on the floor," she said.
As I stood before her, I gazed down at her loins, the lips of her labia, moist and swollen lay open before me, and the slippery wet flesh beyond oozed her climatic juices.
Stepping away from her a couple of steps, I reclined on the thick carpet in the middle of her living room, my cock still rock-hard and pointing toward the ceiling.
She slipped off the sofa, and with her head tilted back so she would hold eye contact with me, slowly crawled toward my feet. She had a look of lust in her eyes. Finally reaching my feet she moved her hands to the outside of my legs and continued her sensual crawl until her face was above my raging hard-on.
My cock was still coated with her sex fluids, and she dipped her head and licked every inch of my scrotum, shaft, and cock head.
I expected her to continue forward until she could mount me, but instead Staci stood up, placing her sexy five-inch stilettos beside my hips.
She looked down and smiled at me, and I moved my hands to circle her ankles just above her sexy red shoes. Very slowly Staci bent her knees, dropping down toward my rock-hard cock. As she squatted above my loins she reached for my cock with one hand, directing the head toward her sopping wet cunt. I tightened my grip on her legs as my cock touched her and disappeared into the searing hot, wet flesh beyond her labia. She steadied herself with her hands resting on her thighs, and held me there for a few moments, allowing me to enjoy the image of my cock extending below her luscious cunt. I regretted not keeping my camera handy, because this was an image for the ages.
Staci looked down at me, and with an almost whimsical tone of voice said, "Do you want me to go deeper?"
I replied, "I want it as deep as possible,"
Very slowly Staci dropped her luscious, velvety cunt down, absorbing every rock-hard inch of my cock until her swollen, slippery lips pressed against my pubic mound.
"How's that?" she asked.
"Perfect," I answered.
I'm amazed by the strength of her leg muscles. She was able to lift her body exposing half my cock shaft and then slowly drop down to engulf me completely once again. "That's incredible," I remarked as she repeated the process several times.
"Your cock feels so fuckin' good when it's deep within me," she said.
I began lifting my hips to meet her sexual descents causing her to lose her balance and tip forward so her knees now rested on the soft carpet on either side of my body and caused me to release my grip on her ankles. I instantly moved my hands up to caress her petite tits paying close attention to her sensitive erect nipples.
She closed her eyes, moaned, and then said, "Yes, play with my tits."
Our lovemaking took on a more aggressive manner as she lifted and then plunged on my cock and I thrust up into her.
"It's so fuckin hot," I said feeling the searing, moist flesh of her cunt surrounding my rock-hard throbbing cock.
My hands continued on her tits, but now when I pinched her nipples, I used my fingers to twist the taut nubs.
Her hands were resting on my sweaty chest and she used her nails to tease my nipples and lightly scratch my slippery flesh.
"Keep fucking me like this, I want you to make me cum again," she pleaded.
I could tell she was close, her flesh grasping at my cock as it swelled tighter. I released her lovely little tits and moved my hands to her hips so that every time she plunged to meet my thrusts; I could press her firmly against my cock.
"Cum for me, I wanna feel your cunt flood with juice," I said urging her toward ecstasy.
Staci closed her eyes and threw her head back causing her long blonde locks to fly above her head and cascade down onto her sweaty back. "Oh god, oh god, oh my fucking god!" she exclaimed.
I felt her cunt clamp tightly on my raging hard-on, and she moved her head front as her body convulsed and the waves of pleasure washed over her. In an instant she flooded, bathing my cock in a passionate lake of orgasmic juices.
"YES, YES, YES!" she screamed while riding my surging cock to the zenith of sexual pleasure. Her breathing came in short gasps, and she moaned lustfully again and again as I continued thrusting up into her quivering, swollen cunt.
Staci collapsed onto me, pressing her moist flesh against my body, and tucking her chin against my shoulder. "Cum for me, I want you to fill my sopping wet cunt with your thick, creamy load. I want every fucking drop your balls can give me," she said.
I wrapped my arms around her to hold her firmly against my body as I again began thrusting up into her dripping swollen flesh. It took less than a minute for my loins to go numb and the incredible sensation of orgasm to overcome me.
"CUM INSIDE ME!" Staci screamed.
"YES!" I bellowed as my climax began. My balls pumped wad after wad of cum into her flooded cunt, filling her to the point that some squeezed out around my pulsing cock shaft.
She moaned repeatedly feeling the heat of my juice mixing with her sexual fluids.
Almost as quickly as it had hit me, my orgasm began to subside and as I slowed my thrusts into her, I continued holding her sweaty body against mine, our bodily fluids mixing in every way possible.
Making love with her is truly amazing, and as we held each other basking in the afterglow of another incredible session, our lips touched, tender loving kisses our tongues lightly probing each other's mouths.
"You ignite things inside me that no other man ever has," she whispered between kisses.
I didn't respond verbally, instead, I gave her a single thrust with my shrinking cock.
After what seemed like an eternity of cuddling together Staci whispered, "Shower with me."
I released my grip on her body, and Staci slid off. My cock slipped from her flooded loins and as she moved beside me a string of our mixed juices stretched across my thigh. I sat up and looked at her, those sexy red stockings were ruined, both had runs down the front, her lovely blonde locks were moist with sweat and her body shimmered from the moisture of our lovemaking.
As she kicked off her stilettos Staci remarked, "I must look a mess,"
"You've never looked sexier," I answered.
We made our way to her bathroom, and I leaned against the door jamb watching her remove her tattered stockings, which she tossed into the wastebasket. She stood up and glanced at her reflection in the vanity mirror, "Oh god, it's worse than I thought," Her lipstick was smudged and her eye make-up smeared around her eyes.
"I think you look like a woman who just enjoyed some steamy sex," I remarked.
She just smiled at me.
I moved past her and turned on the shower, adjusting the hot and cold faucets, and then stepped into the shower. Staci followed me and pulled the curtain closed. I gathered her in my arms, and under a steady stream of warm water kissed her passionately. She melted against me, and we remained in each other's arms during a long sexy French kiss. Her arms curled up my back and hooked onto my shoulders from behind.
Breaking our kiss, Staci said, "Let me lather you up."
Her delicate hands began with my chest, slowly working down across my belly and onto my pubic mound. The strawberry scented body wash felt wonderful and when Staci moved down, she lathered my limp cock and dangling balls. Her hands slipped along my cock shaft several times causing me to moan softly. Feeling no reaction from my spent cock, she crouched before me and quickly washed my legs.
"Okay, turn around so I can wash your back," she suggested.
I turned and Staci instantly gasped, "My goodness, how did you get these wounds?" She had noticed the scratches Ginger had left on my back Tuesday night.
"Battle scars," I answered.
She giggled and answered, "So you're fucking a cat woman?"
I laughed and said, "She had nails like a cat."
Staci gently washed my back and butt, and after I rinsed off, I started cleansing her firm body. My hands lathered her tiny palm-size tits, and as before her nipples got hard. Her sleek smooth belly followed before I moved down to thoroughly wash her loins spending time to finger her lightly and causing her to lean against my hand. I washed her long sleek legs before turning her around and washing her back, and cute little bum. "Let me do your hair," I suggested.
"I love having my hair shampooed," she replied.
In no time I had her hair bubbling with shampoo making sure not to get any in her eyes. As I rinsed her hair Staci washed her face removing the remnants of make-up from her face.
She turned the shower off, reached outside, and grabbed three towels. We patted each other dry and then stepped out of the shower. Staci wrapped one towel around her body just below her armpits and then collected her long wet hair with the other, I tucked my towel in around my waist.
"Time for bed," she said confirming she want to sleep with me tonight.
I followed her to the bedroom, a room I wasn't sure she'd ever allow me to enter again, turned down the fluffy comforter, and pulled the top sheet down. Standing across the bed from me Staci loosened her towels and dropped them to the floor. As she crawled into bed, I removed my towel and slipped in beside her.
"I love to snuggle," she remarked.
I just smiled in the dimly lit room, stretched my arm out, and pulled her against my body. Staci curled one leg and draped it over my thigh, then placed her arm across my chest and rested her head on my shoulder.
I held her lightly for a long time, eventually, her breathing became shallow and I glanced down at her. She'd fallen into a blissful satisfied sleep. I closed my eyes and recalled as many sexy images and sensations of the night before I gave in and fell asleep with her in my arms.
****************
As I opened my eyes the faint light of a new day showed through her bedroom window. Staci was still cuddled in beside me soundly asleep. I was sporting a rock-hard piss erection and as I moved my hand to touch it, she stirred and opened her eyes gazing up at me.
I smiled at her and said, "Good morning lover,"
"I'm your lover?" she answered.
I just smiled at her.
She stretched, and slid her hand down my chest, across my abdomen, and discovered my solid erection. "What do we have here?" she asked.
I giggled and answered, "It's your wake-up call."
With her delicate hand wrapped around my cock shaft, Staci sat up, flipped the top sheet off, and studied my rock-hard cock.
"I love sucking cock first thing in the morning," she announced.
I just smiled and then said, "I love watching my cock get sucked anytime."
She scooted down and then reclined across my thighs, wrapping both hands around my shaft. With a flip of her head, her long blonde locks fell behind giving me a perfect view of her lovely face and sexy mouth.
She stroked my cock with both hands a couple of times and then extended her tongue to lick from my scrotum up to my frenulum and then around my flaring corona.
"It tastes wonderful," she remarked.
Her lips slipped over the glans and she took my cock head inside her warm mouth. I watched intently as Staci playfully sucked just the tip, occasionally removing it and licking my glans and corona with her moist tongue.
"Oh yeah," I said when she concentrated on the sensitive flesh of my frenulum.
Normally I'd want my cock throated, but Staci was being playful, using her soft hands, moist tongue, and smooth slippery lips to pleasure just the head and first inch of my rock-hard shaft.
"I wanna watch it shoot from you," she remarked.
I folded my arms behind my head and watched as she continued her playful wake-up blowjob. Her eyes sparkled in the growing light of a new day as she stroked the base of my cock shaft while licking, kissing, and lightly sucking my cock head.
"You look so fuckin sexy," I said.
Staci smiled and then began flicking the tip of her tongue at my frenulum bringing me closer and closer to orgasm.
"You're gonna make me cum," I announced.
But Staci wanted to play some more and instantly drew her tongue away, smiled at me, and replied, "Not just yet."
She continued slowly stroking my throbbing cock shaft keeping me on the edge, but she moved her mouth down and began licking at my scrotum, then sucking one ball between her sexy lips before continuing onto the second giving it equal treatment. After lavishing my scrotum and balls with her slippery tongue she ran the tip along my urethra until she could again tease my cock head with her smooth lips and moist tongue.
"You're driving me insane," I remarked as she continued her early morning blowjob.
Staci grinned at me and then asked in a quizzical tone of voice, "Do you really wanna cum, Allen?"
She knew the answer but continued with her playful technique. What I didn't know at the time was that my insanity would be increased as she slipped one hand off my shaft and slowly scratched down my scrotum until her fingertips reached my sphincter. Using one of her delicate fingers, she teased the puckered flesh for a moment.
Is she really going to finger my ass, I thought as I closed my eyes and waited for the inevitable.
With her sexy mouth caressing my cock head, one soft hand stroking my throbbing shaft Staci pressed her finger firmly against my butthole. I moaned deeply when it penetrated and slipped inside.
"Oh fuck," I squealed as she probed deeper finding my prostrate and beginning to gently massage me there.
With one delicate finger milking my prostrate, a soft hand squeezing my cock shaft at the base, Staci drew my cock head toward her extended tongue. Using just the tip she began flicking it at my frenulum providing the most intense sensation.
She paused for a moment to ask, "Are you ready to explode?"
I could only nod affirmatively as she flicked her tongue at my cock.
I've enjoyed thousands of blowjobs in my life, countless orally induced orgasms from many different women but none compare to what I was about to experience.
My loins went completely numb except for the incredible sensation of having my prostrate milked which sent spiraling shards of ecstasy along my spine to my brain.
Staci watched as my entire body tensed and as she released her firm grip on my cock shaft, I began cumming. The first shot sailed high above her lips splashing onto my abdomen. She drew my cock head tighter against her flattened tongue as the second wad exploded from my cock bouncing off the tip of her nose and leaving a thick, creamy streak across her forehead.
"OH FUCK!" I exclaimed.
She withdrew her finger from my ass, opened her mouth wide, and held the tip of my spurting cock head against her lower lip. I shot another couple of thick wads of cum onto her tongue which cascaded off her lip further coating my cock shaft and her fingers with sticky thick cum.
Once my balls had drained themselves, Staci began the task of collecting her morning cocktail, licking and slurping every drop from my loins and her fingers. Her sparkling emerald green eyes and smooth, cum coated lips ensured I'd keep my eyes focused on her until she'd finished.
"How was that?" she asked.
"Fuckin' incredible," I answered.
She rose beside me kneeling along one leg and if I didn't need to drain my bladder so badly, I'd have pulled her down to cuddle beside me.
As I scooted away from her, I said, "I've gotta pee."
She just smiled and remained kneeling on the bed until I left the room.
It took me longer than usual to empty my bladder and wipe myself clean, but when I returned to her bedroom Staci was ready to show me a little more kink. She was on all fours her sexy ass pointed toward the door and her shoulders resting on the stack of pillows near the headboard.
A sparkling green jewel decorated her asshole. As she wiggled her butt from side-to-side Staci said, "Next time I'm going to keep this butt plug inserted in my ass all day, and when you want you can remove it and give me a proper ass fucking."
I sat down on the edge of the bed and used one hand to softly caress her butt cheeks, occasionally squeezing the smooth firm flesh. As I twisted her anal toy around, I said, "You can count on it."
I gripped the jewel and slid her butt plug out until the widest part stretched her puckered sphincter, and then pressed it back inside.
"I'm gonna want you blindfolded and I will tie your wrists together," I said wanting her to know I was looking forward to cranking the kink up a few notches.
She stretched her legs out and turned onto one side as she asked, "Will you slap my creamy-white ass cheeks?"
I smiled and replied, "If you beg in just the right way, I'll tattoo your butt with my handprint. And after I've cum inside, I'll reinsert that sexy plug to seal my thick load inside your ass.
She smiled and then said, "That sounds so kinky."
"Tell me what other kinky things you'd like, Staci," I asked.
She paused for a moment, apparently thinking about what she'd like, and then suggested. "I want you to bind me to the bed, on my back with my head dangling over the edge so you can fuck my face and throat."
I grinned and replied, "That would be right before I give your sweet tight asshole a proper fucking."
She giggled and answered, "Or right after you've pumped my ass full of hot cum. A good cock slut always cleans up after herself and you can use my mouth to get you hard again so you can fill me from that end too."
Staci then said, "One other thing. I previously told you I get hot watching other people fuck, especially if it's live. You remember how I became a wild sexual animal when we watched through my apartment's French doors the woman across the way deep throat a big, black cock. I want to watch you fuck another woman, but not from a distance.
I inquired, "Do you have anyone in mind that you want to watch me fuck?"
Staci answered, "The first one that comes to mind is Stephanie. I'll let you in on a little secret, I have a thing for women with big breasts. In case you haven't figured it out I'm bisexual. You remember Gina, my former roommate, she's bisexual too and we had some fun together whenever we were in the mood. I loved playing with and sucking her tits. I know you fucked her. Did you have fun with them too?" she asked.
"Yes, I did. I can understand Stephanie, you've met her and after a somewhat tense start, it appears that you two have hit it off.
Staci added, "Stephanie told me she is bisexual during the better part of an hour telephone conversation we had where she suggested our threesome. She also told me she loves toys, both using and having them used. I previously told you I felt like a third wheel when I had a threesome with Gina and a guy she was dating. I know you and Stephanie wouldn't make me feel like that. We both agree you have a great cock, are an incredible fuck, and are attentive to our needs. You also inferred that you've been with multiple women at the same time."
I asked, "Is there anyone else?"
Staci replied, "Possibly Susie. She has big breasts and is an attractive older woman who it appears you have a thing for based upon Stephanie. Additionally, she was flirting with you even if you didn't notice it, which I highly doubt. When Susie returned to take our order, she had undone the top two buttons of her blouse which exposed her very nice cleavage. Even though she did it for you, I should have thanked her because I enjoyed the view too. I also watched the sway of her hips as she went to place our order. We just need to find out if she is bisexual."
I glanced at her alarm clock, it was nearly nine o'clock and I knew that I would be late for work this morning.
"What do you have going on this morning?" I asked.
"Not a thing," she replied.
I smiled and said, "Wait right here,"
I made a quick dash to her living room and grabbed my phone and as I walked back to her bedroom dialed the office.
Janice answered in her usual friendly tone of voice, "Good morning, Harper Apparel."
As I leaned against the door frame, I winked at Staci and said, "Janice, it's Allen Goodman. I'm going to be late today, having some car problems," I lied.
I listened to Janice's reply and then said, "I'll be there in a couple of hours."
"What was that all about?" Staci asked as I walked toward her bed.
I reached the bottom of her bed, reached out for her ankles as I said, "I've freed up an hour or two."
She giggled and then smiled as I yanked her toward me until her butt was at the edge and her legs dangled toward the floor.
"And what were you planning on doing for the next hour or two?" she asked.
I dropped to my knees between her legs and as I lifted her feet said, "I'm gonna have some sweet tasting pussy for breakfast."
I placed her feet on the edge of the mattress, and as Staci spread her knees apart said, "Is that so?"
I nodded yes while I studied her loins. The lips of her labia were closed but the tiny nub of her clit had already come to life and was extending from the hood of flesh that surrounded it. Below the sparkling green jewel of her butt plug was drawn against her sphincter.
I placed my hands on the inside of her knees and then very lightly slid them down toward her loins. Staci responded with a soft moan and moved her hands to spread her labia open, showing me the moist pink flesh inside.
"It's such a lovely pussy," I commented as my fingers touched hers.
I used my middle fingers to spread her open further and stretched my index fingers up and pressed on either side of her clit causing the erect nub to extend fully from its protective flesh.
As I dropped my mouth toward it, I pursed my lips and blew hot air across her loins. Staci responded by moaning softly again.
Much like she had done earlier to my frenulum, I flicked the tip of my tongue at her sensitive clit. With my fingers controlling her flesh, Staci slipped her hands from under mine and slowly slid them up across her shaven pubic mound, smooth flat belly finally finding her champagne glass sized tits and the erect nipples at their center.
"Oh god," she said as I exhaled hot breath against her moist cunt.
Staci began squeezing her tits and as her hands slid over her chest, she used her fingertips to pinch her erect nipples.
I returned my mouth to her loins and again flicked the tip of my tongue at her quivering clit. She softly moaned again as I teased her orally.
I adjusted my fingers so I could keep her clit wholly exposed using two fingers of one hand to expose her clit completely. I slid my other hand down and ran my fingertips through the moist flesh of her labia.
"That feels incredible, I'm so fuckin' turned on," she remarked.
I slipped my middle finger inside lightly caressing the smooth flesh of her vaginal walls until I discovered the more ridged surface of her G-spot and then pressed up toward her belly putting more pressure on that most sensitive area.
Staci gasped as I began fingering her G-spot while I continued flicking my tongue at her exposed clit.
"You're gonna make me cum," she exclaimed between gasps.
I continued my assault for a few moments, and just as I felt she was about to climax I lifted my mouth from her clit and moved my finger away so she would slide back from the edge of orgasm.
"Turn around is fair play," I remarked letting her know that both of us could play her edging game.
I waited until her breathing slowed and she no longer gasped for air before returning my mouth to her clit and my finger to her G-spot.
In short order, Staci was again gasping for air and harshly moaning as my tongue and finger lifted her toward the summit of ecstasy.
"YES, OH GOD, YES!" she screamed.
Her cunt was already sopping wet, but I felt a gush of fluids around my finger as she squirted.
"Keep going," she begged.
Now I could have continued as she begged, but I wanted to see just how intense an orgasm I could provide her so I again lifted my mouth from her loins and removed my finger from her dripping cunt.
"Fuck, please make me cum," Staci pleaded.
I looked up at her, and like she'd asked me earlier I said, "Do you really wanna cum?"
Staci smiled and then replied, "You know I do."
I found her G-spot with two fingers this time and as I started rubbing it firmly, dropped my mouth to her clit once again. I took her erect clit between my lips and sucked hard on her pleasure nub.
"YES!" she squealed.
With my fingers rapidly moving over her G-spot and my mouth clamped onto her clit she climaxed. Her hips bucked wildly up off the bed, and her hands laced into my hair so I couldn't let her slide back again.
"FUCK!" Staci screamed as her orgasm slammed into her.
It was intense, a continual mind-numbing climax that caused her cunt to flood with orgasmic fluid and her hands to press my mouth hard against her clit. I let her ride my face and hand until she began to calm. Still gasping for air and continuing to grind her cunt against my hand.
Her grip on my head finally lessened, and as I looked up over her tiny tits Staci said, "I'm gonna enjoy the effects of that orgasm all day."
Mission accomplished I thought.
Staci scooted back on the bed so she could stretch her legs out as I stood before her. The bedding was soaked, a giant wet spot that served as a sign of how intense her climax was. She looked exhausted, sexually spent, and totally satisfied.
I smiled at her and then said, "I'm gonna grab a quick shower."
"I need to rest," she replied.
Ten minutes later as I stepped from the shower, Staci appeared in the doorway. She wrapped herself in the top sheet and held it closed in front of her chest. As I started drying myself, she said, "That was the most intense orgasm I've ever had."
"Glad to be of service," I answered, with a shit-eating grin on my lips.
As I hung my towel on the drying rack, Staci dropped her bed sheet and reached for her bathrobe hanging on the back of the door. I paused to enjoy one final view of her incredibly sexy body before she tied the robe closed in front.
She followed me into her living room and as I dressed, she remarked, "You know I'll be counting the days with my fingers until we can enjoy being together again."
I smiled widely and replied, "You won't get to ten, Staci."
Before I left, I gathered her in my arms and kissed her passionately. "I can't wait to see that gorgeous emerald decorating your ass."
Staci just smiled at me.