Good luck today babe!
Thank you! I'm feeling good.
How are you texting me back? I thought you'd already be on the mountain.
Park service has a private tower on the mountain for sending data from our monitoring stations. I'm connected into it because we're sending images back to the office once we get to the sites.
Ahhhh, that makes sense.
I'm pissed though. They split up our group and I'm stuck with Chris. Lauren went with Sarah because we had to visit sites on two different slopes of the mountain and we have run out of time before we need to complete our project.
Why are you pissed? I thought you liked working with him.
Well, Lauren and I had a plan to ditch Chris for a little bit and get Sarah to take our picture doing one of those standing naked in nature pics with one of the beautiful panoramas. This is the last fieldwork trip and we ran out of time. Never got a good chance.
Just ask Chris to take the picture for you.
Har har har. Yeah, I'm asking my boss to take a naked picture of me.
No, I'm serious. It's not *that* random. It is a whole "thing" right now. Tell him it is an internship right of passage for your program. You said he's cool. I'm sure he'd understand and not be a dick about it.
You really are serious.
You'd be cool with that? Honestly?
Yes. It doesn't have to be a big deal. Just go for it.
I'll think about it.
----
Jason and I had been dating for a little over two years, having met senior year at college. We'd been lucky enough to be together for my first year in grad school since he got a job locally. A better job eventually came up that took him to San Francisco so we had done the long distance thing for the past year. It was in no way easy, but we had made it work. Neither of us really knew what was going to happen when I finished grad school. I think we were both too scared to even bring up the question.
I got a great internship with the National Park Service that was going to fulfill my last requirement for graduation, but more importantly give me the field work experience I needed to really compete for a job. That put some additional strain on our relationship, but Jason was more supportive than I could have ever imagined. Two months into my internship I got called into my boss's boss's office which was completely out of the ordinary. Not knowing what to expect, I was practically sick from nervousness as I stood outside the door trying to compose myself before going in.
Sarah immediately caught on to my anxiety, laughed, and said, "Ok, first you need to relax. I have good news."
Easier said than done, but at least now I knew I hadn't screwed something up.
"A few weeks back a full-time position opened up that made me think of you. I called the regional lead and recommended you. He just called me back this morning. The job is yours if you want it. Your boyfriend is in SF, isn't he?"
"Yes?"
"The Northern California team needs a field worker that can flex around through the various sites across their territory. It requires travel, so they weren't able to fill it from any of the local rangers. You'd be based in SF and on the road roughly three to four weeks per quarter. They loved your resume and think that you'd make a great addition to the team."
Of course I said yes.
Jason was even more excited than I was, if that's even possible. Relieved that we'd obviously dodged a bullet on the long distance thing he immediately asked me to move in with him.
Of course I said yes.
So, our world had just gotten simpler and our relationship a notch more serious before I had to buckle down and focus on completing my final research project. So my soon-to-be live-in boyfriend basically suggesting that I flash my boss was a) unexpected, b) deeply confusing, and c) completely insane.
So....
Of course I said yes.
------
[pic]
Ummmm, wow!
I... thought.... well, he's so *close*! I thought you'd be off in the distance or something like this.
[pic]
I am! Or I was. He zoomed in to take the picture.
Sneaky bastard.😎
Are you mad?
No. Just surprised.
So, he saw everything, didn't he?
yes
Are you still naked?
yes
And he walked right up to you and handed you your phone, didn't he?
yes
I didn't know he was going to do that, I swear! I said to him what you said, "it doesn't have to be a big deal."
He was so casual about walking up to me. Like I wasn't totally naked. Told me to check the pic to make sure I got the shot I wanted.
Are you turned on?
yes
My pussy is weeping.
Are you mad?
No, I'm really not. I know you didn't plan it this way.
And I'm not the least bit surprised you're so turned on. We've talked about your fantasy before. You just stumbled right into it. Enjoy it!
Where are your clothes?
Over behind a rock out of the shot.
Where is he now?
Back up on the trail.
I want you to take your clothes, fold them up, and go give them to Chris. Tell him that he decides when you get to get dressed again.
WHAT?!?!
I know this is a bucket list fantasy opportunity for you. Give him your clothes.
Babe! That's not a good idea.
In fact it is a HORRIBLE idea.
Why? You went into conservancy because you love nature. And this is your big nature au naturelle fantasy come to life. (With a little bit of submission thrown in on the side.) This is the perfect chance. I don't want you to miss it. You don't know when you'll have an opportunity like this again.
Babe! I still think it is a bad idea.
Why?
Because....
Because I don't think I can be trusted.
I'm sorry.
I know 100% what is going to happen.
[pic]
I'm ok with it. I think it's super sexy. And kinky. I'm turned on by it. Now go do it.
No regrets. I'm done chatting.
I love you!
------
I took one last look at the poorly photoshopped "hall pass" in my texts and shook my head. One or both of us must be insane, probably both. Still, I couldn't remember the last time I'd felt so turned on. So alive. Before I could think more clearly about the stupid thing I was about to do, I gathered up my clothes, took a few deep breaths, and climbed back up onto the path. Chris had his back turned to me and was busying himself on his phone.
Fuck. Fuck. Fuck.
"Chris?"
He stared at his phone for another half second. "Ready to go?" He slowly turned around and began to reach down for his pack. His eyes registered his surprise to see me standing there still naked, but only for an instant. His poker face was perfect--total eye contact.
"Chris, I.... I have a favor to ask. I didn't plan this, but I suddenly can't stop thinking about this."
I was still holding the pile of my clothes in front of me. I pushed them into his chest but all he did was stare me in the eye.
"I... I... I want you to take these and you get to decide when I can get dressed again."
A pause seemed to stretch out forever before I found my voice to continue.
"I know this is really weird and against a billionty rules, but I swear to keep it a secret. I want to do the trip like this for a while. Naked. Until you say otherwise."
I made another attempt to push the stack of clothing into his chest again. This time he slowly brought his arms up and accepted them.
There was another awkward silence. I wasn't quite sure what to do with my hands. At first I made a weak attempt at covering myself--one arm pressed into my breasts and the other hand cupped over my pussy. I'd literally just asked him if I could go naked for the day with him, so that made me feel stupid. If anything, that made it more awkward. I steeled myself with an audible deep breath and slowly let them drop to my sides. I shifted my weight back and forth, suddenly aware of my own slick wetness.
"We've got work to do. You're the boss. So I go naked until you tell me to get dressed. Yes?" Despite my attempts to be cool I heard a bit of pleading in my voice and winced at my own desperation.
His poker face ever so slowly shifted into a very subtle smirk, then a smile.
"Ok, Chloe. You're right. We have work to do."
Holy shit with the eye contact. This man could stare down a fucking tiger. Finally he turned, stuffed the pile of clothes into his pack, and gestured toward the trail.
"You lead the way."
Aha! Apparently he is human. I slung my light pack (just a day trip) onto my back and started off up the trail in nothing more than a small backpack, a pair of wool socks, and my boots. Part of me wanted to put a little sway in my step, but instead I tried to pretend nothing was out of the ordinary.
It was a fairly easy hike so we made small talk as we climbed, mostly catching up on my plans after graduation. This internship and my research paper were the last requirements for my degree, so I was pretty excited. He was really amused that I'm specializing in forestry and animal management, but the full-time job I got with the park service is in San Francisco.
"It's just the home base for work I'll be doing over big parts of Northern California!"
I looked over my shoulder at him laughing as I said this and was reminded that he's fully clothed. The reminder sent a shiver down my spine straight to my pussy. I'd never really fully forgotten that I was naked with the way my tits were gently bouncing with every step. But I was suddenly conscious of the fact that my thighs were a bit slick with my wetness.
The doubts started to creep in: Oh god, he can see that can't he? Dumbass, of course he can! He's staring at your naked ass that's also doing a bouncing routine with every step.
Hmmpf, I had to take a big step to move from a rock to a large log across the trail. As I lengthened my stride I felt cool air on my pussy lips and remembered that he can see a lot more than my ass as I covered the terrain.
"Chloe?"
I suddenly snapped out of my trance and realized that he's been talking to me while I'd been inner monologuing. Shit!
"Sorry, just trying to focus on not falling on my ass up here."
"No... No, we wouldn't want that now would we?"
It didn't take long before we reached the first of our two sites. Chris sent me to check the rain collectors and the sample sites while he checked out the huge lock box with the power units and the data relays. We got busy and down to work. I had tons to do and not a ton of time. I was so focused I think I actually forgot that I was naked for a while. I had the logs and all my notes spread out on a slab of rock on the ground as I checked the figures and entered them on the tablet. It wasn't until I heard Chris's voice behind me that I realized I was on my elbows and knees with my legs spread and ass in the air!
"You about done? I need to check out your work before we move on."
My work? Instantly I felt a flush of excitement and shame as I realized the up close and personal view I'd just given him. God, my pussy was probably totally open to him. I was trying to pretend it was no big deal, so I just looked over my shoulder and called out the peaks and averages from the data. Internally, my brain was screaming, "Don't move... don't cover up. Don't even close your legs. You'll just call more attention to how lewd this is." I'm not sure who I was kidding. My pussy was wet. Really wet. But was that a hint of a tent in his shorts? How long had he been standing there?
Oh, god... I need him to fuck me.
As slowly and nonchalantly as I could manage, I got up and handed him the tablet to check I'd entered the data correctly. It was all I could do to stop from shaking as I stepped past him to pack up.
It was hot. Really hot. Another reason to be happy I was naked. Thankfully we'd had tree cover for most of the hike so far. Around the bend, though, it opened up into a large prairie with rustling grasses flanking the trail. I had to pause in awe at just how beautiful it is up there. This side of the mountain isn't where the famous photos are taken, but it is breathtaking nonetheless.
I could really feel the sun almost instantly. It was a good feeling, but the rays were strong as we approached midday. Chris shimmied out of his backpack and started rummaging through it.
"You're going to need sunscreen or you're going to hate life later."
He was totally right, especially with all the bits on display that don't normally see the sun. As I stared off into the hillside, from behind me he said, "Arms up!" and started to rub the cream into my shoulders and back. I shivered involuntarily and not 'cause I was cold! His hands felt so fucking good on me that I kept biting my lip to keep from moaning. As he worked further down my back, I wondered when he would stop... and hoped that he wouldn't. Just shy of my ass he began working back upwards and I realized I was disappointed. But as he worked more lotion in around my sides his finger tips lightly grazed the sides of my breasts and I let out an audible sigh.
Without ceremony he cupped my ass and worked the sunscreen in, all business. It was only for a moment and then he skipped to my ankles. His hands felt heavenly on my calves, especially after our hike so far. I felt like I was on fire. When he reached my knee he nudged my legs apart slightly and sunk his fingers into my thighs, going all the way up!
I still had no idea what he was thinking or where this was all headed. I was mortified but flushed as his fingers grazed my pussy lips when he reached the top. I knew he now knew how wet I was. And he knew I knew. Yet, he still said nothing. As quickly as he arrived, he switched to the other leg and started all over. Working up over my ass, he worked his hands around my hips. I love how strong his hands were. I momentarily lost my balance as his hands were pulling me towards him then away, working the cream back and forth. An image flashed through my mind--I'm on my hands and knees again back at the site, only this time he's fucking me hard from behind and his hands are pulling me up and down on his cock.
The anticipation was killing me as I wondered if he was going to finish the job. Playing a little grab ass might be a funny prank to him. I reminded myself that I still had no idea where he would draw the line. Nope... shouldn't have worried; he spun me around and started in on the fronts of my legs. His poker face was unbelievable. Completely expressionless. And only inches away from my pussy. Shins. Thighs. Check. Then on to my arms. I tried to match his calm as we were face to face, just looking at the protected woods from where we'd come.
I was sure I was completely failing to look like it wasn't driving me insane as he squirted a big glob of sunscreen right between my tits, streaking them with unmistakeable double entendre. I gave up all pretense that I was above this as he worked my tits roughly with his palms. Low moans escaped my lips as he squatted down and worked my stomach, covering the last few remaining inches of exposed skin. The sunscreen caught in my thin landing strip so he had to work it in a little harder, lingering til it was gone.
This is it. The moment. He's going to touch me. Please! Please do it. I thought I might just come as soon as he touched my clit.
But wasn't to be. He took one soft swipe over my pussy lips, just enough so that I spread my legs a bit more instinctively.
And then he was gone.
I was literally panting. I was right on the edge and he knew it. My hips thrust forward to try to maintain the contact. Instead he stood up and turned back to his pack, closing it up and slinging it over his shoulder. Reaching down, he pushed my pack toward me. I was still standing arms extended, slightly spread eagle, chest rising and falling rapidly, wondering what just happened.
With barely a smirk, he just said, "Time to go." How could he ignore my disappointment--that I was obviously on the edge of an orgasm?!? I'll never know. And just like that, he was off up the trail. It was a few moments before I could collect myself enough to shoulder my pack and follow.
I walked on in a fog, unaware how much further we'd come when Chris stopped at a crest. Once I caught up I was surprised by the most beautiful scene I'd ever experienced. The prairie gave way to a rocky outcrop where I could see the rest of the range for the first time. Below, a lake I didn't know existed was the most amazing shade of blue. I couldn't even speak. The ache in my pussy was momentarily forgotten. It was a moment I'll remember forever.
"Go on... let's get your picture." He nudged me forward gently. I turned to him with tears of gratitude, unable to say anything. He just squeezed my hand and said, "This was a detour, but I knew that this was the photo you wanted."
I threw my arms around him and squeezed him tightly, barely able to say, "Thank you!" as my heart caught in my throat. Pressing against him felt more intimate than when he was working me into a sunscreen-coated frenzy, so I just held him for a moment. I could feel the obvious bulge of a hardening cock pressed against my stomach but there was something beyond sex about the moment.
"Go."
I walked out to the edge of the outcropping and spread my arms wide. I felt like I was floating, wind flowing through my hair, naked as I'd ever been. This scene belongs to me. For an instant, all of this is mine--the wind, the rocks, the lake, distant peaks. Mine--one with nature. There is nowhere else in the world that matters. I don't know how long I stood there, but finally, reluctantly, I turned and joined him back near the trail.
"Is it all you dreamed it would be?"
"Better. Unbelievable. This is just amazing."
The photo was incredible. I couldn't believe my eyes. I knew that this was going to get framed and hung on my wall. I'd never been so proud.
"Send it to him. He's probably dying to know what's going on." The smile was kind now, caring, and warm. There was no sarcasm or stoicism.
[pic]
That's... that's just amazing! I've never seen anything like it. How did it feel?
Like I'm the only one here. Like it is all mine.
Thank you babe. I don't even know how to describe today, but just thank you. It's been a great day so far.
Excellent. Now get back to work! Love you. Call me when you get home.
Ok. Love you too.
When I was done putting my phone away in my pack, Chris was just starting to unbutton his service shirt.
"Turn around."
"Why? Watcha doin?"
"Changing into something lighter weight. But you don't get to watch."
"Awwwww."
"You're not allowed to see. You're the only one going naked today--not me."
Disappointed and a bit pouty, I did what I was told. When he was finished he added some sunscreen to his arms and away we went. I was on top of the world, totally satisfied with myself after the perfect photo. We were approaching the end of the clearing where the stones and grass met an even line of trees. I was looking forward to some shade and--hopefully--slightly cooler air.
And then I heard voices!
At least two men were talking to each other and they were obviously getting close. Sizing up the distance I realized I had no chance of making it to the tree line as they were clearly coming right toward us. Nowhere to hide! No cover of any kind. My heart started pounding. My stomach sunk.
I turned to Chris in a panic. "Quick!!! Get out my clothes. Someone's coming!"
He clearly hadn't got the memo on my state of emergency. Instead, he just shook his head no and stuffed his hands in his pockets.
"Quick! Please!" I was short of breath and felt the panic rising in my chest. I dropped my pack, grabbed his belt on either side of his hips, and began shaking him, trying to free his hands. "Do something." I pleaded.
"This is exactly what I'm doing. Something." I wanted to slap the smirk off his face, but that wouldn't accomplish anything. "You said I was in charge. That I decide. And I've decided. You wanted to be on display. So now you're on display."
I was on the verge of tears. No idea what to do at all. I turned over my shoulder to gage the distance of the voices. Much louder now. And then I felt his breath on my ear, "Wouldn't matter anyway. Your clothes aren't here."
I spun around with wild eyes and my mouth gaping open. "They're back at the first site--locked in the equipment box." He paused to let that sink in. "Now pull yourself together. We're about to have visitors."
After romping about the hillside for an hour naked as I'd ever been, I couldn't believe how shy I suddenly felt. As two hikers emerged from the trees, my arms shot to cover myself reflexively. I cupped one breast, pressing it into my chest while the forearm covered the other. My other hand suddenly felt insignificant and small as I tried to cover my pussy. I experimented with spread fingers vs a cupped hand. My spread fingers showed as much as they covered, so the decision was made.
I watched in slow motion as the hikers first were caught off guard by two other people on the trail. Then the looks of surprise--and lust?--as they took in the naked woman before them. "Well, um.... hello!"
Chris took the lead as he swatted my arms and shook his head at me. "Hi, how are you. Lovely day for a hike, isn't it?" I knew that it was rare to find hikers on this side of the mountain. The other side was more accessible and you require a special permit for overnighting on the mountain. It wasn't really a day hike to the best summit from this direction, so few people ever made the effort. I had no idea if Chris had checked the permit list before we set out. Given my state of undress, I wasn't expecting him to ask to see their permit. I'm sure he was also glad that he was out of uniform, so to speak.
They chuckled as they closed the final few feet between us. "Apparently so, maybe a bit too warm?" A nod in my direction followed. His friend laughed at the obvious intention, as did Chris. Shockingly, I was the only one not amused. But the moisture on my fingers betrayed otherwise. Another smack at my arms, but I wasn't budging.
"My friend here lost a bet and has to make the trek au naturel. But it seems she is suddenly a bit shy."
The other hiker chimed in, "We'd hate to spoil your fun, so no need to cover up on our account."
Chris did a quick scan around us and said, "Well, covering up wasn't part of the deal. I think it's only appropriate that she pay a penalty, don't you?" Before anyone could answer (or object), I felt myself lifted off my feet as he effortlessly scooped me up and over a shoulder. I shrieked as the hikers laughed, first kicking to free myself, then realizing that that probably improved the peep show by an order of magnitude. I clamped my legs tight as I tried to pry his arm with my one free hand. Sitting down on a large rock, he pushed me over his knee and held me down with one arm and lightly caressed my ass with the other. There was no mistaking his intent.
"Does twenty sound about right?" His hand connected with one cheek, then the other, surprising me with the intensity. "One. Two. Three." It wasn't until he reached five that I realized that the first few were nothing in comparison. Ass and hand appropriately warmed up now, he laid into me. I shrieked and pleaded, "NO!" without really being sure what I was pleading for, other than for the barrage to end.
Twenty felt like an eternity, but was probably no more than a minute. Chris's hand was replaced by heat and an intense stinging that seemed to cover my whole ass. He propped me back up on my feet unsteadily and stood to join me. My arms started to launch into the same position, but I caught myself, trying a few awkward positions before just clamping them to my sides. My other cheeks were streaked with tears and probably just as red.
"There we go. Let's let everyone have a good look, shall we?"
The shame was incredible, but I couldn't deny that there was something else lurking just below the surface. I'd been spanked before, but always playfully... and never without some element of control. Even though my ass was on fire, I knew if I checked that my pussy was soaked.
A long, low whistle came from one of the guys while the other nodded approvingly. "Much better", said the first. "Absolutely", agreed the second.
I jumped as I felt Chris's hand gently cup my ass. "Wow! You guys have to feel the heat coming off this thing." He gestured with a flick of the wrist, "Arms up. Clasp them on the back of your neck." His foot tapped my legs apart til they were a bit more than shoulder width. It was obvious now who was in control. He wanted me to know it. I'd never played submissive like this, so another new experience for the day. Hell, this was shaping up to be a whole bunch of firsts. Each of the guys took turns rubbing and squeezing my ass. That never fails to get me going, as if I needed any other prompting.
"Holy crap, dude."
"Impressive."
Without so much as a raised eyebrow to me, he improved the offer. "Go ahead. Feel away. Be my guest." adding as an afterthought: "But no probing. And don't you dare touch her clit. She'll probably go off like a firecracker with a slight breeze at this point."
I stared straight ahead, trying to remain expressionless as they discussed me like I wasn't even here. Like I was property. That's it. Like I was his dog, almost as if he was saying, "Sure you can pet her, but stay away from her tail." Oh god... maybe not his dog--his cat!--his pussy. I was *his* pussy.
They ran their hands over my back and stomach. Grabbed my tits and kneaded them. Pinched my nipples and pulled them slowly up and away. My breasts followed, relieving their weight and changing their shape. I have great tits and I know it. Barely any sag and just the perfect size, they sit proud. The pinch grew harder and the tension lifted them even higher. I bit my lip to keep from reacting, only a hiss escaping my lips. Harder! I rose on my tiptoes to try to relieve the tension, but it did no good.
A third hand, no idea to whom it belonged, brushed down my abs making its way to my pussy. I wasn't really seeing at this point; just absorbing the sensations and softly shaking in pain, confusion, and arousal. It dawned on me that I was back at the same precipice I'd felt when Chris was sensuously applying my sunscreen. Suddenly warm breath was on my neck. Low enough so that only I could hear, he whispered: "Don't you dare cum. Hold it in."
I nodded in understanding. Understanding and achieving were two very different things. The hand cupping my pussy reflected its heat back to me. I alternated between panting involuntarily and holding in my breath, trying to keep from going over. The hands tugging at my breasts retreated, but the aching in my nipples remained. They returned to maul the cheeks of my ass and a body pressed into me from behind, pitching me forward, only to be stopped by another broad chest. They pressed me, sandwiched, between them. A hard cock was at my hip, another tucked in the cleft of my ass, grinding rough fabric between us.
And then I was free. My eyes snapped open as I momentarily lost my balance and stumbled. Hell, I hadn't even realized I'd closed them.
"Thanks, man. We should let you get back to your... to... to whatever you two have planned for today. That was incredible. And you're right, she's gonna go off any minute. She's running like a faucet." He made a show of sucking a bit of my juice from a finger, winked at me, and turned down the trail. His friend lingered a moment longer, staring, obviously trying to imprint this scene in his mind. And then they were gone.
Chris took my wrists and lowered my arms. I relaxed a little and felt my almost orgasm slip away, beyond reach. He nudged me forward on the trail, picking up both packs as he followed. I moved as if in a trance along the trail and into the shade. We'd gone no more than twenty meters when Chris nudged me onto a patch of grass and dropped the packs. One hand held my hip while the other pushed me mid-back, pitching me over, bent at the waist, legs spread wide. I grasped the tree in front of me for support and waited for the spanking to resume, unable to tell if I was dreading it or yearning for it.
Instead, tnext thing I felt was the head of his cock pushing insistently at my entrance. It took only a second to coat it in my juices and push inside. I gasped in surprise and pleasure as he steadied himself, grasped me by the hips, and slowly pushed in his whole length in a single, slow stroke. His stomach flattened against my ass and I was grateful that he paused, allowing me to adjust to the fullness. Then he withdrew just as slowly until only the head remained. Slow strokes followed, my muscles clenching at his full length and relaxing as he pulled back out.
No words escaped my lips--I couldn't form them--only little mewls letting him now how badly I needed this. Once he built up a rhythm the thrusts came harder. I held fast to the tree in front of me as Chris pounded me, pulling me onto his cock with every thrust--pushing and pulling, totally in control. My body felt like a plaything. The tempo of our clapping bodies remained the same, but each thrust carried more force. We filled the woods with grunting noises, rising in volume with each thrust. I didn't care who heard us. There could have been a troop of Boy Scouts surrounding us working on photography merit badges for all I cared. I didn't care if the two hikers, whose names I never even got, snuck back and were watching us from among the trees.
No! I *wanted* them to watch. I wanted them to see me taking Chris's hard cock over and over. They didn't need to sneak. Come out. Stand next to us. Oh god.... where was this coming from? Pull out their cameras and film all of it. Send it to Jason. Yes! God, so good.
I'm not holding the tree any more. They're standing in front of me, cocks at eye level. Their arms are holding me up. I alternate back and forth, sucking them, licking them, making love to their cocks. And the pounding never stops. I'm pinned between Chris and them, powerless to do anything but hang on.
A finger roughly brushed my clit, bringing me back to the real world. "YES!" I screamed. He assaulted my clit, strumming rough and firm. I was almost there. Thrusts came faster, more urgently, his rhythm became erratic.
The cock in my mouth starts to cum. And so did I.
I imagined warm cum flooding my mouth, the jets in time with the waves crashing over me. I was bearing down so hard Chris had to force his cock back in with each thrust. My eyes were open but I see nothing. Only colors. Flesh tones. And my mouth feels as full as my pussy, filled with imaginary cock. The first one is gone now, replaced by another. I heard a terrible roar, then I could feel Chris cumming. The imaginary one in my mouth spurts in time with the real one inside me. Chris's hips were jerking and he was now just alternating his press against me, buried deep inside, without really even pulling out anymore.
All of these orgasms seemed to go on forever. I had no sense of time or place. And then I was trembling. My legs were shaking and Chris had to literally hold me up by my hips. No one moved as we both caught our breath. My body was covered in delicious fire. The silence was only broken by rustling leaves. I could smell tree bark and sex. I couldn't remember ever feeling so in tune with my senses.
He pulled my hips backward, changing my center of balance, so I could stand again under my own power. I let my upper body droop til my hands touched the grass and was reminded of yoga. He stepped back and I felt cool, despite the warm air where the heat of our bodies left only sweat and emptiness. Emptiness.
"Spread your ass. I need to see it."
His words sent a tingle down my spine. *His* pussy was empty. I could feel his cum already beginning to leak as I did as I was told. I held the cheeks of my ass wide, showing him everything. The silence was terrible. I needed to hear his voice--his approval. The moments dragged on. I felt drops of his cum fall to the grass below.
"Beautiful."
A sigh. Relief. Pride.
Finally he helped me up and I turned to face him. I was briefly startled as somehow he was already fully dressed. Was I disappointed? Not really; it only heightened the mood: the difference between him and his naked possession.
He looked happy. He's always an amiable person, but this was different. There was something else. Contentment! He looks totally at peace and content. I probably did too. He helped me into my pack then took my hand.
We walked like that in silence for a few minutes before the slope changed and we had to separate to step over fallen branches and rocks. "We really need to pick up the pace. We're a ways off the course I shared with the others and we still have one more site."
The rough terrain gave us an excuse to be quiet, but inside I was deep in monologue. Considering what just happened, I was amazed that there didn't appear to be any awkwardness passing between us.
My mind returned to Jason. No guilt, though--that's a relief. This was an amazing gift. You must have amazing confidence to give me this. This was, hands down, the most amazing sex of my life. I tried to be sorry. But I wasn't. I didn't want to be. I wanted to be joyous and grateful. I have never loved you more. It's because you did this. You made me scream like a banshee. You made me dream of a threesome. Foursome, actually. It occurred to me that in the fantasy, neither of the men was you. But there's no doubt that *you* gave me the best orgasm of my young life. Even if another man's cum was running down my thighs.
I tried to figure out why it was so intense, but finally gave up and left it to the perfect storm of fantasies, new experiences, and one last detail that I couldn't shake. I'd never felt so *owned*.
--------
We were rushing now, covering a lot of ground fast. Despite the heat I was energized by our lovemaking and I'd never felt better. Every so often it occurred to me that each step we took was still taking me farther and farther from even a single stitch of clothing.
The only time we broke pace was to cross a beautiful stream flowing through the center of a larger riverbed. The spring thaw probably transforms it into an impressive, rushing rapid. We traversed carefully only to avoid soaking our boots and were again on our way. The final site wasn't far and we made quick work of our duties and closed things up until the next checkpoint in a few months.
A squawk interrupted the last of our activities. Chris extracted the emergency radio and replied. Apparently a fast moving storm was moving our way that was going to bring a lot of rain. Hurriedly, Chris guided us a few hundred yards to the south where we found a large outcropping that would provide some shelter.
The temperature began to drop noticeably and then the sky opened up. The rain was intense. Chris wrapped himself around me to keep me warm (but never offered me the extra shirt in his pack). In a way it was more intimate than our forest rutting a short while ago. He was quiet, though, so eventually I asked why.
"The rain is going to cause that stream to swell and I don't think it will be safe to pass. That means we are cut off from the main trail. There's no way back without going several miles upstream. It's all easy ground, but I've been doing the math in my head. We're stuck up here overnight. There's no way we can get back before nightfall."
I pulled a map from my pack and found the site we just left. Tracing back the way we'd come, two things were obvious. One, the safe trail was beyond our current range. And two, the detour we took for my photo added a lot of time. Which meant we had some explaining to do.
We studied the map together and worked through our options. As the rain slowed then ended, we finally had a plan. Chris got on the radio and explained our predicament to Sarah on the other end.
"What took you so long? I'd have thought you'd have already passed Pine Creek before the rains hit."
"We had to detour. We spotted a momma bear with two cubs and couldn't take the chance."
"Dude! Why didn't you at least let us know?"
Chris swore under his breath and rummaged around for his phone. Hastily tapping out a text, he replied: "Crap, sorry. We texted you, but now I see that it never sent for some reason." Then he clicked send.
"We're going to have to hunker down up here overnight. There's no way we can cross the creek and going all the way round on Tucker Trail won't get us off mountain before nightfall. We're going to head west over to Site B for the emergency kit and camp there."
There was silence for a long time before Sarah came back on and said very slowly, "Chris, I need you to put Chloe on. I need to talk to her privately for a moment." While I was surprised, the look on his face indicated that he knew this was coming.
I waited a few moments before chirping the radio, "Yes? Chloe here."
Sarah's words were slow, low, and careful: "Are. You. Ok?" The implication between women was obvious. This was a moment where fucking up could cost Chris his job so I thought carefully before replying.
"Concern understood. Yes, I'm fine. I trust Chris. He's a professional. I'm not concerned. I'm more worried about our gear. We weren't packed for an overnight." Chris gave me a thumbs up. Address the issue, shut it down, replace it with a real concern. I hoped that she'd drop the matter.
"Ok, glad to hear it. I'm sorry we had to split up. That was my fuck up."
I interrupted, "It isn't a problem. This is part of the job."
"Ok, thank you for understanding. We wouldn't have set teams this way for an overnight. Again, I'm sorry. Don't worry about gear. Chris knows the location of one of our emergency kits that we keep for this kind of thing. It has everything you need for at least 3 days stranded. Owwww, ssssshit." I could picture her wincing on her end. "Well, it has enough supplies for one person for three days. You've got plenty of food, water, and there's first aid if you need it."
I could see where this was going.
"But there's a snag. It's just a one-man tent with a bag for one."
Before she could head back down that path, I jumped in. "Sarah, we're adults. We'll figure something out. Maybe I can get extra credit for demonstrating my shelter construction techniques. This doesn't have to be a big deal. Chris is motioning to me if it is ok for him to come back. I'm gonna call him over so we all can agree on the plan."
We spent a few minutes talking through our return plan and promised to radio immediately if anything went awry. Depending on our ETA, she offered to come meet us back at the launch point, but we declined. Chris's car would be waiting for us when we got back. She finally let us go once we promised hourly updates on the return hike in the morning.
-----
With our new waypoint, we were able to take our time. There was plenty of daylight for the short distance we had to cover. Chris explained how the equipment and emergency kits had been brought up by helicopter at the start of the project. There was no place to land, but they were able to lower them at strategic locations. When we arrived I understood why they came by helicopter. A bright orange, steel cage a bit larger than a dorm fridge was tucked under a large tree. The lock was a breakable wire connected to an e-perp, an emergency homing signal on a frequency that alerts emergency services. We'd already worked out notifications with Sarah, so we were able to switch it off after opening the cage safe in the knowledge that the cavalry wasn't going to come via search and rescue helicopter.
I immediately understood Sarah's concern once we had the tiny, one-man tent setup with the single sleeping bag inside. This was going to be an up close and personal night. Partly for cover story and partly because it was fun, I spent 30 minutes constructing a rudimentary survival shelter on the opposite side of the tree from the tent. It was really easy to get the fir branches I needed and rely on the rope I'd found in the kit. I snapped a picture and texted it to Sarah.
Boy's camp. And girl's camp.
[pic]
At least he should give you the tent.
We negotiated. He gets the tent, but I get the sleeping bag.🏆
After that I just sat on a small log I'd dragged over as a bench to think, staring at my phone. Chris came over and looked at my phone, then me, nodding in understanding.
"I guess I should apologize. Things kinda got outta hand. I'm truly sorry. I know you've got someone serious."
I smiled cautiously at him and reached out to lay a hand on his arm. "No, it's not that. He knows. He suggested it in fact. This was his idea because he knows me so well. And he's pretty amazing. I have to text him to let him know we're up here. I can't decide whether to tell him now or wait. This is really the kind of thing that I would rather not do via text."
"His idea?"
"Yeah, he knows the photo thing had gotten under my skin so he suggested it. You see, originally, Lauren and I had intended to sneak off and ask Sarah to take our picture. But when we split up, that ruined that plan and I was disappointed. I've been looking for an opportunity all summer and it hadn't materialized. This was the last chance. It's kinda a thing in my program. Everyone does one. I told him it was a horrible idea because of what might happen. So he sent me this." I scrolled back up and showed him my hall pass.
"If you want my opinion, then you should tell him it happened and that you can't wait to talk to him tomorrow when you get home."
"Yeah. I think you're right. I'm gonna do that now."
"Um, one last thing that I should tell you. You should probably look at your photos. There's another picture in there that I took without telling you. It was an impulse, but I figured it was your phone not mine so you can delete it if you want. I don't know what I was thinking. I'm sorry."
Since I'd already had him taking naked pictures of me, I wasn't quite sure what to expect. Perhaps a picture of me with the two hikers. My jaw literally dropped open when I saw it. I'd almost forgotten about the few moments after we finished. Staring back at me was a closeup of my ass, my hands prying apart my cheeks. My pussy was stretched open to reveal a big glob of his cum dripping from my lips. It was obscene. It was intimate. Unexpected. As unexpected as the flush of arousal that hit me in the same instant.
"I'm not mad."
"You're sure?"
"No. It's a freaky souvenir of a truly freaky day. I'm definitely not going to delete it."
He seemed surprised but relieved. I squeezed his arm, zipped myself into the tent, and began to write my text.
Babe, I have bad news. First, I'm totally ok--safe and all. But the detour to that site above took more time than we had planned. And then we got caught in the rain. The river isn't safe to cross now so we are cut off til morning. We've got emergency supplies so we will be ok for the night. I needed to tell you. I'm sorry. I swear this wasn't planned.
It took a few minutes, then I saw the fucking ellipses. He's typing. I held my breath.
Glad you're ok. As long as you're safe, I'm fine. You're sure you're not in danger?
No, we've got a tent, food, and we'll light a fire for us to cook.
Cool! Sounds like it is going to make an awesome story when you get back. This is exactly what you've been studying and training for, are you having fun?
Yes. Actually, the impromptu camp and shelter stuff was a lot of fun. But there's something else I have to tell you. The detour isn't the only thing that took up a lot of time.
I used my hall pass.
You did? Was it great? I hope it was all your dreams.
It was. It was incredible. I love you so much. Thank you.
I started to cry, not really sure what exactly I was crying about.
I can't wait to hear all about it. I'm so hot right now. Not gonna lie... I have to jerk off before I burst. I've been so turned on all day since our conv this morning. I haven't been able to think about anything else. I think I've imagined you two up there fucking every possible way.
Really? You want to know details? I wasn't sure if this was a don't ask-don't tell or not.
Oh god no, I have to have details. Is that ok? Is that too freaky? I'm a freak, aren't I? Normal boyfriends don't try to setup their girlfriends to get laid.
😍I love that you're freaky!!! I think I found some inner freak today, too.
Oh yeah? Can't wait to hear about that too.
Ok, but seriously... one more thing I have to tell you. The uh,✌️accommodations✌️up here are a little rough. There's a tent that's ***barely*** big enough for two and only one sleeping bag. I made a shelter that I'm going to stay in, but it's pretty basic. And, oh shit.... there's two more things! Thing two: we weren't supposed to be up here over night. So when you said Chris got to decide when I get get dressed, he locked my clothes at the first equipment site. I'm like miles away from my clothes and still naked.
Are you serious?????
Yes.. I'm sorry.
🤩Sorry? You're whacked. That's the hottest thing I've ever heard. Holy shit. How do you feel?
Seriously, you're not mad?
It feels pretty awesome if I'm honest.
Definitely not mad. It sounds like this has been a day of firsts. Love you!!
It has. But I promise I'll be good now.
Good? Why.
I used up my hall pass.
Used up? Hardly.
That hall pass is valid until you get off the mountain, ok?
Tell you what--that hall pass is in full effect until the moment you put an article of clothing back on. (Socks and shoes don't count.)
Are you sure you didn't hit your head? This is crazy.
When you get home, I want you to be walking like you just rode a horse down the side of the mountain. Understood?
I don't know if this is a one time thing or not. That's something we should talk about at some point with our clothes on. So enjoy it. Really get your money's worth.
Clothes on?
Well, duh... I'm not even ashamed. Im spread eagle on my bed and beating off right now.
Really?🍆
Hmmm... I am going to go, but I have two more secrets to share with you then. Just a tease though. You don't get all the details til I'm home. Don't cum til you get them both.
1- Right after that photo was taken, we met two hikers. I got a spanking in front of them and then Chris let them feel me up. When he was fucking me doggy, I fantasized that I was blowing them, spit roast style. Freaky!
Good thing you didn't, your hall pass clearly states you can fuck your boss, but not random hikers!🤪😜🤓
2-And I think you're gonna like this if you like freaky. Here you go. Love you. Talk to you tomorrow.😘
[pic]
Oh. My. God. Yes.
-------
I let myself out of the tent and joined Chris on the log by our soon-to-be fire pit.
"You look pleased. I take it that means it went well."
"It did, but I'm not ready to talk about it. I need some time to process. Is that ok?
"Sure. Why don't we get to work on the fire. We're having canned beef and potatoes. How does that strike you?"
"Delicious. I'm starving. Today really worked up my appetite."
Chris snorted and got up to start the fire. Dinner was fine and we made small talk. He was clearly trying to avoid any recognition of my nudity. The sun set and we had a beautiful clear night. The small crescent of a moon left it pretty dark, but soon enough our eyes adjusted and we were staring at a brilliant sky of stars. There's something special about getting away from modern life to appreciate how the sky is supposed to look. When the fire was roaring, I was warm and toasty but alas we had to burn it out to reduce any risk of fire spreading and I soon got cold. I moved to Chris's lap and he wrapped himself around me to share his warmth. Thankfully, it was reasonably warm and we weren't up in higher elevations or I would have been suffering.
"My conversation with Jason went really well. I gave him just the highlights and he was cool, excited even. I think we both just have a lot of freak going on that we've never really talked about. Hell, *known* about. Today brought that out big time."
"I'm glad. I'd feel bad if our day screwed things up for the two of you."
"No, I think this is actually going to open a new chapter for us."
"Yeah? How so?"
"We learned a lot about each other today. Good things. Things that are compatible. I think... I think I'm going to propose to him when we see each other."
"Wow, that's huge. I'm happy for you."
"Thank you. That means a lot. I really have a ton of respect for you. You've taught me a ton this summer. I finally feel ready for the new job. I owe you a lot."
"Ha! I don't know quite how to say this, but I think you've... um... paid me back."
Both of us laughed for a while. When silence returned I pulled his arms tighter around me. Soon, I felt the telltale signs of a growing erection in his lap.
"So, I sent him your secret picture."
"Really? Um, how'd he take it?"
"Well, based on what he said, I think he's jerking off until it hurts right now."
Another round of laughter completed the moment. I turned sideways to see his face. In a whisper I said, "And, I know we haven't actually talked about sleeping arrangements, but he informed me that my hall pass is valid until I put on the first article of clothing." I could just make out a smile on his face before he picked me up and hauled me into the tiny tent.
The sleeping bag was still spread out across the floor of the tent as I'd left it from my text chat earlier. There was no hurry this time, nothing to rush, no urgency to drive us to completion. He pulled his shirt over his head while I unfastened his belt and wrestled to get his shorts and underwear down in the tiny space. There was lots of bumping and giggling until we were stripped down. Last to go were socks and shoes, finally leaving us completely naked together. I was disappointed I still couldn't *really* see him naked, but it didn't matter.
Soon I was on my back and he was kissing my neck and breasts, kneading them firmly until I was moaning. It was unspoken, but kissing seemed off limits. I pawed at his back while he massaged and suckled my breasts. Eventually, one hand made its way down until he reached my pussy. I cried out his name and pushed into his hand as his fingers teased my lips open. He teased around my outer lips until I begged him to go inside. He flipped onto his side to get a better angle, which allowed me to nuzzle his neck while he rubbed me slowly towards a peak. Two fingers curled into and out of my insides while his palm worked circles on my clit. It didn't take long before I gripped him, shuddering through an orgasm.
He held still til I was a little less sensitive and I wordlessly nudged him on top of me. In position, he sunk in slow and I got to luxuriate in the feeling of being pressed into the sleeping bag as he filled me completely. We started into a rhythm that felt right. At this pace, both of us could last a lot longer. I played with his hair and curled up to suck and bite his nipples, eliciting a groan. Encouraged, I worked them over, licking, biting, and pulling until I could tell he was getting close. Satisfied I'd gotten him close, I laid back down and begin to circle my clit with one hand while pinching my own nipples with the other. I could feel the strain building in his muscles as he hovered over me.
"Cumming!" He grunted and buried himself to the hilt, cursing softly. "Oh fuck, fuck yes, oh fuck... so good. God you feel so good." Who doesn't love to hear that as their partner cums? I kept working my clit as he returned to earth, still deep inside me. He hadn't yet gone soft and I enjoyed being filled up as I got closer. This was by no means in the same league as earlier, but that was an impossible bar to reach. Still, this was going to be a good cum. My nerve endings were lit up, skin hyper sensitive, and my clit felt huge under my fingers. I switched from circles to strumming, faster, faster, then it hit. So good.
"Chris! Oh god yes." The spasms took me and my hips jerked against his body, gradually slowing until I felt an intense wave of warmth and calm come over me. I threw my arms around him and pulled him down to me.
"Am I crushing you?"
"Shhhh. Just rest."
Within a few minutes I rolled him onto his side and backed up to spoon him. Instantly I was asleep.
------
It was still pitch black so I had no idea what time it was. The length of my body was still pressed neatly into Chris's form, an arm draped over my hip. I could feel his cock nestled into my ass. It felt good--warm and safe, intimate. I was in no state to enjoy it, however. My heart was racing. The dream I'd been having had left me flushed and horny.
I was back in the woods. Chris was fucking me. Rough. Hard. He manhandled my hips wherever he wanted then, pounding my pussy and forcing me to gasp with every thrust. Slowly the two hikers stepped out of the trees. Everyone was fully clothed but me. The hikers unzipped and presented their cocks at my face like before in my fantasy. They passed me back and forth, each pressing their cock deep into my throat, almost fucking my face as I held onto their hips to steady myself. The power of the thrusts from behind and ahead kept me off balance, unsteady, dangerously out of control.
One of them cums in my mouth and I do all I can to swallow it. He pulls out and busies himself torturing my nipples like in the clearing earlier. The other takes his place and fills my mouth. Chris is building to a crescendo in my pussy and yells out as he fills me with his cum. I'm momentarily able to catch my breath as he rides out his orgasm, cock twitching inside me as deep as he can bury it. The second hiker is moving around behind me, seemingly done with my mouth for now. Chris pulls out quickly, causing me to cry out with the sudden feeling of emptiness.
I don't have to wait long as hiker #2 lines up for sloppy seconds. Sloppy seconds? When have I ever used that phrase? He pushes into me forcefully, filling me completely. His cock is thick and I feel it in different places than when Chris was using me. Chris comes around and I'm face to face(???) with his cum-covered cock. I grab it at the base, marveling that it is still hard, and lick it clean. Hiker #2 adds his cum to the mess that is my cunt. He joins Chris and I alternate between the two keeping them hard as hiker #1 takes his turn having his way with my pussy.
The dream seems to skip like a scratched record, as my dreams often do, repeating that scene over and over. They keep taking turns in my cunt while I fluff the other two. There's so much cum that I can feel it running down my legs. There's way too much--almost comically so--and I can see a pool forming at my feet. Sitting on the ground next to the pool is my hall pass, discarded and splattered with cum stains. The noise is obscene, squelching noises emanating from my core punctuated by the slapping of fucking bodies.
It's from this scene that I shuddered awake, already feeling like I was well on my way to an orgasm. Have I ever had a wet dream? I puzzled over the thought for a moment before deciding that it was a worthless question. All I knew is I needed to cum. I considered just jilling off, but I could hear Jason's voice in my head: "Really get your money's worth!" I wiggled free of Chris's arm and spun round as best I could in the cramped tent.
I gently tipped him onto his back and sucked his cock into my mouth. It started to respond before the rest of him followed. Blowing him fed the hunger inside me. I worked him into my throat. His cock isn't as fat as I'm used to with Jason, which actually made blowing him easier. It's long and thin and I worked up slowly to deep throating him. I was struck by the thought that he probably has the perfect cock for anal. Umm, what is happening to me? I'd never once considered taking it in the ass, but my subconscious was sizing up the possibility apparently.
The low mmmmm noise from the darkness tells me that I now had Chris's undivided attention. I took him to the root and tried to breathe through my nose. I waited until I heard "Fuck, that's amazing!" before coming up for air. I went back to licking his shaft for a bit. An arm snaked underneath me and maneuvered me around, throwing one leg over his head and grasping my hips. He craned his neck up to meet me as he pulled my hips down into a 69.
Momentary panic gripped me as I pictured what a mess my pussy must be. The tent reeked of sex and I could smell my pussy as he spread me open. But he didn't seem to mind. In fact, he began eating me like a starving man. His mouth was everywhere--sucking my lips, running a flat tongue from my ass to my clit, gently sucking on my clit. He even forced his tongue into me in a fucking motion that really got me going.
Any self consciousness I had about the state of my pussy washed away as he ate me with enthusiasm. I got back to business on his cock and realized we're no different. He tasted like cum, sweat, and pussy, and I was loving it. His odor filled my nostrils and the sheer nastiness of what we were doing set in. His thumb ground against my clit as he sucked and tongued my hole and that's all I needed. His cock fell free as I called out my approval. "YESSSS!" I seemed to hang on the edge for an eternity before I felt wave after wave of pleasure take me. I couldn't get him back into my mouth fast enough and began to suck him with urgency.
I took him shallow and gave everything I had to his cock head as he began to cum. Usually I deep throat guys to finish them but I had to taste his cum in my mouth. I'll never tell anyone that cum is delicious, but there's pleasure in it. It's tough to explain. I swallowed between spurts but let it coat the inside of my mouth. I actually snorted out a laugh as I realized how grateful I was that he wasn't cumming like he did in my dream!
Barely had his cock begun to soften when he flipped me over onto my back. I felt him spin so our feet touched. I could make out his shape moving closer and then he was kissing me. He forced his tongue past my lips and we kissed desperately. Instantly, my arousal was rising again; our tongues danced as if our lives depended on it. His face was an absolute mess and soon I found myself licking my juices off his cheeks, his chin, anywhere I could find them. I could feel his cock soft against my thigh, but he sensed my need anyway and rolled to one side. Holding me close with one arm he used the palm of his hand to press slow circles into my whole mound. I was probably too sensitive for him to go direct on my clit--but this was working! Soon I was there. I nuzzled my face into his neck as my hips rocked involuntarily into his hand.
My whole body was buzzing. There was no talking as we pressed against each other. Finally, I raised my head and met him for a long, tender kiss. With a sigh, I drifted back to sleep pressed against his chest and wrapped in his arms.
-----
When I woke I was alone in the tent, which made me a little sad. I took my time easing into the morning. Half awake I remembered our kissing and had a pang of guilt. There was no No Kissing! rule, but Jason and I never exactly talked about it. In light of everything else I did yesterday, this was the part that made me feel guilty? That was good to know.
The smell of coffee lured me out of bed. Chris had a small fire going with a kettle perched atop it. He poured me a cup and had it for me standing right outside the tent. I looked him in the eye, smiled, and then looked him up and down with a leer. Finally, I get to see him naked! And he was a specimen. Nice tan, good muscle tone without being too cut, a really cute (and tiny) tan line around his hips and crotch, perfectly framing a beautiful penis. Legs and arms very well defined. Am I going to look this buff after doing this job for a year? God I hoped so!
He let me look him up and down a few times before smiling and spinning. Looking back over his shoulder, he sniped: "Make sure you get both sides!" I playfully smacked him on the ass before he got back to business.
"We're going to have to get on the move soon or we'll have a search party out for us. I was just going to go wash up." I had to laugh at his dramatic, Vanna White-style presentation of a single bar of soap. "Sorry, but I checked the supplies and we are fresh out of shampoo, conditioner, facial cleanser, body wash, and just about every other product. All we have is guy-grade soap--a single bar that is for hair, face, butts..." He took a deep breath before continuing--"cast iron skillet, coffee kettle, and even cum stains on the sleeping bag!"
"Um, yeah... I think I need to join you. I must smell like a whorehouse right now."
His sheepish grin told me I was right, but he interrupted me mid-thought.
"Something tells me we both do. Come on."
He took my hand, which felt oddly intimate. That's something I still can't quite wrap my mind around. A short walk down a side trail and we arrived at a small lake--more of a pond, really. I was glad for the early warmth of the sun, but it still didn't prepare me for the water temperature. Both of us groaned in between sharp intakes of breath as we made our way into the cool, mountain water. I gave up on trying to get all the way in and stopped maybe mid-thigh to wet myself down.
Soap in hand, Chris started lathering me up. His warm hands feel good against the cool water. Almost immediately I was completely covered in goosebumps, though I can't be sure how much of that was cold water vs warm hands. Those hands started to wander pretty predictably, mostly focusing on my scrunched up nipples. I was pretty sure I could cut glass with them already, but the pinching and kneading didn't help matters any. I relaxed back into Chris's chest while his arms snaked around me. One hand slowly soaped up my pussy and--surprise-- I forgot about the cold. As soon as I began to press into his hand he was gone, working around my sides and back. There was a whole lotta grab-ass before a soapy digit slipped into my ass, catching me off-guard and a little off balance. It was a new sensation. I'd never really experimented with ass play, but it felt good as he gently finger fucked my ass. A little too good. I had a flashback to my thoughts from last night sizing up his cock for anal.
I gently wriggled away and snatched the soap. Turnabout is always fair play so after a cursory soaping of all the necessary bits I attacked his cock with both hands.
With a raised eyebrow, I asked: "Shrinkage?"
"Umm, yeah. Good thing you got a good look earlier, huh?"
"Yuuuppppp. Looks like this is helping though." My soapy hand job was having the desired effect. It only too, a moment before his cock was restored to its former glory. Pumping his cock with one hand, I raked the fingers of the other over the ridges of his balls pulled up tight to his body. I slip a soapy hand further back and treat him to the same teasing he subjected me to. There was only a moment of resistance before he gasped. I felt his sphincter twitch a few times and then my middle finger was in him to the hilt. He was clinging to me now to steady himself and moaning into my hair. But it was not to be... as soon as I could feel him give himself over and commit to cumming I left him right on the edge, his cock twitching in the air.
There was no complaining, but the look on his face was priceless. He clearly knew that he brought it upon himself. The rest of our bath continued in silence and was limited to perfunctory soaping and rinsing. Packing up the campsite was all business, until I saw Chris staring at the sleeping bag.
"Yeah... I can't just put this back in the kit. I'm going to have to take this home and wash it. I'll bring it back when I come back up to replenish the consumables."
"Sorry about that. I guess that's my fault."
"No apologies. Team effort!" He gave me a high five, just rolled up the bag, and attached it to his pack with a strap.
We made good time going around the side of mountain to make our way back toward the first site--and my clothes. At our first break for rest and water, Chris was distracted on his phone. I decided to do the same and tapped out a quick good morning text.
Mornin, sunshine. Not sure about you, but I didn't get much sleep last night! A bit of🍆💦🍑and a nice helping of😘😹/🥳🍆.
Excellent! In that order?🤪
Kitty with tears of joy?😀Bonus emoji points to you.
😀How're the blisters this morning?👉✊
Not too bad. That last picture of yours really sent me over the edge!
You're welcome. We are on the move already this morning heading back down the mountain to pick up my clothes and report in before Sarah sends out a search party.
Oh, yeah. I bet. Difficult to explain to your boss's boss why you're cavorting around nekkid with your boss.
No shit! But we're checking in with her often so there's no reason for her to get concerned. She was really sweet yesterday. Wanted to talk to me privately to make sure I was comfortable up here overnight with Chris. At this rate, we should be back to the car by 2 or 3 so we should be good.
So, it was a good night, huh?
<Blush!> Yes. Yes it was.
We fucked like bunnies before bed then woke him up in the middle of the night for round 2. I was having crazy-wild sex dreams so I woke up and started blowing him in his sleep. Once he was awake he returned the favor.
I sure hope you're still ok with this.
Sounds amazing.
Oh... so♋️did cum second, so to speak, huh?
Yeah. It was kinda wild. Let's just say Chris doesn't mind his🌮with all the fixins. Kinda freaked me out at first, but once I saw he was into it I loved it.
O_o
Man, you are **seriously** getting your kink on. Well done!
Indeed!
Well, time for us to get moving. Here's me on the trail:
[pic]
Love you!
Love you too!
"Checking in?"
"Yeah, just saying good morning and sharing an update on our romps last night."
"I think it's wild that your boyfriend is into this. Not that I'm complaining..."
"Surprised the hell out of me, too. We've never done anything like this before, but I can't lie... it is hands down the craziest sex I've ever had. So--I guess--thank you?"
Chris laughed and extended his hand to help me up. I brushed some pebbles and bits of twigs off my ass. Ouch, that was uncomfortable. The one downside of being totally nude out in nature is that there's no padding for delicate cheeks! Once we were on the move, Chris gave me an update on our route. We had some rough terrain to cover with a few steep paths we had to navigate down, but Chris promised me this was the best way.
Soon after the sounds in the distance gave me a clue as to why it was the best way. Faint at first, but steadily growing, was the sound of rushing water. The closer we got the more my smile grew. It was obvious that the rain had lasted longer on this side of the mountain overnight so there was a lot of runoff making its way downward. I was pretty sure he'd chosen a path with one more photo opp!
I turned back to see him trailing me with a huge, shit-eating grin on his face. He stopped me when we reached a fork in the trail.
He pointed down one of the two paths and said, "Give me the rest of your stuff and I'll see you in a second. Shoes, too--trust me."
We split up and I soft-footed it around another 100 meters before there was a sharp bend. What emerged before me was a beautiful waterfall. The water split into two or three main streams as it ran over a rocky outcropping 10-15 meters above me. The trail I was on let out onto a separate rock wall with another drop off below. I turned to see Chris in position below at a different spot where the other branch of the trail must have led him. The roar of the water made it impossible for me to hear him so he just started giving hand signals to get me into position. The rock wall wasn't directly in the line of the falls but it was still wet enough to be slippery. Finally a thumbs-up and I posed for the photo. I turned to see him nodding and directing me across the rock wall the opposite of the way I'd come.
I peered over the side where the wall came to an abrupt end. The falls continued around and under the rock leading to a tranquil pool six to eight meters below. I wasn't quite so sure about this, but Chris just kept nodding and pointing at the pool. It took a bit of courage, but I finally made the leap and cannonballed into the freezing pool. It was amazing, but fuck was it cold. I swam to the edge as my teeth began to chatter.
Chris extended his hand to help me up out of the pool. I had goosebumps all over and my nipples were hard enough to cut glass, but I was exhilarated. Doubly so once he showed me the photo he'd taken of me on the wall. Sadly, the angle wasn't right to catch my cannonball, but you can't win all the time.
Forgetting about the cold, I grabbed his shirt and tugged him after me to a flat rock in the sun. I hopped up, positioning my ass right on the edge, and planting my feet on either side. As my knees fell open the invitation was unmistakeable. Chris wasted no time shedding clothing left and right until he was bare, save his hiking boots and socks. I got to work rubbing my pussy and grinding the heel of my hand into my clit while I watched him undress. By the time he was naked we were both ready. After a few short strokes up the length of his cock I guided him to me.
He pushed in slowly so that I could adjust and coat his length with my wetness. I needed the build up, but low and slow was not what I had in mind. I used my heels on his ass to guide him to speed up. This was going to be hard and fast, like the clearing yesterday. It wasn't long before I was calling out over the slapping of his thighs into mine. His length felt so good when he bottomed out. I could feel his balls slapping my ass which each thrust. I reached back down to my clit and worked it feverishly as his thrusts became harder and deeper. His face was worked into a grimace that almost suggested pain as he tried to keep up the hard fucking I needed and stave off his own orgasm. Sweat ran down his forehead with the sustained effort.
And then over his shoulder my eyes caught movement. It took me a moment to find it again, but there it was. We had a voyeur, just off the trail motionless in the bushes. Over the noise of the falls I realized anyone could have snuck up on us and we would never have heard.
"Don't stop and don't look, but we have company."
"What?", he hissed.
"In the bushes, there's a guy watching us. Oh fuck... Mmmm. You feel so good. I want him to watch. Are you ok with that?"
"How can I argue with you like this?" We both cracked smiles. It was a fair point. I really didn't expect him to object once he was this worked up.
I slowly turned my head until I was looking directly at our new friend. We made eye contact and he froze. Panic was evident on his face. I just smiled and held a finger up to my mouth.... shhhh. Then beckoned him with my finger... come closer.
He looked unsure so I beckoned him again, nodding my head yes in unison. All the while, Chris kept up a steady rhythm and never looked back. Slowly, our friend stood up and climbed over the bush he'd been hiding in. He hesitantly closed the distance until he was maybe ten feet away, close enough for him to hear me anyway.
"No talking and no touching. But I want you to watch." Chris turned his had and flashed him a smile then ignored him. It was hard to stay focused on this new development with the steady pounding of Chris's cock inside me. I was panting now, slowing the circles on my clit, prolonging this as much as I could. Our friend moved up next to me where he could see everything, well almost everything. His eyes were locked on mine, obviously still not sure this was ok. I removed my hand from my clit and glanced down toward my pussy. His eyes followed then locked on to our union. He unconsciously adjusted his hardening cock in his pants.
"Take it out. I want to see it."
His eyes spun back to mine, eyebrows raised in a question.
"Take it out."
"He hurriedly undid the clasp on his shorts and pushed them out and over his tented boxer briefs. He gave it a firm squeeze through his briefs then pushed them down as well. He widened his stance to hold shorts and briefs around mid thigh and used one hand to pull his t-shirt up. He had a nice cock, average sized and arcing up into the air.
"No touching, understood?" He nodded in silence. "Jerk it. I want to see you cum."
The hesitation was gone now as he took the shaft in hand and started slowly pumping up and down. Chris was watching us both with interest now, but clearly this was my show so he said nothing. Our new friend released his shirt and used that hand to caress and pull gently on his balls. Since he was now basically standing over me I reached out and pushed his shirt back up. I rubbed my hand over his chest, keeping his cock visible and eliciting a low moan. My other hand went back to my clit and started buzzing it as fast as I could. Chris's pounding had my tits shaking in rhythm to our thrusts.
It was yet another moment of depravity, in a long series over the last 24 hours, that was so new, so lewd, and so good. I was on the edge now. And I wasn't the only one. Our friend's eyes were darting around wildly. I'm sure he didn't want to miss a moment of the action, but clearly was looking for someplace to cum.
"On me! Do it on me. Just not in the face."
Everything seemed to slip into slow motion. I dropped my hand from his chest and he took over holding up his shirt. He leaned in closer pressing his thighs into my arm and pumped faster. Chris's movements started to get jerky. With a groan that could have been mistaken for a howl, jets of cum leapt out out the cock over me drops landing on my heaving tits and dribbled onto my stomach. That was clearly enough for Chris.
"Fuuuuuucccccckkk. I'm gonna cum!"
"YES! Fill me up."
He gave himself over to his need and began to moan as he pumped jet after jet of cum into me. His balls emptied before the spasms subsided and his head rolled back on his neck in exhaustion. I could tell he was super sensitive as my pussy was still clenching while I kept up the assault on my clit. Finally, he couldn't take it anymore, pulling out and staggering back a few steps to lean against another rock.
As soon as his cock was gone I felt his cum leaking out of me. Looking down I was a mess. I had one load sprayed across my belly and further down I could see the creampie oozing out of me. I could feel it running down my ass. That was enough to put me over the edge and I screamed out in pleasure. My own spasms forced out more thick globs of Chris's cum that were now dripping everywhere.
As I came back to earth I saw the two men--two rapidly deflating cocks-- above me. Before things could turn awkward, I turned to our friend and suggested, "I think you should go. But thank you... I loved that." And so, with a smile, a nod, and a blown kiss goodbye, he pulled up his pants and disappeared off down the trail.
"Well, that just happened..." Chris laughed at my weak attempt to break the silence. He reached into his pack and took a photo of me lounging on the rock, trying to act casual while pretty much covered in cum.
I got up and slipped back into the cool water of the pool to rinse away the signs of our tryst. It wouldn't take very long to dry again in the sun except for my damp hair. I did my best to comb through it with my fingers so it wouldn't be a total mess once it too dried.
"Don't worry... I think you look beautiful."
He gave me a genuine smile that let me know he really meant it. Still I couldn't resist the slight jab, "Sorry, but I make it a point never to believe anything a man says when I can still feel his cum running down my thigh."
He feigned injury and a pout as he grabbed my hips and helped me down off the rock. Once my feet hit the ground he gathered me up into a tight embrace, burying his face in my damp hair. Like before, this simple act felt strangely more intimate than the frenetic sex we'd just had. After a long hug he pulled back and gave me a brief but tender kiss.
We both dressed in silence exchanging smiling glances. And yet it didn't feel the least bit awkward. I finished dressing first, of course, really only having to don socks and lace up my hiking boots, even after a quick cleanup in the pool.
I took a moment to send off another text to Jason.
[pic]
Waterfall photo opp... check!
Quickie on a rock to celebrate... check!
Random hiker who stumbles across us fucking and beats off while watching us... check! [Don't worry, there was no touching unless you count coming all over my stomach.]
[pic]
That is simply amazing.
From here it was easy going on the trails. Chris checked in with Sarah again to allay any lingering worry she might have had. It wasn't long before I noticed some familiar features and we met up with our path from the day before. The first site looked just as we left it. Chris went to the equipment locker and pulled out a neatly folded pile of clothing.
I was experiencing a confusing array of emotions.
First came relief. It had been exhilarating knowing we didn't have them and I had no possibility to get dressed regardless of whether I wanted to. The terror then shame then arousal from the experience with the hikers the previous day was so much more extreme with no way out. It was like the exhibitionist equivalent of Vikings burning the ships upon landing for an invasion.
At the same time I felt so free. I'd been naked for almost a full 24 hours at this point. It just felt good. Natural. I knew this was how nature was meant to be experienced. My photos had turned out better than I could ever had dreamed. It truly was a bucket list item fulfilled.
If I was honest with myself, I was horny too. My body was still ringing from the fuck at the waterfall and the exhilaration of having an audience, but it wasn't just the memory that had my senses going. I still needed more... which surprised me. I'd never been this *hungry* for sex before. It was like a combination of just coming down from a huge orgasm and being left hanging on the edge without one. Is this what tease & denial feels like?
Last came regret--a touch of sadness. Not regret that I'd been fucking my boss for 24 hours while my boyfriend was a thousand miles away.
Regret that it was over.
Chris stood up and crossed the distance to where I'd been watching him / staring into space, stopping just out of arm's length from me. "You ok?"
I smiled. "I'm amazing. It's been like a dream."
"A dream that you just don't want to end?" His eyebrow cocked as he left that last word hanging out there.
I started to respond but stopped... then again... then decided I didn't know what to say.
"Do I still get to decide?"
"That was our bargain."
Again with the eye contact! He's lucky he has those amazing blue eyes that sparkle with mischief, otherwise I think it might have been too intense. The pause dragged out seemingly forever.
"Yes.... that *was* our bargain."
And with that he slowly knelt and my clothes disappeared into his pack.
Electricity ran like lightning to my pussy. My nipples tingled. I tried to stifle a shiver that came out of nowhere. "Ok, we'd best keep moving. Almost home now." I stepped onto the trail as a fresh burst of adrenalin hit leaving me flushed. I knew we were back into risky territory now. Much closer to the car meant much closer to other hikers too. Getting caught by the waterfall was evidence of that. But alas, call it good luck or bad--we saw no one and no one saw me for the rest of the hike.
I guess I had expected Chris to pull off the trail before we reached the parking lot, but it wasn't too surprising to see him just step past me and march confidently to his car without so much as a glance in my direction. Pretending to be way more confident than I actually felt I walked up to the passenger door and waited for him to put his pack in the back. He seemed to be taking his sweet time rearranging a few things, unstrapping the sleeping bag from the pack, and who knows what else.
Regardless of how nervous I felt, I resolved to stand patiently without any complaint. Now, that didn't mean that I wasn't scanning the two trailheads or the rest of the parking lot. Thankfully being a weekday, there weren't too many cars around so that meant fewer people as well. After dragging things out as long as he possibly could Chris finally closed the back and walked up to the driver's side door. He paused to look at me for a moment before glancing down at the doors and adding, "Oh, sorry... it was already unlocked."
It was all I could do not to groan in frustration, but I enjoyed that he was still drawing attention to my nudity. All through both days he never quite let me forget it. And I loved how it prolonged that feeling of being on the edge--out of control.
We headed back towards town, but I still didn't know what he had in mind or whether he was taking me home. "Come on. I want to get back to my apartment, take a shower, and grab something to eat."
"I *hope* that you mean you want to get *me* back to your apartment, take a shower together, and grab something to eat." With the last bit I swung my legs open and started playing with my pussy. Yup... still definitely *hungry*!
He chuckled to himself shaking his head, clearly amused that I never stopped surprising him. At a stoplight, he pulled my phone out of a pocket and aimed it at me. I just kept rubbing myself staring into the camera. After a few more seconds I realized he was taking a video! The light changed without another car in sight, we headed through, and then pulled off onto the shoulder. He unlocked my phone (clearly I wasn't doing a good job protecting my passcode) and started tapping out a text.
Your girlfriend is a machine! She's completely insatiable man.
[video]
A video? Nice....
Wow... you're not kidding.
Safely off the mountain at this point. Sarah is none the wiser. Still haven't decided when I should give her back her clothes. I hope there's no hurry.
You kids have fun! ;)
20 minutes later and I was spread eagle on his bed with Chris's face buried in my pussy. There was a quick shower with a bit of grab ass under a blissful stream of hot water. I practically cried when he gave me a spare toothbrush. Getting into the apartment had been surprisingly non-eventful. And despite my mild trepidation, his bachelor pad was amazingly clean--even the sheets smelled fresh like dryer sheets.
This time we were taking our time--no rush, no frenzied race to cum. I'd let him keep me on the edge with my orgasm just out of reach. Then, I'd flip him and return the favor. That went back and forth a few times before he crawled up the length of my body and showered me with kisses every step of the way. He spent what felt like an eternity kneading and suckling on my breasts, which surprised me a little. He hadn't really paid them much attention previously.
As heavenly as that felt, I needed his cock. I had to pull him insistently up to my face where I showered him with kisses of my own. I loved tasting myself on his mouth as I guided him into me for what felt like the 20th time in our tumultuous day and a half. He sank in and then just held me for several minutes before starting a slow, gentle rhythm.
There was a nice casual build up. The hunger was there, but not overpowering me. When I came it was long and low, completely different than our other lovemaking. I managed to whisper, ""Don't change a thing." I just buried my face into his shoulder and rode it out while he kept the pace. When my orgasm had passed I just wrapped myself around him as tight as I could, then heard rather than felt his as he softly moaned into my hair.
We stayed like that until I nodded off into a quick nap. I couldn't have been out very long when I woke to him climbing back into bed with two sandwiches and colossal glasses of water!
We made pillow talk as we ate, completely relaxed. It didn't feel courageous anymore to ask about our late night session from the previous night.
"I have to say that I panicked at first when you started going down on me last night. I had to have been a complete mess down there. Thanks for not making it an issue. Your mouth was amazing."
"Ha! If I had been awake before you started I would probably have feared the same. No... it's not a big deal. I don't really mind it at all. In fact, sometimes I kinda crave it that way."
"Woah... freaky. I have to say that's the first time a guy has ever gone anywhere south after fucking me. Crave it, huh? So what's the attraction?"
"I don't know how to describe it exactly. Attraction probably isn't the right word for it. It's kinky... taboo... in a way, kinda submissive." He paused gathering his thoughts.
"The first girl I slept with, who was not *really* a girlfriend introduced me to it. She was hot... seriously hot... and way out of my league. Of course, she knew it. Still, I was a college freshman who'd always had girls fall all over me in high school, so I got ballsy and just strolled up to her on campus and asked her out. Initially, she said nothing and just had this funny smirk, so I got my first real taste of maybe getting shot down. I tried to rally and asked, 'So, would you like to have dinner or not?'"
"All she said was, 'Are you a virgin?' which, of course, I was. I'd dated a lot, but never gotten seriously tied down with any girls in high school. I never felt like I was missing out so I wasn't ashamed when I told her so. 'Would you like to fix that?' was all she said in reply. So, fast forward to a Thursday night and I'm lying in her bed with her riding me doing everything in my control to last a respectable time."
"When I inevitably unloaded a bucket of cum into her I nearly blacked out from the intensity. It was amazing. It took me a good 5 minutes and a glass of water before I could see and think clearly. But I knew that she hadn't cum. I didn't want to be 'that guy' on my very first outing so I asked her, 'Show me how to make you cum.'"
"She took me through the usual stuff, taught me patience and the importance of observing your partner. She took me back through all the elements of foreplay as she demonstrated and then had me follow each step of the way. Watching her arousal build was incredible and after I'd gotten her close with my fingers all she said was: 'And now you're going to eat my pussy.' I was hard again by then and hoping I'd get a shot at a second go. I wasn't thinking about anything other than pleasing her. It never occurred to me that eating her after fucking was out of the ordinary. I did it and made myself an eager student."
"Yeah, I'm sure that I tasted as much of my own cum as her pussy, but you see... I'd never tasted pussy before! I had no reference. I'd tasted my cum of course while masturbating as a kid. I didn't love it, but it wasn't horrible. All I knew was that I fucking loved how her pussy tasted--that it was all funkadelic and also had the remnants of my cum didn't matter."
"It wasn't until I bragged to my roommates that I'd gotten laid and eaten pussy that I realized that what I'd done wasn't 'normal'. All I had said was that we'd fucked and then she taught me a bunch of stuff including how to eat her out. One of them immediately snuffed 'Ewwww... you ate her dirty pussy?' I was quick and laughed it off, 'No dude... I just meant that she taught me all that stuff. Not afterwards! What the fuck?'"
"We 'dated' for a long time after that, but that isn't really the right word for it. We never went out or did anything other than meet at her apartment and fuck like rabbits. I knew she was actually for-real-dating other guys, but I didn't care. I was 19 and getting laid on a regular basis with one of the hottest girls on campus. It was clear that she had a dominant streak and loved to be in control. I always assumed that she was afraid to do that with her real boyfriends, whereas I was a blank slate to be molded and shaped."
"It meant that I went for the entire freshman year without an actual girlfriend, but...fuck... college is about education. She'd spank me over her knee, whip me with a riding crop. She had this toy box in her closet with all sorts of kinky shit. She'd wear these crazy catsuits and lingerie. Hell, she'd tie me up, fuck me while I was bound to the bed, and then scooch up and feed me a full load of my cum while I was powerless to stop her. I didn't *want* to stop her, but I soon realized that she got off on seeing me struggle and fight it. It was a colossal mindfuck and she ruined me for other girls for a long time. And she 100% knew she was doing it, too. When I wasn't restrained and I would eat her out--always after, never before--she'd tease me and ask if I did that for all my other girlfriends too."
"So, the fact that she was my first kinda set the tone. Over the years I've had a few girlfriends that were open to kink and I've learned how to make good guesses before I ask or just dive right in. Some girls are horrified and assume I'm crazy or gay, but I've always felt that I was dodging a bullet if they had that kind of attitude. Those relationships don't last long."
All through Chris's story I'd been staring with rapt attention, equally fascinated and aroused. When he stopped I must have just stared at him slack-jawed for a good ten seconds before speaking.
"That.... sounds incredible. Thank you for sharing that. It sounds like an amazing way to learn about sex. So... thank you for taking the reins, so to speak, and letting me have my submissive fantasy. It means the world to me that I got to do this and that I got to do it with someone who knew how to do it right."
"Look, I should go soon. I've been on this nonstop high since I got undressed yesterday. I want to stay the night so that it doesn't have to end, but I know it needs to at some point. I've taken every advantage of Jason's hall pass but don't want to push my luck. I want to go one more round if you're up for it, but I think my pussy is too sore. I have to admit that I had a slightly surprising thought pop into my head when I first got to size you up last night. Soooo.... Have ever done anal?"
Without so much as skipping a beat, he replied: "Giving or receiving?"
I suddenly had a very vivid image of the girl from his story shuffling up to his ass wearing a strap-on and realized that he had indeed seen way more of the sexual world than I had. "I was thinking that you'd do the giving and I'd do the receiving if that's all right with you?"
He laughed and said, "Suit yourself... they're both fun in their own way." He looked around the room, seemingly searching for something.
"Do you trust me?"
"Yes, why."
"You seemed to get off on relinquishing control. You're going to enjoy this more if you pretend you have no choice. It lights up a different part of your libido--let's you let go. No shame, no guilt."
I didn't even have to say yes as my face said it all.
"Ok, you're going to need a safe word. You know what that means, right? Ok. Yours is BLUE. That's all you need to know. Leave the rest to me."
I took the opportunity to hit the bathroom and freshen up while he made preparations. After that I wandered into the living room to see more of the place. It was kinda a blur when we raced in. With no warning, I suddenly felt strong hands grabbing my arms and roughly pinning them to my sides.
"You little cocktease..." He sounded pissed. It wasn't a tone I'd ever heard from him before. He spun me around and his face was intense... scary. Then quietly, his face softened and he whispered, "Blue." I nodded and his face changed again. He backed me up against the wall in the hallway right next to the bedroom door. He was on me instantly, kissing me roughly and forcing his tongue into my mouth. I tried to press him away, but he was too close and I had no leverage. My heart was racing. I was starting to sweat.
He roughly grabbed for my tits and groped them almost to the point of pain. I was able to turn my head to one side to catch my breath.
"NOOO! What are you doing?"
His voice came out as an angry hiss. "You think you can come in here, get naked in my apartment, get me all worked up, and then go? Just go? No way. You came here because you wanted to get fucked. You gave me your clothes to get fucked. And that's just what we're going to do."
His speed amazed me as we were through the doorway in a flash and he pitched me over onto his bed. I landed on my hands and knees, but he got my arms behind me before I even had a chance which tipped me off balance and face first into the sheets. He had my arms tied in seconds. Looking into the mirror, it appeared to be one of his neckties. His hands went to my hips as he maneuvered me where he wanted me. His cock lined up to my pussy and slipped in with little resistance. I was wet as hell, but still raw. Pleasure and pain. But he didn't move an inch.
Softly, almost in a whimper, I squeaked out, "No... please. I'm too sore." He held perfectly still as he grabbed my phone off the bed. I held still as he obviously was taking a picture.
Narrating as he was typing, he fired off a text to Jason.
[pic]
Chris here... I'm going to need a ruling here. Does this count as putting on clothing?
Ha! No. Go to town!
Thanks man, you're the best.
A lubed up finger slowly wormed its way into my ass and gently stretched me one way and the other. I relaxed into it; it wasn't that bad. More stretching and more lube before pulling the digit back out of my virgin ass. I took a deep breath when I felt the head of his cock at my ass. I bore down to try to keep him out.
"What are you doing?!?! NOOOO... you can't go there!"
The head of his cock popped past my sphincter and there was an instant of pain, but also relief. I did my best to relax my ass as he alternately pushed deeper and pulled back to add more lube. My assessment that his cock was "perfect for anal" may have been a bit ambitious. Despite the fact that it was long and thin--well thinner than Jason's--it still was big enough to leave me feeling fuller than I ever have before. I was panting and moaning. My mouth kept saying 'No' as my body was saying 'Yes'. I was surprised when I felt his stomach against my ass. Taking all of him in was easier than I imagined. I briefly thought of Jason's cock and decided it would be a long time before that thing went anywhere near my ass.
"Time to send these to your boyfriend so he knows what a little cocktease you are. Here you go, dude, I'm balls deep in her virgin ass."
[pic]
Your girlfriend is an absolute freak man.
It was just winking at me and I couldn't resist.
Jesus man, that's hot!
[pic]
Balls deep in her ass now. God she's tight. So good.
Woah..... To boldly go where no man has gone before!
Chris tossed the phone to the side and returned his attention to me. He grabbed my arms roughly digging his fingers deep into my biceps. He bent my arms further over my back, pushing my face into the sheets. It was just enough to be painful and made me cry out. Not painful enough to make me want him to stop, mind you, but just enough to make it impossible to ignore. Just enough, in fact, to make the cock in my ass feel really good as I adjusted to the intrusion.
I was feeling more tuned in to the role play so when Chris relaxed his grip on my arms I reintensified my struggle. I waited for the right moment and tried to launch myself forward shuffling out of his reach. It turned out to be a whole lot of effort for pretty much zero result and only made him laugh.
"You don't think I'm letting you go until I'm done with you, do you? We're just getting started."
Hands circled my hips, again digging deep, regaining control. Will I end up with bruises tomorrow? Probably... It dawned on me that the struggle only made the fucking more intense so I put all my effort into pulling off his cock.
"Oh god... you're going too hard. Too hard... Too hard."
Chris responded with a steady rhythm, nice and slow, but with enough power to each thrust that the room echoed with a symphony of slapping flesh and involuntary grunts. It occurred to me how lucky I was to have someone who'd been on the receiving end as well. Not to mention the fact how nice it was to have a man who understands that "harder" and "faster" are totally different things!
The rhythm was having an effect on me. At his point I abandoned all pretenses of resistance. My hips pushed back involuntarily to match Chris's thrusts. Between thrusts--when my breath wasn't caught in my throat--I was openly moaning.
"God, yes. Fuck my ass. So full. So good."
Chris chuckled patronizingly... "Oh, you like it now, do you?" An audible crack added to the sounds filling the room! I felt a hard slap on the ass, which instantly turned into a flurry of spanking. No warning came to help me figure out when or even where the next blow would strike. The heat brought back the memory of yesterday's spanking across his lap.
"God... I'm getting close. I can't make it much longer." His pace picked up slightly and the tempo was getting more and more erratic. The spankings stopped. A hand pulled the necktie hard, releasing me. Hands were back at my hips clutching me this time in the desperate climb to orgasm. "Cum with me..."
And then it had to be over.
"I can't believe that you are going to streak home. Are you sure?" Chris finished tying the tie for me and draped it between my breasts. I vamped for one last pic.
"Yup. It's late... there'll be no one out. Besides, it's the best way to end this story."
[pic]
All dressed and heading home. What a wonderful adventure! I love you so much.
I opened the door, keys and phone in hand, gave Chris one more brief kiss, and darted into the night.