~~Amanda~~
Morning comes and I'm met with the pleasant smell of a fresh pot of coffee brewing. Groaning, I stretch out as I look at the empty spot in bed beside me. My heart thumps, and I just know there's a small bit of yearning for who recently was laying in that spot.
Seeking for the fix to my aching heart I slip out of bed and shuffle down the hall to the kitchen. There Eva is, wearing nothing but one of my big shirts that goes down just enough to cover the bottom of her ass.
"There you are," I say, walking over to where she stands by my coffee pot.
"Good morning, Amanda," she greets me with a sunny smile. "Figured you'd want some coffee to start off the day."
"You figured right," I say with a grin as I come up behind her, cornering her against the counter as I rest my palms against it. I lean forward giving her a light peck on the cheek, the scent of her strawberry locks rushing to me. Her hair's a wavy mess now, yet it's still so endearing.
She giggles, turning her face so that her lips meet mine in a nice morning kiss. I just can't help but want this to be every morning. Being able to wake up to Eva in the kitchen brewing a pot of coffee, or waking up to see her beautiful green eyes. My guts wrench at how badly I need for this to be every morning.
But I must be patient. I need to be careful and not take things too fast. We have all the time in the world, and right now I should just cherish this moment. And I do.
Eva raises her arms and wraps them around my neck, fluffing my hair out with the tips of her fingers. Sultry eyes gaze up at me and the moment I drop my gaze I notice something.
"No panties?" I ask, quirking a brow up at her.
Devilishly she grins as she shakes her head at me. "Didn't think I'd need them."
"You were right," I retort, gripping her hips as I lift her up onto the counter. Spreading her thighs I look up to see her flushed face. "You're so cute when you're flustered," I tease, bringing my face closer so I can breathe in the sweet scent of her sex.
Rolling her eyes she crosses her arms across her chest, lifting her tits with the action. Through the fabric of the shirt I can see those perky nipples of hers harden. "I'm not flustered."
"Oh really?" I ask, never letting my eyes leave hers as my hot breath fans across her glistening folds. I bring my lips together and let a light puff of air brush across her pussy making those nipples so beautifully hard, and her face grows even more red. "You're blushing, sweet heart."
For a moment Eva's eyes widen, her face completely flushed, but quickly she bites back. "It's only natural when a beauty like you puts her face only inches away from there," she flirts, raising her eyebrows as she flicks her eyes down to her pussy. "Feel free to get closer, though," she adds with a wink.
"Pull out those pretty titties for me, Eva," I sing, bringing my face even closer. Ever so lightly I trail my nose up her folds. Eva shivering in response.
Gingerly Eva lightly runs her fingertips over the hem of the shirt, raising it slightly before bringing it back down. She teases me with the sight of her stomach before covering it right again. Then again with the underside of her breasts before hiding those once again with a giggle that spreads right up into her mischievous eyes.
"Eva," I sing warningly, my eyes darting up to meet hers. "If you want me to lick this pussy you'll do as I say."
Eva cocks her head, taking my words as a challenge. Resting her palms on either side of her thighs she leans down so that our faces are mere inches apart. "Make. Me." She lifts her eyebrows, her lips curling up into a smug smirk.
Reaching my hand around a sharply slap the side of her ass, Eva gasping in turn.
"Pull those tits out or I promise you I'll make your ass glow."
Eva's eyes dart to the side, pondering whether or not that's something she wants to bring about right now. The moment she makes her decision she sits right back up again, lifting her shirt up to her chin along the way. Going even further Eva takes the end of the shirt and shoves it in between those perfect lips of hers.
Twirling her nipples around she rolls her eyes at me, scrunching up her nose adorably.
"Good girl," I whisper, giving her a rewarding lick.
Eva gasps, spreading her thighs out even more and displaying herself entirely to me. She teases her nipples, pinching them and rolling them between her fingers, the sight nearly able to make me drool. I press a soft kiss to her clit before slowly starting to lick around it.
I lightly trail my tongue around her entrance, teasing her to the point where she glares down at me as she frustratedly tortures her tits even further, silently begging for me to give her more.
Slowly I bring my tongue up through her pussy, relishing in the taste, before spearing her dripping hole with my tongue. Eva moans, her head rolling back as she thrusts her hips closer to my face.
Outside I hear the honking of a horn, and this startles Eva, but one warning look from me keeps her going. Her hands remain playing with her tits and I keep licking away at her sweet pussy. Eva's beautiful moans keep me going, encouraging me to bring her to the edge, only to stop right before she gets over. Smirking up at her I watch as her pretty pink lips part to beg.
"Please," she breathes out. She thrusts her hips towards me as she rolls her nipples between her fingers. "I need it, Amanda. Please."
Grinning up at her I kiss the inside of her thigh, so close yet so far from where she craves my touch most. "You're adorable," I coo.
Groaning she thrusts her hips towards me again just as a knock sounds on the door. "Fuck." The word escapes Eva's mouth before she can even stop it.
"I should probably get that," I say, standing up, but having no intention of actually answering it.
"No, Amanda, please," Eva begs. She whips her arms out to snatch mine and bring me back to her. "I'm so close, please."
My heart flutters as my face flushes with warmth. She's so horribly cute when she's needy like this. Just a complete mindless mess for me. Goodness, I love her.
As I bring her hands back to her chest I move my head to brush my lips across her ear. "I'm going to let whoever that is in, then I can let you finish in front of them."
Eva audibly gulps, a squeak of a moan escaping her throat. She buries her face in my shoulder as I bring my fingers to start circling around her throbbing clit. "Fuck, please," Eva whimpers.
"Yeah, you like that?" I question, pecking her cheek. "You want them to see you unravel for me, sweet heart?"
"Yes, please," Eva whispers, shivering in pleasure.
"Tell me what you want."
Eva trembles, her chin tucking her into her chest. "Agh," she moans, quivering. "I want you to make me finish in front of them."
And with that confession I run my fingers over her clit, massaging it until Eva starts convulsing, shaking from the pleasure that wracks her body as another knock sounds on the door. Slowly I keep massaging her clit, pumping every last bit of pleasure I can out of her.
At the end of her climax Eva brings her hands out to wrap them around me. Quickly I return her hug. I rest my cheek atop her soft hair, brushing out her waves with my hand as I rub down her back. Softly I press a kiss to the top of her head just as another impatient knock wracks against the door.
Bringing her lips to mine we share one last kiss before I help her down off the counter. "You go get dressed while I deal with that."
Eva nods her eyes darting across my face. "Okay."
As soon as she's out of view I make my way to the door and forcefully swing it open, already pissed at whoever was trying to interrupt us. "What?" I snap, my tone harsh. Then I fully recognize who it is standing on my doorstep. "Ah, shit, sorry. You're Eva's friend, right?"
"Jess, yeah," she says, nodding her head. "She said she's here?" Jess asks, peering past me.
"Yeah, she's just getting dressed." I move to the side. "Come on in, she shouldn't be long."
Stepping inside Jess looks around, her eyes lightly combing over everything. "Sorry for intruding like this, it's just our brunch day. No getting out of it!" Sitting down on the couch she looks up at me with a familiar look of mischief coloring her eyes. "So," she starts crossing her legs, "What is it you and Eva were doing?" She wiggles her eyebrows at me. "I mean, it took a while for you to open the door."
I huff out a chuckle, my mouth opening to respond in some way but before I can Eva comes sauntering out in a lovely little outfit she pulled right from my closet. Blue jeans she absolutely rocks, a black crop top, and a nice autumnal flannel to go over it.
"Sorry for holding you up!" Eva sings as she hurries her way over to her friend.
"You better be!" Jess shouts standing up and grabbing her hand. "Now let's go."
Eva flashes me a cute smile and waves before shouting a goodbye just as she's rushed out the door.
As they're leaving I hear Jess's comment. "I know you two were fucking. You are going to tell me every. Single. Detail." Pulling the driver's door open she adds, "Over a fat stack of pancakes." And with that she pulls out and is gone.
I grab a mug full of the coffee Eva brewed before I loaf around on the couch, typing out emails and reviewing documents. Next to me I scratch Mochi as he purrs and bangs his head into my hand. If I so much as hesitate to keep petting him he'll walk right over the keyboard. Silly cat.
With Eva at brunch with Jess I'm now stuck here all alone. Woe. Her absence immediately is painfully clear to me. She's so bright and energetic. Take that away and the house just feels sad and blah now. I don't even know what to do outside of work anymore. This past week we've been inseparable and there's been more than a few nights she's spent here. I used to go clubbing in my free time, but even that doesn't appeal anymore. I only want Eva.
With a huff of a sigh I push my laptop off of me and onto the coffee table, then grab Mochi, pulling him into my lap. I pet his ears and rub his belly as he purrs. "You are adorable," I smile. He mews at me as as I squish his face between my palms. "What should I do, Mochi? What should I do?" I ask him in a baby voice.
I giggle and kiss his nose before letting him down to the floor and standing up. I know I want to get out of the house, do something physical. I can't go back to my boxing lessons. So far I haven't been contacted by Vanessa, but I don't want to do anything to change that in any way. Eventually I decide to take a walk. Just something to get me out of the house. Something that isn't work.
The air is brisk and dry, and I thank myself for deciding to wear my coat and thick boots. The walk is peaceful and the world is almost still with few other people roaming the streets and even fewer cars passing by. Eventually I come across a small bookstore and its welcoming exterior and cute window display lure me in.
I enter and am immediately greeted by the ringing of a little bell above the door and the warmth of a flickering fireplace behind the counter. The shop is cozy; quaint with rows upon rows of books. I walk along the aisles, my fingers brushing over the spines of the books, some being soft, some hard, some worn, some new. I settle upon a book with a hard blue cover and pull it out, flipping gently through the pages and reading the description, but before I can get far I hear someone clear their throat behind me.
I freeze, they sound familiar but I can't place how just yet. Slowly I place the book back on the shelf, my eyes catching a glimpse of Vanessa as I do so. Quickly, I turn to make my leave, the room suddenly feeling too tight.
But I'm stopped by a firm hand on my shoulder and eerie eyes greeting mine.
"Leaving so soon?" Vanessa asks, her voice a harsh whisper.
"I was just taking a look around." Wetting my dry lips I end the conversation quickly. "I do have to go now." I push past her and make my way to the door, the bell ringing as I swing it ajar. Swallowing, I decide to return home, the thought of having to deal with her again makes me feel ill.
Her footsteps soon follow me and I grind my teeth at the headache she's going to cause me. But she doesn't say anything, only follows, and I sure as shit don't want her following me all the way home. I stop in my tracks, waiting for her to catch up, and of course, she takes my stillness as an offering, arms starting to wrap around me like a snake.
Sharply I jab my elbow back at her, hitting her in the ribs and thankfully causing her to back off. "Fuck off, Vanessa."
Pouting, she runs up in front of me. "Amanda. I love you." She balls her hands into fists, teeth clenched. "Come back to me. Please. I'll do anything. I need you."
I tsk, crossing my arms over my chest and taking a step back from her. "What you need is help." I start walking again, whipping my arm back when she tries to grab it again. "Leave, Vanessa. We both know I can knock your ass to the ground like that," I state, snapping my fingers.
Vanessa groans, sending her fist flying towards me, and although I could easily grab it and send a punch of my own that would surely land, I only dodge it wanting to get out of this situation as swift and as smoothly as possible.
I don't so much as acknowledge her as I continue walking, hopefully this time she'll have caught the hint. Instead she stamps her foot to the ground and shouts at me. "Amanda! I swear to God if you don't come to me!" A gurgle of a scream builds in her throat, frustration clear in her voice. "That little 'girlfriend' of yours better watch the fuck out!"
Now that gets my attention. I stop clean in my tracks, turn on my heel and charge towards her. Nothing but pure malice is visible in every part of my being. I reach my hand up and grab Vanessa's throat, squeezing the breath out of her and shoving her against the pole of one of the street lamps. She coughs and sputters, nails clawing at my arm trying to get me to release, but even as my arm tears and bleeds and burns, it's completely unnoticeable when compared to the burning hatred coursing through me.
"You stay the fuck away from her or I will bury you myself," I grit. I stare her down, watching as she dances on the edge of consciousness. I squeeze tighter, trying to make my point undeniably clear.
Just as she's about to knock out I slam her head back against the pole and drop her. She sucks in deep sharp breaths, coughing and spitting and sputtering as she crawls around on her hands and knees. And there I leave her. She's too weak to follow or to speak, and that's just what I need.
Finally I can peacefully return home, and that I do. And when I arrive, Eva is sitting at the counter waiting for me. She greets me with a beaming smile and open arms, and I gladly wrap my arms around hers.
"I didn't expect you to be here," I start, smiling at her.
"My car's still here, and I wanted to see you again..."
A soft smile spreads across my face. "How was brunch?" I ask, shrugging off my coat and hanging it on the hook.
"Wonderful," she says, a sunny smile warming me right up. "The Halloween party is coming up! The one I told you Jess is throwing. It's this Friday, so we need to go and get something for that."
Jokingly I groan. "Awh, but I was just out." My cheeky grin lets her know that it's all jokes. She knows I'd do anything for her.
Eva chuckles. "Ha, ha, you're so funny," she states with sarcasm lacing her words. "Anyway, how-" her eyes dart down to my arm. "Oh my God. What happened?" she asks, gingerly taking hold of my arm and peering carefully at the scratches.
"Fought with a fucking wild animal," I groan, pinching the bridge of my nose. "Nothing you want to hear about."
Eva frowns at the marks. "Awh, Amanda. Let's go get this patched up then we can head out."
I smile at her. "You're so sweet, taking such good care of me."
She rolls her eyes as she leads me into the kitchen. "I know, I know."
And there she dabs at the cuts with a wet paper towel, crimson rivers sinking in and staining it. After washing she wraps my arms in a bandage so carefully and gently. I watch closely and carefully as she does, noticing how her eyebrows crease with focus, how she chews her lip, how her face scrunches up at the marks. She's so so perfect.