This is the third chapter in a series. I expect the series to conclude with the next chapter. While I hope that this story can stand on its own, it will make a lot more sense if you have read my previous stories "The Performance" and "The Performance CH 02." This story draws on some real experiences but is a work of fiction. Any resemblance to any real person or entity is coincidental and unintended. Thank you for reading my story.
*****
Megan and I didn't have the opportunity to start working on the show immediately. Summer term, with its reduced class schedule, was when most academics traveled to do their research. Megan had a trip to Paris and several other towns in France scheduled. I had research to do in archives in Berlin and in libraries in Tubingen and Heidelberg. It cost some money that I didn't really have, but I changed my schedule so that Megan and I could fly over and back together. I'd take the train from Paris to Berlin.
We were both in Europe for two weeks. However, apart from the flights, we could only be together the last weekend of our trips. At my suggestion, Megan agreed to spend that weekend in Baden-Baden. I spent some more money I didn't really have on a very nice hotel room in the center of town.
Eleven days was the longest time Megan and I had spent apart since we first met. I had really missed her. We played our own little "separated lovers reunite" movie scene in the Baden-Baden station that Friday morning. I surprised myself by how happy I was to see Megan again.
After I got Megan settled in the hotel and fed, we walked around the town. "Baden-Baden is famous for its baths," I said. "Do you want to try the Roman-Irish bath first?"
"What is that?" Megan asked.
I explained that it was a rather structured progression through a wash, steam, and rub down, ending at a rather nice pool. I also explained that it was coed, and that nudity was mandatory for the patrons. Megan liked that part, so we walked to the rather intimidating building on the hillside that housed the Roman-Irish bath.
I had not been there in many years. It was more structured than I had recalled. The building was rather dark. The clothed staff chided you in German if you didn't follow the prescribed procedures exactly or if you took too long. There were also more old men than I had recalled.
I think it was the old men. Before we had made our way to the final pool, which I thought made the rest of it worthwhile, Megan got a look on her face and asked if we could leave. With some additional chiding from the clothed staff, we went back to the changing room, dressed, and went outside. My spirits lifted a bit being back in the sunshine.
"Can we do better than that?" Megan asked.
"I think so," I replied. It was only a short distance to the more modern, well-lit, and airy Carracolla Therme. "The pools on the main floor are clothed," I warned, "but I think you'll enjoy their 'saunaland.'"
"If I need a swimsuit," Megan said, "I didn't bring one."
"I didn't either," I replied. "If I remember correctly, we can get suits good enough to get through the main floor at the spa."
My recollection was correct, although the suits were not what either of us would normally buy. Mine was a very, small bikini-styled brief. Megan got a tight-fitting blue one-piece. Neither suit had any lining. We'd be "decently" dressed, but the suits very clearly outlined all the features of both of our bodies. Megan looked incredibly sexy.
Megan looked at herself in a mirror in the changing room. She turned to me, smiled, and said, "Well, we won't see anyone we know here."
We left the changing room and went into the main part of the spa. It was humid, but comfortable, and full of people of all ages. The feature of this large, glass enclosed room was a huge pool that was partially indoors and partially outdoors, built around a fountain. The pool was full of people with many more walking around or sitting in chairs, either around the pool or near the bar/restaurant in one corner of the large room.
I led Megan through the main pool area to a spiral staircase. We climbed up and came to a landing facing a solid door. On the door was a sign that said "Nudity Mandatory" in four languages. I opened the door and let Megan walk in. Just in front of us were plastic shelves against a wall. A middle-aged couple were standing in front of the shelves putting their suits back on. The "saunaland" was also busy. The difference from downstairs was that everyone except the staff was nude.
Megan and I peeled our thin swimsuits off. I led her into the shower. We showered next to a boy and girl who appeared to be in their very early twenties. They also looked like they might be brother and sister. That impression was reinforced when a middle-aged woman put her head into the shower and told them that they had to hurry because they need to meet Aunt Katy in an hour.
I took Megan through a succession of sauna at different temperatures. We weren't alone in any of them, but the crowd was a mix of men and women rather than the virtually all-male clientele we'd encountered at the other spa.
After we'd had enough heat for a while, we showered again. In the center of the room was a Jacuzzi and several footbaths with chairs around them. There was also a small bar. That had been closed during my previous visits but was staffed that day. I'd had the presence of mind to carry a small vinyl pouch with about twenty Euro in it. I bought us both beers. We picked two chairs, spread out our towels, and enjoyed a footbath as we sipped out beers.
A few minutes later, a couple who seemed a few years younger than us came up. Both the man and woman had robes on. They asked in German if the chairs next to us were taken. I said no. They took off their robes and sat down. After a few minutes, the woman reached into her robe, pulled out some money, and asked the man to get her a beer. He walked nude up to the bar and brought back two beers.
After a couple of sips of beer, the woman said to us, in German, "It is nice to get the clothes off, have beer, and relax, yes?" Megan didn't speak German, so I had to translate. The four of us started talking. The woman and man were both lawyers from Frankfurt. They had come to Baden-Baden for the weekend.
Where we were sitting, we could see the entrance to the saunaland. People were going in and out, dressing and undressing, steadily. I wasn't paying much attention until I heard a female voice with a distinct New York accent say, rather too loudly, "Nudity mandatory huh?" I looked towards the door and saw two very attractive young women, a blonde and a brunette, in pretty conservative bikinis. I'm guessing they were both in their mid-twenties. Without undressing, they moved past the shelves and began walking around.
The two girls were soon accosted by an older woman in the white pants and smock worn by the spa staff. She said something in German to the girls. The brunette New Yorker responded, "Sorry. We don't speak German." That produced a bit sterner admonition in German to the effect that nudity was mandatory in the saunaland as the sign on the door said.
The blonde was just standing there as if uncertain what to do. The brunette started to walk past the staff woman. The woman reached out a muscular arm and stopped the brunette. In heavily accented English, the staffer said, "Clothes must be off. Naked only!"
The brunette looked very offended and somewhat angry. She wisely decided, however, that she didn't want to extend the confrontation with the stout woman staffer. The brunette turned to her friend and said, "No way I'm getting naked!" The brunette strode to the main door and forcefully pushed it open, almost hitting a couple coming in. She elbowed her way past them and started down the steps.
The woman sitting with us said, with a chuckle, "Americans are such prudes."
The blonde was still standing there. The staff woman started staring at her. The blonde looked around. She hesitantly walked over to the shelves. She stopped and looked around again. She took a deep breath. She turned to face the shelves and slowly took her bikini top off. She put her top on a shelf and stopped. She turned around again to look over the saunaland, revealing two very nice bare breasts with very prominent tan lines. She turned back to face the shelves and slowly pushed her bottoms down. Her ass, which was also nice, also had very pronounced tan lines. She pulled her bottoms off her feet and put them on the shelf. She grabbed a towel and wrapped it around her waist. She looked around again as if trying to decide what to do now that she had her clothes off.
I was surprised when Megan waved her arm and called out in English, "Here, you can sit with us."
The blonde came over to us and said, "Americans? Thank God!"
Megan said, "Put your towel on the chair and sit down. Put your feet in the little pool in front of you."
The blonde hesitated but unwrapped her towel. She stood nude for a moment before sitting down. She was no Megan, but she had a nice body and a wholesome, girl-next-door face. Once she sat down, she said, "Hi. I'm Tracey."
Megan responded, "I'm Megan, this is Harry, and," she nodded to the two Frankfurt lawyers, "I'm sorry but I don't know your names."
The woman smiled and said, in English, "I'm Ute and this is Peter." To Megan and me, she continued, "I hope that I didn't offend you. You are both naked, so I assumed that you weren't American."
Tracey interjected, "Yeah. We're not big on taking our clothes off in the US, are we? Jen, that's my friend, is going to be angry with me. But, you know, I saw all these people walking around naked and I just had to try it. I can't do this on Long Island."
Ute said, "You Americans are much too, uh, conservative about going naked. There is nothing wrong with going naked, and it isn't about sex." She paused, turned to smile at Peter. Ute added "unless you want it to be."
Megan said, "Well, I'm a nude model and Harry started going nude in college."
Tracey said, "A model. You mean like magazines?"
Megan laughed. "No. I pose for painters."
Just then, Ute said, "I see some people coming in from the solarium so there will be chairs open. Would you all like to go out there?" The solarium was a lawn outside the saunaland that was positioned so that it was only visible from the woods further up the hill. There were lounge chairs on the lawn for nude sunbathing. Most of them occupied.
"Sure," Megan said and stood up. "Tracey, come with us." Tracey hesitated, but stood up and gathered her towel. She didn't wrap it around herself.
Ute said in German, "Peter, please get us another beer."
I asked Megan, "Dear, would you like another beer?" Megan nodded affirmatively. I asked Tracey if she wanted a beer.
Tracey smiled, the first time since she'd undressed that she hadn't looked scared. "Yes, thank you very much," she said.
Peter and I both watched as Megan, Tracey, and Ute walked away. In German, Peter said, "Three lovely women." I agreed.
The five of us sat nude in the afternoon sunshine, sipping our beers and talking. Buying her a beer had broken the ice and Tracey became very engaged in the conversation. We found out that she was 25, was a graduate of the City College of New York, and had an entry level job working for a county administrator. "I'm interested in public administration," she said. "I'd love to get a masters at the Kennedy School."
Ute and Peter were interested that I was researching for a paper or book about the reunification of Germany. I found their description of practicing law in Germany fascinating. I was thoroughly enjoying the company and I guess we were out there quite a while. We were interrupted when Jen, the brunette with Tracey stormed back up the staircase, saw Tracey with us, and marched out onto the lawn. "Isn't it about time to get dressed, slut?" Jen yelled at Tracey. Everyone on the lawn was staring at Jen, most of them unkindly.
I had thought from the episode when they first came in that Jen was the dominant one of the two women. However, in an even voice, Tracey said, "No. I'm enjoying myself. I paid a lot of money to come over here and, if I want to spend some of my time here naked, that is my right. I've met some very nice people. Why don't you get undressed and join us?"
"No way!" Jen yelled. "Whenever you get done fucking and sucking your perverted friends, I might be back at the hotel! Don't get a disease!" Jen stormed off. Angry is never pretty, but Jen had a nice body.
We all looked at Tracey, worried that she was ruining her trip. It isn't easy to travel with someone with whom you are having a serious fight. Megan said something to that effect.
"No," Tracey said, "Jen is just like that. She gets nervous when she encounters things which she is not used to. She'll calm down."
We all had another beer. Finally, Ute said to Peter in German, "We should go. We have to meet Iens and Marie." To us, Ute said, "We're having dinner with two friends in two hours. You are all welcome to join us." She told us which restaurant. It was just a few doors from our hotel.
After Ute and Peter left, Megan said to Tracey, "You haven't been in the saunas yet. You need to try those."
"Thanks, that'd be nice, "Tracey responded. We gave up our seats on the lawn and spent another 45 minutes in a couple of saunas.
As the three of us were getting dressed in front of the shelves, Tracey asked, "Are you going to dinner with Ute and Peter?"
Megan looked at me. I said, "Yes, why not? They seem like nice people."
"Uh, Tracey said, "May I go with you? I'd like to give Jen a lot of time to cool down before I go back to the hotel. I've got normal clothes down in the changing room."
"Of course," Megan said as she wriggled into the one-piece, we'd bought hours ago. "You can clean up in our hotel room if you like, Harry says the restaurant is close to our hotel."
"Thank you," Tracey said. She looked at Megan and me, now wearing the skin-tight unlined swimsuits. "Those are some suits," she said.
"We just bought them here to have something to wear downstairs," Megan said.
"Well, they are definitely sexy if you don't mind showing off," Tracey replied. She paused, then grinned. "Maybe I should buy one before I leave. What do you think Harry? You've seen me naked."
Landmine, I thought. "Um, well," I stalled to Megan's evident amusement. "That bikini looks very nice on you but, well, yes you'd look great in a suit like Megan's."
"Is he always such a gentleman?" Tracey asked Megan.
"Yup," Megan laughed. "My knight in bare skin."
In order to save time, Megan and I showered together at the hotel. Tracey was grinning when we came into the main room both wrapped in towels. Fully dressed, Tracey got up and went into the bathroom. She shut the door. A few moments later, she opened it and came out, nude, carrying her clothes. "I don't want my clothes to get steamy," she said, "and I realized that there's no point in modesty now." She went back into the bathroom, leaving the door open, and we heard the shower start.
Tracey cleaned up very nicely, and I was a bit chuffed walking along the street between one extremely beautiful woman and one very attractive young woman. As we approached what I thought was the restaurant, I saw Peter stand up from an outside table and wave at us. We went over and were introduced to Marie and Iens.
The seven of us spent, roughly, three hours eating a little, drinking a bit, and talking a lot. Marie and Iens seemed like good people, and Tracey held her own in the conversation. Around 11:00 p.m., Marie stood and said, "We have to be going. We have a bit of a drive."
"You're not staying over?" Ute asked, disappointed.
"No, we can't," Marie said. "We just came over to see you two. I can't leave Sasha with my mother all night."
After Marie and Iens left, we called for the rather significant bill. "Will we see you in saunaland tomorrow?" Peter asked.
Ute laughed and added, "That's all we come here for is the sauna and getting our clothes off."
Megan replied, "I can't think of anything better to do."
As we left the restaurant, Tracey said, "Shit. It's late. Jen is going to be livid."
We walked Tracey back to her hotel. Before she went inside, we exchanged the numbers for our European cell phones. Megan took Tracey's hand. "Good luck," Megan said. Somewhat downcast, Tracey went into her hotel.
I figured that was the last we'd see or hear of Tracey. Megan and I were both surprised when, about 8:00 the next morning, Megan got a text from Tracey asking us to meet her in an hour at her hotel. When we walked up to the hotel, Tracey was standing with Jen. Jen's expression didn't tell me much. Tracey said, "Jen said some very hurtful things yesterday. I wanted her to meet a couple of the people she insulted." I sensed that this was a continuation of a discussion the two girls had begun in private. I also realized that I had completely mis-read the dynamic between Tracey and Jen.
Megan said, "Let's get coffee." We walked a block to a restaurant that was setting up its outdoor tables. The waitress told me that they were not serving food yet, but she would be pleased to get us coffee, tea, or beer. We ordered four coffees.
As we sipped the slightly burned tasting coffee so common in Germany, Tracey had Megan and me go through condensed versions of our resumes. When we finished, Jen said, "Ok. I get it. You're successful people, professors. But, why run around naked?"
"Why not?" Megan replied. "Not having clothes on is definitely more comfortable," Megan elaborated, "especially in a place like a spa. I like feeling the sun and breeze on my bare skin. Harry thinks that I look good naked and I think he looks great naked. If someone else wants to look at my body, well, I take that as a compliment."
Tracey broke in. "Yesterday, after you had your hissy fit, I didn't know what to do. I looked around the sauna area and I saw a lot of people. They were walking, talking, laughing, drinking beer, doing normal stuff except they were naked, and they seemed to enjoy it. I thought that I had to try it, but I was really scared. It was all I could do to take my bikini off. As soon as I got my bottoms off, I wrapped a towel around my waist so no one would see my pussy. Only your lover is supposed to see that, right. Megan waved me over to sit with them and I had to take my towel off to cover he chair. I was scared again, but I did it and I stood there completely naked. Anyone could see me, and I felt like everyone was looking at me. You know what? No one attacked me. No bolt of lightning struck me. The world did not end. Suddenly, I felt so free and relaxed. I started talking to Megan, Harry, Ute, and Peter. They all seemed so nice and so comfortable being naked and it dawned on me that it is totally ok. I was glad to be naked. I'd have felt bad if I'd had any clothes on."
"Ok," Jen said, "I was a bitch yesterday and I'm sorry. What do you want me to do?"
Tracey smiled. "You know," she said.
Jen paused for a moment before saying, "ok."
"Completely naked," Tracey added.
Jen paused again before saying, more softly, "ok."
"We need to get to the spa," Megan said. "Ute and Peter were going to hold chairs for us on the lawn. I'm not sure how long they can hold onto them." Megan and I had our bags with us holding the suits we'd bought the day before, sunscreen, and some money.
"We need to go back to the hotel to get our stuff," Tracey said. "We'll be quick."
I'm always skeptical when a woman, especially a young woman, says she'll be quick, but Tracey and Jen were in and out of the hotel with their bags in no time. The four of us walked through town towards the spa. Having committed to go naked seemed to work a change in Jen's attitude. Instead of hesitation, I sensed that Jen was eager to get to the spa. Maybe that was my imagination.
Inside the spa entrance, Tracey stopped at the small shop that sold swimsuits, flip-flops, and robes. She started looking at women's suits. "But you've got a suit, "Jen said.
"Megan got one here that looked really hot," Tracey replied. She held up a bright yellow one piece. "That should work," she said.
"That won't fit you," Jen said.
"It stretches," Tracey replied and demonstrated. Tracey went through the suits some more and pulled out a red one piece. She handed it to Jen. "That will look good on you."
Jen looked the suit over. "It isn't lined," she said. "This will show everything."
"That's the idea," Tracey said sweetly.
"Oh, ok," Jen said. I thought I saw Jen biting back a smile.
The girls paid for their new suits and the four of us paid our admission charge. The changing room was unisex. However, there were rows of small cubicles with doors that locked so people could have privacy to change if they wished. My observation was that some people used them, and some didn't. Megan and I preferred to change in the walkway accessing the cubicles. Tracey and Jen went inside the cubicle next to ours.
Megan and I quickly undressed. I put on the miniscule suit I'd bought the previous day and then helped Megan into her new suit. It looked just as wonderfully sexy on her as it had the day before. We heard some giggling from Tracey and Jen.
After a couple minutes, Tracey stepped out of the cubicle and shut the door. Her new yellow suit did go very well with her blonde hair. The suit looked spray painted on. Almost every detailed of Tracey's body was clearly outlined. Tracey turned and we saw that the seat of the suit was a small strand of material between her cheeks that left both of her hips bare. Tracey turned back to face us. She giggled. "I didn't realize this has a thong back," she said. "How do I look?"
I looked at Megan. In unison, we answered "very hot." Tracey seemed to like that.
Jen stepped out of the cubicle in her new red suit. Like Tracey's, the suit fit Jen very snugly. Jen was about Tracey's height, but was a smaller girl with narrower shoulders and hips and smaller breasts. What Jen had was clearly outlined and, honestly, looked quite nice. "Girl," Tracey said, "you are smoking in that suit."
"I'm just going to take it off in a couple of minutes," Jen replied.
"Damn straight!" Tracey exclaimed. "Let's go!"
I can't say that Tracey ran through the main room of the spa, but I was glad that no one stepped in her way. Jen kept pace with her. As we reached the solid door to saunaland at the top of the stairs, I looked to my right through the opening to the solarium. Peter and Ute were there, and they had stuff spread on four lounge chairs, two on either side of them. Most of the other chairs were already taken and Peter made a gesture to us urging us to hurry up.
At the shelves inside the door, I quickly pulled my swimsuit off and helped Megan out of hers. I was intentionally keeping my back to Jen to give her the pretense of some privacy as she undressed in public for what I was sure was the first time.
I heard Jen say, "Please turn around Harry." I turned to face her. She still had her suit on. "If I'm going to do this," she said, "someone might as well watch." She started to pull the suit off her shoulders. "Nice ass, by the way," she added. Jen rolled the suit down her body and then bent as she pushed it down her legs. She stepped out of the suit, stood, and put the suit on a shelf. She put her hand on her bare left hip and faced me.
Megan was standing to my right, lightly pressed against my side with an arm an arm around my back. "Jen," Megan said, "you have no reason to ever be ashamed of people seeing you nude."
"Well," Jen said, "I certainly don't have the body you have. Tracey doesn't even have the body you have."
Tracey appeared, nude, on my left. She also put an arm around my back. I glanced at Megan to see if that bothered her. Megan just smiled. Tracey said to Jen, "You're right. Neither of us have Megan's body, but neither does anyone else. What we have is pretty damn good and we shouldn't mind showing ourselves when we can."
Jen gave us her first full smile of the day. "So, let's go outside," she said.
We sat outside talking with Ute and Peter for, maybe, a half hour before Tracey and Jen said that they wanted to try the saunas. Since neither of them spoke German, I was selected to go with them while Megan, Ute, and Peter held our chairs. We went through three saunas at different temperatures, but we didn't stay long in any of them. As we exited the third, hottest, sauna, Jen said. "I'm sorry. I know lots of people like the sauna but to me it's just too hot."
"I have to agree with Jen on that," Tracey said.
"Have you tried a steam bath?" I asked. "That's quite different from a sauna." The girls followed me into the steam bath. I don't know whether it was the wet heat or the obscured vision, but the girls liked the steam bath much better and we stayed in as long as we could.
Coming out of the steam bath, all three of us had water and sweat all over our bodies. To be honest, Tracey and Jen both looked very sexy nude and sweaty. I'm sure it was self-delusion, but I thought that the girls liked how I looked that way too. Tracey said, "We need a shower."
There were about three shower areas in the saunaland. They weren't separate rooms with doors, just open spaces with showerheads. However, some privacy was afforded by partitions that largely screened off the showers from the rest of the room. The three of us were the only people in the shower area we chose.
We each washed under separate showerheads for a few moments before Tracey said, with only a hint of seductiveness in her voice, "Please wash my back Harry."
I looked around. We were still alone. I put soap on my hands, stepped behind Tracey, and began washing her upper back. I was surprised to feel well-developed muscle under Tracey's skin. She certainly didn't look like a bodybuilder, but I surmised that the girl had some strength. As I worked my way to her middle back, Tracey suddenly bent forward, shoving her ass back against my dick. Tracey quickly straightened and said, with a giggle, "Oh. Sorry." I really didn't mind.
I stopped with the small of Tracey's back. As I stepped away, Jen said, "Well, now you've got to wash my back." The three of us were still alone so I didn't argue. Jen was not as muscular as Tracey. Her back had a much softer feel. A Tracey had done, Jen bent forward and thrust the crack of her ass against my dick. She held that position for a moment before straightening up. She didn't apologize but turned her face towards me and smiled. I guess I was flattered by the girls' physical flirting.
It was close to noon when Tracey, Jen, and I walked back onto the solarium lawn. I was conscious that I hadn't eaten anything yet that day. As if reading my mind, or maybe he was hungry too, Peter said, in English, "I think that you can order food at the bar and they send it up from below."
Jen quickly said, "I'll go back in and see."
"How are you going to order?" Tracey asked. "You don't speak German."
Megan said, "Harry, would you please go with Jen."
Inside, the bar was being tended by a younger-looking woman with red hair. She wore the white spa uniform but, instead of a smock, had on a knit shirt with the spa logo above one breast and the name "Elena" embroidered above the other. There was no one at the bar. I asked if we could get food. Elena said that we could and pulled a menu card from under the bar. Jen took the card and said, "I'll take this outside and see what the others want."
Elena smiled at me as Jen walked away and pulled a second menu card out for me. "What do you recommend?" I asked.
"I don't know whether you are familiar with the dish," Elena said, "but the wurst salat is very good." I had enjoyed that dish on previous trips to Germany but could never find it in the States.
"I'll have that," I said. We were speaking in German.
Elena made a note on a pad. "American" she asked.
"Yes," I said.
"Your German is very good, but you have a strong American accent," Elena said with a smile. I was curious what she considered an "American accent." "We don't see many Americans in the saunaland," she continued. "People in your country don't like to take their clothes off, do they?"
I laughed. Elena was right of course. What I said was, "My girlfriend and I definitely like to go naked."
"Which one is your girlfriend?" Elena asked. I described Megan as objectively as I could. "Yes," Elena replied, "I saw her when you came in. She is very beautiful." Elena wasn't bad herself, but I glanced at the wedding ring on her hand. Elena smiled and sad, "My husband and I like to come to the saunaland on my days off, or to the FKK park. We like to be naked too."
"He's a lucky man," I said.
Elena smiled again. "Thank you," she said.
Jen strode back in with the others' orders. Elena wrote it all down, picked up a phone, and called our order in. "Would you like beers too?" she asked. I nodded. We waited while Elena went through the elongated process of pulling draft beer in Germany. She set the beers on the bar. Elena totaled up our tab on her note pad and handed it to me. I was glad that I'd brought a lot more than twenty Euro with me that day. I paid the tab.
"You didn't have to buy me lunch," Jen said.
"In honor of your first time nude in public," I said.
Jen smiled. "Thank you," she said. "Do you think I should do it again?"
"Definitely," I replied.
Jen and I drank our beers and ordered seconds while we waited for the food. We chatted casually with Elena, who demonstrated very good English when she realized that Jen didn't speak German. The food came on a large plastic trey which Jen took, leaving me to carry six beers. Elena chuckled. "I would help you," she said, "but I'm not allowed to leave the bar." I carefully picked up the beers and walked out slowly. I was hoping that Elena was taking a long look at my bare ass.
The six of us talked over lunch, of course. We learned that Tracey and Jen had been friends in high school on Long Island and went to City College together. Tracey had studied government and Jen finance. They both had apartments on the Island, but Jen had a low-level position with a bank in Manhattan. "I love working in Manhattan," Jen said, "and the commute's a breeze. The problem is that the banks cut staff every time the economy slows down. I'm one of the newer hires. I'll be gone the next time they axe people. I'd like to find something else, but I don't know what."
When we finished the food, Jen volunteered to take the trey and detritus back inside. She came back with more beer. In fact, Jen found some reason to be up walking around every fifteen or twenty minutes. After about an hour and a half, Tracey said, "Jen, are you ever going to sit still?"
"Hey," Jen said, "I like walking around naked. You're the one who talked me into this." All of us were smiling, remembering Jen's tantrum the day before. Jen picked up on that. "Ok," she said, "I was wrong. Being naked with other people is pretty cool. I said I was sorry."
"We need to find someplace we can do this at home," Tracey said.
"That's a priority," Jen agreed.
In the middle of the afternoon, Megan and I went inside to sauna by ourselves. We sweated side by side for a while, showered, and then got into the Jacuzzi with our arms around each other's shoulders. Jen walked by a couple of times and smiled at us.
By about 6:30 that Saturday, I noticed that the saunaland was getting more crowded and the crowd seemed younger. Ute explained, "Many younger people come here on Saturday nights. It is a popular place to take your boyfriend or girlfriend. They are well-behaved, but it does get too noisy and crowded for us. I think that it is time for us to get dinner. We're driving back to Frankfort in the morning. Would you like to join us for dinner?"
To Tracey and Jen, Peter said, "You may wish to stay here. Many of the people coming in will be close to your age. You may have fun."
"We have to get a train in the morning, and we've been here a long time," Jen said. "May we join you for dinner?"
"Certainly, if you wish," Peter replied.
"To where are you taking the train?" I asked.
Tracey replied, "We take an early train to Stuttgart. We wait there an hour or so and get a train to Paris. Paris is where were going. I think that the train stops in Strasburg and Nancy." That sounded identical to the itinerary which Megan and I had in the morning.
"What times are your trains?" I asked. Tracey answered. They were on the same trains as us.
Megan said, "We've already ordered a taxi to the station in the morning, so we don't have to lug our bags (we each had large bags containing our work during the trip). Would you like us to stop at your hotel and pick you up?"
Tracey and Jen glanced at each other quickly. Jen said, "That would be great. Thanks."
As we were gathering our things from the lounge chairs, Tracey said, "Uh, could we shower up here? We can all wrap up in those big towels they have to go back to the changing rooms. I, uh, I'd really like to shower naked with all of you." That was no problem for Ute, Peter, Megan, or me. This time, I got to wash Megan's gorgeous back and, with her approval, Tracey's back again. The six of us walked through the main, clothed, room of the spa wrapped in towels and carrying out swimsuits in our hands.
We had a very enjoyable dinner with lots of laughter and some teasing of Tracey and Jen about their first nude experience. Megan and I both liked Ute and Peter and we exchanged contact information before we split up. I didn't really expect to hear from them again but, seeing Megan's mailing address, Ute said, "I travel to Washington, D.C. usually once or twice a year."
"Please let us know if you are coming to town and have any spare time," Megan said. "We'd love to get together."
We didn't have the same compartment assignments, but neither train was that crowded so Megan, Tracey, Jen, and I sat together for the entire trip through Stuttgart to Paris. We talked a long time. My initial impression of Tracey and Jen from Jen's little scene on Friday had been of a couple of airheads. I fully appreciated how wrong that was by the time we arrived in Paris. While Jen lacked some self-control, they were both thoughtful, engaging young women. We exchanged contact information with Tracey and Jen before we split up in the station.
As Megan and I walked to the cab rank, I said, "Nice girls."
"Yes," Megan said and then giggled.
"What?" I asked.
"Tracey really wanted to fuck you," Megan said, grinning.
"No," I said.
"You're than unperceptive?" Megan asked. "She was sending signals before we even left the spa on Friday. I thought about suggesting that the two of you do it, but I decided to keep you for myself."
"That is selfishness I approve of," I said. "After all, you're the greatest woman alive."
Megan stopped. "Better than Penny?" she asked. I wasn't sure how serious she was with that question.
"We both love Penny," I said carefully, "but even she comes in second to you."
"Good answer Stone," Megan said. Then she smiled.
Penny had asked to use Megan's townhouse to try to finish her novel while we were gone. She was there, naked, when we finally arrived home the next day. Penny's first words to us were, "Megan, this place is really great. It is so quiet! How was your trip? Come on, get your clothes off."
Megan and I left our luggage unopened in a corner. We both undressed in the living room. Once we were naked, Penny gave each of us a hug.
"Hey," Penny started up, "I've done some work on the show. My friend Adrian (an assistant professor of theater arts) knows an entertainment lawyer. The lawyer talked to me for free. He said that, technically, we're a private party if we find a privately-owned theater, only send out invitations and have no publicity, and don't charge people to attend. Consenting adults can do pretty much anything they want at a private party. His practical advice was to stay below the radar and don't attract any attention. I promised to invite him since he didn't charge anything. Also, Adrian's got some students who are willing to do sound and lights. They know what we're doing. All we need is to find a theater and make a guest list."
Megan thought for a second. "I may have an idea about the theater. Let me make some calls in the next few days. When are we planning to do this?"
"I'm thinking some Saturday night in September," Penny said. "Oh, Mom and Dad said they'd be in the show."
"How did you do that?" I asked. "I thought Jim was pretty strong on not wanting to be part of this."
"Well," Penny said, "I had to bribe Dad."
"With what?" I asked.
"I promised him that, if he and Mom were in, I'd have you give me a bare ass spanking on stage," Penny answered. "He liked that idea."
Penny had just touched one of Megan's red lines. Penny saw the look on Megan's face. "Oh shit," Penny said. "I wasn't thinking. I'm very sorry. We can't do that. I'll think of something else for Dad."
Megan sat silently for, probably, to full minutes. Then she slowly said, "No, that's a good idea. I think that Harry should spank us both." Warming to the idea, Megan went on, "If we position it correctly, we'll both be showing our pussies and assholes to the audience when we get over his knee. That will be fun."
"I like how you think girl," Penny said, "but, are you sure?"
"Yes," Megan said in a stronger voice. "I'm very sure."
"Wait a minute," I said. "Don't I get a say here? I'm not sure that I can do it. I love you both. I don't think I can hit either of you."
"Harry," Penny said, "you won't be hitting us. Just a few slaps on our bare asses, enough to get us a little pink. Think of it as the sexual equivalent of eating a hot pepper."
Megan got up and walked to where I was sitting. She sat down, straddling my thighs, and facing me. In a soft voice, she said, "Harry. This is another of our trust exercises. If I can trust you to spank me and you can trust me not to freak out, we can do anything together. Please? I'd never let anyone spank me except you."
After a few moments of silence, Penny said, "Come here and hug." Megan got up and then me. The three of us hugged naked in the center of the room. Once we broke the hug, Megan reached out and began stroking my dick. When she got me hard, she said, "Penny, would you please take Harry in your mouth?"
"Sure," Penny said. "What are you going to do?"
"Go down on you," Megan replied. Megan had never given Penny oral sex before. It took us a minute to figure out the positioning. We ended up with Penny on her back. While Megan was between Penny's legs eating her, I was on all fours above her face, crouched low enough that Penny could get my dick in her mouth. Penny and I came at about the same time. I kissed Penny, and got some of my own semen in return, and then kissed Megan, whose face was covered in Penny's fluids. Since Megan had not come, she got on the bed, spread her legs, and I went down on her. By the time we were finished, we had all ingested each other's fluids. We loved each other enough that we thought that was wonderful.
Through her work with art programs in area secondary schools, Megan knew some people on the board of a progressive, private high school in one of the Maryland suburbs. The school had a relatively new theater that seated 300. Megan approached them on the basis, "would you let us use your theater for something you'd rather we didn't tell you about?"
The school folks took a couple of weeks to get back to us. The answer was "If you pay a one-day rental of $ 1,000 and donate $ 7,000 to our performing arts fund we'll let you have the keys to the theater for one day and will tell our personnel to stay away. Whatever you're doing, you need to make clear, in the strongest terms, that you're not at all connected to the school. If you'll do that, we'll let you use the theater on a 'don't ask, don't tell' basis."
Eight thousand dollars was a lot of money to pay, particularly since we couldn't make any money from the show. However, divided between Megan, Penny, Jim, Helen, and me, it was $ 1,600 per person. As Helen said, "That isn't that much to pay to indulge your kinks." We agreed.
The guest list was largely the work of Penny, Helen, and Jim. All my friends whom I'd invite were going to be naked onstage with me. Megan had a few artist friends, like Evan, whom she felt comfortable inviting. We had 300 seats and ended up with a guest list of 295. Everyone responded affirmatively.
A week before our show, Megan got a call from Ute in Germany. Ute had to be in Washington the following Friday, the day before our show. She had a dinner with clients Friday but didn't fly out until Sunday. She wanted to get together next Saturday night, show night. As Megan summarized the conversation, "I told her that we were doing a show that night and it would be a little unusual. I told her that, if she wanted to come, she was welcome, I'd have a ticket for her, and we could get together afterwards."
"Who is she or he?" Penny asked.
"It's a she. She's someone Harry and I met in Europe this Summer," Megan said.
"Ok," Penny said, "what name goes on the ticket?"
"Ute," Megan answered, "U-T-E."
The day before the show, Penny and Megan went to a salon and went shopping. Megan usually just had her hair cut rather than styled. The styling done this time wasn't elaborate but looked very nice. They got manicures and pedicures, also very un-Megan like, and bought outfits for the show. "I know that the whole point of this is to take our clothes off," Penny said, "but the clothes we take off need to look nice." Megan just smiled.
We took the rather long drive to the theater that Saturday morning to pay the school and get the keys. We also met Adrian and his stage crew. Fortunately, it didn't take them long to figure out how everything worked. Adrian had brought a dozen wireless microphones that fit on your head with a very small tube holding the microphone in front of your mouth. I thought that we'd look strange wearing those while we were otherwise naked, but there was no other way to ensure that the audience heard everything we were saying.
The morning trip also showed us that we would need to be ready early that evening. The show was scheduled for 8:00 p.m. We'd have to pick up Helen and Jim in Virginia and be on the road by 4:00 p.m. Most of what we were going to do would be improvised. We thought that the show would be over around 9:00 p.m.
Penny had gotten a new blue and white print dress with buttons up the front to wear and take off onstage. Under that, she had a very sheer bra and panties. She wasn't wearing hose, but it was still quite warm in D.C. in September. She finished the outfit with a pair of electric blue high-heel shoes. "I think that I'll leave the shoes on," she said. "A nude woman looks more erotic in high heels."
I just did a vanilla suit and tie.
Megan was very secretive and insisted on getting ready by herself behind closed doors. When she finally came out, she wore a low-cut wine-red dress with matching high heels. The dress went with her hair perfectly. She also wore some very subtle make-up. Like Penny, she had opted not to wear hose, but her legs didn't need it. This was the most "done up" I'd ever seen Megan. She looked exquisite. I was almost sorry that she'd be taking it all off.
Penny, who had an SUV, drove us to her parents' house. Helen and Jim were ready. Helen looked great in a silky green dress, hose, and heels. Jim looked "business casual" in a sportscoat, open collar, and slacks. Jim sat in the front passenger seat as we drove to Maryland. Megan and I wanted to be together, so we sat in the rear bench seat. Helen sat with us. Megan and I held hands the whole way to the school.
It took two hours to make the journey through traffic. We were still the first vehicle there, save for Adrian's truck. When Penny had parked in the school lot, but before we got out, I asked Megan, "Nervous?"
Megan looked at me and smiled. "No, excited. I want as many people as possible to see you and me naked together." We kissed.