The past few weeks of my new arrangement with Paul had flown by.
In all my twenty-seven years, I had never felt more strong, attractive, empowered and had my every whim met with eager enthusiasm. All with the added bonus of teaching my stepson a thing or two about responsibility and discipline.
Saturday sun burst through the living room window and over the recliner I had sprawled myself across for the afternoon. I could hear the roar of the vacuum cleaner from the hall where Paul was attentively finishing his weekly chores, oblivious to the surprise that was on its way.
He'd become far more diligent ever since I'd caught him snooping through my underwear draw but I suppose embarrassment will do that to someone his age... He might be nearly finished with high school but that didn't make him a man in my eyes just yet. Seeing his tall lanky body chase after me had been fabulous.
I guess I could've had a simple, stern word with him or made sure to handle the laundry myself?
No, the passion he felt for what he found in there, the fear he had of being caught... It was too wonderful an opportunity to pass up.
Anything I wished for was now a scribble away on the list of Paul's duties, stuck to the replacement for my underwear draw -- a shiny metal locker securely tucked under the bed. I looked forward to visiting it each evening to lock away whichever delicate undergarments I'd worn especially for him that day.
I could feel sunshine kissing the skin of my backside, generously exposed from beneath the checked, pleated skirt I'd worn all morning.
Saturdays were the one time each week Paul and I would have the house to ourselves and I wanted to make them special for him.
I suspected he had a soft spot for my cuter, girlier outfits so I'd planned this one all week. My jet-black pigtails with fuzzy hair ties fell parallel to my cherry glossed lips, complete with button-down white top and schoolgirl style skirt. Rosy blush bordering my face, and because I thought they might be visible... A touch too for each cheek down below. I felt wicked feeling my makeup brush on my behind knowing the impact it was bound to have.
Underneath, the baby blue thong I'd selected had now tantalisingly disappeared between my cheeks. Paul had enjoyed an eyeful already this afternoon, but he hadn't appreciated his full treat just yet.
The piece de resistance were my new frilled white socks sat pulled above my ankles just shy of the anklet holding the key to our locker.
Unable to find the right size at first, I'd finally found them online a couple of weeks ago. The excitement had me wearing them every day for a week which meant Paul was expected to wash them each night and wake early in the mornings to dry them for me.
I was met with glorious little bags under his eyes that week, hung like miniature meddles of servitude. He made sure to get that particular job done in the bathroom sink to avoid any suspicion from his father with too much time in the laundry.
I was so impressed with him by the end of the week I couldn't help but thank him in a subtle but genuine show of affection.
Just before we were all heading off to bed that Sunday, I waited for his father to leave the kitchen before whispering a loving thankyou in his ear and placing a long gentle kiss on his lips.
It had been a rarely innocent moment of warmth between us, melting away the lust I had been fanning and any resentment he might be harbouring, given his new workload. He looked so chuffed when I lowered myself back down from my tippy toes, leaving him to bask in the wake of our second of tenderness.
That night his father Stephen and I had some of the best sex we'd ever had... Could Pauly know the effect he was having on my love making?
Suddenly I heard the roar in the next room disappear followed by the rattle of the vacuum dragging towards it's cupboard.
"Not just yet buddy, there's a bit more to do in here please," I smirked stretching my legs across the recliner, fixing my skirt at the front while leaving it upturned at the back.
After a moment I heard the rattle resume, getting louder as it approached. Paul's bashful face poked around the corner, his blue eyes searching frustratedly through curly, mousy brown hair for direction and finding none.
"Everything's all done Amy, I'm gonna wash up and then head out for the rest of the afternoon."
I shot a firm look of judgment his way, eyebrows raised. He might've had plenty of alone time with my undergarments while finishing the laundry but that didn't mean he was off the hook. Perhaps I'd have to make sure a treat like that would be the last thing on his agenda from now on.
"Pauly, Georgia's coming over to pick up the dress I'm lending her for the weekend soon. I think it would be nice to have the rug looking spick and span when she arrives." I gestured at the intricately colored tapestry behind me in the center of the room.
"Can't wait for my work bestie to meet my home bestie! If it helps you might get a nice view from back there..." I teased, a wink in my tone.
My ulterior motive was keeping him busy in the hope that Georgia would arrive while he was still catering to my whims. I had kept her in the loop with every juicy development in my household. The two of us giddily indulged in every ounce of effort Paul had put in for me while concocting new ways of making him squirm.
I peered down at my phone to see if she had messaged, while blocking out the sound of Paul begrudgingly dragging himself past me and turning the vacuum back on.
Feeling his gaze from behind, I rested my right hand on my hip, framing my exposed behind, the perfect muse for his effort.
It felt nice to be less subtle around him, a pleasure for both of us. My skirt served like a velvet rope in front of a painting. Tangibly small but symbolically powerful. Nothing past this point, I thought to myself.
I traced the crease below my right cheek with my middle finger, not wanting him to finish up too quickly. My lucky guy.
The sound of movement had stopped but the whirring noise continued lifelessly... I turned around to see his thousand-yard stare transfixed in my direction.
Smirking, I clicked my fingers toward him, snapping him out of his distracted daze. He fumbled at the off button delivering a moment of silence before I broke it again.
"I'm wearing the baby blue thong today Pauly. The one with the white bow on the front." I smiled, my eyes narrowing as he gulped. "There see now you don't have to wonder anymore, and you won't be so distracted!" I chirped.
Not wanting to give in to my taunts, his stare darted away as I scanned down for any sign of excitement between his legs. Was that a little bulge? I loved seeing my effect on him, not knowing if I wanted to grab it or take it away from him somehow.
A soft giggle fell from my mouth.
"You know Pauly, your eyes almost match my panties today... That's a bit cute don't you think?"
He nodded upwards in embarrassed acknowledgment, making me grin further.
"I think I even have a G-String that matches your cheeks when you blush... Might be fitting for me to change into that one don't you think!"
Paul leant over unplugging the chord to buy some time before having to respond. A buzz from my phone breaking the awkward beat between us.
"It's Georgia, looks like she's still a while away bud."
Damn, I'd have to keep him occupied some other way. I had plenty of alluring incentives left in my arsenal but he'd never admit to being interested if I was too overt. He needed something for appearances.
"Tell you what Pauly, Georgia and I might have a drink in the kitchen when she gets here, it would be nice to have everything sparkling in there too. If you wipe down the counters and floors you can borrow the car for the rest of the day. You might even get a special treat in your bedroom again..." He exhaled exasperatingly, looking up at the ceiling.
"Alright, I'll need wheels one way or another so if that's what it takes Lamey."
I grinned to myself, looking down at the silver key on my ankle shimmering in the sunlight, Paul's lumbering movement in the corner of my eye.
I bent my leg, moving my ankle closer. If I closed one eye, I could see the glimmering key in the foreground and the display of its power, out of focus behind it. After checking he wasn't looking, I slid my hand under my skirt for a quick moment, giving in to the heat I felt wielding my power so effortlessly.
*****
My hands shivered through the cold sensation of dirty grey water dripping down my skin as I rung out the sponge for the first time. Nearly an hour had passed since Amy had me start on the kitchen and my patience was wearing thin. I adjusted my knees, now hurting as they dug into the corner of the kitchen tiles.
I'd cleaned the countertops and nearly started on the floor before she kicked me out again to start making drinks. Wasn't it enough that I'd finished everything on my list? I could swear sometimes it was like she was slowing me down on purpose.
The past few weeks had been hard work but as much as I hate to admit it, she knew how to keep me going, especially on Saturdays. Somehow, she managed to look better and better, today's outfit being particularly difficult to ignore.
It'd been exactly seven days since I'd seen Amy so bare like that. Last week, she broke out a pair of denim shorts that sat so high, the white pockets sticking out from underneath were longer than the pant legs she'd tucked up her pert, tanned blushing ass. How was it always so perfectly rosy like that?
I suppose another fifteen minutes down here wasn't a huge price to pay if it meant one more glimpse up her miniscule, checked skirt. God, she looked good today. When I saw a black bra poking out from underneath her white top this morning, I wondered if she was wearing panties to match.
Instead of keeping me guessing this time she just came right out and told me. The light blue thong... I thought that might've been one of the missing pairs when I was doing the laundry.
I should've known after hand washing every teensy thread of her beautiful underwear week after week.
"Don't you think my pussy deserves the best?"
I could still picture the words tumbling out of her gorgeous round face.
What did she expect me to do when she said things like that to me? I didn't want to show any weakness but she knew it was there. Now she was offering 'a special treat' in the bedroom.
I knew what that meant. That little blue strip of material would be mine by the end of the day.
My eyes rolled whenever she'd tease me with anything like that, keeping her from thinking she had any real pull over me. Besides she thought I was just doing this for the car later anyway.
I heard a distant knock from the other end of the house. It must be that friend of hers...
I looked down at the dirty dripping mess around me. Amy had done this intentionally. If I ran upstairs, she'd only call me back down again.
"G-money you made it!"
Amy's voice whooshed out the front door and echoed back to me in the kitchen. I hadn't met Georgia before, but my guess was she'd be every bit as attractive as Amy. Girls did that for some reason, mixed with their own kind.
I heard an unfamiliar voice respond with a high-pitched tone of excitement and gratitude. She must've seen the dress Amy mentioned.
Hard clacking of heels down the wooden floorboards reverberated through the floor beneath me as I scrubbed. Definitely not the sound of Amy, still in those white frilly socks I had to wash everyday a few weeks ago.
The only thing that got me through that was the hope of repeating the day they arrived, when she had me put them on her feet for her. Not to mention that perfect kiss at the end of the week...
"Oh wow this must be Pauly!"
I glanced up at the fresh presence in the room.
Georgia stood slightly taller than Amy, her figure somewhat curvier to match, accentuated by her understated but figure-hugging cream woollen dress. Shoulder length brunette hair lay over her tanned skin, equally dark but not as natural. Maybe she had to work a little harder to look as good as Amy but she had certainly managed.
"Aww he really is the cutest... You didn't tell me he'd be knee deep in suds for me!"
I quivered at the sound of her excited taunts, her green eyes lighting up with thrill. Amy stood arms folded, leaning against the door frame smugly.
"Has Lamey been working you hard all morning Paul? Look you missed a spot."
She pressed the toe of her light brown ankle boot into a small dead leaf that must've blown in from outside, a crunch sprouting from under the rounded toe of her boot.
Lamey? How did she know about that nickname? What else had Amy told her... I could feel my pulse speeding up, blood rushing to my face. Amy rocked forward off the door frame.
"I'm sorry it's such a mess in here Georgia, I was hoping Pauly would have everything done for you by now. Why don't you say hello to our guest buddy?"
I exhaled slowly calming myself as I leant back, still kneeling.
"Hi Georgia... Nice to ah... Nice to meet you."
My words stuttering out like gears grinding on a stick shift. Palms pressed together she clapped her fingers delightedly.
"He's absolutely adorable Amy, you weren't lying... He reminds me of my younger brother, maybe I should have a similar arrangement with him?" Georgia pondered.
"You must Georgia," Amy whispered but loudly. "It's been simply fabulous."
Georgia turned to look back at me again.
"Quick get a photo of the two of us together while he's on his hands and knees, the girls at work will love this."
Shakenly I looked up at Amy for defence only to witness her excitedly take the phone Georgia was handing her.
"How about this?" Georgia questioned while leaning down next to me and throwing up a peace sign with her left hand. Amy tilted backward squinting to assess the scene before her.
"No we can do better. Pauly get the sponge out again and make it look like you're still scrubbing."
I paused in objection, feigning confusion.
"Now please, or there'll be no car for the afternoon or treat later on..."
Scratching the back of my head awkwardly I finally indulged Amy's request and kneeled back down again. Georgia leapt closer as soon as I was down.
"That's perfect Pauly, how does this look Amy?"
Suddenly I felt a pressing sensation between my shoulder blades. After catching my breath from the jolt, I turned upward only to see Georgia's voluptuous leg towering over me, her right foot pushing downward into my spine. The silver zip of her ankle boot gleaming as brightly as the wicked grin on her face.
"Loving it Georgia!" Amy encouraged, taking a step back. "Wait I can't quite see the sponge."
I felt the pressure on my back intensify before hearing a firmer tone from above.
"Lower." Georgia commanded.
I was pressed against the wet tiles beneath me, feeling water soaking into my clothes as I heard a click from the phone in Amy's hand. I turned my head to see Georgia's left boot placed sturdily next to my face. I had never felt smaller in my life.
"Oh my god Georgia, come and see, you look so good," Amy beckoned from across the kitchen.
I felt Georgia transfer all her weight to her right leg giving me one last dose of discomfort before continuing to the other side of the room. Her mouth opening with delight at the sight of her souvenir.
"You look super cute in this Pauly! Amy said you'd be a gracious host for me."
I kept silent, scanning her figure outlined by her white dress, finishing a few inches above her knees. Amy grinned at me while Georgia's eyes were still distracted by the screen in front of her.
"Oh no Georgia, now you've got soap on your boot... Don't worry we've got Kleenex in the living room, Paul can clean that up for you. Come on buddy."
Georgia swiftly turned to leave the room, three dark outlines just visible at her waist. I'll bet she'd have panties every bit as tiny as Amy's.
I hauled myself upward, down the hall and into the living room, bringing a dark cloud of degraded defeat with me. Would this be worth it? For what, one more kiss on the lips?
Admittedly an amazing moment at first, finally feeling a taste of what I'd always wanted... but the sound of moans from her room that night haunted me.
And what if anyone found out she'd caught me snooping through her underwear, I reminded myself...
"Quickly bud, Georgia needs to head off soon."
Amy's hand clenching a tissue as she stood expectantly next to the coffee table that Georgia had placed herself on, legs crossed and leaning back smugly. The fruity looking drinks Amy prepared earlier next to them.
Georgia dangled her foot side to side and gestured at the floor below.
"Never know what you might see from down there Pauly," she teased. "You might even get a... What do you call it Amy? A special little look?"
"Peek," Amy sniggered staring through me.
"Haha yes! You might get a special little peek from down there Pauly, no butterfly embroidered panties for me today though I'm afraid..." Georgia scanned my red-hot face, eagerly awaiting the fallout of her baiting.
She knew. Amy had told her everything, I felt mortified.
Without wanting to acknowledge the tension in the room I grabbed the tissue from Amy's hand and kneeled before Georgia.
She raised her foot pointing the toes of her boot toward the ceiling.
Shakenly, I pressed the tissue up to her sole, wiping away the dirty water from the kitchen, her devilish eyes glaring down at me.
"Is it true you know every pair of Amy's panties like the back of your hand?" Both women giggled mockingly. I kept my head down, focusing on the smooth thighs crossed in front of me.
"He's just a bit shy, look I'll show you Georgia," Amy said sitting down beside her.
"Paul I'd like you to pick out which pair I should wear to work on Monday. I think I'll have the tight, white seamless pants on that day."
Amy's right leg extended, her perfect little foot next to Georgia's still wrapped up in the white frilly sock I knew all too well. I peeled my eyes away from the key at her ankle, glistening into my soul.
"There's really only one answer and if you get it right you can forget about the kitchen for today and go upstairs to grab them for me. I haven't worn them in a while so they'll be locked up under the bed. There's a bit of a clue..."
My brain was a haze of embarrassment and confusion. Trembling hands on autopilot made circular motions at the bottom of Georgia's boot. Distracted I slipped upward scuffing leather up the side.
"Hey carful now, these aren't supposed to get wet," Georgia scolded.
A sharp pain in my chest knocked me out of my haze.
She'd kicked me... Light enough to be almost playful but hard enough to hurt. Amy's face lit up, while Georgia leant forward.
"It's ok buddy, I forgive you. Answer Amy's question now." She ordered returning her foot below my face.
I trawled my head for a response unable to picture anything other than the pair Amy had handed me that wonderful day in the laundry. The dark material still warm from cupping the perfect pair of lips between her legs moments earlier.
"The um.. Navy? Navy blue?" I offered hopefully.
After a pause they both shared a glance at each other before erupting in giggles.
"Aww Pauly no, I don't think a dark thong under sheer white pants would be very appropriate work attire, do you?" Amy mocked. "Come on then you can have one more guess."
It had something to do with the color... She didn't want things visible like Georgia today. Just say anything. It didn't matter If it was wrong, I could just finish the kitchen. Amy's petite foot inches from my face was causing blood to pump right between my legs. Picturing the white tip toenails she had made me do for her a week ago, I was ready to pop.
"The... Beige?" I muttered.
Amy's eyebrows raised with an impressed look of approval.
"You make them sound very daggy Paul but yes you're on the money!"
Georgia clapped quietly in support, her boot now spotless.
"Nude is the word you're looking for, by the way but well done. Deals a deal, now that you've finished up here you can run upstairs and fetch my nude thong for Monday." She said pushing her ankle closer to my face.
"A whole day early, lucky me!" she chortled.
I kept focus on the key, as close to freedom as I was to a view of Amy's flawless mound just out of sight.
Fumbling at the metal between my fingers, at least getting this thing off was easier than on, I thought.
"Wait maybe our clever panty-picker should say thankyou Amy? Quite the privilege he's been given," Georgia asked mischievously. "Maybe with a little kiss on the key that keeps him so attentive?"
"Ooh that might be nice, yes Paul say thankyou." Amy's ankle pushed as close to my mouth as she could reach.
I'd come this far. I knew there was no escaping their games.
One hand supporting her foot, the other covering the raging bulge below my waist, I bent forward and felt the cold metal meet my lips. After tenderly kissing her delicate ankle, my mouth opened to speak, finally forming coherent, unstifled words.
"Thankyou Amy..."
*****
I spent the following couple of days unable to get the image of Paul's salivating face out of mind. I knew he'd like Georgia...
The dark night air hit my face as I replayed every delicious moment in my mind; the look on his face when he found out I'd told her everything, the look on her's when she saw him scrubbing the floor just for me. I especially enjoyed watching him get a little kick when he messed up... Something about that moment sent heavenly shivers through my whole body.
The only thing that made me hotter was replaying the subservient 'thankyou' he had shakily offered up for me.
Georgia and I had spent the day at work regaling each other with our favorite moments of her visit over the weekend. We cackled as soon as I walked in wearing the tight white seamless pants and blazer, matching black belt and gladiator heels. She knew Paul would've had to lay it all out of me, essential nude thong included. My clever man.
She told me Paul reminded her of a boyfriend she had once and that you can't be afraid of being too firm.
"Nothing like a little kick to remind a gentleman of his place," she quipped.
She made sure to remind me that I had nothing to feel guilty about. If seeing Pauly squirm with lust was what I wanted, then that's what I deserved.
All the fun had held me up, ending in a late evening. Creeping through the front door and down the hall I found Stephen in front of the TV, eyes closed on the recliner.
I'd normally have to wait a whole week to get some alone time with Paul but maybe this was my opportunity to give him a token of my gratitude for making me so proud over the weekend. Or at least collect the baby blue panties I suspiciously hadn't been given back...
I snuck past Stephen, put my bag and blazer down and pulled my light-yellow blouse down an inch or so below my bra line.
The first time I flexed my femininity for Paul, it gave me flashbacks to my childhood ritual of looking for Christmas presents when I had the house to myself. This time felt like going back for another peep while my parents were still at home... Heart pounding at the caution I'd need not to be caught, I quietly climbed the stairs, applying as little weight as I could to each step.
Only letting the toes of my black heels touch the floor, I pointed my feet forward to stifle any creaking that might jump out. The gladiator style leather straps rubbed against my clammy skin as I climbed, stiletto stems only making contact with the ground once I reached the top.
After one last check that I hadn't been noticed, I headed for Paul's bedroom door, sitting slightly ajar, emitting a soft beckoning glow down the hallway.
The creek of his door opened to a dim, grotty space, lit only by a lamp on his bedside table, surrounded by dirty clothes, empty glasses and tissues. Cleaning this up would be the first thing going on his list tomorrow morning, I decided.
I made out his lanky shape atop the bed, his face illuminated by the glow of his phone.
"Hey bestie," I whispered cheerily, his eyes darting up at me.
"Oh hey," he replied in surprise.
"Can I come in? I wanted to chat before we turn in for the night."
I moved inside as he nodded, sitting up. Making my way to his computer chair, I brushed away his old shirt, removed the cushion and placing it on the floor, beckoning toward it.
Instinctively he sat before me, now more accustomed to our new dynamic.
"Paul, I know you've been enjoying our fun these past few weeks."
He nodded looking down.
"I just wanted to say thank you for having everything so clean by the end of the weekend."
He paused knowing all too well there'd be more.
"I also hope you appreciate the time I've taken to guide you toward becoming the respectful gentleman I knew you could be."
He nodded again, more solemnly this time.
I extended my leg until the tips of my toes were barely an inch in front of his trembling lips as he tried to remain composed.
"Paul, I'd like you to thank me."
My own words sending heavenly ripples through me.
Looking up, first at the firm expression on my face and then down at the shiny studs dotted across the leather straps of my heel before him.
He opened his mouth to form words that wouldn't come. Too embarrassed to ask for reassurance, I could see that he knew what I expected of him.
"Just like the other day, nothing to be shy about. Unless you'd like me to leave? There's a certain photo I might spend the evening having framed..."
I hardly needed to threaten but I knew this would be easier if he could pretend it was a chore.
Apprehensively, his lips met the leather straps encasing the middle of my foot, avoiding contact with my skin. I could feel the heat washing through my body again. His eyes searched for more direction.
"It's ok buddy, I'll tell you when you're all done."
I turned my foot slightly to the right, signalling my expectation and giving him access to a different spot. Hesitating at first, he leant back in, this time allowing himself to meet my skin with his.
I felt the wetness of his lips peek through the openings that the straps of my heel would allow.
Looking more assured, he reached out to hold my heel in his hands, gently making his way around both sides of my foot with his lips.
I watched proudly at the fruit of my labor. I'd successfully moulded a man to my desires and was receiving the thanks I deserved. Does he know how lucky he is? The highest part of his body paying respect to my lowest. I felt magnificent.
His hands supporting my right foot allowed me to slide my left further forward until it was between his legs. Feeling something firmer than the base of my shoe, I made him flinch. I looked down to offer support.
"Everybody gets excited sometimes Pauly, it's perfectly normal."
Cautiously he leant back in, continuing his affectionate display. I pointed my toes outward, pushing the side of my foot into his face, allowing him to find the gap between my arch and heel. My left foot slowing moving up and down the hardness under it.
"Well done bud. That brings me to something else I wanted to talk to you about."
His eyes closed, trying to stay focused.
"I wanted to let you know that it's perfectly ok for a young man to notice the different parts of a woman's body... Some men enjoy a bit of cleavage, some like a big behind..." He shifted uncomfortably.
"I think we know what your preference is there huh?" I teased cheekily. Paul leant further down, avoiding eye contact making his way to my toes.
"Some even think a lady's feet are pretty cool..."
Still avoiding my gaze, his kissing slowed. I moved my foot away from his lips and placed the sole beneath my toes up to his forehead. His hands darted back to his sides nervously as I aimed the thin stem of my stiletto at his mouth.
"Open."
Carefully but decisively, I slid my heel past his lips, rocking gently back and forth, forcing him suck as though he had been given a popsicle. I tilted my head scanning my view contently, not wanting to miss a moment of his powerlessness.
After a few mouthfuls, I removed my heel and caressed his face lightly with the side of my foot leaving it to rest neatly at his cheek.
"Do you think my feet are kind of cool Pauly?"
He focused on my pristinely pedicured french tip toenails. He should be proud of his handy-work.
"I... I think you have lots of pretty parts Amy..."
"Thankyou Paul, that's very nice." I smiled graciously, keeping my foot perfectly still.
Wondering if we still had our privacy, I poked my head toward the door, listening for any change in the now slightly quieter downstairs living room. A murmur from the TV relived my unease, allowing me to turn back again.
"I'd like you to unbuckle me now please."
Once more Paul darted up and down looking for reassurance and finding only my raised eyebrows in firm anticipation. He hurriedly obliged, awkwardly fumbling at the buckle nearest my toes. The highest, near my ankle was all that needed to be undone but I was happy to let Paul make his way through the three decorative clasps first.
"It's normal for a guy to think about the things that excite him most while... stroking... between his legs." My left foot dancing from side to side at his lap to illustrate my point.
Nervously blushing, Paul had managed to undo the three lower buckles and started on the last. He held my heel with his left hand, while loosening the final strap with his right. As he softly slid my heel off, I flexed my foot, fanning my toes outward, now relaxed and free.
"Thankyou buddy that feels much better. Now put my heel down next to you so that you can continue your gratitude." My command ending firmly and downward, matching the direction of my toes pointed at his lips.
"Go on." I encouraged.
He tenderly kissed each toe one by one, again holding my foot with his hands as he worked.
"Paul... I want you to think about this next time you stroke."
Finding it impossible to respond, he continued as though he hadn't heard anything. I directed my toes at his lips and pushed forward, forcing my way past his teeth and onto his quivering tongue.
He froze for a moment before sucking gently.
"That's it buddy."
Eyes closing again, he appeared less inhibited. As he persistently lapped me up, I could feel his hips begin to rock back and forth, my left foot still pressed between.
I squinted, bitting my lower lip... I wanted to feel the effect I was having up close. I needed to see it with my own eyes.
"Paul... Would you like me to show you how?"
His mouth still occupied he slowly began nodding bewilderingly.
"Undo the top buckle on my other shoe, slide it off and then hop up onto the bed."
My heart raced as I watched him follow each order one by one. I was finally going to see the throbbing tribute to his feelings for me.
I closed my eyes as I felt the leather separate from my left foot, the cool air of the room whispering against my skin. I heard Paul immediately jump up, triggering my eyes to jolt open and see his lanky body bounce hastily onto the bed.
The carpet sank underneath my bare feet as I walked toward the bed, Paul's jittery face still avoiding mine, his hips writhing up and down.
"Drop your pants for me Pauly," I ordered softly.
His blue satin boxer shorts poked out from under the grey waistband of his sweats as he obeyed. I scanned proudly at the tall tent springing before me, complete with a keen little wet patch at the top. He craved me more than anything he'd ever craved before.
"Those too." I said softer, chest heaving in anticipation.
He nervously lowered the blue material separating us, revealing my throbbing prize beneath. It was as wrong as it was glorious.
"Ok buddy I want you to think nice things and just relax."
Paul's eyes closed again as I wrapped my fingers around him feeling the heat between my legs and his all at once.
I pumped downward gently, he shuddered.
"That's it. Think about the thong you laid out for me the other day," his hips lifting slightly further up. I smiled proudly.
"Think about the skinny little back of that nude thong pulled up my tooshie right now..."
I leaned close to his ear my hand still slowly pumping.
"My rosy cheeks just for you. My toes on your lips when you thanked me..." His gasps hastened as I heard clamoring noises from downstairs, my heart beating faster.
"Quickly now, you're doing really well..."
Our slapping sound grew louder.
"Pauly, I want you to imagine your head between my legs, my thong being the only thing between your lips and mine."
He was writhing faster and faster in time with my pumps.
"You can picture my G-string with the butterflies if you'd prefer." I moved faster, his eyelids clenched shut.
"Would you like that Pauly? Would you like to peel down my G-String? See my pussy up close?"
A low groan murmured out of his helpless face.
"I'd like you to pretend you've pulled down your favorite little G-String of mine and now instead of feeling my hand... You're feeling my pussy."
I could feel the pressure building in my palm, moments away from bursting. Quickly removing my hand, I placed it just below and squeezed. His balls pressing between my fingers as I bit my bottom lip.
I leaned out of the way, eyes wide with excitement.
Paul let out a prolonged grunt, his hips lurching forward. A sound of pain and pleasure filled the room. What an amazing display, all for me.
Without the time to collect himself, Paul looked down in shocked embarrassment at the mess before him.
"Well done bestie you did so good!" I whispered excitedly.
The pleasure he'd waited so long for, snatched away at the last minute, Georgia was right that was fabulous.
Not wanting him to feel too despondent, I bent forward pressing my lips against his, opening my mouth ever so slightly and slipping a hint of my tongue forward. He trembled eventually returning the affection.
Still feeling his breath on my face, I bent back up and spoke softly again.
"I want you to try again on your own now bud, I'll leave my heels in here for the night, I expect them back in my closet before I leave in the morning."
"Oh and my baby blue thong needs to go on the line too please."
Standing up, I darted over to the door and poked my head out to check the coast was clear. I turned back one last time with a glint in my eye.
"You can thank me later"