That first time with Ben controlling me through the earpiece and seeing what I could see through the glasses was the best most sexual exhibitionist experience of my life. I exploded at him when we met later that day but had to admit that I had loved every minute of it. He smirked at me while telling me that John was desperate to meet me again but he had refused to give him my details. As pissed as I was with Ben I knew that if he didn't offer I would be begging him to give me another experience similar to the first.
It seemed obvious that I wanted to be able to talk to Ben as well as hear him and transmit what I was seeing. The technology was easy and we agreed that he would control me once again but this time with two way audio. We agreed that he would set things up for 7 days time.
It was the longest week I can remember. I kept replaying the previous week and seemed to spend the whole week wet and horny. Ben said we would meet in the morning so he could set the scene for me and also set up the tech. Ben and I are close friends. I had set him up with my friends in the past. We did not understand why we were not sexually attracted to each other but it did not seem to matter.
We agreed that the mall was again a good starting place for my next adventure. The fact that this time I was also going to be able to talk to Ben made me feel more in control. It had surprised me how the lack of control the last time had turned me on. As an exhibitionist I had always felt I was in charge now I was uncertain what I wanted. Ben would be in control of me but I would be in control of any other parties involved, or would I?
I sat where I had a week earlier watching the people sitting opposite me and those walking past. Ben and I held a conversation as I showed him what I was seeing. I was dressed in a short leather skirt with a rubber thong that covered little but felt sexy. My tight white tee shirt covered a rubber bra that finished just below my nipples. I had never been in public looking so sluttish but it was making me feel randy as well as vulnerable.
After a few minutes a gorgeous looking girl sat down exactly where the teenager had been the week before. She looked about 18 to 20 very pretty if a little lacking in confidence. Ben came to life in my ear telling me to try and attract her attention. I needed no persuasion but realized that I had to be careful not to frighten her off. I smiled at her and tried to maintain eye contact. She responded positively and even managed to look me up and down. Her eyes lit up as she realized that she could see my nipples very clearly. I shifted position to make sure they were very visible while also giving her a good view of my thong.
She was hooked and gaining in confidence as I tried to give her the best views possible without showing the whole of the mall. She was dressed in a pretty summer dress. It was low cut and short but looked girly and innocent while showing her great body off beautifully.
"She is lovely, maybe it is a day to show me some pussy. Make sure you don't lose her. She looks ready to appreciate a little bit of your unique style of exhibitionism."
"I will do my best. Let's see how she reacts to a full on up skirt. This thong is playing havoc with my clit but I think I can give her a view of a near naked pussy."
I looked around to ensure that I could expose myself to just my target and no one else. With the coast clear I made it quite clear with my eyes where she should be looking before opening my legs as far as I could with the tight skirt on.
"My goodness I don't know what she can see but she is totally loving it. Look she is even trying to show you what she has under her dress."
Much to my amazement the innocent looking beauty was trying to show me her panties. She was not very subtle as her legs opened wide and she hitched her dress up a few inches. Her white panties were stretched tight over her pussy and my only disappointment was that she was not wearing a thong as revealing as mine. It was lovely to see her panties that were completely in keeping with her almost virginal appearance.
I wanted to show her my appreciation of the view she offered. All I felt I could do was to tweak one of my nipples, which obliged by becoming erect and very visible to any passers by.
"That was lovely but I am not sure that even you could get her knickers off she is far too timid. I think you need to move on."
As I tried to hear what Ben was saying I saw the girls face drop as there was a lot of noise behind me. It was a females voice and as I tuned in she was saying.
"What the fuck are you doing Julie? Are you trying to show the whole Mall your pussy? Oh I see now you are trying to get this slut here interested in you. You need to be punished for being so wanton like that."
I don't know if it was being called a slut (with some justification) or the attack on my new friend but I was not going to ignore this attractive but rather masculine female. As I turned to confront her I saw she was with two other females who seemed to be hanging on her every word. It was too late to change my thinking.
"What's your problem? First I am not a slut and second you have no right to talk to this young lady like that."
"My problem is you are messing with, as you put it, this young lady who belongs to me. She does what I tell her to. She thinks what I tell her to think and she fucks who I tell her to fuck. I did not tell her to flash her panties at a slag like you. So why don't you take your big mouth and small panties and fuck off?"
I had to make the call whether to challenge this bully or back down and walk away. The girl was now either close to or actually crying. I had made her vulnerable and did not want to see her punished for that. Ben was goading me on to challenge, but it wasn't him in the firing line. I was given more time when I heard.
"Julie you will come with us now to the toilets. This behavior needs to be punished now. Now tell this slut here that you want to go with us so that she stops interfering."
"I need to go with them and be punished. You cannot understand but it is the way that it has to be."
"You have heard the girl, now are you still going to challenge me? If you are so stupid you can come and see her punishment and make sure she is looked after."
Ben told me I had to accept the offer and under no circumstances was I to walk away. The strange excitement of the situation was so great I could not walk away anyway. I had to see it through and maybe it could get even more exciting yet.
"You can call it stupid if you wish but I do want to ensure that Julie is looked after."
A worried looking Julie was lead into the toilet area. As the menacing group entered the toilet area the one lady washing her hands made her exit quickly. One of the two sidekicks watched the door while the other led Julie over to the middle of the room. Their leader (Bennie) took control of me steered me by the upper arm so that I was facing the nervous girl.
"Julie please take your dress and bra off and put them in the basin. I am being very lenient with you considering you were trying to show this slut your body out there. Now you will not only show her your body but you will masturbate for us. If you do a good job I will consider not giving you the spanking you earned. Slut, she is putting this show on for you so pay attention. There will be time for you to show us what little we cannot see already."
Ben told me to make sure that he got to see Julie's performance in full. She did not waste time stripping down so that she only had her white panties on. Her body was beautiful but immature for a 20 year old. There was not a sign of hair. She had just a trace of puppy fat around her waist and on her bottom. Her boobs were small and firm with immature nipples pointing upwards from their middle.
"You slut, have chosen to be here. You will not speak unless spoken to and you will not interfere. If Julie arouses you, you will be punished. If she fails to arouse you she will be punished. Now Julie pull your panties down to your knees and show us whether they are wet. I could not see if her panties were wet but her pussy did look puffy and red.
"I am sorry Mistress Bennie they are wet, I am very excited. Please don't make me orgasm in front of this stranger that would be too embarrassing."
There may have been an apology but it was pride and excitement that I heard in Julie's voice. Maybe this innocent looking girl actually liked being controlled by Bennie. She now used one hand on her left nipple and one hand on her pussy and clit. There was no great urgency but she soon found a rhythm that clearly excited her.
"Let's see if Slut here is enjoying your display. Stay still slut or I will personally spank you over my knee."
Standing beside me she ran her hand from my knee up until it reached my thong or more significantly the wet lips that had enveloped it. Much to my surprise her touch was gentle as it traced the line of the thong. My knees threatened to buckle as a wave of excitement coursed through me.
"My goodness slut you do have a problem down there don't you? Well Julie your new friend seems to enjoy watching you as much as she enjoyed flashing herself at you. I think you should go and show Julie your appreciation of her display. She does taste very good when she is aroused as she is now. Get over there on your knees and we shall see how well you do."
Bennie removed my tee shirt before pushing me towards Julie. The bra seemed tighter than usual and my nipples appeared to be presented as my boobs were pushed up and the rubber finished just below my erect nipples. Bennie's assistant had taken up a position behind Julie holding her. This enabled Julie to present her bald pussy to me as she was supported.
I had gone down on females before, only three times and never in a situation anything like this. Bennie was right that Julie did taste fresh with a hint of sweetness. She was very wet between her plump soft lips and responded to my mouth and tongue immediately.
"I am never envious of men but right now I would love to have a huge prick. I would stick it into your pussy, slut, and fuck you until you couldn't stand up. Julie sit up on the basin so that slut hear can lick you but also present her arse and pussy better."
I would have loved to receive a big cock at this time but was slightly concerned what she now had planned for me. Once bent at the waist and in position she told me to raise my arse and now lick not only Julie's pussy but also her newly available arse. This didn't appeal but I was not in a situation to argue.
"Go and give the slut some encouragement she seems to be flagging a bit."
As someone approached me from behind I waited to see or feel what I was going to be struck by. I was surprised when instead two hands were used to spread my cheeks uncomfortably wide apart before a firm tongue found the heart of my sphincter. It is strange how your mind works under stress but my first thought was that I knew my bottom was totally clean. The second thought was one of pleasure. The tongue did not caress but seemed to be seeking to get as far up my backside as possible. I tried to concentrate on Julie's ever more excited pussy. She was making cooing noises and was struggling for breath. In this position I was able to use my hands to pull her onto my mouth and she seemed to enjoy the increased pressure.
I am no stranger to having my arse licked but this was unusual in its method and unlike previously not accompanied by having my clit played with. I had to reluctantly accept to myself that my submissive situation, exhibitionism and oral pleasures were exciting me greatly. The words from Ben in my ear did shatter this reflectiveness.
"For god sake think of me. Lick her bottom more and her clit less. All I see when you suck her clit is her stomach. The view of her clit when you rim her is stunning."
"I am getting bored Julie you may cum. In fact you have got 30 seconds to cum. If you don't you will be punished later and not allowed to cum for at least a week."
I didn't think I changed what I was doing much, other than pissing Ben off by going more to her clit, but Julie now grabbed my head and within ten seconds was grinding herself hard against me in the throws of what felt like a devastating orgasm. I kept working on her until with a deep sigh she pulled me away from her messy pussy.
"I told you that going without for a month would make it very sweet when I finally let you cum. Was it good Julie?"
"It was fucking amazing. I thought I was going to have a heart attack it was so powerful. It was a very long frustrating wait though."
"Well slut what am I going to do with you. You need to be punished for flashing yourself at Julie. Maybe the best punishment would be to leave you here stewing in your own juices. The juices that are running out of your pussy. I might consider giving you some relief but you would have to earn it."
"I thought I might have earned it with what I did for Julie. How are you suggesting that I earn some relief?"
"Julie would you like to put in a good word for the slut? I might be lenient if you think she deserves it."
"She gave me the best licking I have ever received. Please be lenient."
"One day if you are really good I might treat you to receiving my tongue. Then you will know what it is like to be gone down on by an expert. For now I am minded to give the slut the benefit of the doubt. You have a chance slut. Walk out of here now or receive just six from your own belt to earn the right to orgasm."
Ben was in my ear before she finished talking. He said that I was to take the belt and the orgasm. His interjection was unnecessary, as I would have accepted a dozen rather than leave frustrated. Bennie seemed pleased with my answer. She had Julie kneel down on the floor and told me to get on her back like I was riding a horse. She then pushed me forward and told me to wrap my arms around Julie's neck. Instinctively I also wrapped my legs round her torso. This brought my clit in contact with her back and I found myself rubbing and tensing my thighs. Bennie laughed at this as she brought the belt down hard across the middle of my bottom. My scream was not for Ben's benefit but from sheer pain. Each strike was as painful as the first. The pain did nothing to reduce my arousal; in fact I wondered whether if the belting had carried on it would have brought me to orgasm. This was because I was humping Julie's back to maximize the stimulation to my clit.
Bennie laughed at the humping and said that I was boring her now. She said that a promise was a promise and with no warning stuck a thumb in my arse, her middle finger into my pussy and used her other fingers to rub my pussy and clit. This seemed to be purely functional in an attempt to make me climax. It worked spectacularly and a hard, violent orgasm raked my body until I was completely drained. Bennie seemed to find humor in this, as she had when embarrassing me earlier.
Within a minute I was lying on the floor by myself as the others had all left. On her way out Julie whispered a thank you into my ear. Ben's thank you was louder before I removed the earpiece and the glasses.