I watch the man from the darkness of my bedroom again, seeing him glance in my window's direction several times as he works out. He's waiting for me, hoping for another show, but each time he looks, he glances back into his own apartment. His wife is home tonight, in another room, reading, or talking, or sleeping; I don't know. I do know that he's not buried inside her, and he is wishing her were balls deep in me, or he wouldn't be looking.
I decide to take mercy on him...and me. I slowly pull up the blinds on my window and let him see me in the light from the parking lot again, and I see him snap his head in my direction. He's watching. I'm wearing only a T-shirt and panties today, so I decide to tease him a little differently. This time, I touch my breasts through my shirt, cupping and squeezing them together, pinching my nipples through the fabric, letting their tautness expand. I see him watching every move, and I slide my hands lower, to my panties, and slip a hand inside.
I show him nothing and everything as I feel the seam of my pussy lips, tracing it and the moisture that leaks. I look up boldly then, staring at him as he watches my hand, hidden by only a bit of fabric, touching my pussy. I slide a finger inside of me, flicking the nub of nerves on its way, and my body trembles, back arching slightly. He slows in his workout, his eyes glued to me, and I flick again, my body jerking in response. I see him put his weights aside and stretch out for pushups, but I know it's just so he can move his face closer to the window...to see me. I decide to reward him and pull my shirt off, letting him see my aroused nipples bobbing with my full breasts.
I leave my panties on, wanting him to burn, to lust, and I again play with my breasts, teasing and twisting the nipples, leaning in to suckle them and lave them to attention with my tongue. When I look at him again, he isn't doing many pushups. He is still...watching. I smile at him, and he sees. He licks his lips and nods. I shake my head, pressing my hand on the out side of my panties, pressing against my mound. He knows what I want.
Looking behind him again, he stands and walks out of the room, but I wait. He'll be back. I continue to play with my pussy through my panties as my other hand plays with my nipple. I'm tempted to get a toy, but I wait.
He returns, closing the door behind him, and I see him twist the lock. I smile wider then, knowing that this time, he wants more. He stands in front of his window, nodding for me to continue, but I won't obey. I only obey he who earns obedience. For now, I will only demand. I shake my head, quirking a knowing eyebrow at him and look at his shorts. He obliges, tugging them over his hips and pulling them off. It's my turn to lick my lips. He's gone commando, and I see his hard cock jutting out of a nest of hair. It's a nice, thick cock, just the kind to fill up a pussy and then some. It's the kind I want inside of me now.
I watch him wrap both hands around his prick and squeeze, stroking his length, and I feel a pool of arousal soak my panties. I strip them off, standing bare before the window, mirroring him, and then I raise my leg again, resting my foot on the windowsill, letting him see my shaved cunt. He's stroking faster now, and I see the muscles in his arms twitch, so I pinch a nipple and let my other hand stroke my pussy. He leans toward the window, his chest heaving, and I use both hands to part my lower folds, giving him glimpse at the pink petals he wants to slide into.
He bites his lip, and I know he's fighting to remain quiet as his hand jerks his cock hard and fast. I slide my middle finger into my mouth, sucking it, and then I lower it to my cunt, pushing it inside of me. I close my eyes, but his cock is in my brain, and I need more. I need to feel it, so I slide a second and a third finger inside of me, wondering if that is enough to imitate his thick prick. I slam my fingers in deep, and my body throbs, clenching around them, my breath coming out in short bursts. I pull my fingers out, feeling my inner muscles rippling around them, and then I slam them in, rubbing my clit as I do so.
My eyes meet his again, and he nods, telling me that yes, he's in me, his cock is deep inside my cunt. He's fucking me. And I thrust my fingers in deep, my back arching, mouth falling open. He's close. I can see it.
"Together," he mouths, and I shake my head. I rub my clit hard now, shock waves shooting through my veins. Once more, I shove in deep and flick...I gulp and cry out, my head falling back as I cum, gasping, hand pushing against my jerking body as I release. I force my eyes open, looking at him in time to see him cry out and a stream shoot from him. He gushes, shooting his semen for me. It hits the window, and I smile, my breasts moving as I breathe heavily. He falls forward a bit, leaning his forehead against the cool window, his eyes looking up at me, and I smile at him again before closing the blind.