Gorgeous blonde Caucasian Sarah Brown stirred as the sunlight sneaked between the blinds over the window of her Chinese beta boyfriend Darren Liu's bedroom, waking her from her deep slumber. As she woke, she looked at his arm over her and appreciated how his dark golden complexion contrasted yet complimented her creamy white flesh, though nowadays she rarely paid attention to this anymore. As she turned, she felt him stir from sleep and felt his morning erection lodged against the crack between her butt cheeks. Reaching behind her, she grabbed his erection, which was now dry as the lubricant was all used up, and began stroking it. When Darren awoke from his slumber, she kissed him passionately with her tongue touching his.
"Let's make good use of this," she said while playing with his bulbous purple mushroom head, and said out loud, "Alexa, start recording."
She then grabbed their blankets and slowly slid them off their bodies, dropping them onto the floor below. The sunlight that trickled in between the blinds added a creamy white glow to her Caucasian flesh while emphasizing the somewhat more tanned dark golden complexion of his skin. Crunching her abs, she pulled herself upright while still stroking his morning erection. She smiled seductively at one of her cameras, then groaned as she felt his lips on her buttocks. His lips kissed their way up her back, underneath her long blonde hair, nuzzling her neck and then over to her shoulders.
Now seated upright, he wrapped his arms lovingly around her, realizing he no longer noticed the once exotic difference between his dark golden Chinese flesh and her creamy white Caucasian complexion. Instead, he wrapped his hands around her breasts, fondling them from behind as he leaned forward to touch his tongue to hers. While touching tongues, his hands slid down her front torso, feeling her abdominals, until they reached her vulva. His fingers rubbed her labia lips once, then turned her around so she was seated on his lap facing him.
She then grabbed some lubricant and applied it lovingly to his morning erection, paying extra attention to the underside of his phallus and his scrotum. Raising herself so her slit was directly above his glans, she pressed his bulbous mushroom head against her labia and rubbed it against her labia lips, then let his glans slip into her slit to lubricate her inner labia.
Meanwhile, he had laid back on his bed and grabbed both her breasts, helping to keep her from falling onto his morning erection, and played with her nipples. As she moaned in delight, he grunted anxiously and began to buck his hips up ever so slightly, just to further the penetration into her inner labia as she toyed with his glans. His hands slid down her arms and grabbed her firm, hard but lean buttocks, then slid down her outer thighs and lower legs. He felt her legs a little more, as they were his favorite part of her body, then grabbed her hips, and slowly pressed her down onto his erection.
She relaxed and eased herself onto his hardness, enjoying the feel of his bulbous mushroom head slipping easily into her vagina, rubbing all the walls until the tip touched her cervix. They both gasped as that intimate contact was made. She then began rising up and down on his shaft, enjoying the pleasurable sensations of his hard flesh rubbing against the folds of her love canal; it felt so good that she began grunting and moaning in earnest, and quickened her pace to increase the amount of sensual friction.
They quickly adjusted their movements so that as she slammed down on him, he thrusted up into her. Almost simultaneously their heavy breathing, groaning, and other primal vocals aligned with their carnal motions, and everything fell into a beautifully orchestrated symphony of eroticism, with nature and instinct now guiding their bodies. Eyes closed, they were oblivious to the world around them, concerned only with fulfilling each others' most basic desires.
Suddenly he thrust up hard and fast into her, the force bumping her up an extra inch before she fell hard on his phallus as his glans pulsed within her vagina, leaving his hot sticky semen behind. As he cried out in satisfaction, her body vibrated violently as a sinusoidal shockwave of pleasure went up her spine, throwing her head back, upon which she too cried out in sensuous triumph.
His body then involuntarily thrust his penis up into her again, leaving a trickle of semen trailing down her hot, steaming love canal, which he followed with a primal grunt. In response, her body shuddered orgasmically again, with another spasm vibrating up her spine, which culminated with another loud sigh of pleasure from her. This pattern of jerking and shaking bodies continued, even after he could no longer ejaculate until both were exhausted, upon which she climbed off of him.
Afterward, Sarah insisted that they record some narration for the proof of relationship video naked, to which Darren nervously acquiesced; Sarah assured him he had nothing to be embarrassed about and in fact, should be very proud that he had her permission to be naked with her. They quickly recorded some explanation of their evening and morning coitus, then to improve their chances for monetization, put a video of two angles of viewing their fornication into their OnlyFans account, then uploaded a viewing of the other angles into their MYM account. As a lure, they prepared an edited video that excluded everything below their chests and a black censor box to cover her breasts, which they uploaded to their YouTube channel. They also created shorts for YouTube and TikTok and added the hashtag #proof to this set of videos they created. Afterward, they studied together, holding hands while reading and doing homework assignments, still naked.
"Don't be afraid to touch me. You should keep your hands on me as much as possible from now on in case people who see our videos think I'm a prostitute or something," whispered Sarah.
Darren nodded and kissed her reassuringly, then placed his hand on her thigh and began to fondle her, which drew a smile from Sarah, who reached over and searched his groin for an erection and found his phallus stiffening once again; the advantage of youth, she realized. Her thought was interrupted by the beeping of a notification from her smartphone.
"That tone I put for our OnlyFans channel."
He reached over to his laptop and refreshed a browser tab that was open to their OnlyFans channel and showed her some of the feedback that arrived. Most of it was positive and convincing, but there were still a few naysayers, accusing Sarah of being a prostitute hired by Darren just for this series of videos. However, instead of being demoralized, Sarah became even more determined to silence the naysayers.
"Let's make some videos to show how we usually spend our time together," she proposed, and with that they spent the next hour studying together naked, filming the entire time, then edited it into two episodes.
The first episode had Sarah typing up a paper on her Macbook, while Darren sat under her preparing the software architecture of a program he was to submit for a class assignment. Sarah was seated on his groin, her back facing him, and typing away focused on her work. As she typed, Darren had one arm around her, squeezing her breasts and playing with her nipples, while he used his mouse to draw diagrams on his laptop and nibbled on her shoulder. After a few minutes of this, he reached onto the table, took the lubricant, and squeezed it between their legs.
The camera then focused on their groins as he rubbed her labia aggressively with lubricant until it was thoroughly coated, then pressed his erection against it, and she then lathered his shaft and glans with the lubricant as well. Then she raised herself briefly, guided his hard penis straight into her, and sat slowly down so that his glans slipped between her labia lips and pushed its way through her sensitive inner labia and into her vagina; she sighed triumphantly when he was inside her and began rocking on his penis. After bouncing on his phallus for several minutes, she reached behind her to grab his head and held on as he wrapped his arms around her waist and slammed her hard onto his erection while he thrust up as deep into her as possible. From there, it only took a few cycles before the two cried out in joy, and their bodies spasmed in unison for several repetitions as she orgasmed while he ejaculated into her.
The second video had Sarah lying on her side, typing on her Macbook, legs spread with Darren within them, his legs spread around her, pumping in and out of her while he wrote programming code on his laptop. The wet slapping noises of their lubricated genitalia making carnal contact were fairly audible and not drowned out by their heavy primal breathing and panting. Again this episode had him pumping away at her at a fast and furious pace while they both completed a homework assignment and climaxed when he suddenly and involuntarily slammed his penis deep into her, causing her body to vibrate with orgasmic pleasure while he ejaculated his semen into her. They repeated this erotic pattern of release for six more cycles before an exhausted Darren withdrew from her, penis flaccid from ejaculation, and unentangled himself to sit next to her to continue coding while catching his breath.
To complete their episodes, they added some narration, informing users that they often wove in schoolwork with their relationship activities, and spent most of their time together doing just what they videoed. They then uploaded the videos again to their social media channels, reserving the full nudity for their OnlyFans and MYM channels, and adding the hashtags #proof and #proofofrelationship to them. When they checked the feedback for their recent videos, there were no longer any doubters regarding their relationship, but what they also noticed was a sizeable growth spurt in the number of subscribers they had to their many social media channels, which Sarah used as evidence of understanding the market in her school project.