At the onset of young adult life, we each seem to have a lapse in judgment and make some questionable decisions. We drink too much alcohol, wake up next to the wrong person, get swayed by peer pressure, ignore parental advice and often do the exact opposite. We might be having fun, living life the way we want to, but deep down we know it can't last forever. Lexie was no different from any other eighteen year old. The year after graduating from school, she decided to travel the world, making some interesting choices that led to the onset of her sexual awakening.
Standing 5'8" with shoulder-length, scraggly blonde hair and an athletic mesomorphic build, Lexie was not stereotypically pretty. Her grey eyes could not be described as piercing, nor her demeanor ladylike, but there was a certain je ne sais quoi about her. She was open and honest, spoke her mind and was fiercely stubborn. Lexie was curious and eager to learn, open to new experiences and always wondering what lay ahead. It was one of the factors that led to her decision to travel the world alone at eighteen.
Lexie was a virgin before she decided to go travelling. She was a good girl, always doing what she was told, and very loyal to her friends. She lived life by the rules set by parents and teachers, preferring to obey than rebel - it was easier to get along than have to fight for your stance. Every decision she had made since she entered adolescence had been a battle with her Dad, and she was tired of fighting for what she believed in.
When she was 16, she decided that she would take a year out after finishing school to travel. Lexie wanted to see the world, to experience new cultures, to find out who she was as a person and to gain her independence. She had grown up in an environment where academia was encouraged and social relationships discouraged. Despite her bookish tendencies, she was anything but naïve and Lexie's mind liked to process and embellish the relationships and their accompanying dramas she saw unfold around her.
She struggled through the last 2 years of school, ignorant of the advances of male attention due to her focus on her studies. Lexie worked hard, finishing school with a place at university, and enough money to go on her trip that winter. However, she also finished school without ever having a boyfriend, and with a very low perception of her self-worth due to the ever-present battles with her father and perceived lack of male attention. She had experienced plenty of life through her friends' relationships but was ready to experience it herself.
As her winter departure date neared, Lexie began packing her bags for what she knew would be the adventure of her lifetime. There were so many choices for clothing, and she felt excited at the prospect of living the next year in bikinis and flip-flops. Her entire life was going to fit into one 50L backpack and a carry-on bag! She was going to meet a whole host of new people, with their own exciting stories to tell. There was no apprehension, only excitement at the realm of possibilities awaiting her in Singapore, Australia and beyond.
Lexie did not question her decision to go until she had said goodbye to her parents at the airport. Walking around Heathrow, worst-case scenarios kept materializing in her mind. They ranged from pirates, hostages and terrorists to natural disasters and not making any friends. The one that was most dominant in her mind was being taken advantage of sexually. She knew logically that the chances of that happening were very low in the countries she was visiting, provided she took precautions, but she also didn't want to lose her virginity unwillingly. She tried to ignore the thought and look forward to beginning her 8 months of independence by distracting herself with a beautiful pair of sparkling shoes. Airport shopping really did make her feel better.
After an eleven-hour flight, Lexie stepped foot in Singapore - the first stop on her trip. She stepped out of the airport into a sweltering heat and humidity - it felt like she was walking into a steam room. She looked for the prearranged air-conditioned bus that would take her to that night's accommodation but couldn't see it anywhere. She had also managed to separate herself from the standard crowd of tourists, realizing that she must have taken a wrong turn. Starting to panic, Lexie checked her travel notes to see if there was any extra information to help her. Looking for a sign to get back to the main thoroughfare, she realized she was on the service level of the car park, which explained the sleazy looks she was receiving from some of the male workers. Rectifying her mistake, she went up a level to the tourist car park and Lexie was relieved to see the bus directly opposite the exit, waiting for her.
Arriving outside the hostel she would be staying at that evening, Lexie paid the driver and stepped out of the air-conditioned bus. She could immediately feel her navy singlet sticking to her back as she made the short hop into the reception area. The hostel looked slightly run down, with shabby-chic décor and a large open-plan common area on the entry level. The walls were covered with pictures depicting the rapid development of the surrounding area. A kitchen was visible to one side of the reception desk, while a storage room could be seen on the other. Towards the back of the room a plethora of seating options were available, ranging from black leather sofas to bean-bags to an oversized mattress covered in floor cushions.
There was a group of twenty-something men hanging around the kitchen area as Lexie entered the hostel. They were having breakfast, but looked up with interest at the new arrival. The air-conditioning was on full blast, and Lexie was happy to be wearing a padded bra to hide her erect nipples from the unsuspecting onlookers. She approached the reception desk, and promptly found out she could not have access to her dorm room until later that day. Lexie accepted this begrudgingly, as she was tired and sticky from her flight and wanted to freshen up. However, she stored her backpack in the luggage store and sat down with her book to pass the time.
Within a minute of sitting down, a very tanned man with hazelnut eyes and toned arms approached Lexie. He was 6 foot tall, and his fake Oakley sunglasses were perched atop his mop of jet-black hair. "Hi, I'm Scott. I noticed you have just arrived, and was wondering if you wanted to join my two Canadian friends and me? We're going to explore Singapore" he explained to her in an accent she couldn't quite place. It sounded like a confluence of English, American, and Australian with a hint of some Irish mixed in there too.
Lexie looked up at Scott, slightly stunned at his appearance. He was how she imagined the boys she would meet travelling, and she was surprised that she would meet someone this quickly who interested her in this way. She couldn't turn down the opportunity to spend time with this handsome stranger, and it was a great way to see the city too.
"Give me two minutes to find some money and my camera - I'll meet you by reception?" she replied. "Oh and I'm Lexie" she hastened to add, feeling slightly flustered. She had surprised herself. She hadn't a clue who this tanned stranger was, or who his two friends were, and here she was agreeing to spend the day with them. "I guess it's all part of the adventure of travelling" Lexie thought to herself as she rummaged through her bag in the luggage store to find her camera and purse.
A few minutes later and Lexie stumbled out of the storage room, straightening out her sunglasses on top of her tousled airplane-mussed hair. She hurried over to the reception desk where she spied Scott standing with an amorous couple. He was tall, at least 6'4", and looked like he belonged in the mountains surrounded by snow rather than in the humidity of an Asian summer. His partner looked equally uncomfortable in the heat (Lexie was sure her dreadlocks were not helping with temperature moderation) but they offered a friendly smile as Scott made introductions - the tall guy was called Kenton, his partner Jo. They knew Scott from a volunteer project they had completed together in Cambodia, and had decided to travel to Singapore before returning back to Canada.
Niceties done with, they stepped out of the hostel's air-conditioning and struggled to breathe the thick, muggy air. Armed with a free map, the group found their way to the Little India MRT station. Expecting the MRT to be a less modern version of the London Underground, Lexie was taken aback to see advanced touch-and-go tickets and an easy-to-understand routing. Singapore's reputation of cleanliness was not exaggerated and she was pleasantly surprised with the modern design and sleek layout of the station and trains. Having figured out the ticket machine, the group of 4 squeezed onto a train to the downtown area called Marina Bay.
Marina Bay was a very affluent area of Singapore (although the entire city does not give an impoverished impression), with big expensive hotels, flashy boats in the marina and Oceanside boardwalks. The walk from the MRT station to the marina was draining, due to ever-oppressive humidity. The group decided they needed a cold drink and some air-conditioning before continuing their tour. They forked out on a local delicacy - durian flavored special chendol.
Durian is a fruit indigenous to Southeast Asia, and well known for its controversial smell. Some think it has a saccharine aroma, while others describe it akin to raw sewage. The odor is so persistent that it is banned on public transport in the city. Lexie took a sip of the specialty drink; initially thinking it was not too bad, took another and spat it back into the cup! The milky looking drink contained green worm-shaped jelly slime, with yellow durian pulp and a creamy substance that gave the overall impression of soured, clumpy milk.
"What on earth possessed me to try this?" Lexie wondered aloud. Scott was equally disgusted with the local delicacy so the pair went on a search for a safer option to try to remove the taste. They stumbled across a small store that sold Coca-Cola, for which they were entirely grateful. The durian flavor was remarkably stubborn and Scott was teasing Lexie about her inability to keep foul tasting things in her mouth. She didn't know how to respond, knowing he was not-so-subtly hinting to her supposed oral performance. All she could do was stutter over a rebuttal and blush. Scott was ignorant to her lack of experience, something she was happy to not educate him on.
After rectifying the rotting taste in their mouths, Scott, and Lexie returned to the Canadians. Together they decided to move on from the opulence of Marina Bay and headed to Orchard Road. They got a respite from the humidity on one of the cool MRT trains before becoming drenched again as soon as they left the station. Lexie looked around, she could see Prada and Bvlgari and Louis Vuitton and Versace and Dolce & Gabbana. It appeared they were not going to escape wealth in Singapore - it was an affluent country. Orchard Road was a shopper's paradise, but neither Lexie nor Jo had any interest in perusing stores they could not afford. Instead they walked down the road before deciding their next stop should be the infamous Raffles Hotel.
On their walk to the Hotel, they passed a variety of sex shops and condom sellers. Lexie was under the impression that this area of the world was reserved in its approach to the adult industry, but just off Orchard Road was the retail equivalent of the red-light district. Lexie took it all in, more amazed that such a variety of sex toys existed. She was not stupid, she knew the porn industry was thriving but she had never seen anything this sexual this out-in-the-open and was fascinated by it. Had she not been with a group, she would have gone into the stores, spending hours looking at every item for sale. As it was, the other three walked past as though nothing was out of the ordinary. Lexie felt like a child, as her inexperience in the sexual world was apparently uncommon for the backpacking community. She was determined not to let anyone know, and thought she would rectify the situation before long.
Brushing off her fascinated, brief arousal to the sex shops, Lexie soon reintegrated herself with the group's conversation. They were discussing the hotel they were walking to see. Raffles Hotel is a colonial hotel, built in 1887 and has remained central to Singaporean history throughout the ages. It is maybe most famous for being home to the infamous Singapore Sling - a tradition to order one of the cocktails in the Long Bar.
Rounding a corner, Lexie and her new friends were confronted with a proud, stately white building standing its ground next to the modern sky scrapers of Singapore. The group traipsed into the Long Bar, feeling out of place in their flip flops and denim shorts, where other clientele looked like they had stepped out of a gentleman's club in London. The luxurious hotel set luxurious prices and ordering a "Sling" almost broke Lexie's budget, costing almost four times as much as any other drink she had bought so far. However the Long Bar also has a tradition of serving free monkey nuts, the shells of which you are allowed to throw onto the floor - a rarity in a country so obsessed with cleanliness. Lexie felt naughty eating the nuts and littering, half expecting the Singaporean police stood behind her, ready to fine her for littering.
The two boys in their group had no such reservations, but their stomachs were dictating that monkey nuts weren't sufficient nutrition for lunch. A decision was made to grab lunch in Chinatown, an area ubiquitously known around the world for being able to find some sort of food. Again the MRT journey was faultless, and the group arrived in the Chinatown district rapidly.
Chinatown was set up the same as anywhere else, with an Asian twist. It was a huge market that spilt over to the rambling storefronts surrounding the collapsing marquees. However, it was rather tacky, the stalls selling everything from cheap key rings to pickled snakes. Lexie took in her surroundings, the vibrant colors and the foreign smells attacking her senses. The cacophony of sounds, smells and general hustle and bustle was overwhelming her as the jetlag was starting to kick in. She decided that eating here was a bad move for her - she'd have something back at the hostel. Conveniently, Scott had to head back to the hostel soon too, as he had a flight to catch home. Lexie's adventure was starting just as Scott's was ending. She felt slightly morose about this, losing her first travelling friend before she'd had a chance to get to know him properly. Her journey back to Little India, where the hostel was based, was spent reflecting on her day and she was unusually quiet.
To return to the hostel from the MRT station, the pair had to walk through a food market. Despite similar smells and a multitude of stalls selling exotic fruits, vegetables and Asian "fast food", Lexie felt much more at home here. There was less bustling and shoving, and the patrons were sitting to enjoy their purchases, taking pleasure in the action of eating. Lexie suggested to Scott that they grab some food here instead, and he willingly agreed. They found a hole-in-the-wall stand that was selling a plate of curry, rice and poppadums for pittance. She didn't think she'd ever tasted Indian food this good! The meat was off the bone, with a succulent flavor that had a spicy aftertaste. The sauce was rich and creamy with subtle undertones of local spices, the rice was rice but the poppadums were so fresh and crisp she vowed there and then to never have them from a takeaway shop in England ever again.
After sampling the local food, they headed back to the hostel, as Scott had to finish packing in order to make his flight in time. Lexie was morose, she was not ready to say goodbye to the kind stranger who had thrust her headfirst into experiencing the life of exploration she had just entered. Looking at Scott, she felt something that wasn't quite attraction. He held a promise of adventure, surprises and sensual excitation that drew her to him in a way she had not previously experienced. He enticed her, fascinated her and bemused her all at once.
While Lexie was lost in her reverie, she was unaware that she had followed Scott into his dorm room and was stood staring at his chiseled face. Instead of turning away and finishing his packing, Scott was equally transfixed by Lexie. This girl was just starting out on her journey, and he was envious of all the adventures and stories ahead of her. It helped that she was smoking hot, with no iota of arrogance about her. He stepped closer, noticing her plump lips open slightly with her sharp inhalation.
Lexie felt her breath catch in her chest. Surely this exotic guy was not making a move on her? She didn't know what to do, but she noticed her body moving closer to his involuntarily. She could feel the heat radiating off him, she noticed the intense lust in his eyes. "Is this it? Is this where I lose my virginity?" she thought, not totally resistant to the idea. Scott leaned down and pressed his lips against hers, his stubble adding extra sensation to an already charged situation.
Scott was getting impatient with her lack of response to the kiss, speeding things up by grabbing her voluptuous hips with his strong hands and pulling her in close, pressing his growing erection up against her denim shorts. Lexie leant into it, emboldened by his obvious desire. She tentatively reached out with her tongue, finding his and giving herself over to her hormones. Her knees were weakening and she leant against the bunk-bed behind her for stability. Scott was moving his hands over her body, one massaging her ass, the other bunching up her singlet at her back keeping her squirming body close to his.
Lexie moved her hands up to his neck, playing with the tangled hair at the nape of his neck. She had never felt this way from a kiss, and the longer their tongues were entwined, the more she was contemplating lying back on the bunk behind her and letting him have his way with her. The amorous couple were moving against each other rhythmically, so lost in the kiss they were oblivious to the dorm room door opening and a group of guests entering.
"Excuse us!" broke the pair apart abruptly, Lexie blushing and straightening her top while Scott was unabashed by the interruption. She scarpered out the room, running down to the common area where she waited patiently until Scott appeared with his bags. A group, including the two Canadians from earlier, had gathered by the entrance to say their farewells. After all had said their goodbyes, Lexie ran over to say hers. Scott hugged her briefly and gave her an awkward kiss on the cheek. "Do it for the story" he whispered into her ear as parting words of wisdom. With that, he walked out the hostel, not looking back once.
With Scott gone, Lexie felt at a loss. He had been the only real person she had met, as she hadn't got on overly well with the Canadians. Not feeling like talking to too many people, she went up to her dorm room (which she finally had access to), organized her bags and settled down on the top bunk with her book. There were 8 bunk beds in the room, room for 16 people. Lexie hadn't ever shared a room with more than three other people, all of whom she had known, so knew that her first night here was going to be a test. She squashed the nervous butterflies in her stomach and opened her book, hoping to distract herself with fiction.
Hostel dorm rooms are notoriously invasive to privacy, with people entering and leaving at all hours of the day. A German man introducing himself interrupted Lexie from her reading. Despite feeling slightly homesick and jetlagged, she knew she should make an effort and made banal conversation with him. The man said he was going downstairs for a smoke and asked if she'd like to join him. Although she didn't smoke, Lexie thought she might meet some more people and agreed to accompany the German.
Leaving the air-conditioned building, Lexie was hit by the mugginess of the Singapore nights. She was amazed to see the day had passed already, it had gone in a blur of new sights and smells and sounds. Finding a place on the concrete bench embedded in the wall, softened slightly by the eclectic choice of cushions scattered about, Lexie surveyed the other smokers. They were a varied group, made up predominantly of Europeans, Australians and Americans. The group averaged out at mid-20s, but there was one older man regaling the youths with his story.
Apparently he had come home from work one day having been fired to find his wife in bed with his brother. Enraged, he packed up a small bag of personal belongings, including his passport and sought shelter at his friend's house. His friend took one look at the desperate man on his doorstep and let him crash on his couch. The man said that eventually he was done feeling like a bum, and decided that he would take the spontaneous clean slate the universe had given him and fulfill his lifelong dream of travelling the world.
"But how can you afford it? If you had no job and your wife has all your assets?" a lanky, freckled Irishman asked. "I travel to new countries, spend a night or two in a hostel while I look for any cash-in-hand work I can find. I take the job, sleep on a couch, on the beach, wherever I can find a place and I save up the money to move on to the next adventure. I might be older, but I don't need luxury. I work hard and I'm not always comfortable but I'm living my dream and my life the way I have always wanted. I have never been happier. Plus you youngsters keep me feeling sprightly."
Lexie was enraptured by the tale he told. It was so far away from the structured life she had only ever known. He was, for all intense purposes, homeless but he had a richness that the wealthiest men in the world could never buy. She was in awe and found she had a million questions for the older gentleman. The group was starting to disperse, having heard sufficient tales of travel over their own journeys, but Lexie was new and was desperate to hear more. She approached the man and asked him where he had been and where he was planning on going.
The grey-haired, weathered looking adventurer gave her a kindly smile, his mouth crinkling at the corners, blue eyes sparkling. He could sense the eagerness in her, the vitality of youth on the brink of adulthood, the insatiable need for learning. They talked for hours, about travel, adventure, experiences, trust, love, and heartbreak all while huddled in the corner on the uncomfortable concrete bench.
The Irishman who had asked the question earlier approached the pair, having long finished his cigarette, gone inside and returned to smoke another. He asked whether he could join them as they were the only people still outside. The older man looked up at the newcomer, realized how long he had been chatting to Lexie, and excused himself to cook dinner and retire to bed. Lexie was sad to see him go, he had planted seeds of ideas into her head that would still be blossoming years after the encounter.
The Irishman leant over and held out his hand to Lexie. "Hi, I'm Eddie. I'm sorry if I scared him off, but I was determined to come over and say hello to you." Lexie was bemused at the bumbling delivery, she was expecting Eddie to have a smooth opening one-liner but the slight awkwardness was quite endearing. She took a longer look at the man in front of her. He was not her usual type, not sporting a six-pack nor rippling forearms. His mousy brown hair stuck out at all angles and his limbs seemed to lack any coordination. Looking beyond that, Lexie saw hazelnut eyes with a hint of cheekiness to them, an open and kind face and, despite his awkward introduction, he held himself with an air of confidence just verging on cockiness.
"Hi Eddie, I'm Lexie. How long have you been in Singapore?"
"I've just been here a few days, on to Malaysia the day after next then I'm travelling overland with a buddy through the rest of SE Asia before heading to Australia. I can't wait to eat some weird food! We've come from Laos and the food was average, no complaints. I want some mind-blowing cuisine, you know?" Eddie was off, lost in describing his perfect meal in each country he had visited so far, speculating about the food to come. Lexie was entertained, letting out a small giggle. She'd heard of foodies, but had thought they had been caricatured. Eddie was practically drooling as he detailed a succulent steak, served on a bed of garlic vegetables and a red wine reduction. She touched his arm, distracting him from the image he was depicting.
"Eddie, you're talking about all this food but I haven't eaten since lunchtime and I never made it to a supermarket earlier. Do you know where the nearest shop is so I can grab some dinner?" Eddie was immediately on his feet, grabbing Lexie round her waist, pulling her into the street. Lexie had to remind him she didn't have any money on her before he would relinquish his grasp on her so she could run upstairs to find her purse.
Returning to the Singapore night, Lexie jumped onto Eddie's back and told him to lead on. She had never felt this comfortable with strangers before. Everyone she was meeting in this country seemed so friendly, willing to help and impart advice - solicited or otherwise. As he gave her a piggy-back through the streets, Lexie took in everything around her. She could feel Eddie's muscles working beneath her legs, she could hear the enthusiastic shouts of chefs in kitchens at the side of the street, she could smell the fruit of labor of those same chefs. The mugginess that once felt oppressive was starting to feel comforting. Lexie loved seeing everyone dressed in bright colors, running, laughing, living life - there was a vitality to this country that was lacking from her home.
Eddie grunted and stooped, motioning for Lexie to climb off. "I can't walk the rest of the way with you on my back, twisting every two seconds to take a look at something else. We're just going to have to walk side by side" he half-grumbled, grabbing her hand and leading her through the bustling streets. Lexie felt his sweaty palm in hers, feeling she should be disgusted but was rather comforted.
Before long they had arrived at the store. It was the same as any other corner-shop, apart from what it was selling. There were durians, that Lexie gave a wide berth, and mangosteen, grapes the size of her fist, melons, lychees, figs. In the oversized fridges there was local beers sold in containers as large as wine bottles. There were pre-cooked chickens hanging up, and underneath was a stand filled with local candy. Lexie grabbed some fresh fruit, a chicken and two large bottles of beer, with the total coming to less than she would have paid for one item at home. Satisfied she had sufficient food, Eddie took the bag of food from her and carried it back to the hostel, half-dragging Lexie behind him as she continued to take in the foreign sights around her.
Lexie and Eddie stayed up half the night, eating and talking. Lexie was so comfortable with him, she felt she'd known him half her life. Eddie had a controversial sense of humor that Lexie was delightfully amused with, they spent most their time giggling in a heap on the beanbags inside. In the midst of yet another laughing fit, Lexie let out a huge yawn. These were becoming more frequent and she was tired, despite not wanting to leave Eddie, she made motion that she was going to go to bed.
"Why don't you just join me in my bed?" Eddie proposed. Gone was the awkwardness from earlier, and Lexie was too tired to really think it through. She agreed, and they walked up the stairs together, hand in hand. Lexie was grateful for the company, truth be told, she was missing home and having a real-life teddy bear would help curb the loneliness. The duo squeezed into Eddie's top bunk bed, Eddie closest to the wall and Lexie acting as little spoon. As soon as her head hit the pillow Lexie was asleep, comforted by the security of arms wrapped around her.
The dawn light was flooding through the light cotton curtains, fluttering slightly in the early morning breeze. It was the first time Lexie had felt relaxed since she had arrived. She peeked at her phone, letting her know it was still early, only about 5am. She put her head back down on the pillow, preparing to go back to sleep. Jet lag has a way of waking you up at inappropriate times, and although her body was still asleep her mind was running a million miles an hour. To try and calm it she focused on her surroundings.
Despite sleeping in one position for the night, Lexie was comfortable. The bunk bed was surprisingly supportive, the temperature in the room wasn't too stifling at this time of the morning, and Eddie's arms were still holding her close. Her awareness shifted to Eddie. She could feel his chest rising and falling with each breath he took, his exhalation moving the hair at the nape of her neck. She could feel his erection pressing into her lower back. Lexie let out an involuntary gasp. She had never been in this position before. Eddie was fast asleep, but Lexie was now wide-awake with an erotic excitement.
A thought popped into her head. She could reach behind her and touch it. But that would be bad. Although they had hit it off so well last night, and Eddie had invited her into his bed, they hadn't actually done anything. She couldn't touch it, could she? Lexie was curious, she had never touched a penis before, and the temptation was too great. She turned over, facing Eddie's sleeping face. He murmured at the movement, but otherwise remained asleep. If she didn't touch, just looked, that would be okay? Lexie tried to rationalize her thoughts, but her hormones were racing. Her heart was beating faster, her mouth suddenly producing more saliva. She could not resist.
She put her head under the cotton sheet covering them, and saw Eddie's hard cock poking out of the hole in his blue striped boxers. Something was drawing her hand towards it, like a magnetic attraction she couldn't fight. There was a cough from another occupant in the room, and Lexie was snapped out of her trance. She lifted her head from under the covers and settled down next to Eddie again. As she nestled, trying to get comfortable, he partially opened his eyes, still half asleep. "G'morning beautiful" he whispered before kissing her plump lips.
Without knowing, Lexie had placed her hand on his hip, tracing the waistband of his boxers while her mouth responded to the kiss. It wasn't as intense as her kiss with Scott but it was powerful enough to keep Eddie awake. His hand was tracing patterns on her lower back, just above her shorts, and Lexie's self-restraint disintegrated. She reached down and wrapped her hand around his cock. She could feel the heat radiating from it, the blood pulsing under her hand and she squeezed gently, feeling herself get turned on. Eddie responded by fucking her mouth with his tongue, subtly telling her to get on with it. She slowly started to move her hand up and down his shaft, unsure of what she was doing but letting her instincts guide her. She felt his dick twitch in her hand and was encouraged.
Lexie moved her hand faster, pumping his cock. The slight curve to it meant that as she broke away from the kiss and looked down she could see some fluid leak out the top as she alternated squeezing and not. Eddie went in for another kiss, but Lexie was emboldened. Unaware of her surroundings she burrowed under the sheet and licked off the pool of precum that was accumulating atop his uncircumcised dick. She felt his hand on her head, stroking her matted hair before adding a little pressure, indicating that she should take his entirety into her mouth.
Lexie didn't know what she was doing. The only experience she had of giving someone a blowjob came from the tips in her Cosmo magazine. She tried sucking a little, and licking a little, and occasionally flicking her tongue over his leaking head. She was unaware of the taste, instead focusing on the feeling of power this gave her. Eddie was under her control. The thought made her pussy wet, and she knew she had to step it up a gear. She spat on his hard cock, using her hand to feel her saliva lubricate Eddie's member. Her mouth slid easily up and down the shaft, but he was too big for her to take everything at once. She used her hand to cup his balls, fascinated at her first close-and-personal view of the male anatomy.
She didn't want to hurt him so rolled his balls gently in her hand while her mouth sucked at the tip of cock. Eddie grabbed the base of her neck, pushing her mouth further down. One hand was massaging his balls, the other still pumping his shaft. She felt his cock stiffen further, and his core tense. Eddie let out a noise she had never heard before and Lexie felt a warm, salty liquid spurt into her mouth. Not knowing what to do with his cum, she swallowed it. The aftertaste was pretty bad but it was better than the alternative of making a mess in the less-than-private dorm room.
It was then that Lexie realized where she was. She was in a room with other people in, and she'd just given a guy a blowjob. Eddy kissed her forehead and his hands were tracing the inside of her thighs, ready to repay the favor, but she was too aware of the other people in the room. Making her excuses that she had to go brush her teeth, she left the room, flustered at what she had just done.
Lexie's plans for the day ahead were sparse. She had seen a lot of what she had planned the previous day and didn't know what else to do. She returned to her room, pondering a course of action there. She spent a lot of time thinking about what had happened that morning, and knew that if she was going to make the most of her trip, she needed to get out of the hostel. The German guy, Kristoph, had mentioned over breakfast that he was going to visit Sim Lim Tower today and invited her to accompany him. It seemed like the perfect distraction.
The tower is 6 floors high, and is a huge electronic center. Bargains can be haggled for with any purchase Lexie wanted to buy, ranging from top-level cameras to fake iPod shuffles. It was an interesting experience, and she thrived on the rush of bargaining for a universal charger. Kristoph proved himself to be a good shopping companion, knowing which items were worth it and when to walk away from a deal. Sim Lim Tower was not as exciting as the German had made it out to be, but it was an experience that Lexie was glad she'd had - she now could haggle her way to a good price for anything.
Lexie was paying for her interrupted nights sleep, and had not felt this drained in a while. Her limbs felt like lead and she knew she needed some down time. Upon returning to the hostel she found a secluded corner in the beanbags and settled down with her book and the leftover fruit from her trip to the store the night before. She reflected on her time since leaving home. She had experienced so much in a very small period of time and she wondered whether every day was going to be like this. If so, she was in for one hell of a year.
Eddy saw Lexie curled up amongst the beanbags. Her book was across her face and he could see that she was sleeping rather than reading. He approached her softly and nudged her awake. Lexie didn't realize how tired she had been, and was grateful to Eddy for waking her up when she saw that it was almost dinnertime. He said that he and his buddy were going to go into Little India for an "authentic" meal, and she was welcome to join them. Acknowledging she had not showered all day, and was covered in a sheen of dirt and sweat, Lexie said that she would love to join them but required a shower first.
Once freshened up Lexie reconvened in the smoking area with Eddy and his friend, James. Kristoph was also there and Lexie felt she had to also invite him along as he had been nothing but friendly to her. Lexie asked Eddy whether they had a restaurant in mind for dinner and was met with laughter from all of the boys. Apparently travellers were meant to roam the streets until they found a place filled with locals, no tourists and a good smell.
After a while Lexie's stomach was grumbling, she hadn't eaten in a long time and all the aromas wafting from the ramshackle buildings lining the streets were exacerbating her hunger. The trio traipsed along the streets and despite it being nighttime, the temperature still caused them to work up a sweat. Dinner was going to be well earnt, Lexie thought grumpily. Just as she was about to give up and go to a hotel for food, the boys decided on a place to eat. It was called the Blue Diamond, and was overflowing with locals.
The restaurant was tiny, the seating area accommodating a maximum of five family-sized tables. They had to wait for space for the four of them, but Lexie was willing because the food looked incredible. It was served on banana leaves rather than plates, with poppadum pieces used instead of utensils. When they finally were able to eat, Lexie was amazed at the speed of service and the incredibly simplistic menu. You picked chicken, beef or fish, any side vegetables and rice and within two minutes a steaming dish of authentic curry was placed in front of you. Each member chose something different and they tried each other's food, amazed at the richness of the flavors. Lexie wanted to eat everything all over again, but she had overeaten as is. She wanted to stay forever in the restaurant; they had great food and even better company.
Dawn broke and Lexie was rushing to finish her packing. She had to get to the airport within the hour in order to catch her flight to Sydney. Her head was thumping and she knew she should eat some toast to stop the rumbling in her stomach but the shuttle bus was due to arrive at any minute and she was running out of time. She was cursing yet another late night, and was secretly grateful for the fact that jetlag had caused her to get out of bed early this morning - she needed every second she could get.
Barreling downstairs, Lexie hurtled head first into Eddie who was in the process of picking up his bag. They both collapsed on the floor, laughing at each other's clumsiness. Lexie had forgotten that he was leaving today, heading over to Malaysia with James. Eddy made sure that they sat at the back of the shuttle bus, and spending most of the journey more interested in each other than the scenes of the city waking up outside the van.
At the airport, the amorous pair had a prolonged goodbye once they were through security. Eddie and James sprinted off to their gate, their plane was already boarding and so they had no time to waste. Left alone with her thoughts, Lexie reflected on the previous evening while she waited for her flight to be called.
After dinner the group of four had returned, stomachs full, to the hostel. They congregated in their normal area, outside gathered around the concrete bench so Eddie, James and everyone else who wanted to could smoke. They had got hold of some beers, and it seemed that the night was going to turn into a bit of a party. About 20 backpackers had gathered outside, and hostel staff wanted to move them along as they were being fairly noisy and disruptive.
Eddie and Lexie were cozied up on the bench the entire time they were outside, caught up in each other. Eddie was trying to get to the bottom of why Lexie had upped and left suddenly that morning, and Lexie wasn't about to tell him that she had come close to losing her virginity in a crowded dorm room. They looked up, noticing that their group was getting ready to move out so organized their things, tidying up the mess of beer bottles left behind.
Running to catch up with everyone else, Lexie was wondering where they were going. She caught James and asked what the plan was. "Someone saw this club advertised earlier, apparently it's just round the corner and they have a specialty night on a Friday."
On arrival at a shady looking door set into a side-street, Lexie looked around at those assembled. Half of their group had decided the club looked too sketchy and had started back the way they had come. Lexie, Eddie and James were the last of the hostel group to arrive and decided they should at least check it out. Glancing around, Lexie realized she was the only girl left. She was still going in. After-all, Lexie thought, she should try to make decisions to "do it for the story". They paid the low cover charge and entered through the old metallic door.
Lexie followed the boys down the clanking staircase, the dingy club smelling of shisha and sweat. Almost drowning out the electro music that was blasting from a wall of speakers was a roar of whoops and hollers, cheering and whistling. Further descending the stairs, Lexie took in the sight in front of her. To the left side of the room was a dilapidated bar, from which scantily clad girls were serving drinks to the transfixed clientele who were scattered at tables facing the stages interwoven around the room. At various points on the stages, poles protruded upwards, around which even more scantily clad girls bewitched the clients by seductively dancing.
Lexie realized they must have come to a strip club, which explained the girls of their group going back to the hostel. However, Scotts words were echoing in her mind and she knew that going to a strip club with a bunch of guys she had only recently met in Singapore was going to be a good one. She walked over to the bar, summoning an inner confidence that she didn't know she possessed and ordered another beer. If they were going to spend any sort of time here, she was going to need alcohol to see her through.
While waiting for her drink Lexie watched Eddie watching the dancers. The look on his face was partial amazement at the athleticism the moves the girls were doing with the pole required, partial disgust at the fact these talents were wasted in a dive club such as this and he kept looking towards Lexie to make sure she was ok. Being the only girl in their group, she had attracted a bit of attention as they'd entered. The majority of the patrons were male, and they were curious at the female presence that wasn't overtly sexually teasing them.
Lexie was mainly unaware of the attraction she was drawing, herself transfixed by the dancers. They were spinning around the poles, hanging on with thighs and crooks of elbows, showing an impressive display of skill. She was surprised to find herself getting turned on by the display. She sought Eddie, who was stood just behind her. He wrapped his arms around her, and she leant back into him. "You ok, Lexie? You realise you're the only girl in here not working?" "I know, it's quite exciting" they whispered conspiratorially. They stood there watching the girls dancing, Eddie leaning forward and letting his tongue play with Lexie's earlobes. She could feel herself getting wetting the longer she stood there but was determined not to put on an extra display herself.
"I think we should leave" she suggested. They paid for their drinks, Eddie wrapping his arm around her waist. Once out of the strip club they walked slowly, taking in the noises of the late Singaporean night. "I can't believe I'm going to Australia tomorrow" Lexie mused. Her time in Singapore had gone in the blink of an eye and she was looking forward to experiencing a new country. Eddie was looking more at Lexie than their surroundings, while she was soaking in every second she could.
Upon returning to the hostel, Eddie got her a glass of water and walked her up the stairs to her room. "Do you want me to stay with you?" he asked hopefully. Lexie shook her head. "Eddie, you've been so sweet to me. I need to finish packing, I need a good nights sleep, and you'll only be a distraction." He attempted to interject here but she continued. "A welcome distraction, but a distraction none-the-less. It's been great meeting you, and I wish you the best on your travels. If we see each other in the morning, I'd love to say goodbye properly, when I'm sober. For now, it's goodnight." She leant in, kissing him chastely on the cheek before closing the door behind her, leaving Eddie standing blue-balled outside her room.
The overhead speaker calling all passengers to board the plane awakened Lexie out of her reverie. She was strangely looking forward to this 8-hour flight, because it was taking her to Australia. This was going to be the start of the next chapter of adventure - she could feel it.