"Richie, Honey, how do you want me?"
Richie smiled. He wanted her doggie-style. Kelsey could see it in his eyes.
"Hey, you dirty boy!" she smiled. "Focus!"
"Lean back a little," Richie said, still grinning. "Try putting your arm out on the fender."
"That looks great," Koop said.
Richie put the camera to his face, snapped off a few shutter clicks, moved for a slightly different angle and clicked a few more.
"Let's do this one again," Koop said, pointing at a restored Dodge Power Wagon. "I lowered the price and I wanna make sure it gets some attention."
"I've got just the outfit for that one," Kelsey said. She scurried away into Koop's office. He and Richie watched through the front window as Kelsey stripped off the white bikini and pulled on a satiny peach-colored girdle she bought online at a vintage clothing website. She noticed the boys watching as she wiggled into it, so she left the bra off while she pulled on some shear stockings and attached them to the girdle's straps. The matching bra was the finishing touch.
"Nothin' like givin' a girl some privacy," she said sarcastically when she walked back outside.
"Yeah, like you don't love being watched," Koop said. "That looks pretty great."
"I though it might be fun to have some older stuff for the older trucks."
"I'm gonna write you a check when we're done," Koop said. "You can use it for a wardrobe allowance, okay?"
"Oh! Okay!" Kelsey said. "I'll buy some cool stuff!"
Richie posed her against the dark-green Power Wagon and started clicking away with his camera.
"So, did you like Barbara?" Kelsey asked. The question took Koop by surprise.
"Oh, yeah, she's great," he said, remembering how wild Barbara had been on the sex swing at the party.
"You guys should get together," Kelsey said. "She's just gettin' started after being a mom for so long. I think she'd love it."
"Really?" Koop said. "Happy and Sharron said I should call her. I'm not really good at that kind of thing."
"Shit, you fucked her eighteen times! You can't pick up the phone?"
Richie giggled.
"All right, young man," Koop said. "Stick to your work. Do we really need to talk about this in public, Kelsey?"
"Richie's not public," Kelsey said. "He's been there, done that. Right, Richie?"
"Yup," Richie said proudly.
"Kelsey, you didn't!" Koop said.
"What! He's eighteen!"
"If I have hell to pay with his mother you're gonna be sorry."
"Am I? Am I gonna be sorry? You can spank me if you want. Pull down my pants and put me over your knee."
"All right, can wetryto keep this civilized for a few minutes more?" Koop asked. "Can you climb in on that seat and sorta sprawl out? Think you can get that, Richie?"
"Yup," he said. He switched lenses to a wide angle zoom. "Roll on your stomach," he said to Kelsey. "Up on your elbows."
"Ooo, a tit man!" she teased.
"Damn!" Koop said when he saw how the pose accentuated her massive cleavage.
"See? He's got a real feel for this stuff," Kelsey said. "Let me get my ass up a little. How's that?"
"The old truck'll get some attention now," Koop said.
"So, I didn't tell you guys yet, me and Brie and Charity are gettin' our own place. It's out Barclay Road a ways."
"Nice," Koop said. "An apartment?"
"Nope. A whole house. Four bedrooms, a wicked porch. It's all really private. Don't stop by unless you wanna see naked girls."
"Roll over," Richie directed. "Lean back on the other door. Put your knee up, and your other leg down on the floor."
"Richie, wanna help us move?" Kelsey asked as she adjusted her pose. "The girls'd love to see you again."
"Yeah! When are you doin' it?"
"Oh, Christ," Koop said. "His mother's gonna have my head."
"We wanna get in next week, before school starts. Brie and Charity are new teachers, at Hillydale Elementary."
"No shit?" Koop said. "They're elementary school teachers?"
"Yup," Kelsey said. "Pretty hot, huh?"
"I guess so!" he said, thinking back to the staid schoolmarms that taught him. "Jesus! It almost makes me wish I had a kid!"
"I know, right? How fun would it be to be a parent and fuck one of them?"
"Or both of them!" Koop said. Richie giggled. "Sorry, kid," Koop said. "I forgot about you for a minute there."
"Don't worry about him," Kelsey said. "Like I said, he's been there, done that."
Richie giggled, embarrassed but proud that Koop knew his wonderful secret.
"Oh, God," Koop said, shaking his head. "What have I done..."
—
"We'll take my car tomorrow," Brie said proudly. "You need to be at the airport at 6AM?"
"Sorry, Sweetheart," Brian said. "It's awfully early."
"I feel like we should have gone out to dinner tonight or something," Brie said. "You'll be gone for months."
"Some quiet time with you two is what I'd like to remember."
"Mix us a drink?" Charity said.
"Are you guys going to decimate my Bourbon supply when I'm gone?"
"We won't be here anymore, Daddy, remember?"
"Yeah, I'm not sure what that has to do with it. Just don't give any to underage kids, and don't drive when you're drinking, okay?"
"Okay, Daddy."
"So, Charity, what can I pour you?"
"Booker's. Up," she said.
"Holyshhhit!" Brian said. "I'm gonna go broke!
The little bon voyage party was well lubricated, with three bottles of Brian's best bourbon in play. By the end of the first hour the conversation was loose and freewheeling. Two hours in, the girls were getting thoroughly drunk and Brian was close behind.
"So, how much alcohol did it take at your party, before everyone's clothes came off?" Brian asked.
"None," Charity giggled. "We just love being naked."
"Really! People my age, it seems like we need to get sloshed before that kind of thing happens."
Brie's eyes opened wide with surprise. "Has it happened, Daddy?"
"Honestly, only once. It was a college party me and your mom were at. It got pretty wild, but, it was a one time thing."
"Mom was there? Was there sex? Did other guys...get with her?"
"Yeah, a couple guys we hadn't met before. As far as I know it's the only time she let herself go like that. I kind of wish we'd pursued something after that, because I could tell it really excited her. This might sound awful, but I loved watching her."
"Whoa!" Brie said. "That's...blowin' my mind a little. Was she sexy? I never thought about whether Mom was sexy or not."
"Oh, yeah! Really sexy. I mean...like you. I shouldn't say that probably, being your dad and all, but..."
As the alcohol flowed, Charity's inhibitions broke down, and Brian's did too. By the time the conversation had turned sexy she was leaning against him and his arm was around her. She got up for a trip to the bathroom, stripped off her clothes in her room and returned stark naked, her nipples in full turned-on mode.
"Okay, here we go!" Brie said loudly, her voice slurring a little. "What took you so long!"
Charity giggled. She resumed her position nestled under Brian's arm. "We don't like clothes around here," she said, sounding a bit slury herself. "We only started wearin' 'em 'cause you were here."
"Hey, far be it from me to tell grown women how to behave," Brian said. "You mean I missed out on a whole week of that beautiful body of yours?"
"You been fuckin' her for the last four nights, Daddy," Brie said. "You didn't miss out on much."
"Ha! That's right!" Charity said happily, before her face and voice turned pouty. "You missed our party though. Why'd ya kick everybody out? We coulda had fun."
"Live and learn, I guess," Brian said.
"Damn right!" Charity said. She tipped her head and kissed Brian, deep and soulful, with lots of tongue.
"I should be mad at you, Daddy," Brie said. "You fuck all my best friends."
"Who!" Charity asked.
"You and Kelsey. They were hot and heavy like four years ago."
Brian looked surprised. "You know about that?"
"Of course! Do you really think I wouldn't have figuredthatone out?"
"Wow, I had know idea you knew. Did Kelsey know you knew?"
"Nope. Never told her. She means too much to me. I didn't wanna fuck it all up."
"And now, with Charity?" he asked. "Does this bother you?"
"Nope. I'm over that. I just want everybody to be happy, the way Kelsey does."
"Yay! Happy!" Charity said, bubbling like a glass of frothy champagne. "I'm horny. Let's play."
Brie smiled. "You wanna play with my dad in front of me?"
"Yeah! We do it at Kelsey's. She thinks it's hot..."
Brie's eyes showed the enormity of Charity's blunder. "Char! What the fuck!"
"Wait a minute," Brian said. "Am I hearing this right? You guys have been with Bobby? Is ittrueabout them? Kay and Bobby?"
"See Char?" Brie said. "You just told a big fuckin' secret!"
"Oops!" Charity said. "Sorry!"
"So, the rumors I've heard are true, huh?" Brian said. "Care to fill me in?"
"Fuck no! I don't like telling about other people," Brie said.
"I know, Sweetheart. That's good, but...the cat's sorta outta of the bag."
"I guess. So, yeah, what you told me you used to hear is true. They swing. There's parties. And they don't wear clothes."
"Yay! No clothes!" Charity said. "Bobby's wicked hot, too."
"Not to mention Kay," Brian said. Her long red hair and big tits flashed into his mind. "Jesus, Brie. How long have you...I'm assuming you've..."
"Not long. They didn't let us until...college was almost over."
"Good. Well, I guess I don't feel so bad then, about getting involved with your friends. I mean, it seems to be happening all over town."
"Yeah, it's cool, Daddy. I mean...I guess that's maybe why I'm okay with it. Don't tell about Bobby and Kay though, okay? Crap, I just lost half my buzz. You guys want more?" she asked, already pouring herself a stiff one.
"One more, Sweetheart. For the road."
"Oh, fuck, Daddy! I almost forgot you're leaving!"
"No! Don't leave! You need to fuck me some more!" Charity said, straddling Brian and kissing him. Brie filled their glasses. She took hers and retreated to an upholstered chair, curling her legs under her, to watch the show.
Charity was moaning as she kissed him. Brian's hands got involved, playing with her round ass and her pointy tits. She unbuttoned his shirt and fondled his chest. The alcohol had thoroughly swept Brie away. Normally she would have run for cover, but she sat there with an open mouthed grin on her face, watching her friend go to town on her father.
"You're super hard," Charity said, grinding her bare pussy on the lump in his pants. "Fuck, that feels good!"
She arched her back so Brian could mouth her tits. He went a little wild on them and she had an orgasm, grinding her pussy hard on his lump.
"Fuck!" Brie said softly, smiling at the unexpected orgasm and Charity's chirpy, stuttering moans. She was amazed at how far her friend had come from her virginal beginnings.
"Oh, lookit!" Charity said. "You made me so wet I got your pants all messy. You're gonna have to take 'em off."
She was already busy unfastening them, somehow functioning through the intoxicated, orgasmic cloud in her brain. Brian was pretty cloudy too. He wouldn't have let things progress in front of Brie if he hadn't been.
"Oh shiitt!" he said when Charity swallowed his boner. His head went back on the couch cushion and Charity went at it with all the oral skill she could muster. Brie was mesmerized. She'd never seen her father's hard cock before. It was smaller than she'd imagined, but still nice, circumcised and slightly chunky, with an upward curl that made it perky looking.
Charity didn't wait for the pants to come off to fuck it. She mounted Brian again, letting her tightness envelope him slowly, savoring every second.
"Fffuuckk!" she said when the bottoming happened and the fucking commenced.
"Night, Daddy," Brie said, "You two have fun. I'll see you bright and early."
She was standing behind the couch, giving Brian a daughterly kiss on the top of his head.
"Night, Sweetheart," he said. His words, and everything else, felt like a dream.
Brie gave Charity a wet kiss on the mouth, lingering for more than a moment. No one said a word when she walked away.
When Brie returned in her bra and panties fifteen minutes later, Brian was naked. Charity was on her back on the couch, one leg up on his shoulder. He had one knee on the couch and one leg on the floor, fucking her with quick thrusts that made her tits gyrate wildly.
"I'm too horny," Brie said. "Just me and Charity, okay?"
"I was gonna say the same thing," Brian said.
Brie wasn't comfortable stripping just yet, so she climbed onto the couch facing away from her father, straddling Charity's face. The gusset of her panties was quickly pushed aside. Brie's heavenly moan signaled contact — Charity's mouth had let loose her horny fever.
They stayed that way for quite a while, letting things normalize. Brian fucked Charity slowly. Brie could feel his warm breath on the back of her neck. Charity's tongue danced across her clit. As Brie floated closer and closer an orgasmic state, she reached behind herself, unhooked her bra and tossed it off. It landed on the cocktail table, its clasp in a glass of amber-colored bourbon. Brie's hands went to her tits as the orgasm rose to a crescendo.
"Fffuuck!" Brie sighed. It was a searing orgasm that made her even drunker than she already was.
Brian needed a change, lest his knee lock permanently in that position. Brie took the opportunity to shed her panties. Charity took the lead, knowing just what she wanted. She guided Brie to the top of the back of the couch and dove in for some more serious pussy eating. Brie felt wicked sitting up there, on full spread-legged display in front of her father. He did the gentlemanly thing and didn't stare — Charity's sexy ass had most of his attention. She was on her knees on the edge of the cushion. Brian pressed his hardness into her insanely tight pussy again, almost losing his mind in the process. As he fucked the wild young girl he was face-to-face with Brie. Her intoxicated eyelids drifted from open to closed.
"Fffuuck!" she gasped when Charity's wonderful tongue made her fly again. Brian was astonished by the similarities to her mother — her tits and nipples, the look of ecstasy on her face, the wordless music floating from her mouth. Brie's hands took charge of her own heaving tits again, much to Brian's delight.
The threeway reached an epic climax a few minutes later — bodies glistening with sweat, moans echoing off walls, orgasms ripping through bourbon soaked brains. Brian pulled out at the last second, his cock gushing in his squeezing hand. The first blast hit Brie before peppering Charity's hair and her back. Six lungs gasped for oxygen. Charity spoke for all, in a breathless whisper...
"Fuckin' awesome!"
—
The Friday 'Happy Hour' session at the gym was always better attended than other weekday evenings. The owners put out healthy snacks, water and juice for everyone, and there always seemed to be more of a mingling vibe. It was Barbara's first time experiencing it, and her third time working out with Bobby and Albert. Wednesday she'd reverted to her usual loose shorts and t-shirt, but Friday she had the sexy sports bra on again, and knee-length leggings that hugged her lovely gams. She and the boys were five minutes into their workout when their old friend Rick walked in.
Bobby slapped a firm handshake with him. "Rick! Long time no see, Buddy!"
"Hey you dogs!" he said, shaking Albert's hand too.
"Do you know our friend Barbara?" Bobby asked.
"Oh my gosh! Sure, our kids went to school together," Rick said. "Barbara! Good to see you!"
He kissed her on the cheek, glancing down into the chasm of her cleavage as he pulled away. Barbara noticed.
"Hi, Rick," she said. "You look good."
"That should be my line!" he said. "Jesus, Barbara! Were you always...this...?"
"I believe hot is the word you're looking for," Bobby said.
Barbara blushed. All three men were ogling her, and she loved it.
"So how do you know each other?" Rick asked no one in particular.
Barbara jumped in. "Austin's dating Kelsey, so I got to know Bobby and Kay. They were nice enough to invite me to a party last weekend."
"Oh, nice," Rick said, wondering if it was apartyparty. Could Barbara Lowe be intothat?
"We sort of lost touch with you guys," Bobby said to Rick. "We'd love to have you and Donna come to the next one."
"Oh!" Rick said, smiling knowingly at Barbara. "Sure, Bobby. That sounds great!"
"Don't be surprised if Kelsey and some of her friends are there," Bobby said. "She's all about obliterating the generation gap these days."
"Nice! Yeah," Rick said, "That sounds great. Kelsey, huh?"
"And friends," Albert said. "Trinny's enjoying getting to know some of her male friends."
"It all came together pretty quickly recently," Bobby said. "We were planning on getting a hold of you guys."
"You know..." Barbara said, smiling slyly, "...I always thought you guys were talking sports when you chatted here at the gym. Guess I know better now."
Bobby and Albert left right after their workout, but Barbara hit the shower. She was well prepared, with bath shoes, all her toiletries, and two small microfiber towels. When she was done she used the locker room's communal blow dryer on her hair, packed up her things and headed for home. Out in the parking lot, Rick's voice surprised her.
"Barbara! Hi!" he said as he jogged over. "It was so nice running into you today. It's been a while, hasn't it?"
"It has," she said. "Graduation, maybe? How's Ashley? Did she go off somewhere?"
"She went to business school. She just started a job in Manhattan."
"Wow! How exciting for her!"
"Yeah, she's thrilled," Rick said. "So, Donna and I are empty-nesters now. I was wondering, would you be interested in coming over sometime? For a little get-together?"
"Just...the three of us?"
"Yeah, that's sort of what I was thinking. I'll have to run it by Donna of course, but I know she'd enjoy seeing you. Unless, you...are you seeing any one? We could make it a foursome."
"Oh," Barbara said. "I, uh...maybe. Yes. I mean, I'd have to ask him."
"Great!" Rick said. "Here's my card. Shoot me a text or call me, whatever you're comfortable with. We'll work something out. Really great seeing you Barbara. Drive safe!"
With that, he walked away. Barbara stood next to her car for a moment before loading her gym bag into the back seat. She was pretty sure she had been well and truly hit on, for a quiet swinger party no less!
Barbara had a morning shift on Saturday at the dentist office where she worked. As she scraped horrible smelling plaque off tobacco stained teeth she thought about Rick's invitation. She'd been attracted to him since the first time she met him, back when Austin was in middle school. He and Donna weren't beautiful, the way Bobbie and Kay were. Rick had more of a high testosterone, I'd be right at home in a boxing ring kind of aura about him, especially since he'd gotten older and shaved off what little hair he had remaining. Barbara wondered what it would be like to be with Rick and Koop at the same time — Rick with his manly vibe and Koop with his rough, mechanic's hands and tattoos. It was enough to make her swoon.
"Sorry," she said, drawing blood from the dental patient's gums.
It was Koop that came to mind in the parking lot when Rick had mentioned "a foursome."
"Rinse, please," she said to the man in the dental chair, wondering if Koop would be interested in such a crazy idea. For some reason she thought maybe he would be, but making the phone call and asking him would be the hard part. Barbara was sure she'd never be able to do it.
What would Kelsey do, she wondered? It was a question Barbara often asked herself. The sprightly redhead had become a powerful influence in her life, for better or worse. She was pretty sure Kelsey would call up Rick and say, "Hi, Honey. When do you and Donna want to fuck me? Can I come over after work?"
"Ow!" the man in the chair said, glaring at Barbara after she'd drawn blood again.
"Sorry. Rinse please."
—
"Oh my God! That's so cute!"
Kelsey ran down the front steps, her bare tits wobbling wildly. Brie and Charity were stepping out of Brie's new used car, a three-year-old, bright red Honda Fit. Charity giggled when she saw Kelsey's nakidity. Even after everything she'd been through, it still thrilled her to know she was a part of such a free-thinking new world.
"Don't you justloveit?" Brie said, beaming with pride.
Kelsey looked the car over and climbed into the back seat. "I can't believe how much room it has in it! It looks so small on the outside!"
"The seat folds up really cool, too. You can put tons of stuff in it," Brie said.
"We'll be fillin' it up. Mr. Mitchell called. He said we can move in tomorrow if we want.
"Really! Oh my God!" Brie said.
"Here's the best part — Trinny and Albert are giving us two chairs and two couches. They bought some new stuff and they were gonna donate them, but they said we could have them. One of the couches is from their basement, but she said it's good enough to use on our porch."
"Nice!" Brie said.
Charity smiled. "That's so nice of them!"
"So, Albert and Daddy said they can rent a truck," Kelsey said. "Austin and Richie are gonna help. Everybody else offered to help too, but we don't have that much stuff."
"Before Daddy left he said we can take our beds with us," Brie said, "but I think I'm going to get an air mattress or something, until I get my first paycheck. I want a real bed. A nice big one."
"Me too," Charity said.
"WhyCharity!" Kelsey said, with an exaggerated southern accent. "You're not thinkin' of entertainin'gentlemenon that big bed of yours, are you, Honey?"
The girls all giggled, thinking how wonderful it was going to be to have their own place.
—
Sunday was beautiful blue sky day. Kelsey and Austin loaded up her Jeep, Charity and Brie packed her car full with their stuff, and Bobby and Albert loaded a small U-Haul truck with furniture. They all converged on the rental house out on Barclay Road. Richie met them there. He'd just bought a car of his own too, a worn out Hyundai that had seen better days.
Everything was moved inside in less than an hour. Kay and Sharron and Barbara surprised the girls, showing up with boxes and bags full of kitchen gear, some old and some new. They got things set up in the cupboards and drawers while the girls directed the men to re-arrange the furniture. There wasn't much. There were lots of spaces left to fill.
In the kitchen with Kay and Sharron, Barbara mentioned seeing Rick at the gym and hinted at what he'd asked her.
"That sly dog!" Kay said, smiling. "He never was one to waste any time. Brace yourself, Honey, if you're thinkin' of going. He fucks like a bunny. They both do. You'll be waddlin' home."
"I sort of told him I might have a guy to go with me. It was stupid, I said it without really thinking about it. I guess I was wondering about Koop."
"Yeah! Ask him!" Kay said. "But don't shy away from going on your own for a threeway. That's a lot of fun, too."
"We used to do the threeway thing some," Trinny said. "We picked up women in bars and other places. It was hot."
"Would you do it with someone you know, though?" Barbara queried.
"Sure. That'd be even hotter," Trinny said. "You should definitely do it."
"Do what?" Kelsey asked as she walked into the kitchen. Austin was with her.
"Oh. Nothing," Barbara said, glancing at her son.
"You're too nosy, Honey," Kay said. "You don't have to knoweverythingthat's going on. Are you girls all staying here tonight?"
"Yeah, we decided we can all sleep on my bed until they get theirs."
"Oh, that'll be fun!" Kay said. "You won't be sleeping much, though."
The adults all left after a while, Bobby and Kay with misty tears in their eyes. Austin and Richie lingered.
"Let's break this place in," Kelsey said as she stripped off her clothing. "From now on, 9240 Barclay Road is officially clothing optional."
"Yay!" Charity yelled. She stripped too.
"And when the landlord comes around to see if we need anything?" Brie asked.
Kelsey grabbed her tits and wiggled them. "You think he'll mind?" she laughed. "Let's call him Billy. He'll like that."
"I'd just hate to get thrown out on our first day," Brie said. She pulled her t-shirt up over her head, taking it off slowly, like she wasn't really thrilled with the idea. "Shouldn't we let him get to know us first? Before he walks in on...this?"
"He's not just gonna walk in," Kelsey said. "He'll knock like a regular person."
"I guess," Brie said. As she unhooked her bra she smiled at Charity. It wasn't long ago that Charity would have been the last one naked, but there she was, nude and relaxed, with two fully clothed boys in the room.
"You guys just gonna look at us?" Kelsey asked Austin and Richie. "I mean, you can if you want, but..."
Richie had a raging hard-on under his shorts. Three naked twenty-two-year-old girls generally did that to him. The thought of stripping and walking around like that, when there didn't seem to be any sex happening, terrified him. There was no way he was making a move until Austin did.
Austin shook his head at Kelsey. "How'd I get such a crazy girlfriend?" he said.
Charity smiled when his shirt came off. After all the sex she'd had, Austin was still perfection as far as the visuals go. She'd never seen a more beautiful male specimen.
Richie took off his shirt too, matching Austin's every move so he wouldn't have to strip on his own in front of the girls. Kelsey smiled at him. He was such a cutie she just couldn't stand it.
"Got a present in there for me?" she asked him when he and Austin unzipped. "You guys are special, you know. The first sex in our first house. We'll always remember this."
Richie was relieved. His boner wouldn't seem so out of place if Kelsey was going to...do something. She walked to him as his shorts went down, took his hard cock in her hand and kissed him with an open, hungry mouth.
Charity went to Austin. She didn't waste any time with a kiss. She squatted as he stepped out of his shorts, inhaling every inch of his half-hard length.
"Nothin' like jumpin' right in you guys," Brie said. She smiled and shook her head in wonder at her two oversexed friends. She thought Richie was adorable, so she joined Kelsey, sharing the hot, wet kiss with him. Her hands went to work too, caressing his cute little ass and the soft skin at the top of his inner thigh, letting his balls tickle the top of her fingers.
"Isn't he just the cutest?" Kelsey said.
"Mmm hmm," Brie moaned into his mouth.
"Lets go out on the porch, you guys," Kelsey said, pulling Richie by his hard cock.
The four of them tumbled onto the nice long couch. Kelsey wondered how many times Albert and Trinny and their friends had fucked on it. She was pretty sure it was well broken in.
"Oh, yeah!" she said when she settled her squatting pussy down on Richie's hardness. "You always feel so good inside me."
She smiled as the youngster's hips thrust his shaft up into her. It was just what she needed to make the house feel like home.
Brie was a few feet away, sucking Austin's cock. He was slouched way down on the cushion with Charity above him, her legs supported by the back of the couch. She rode his face with swiveling hips, getting deeper into the feeling by the second.
"Your ass looks so good from down here," Brie said.
Charity was already breathless. "Yeah?" she panted. "Lick it. Lick my asshole."
Brie held Austin's cock in her hand, stroking the wet shaft while she buried her face between Charity's warm ass cheeks. Austin was right in there too, just inches from Brie's mouth, feasting on Charity's already steaming pussy. Charity loved the double attack. It didn't take her long to launch into orbit.
Kelsey and Richie were fully involved too, fucking with some urgency, so nobody noticed the woman outside on the lawn. The landlord's daughter, Margie Mitchell, had brought a plate of cookies, made with organic butter and stone-ground flour. She'd knocked at the front door and was ready to leave when she heard voices on the porch. She never made it all the way around, stopping short when she realized what was happening. There was a pretty good view of the action from where she was standing, camouflaged by a big forsythia bush. Charity's wild orgasm, cumming hard on two tongues, was unlike anything Margie had ever seen.
"Oh, fuck! That was wicked!" Charity panted. "I wish I could cum like that every time!"
"You do, you nasty little fucker," Brie said, wiping her mouth with the back of her hand. All the girls giggled.
"Nobody cums like Char," Kelsey said. She rode Richie harder, rising to her own big finish. "Oh,ffuuckk!" she shrieked, cumming hard with gasping groans. "Nice, Honey," she said softly when it was over, kissing Richie with some heat.
"Did you cum, Richie?" Brie asked. "You got some for me?"
Margie stood with the plate of cookies in her hand, not knowing what to do. If she moved they might see her. If she stayed...well, she couldn't do that either. She waited until some partner swapping was complete, marveling at the sexiness of all the participants, and crept away when the action heated up again. Kelsey caught a glimpse of her in retreat.
"Someone's at the door, you guys," she said. "Stay here, I'll go."
All were silent as Kelsey left. She pulled on her shorts and the nearest t-shirt. It was Brie's, low-cut, small and tight on Kelsey's big, wiggly bust. She ran outside just as Margie was getting in her truck.
"Hi! I'm Kelsey!" she yelled as she bounded off the side door steps.
"Oh," Margie said. "I, uh...I just wanted to say hi. I didn't mean to...bother you."
"It's no bother," Kelsey said. "Do you live around here?"
"Oh. Yes. I'm Margie Mitchell. My father owns this house."
"Yeah! He told us you lived, like, right up the street, right?"
"Yes. The next house up. It's about a half a mile. I, uh...I made you these," she said, handing off the plate of cookies.
"Wow! That's so nice! You wanna meet my roommates and our friends?"
"Oh, no," Margie said. "You're...busy. Another time maybe."
"Sure, Margie. It's super nice meeting you."
"I'll be around. I cut the grass, so..."
"Oh, yeah, Billy told us. That's so nice of you."
Margie smiled when she heard Kelsey call her father Billy. He never liked that nickname, but she had a feeling he wouldn't mind it coming from Kelsey. Good Lord, Margie thought, look at the tits on her! And those freckles!
"Okay, I better be on my way," she said. "Nice meeting you."
"Nice meeting you to Margie. Thanks for the cookies!"
Kelsey scurried off in her bare feet, pausing at the side door to wave.
"What the fuck was that?" Margie mumbled to herself when she drove down the driveway. Are they wild partiers? Are they going to trash the place, she wondered, or are they just sex maniacs? Either way, it wasnotwhat she expected. Her father had told her the girls seemed like nice young women. School teachers. One of those boys on the porch looked like he could be one of their students! Wasthatkind of thing going to be going on? Isn't that illegal? And that other guy, holy shit that was a big cock! Okay, she thought to herself, I'll be home in a matter of seconds. What the hell am I supposed to tell Ryan? What happens whenhemeets those girls? Oh, fuck, this is bad!
Ryan was working on one of the tractors when she pulled in the driveway, so she parked near the house and went right inside. It was a half-an-hour before they came face-to-face.
"Did you meet the new tenants?" he asked.
"Oh, yeah, I talked to a girl named Kelsey. I better not catch you hanging around there. She's..."
"Oh, a looker, huh?" Ryan said, pulling Margie into his dirty arms. "You don't trust me?"
"Jesus, I don't know if I trust myself! I wasn't going tell you this, but...they were all having sex on the porch when I got there. With two boys. It was...crazy."
"What? You're kidding!"
"I'm not. It surprised the shit out of me, I'll tell you."
"Fuck! You're serious!"
"Yup. And I mean it, I better not catch you over there."
"All right, Baby. We'll, just...keep our distance. It's none of our business anyway, as long as they keep the house nice. They werefucking?"
"Yup. And they're kinda crazy hot looking, too. What the hell did Dad get us into?"
"You know your dad. He's got an eye for the ladies."
"Kelsey called him Billy. It was all I could do to keep from laughing."
"Wow. She sounds like a firecracker."
"She's that all right. Be careful, okay?"
—
"Tell me what you think about swingers," Barbara asked Austin. They were sitting in their living room watching an old episode of The Andy Griffith Show, each sipping a beer after a long day at work.
"What about 'em?" Austin asked.
"Everything. What do you think about it all?"
"It's fine I guess. Why do you want to know?"
"What if I was one. Would you be embarrassed of me?"
"Mom, you kinda already are."
"I'm not! One party doesn't make you a swinger!"
"I guess."
"I always think of it as more of a couples thing," she said. "Two couples getting together, and..."
"Swapping?"
"Yes. Or a couple bringing in a third for an evening. You and your friends do it all so naturally, I don't even think you think about it."
"No, I guess we don't. Is it a big deal, Mom? Do you really have to analyze it?"
"I have to think about what my son would think of me, yes. That's what mothers do."
"So, you're saying you want to meet a guy who wants to swing?"
"I just want to know, if I do start going down that path, in whatever way, would you be okay with it?"
"Sure, Mom. I think it's cool. I mean, Bobby and Kay and all their friends are cool. They all seem to enjoy life a lot. That's what matters, right?"
"Right. But, promise you'll tell me if I ever embarrass you, okay?"
"Okay. But don't worry about it. We're all just having fun."
—
Barbara stood in Rick and Donna's kitchen, feeling as nervous as she had in years. She was kicking herself for not calling Koop. Being there would have been so much easier with another beginner to cling to.
"I just love that dress," Donna said, as Rick poured three glasses of wine. "As long as I've known you you've always had the body for great clothes, but I don't think I've ever seen you dressed up. Well, graduation, of course, but, I guess we had our Sunday dresses on that day, didn't we?"
"Four years ago, I can hardly remember," Barbara said. "My yellow poplin, I think. Yes, that one would look right at home in church."
"I really need to get back to the gym," Donna said. "I can't fit into anything from four years ago. Follow me, Barbara. Bring the bottle, Ricky."
Barbara followed Donna, smiling a little at the somewhat exaggerated swing of her ass. She was surprised when Donna walked right through the living room, leading the way down a hallway, away from the public rooms of the house. Rick was right behind Barbara, and she could feel his eyes on her ass. Without realizing it she was swinging hers a little more than usual, too.
They all entered the couples bedroom. A king-sized bed dominated the room, but there was also a sitting area with a lounge-style couch and a matching upholstered chair. The lighting was low and intimate. A tabletop stereo provided some nice, easy listening jazz.
"Shall we get comfortable and drink our wine?" Donna asked. She didn't wait for an answer. She set her glass down on a small cocktail table and stood in front of Rick while he unzipped her dress.
"May I?" he asked Barbara.
"Oh," Barbara said. "Yes."
She turned her back to him, clutching her wine glass for security. Donna was stepping out of her dress. All she had on was panties and thigh high stockings, both black to match her high heel shoes.
Barbara hadn't been so bold when she dressed. She wore a lacy, flesh-colored bra along with matching panties, with thigh high stockings that were sheer rather than black. Spaghetti strap sandals adorned her feet.
Her heart was in her throat when Rick lowered the zipper. His free hand glided onto her hip. Her nervous energy had heated her up, activating her perfume.
"You smell wonderful," he said.
Barbara set her glass down on the table. Seeing Donna's bare breasts made it a bit easier for her to take off her dress, but it didn't feel at all normal. She thought about Kelsey as she slipped it off her shoulders, letting gravity do the unveiling.
"Pretty, Barb," Donna said as she settled onto the loungey couch. "I love flesh colored undies."
Barbara was happy to see Donna's run-of-the-mill body. She had worried that her own middle-aged body might be second best, but she was pleased to find it was just the opposite. Eating right and going to the gym was finally paying off. The twinkle in Rick's eyes when she handed him her dress told her he was pleased, too.
"This feels so decadent, doesn't it?" she said as she picked up her glass. "Drinking wine in the boudoir?" Her heart was pounding furiously. Donna could sense it.
"Sit, Barb," she said, patting the cushion next to her. "Put your legs up with me. Let's just relax and talk a bit."
Barbara joined her. She had to sit close in order to get her legs on the lounge portion of the couch, but that was just what Donna wanted. Rick draped her dress carefully over the back of a chair and started unbuttoning his shirt.
"You don't mind if Ricky gets comfortable, do you?" Donna asked.
"Oh. No," Barbara said, giving him a quick once over. She turned back to her drink so as not to stare.
"So, Trinny tells me you're new at this," Donna said. "That's so exciting. I wish I could go back and re-live my first few times again."
"Oh. You talked to her?" Barbara asked.
"I hope you don't mind," Donna said. "She and I are such old friends, and, I just wanted to make sure you'd be comfortable."
"No, that's fine," Barbara said. "She and Kay are both so sweet. I don't know where I'd be without them."
Rick was down to a pair of satiny black boxer shorts. He picked up his wine and sat next to Barbara. Not too close, but not far away.
"We're just so excited by the idea of Kelsey getting involved," Donna said. "It sounds like she's brought in some wonderful friends. We'd love to talk to you about Austin. Ricky and I have often thought Ashley would enjoy getting involved, but it's just so...awkward. How have you managed? Is it working out?"
Barbara took a big sip of wine. "I think it is. It's been crazy at times. I've been doing a lot of second guessing. I told Austin, none of this is in the parenting handbook."
"No, it's not!" Rick laughed.
"It's been fascinating, though," Barbara said, starting to relax into her surroundings. "He's a very mature young man, in a lot of ways. He's very much an "It's all good" kind of guy. And Kelsey, she's sort of guiding us through the minefields. Actually, she just sort of wades through, letting them explode all around her without a care in the world."
"Just like her mother," Donna said.
"Exactly!" Barbara laughed. "Maybe it's different than that, though. Kelsey's sort of shown us that the minefield is a myth. It's made up by someone to scare us away from something that scares them."
"That's a wonderful way to look at it," Donna said.
"So, does Ashley know about your swinging?" Barbara asked.
"We told her, when she was old enough. I could tell she was interested, but she put up her defenses and hid from it," Donna said. "You remember Ashley, Barbara. She's never been one of the pretty girls, and she fights a weight problem. She's a lot like me in that regard. I think boosting self confidence is what the lifestyle does best. I mean look at me, sitting her like this with a beautiful woman like you, feeling comfortable. I wish Ashley could experience this."
"It'd be wonderful for her, I think..." Rick said, "...to know men desire her. She gets very down on herself."
"Wow, that's so interesting, isn't it?" Barbara said. "I've never thought about it like that. I can see what you mean, though. The party last week gave me an enormous boost of self confidence. I wouldn't be here tonight if it hadn't."
"Ashley needs a good dose of Kay and Kelsey," Donna said. "She and Kelsey always got along well, but those ridiculous cliques at high school kept them from becoming good friends. Ashley's friends thought the cheerleaders were all stuck up, so of course Ashley had to go along. It's all so ridiculous. I know she had a crush on your Austin. I wonder if he knew."
Barbara smiled. "Really? I'll ask him. You know, if I mention any of this to Kelsey, she'll jump in and make something happen. She won't rest until Ashley's in the middle of everything."
"Wow, she really is just like her mother," Donna laughed. "I can't wait to get to know her better. I haven't seen her since high school."
"You liar!" Rick chuckled. "You've seen every second of her porn, more than once!"
"Oh my gosh!" Donna said. "Isn't it all...just extraordinary?"
Barbara smiled. Rick topped up all the wine glasses
"Ricky was right about that smile of yours," Donna said. "Mind if I kiss it?"
She didn't wait for an answer, planting a wet, winey kiss on Barbara's lips. Rick sat back and watched.
"You know," Donna said, "I've been attracted to you ever since I met you." She rolled onto Barbara, straddling her, sitting on her crotch. "There's just something about you."
Barbara's twinkling eyes showed her surprise. She'd expected Rick to make the move, not Donna.
"Trinny tells me you like women," Donna said. "I just about had an orgasm when I heard that."
She locked lips with Barbara again. It was a hot kiss, and both women let go. Donna's hips got into the action, grinding the panty-covered pussies together.
Donna sat up, her tits already heaving on panting breath. "Woo! This is gonna be fun!"
She bent down again. A lip nibbling kiss moved onto Barbara's neck, her shoulder, and down to her chest. Donna's hands found their targets, soft breasts under flesh-colored lace. Barbara moaned at the squeezy delight.
"I need to kiss 'em, Barb," Donna sighed, as she nibbled in the cleavage. "I need to kiss 'em."
Barbara leaned forward just enough for Donna's hands to get behind her. The bra popped loose and the hands swept around, finding the soft warmth. Mouths came together again. Donna moaned.
Rick sipped his wine. Seeing Barbara's tits for the first time hardened him up, tenting his satiny boxers. Without breaking the hot kiss, Donna took Barbara's hand and placed it on the slippery satin. It was Barbara's turn to moan, her hand closing around the slipperiness, getting a feel of the immense girth of Rick's appendage. Her hand couldn't close around it. It wasn't a long cock, but it was massive.
Barbara was amazed at how easy everything had been. Show up for cocktails, take off dress, have some pleasant conversation and whammo! Hot and heavy on the couch! All her nervousness had been for naught.
Donna's mouth made it's way down again. Barbara loved the way it felt, with it's swirling, nipple-loving tongue sending shivers through her.
"These are some sexy tits, girl," Donna sighed, between sucking, swirling licks.
"I'll say," Rick said. He whisked of his boxers and joined in the tit worship, taking one in his manly feeling mouth while Donna played with the other.
"God!" Barbara sighed. It was one of the best feelings she'd ever had, and things were just getting started! She groped for the hard cock again, finding it and feeling the warm flesh of it for the first time just as two sets of teeth nibbled her nipples. She whimpered sweet nothings, as close as she'd ever been to an orgasm from tit play alone.
She reached for one of Donna's tits. Donna sat up, grinding pussies together again, arching her back to give Barbara a good handful.
"Oh, yeah! Squeeze it, Baby," Donna said. She leaned forward. "Suck on it! Suck on my titties."
Barbara moaned on the mouthful. They were extra soft, big and a little saggy, with protruding nipples you could hang a shirt on. Barbara nibbled on the rubbery things, kicking Donna into another gear.
She ground her hips hard and fast at first, and them lifted them so she could get her fingers on Barbara's heat, slipping under the lacy panties to the juicy wetness below. Barbara moaned again onto Donna's soft tit.
"Eat her, Ricky," Donna said. "She's really wet."
Rick sat on the side of the lounge, pulling Barbara's panties away from Donna's exploring finger's, down her long legs. He tossed them to the floor. He lifted Barbara's knees, spreading them wide.
"Beautiful," he said, marveling at the cleanly shaved pussy and the glistening fingers playing in it.
Donna lifted her ass out of the way and Rick moved in. The first contact was a long lick, all the way from asshole to clit. Barbara groaned loud. It was an animalistic sound, lovely and wild.
Donna took Barbara's lose bra off her arms, and stood on the cushion to remove her own panties. She took a step forward, still straddling Barbara, and lowered her crotch to Barbara's mouth. She was shaved too, but not completely. There was a little soft hair above the clit, fading away gently as it rose to her bellybutton. Gently flowery perfume added to the womanliness. Barbara breathed it in, licking as Rick had, a long, wet swipe of the tongue through the glistening slit.
"Oh, yeah!" Donna sighed softly. Her eyes closed and her hips rocked slowly. "Make me cum, Barb! Make me fuckin' cum!"
The girls both came hard on fast moving tongues. The party really kicked into gear on the big king-sized bed. With a ceiling fan rotating slowly overhead, Barbara learned the magic of a massively girthy cock.
"Oh, God!!...God!!...God!!" she screamed as Rick pummeled her. It was hard fucking, and Barbara loved it hard.
"God your sexy!" Donna said, kissing at Barbara's mouth, letting the screams leak out. "You like Ricky's big dick? He love's making girls scream with it, don't you Ricky?"
He smiled, never breaking stride. Barbara was on her back, her tit's gyrating wildly as the long, powerful fuck continued. She screamed some more.
"Yeah, you go girl!" Donna said. "You look incredible! Wake up the neighbors! Let 'em know what were doin' in here!
"Yeeaahhhh!!" Barbara screamed. "Ooohhhh fffuucckkkk!"
Rick kicked into overdrive, his hips moving so fast they were a blur. Barbara's screams went devilish, deep and gravely and guttural. She was caught in a vortex, spinning away from any thread of reality.
—
Donna and Rick were wild in the sack. Barbara waddled home with a tingling, beautifully abused pussy, just like Kay had predicted. She looked in on Austin. He was reclined on his bed in his underwear, texting with Kelsey.
"You're out late," he said. "I was just going to text you to see if you were all right."
"Oh, that's sweet," Barbara said. "I'm fine."
"Yeah? You look like you're better than fine," Austin said. "I'm glad you're...enjoying yourself these days."
"It feels good to feel good," Barbara said, smiling beautifully.
"I hope you don't think this is weird, but, when I see you smile like that I know why Dad fell in love with you."
"Oh my gosh," she said, her eyes welling with tears. "You're the sweetest...man. I almost said boy." She gathered her composure and sat on the end of the bed. "Do you remember Ashley Welch?"
"Sure. Is she around?"
"No, she got a business degree and moved to Manhattan. Were you ever aware that she had a crush on you?"
"Yeah. She was nice. Everybody liked her."
"Did you?"
"Sure. Not as much as she wanted me to, but yeah, I liked her."
"Did you ever meet her parents?"
"No, I don't think so. Why?"
"They're...friends of Kay and Bobby."
Austin thought for a minute. "Really?"
"Really," Barbara said. "I went to their house tonight, for...cocktails."
"With Kay and Bobby?"
"No. Just me," she said. She could almost see Austin's mind working.
"So, I guess you're...really a swinger now. I never knew all this stuff went on around here."
"Neither did I. Are you okay with it? I mean, you know their daughter."
"Yeah, it's okay, Mom. Does Ashley know about them?"
"She does."
Austin smiled. "Really? That's so crazy. She's so different than Kelsey."
"So are you."
"Yeah, I guess."
"What would you think if Ashley was at one of the parties? Did you ever think about her, like that?"
"Mom, every guy thinks about every girl like that."
"Really? Even fathers and daughters? Sons and mothers?"
"Mom!"
"Sorry," Barbara said, realizing she'd overstepped her bounds. "It's just curiosity."
Austin just looked at her, not really glaring, but close. A visual of Kelsey at the party with her father's cock in her hand popped into his head, and one of his mother spread-legged in the sex swing with a man in both ends of her. He wasn't ready to discuss all that.
"How's the house working out for Kelsey and the girls?" Barbara asked.
"Oh, good. They bought a bunch of stuff at this really cool antique store we found. Dressers and a table and chairs and some other stuff. Koop loaned us a truck."
"Oh, nice! What do you think of Koop? I was thinking I might call him, to see if wants to, maybe, have a date or something sometime."
"Yeah, Mom. That sounds good. He's really nice."
"Good. Yeah, I think I will. See you in the morning, Sweetheart."
Barbara took a long, hot shower. She washed as much of Rick's seed out of her pussy as she could, daydreaming about his fat cock and its relentless, heavenly assault. He and Donna made quite a pair. When Barbara was leaving their house they said they'd be in touch about another get-together. Bring it on, Barbara thought, as she massaged her tired pussy under the stream of hot water. Bring it on.