I never considered myself to be an exhibitionist. In fact, until recently, only a few females had ever seen me completely naked -- my mother, the few girlfriends I'd dated before I got married, and of course, my wife. But all that changed in a big way over the Thanksgiving holiday last year.
My wife's parents announced during the summer they were going to Europe for three weeks staring November 19th. And, since my mother in law was intent on the rest of us having a family Thanksgiving even though they were gone, she invited my wife and I, and her other two daughters (my two Sister's In Law), to spend the holiday at the family home while they were gone. My wife loved the idea and she was excited to see her sisters, so after several phone calls and some logistical planning, my wife and I arrived at her parent's house the Monday afternoon before Thanksgiving Day.
Both of my wife's younger sisters are good looking women, and that's no exaggeration, believe me. Shelly, my wife, had always kidded me that her youngest sister, Emily, thought I was hot, and her other sister, Trina, was always trying to get juicy information out of my wife about our sex life. So, when we got to her parents house that first day, Shelly playfully warned me about getting too chummy with her beautiful little sisters.
"I don't care if they prance around in front of you topless or in their panties, Brad." Shelly said to me. "You better pretend you don't see them!"
Now, Shelly knows me well enough to know I can't ignore a female in panties -- it's just not possible. I guess if I had to confess to any kind of fetish, it would have to be 'Panties', and Shelly knows this quite well. She even goes to great lengths to tease me by roaming around our apartment in just a little t-shirt and her panties. Most nights, she'll wear just a pair of panties to bed and let me touch her down there until she's soaking wet. Then, as she rides on top of me, she'll hold her panties to my face and talk nasty to me while she grinds her pussy down on my cock.
She'd say something like, "Oh, you like my panties, don't you, Brad?" Or, she might hold her panties to my nose and whisper things like, "I got all wet today thinking about your cock, Brad. Can you smell how excited I got?"
I'm telling you -- Shelly knows exactly how to use her panties to excite me and keep me right on the edge, and she does it constantly. About once a week she'll do something totally unexpected. For instance, last week she put a pair of her panties in my laptop bag before I left to go to work one morning. The week before that, she took a picture up her skirt with her cell phone and sent it to my cell phone as picture mail five minutes before I had to meet with my boss. What I'm saying is that Shelly knows I have this thing for panties and she uses it to keep things hot between us.
So, when Shelly specifically said I better not ogle her sisters, even if I see them in their panties, I wondered why she said it. But, just to be on the safe side, I assured her I would be a good boy in her parent's house and I wouldn't turn into a panty monster over her two little sisters.
Her parent's told us we could use their master bedroom during our stay, while Trina and Emily would stay in their old rooms. This was fine with me because the bed in her parent's bedroom was a huge, captain style king size bed, which was much larger than the double bed in our small apartment. When I first saw the bed, visions of wild sex with my wife flooded my mind and I even stopped for a moment to consider one of Shelly's fantasies -- letting her tie me up and ravage me while I was helpless and blindfolded.
Standing at the foot of their big bed with my wife standing next to me, I poked Shelly with my elbow and said, "This bed is definitely big enough to tie someone up."
I don't think I've ever seen Shelly's eyes light up that fast before, and when she turned to look at me, she smiled and said, "I bet I could find some of my Mom's old scarves to use as ropes if you're saying what I think you're saying."
"Go for it." I said, smiling back at her devilishly. "If we've got a bed this big to play on, we might as well take advantage of it."
"But," I added quickly, "if I let you tie me up, you have to do something special in return for me."
"Listen," Shelly said as she snuggled up next to me and put her arms around my waist, "if you let me have my little fantasy, I promise I'll do something really special for you. You can count on that, Mister!"
As I started to unpack our suitcases, Shelly gave me a sly look and then sauntered over to her mother's dresser and started opening up drawers. As I watched her, she carefully rummaged through her Mother's things until she found what she was looking for.
"Ah hah!" My wife exclaimed.
Looking up at her, she turned to face me holding several long, white scarves in her hand. A broad smile spread across her face and she started nodding her head as she smiled at me. "This is all I need, Brad." She said in a sultry voice. "You're not teasing me, right? You're gonna let me tie you up?"
"Absolutely." I said, smiling back at her. "I'm looking forward to being your helpless man with a hard-on."
Just then, we heard a voice yell out from downstairs. "Shelly! Brad!"
When my wife heard her sister's voice, she threw the scarves on the bed and ran out of the room. "Trina!" She shouted as she bounded down the stairs. By the time I got down to the front door, Shelly and Trina were still standing there hugging each other.
Then, not more than sixty seconds later, the front door opened and Emily, Shelly's youngest sister, poked her head through. Immediately, all three of them were reaching for each other, jumping, screaming and hugging like little school girls. It was nice to see my wife this happy, so I just stood back and let them have their reunion.
Yes, I got my share of hugs from Trina and Emily, too. But, I could see what they wanted was some 'Sister Time' and when they eventually wandered into the living room and sat down together on the couch, I decided to just leave them alone so they could catch up with one another.
I went back upstairs to try to get more unpacking done, but before long, Shelly was calling out to me, asking if I'd run out to the grocery store and pick up a few things before it got any later. In the matter of a few minutes, the girls had made a list of what they wanted from the grocery and from the liquor store. They gave me driving directions and then shoved me out the door as they giggled and waved goodbye. I took my time shopping hoping my wife would take advantage of the opportunity to socialize with her sisters. In all, I was gone well over two hours - primarily because I set out on a quest to find a blindfold to go along with Shelly's tie-up fantasy.
After I'd been gone an hour, Shelly called my cell phone and asked what was taking so long. When I told her I was trying to find a store that sold blindfolds, she got quiet on the phone.
"Really?" She asked, excitedly. "Are you serious?"
"Of course I'm serious!" I answered. "That's what you said you wanted, wasn't it? You wanted me tied up, blindfolded and helpless?"
"Oh, Brad," she moaned into the phone, "You are such a Sweetheart and I'm going to reward you big time for doing this. You'll see."
When I got back to the house, the girls immediately dived into the bag from the liquor store and attacked the beer while I unloaded the groceries on the counter. My wife nudged up next to me and whispered the question, "Did you find one?"
I looked at her and nodded my head up and down. I could see a sparkle in Shelly's eyes, and I knew she was pleased. Shelly reached up and kissed me once on the cheek, and then again, squarely on the lips. "Hey!" Emily chuckled. "We'll have none of that in our parent's house!"
"Okay," My wife said to me, "you get on out of here so we can finish making dinner and then we're going to watch a movie." As she started to shove me out of the kitchen, she said, "Why don't you go finish unpacking our suitcases and we'll call you when it's ready. It won't be too much longer."
"That's right!" Trina added. "No men in the kitchen while we're cooking!" A chorus of giggling filled the kitchen as I made my way up the stairs toward the master bedroom. Once at the top of the stairs, I happened to glance into Emily's room as I walked by. Right in the middle of the floor something caught my eye. It was the orange t-shirt Emily was wearing when she got here, and lying next to it was a thin, flimsy bra. Stopping for a minute to look into her room from the hallway, I realized Emily must have changed her shirt while I was gone and took off her bra.
This was an interesting turn of events, and I briefly wondered if I was going to be treated to the sights of Emily's and Trina's bras and panties lying all over their floors for the next week. The possibility of it made me tingle, and it made me do something I probably shouldn't have done.
Looking back over my shoulder to make sure the girls were still in the kitchen, my curiosity got the best of me and I went into Emily's room and carefully picked up the bra that she hastily left on the floor. Like my wife, both of her sisters appeared to be small chested, and I was curious to see exactly what size Emily's bra was.
Quickly, I found the tag and read it -- 34AA. My wife is a 34A, so, this meant Emily's breasts were smaller than my wife's. At that moment, I felt my cock throb in my pants and there was no denying the fact that it was because I was holding Emily's bra in my hands -- the same bra she was wearing just a few short hours ago.
My wife had always joked about the women on her side of the family all being 'flat'. Her mother, her sisters -- they were all small on top. She referred to it as a 'family curse', even telling me that none of them had to wear a bra until they were in high school. Don't get me wrong here; my wife wasn't ashamed or embarrassed about her tiny boobs, it was more of an accepted fate for Shelly. And, when we were dating and starting to get serious, she was extremely happy to find out I was one of those guys that loved a set of tiny, petite breasts. Any time she'd question me about her little orbs, I told her I loved her small boobs, and it was the absolute honest truth. I know some guys like big ones, but for me, the smaller the better!
Holding Emily's little bra in my hand, I was amazed at how sheer it was. Then, stopping to wonder what her nipples looked like, my cock reacted and grew harder by the second. Knowing I needed to get out of Emily's room before I got caught, I carefully laid her bra back on the carpet and peered out into the hallway to make sure no one would see me coming out of Emily's room. I could hear the girl's voices in the kitchen, and, as I stepped out of Emily's room, I breathed a sigh of relief. I hadn't taken three steps toward the master bedroom when I stopped adjacent to Trina's bedroom and glanced inside.
Trina's suitcase was on the bed, and it was open with clothes spilling out all over the place. I saw what looked like a bra strap and a pair of panties in the heap of clothes, and taking another opportunity to look behind me, down toward the kitchen to make sure no one was coming up, I snuck into Trina's room and peered down into her suitcase.
Sure enough, there was a bra strap hanging out, and I twisted it to look for the size. "34AA" I said to myself. "The same size as Emily!"
Then, out of nowhere, I got this vision of all three sisters standing topless in front of me as if I was being asked to compare and examine their breasts. Man, what I wouldn't give to have an opportunity like that!
My fantasy was shattered when I heard a shriek from downstairs and froze. Carefully, I looked around the doorframe and when I was sure no one was coming up the stairs, I snuck out of Trina's room and made a dash for the master bedroom. My cock was throbbing with the knowledge of what I now knew about Trina and Emily's breasts, and I was getting horny as hell visualizing they were probably cute little breasts with pink nipples, and I couldn't help wishing I could see them!
After a few minutes of trying to think of a way I could see Emily's and Trina's topless, I remembered my wife's warning from earlier -- not to ogle her sisters. And, figuring I better leave well enough alone, I begrudgingly turned my attention to our suitcases, and continued unpacking our clothes.
I was unloading my wife's suitcase when I came across a pile of Shelly's folded lingerie. Of course, there's no way I could keep myself from looking through her sexy softies to see which panties she'd brought, and I was both thrilled and surprised to see she'd packed my favorite pair of crotchless panties. I just love fucking her while she's wearing them -- and I've even been known to go down on her after we've made love -- sucking and licking her just fucked tender lips through the opening of those panties. Say what you will, but for me - fucking her with her panties on is one of the biggest turns-ons I've ever experienced.
So, there I was - holding my wife's sexy crotchless panties up in front of me, admiring the way they split apart at the crotch. Without thinking, I held them up to my face, pretending she'd already worn them and I took in a deep sniff. Just the thought of her wearing them for me while we fucked and knowing they'd be sopping wet with her natural juices got me tremendously excited. My hardened cock was trapped in a painful position in my jeans, so I reached down inside them to adjust myself, and when I did, I heard a sound behind me. Turning quickly toward the door, I saw Emily standing there looking at me with my hand down my pants. I pulled my hand out as soon as I saw her, but, by then it didn't matter. The look on her face said it all.
"Oh," She stammered, "I'm.... uh.... I mean....... dinner is ready, Brad." She said.
Emily's eyes drifted down to my crotch and I'm sure she saw the bulge in my jeans as I held Shelly's sexy panties in my hands.
I can just imagine what was going through Emily's head. I'd been holding up Shelly's crotchless panties, looking at them and imagining my wife lying on her parent's bed and pulling her legs way back, opening herself up so I could fuck her with her sexy crotchless panties on. I'm not sure how long Emily was standing there watching me, but, she probably saw me put Shelly's panties up to my face, and she probably saw me reach into my jeans to adjust my cock! And, I'm sure it didn't take long for Emily to figure out what was going on in my head, and, inside my jeans.
I blushed immediately as her eyes stared at my crotch. I felt the heat of my embarrassment overtake my face and neck, and as I slowly dropped my wife's panties on the bed, I looked back at Emily. For a few seconds we just looked at each other, and then without saying another word, she simply turned and left the room.
I guessed it was forgivable that I was handling my own wife's panties, but, I'm sure the obvious swelling in my jeans told Emily everything she needed to know about what I was doing, and, what I was thinking.
I made a quick stop in the bathroom to take a leak and then went down stairs to the kitchen. As I entered, all three sisters immediately became quiet, and when I looked over at my wife, she broke into a fit of laughter and shook her finger at me.
"So, you were up there fondling my crotchless panties, huh?" My wife asked.
I was shocked she'd say something like that in front of her sisters, but, as she put her hands on her hips and smiled over at me, I detected a hint of playfulness in her expression.
"Hey, come on." I replied, "Doesn't a man have a right to see his wife's underwear?"
Shelly walked across the kitchen and put her arms around me. "Well, of course you do, Sweetheart." My wife answered as she giggled. "I think we both know how much you enjoy my panties and I wouldn't ever dream of keeping them from you."
Emily and Trina howled in laughter when they heard my wife's answer, and I could feel the embarrassment in my face deepen. But, before they could stop laughing, Shelly turned toward them and said, "You're just jealous because you don't have a man who loves your panties!"
"Shelly," Trina said as they all continued to giggle, "I think it's totally cute he's so interested in your panties. And, I think every man ought to be able to identify his lady's panties by sight, and, by the smell."
Seeing an opportunity to bring some levity to my embarrassing situation, I promptly chimed in saying, "Well, I'm happy to say I can pass both those tests with flying colors!"
Trina and Shelly both cracked up again, and as we all looked around at each other, I saw Emily raise both her hands to her face in absolute shock. "I can't believe you guys are talking about smelling panties!" Emily exclaimed.
Trina leaned over to Emily and whispered something in her ear. In less than a second, Emily buried her face in her hands and shook her head back and forth.
I had to chuckle at young Emily's innocence. She just turned eighteen - a freshman in college, and I knew she didn't have much experience with boys. I'm sure she was shocked beyond belief when she walked in on me with my wife's panties in my hands and an obvious hard-on. And now, hearing us talk about sniffing panties and my claim I could identify my wife's panties by her smell -- well, I think it was too much sexual innuendo for her at one time.
After the laughter started to die down, Shelly gestured for all of us to sit down and we started to eat. During dinner, I was sitting across from Emily and I couldn't help but notice how her nipples would periodically poke against her shirt. It wasn't very noticeable, but each time they did, my cock twitched and grew a little harder.
"Emily must have pebble size nipples like her sister." I said to myself as I watched them press against her shirt. "I bet Trina does, too." I thought. Then, just as if I was completely alone, I drifted back to my fantasy from earlier and envisioned all three of them standing in front of me topless, letting me examine and compare their breasts. That would be amazing, for sure, to compare the three sisters' breasts and their nipples -- maybe even touch or suck them. My mind was completely overrun by images of small, petite boobs and tight little nipples. I drifted further and further into my fantasy until I was brought back to reality when I heard Shelly shout my name.
"Brad!" Shelly was almost screaming.
"Jeez," my wife said, "did you hear anything Trina just said?"
"No." I said. "I was day dreaming, I guess."
Apparently, Trina was saying she brought several DVD movies with her and was asking we wanted to watch a movie after dinner.
"Yeah, sure." I replied. "Did you bring anything with fast cars, machine guns, airplanes, or stuff blowing up?"
"No, Brad!" Trina answered sarcastically.
"Maybe we should let Emily pick the movie." Shelly chimed in. "After all, she's the baby of the family. We don't want to warp her young mind, you know."
"Very funny!" Emily exclaimed. "But, I'd be glad to pick something us girls would like."
So, we finished our dinner and I got several more peeks at Emily's tiny nipples poking out through her shirt. I was very careful not to openly stare at her and by the time dinner was over, I'd been lucky enough to catch many good nip shots. And as a result, I had a world class erection trying to bust out of my jeans.
We all pitched in to help clear the table and clean the dishes. I got the task of rinsing the dinner dishes and Emily's task was to load the dish washer. As we were doing our jobs, I discovered that if I looked at just the right time, I could get a glimpse down Emily's shirt. There was only a split second of time when she was bending down that I could try to get a peek, and after a few tries, I was finally rewarded with a clear view down my teenage sister in law's shirt. The view I got only lasted two or three seconds, but, I could see her tiny breasts perfectly and my suspicion was confirmed that her nipples were nothing but itsy bitsy pink pebbles. Her breasts, themselves, were nothing more than the size of half a tennis ball, and that brief look was enough for my cock to swell to an unprecedented size, trapped inside my jeans.
When we were all done and the kitchen was clean, Emily and Trina disappeared upstairs to pick out a movie and change into some lounging clothes. My wife came up next to me and reached up to kiss my cheek. "So, did you get a good look?" Shelly asked me.
"What?" I asked, innocently.
"Don't play dumb with me, Buster." She said, as her hand dropped down to my crotch and pressed against my still hard cock. "I saw you looking at Emily's nipples at the dinner table, and then down her top while you guys were loading the dishwasher."
"Come on, Shelly." I moaned. "She's your little sister. Give me a break, would ya?"
Shelly wiggled her hand down inside my jeans and wrapped her hand around my cock and squeezed. "I'm not mad, Honey." Shelly said softly. "I know you didn't plan any of that. But, I know you were looking."
"Yeah, okay." I confessed. "I guess I was looking."
"And did you get to see her boobies?" My wife asked.
I nodded my head and Shelly began to rhythmically squeeze my cock. "So that's why you're so hard, huh?" She asked.
I nodded my head again and started to apologize, but, she told me not to worry. "I'm not mad, Sweetheart." She said to me. "But, I'm going to have to punish you for that tonight. You know that, right?"
"Yeah, okay." I answered, smiling down at her. "I'm looking forward to that."
"She's smaller than me." Shelly said as she squeezed my cock. "And, so is Trina. I guess its okay to look, but, no touching my sisters, Brad."
Shelly pulled her hand out of my pants and looked up at me. Then smiling a wicked grin, she got down on her knees in front of me and stared to pull my zipper down.
"Damn!" I said softly. "What are you doing? Your sisters will be back any second."
Shelly didn't answer me or stop what she was doing. In a matter of moments, she had my jeans unsnapped and my zipper down. Before I could stop her, she reached into my boxers and pulled my cock out. The next thing I knew, my wife was holding my cock with both her hands and was starting to stroke me up and down. I watched as Shelly smiled up at me and then took my cock in her mouth. At first she was gentle and only sucked around my cock head, but after a few tiny licks, she impaled her mouth down around my cock, taking most of my cock down her throat.
Shelly is a wonderful cocksucker, and I love it when she gives me a blow job, but this was much more than that. She was really deep throating me and I could feel the head of my cock almost all the way at the back of her throat. She pulled off my cock just as she started to gag, but she took a deep breath and went right back down on me, taking me just as deep as before.
I reached down to hold her hair back so I could watch her and it was the most amazing sight I'd ever seen. She was gobbling me up, intentionally trying to take as much of my cock as she possibly could. She pulled off again, wiped the slobber from her mouth and then went right back to sucking me. Her cheeks were puffing out and her lips were stretched around my cock. Her face was red and there was drool and spit pouring out of her mouth as she fought to take me deeper.
Just then, I heard footsteps upstairs and I started to panic. I tried to pull away from Shelly's mouth, but she wrapped her arms around my waist and pulled me back into her. The only thing on my mind was trying to get my wife off my cock before her sisters came downstairs, but Shelly wouldn't let me go. Her blowjob was feeling good, no question about that, and any other time, I would have let her continue, but, this was just too risky.
The footsteps upstairs stopped so I reluctantly let Shelly continue. She was huffing and puffing and taking my cock into her mouth so deep, and within thirty seconds, it felt so good I started to get that feeling like I was going to cum soon. Placing my hands on the back of my wife's head, I began to push -- to get my cock further down her throat. Shelly grunted and pulled off for a second, urging me by saying, "Fuck my mouth, Brad. Come on, fuck me!"
This was so unlike my wife -- to be sucking me off like this in her parent's kitchen with her sisters in the house. Somehow, I sensed something moving out of the corner of my eye and turned to look. There was Trina standing in the doorway to the kitchen with a huge smile on her face as she watched her big sister on her knees in front of me sucking my cock.
Trina and I looked at each other for a second before Trina smiled and held her finger to her lips, as if to tell me not to say anything. I wasn't sure what to do, but the decision was taken out of my hands when Shelly abruptly stopped sucking me and pulled my cock out of her mouth.
"You like that?" Shelly asked, looking up at me. She was holding my cock with one hand and looking up at me with those big blue eyes. Then, she started stroking my wet, slobbery member up and down and sticking her tongue out to lick my cock head. It looked so shamelessly slutty -- the way she was stroking me and licking me. And while I knew her sister was watching and I should end this immediately, it felt too good for me to stop her.
"That's all for now, Big Boy." My wife said as she smiled up at me and stroked my pole with her hand. "I'll take care of you later tonight when we play our little game." Shelly added. "But right now, I want you to go upstairs and take your underwear off and put on a pair of sweat pants for the movie."
I glanced over to where Trina had been standing, but she was gone. Shelly stood up next to me and squeezed my cock, snuggling her head into the crook of my neck, but never letting go of my cock. "Get going," Shelly said, "and remember, no underwear!"
I gave Shelly a questioning look, but she gave me a scowl, nodded her head and pushed me toward the stairs. Now, I know better to question my wife when she gives me that look, so, I did exactly what she said. But as I turned out of the kitchen, I ran into Trina who was sitting at the bottom of the staircase with a smile on her face.
"Don't worry," Trina whispered, "I won't say anything. She'd be horrified if she knew I walked in on you guys." Then, Trina giggled, and stood up. She leaned over close to me and asked, "What game are you guys playing tonight, Brad? Is it something I'd be interested in?"
I was speechless and didn't dare answer her. Trina obviously could read the hesitancy in my eyes, and she grinned at me. Then she asked, "No underwear for the movie? What's that all about?"
I knew better than to keep standing there. I held my hands up and shook my head, and at the same time, she walked right past me and into the kitchen where Shelly was.
I figured Trina wouldn't say anything about what she'd seen or heard, so I headed upstairs. I passed the bathroom in the hallway and as I walked by, I got a glimpse of Emily brushing her hair in the mirror. What really caught my eye was the fact that Emily changed into something more comfortable for the movie -- a gray cotton sleep shirt that came down to mid-thigh and each time she stroked her hair with the brush, her sleep shirt rose up. I paused for just a second, without her seeing me, and watched her to see just how high the sleep shirt would come up her leg, but when she seemed to be finished and set her brush down on the counter, I decided I better get out of the hall and get changed as Shelly told me to do.
Closing the bedroom door behind me, I sat down on the bed and thought about our trip so far -- how I'd handled Trina and Emily's bras and discovered the size of their tiny breasts. How Emily saw me with my wife's crotchless panties and how Trina walked in on us while Shelly was sucking my cock. Plus, if my wife's promise to take care of me was fulfilled, I was going to be a mighty happy camper tonight!
I followed Shelly's instructions and changed into some sweat pants, leaving off my underwear. I looked in the mirror to make sure my dangling dick wasn't too noticeable, and seeing that it wasn't, I put on a fresh t-shirt and trotted down the stairs. For an instant, I wondered if Trina would say anything about me not having any underwear on, but by this time, whatever she said or did was completely out of my hands so I decided not to worry about it.
I heard the girls laughing in the kitchen, and when I entered Shelly handed me a cold beer and said it was movie time. As we left the kitchen, my wife reached over to casually feel my crotch, and when she verified I took my underwear off as she requested, she smiled up at me. When we got to the living room, she pulled me over to the couch and pushed me down at one end. Then, looking over at her sisters, announced she was going to go get changed too, but for us to go ahead and put the movie in.
Trina sat down on the opposite end of the couch and drew her legs up to sit cross-legged. The way she was sitting gave me a perfect view of the crotch of her shorts, and just as I glanced over at her, she moved one of her legs and when she did, her shorts gaped open and I saw a flash of white between her legs, which I knew had to be her panties.
"Fuck!" My mind cried out, and I consciously tried not to stare, but, I couldn't help it, and each time I glanced over at Trina, it seemed like the legs of her shorts were open more and more. Trina wasn't even paying attention - she was trying to tell Emily how to use the remote control for the DVD player -- completely oblivious to the fact that I was looking at her crotch and stealing glances of her silky panties.
I could feel my hard-on returning, and, beginning to worry that it might be seen, I leaned forward and folded my arms over my waist, and tried my best not to keep looking at her. I was doing good until Emily got down on her hands and knees in front of the DVD player, which caused her sleep shirt to ride up her backside, giving both Trina and I a wonderful view of her yellow panties pulled tightly across her butt.
I looked over at Trina and she just smiled at me. But as I looked back at Emily and then once more at Trina, I saw Trina was trying to stifle a giggle as she shook her head. I figured it was okay to gawk at Emily's butt since Trina seemed to think it was so funny, and I did. For the next thirty seconds I sat there and watched Emily's ass wiggle as she looked at the front panel of the DVD player. During that time, her legs spread a tiny bit -- just enough for me to see the little triangle of her panty covered pussy between her legs.
Trina never said a word or made any effort to say anything to her sister, but when Emily finally got the DVD tray open, put the disk in and leaned back on her haunches, Trina leaned over to me and whispered, "That's two you owe me."
Shortly, my wife came down the stairs carrying a light weight blanket and proceeded to plop herself down between Trina and me and cover us both up with the blanket. As Emily turned to look at us, I got a perfect look between her legs as she kneeled; seeing the whole gusset of her yellow panties pulled up tight against her pussy. Emily had no idea she was shooting me the best upskirt I've seen since ninth grade.
Of course, my cock was as hard as it could be, and I silently prayed Shelly's hand wouldn't go searching for it under the blanket -- at least until it had some time to get soft again. I didn't relish the idea of having to explain to Shelly why I was hard, but, I found out it wouldn't matter, because as soon as the DVD started to play, Shelly snuggled up next to me and laid her head on my shoulder to watch the movie. I glanced to the left -- just past my wife, over to Trina to see her looking at me, and as we exchanged glances, Trina adjusted the way she was sitting, opening her legs up in a lewd, suggestive manner and then turned her attention to the TV screen.
Finally, we were watching the movie and I got the feeling things were going to be okay. But about ten minutes into the movie, Shelly lifted her head up and whispered in my ear, "Pull your sweat pants down a little so I can play with you." I looked down at her, not believing she was serious, but the look on her face told me she was absolutely serious and if I didn't believe she was, I believed it when I felt her hands on my hips trying to push my sweat pants down.
Being under the blanket would give us some cover, and I knew Shelly wouldn't get too wild with her sisters in the room with us, so as carefully as I could, I inched my sweat pants down to my thighs and Shelly snaked her hand between us and grasped my cock. I looked down at her when she wrapped her fingers around it, and when she found me hard, her eye brows popped up and I saw a faint smile turn up at the corners of her mouth.
I quick glance over to Trina and Emily told me neither of them had seen my slight movements to lower my sweats, or seen my wife's hand in my crotch, so I settled back into the cushions to watch the movie while my wife held my cock -- stroking it from time to time and squeezing it lightly -- all just enough to keep me hard and on the edge.
I have to stop my story for a minute and explain about the movie we were watching. This is a movie called "You, Me and Dupree", about an obnoxious guy who's a little down on his luck. His old friend offers to let him sleep on his couch for a few days until he can find an apartment of his own. Now, this movie has a scene where the friend's wife comes downstairs in the middle of the night and clearly catches this guy masturbating on her couch. Of course, the wife is embarrassed and the guy is embarrassed, but when we got to that part of the movie, Shelly's sister, Emily, gasped out loud, "Oh my Gawd!"
Trina started to laugh and so did Shelly, who was still mildly playing with my cock under the blanket that covered us. Even I thought it was funny and I laughed, too -- until the irony of the scene hit me - I was sitting there on their couch with my cock out, and Shelly was very close to masturbating me, right in front of her sisters.
Before I knew it, Emily reached for the remote control and paused it. "I can't believe that!" She exclaimed. "The guy is doing that.... right in her own house!"
Trina shook her head and replied, "Emily, you're so naïve.... guys do that all the time. It's like a daily ritual for them."
Next thing I know, Shelly, Emily and Trina all immediately looked at me. Without letting go of my cock, Shelly sits up a little and says, "Well, tell us Brad...... is it true, do guys do that everyday?"
I saw the smile on Shelly's face and I knew she was just trying to have some fun at my expense, but, her hand didn't stop squeezing me when she put me on the spot.
"Come on," I said, sarcastically, "everyone does it. Guys do it and chicks do it, too. Even the three of you do it and if you say you don't, then you're lying."
"Hell," Trina said, interrupting me, "if I'd have been that woman, I would have just been quiet and watched the guy do it. I love seeing a man do himself!"
"Me, too!" My wife said, giggling along with Trina. "I say If he's gonna do it in front of you, you might as well watch. I mean, what's the harm, right?"
"That works for me!" Trina said.
I guess it was obvious from the comments that Trina had seen a guy stroke himself before, and Shelly eluded to the same fact, too. But Emily was quiet now and when the giggling died down after Trina and Shelly's comments, Trina turned to Emily and asked the million dollar question.
"So," Trina said softly to Emily, "I take it you've never seen a guy masturbate before, huh?"
"No!" Emily exclaimed. "Why would I want to see that?"
"Because it's hot." Trina replied. "They really get into it..... their eyes go all squinty and you can see them get..... uh..... erect..... and then their things start to throb...... and, uh..... you know...... they just explode!"
By now, both Shelly and Trina were in a fit of laughter. It was clear that Trina was very dialed in to what happens to a man when he jacks off, and it was also clear that Emily wasn't.
"Well, if you ever get the chance," Shelly said to Emily, "my advice is that you do just what Trina said -- keep quiet and watch because watching a guy touch himself will give you the biggest clue how he likes to be touched, and that's something every woman should know about her man."
There was some sage wisdom in my wife's words, and neither Emily nor Trina said anything when Shelly stopped speaking. That is, until Shelly turned to me and said, "Isn't that right, Honey?"
All three girls exploded into laughter, and all I could do was turn red and nod my head, which made them all laugh even harder. I had to admit, it was funny as hell -- and given the fact that we were all sitting around talking about masturbation anyway, I didn't feel like Shelly was picking on me, or trying to make fun of me at all. But, through all of this, Shelly's hand never left my cock and she never once released her grip.
When Emily started the movie up again, though, things changed. Shelly's hand picked up the pace and she was definitely staring to jack me now. She wasn't just holding me and squeezing me anymore, she was starting to jack me off under the blanket. I looked down at her and she simply looked up at me and then turned her head to watch the movie, but, her hand didn't stop. I looked down in my lap, and the ambiguous bulge in the blanket was visibly moving as she stroked my hard cock.
To make matters worse, I glanced over to where Trina was sitting and she was looking at us -- staring right at the moving bulge in my lap. There was no way Shelly could see her with the way her head was resting on my shoulder, and so she just kept on -- stroking my cock under the blanket, with no knowledge Trina was watching everything she did.
And, Trina was true to her word, that's for sure. She didn't look away for even one instant -- not even when our eyes locked and it was clear she knew what Shelly was doing to me under the blanket. As her eyes returned to my crotch, she smiled like the Cheshire Cat and then did something I would have never expected -- she dropped her hand directly into her crotch and started to lightly stroke herself between her legs, on top of her shorts.
Of course, this got my attention and I started to stare at her, too. Looking up at me and seeing I was watching her, she got bolder and started pressing her fingers against her crotch, almost exactly where her pussy would be. All this was totally unbelievable -- Trina knew my wife was stroking my cock under the blanket no more than four or five feet from her, and she was almost doing the same thing to herself. My cock grew hard, really hard and as I continued to watch Trina, she continued to watch us.
The way Shelly was stroking me felt really, really good, and while I didn't think she was trying to make me cum, I knew she was trying to get me close and I wasn't fighting it. After a few more minutes of my wife's attention and watching Trina, I finally laid my head back on the back of the couch and just stared at Trina's hand as she teased me.
Finally, I just gave up and decided I'd watch Trina touch herself, keep a look out for more panty shots from Emily and let my wife stroke me. One way or the other, something was going to give.
To be continued...