"So let me get this straight." Jack said in disbelief as he sat with Jeremy at the Airport Marriott. "You were in Hawaii at the same time as Greg and his wife?"
"Right." Jeremy quickly answered.
"And not only did you see her topless at the beach, but you're telling me that she stripped off her bikini in front of you and a bar full of guys for a contest?"
"Right!" Jeremy raised his open hand and Jack responded with a high five. "And she looks better in person than in that photo Greg showed you last time we all met."
"Damn, of all the dumb luck!" Jack shook his head, annoyed he missed out on the fun.
"Some of what happened was just pure luck." Jeremy confessed. "After hearing that story about Greg and his wife playing strip poker while the contractors were in the house, then seeing that photo of her in that bikini? Well, let's just say it stuck in my mind and I needed to do something about it."
"What do you mean?" Jack was now intrigued.
"Well, I was in the process of planning a weekend in Honolulu when one of the guys at Sittarra said Greg's company sent him to the islands as a reward for a project they completed. I just decided to alter my itinerary some."
"So you followed them?" Jack was impressed by Jeremy's cunning. "You do look like a stalker!".
"Up yours too! Anyway, I just figured I'd catch them on the beach. I only wanted to see if she was really that hot in person."
"So how did you go from seeing her in a bikini, to seeing her topless, and then getting her to strip, especially with Greg present?"
"That part was just dumb luck. I was hanging out in this pub in the hotel basement when I find out they customarily bet women to swim nude in the hotel pool. There's a window inside the bar that has a view into the pool!" It was clear that Jeremy was enjoying this part of the story.
"The first night at this bar, I find out about it from this hot looking waitress, Mandy, who takes me up on that bet and jumps in the pool wearing her birthday suit. After she gets out of the water she tells me a lot of women do it; they're away from home, it's exciting, and they make a few bucks on top of it. So I get to thinking and say, "I'd love to see my buddy's wife do it."
"So you got her to recruit Greg's wife?" Jack says, astounded.
"She just kind of took it on as her own personal challenge. A few days later I pointed Lisa out to Mandy on the beach and she smiled while checking her out. Then I notice Greg and his wife headed down by the topless beach area and the next thing I know I'm looking at Greg's wife's tits on the beach! Between that and the story Greg told us of her showing off her body in front of the contractors, I was thinking that getting her to swim naked by the pool window wouldn't be a big stretch for her."
"And as you said, it wasn't!" Jack piped in.
"Well, it wasn't really that easy. But Mandy sensed something and said she'd get her in the pool for sure."
"And she really did?" Jack responds shaking his head.
"Sure did. Take a look at this!" Jeremy pulled out his iPhone and showed Jack two pictures.
"Holy crap. Is that her? Not just a great set of tits, but look at her hips and ass curving out from that tight waist!" Jack stared at the screen in disbelief. "I can't fucking believe I didn't get in on this!" Jack continued anxiously. "Did she get off right there?"
"Fuck no ... it was a public bar!"
"I didn't mean the actual bar. I was just wondering if maybe she ... you know ... coming out of the pool in only a towel ... maybe back at the room she does a private show and gets horny like Greg said she did that time? Who knows, it happened once!"
"No such luck. But I tell you one thing." Jeremy now whispered. "This girl Mandy thought Greg's wife would have had some fun with her if she had pushed it."
"I wonder if Greg knows his wife is such a hot potato. I mean more than he is letting on?" Jack was now intrigued.
"Now that you mention it. I wish I'd have thought of it!" Jeremy got all excited as he pounded his palm into his forehead.
"What! There was more?" Jack nudged him.
"No, but I should have thought about that ... a more private setting." He paused. "I would love to have seen if Mandy really could have got her going." Jeremy stared into space.
"Gee, listen to us Jeremy. This is our buddy's wife we're talking about, like some stripper. We'd better cool it."
"Yeah, I guess." Jeremy quieted down.
"But I sure wish I'd have seen her get naked in person too." Jack sighed.
"Maybe you can." Jeremy said after a pause. "You still have that timeshare in Orlando?"
"Sure, but I thought we just said we'd better cool it?" Jack reminded him.
Jeremy handed the iPhone to Jack. "Hey, Greg told us she's a bit of an exhibitionist and I've seen that she is. So what's the harm in our Jack getting a little look too, ayah?" He patted Jack's arm.
----------------------------
"Hi Greg." Jack called me on my cell about two months later. "You want to meet up?"
"Are you here in Tampa?"
"No, Susan and I are at our condo in Orlando. Maybe you and your wife are interested in joining us for a few days?" Jack asked.
I was surprised that he asked if Lisa could come along. "Lisa too?"
"Well, being my wife is with me ..." Jack started to say.
"Yeah, that's true. It's not far away from here. Are you sure Susan even wants company?"
"Sure. It's not like we do much with our time alone. Maybe a little company with another couple is what we could use." Jack said earnestly.
I knew Jeremy and Jack talked. It crossed my mind that Jack was trying to check out Lisa as well, but since Jack's wife would be there, I decided to give it consideration.
"Alright, I'll ask her." I promised.
"By Tuesday?"
"Yeah, by Tuesday Jack ... and thanks."
----------------------------
I called and asked Lisa if her sister could watch the kids while she joined me for three of four days in Orlando. The company would pay for her ticket since I wasn't using mine to go home. She was a little surprised we'd be staying with a couple she'd only met briefly once before, but I was also surprised at how quickly she agreed.
"Sure Greg, if my sister is available, I'll come down. I could use a long weekend."
That Thursday we all met in Orlando.
----------------------------
Jack's condo was awesome; vaulted ceilings with two bedrooms. There was a sunken living room facing a fireplace just outside the dining area, just off an open kitchen. At the other end of the living room, facing a golf course and encased in a semi circle of frosted glass, sat a large Jacuzzi.
I immediately imagined Lisa sitting in that Jacuzzi in the buff. Part of me remembered how awkward I felt about Lisa's nudity in front of Jeremy, but part of me remembered that I was also somewhat excited by her being topless in front of him and Mandy. In fact, sex with her that night was, well, insatiable. I wondered if the possible rewards outweighed the risk.
"So Greg, what do you think?" Jack asked. I didn't quite take in what Jack said because my mind was busy visualizing Lisa naked in the Jacuzzi; so I didn't answer immediately.
How well Lisa warmed to Susan would determine if I would get to realize that vision. If Susan were open to being nude in the Jacuzzi, then I was sure Lisa would go along. If not, there'd probably be some hesitation on Lisa's part, at least while Jack and Susan were in the room.
Either way, I couldn't wait to get Lisa in that Jacuzzi naked at some point, even if it had to be while Jack or Susan were out shopping.
"Uh Greg? Something wrong?" Jack interrupted my thoughts while I daydreamed.
Lisa poked my side. "No, not at all. I'm just impressed with how nice this place is." I piped up. Lisa saw me looking over at the Jacuzzi more than a few times and wrinkled her brow at me wondering what I was thinking, though I think she had some idea.
The first day was uneventful but nice. We had dinner at a nice Bohemian fish house. Jack and I traded some stories about work and the girls got to know each other. Every time I looked at Susan, I wondered about Jack's fears about her having an affair. She was quite chatty and friendly, which could be taken as flirtatious, but maybe Jack took it for more than it was.
Jack and Susan were a few years older than Lisa and I. He was still good looking with strong features that could pass for a Mark Spitz that was a bit older and pudgy now.
Susan was attractive too, hiding her years very well. She had very nice large eyes that tapered at the edges, giving her a slightly Asian look; though she was of Italian descent. Susan was slim, with small perky tits. Her best feature was her nice round butt, which was more pronounced given her slim hips. I consider myself a tit man, but that ass was hard to ignore. She was what my friends would call a 'spinner'. Although her frequent chatter might be a little wearing, she seemed to be a nice person.
We headed back to the condo for some more drinks. When we settled in, Jack saw me looking over at the Jacuzzi.
"You want to give it a try?" Jack invited.
"Yeah, it looks very tempting." I replied.
"Want to take a dip?" I said to Lisa.
"Maybe later tonight, before we go to bed." She replied.
After a little more conversation and drink, Jack and Susan decided to turn in for the night. "Well, we're heading up to bed." Jack announced.
"I just want to let you know that Susan and I don't wear anything in the Jacuzzi, so it's okay if you two do likewise." Jack offered.
Susan elbowed him and pretended to be a little shocked. "We'll leave you two alone for the night. Enjoy the Jacuzzi. Just do me a favor and put the cover on if you can remember when you leave." She added with a smile.
They climbed the stairs to one of two bedrooms separated by a loft area overlooking the living room. I realized that whoever might be in the loft would have a good view of the Jacuzzi as well.
Lisa headed toward the stairs a few minutes later.
"Aren't we going to use the Jacuzzi?" I asked thinking she changed her mind.
"Sure, I'm just going to get my robe." She replied.
"Good point." I said realizing that we wouldn't change back into our clothes after getting out of the Jacuzzi, meaning we'd have to climb the stairs in the buff.
We went upstairs. I quickly undressed and draped a towel around myself while Lisa fetched her robe.
"No suit?" Lisa responded to my wardrobe.
"The only way to experience it." I quickly responded.
"So you're okay with us being nude around Jack and Susan?" Lisa seemed more to be asking me if I were okay with it for her own sake.
"Sure, if they are. Are you?"
Lisa pulled off her panties and grabbed her robe.
"I guess so!" I said excitedly.
Lisa wore the same robe she had on when she walked to the outdoor shower during our trip to the Cape. It brought back memories and started getting a rise out of me. The short, silky, pink robe did little to hide her curvy figure. Her nipples stood out in the material framing her breasts, which swayed as she came down the stairs. Lisa showed a lot of leg and as she came down the stairs. I was thinking that if someone were downstairs, they'd likely get a quick flash from under the robe.
We both settled in at the edge of the Jacuzzi, letting our legs get adjust to the hot water before we submerged. I still had on my towel and Lisa her robe.
"Well, ready to take the plunge?" I asked as I pulled open the knot holding my towel.
Lisa looked down at me. I didn't exactly have an erection, but my cock was quite full, though soft. I have a pretty flat stomach and the way I was leaning back as I entered the Jacuzzi must've been appealing to Lisa.
"You look good, Greg." She said. Lisa and I almost always end up having sex whenever she says that. I wondered if that would be possible tonight since we were still in an open space.
Lisa opened her robe slowly. She leaned forward causing her breasts to fall into the opening between the lapels. Her nipples remained hidden. This cautious undressing made her even sexier. I wondered how Jack and Susan would react if they were watching.
Lisa pulled open the bottom of the robe, showing a wisp of dark hair while her legs remained closed in a sitting position. She then pulled the robe slowly off her shoulders causing her breasts to push out prominently.
Arching her shoulders, Lisa opened the robe and let it drop to the floor behind her. Once the robe left her arms, she returned her hands to her sides and placed them on the ledge. Slowly she lifted her butt off the edge and gradually lowered herself into the Jacuzzi.
She had shaved her pubes in a neat little strip, running down her body, stopping just above her pink lips. Those lips were very visible until they finally disappeared into the warm water.
Needless to say, this was all a little too sexy for me and I made my way over to Lisa immediately. She ended up on my lap, lying against me, causing her upper body to float on the surface of the water. Her body glistened in the dim room light, her wet skin getting sprayed by bubbles just at the surface.
I leaned over to kiss her as I caressed her breasts. Lisa let out an appreciative moan before reminding me about our hosts.
"If they come back out, they'll see us." Lisa said turning back and looked up towards the loft area.
"Doubt they will, they're either asleep or doing the same thing!" I said haughtily.
The thought of being seen did excite us. Lisa closed her eyes and was now enjoying the frontal massage I was giving her.
My fingers slid easily over her wet skin. Her head swayed in a rhythmic motion in concert with my hands as she kept her eyes shut. Every so often she would let a soft moan pass from her lips as a finger came in contact with a sensitive part. Finally my hands slid below her stomach and she tensed; she knew where I was headed.
My hand found her little furry mound. Lisa was very sensitive as I brushed over it. I quickly found her little nib, massaging it lightly then moving up and massaging just above it, on her pelvis bone; Lisa's erogenous zone is actually about two inches above her clitoris.
I put my leg under her to keep her body at the surface. We were both looking at her exposed body in anticipation of her climax.
I was hoping that Jack or Susan was secretly watching us. I could tell from Lisa's glances up toward the loft that she was thinking the same, making the moment even more exhilarating as Lisa's body convulsed into orgasm.
----------------------------
We all ate a delicious breakfast of omelets the next morning, prepared by Jack.
"Well, Susan and I like a little morning wakeup in the Jacuzzi after a cup of coffee." Jack said just before he slid the bite of his omelet into his mouth.
"I don't blame you. Lisa and I really enjoyed it last night." I said looking over at Lisa who, I'm sure, was thinking about her floating orgasm as well.
"Well then, feel free to join us. But if you have any problem with that, we'll wait until you two go out later." He offered.
I looked over at Lisa to gauge her expression.
Susan helped me out by quickly volunteering. "Only if you're comfortable, Lisa. It's okay with me if it's okay with you." Susan said, implying that she was comfortable with being nude in my presence too.
"The younger women don't seem to wear much out in public these days, so I'm not really sure that it matters much to these guys." Susan added almost as if she was disappointed that we wouldn't consider it much of a rush anyway.
"Well, I feel bad about having to make you wait to go in." I said, giving Lisa a way out.
"It's fine Susan." Lisa responded.
Jack smiled as he realized he would be seeing Lisa nude as well. I'm sure it was one of the motivations of his invitation.
Lisa had exhibited herself some with the contractors, and fully with the caretaker at the Cape, the surfer, and especially the bar in Waikiki! But there was something even sexier about this situation, because it just seemed more, well, intimate.
The girls went upstairs to change and fetch their robes, while Jack and I took turns grabbing towels in the downstairs bathroom. We were pretty quiet in anticipation of seeing each other's wives in the nude.
"I guess you don't have to hear Jeremy gloat anymore." I said to Jack knowing how he ranted about Jeremy having had the opportunity of seeing my wife topless.
"I wasn't really thinking about that Greg." Jack lied. "The setting is a bit different and I have Susan with me."
It was true. What transpired in Hawaii seemed more like a spring break story and Jeremy was a known hound-dog. This was more normal and intimate, though I thought Jack was getting the better of the trade than I.
The girls came down and I watched Jack taking in Lisa's curves under her clingy thin robe.
He was about to step into the Jacuzzi when Susan cut him off.
"Uh, let the ladies get in first, Jack." She quickly interjected as she came down the stairs.
I wondered why she said that, but then understood when I though back to the night before and remembered seeing Lisa's pussy lips as she climbed into the Jacuzzi. Susan must have done this before and knew that having the men sit and watch the ladies climb in was a little explicit and somewhat chauvinistic.
In any case, Jack and I turned around while the girls took off their robes and climbed into the Jacuzzi. Of course we stole a peek and even winked at each other as we did.
Lisa looked stunning as she stood in the water about thigh deep. Her large breasts sloped out over her flat stomach, her nice round ass flared out from her small back.
Susan looked exactly as I thought: small perky tits, pointy nipples, sporting a great ass. Susan's ass would be tempting to any man. I let the thought move out of my mind in order to keep from getting an erection.
Jack and I soon followed, both sitting at the edge. Jack took his towel off first, having no problem with his nudity.
I waited a little longer and watched Susan's eyes move down my body when I removed my towel. I also noticed Lisa looking over at her while Susan was checking me out.
I was semi-erect by now and Lisa giggled, "Greg, I think you should just get in quickly." She received a knowing smile from Susan.
Lisa popped up a few times, displaying her tits. Jack never missed the action when she did. After about fifteen minutes Susan stood up and announced that she had had enough. She stepped up on the ladder leading out of the Jacuzzi, pausing to fix her hair. Her slim waist and round ass was about two feet from my face. I couldn't help but take in the show playing out in front of me.
I presented a look of apology towards Jack. He just shrugged his shoulders and sunk a little deeper into the tub, probably to hide an erection. I know it would happen to me if Lisa had presented the same pose to Jack.
Susan climbed out of the tub. Lifting her leg over the edge of the Jacuzzi, I caught sight of her sex. I looked to the side to find Jack had his eyes closed, but Lisa tilted her head to the side making a "you enjoying yourself" face at me. This time I shrugged and settled lower in the tub with my erection.
Thinking about the situation, I wondered if turn about was fair play. "I think I'm done too." I said. Lisa locked onto my eyes giving me a 'what are you doing?' kind of stare. I put my arm on her shoulder reassuringly before getting up, wrapping a towel around myself, and heading up the stairs leaving Jack and Lisa alone in the Jacuzzi together. I left the door to my room open so that they didn't think I was leaving them alone on purpose.
From my perch in the room, I could see them. Lisa had her back to me. I didn't worry about Jack looking up because he was focused on Lisa. I heard them chatting for a few moments, then I heard Lisa say she was getting out.
She stood up in front of Jack and tied her hair back, letting her breasts just pop out in full view above the water. Jack looked straight up at her with no hint of propriety. He inadvertently admitted that he had spoken about her figure before.
"Our other friend Jeremy said you ... well ... you had a great figure. He's wasn't exaggerating." I was surprised at Jack's openness with his wife still in the house.
I saw something move from the corner of my eye and realized Susan had left her door open from across the hall. She was parading around her room still nude, bending over her bed as she picked up one piece of clothing and then the next. Her round ass was very visible and moved my attention from the Jacuzzi to her.
I suddenly remembered what was going on down stairs and I returned my attention to the tub. I was surprised to see Lisa still standing and talking so casually with Jack though she was nude.
"And you guys talk about these sorts of things do you?" I heard Lisa say, trying to sound innocent.
"Well, only things worth mentioning." Jack answered.
"You know Jeremy well then, yes?" Jack nodded affirmatively"
And he told you he ran into Greg and me in Hawaii?" Lisa now opened up. "At the topless beach?"
"Yes, and the pool and the pub too." Jack said freely.
Lisa was now standing on display in front of Jack for more than ten minutes. I'm not sure he looked up at her face more than a few seconds of that time. I was amazed that she did this in front of someone she knew. I became very excited as I imagined myself in his place.
"Things got a little out of hand in the bar. I don't know what you must think of me?" Lisa continued.
"I think you are a liberated woman who's proud of her, um, figure." Jack said trying to find a fine line between compliment and lecherous.
"Actually, that's not the case at all." Lisa giggled. "It was just the situation."
"Like now." Jack stared down Lisa's body.
"Yes." Lisa blushed and looked down at her exposed body so close to Jack. She put her arm over her breasts pretending some propriety. "Only because Greg is okay with it."
"So you're okay with whatever Greg is okay with?" Jack smiled subtly, sunk down in the water, and closed his eyes, leaving Lisa wondering what he inferred by that last statement as she stepped of the tub.
Lisa moved away from the Jacuzzi, bending at the knees to pick up her robe. Her curtsy hid the money shot that she showed the caretaker at the Cape. But her figure was bowed so that her breasts hung down from her body. Her back curved down to her hips, flaring out and around her derriere. It must've looked like a nude art painting to Jack as his eyes opened wide to take a look.
My erection was getting the better of me when I heard a voice.
"You should close your door, Greg." Susan whispered across the loft.
I looked up and saw her looking at me from across the hall.
"Your wife is beautiful. I like your reaction." She smiled and started to close her door.
"Yours was open too." I replied knowingly.
"Yes, I know." Susan smiled and finished closing her door.
Lisa climbed the stairs and caught Susan's door closing, but said nothing.
When she reached our room, I met her at the door, towel still in hand, and gave her a strong kiss. "God you looked so hot in that Jacuzzi!"
"Giving Susan a good show?" She interrupted walking into the room.
"That was an accident; I was watching you and was distracted. Speaking of shows, you gave Jack quite a nice one."
"You left me there with him. I had little choice." Lisa lightly scolded. "True, but you were standing up for a while there."
"So you were watching us?" Lisa pulled away some.
"I just found it interesting!" I laughed mischievously. "Besides, Susan was here, what could happen?"
I brought Lisa closer and pulled her robe open to the side. By now my erection was large and pressing against her tummy. I wanted to change her petulant mood.
"What do you want to happen?" She said in a sexy voice. "It seems you like your friends seeing me naked." Lisa said as she squeezed me in just the right place. "Don't you?"
"Not at first. But after Hawaii, yes I do."
"Do you know that Jeremy told Jack all about Hawaii? Do you think maybe that's why Jack invited us here?
"It did cross my mind, but since his wife is here, I didn't think that was the reason."
"I'm not sure it's a great thing that your friends are comparing notes about seeing me naked. They might tell other guys too and everyone will think your wife is some sort of ... I don't know ... stripper!"
"You're sexier than any stripper I've seen." I said as Lisa looked at me deadpanned. "Besides, all they can do is talk." I waited a few seconds before adding. "And jack off!"
Lisa's mouth opened in surprise. But she looked down at my erection and massaged it a bit more. "You mean like this?" A minute later she had me down on the bed, rubbing the head of my cock up along her moist pussy lips.
----------------------------
We went out to dinner later that night. Jack picked up the bill. We took a nice stroll on warm night through Church Street and headed back to the condo. Since we had already all been in the Jacuzzi together, there wasn't the anticipation of the first night. I definitely felt Susan staring at me this time, while Jack flicked his eyes toward Lisa many times as we relaxed in the tub. I wondered if they were using the situation to enhance their own love life; not much different than what Lisa and I were doing.
----------------------------
Things changed a bit Saturday morning when Jack's doorbell rung.
"Ah, who the hell is that?" Jack grumbled as he got out of his comfortable chair and walked to the door.
My anxiety went up about for notches when I heard Jack's greeting. "Jeremy?"
"Hi Greg!" Jeremy answered happily. "I was in Savannah and was staying for the weekend. I had no reason to go home, and Jack told me you guys were here for the weekend. I figured I'd come down and take you out to or dinner or something. Are you surprised?" Jeremy moved into the house.
"Hi Jeremy." Susan greeted Jeremy as he walked into the room.
"Jer..." I started to say when it struck me, "you know Susan?"
"Sure. The condo is looking good Susan, as are you." Jeremy stopped to give Susan a peck on the cheek as he greeted her.
My stomach was gurgling as I wondered how Jeremy would react to seeing Lisa for the first time considering he sawallof her in Waikiki.
"Ah, Lisa is here too! Good to see you again Lisa." I was surprised that Jeremy didn't emphasize the 'see' part. "You're looking as good as I remember."
I was certainly feeling uneasy with the change in plans. The last time Jeremy saw Lisa she was wearing a towel after swimming nude in the pool after taking that dare. But Lisa took his greeting as a formality. I was wondering how long it would take Jeremy to start talking about what happened in Hawaii in front of the girls.
It wasn't Jeremy that moved the conversation off in that direction though.
"Oh, I didn't know Lisa had met you before?" Susan inquired, looking back at Jack who evidently didn't mention it to her.
"Well, I, uh." Jeremy was trying to choose his words carefully as I stared at him. "I ran into Lisa and Greg in Hawaii a few months back. That was my first introduction to Lisa." Jeremy smiled at Jack, who smiled back knowingly. "I certainly enjoyed meeting her." He said, adding to my chagrin.
"Well then, we're just headed over to CitiWalk. You want to come with us or are you boys staying back here to catch up?" Lisa tried to quickly change the subject.
Susan led the way that night. We went out to grab some treats while touring CitiWalk. Lisa and Susan stopped in a few shops and looked around while the guys hung out and talked about work.
Jeremy didn't make any other comments about Lisa; he was more interested in some of the passing women. Lisa and Susan were dressed to kill, but in comparison they showed less skin than many of the women now in Jeremy's view.
"See that one!" Jeremy interrupted us. "That's just torture ... she shouldn't be allowed to wear that in public." He motioned at a woman in her mid twenties wearing terrycloth white shorts that hugged her body just above her ass, a strip of material from her g-string rising above the waist. Her shorts stopped just below her ass and she wore a tube top that left most of her breasts showing, and both her nipples noticeable beneath the material.
Lisa and Susan surprised us, suddenly appearing just as Jeremy was finishing his observation.
"You guys enjoying yourselves?" Lisa said directing her words more at me.
"Oh sorry Lisa, it's just that, well ... I mean?" Jeremy gestured toward the woman.
"I guess I can't blame you if she's going to pack all that into that scrawny outfit and present it in public. At least Jeremy's single." Lisa addressed me pretending as if to admonish me.
"I wasn't looking at HER Lisa." I answered as everyone laughed at my lie. "I was just imagining you in that outfit." I added in jest to bail myself out. It was the wrong joke to say with the guys around.
"Amen to that!" Jeremy piped in.
"Really!" Jack let out. He glanced at Susan then quickly tried to change the subject. "So, is anyone interested in dinner in a couple of hours?"
"Jack, don't you remember?" She said. "I'm going down to my sister's house after dinner. I need time to drive in daylight and should be back early tomorrow morning." Suddenly my uneasy feeling surfaced again. This situation seemed too coincidental. I didn't think Jack had forgotten. I was now wondering if the guys had planned this entire weekend.
I had the same uneasy feeling in Hawaii when I first saw Jeremy. Though I was uncomfortable with the events in Hawaii, I was pretty thankful later with the 'out-cum'. It provided me a few great memories of Lisa that most husbands never get to see from their own wives. So I ignored my first impulse, which was to separate us from the guys once Susan left.
We ate at Puck's restaurant. Jeremy tried to load drinks into the girls, prompting me to look around for a wet t-shirt contest sign or some other reason, as was his motive in Hawaii.
"No more for me." Lisa said to the waiter. "I'll be the designated driver for you guys."
"Well, we do need someone sober!" Jeremy laughed.
"Then I'll be." Susan added. "I have to drive down to Boca after dinner anyway."
Jack made a face that suggested he didn't believe her trip was to her sister's house.
At dinner's end the guys and Lisa all had a light buzz on that lasted through our return to the condo. Susan grabbed a suitcase and left immediately for her sister's house after receiving a hearty goodbye from all of us. "Nice to meet you Susan. We'll see you tomorrow." Lisa added.
I offered to carry Susan's suitcase to her car. When I said goodbye Susan put her hand firmly on my stomach, which tightened to her touch.
"Too bad I won't get to SEE you again tonight." She smiled and closed the trunk. "By the way, Jack was quite amorous last night! Maybe Lisa inspired him? I know you inspired me." She smiled and pressed her hand against my stomach as if to test how hard it was and mumbled something that I did not catch as she got into her car and left.
I went back into the condo thinking that I'd better not find myself alone with Mrs. Robinson, a.k.a. Susan, or she would test my resolve. Jack's fears about her fidelity might be warranted.
When I walked back into the condo, Jeremy and Jack were on the couch opposite Lisa. As I had feared, Jeremy had turned the conversation to Hawaii.
"Then she gives Greg a kiss and saunters up to the bar. Next thing I know, Lisa is in the pool and well ... she really put on quite a show." Jeremy said with a noticeable buzz on.
"You have guts Lisa!" Jack replied. "I sure couldn't imagine getting Susan to do that!"
Actually, I was thinking just the opposite about Susan. "Couldn't keep that story in, ay Jeremy?" I interrupted.
"Our main entertainment when we get together is reliving stories!" He replied
"True, but that one's a little sensitive." I reminded him. He shrugged in response.
"You guys seem to share a lot of stories. How about telling me one of yours?" Lisa said to Jack after a few moments of uncomfortable quiet.
"Well, most of what we talk about is work." Jack replied.
"Nothing about your wives or home life?" Lisa pried.
"Not really. Jeremy here went through a messy divorce, so we don't really talk much about his home life." Jack snickered.
"How long ago was that Jeremy?" Lisa inquired after giving Jack an admonishing look.
"About three years now."
"Is anyone in your life now? What about that woman Mandy that we met in Hawaii?"
"Nobody since the divorce. That left a bad taste in my mouth. Mandy was great, but it never got to anything beyond that week." He said honestly.
"Hmmm." Lisa responded, thinking about something that I wouldn't learn until much later.
"Susan seems nice." Lisa turned to Jack.
"We're actually separated. We get together occasionally to see if we can work things out."
Lisa was really surprised to hear that. I didn't realize this latest bit of news either, which now explained Susan's behavior somewhat.
"See, our lives are just boring, that's why we rely on Greg to have a life." Jack said in a matter of fact way.
I cringed as Jack said that because I was hoping Jeremy wouldn't bring up the story I told about Lisa teasing the contractors in our home the previous year. He didn't, but Lisa did!
"Oh that's right. In Hawaii Jeremy said something about the contractors in our home?" Lisa leered at me.
"Ayah." Jeremy seemed to wake up at this, "That little ditty about you two playing a little card game with the contractors in the house. That was a good one!" Jeremy said as he went to the fridge and got some beers, as was his custom.
"Can we talk about one of the other nice stories I've told you about my life?" I said knowing I was now in the hot seat. I couldn't believe Lisa was letting this go on.
"Sure, but that one seems to stick in our heads more, ayah Jack?"
"You have to admit, Greg." Jack added as he drained a cool one.
"Okay, let's change subjects." I insisted.
"Before we do change the subject Greg, why in the world would you tell your friends an intimate story like that?" Lisa shot her words at me.
"I'm not sure why either. I was talking about the work we were doing on our house, actually. The next thing I know, it just kind of came out as part of the story. I suppose I had a few too many beers in me. Sorry, it just flowed out." I said thinking Lisa really didn't know how much of the story had come out.
Lisa made her way over to the kitchen as the conversation became quiet.
After a few quiet moments Jack tried to break the silence. "Well, anyone want to move to the Jacuzzi?"
"I'm not sure Lisa would be comfortable, being the only woman here". I pointed out.
Jack surveyed who was actually in the room before saying, "Sorry Lisa. I wasn't thinking ... since we've been in already." We, meaning Jack; I could tell he was trying to one up Jeremy.
"Not Jeremy." I interrupted.
"Right, but I assumed, given Jeremy's story ..." Jack added.
"Jack, that doesn't mean anytime you guys are around that ..."
"You need some water too Greg?" Lisa interrupted while holding up her glass.
"Uh, yeah." I replied to her distractedly.
"Here." She held up a glass for me to come and get.
"Sorry, that's not what I meant." Jack replied before I could finish my sentence to him.
Lisa handed me the glass, then said in a low voice. "Well, since you like to tell steamy stories about your wife, I'm surprised you don't want us all to jump into the steamy Jacuzzi."
I was starting to wonder why Lisa was suggesting it herself. So I decided to test her. "I just wasn't sure you'd wanted to, being the only woman here."
"Didn't you tell me the other night that you like your friends seeing me naked?' "Lisa pushed me teasingly.
"I guess I did." I said quietly. "But I wasn't really being serious."
"No? But they both have." Lisa raised her eyebrows. "Let me think about how I should punish my husband for telling steamy stories about his wife." She said as she walked back to the couch slightly drunk with an exaggerated sway of her ass.
I wondered what she was planning, but I was also concerned about her reaction if she uncovered how much detail I let out about the infamous contractor story?
"So you told them about the card game and me taking off my clothes while the contractors were downstairs?" Lisa continued as if the conversation never changed.
Then I noticed Lisa slip her tongue between her lips as she looked at me. She did this when she was horny and I realized she intended some serious teasing. I assumed it would be short lived, but the events that followed would change that plan. I just nodded as I joined her on the couch.
"Did Greg tell you about our trip to the Cape too?"
"We didn't hear that one!" Jeremy piped up. "Do tell us!"
I let her go so that the story would veer away from the contractor story. So I leaned my head back to signal, "Go ahead if you must." In reality, I was wondering what affect this would all have on Lisa.
"Greg insisted that I try the outdoor shower while the caretaker was working in the yard."
Jeremy clapped his hands. "And he saw you in the shower?"
"He saw me in and OUT of the shower." Lisa sounded suddenly naughty.
"I guess Greg likes to show you off. I can't blame him. So you let the caretaker see you in the shower, the contractors play strip poker with you, and then, I'm proud to say, I witnessed that infamous strip for the pub!" Jeremy laughed. "I'm so jealous, Greg. What a wife you have, to do that for you!"
"So you told these two the contractors played strip poker with us?" Lisa raised her eyebrow wondering why her husband added that little ditty. "Hmmm." Lisa looked over at me questioningly, her tongue pushing up against her top lip.
"No, I just said they sat down to show you a game! Come on guys, stop making it worse." I defended myself.
She suddenly reached over to an end table to grab a deck of cards lying within view. "That's true. It wasn't poker I played with the contractors; it was some game they played in their Eastern Europe homeland."
"What game is that?" Jack was now intrigued.
"Let me show you." Lisa started dealing some cards to my surprise.
The guys quickly followed as Lisa sat down next to the coffee table next to the couch.
"Actually, we were sitting around a table just like this." I listened in anticipation, as did the Jack and Jeremy.
Lisa then leaned over and whispered to me. "Do youreallylike to show me off?"
The sultry look on her face left me in stunned silence as my erection overrode my brain. I didn't think she'd go far with her tease ... until that moment.
Lisa took my lack of response as a yes and quickly reached for the cards."Let's try a hand then."
"What do we play for?" Jack suggested.
"How about the same stakes as you did the first time?" Jeremy laughed not realizing he was about to get his wish.
"Well, if we're getting in the Jacuzzi anyway..." Said Lisa said with a sly look.
Both Jack and Jeremy swallowed hard in response. They knew that Lisa role played having sex with the contractors. At this point Lisa had no idea I went to that level of detail with my little tale.
"... When you lose all your clothes, you have to get into the Jacuzzi. Ready Greg?" Lisa gave me a lustily look.
Lisa lost the first few hands and stripped off her foot silks then removed her bra from beneath her shirt. The act of removing her bra was sexier than if she had only removed her shirt.
Jack cleared his throat as Lisa pulled the bra from her sleeve and dropped it onto the floor. Her nipples were hard and pushed hard against the material, making the shape of her breast more noticeable.
Jack and Jeremy lost the next few hands.
"You may be going in before Lisa." Jack egged on Jeremy.
"Ah, we'll all end up in there anyway." He shrugged.
But Lisa kept the anticipation high. "Is that so? Then let's play that the last player doesn't get to go in!"
This immediately intensified the game. None of the guys wanted to be left out since Lisa was closest to going in. Lisa got a low hand again and removed her pants. We all knew just her shirt and panties remained.
Jeremy then lost four straight hands before we realized that he was likely throwing the game in order to make sure he was going to be in the Jacuzzi. Jack did likewise for two hands before Lisa lost once again. The anticipation was soaring as Lisa lifted her shirt above her bare breasts. The guys inhaled deeply as her shirt caught under her breasts causing them to bounce as the cloth released its grip from her body.
Lisa watched their eyes. Her face was flush. She was definitely getting hot and horny, which seems to occur whenever she exposes herself. I watched her tongue dart out more frequently.
I tried to lose a few hands to catch up to Jack and was somewhat successful; no one cared if he game lasted longer while Lisa sat there with her lovely tits on display. Jeremy ended up in the Jacuzzi first, followed quickly by Jack as he lost the next. Their Willies had perked up and I watch Lisa take in the view as each made his way to the tub. Jeremy's had surprising girth.
"That was stupid Jack." Jeremy called from the Jacuzzi. "Now all Greg has to do is throw all his hands and it's just the boys." He pondered a moment. "Lisa, would you still bring us some drinks in that case?" He laughed. "It wouldn't be so bad being served by a topless waitress."
I won the next few hands leaving Lisa and I both in only our underpants. She whispered. "Had enough?"
"You're really going to go in there without me?" I asked incredulously.
Lisa took a deep breath, slowly closed her eyes for a second, and subtly licked her lips. To this day I'm not sure why I didn't throw my hand. I guess I didn't think she'd do it. But Lisa threw away the cards that would have won the game for her. I mouthed a "wow" and realized she was about to climb into that Jacuzzi with two men, none of whom were me while I had to watch.
"I'm out." I turned my stunned face towards Jack and Jeremy. They were equally stunned because I think we all understood at that point that Lisa could have averted the situation, but didn't. And neither did I, which meant?
Jack and Jeremy sat up tall in the Jacuzzi and Lisa approached.
"Greg, you can bring the drinks over!" He laughed.
I retrieved the container of single malt Scotch at which Jeremy was pointing. I handed the bottle to Jeremy's waiting hand. He stood to pour the drinks, his semi erect and very fat penis on display. I saw Lisa's eyebrows rise as she took notice.
Jeremy handed out four shot glasses, clinking glasses with Jack and Lisa. "To the winners!"
"Greg, can you go get my robe for me?" Lisa knew this would put her alone with them for a few minutes at least. Then she took my shot glass, which I hadn't downed yet. "I'll take this in the meantime." She laughed and drank it in one gulp. I realized at this point that she was going to go beyond exhibitionism. I guess I wanted to see her do it because I started climbing the stairs to the loft
Lisa had a heavy buzz going. Knowing how horny she already was, I knew the effect the alcohol would have on her already low inhibitions. I turned to watch Lisa remove her panties. Other than penetration, I'm not sure if there is anything sexier than a curvy woman removing her panties as her last garment. She shifted her hips side to side as she pulled the panties over them and lowered them past her knees. Her full breasts hung down as she bent to lift each leg through the panty. Her legs were close together, most likely hiding her sex, making it all the more provocative to their prying eyes.
I saw Lisa look up at me. The guys didn't notice because their eyes were riveted her strip of pubic hair. Her velvet pussy lips must have been quite visible to the guys as she parted her legs to step over the edge of the tub and into the water. I stripped off my underwear while she watched, my erection bouncing out of my shorts. I grabbed a towel and Lisa's robe quickly from our room, but took my time in the loft so that I could watch Lisa, Jack, and Jeremy from this high angle. It was quite erotic to see her step down into the water naked with two men just feet away in the Jacuzzi.
Lisa turned to sit but fell back into the water slightly before righting herself. Jeremy put his hand out to help catch her. She tried to sit up, but ended up falling down onto Jeremy's lap. There was my naked wife, sitting on my naked friend. When she reached down to steady herself, her mouth and eyes opened wide. I'm sure she realized his cock was pressing against her ass. I'm sure he wished it was a direct landing. "Oh my!" Lisa laughed in embarrassment as she looked down into the water.
Jeremy took the opportunity to put his hand on her right tit. He leaned his head back in pleasure for a moment. I'm sure he thought he was about to fuck my wife. But Lisa suddenly bolted away and floated herself back to the adjacent seat. "Sorry Jeremy. I couldn't get my balance." Lisa tried to sound very surprised by the moment, and then gently sank below the water.
I tried to calm myself (and my erection), thinking the storm had passed and started down the stairs. The guys gazed down at my wife's body. With her eyes closed there was no reason not to. I think we all thought she was now sleeping it off.
Though I was excited by the events of the past hour, I was relieved because I wasn't sure how to react when I saw Lisa on Jeremy's lap. But the Jacuzzi bubbles stopped just as I reached the landing. Jack didn't realize how loud his voice was with the bubbles suddenly stopped and that last part of his sentence was heard by all of us.
"Wow, like when she pretended to do the contractors." Jack said.
Lisa's was submerged up to her neck and her eyes were closed. She opened her eyes at this and looked first at Jeremy, then at Jack. "Pretended to what?" Lisa was suddenly more alert. She sat up, bringing her nipples to the surface.
"You know, that story about the contractors?"
Holy Shit! There it was! was all I could think as I reached the tub.
Lisa turned to look for me. Finding me, she signaling with her index finger to come closer.
Lisa stood up and leaned over toward me so that she could whisper to me privately. This also had the effect of curving her back so that her ass was thrust out toward Jack and Jeremy.
"You told them I pretended sucking off the contractor?" It wasn't quite a whisper. Though her voice was partly slurred her tone was incredulous.
I was about to come up with some type of excuse when Lisa suddenly put her tongue between her lips again and peered her eyes at me.
"It wasn't just a role play for you was it Greg? That's your real fantasy, isn't it?" She whispered, staring into my eyes.
I barely got out, "Lis, it's just a fantasy."
"Is it? You didn't stop me from drinking and getting naked in a hot tub with your friends."
Lisa rolled her tongue across her top lip seductively, fanned herself, and stepped back toward Jeremy and Jack. "Get me some cold water Greg, I'm getting hot."
What a double-entendre that was! I quickly got a pitcher of water from the kitchen and poured a glass for her. I wasn't sure how pissed at me she was, but maybe this water would cool her off. I returned to find Lisa still in the same position; Jack and Jeremy had their eyes glued to her ass. Jeremy's fat cock was now at full staff.
I kneeled down next to her and gave her the glass. Lisa took a sip. "So you told these guys what a naughty girl I can be?" She said like a loud drunk. Then she poured the glass of cold water slowly over her head, around her neck and let the rest drip down her breasts; her nipples rising quickly in response.
Jack and Jeremy sat up taller. We were all speechless.
"Oooh, that feels good." Lisa said as if someone just stuck their cock in her.
My cock rose up like a towel rack due to my subsequent erection. She said seductively. "You like that don't you? She dipped the glass into the water and slowly poured it over her breasts. "Is that what naughty girls do?"
We were all quiet as mice until Jeremy's voice whispered, "Yes."
"Since Greg tells naughty stories about me. Did he tell you what we did next?" Lisa reached out, grabbed my rock hard cock, and started masturbating me while looking at them.
Lisa knew I would either have to confess or suffer any consequences she had in mind. I didn't know what the consequences were, but at this point I didn't care.
"Yes I did." I stared back at Lisa to call her dare.
She turned back and proceeded to put her mouth around my erection. Lisa worked her tongue so well that I came within minutes.
"Holy shit!" Jeremy gasped.
Lisa looked down at my now failing cock and up into my eyes. I realized that Lisa was about to bestow my fantasy. I also realized I wanted to see it happen. "I even told I'm not sure what you would've done if they walked back in the door when you were sucking me off".
Lisa motioned for me to give her the pitcher of water. I did and she slowly poured it over her shoulders and across her breasts. She had turned so that the guys got the profile view. The water dripped down her chest, her back, and over her ass. "Mmmm." Lisa breathed out as the water cascaded down her body.
"Oh my god!" Jack and Jeremy cried out in unison.
"So what do you guys think I would have done? Fuck the contractors with him watching?" Silence as nobody would admit the obvious. Then Lisa said it, "Is that what we're all here to find out?"
"Yes it is." Jeremy said calmly, admitting the plan.
Lisa lowered herself back in the water and floated across to Jeremy, coming to rest against Jeremy's leg. He looked up at me to judge my reaction, but I didn't change my expression.
Lisa wiggled onto his lap and then reached down to take hold of his cock. "That's some handful. Are you related to Dobry?" Even with the alcohol in her, Lisa clearly remembered the scene, names and all. I suddenly wasn't so sure she didn't actually do Dobry at some point.
She slowly rose up to position herself over him. I could see Jeremy's very fat tip just under and between Lisa's legs before she sat down.
"Oh!" Her mouth and eyes opened wide. "Oh my ... gawdddd!" I watched Lisa's reaction to trying to get him inside her. She closed her eyes and grimaced a little before leaning her head back to find her rhythm.
I could tell she was feeling sensations she hadn't felt with my longer but thinner member. I watched her rise and fall on Jeremy's fat cock, and found that I didn't mind because she looked so sexy.
I nodded very subtly as I locked onto the image of Lisa riding atop Jeremy, his hand on her narrow waist just above her curvy hips, the other reaching around front and holding the weight of one of her tits as they bounced in rhythm.
Jack moved closer to them, hoping to interact, his cock straight out.
"Is this what you thought would happen Gr...?" She looked right at me but Jeremy's thrust interrupted her. "... Oh, oowh ... And the other guy?" She reached out, took Jack's erection in her hand, and started to massage it. Jack moved his hand to her other tit. Lisa pulled him into her face by his ass cheeks and took his cock into her mouth. She began to pump her ass down harder on Jeremy, which is a signal she is close to orgasm. Jeremy announced that he was about to come.
"Mmm ... MMMMMM... Mmmmmhhhh!" escaped from her cock filled mouth before she closed her eyes. Jeremy screamed out. "Fuck!!!" as he came in response. Lisa moaned as her orgasm approached "OHHH! Oooowwwaaahhh". Jack's grunted as his cock popped out of her mouth just as a stream of cum spewed forth. Lisa somehow had the presence of mind to aim his cock down at her chest. She then exploded in orgasm, as his hot cum splashed her tits while she feeling Jeremy spew inside of her. I hadn't seen three people come in succession like that even in a porn movie.
. The image of the three of them would be etched indelibly in my mind.
When I thought I had heard everything, she looks at Jack and says. "Would you mind if Greg fucks your wife, Jack? I know she wants to fuck him."
I had never heard Lisa say "fuck" this way before, emphasizing the "f" quite hard.
Jack was startled, but didn't answer. After all, Lisa didn't fuck him. But she made him a better offer. "I'll return the favor." She said looking at him lustily. My erection was back, good as new. Lisa was looking at it, but seemed too worn out to dismount Jeremy
"I think Susan would love to fuck Greg." He quickly added.
All this talk had Lisa still humping Jeremy, but he had shot his huge load. Lisa looked down and saw his cum floating beneath them in the hot tub. She sat up as if she were never tipsy and started out of the Jacuzzi. "Now youreallyhave a tale to tell!" She said looking at me. "Be sure to tell some other friends about this latest tale Greg, I'd love to meet more of them!"
I couldn't tell if she was punishing me for letting out intimate details about us, or if she just went over the edge and decided that she wanted to do more of this. Her parting kiss confused me even more.
----------
"Greg, I don't know what to say." Jeremy waited for my response.
"Let's just keep this between us, please Jeremy?" I asked because of his normal boisterousness.
"Sure man, no problem. She's incredible." He looked up the stairs as the back of Lisa's nude body moved off the top step, out of sight, and into our bedroom.
"Yes, she is." I answered.
-----------
I woke up alone in the bed. My first thought was that Lisa wanted more sex and was down in the Jacuzzi with the guys already. I had a vision of her riding Jeremy and blowing Jack as I threw on my robe and rushed down the stairs, only to find Susan and Lisa on the couch and Jack already in the Jacuzzi. I looked around for Jeremy.
"He had to drive back." Jack answered my silent question.
Lisa had on a very skimpy robe that was showing off lots of cleavage, the nipples barely hidden. Her legs were bare with just a slip of material over her crotch.
"Hi there, Greg." Susan said as I sat down. Her small nipples were hard and her bare legs were thin and strong. "It seems I missed all the fun."
Lisa got up. "I'm going in." She dropped her robe slowly as she walked over to the Jacuzzi and stepped down into it.
I started to follow when Susan grabbed my hand. "It's my turn Greg."
I looked over and saw Lisa float over and rest on Jack's lap. She nestled into his arms and he reached around to massage her tits.
"You mean Jack's turn." I said to Susan.
Susan moved towards me and I noticed that she was wearing only an athletic t-shirt, nothing below. "Lisa told me everything. I've been very horny ever since I heard the story."
Susan's abs and legs were in great shape. Her pussy was shaven. She pushed me onto my back and shuffled her knees into position over me. "Lisa wants to watch you fuck me." She smiled.
With Susan's knees now astride my hips, she lowered herself down onto my cock, which had grown hard when Lisa dropped her robe. Susan was a small woman but despite being a few years older, her pussy felt very tight. She pulled her shirt over her head, leaned forward so that her breasts touched my chest, and then pushed her ass down and forward, sliding my cock deeper into her pussy. Then she curled her back as raised up, pushing her pelvis against mine. She repeated this motion, looking as if she were riding a horse.
I looked over from the couch and saw Lisa gently rising up and down. She had obviously mounted Jack, who was looking down at her ass, mostly likely watching his cock slide into her pussy. Lisa was watching Susan and me intently. I wondered how these three were able to put this little plan together so quickly.
Seeing Lisa on Jack made my erection rock hard again. This was confirmed when Susan moaned. "You've got a long cock, Greg!"
Lisa let out a hard moan when she heard what Susan said. I looked over to see Lisa's tits bouncing while she fucked Jack, and then turned my focus on Susan. I took hold of her hips, and thrust myself deep inside her tight pussy. I didn't come right away due to the fact that Lisa wore me out the night before (we had sex again before going to sleep) and being a bit nervous about fucking Susan in front of Lisa and Jack.
That was fine with Susan though. She pumped herself to orgasm after a long hard ride. I heard Jack come a few minutes earlier. Just knowing he came into my wife while Susan slowly rolled her hips and pussy on me triggered a huge orgasm for me. Susan's eyes grew wide. She told me later she could feel the force of my semen as I released myself inside of her.
----------------------------
Jack and I talked last week. It's been about eight months since that weekend in Orlando. Jack and Susan's relationship is doing much better now. Jack thinks it's because sex with someone else is no longer something Susan needs to hide. It seems that if Susan gets a stranger, if only once a year, it satisfies her thirst. The rest of the time she and Jack get on quite nicely; the suspicion is gone.
I'm not sure if Lisa and I are officially swingers now, it only happened that once. But Lisa's loves exposing herself for me and if the situation is right, I'm sure we'll share moments and people like that again. Besides, Dobry and Gerik are scheduled to tile our kitchen in a few weeks.
... And there will be more Tales to Tell.