It was another cool, sunny day at the beach house and Cassandra was desperate to go out in the sunshine. Her husband, as usual, was not interested in leaving his huge, lavish house so after he grunted a "no thanks," Cass wasted no time putting on some pink spandex shorts, a pink sports bra, and hopping on her bicycle.
The young blonde loved to ride and take in all the sights on these lazy summer days. Even more, she loved being the sight that so many of the passersby stared at as she rode by with a smile.
Her golden blonde hair was tied in a ponytail: it shone in the sun and fluttered carelessly in the gentle seaside breeze. Cassandra's smile and her sparkling eyes were nearly as brilliant as the light dancing on the ocean waves. But, most captivating of all, was her body.
Magnificent, massive breasts sat high on her chest, wondrously round and soft. Below her beautiful boobs laid her narrow, toned waist and below that was her plump, round ass.
The sports bra, or actually three of them worn in layers, kept her big jiggly tits under control, for the most part. But they could not hide her size any more than throwing a bed sheet over an elephant would.
Cass's fantastic ass pressed softly against her bicycle seat and bounced cheerfully every time she stood up to pedal or hopped off to take in the sights.
She peered all around herself from behind large black sunglasses to catch the gazes of men and women alike. It was a relatively quiet community, and she loved to think she might be the talk of the town for taking a simple bike ride.
That morning, after only a thirty minute ride, she'd spotted four men who stopped mid-conversation to gape at her and one who actually got slapped by his wife. Every hungry stare she got made her body flutter with excitement and her head buzz with fervent fantasies.
Cass had been riding mostly the same circuit as she did yesterday and seeing some familiar faces along the way. She recognized this part of the beach club from the glowering, wrinkly old woman who sat on the porch next to her smiling, wrinkly old husband who stared at her with an open mouth while giving a weak wave. Cass stood on her pedals, leaning forward and showing her deep cleavage as she happily waved back at him as she passed by, much to his wife's chagrin.
She wondered how they liked the view of her round ass, and whether their neighbor from a few doors down might be out again this morning. Soon she had her answer: he was, and he was shirtless, sipping coffee on a lounge chair.
He had a tanned, toned body with combed back brown hair, black sunglasses and a matching black speedo. The busty blonde's eyes fixated on his tight, tiny underwear and when she determined there was a healthy bulge, she hit the brakes hard enough to make an audible skid.
His eyes raised to hers and her gorgeous smile burst forth.
"Hi! Good morning!"
He immediately stood, checked his posture and removed his shades before approaching, warmly returning her greeting, "Good morning!"
"Do you know anything about bicycles?" She asked. "This thing has been clanking and making grinding sounds and I'm afraid it might fall apart on me," she giggled, rolling her pristine, expensive bike to the front door of the handsome stranger's beach house.
"I, uh, I can definitely take a look for you!" He answered, grinning like a fool.
"Cassandra," she introduced herself, thrusting her delicate hand forward. He gripped it firmly, his strong hands were warm from his coffee mug.
"Antonio," he replied.
She pushed the bicycle past him and up the stairs to his door before leaning it on its kickstand.
"I know what you're thinking," she told him, "why should I be concerned about falling off my bike with airbags like these?"
Cass thrust her chest forward and lifted her big, round breasts with both hands, giggling at her own joke.
The Italian man laughed heartily, perhaps only a tad disingenuously, and said, "No, no, no! I wasn't thinking that at all!"
His tanned, closely shaved face was blushing. He quickly crouched down to examine the bike, embarrassed. Cass quickly checked out his back and leg muscles before leaning over to get a closer look at the bike with him.
"I don't see anything wrong with it... Looks like a nice bike to me."
When he turned around, he immediately noticed Cass's tits looked even bigger. She had taken off two of the three sports bras and dropped them to the ground, keeping her eyes on Antonio's Italian sausage and meatballs. They stood staring at each other, speechless, as his cock grew and pressed against his speedo.
"Sorry," the smile on her face growing just as his dick was, "I'm just getting a little... hot."
Cass didn't know if this guy had a wife and kids in the house or not, and she didn't really care. He was smiling back but clearly didn't know what to say, so she grabbed his hand and led him around the back of his house.
It wasn't as big and fancy or expensive as her husband's place up the road, but it had a nicely secluded backyard with a patio surrounded by well-trimmed hedges.
"Those pants look a little tight on you," she told him while taking a seat on a lounge chair, "why don't you take those off and get a little more comfortable?"
Antonio was repeatedly blinking his eyes, maybe thinking she was just a mirage that would disappear when they reopened, but there she was - just as hot and horny as hell itself.
His lips slowly mouthed the words, "Oh my God," as he bent over, pulled off his speedo, and tossed it aside.
When he stood back up, his fat juicy cock was staring Cass right in the face. He was practically hairless, she figured he must be an avid swimmer.
"Oh, fuck yes, Antonio," she moaned with a smirk, "I'm just starving for a plump Italian sausage."
He chuckled, still in disbelief. Cass reached out and grabbed his shaft with her left hand and got a handful of his balls with her right.
"And such big meatballs, too? You're simply spoiling me, Tony." Her voice was a light and throaty purr now that he was in her grasp.
She slipped off the lounge chair and onto her knees, gazing up at him with wide eyes.
Both of them were nearly drooling, savoring the delicious anticipation. A bead of precum hung glistening from his tip. She hadn't even stroked him yet: her hands only held him, squeezing gently.
Cass let go and watched his rigid cock bob and throb. His size and shape were much like a fresh, ripe banana, curving noticeably upward.
She could tell his heart was racing as she bit her plump lower lip, pulled off her sunglasses and sweetly asked this man she had met less than five minutes ago, "Can I taste you, Antonio?"
His mouth agape, his brown eyes locked on her dazzling blues, he bashfully answered "ye-" and before he could finish a single syllable she grabbed the base of his fat dick and shoved his tip in her salivating mouth.
His entire body shuddered at the sudden and wet embrace of her full lips. He trembled, shook and throbbed even more a moment later when her tongue lightly caressed and tasted his hot hard cock. She drew on him succulently, moaning loudly and joyfully like his dick was made of her favorite candy.
"Holy fucking shit..." He groaned with oohs and aahs in hot, throbbing bliss.
Cass slurped and sucked and drooled all over him, making a noticeable puddle on the ground between them in less than a minute. Antonio was having a hard time keeping his posture; he felt lightheaded as every bit of blood in his body traveled to his cock that could.
The slutty busty blonde let go of his thick dick. He looked down at her, bewildered, as his steel rod bobbed and throbbed while watching her enormous, incredible tits fall from out of her bra and bounce wondrously on her chest.
She gazed up at him with spit and precum dribbling down her chin and a sweet, pleading look in her eyes.
"Do you like my tits, Tony boy?"
He answered in a heartbeat. "God, yes. Yes."
Smiling, she asked, "Do you want to put your big, hard fucking cock between them?"
He answered like his life depended on it. "Yes. Y-yes."
"Why don't you sit back and spread your legs for me, baby?"
Obeying like a well-trained dog, Antonio scrambled to a chair, planted his feet and spread his legs. Cass approached him on all-fours like a lioness coming to feast on a fresh kill. Her huge round tits wobbled with every step. Her sweet, round ass jiggled along behind. Antonio's eyes were almost as wide open as his mouth as he watched her.
When at long last she crossed the few feet of distance between them, she buried her beautiful face in his warm, wrinkly ball sack. Kissing and sucking, she reached a hand around to pull his extreme erection down to her face and started stroking his wet shaft. Groans and stammered words came out as his face rose toward the sun: the only sight in the galaxy hotter than what was before him.
When he brought his eyes back down to her, Cass released his balls with a pop from her plump lips. She smiled at him playfully, clearly she was enjoying this intense excitement. Holding him firmly, she pressed his shaft sideways against her fat, left tit and raised her fat, right tit to make a sandwich featuring his cock as the meat and her spit as the sauce. Releasing her grasp on his shaft, she held him now with both breasts.
His moans sounded like desperate begging and his hips started thrusting needily. Cass giggled and held him tenderly, pressed there in her burgeoning bosom.
"Boys sure do love boobs," she teased as he thrust upward and into her chest in a manic trance. He moved ravenously and was breathing quickly.
"Take it easy, Tony boy!" She smiled and laughed at his depravity.
"Don't cum too fast, now," she told him.
He couldn't even hear her over every cell in his cock, balls and brain telling him he had found heaven and begging him to never leave it.
"No, no, no, you bad boy," she chided him in a voice nearly as soft as her amazing tits.
Hands pressing down on the edge of his seat and his arms and legs straining to grind into her creamy cleavage, the dirty Italian man showed no intention of slowing down. The blonde bit her lip and dropped her big tits, eliciting a dejected grunt from the man who continued humping the air for a moment.
"If you're just gonna buck like that," she stood up, stepped each of her legs over each of his, and squatted over him, "then you'd better take me for a ride, Tony boy."
Pulling her pink spandex shorts to the side with one hand, Cassandra used the other to grab his stiff, curved cock and slide his shaft against her wet, slippery clit. He watched and moaned, still and quiet, while she tossed back her cascading golden hair and groaned lustily into the summer sky. The cool sea breeze was tickling her bare skin and stiffening her hot, pink nipples all the while steamy heat was mingling from the grinding of their groins.
Like rutting animals, they gazed into each other's motionless, focused eyes. She stroked him as she slid his rock hard length against her clit, letting all the accumulated saliva pour from her lips to help lube him up. Tony's hands reached up and squeezed her huge, hanging tits making her gasp. So soft and sensitive, she started gyrating her hips while still squatting low on him.
"You're so fuckin' hard."
"Oh my God, baby," Tony finally managed to get a few words out, "let me fuckin' fuck you already," he finished ineloquently.
She laughed at him. "All right, baby," she kissed his hot dick head with her wet pussy lips, "but you better warn me before you cum, or else you'll never, ever see me and my juicy pussy or these big, perfect titties ever again."
"I will, I will," he hurriedly assured her.
With a satisfied smirk she firmly drove his throbbing tip inside. Both of them exhaled hot, horny breath that swirled in the cool air between them. Still groping her fat, milky boobs, he held on tightly now as she pressed down and let her pussy devour him one excruciatingly delicious millimeter at a time. Her supple thighs shook and his rose eagerly to meet hers.
Concentrated entirely on the sensation of him inside of her, Cass relished the banana-like shape of Antonio's hard, thick cock. Mounting him, face-to-face, his head curved inside to press against the front of her tender vaginal walls in the most splendid way.
"Oh my God... yes..."
Shuddering and shaking all the more from the sweet sensation, Cassandra plunged his hot cock deeper and deeper one thick, throbbing inch at a time. Then, as she suddenly fell forward, Cass planted both hands on the side of the chair and her hair draped over both of them like a golden shroud while her huge tits bounced against either side of Antonio's stubbled jaw.
Each of her big, ripe melons was bigger than his head. The greedy man wasted no time grabbing and sucking hard on her left nipple.
Some days her nipples and her breasts were more sensitive than others: he had groped and squeezed her tits just a few seconds earlier but now that his strong mouth was pulling hungrily at her hot pink nipple, she couldn't help but cry out at the intense feeling.
She lost her slow pace and accidentally sat down hard on his big, thick dick which turned her outcry into a near scream.
Her mate growled as he sucked, his body was hot with the excited thrill of having this sumptuous feast plopped on his lap. He had chosen not to question his good fortune but to enjoy every moment he could before he awoke from this unbelievable dream.
Cassandra's pussy ached at the sudden intrusion; nearly all of him was inside her in an instant. So hot, wet and intense it felt that for a split-second she thought she had been impaled and blood was pouring from the wound. Eyes clenched shut and mouth open, wailing, Cass tried to steady herself as the insatiable Antonio began pumping as he sucked.
"OOooohhh! OH! OHH! OHHHHH! ooohhhh..." the big-tittied blonde let out manic moans as her searing hot pussy was stretched and filled with the big Italian sausage it had been drooling over.
His thrusts were short and frenzied, her lips gripped him close as he went in and out as fast as a hare in heat. Their feverish breaths catching and starting again with every few pumps, Cass's muscles tightened as did Tony's grasp on her breast.
Finally the quaking spasms quieted and she felt some small semblance of control again.
"You horny devil," she teased, "don't you dare cum in my pussy, Tony boy."
Humping wildly and without rhythm, his face pressed deep into her fantastic bosom. He was obviously struggling to breathe. This was not the first time one of Cassandra's lays had chosen burying their face in her sweet breasts over breathing air, nor would it be the last, she mused.
Her pained expression from moments earlier had disappeared and now she smiled widely as she rode her Italian stallion at a swift, galloping pace. Bucking, bouncing and slapping his meaty balls against her round, jiggling ass: somehow his mouth had yet to lose its grasp on her stiff, slippery nipple.
He was a slave to his senses and she couldn't help but taunt him more.
"You just love suckin' these big fuckin' tits, dirty boy!"
Every other word came out of her mouth while his dick was all the way in her pussy, making them extra guttural.
"Oh, God yes! I can feel your balls smacking against my ass! Oh I know you wanna fucking cum inside me! There's so much fucking cum in those balls, baby. I know you just wanna knock me up and make me yours! OH FUCK YESSS!!!"
He fucked her tight, wet hole faster and faster with every word she spoke. The bouncing busty blonde beamed with pride and satisfaction. Her hot, wet hole was being filled so well and fucked so hard that she had to bite her tongue to stop herself from just outright telling him, "thank you, I really needed this."
Despite her deep gratitude to him for deep dicking her, Cassandra had always found it more enjoyable to play sultry and aloof and she hadn't been fucked hard enough to change her ways quite yet.
Gathering her golden hair behind her head and turning up to bask in the sunshine, she shamelessly bounced and rode her stallion for what felt like miles.
Straightening her back, she pulled away from Antonio's hungry, clinging mouth on her tit but his face simply came along with her, refusing to release his grasp. His persistence was admirable, but as much as she loved it, his favorite nipple of hers was getting quite sore.
She squeezed his heavily breathing nose shut. Instantly, he awoke from a trance and opened his eyes to see the woman of his dreams was still there on top of him.
"Oh my God," he growled, "Oh my God. Feels so fucking good."
He hadn't slowed down at all, and now her big fat fun bags were smacking his cheeks and his chin with every thrust. The rapid wet, slapping sounds of his thick cock plowing her tight cunt were beyond obscene.
She couldn't believe how fast and how long he had been pummeling her pussy. It was nearly all she could do to stay upright, but Cass managed to pull his head to her unsucked tit. Like a good boy, he didn't hesitate to latch on and after only a moment of pulling and sucking at her, she was cumming.
Cassandra shook and shrieked so hard that birds flew scared from nearby trees. Her pussy and her nipples and her pretty little head were practically in flames.
Everyone in the beach club and every boat within five miles of the coast must have heard her agonized wailing carry through the air.
Cass's hands combed her goosebump-covered flesh and reveled at her own touch over every inch of her glorious body. Never in her life could she remember a better feeling than this man's curved cock just gave her.
Cass's senses were soaring through the sky like an eagle: miles in the air with free, open air flowing through her hair and over her skin. She had never had an out-of-body experience like this, and when she looked down to see herself riding this handsome man, frantically fucking her dripping wet pussy and needily sucking her massive, wondrous tits, her head spun and reeled.
Her beautiful eyes rolled in the back of her head and she went limp. The busty, bouncy blonde had no idea if it had been a second or an hour when her eyes reopened. It was Antonio's strange voice that roused her attention.
She hadn't heard him speak much, since his mouth had been chronically clamped on her boobs, but now she could hear him panic, "Cumming! Cumming! Oh, I'm gonna cum!!"
Far beyond lightheaded, Cassandra stumbled back onto her feet then down to her knees as he stood up from under her. Normally she'd take the reins and make him cum right where she wanted, but at that moment she couldn't have said or done anything about it if her life depended on it.
He stood crazed before her, hunched over and jerking off frantically, desperately. Then, like a dog marking his territory, he released everything he had onto her dazed and delicate face. Right as Cass found her tongue and tried to speak, his white hot load blasted her between the eyes and spattered all over her face.
Her eyes closed instinctively and, before she could reopen them, more hot sticky cum sprayed into her nostrils and coated her plump, pouty lips. Her mouth opened to breathe, now that her nose was filled with his seed. Immediately, her tongue was bathed in semen and thick driblets ran down her chin.
She swallowed his rich, heavy seed without a second thought.
Raining cum droplets flew from his furiously masturbating hand and speckled the blonde's deliciously curvy body. Not done yet, another rope of cum landed on her forehead, creating a stripe that ran all the way down to the tip of her tongue.
She squealed and squirmed at the sticky barrage but she couldn't bring herself to move out of the shooting gallery. Still more white hot cum shot from his cock square onto her breastbone, splattering and showering her tremendous tits with his genes. More and more came to downpour all over her glorious rack.
Writhing and moaning: Cassandra felt every dribble and gob of thick, gooey sperm stick to and run down her ample, supple breasts and cling to or dangle from her rock hard and red hot nipples. Twitching with the aftershocks of her own orgasm, and now painted white with his, Cassandra was at a total loss for words.
She never wanted the moment to end. Feeling this virile man's huge, hot load coat her sumptuous body as her own girly cum poured from her cunt was the most delectable experience she had ever known.
Her eyes opened cautiously, afraid of another blast. There was Antonio, laying cross-way on the lounge chair: his head and legs dangling from either end with his big cock and balls hanging like the most tempting fruit in the Garden of Eden.
On hands and knees, with big sticky tits swaying and nipples nearly touching the ground, Cassandra prowled towards his wet, throbbing dick.
She had to thank him, in her own way, for that incredible, transcendent orgasm and for all the parts of her that this big banana touched, rubbed and coaxed into ecstasy.
Cass put her hands on his thighs and licked his shaft, making him twitch and stand up for her again. Wrapping her lips around his tip, she tasted the salty, sticky cum that he had left for her.
Completely glazed in his seed, she couldn't help but think that being filled with his cream would make her feel even more satisfied. She felt so greedy, so slutty, and so lucky to be right where she was sucking this big, thick, sticky cock.
No matter how her tongue fluttered on his head and her cheeks caressed his shaft, Antonio was down for the count. Cassandra's heavy tits hung below her, swinging back and forth and dripping with jizz as she thoroughly licked, sucked and cleaned his meaty cock and balls.
His chest rose and fell heavily with large breaths and muttered moans of disbelief and exhaustion. When her mouth had gathered every spat of sperm she could find, Cassandra pooled it at the back of her throat, savored it a moment, then gulped it all down.
It was then, finally, that the sex-crazed haze around her thinned. Now she could hear whispers and rustling of hedges. Coyly looking about, she noticed neighbors pressed against the all sides of Antonio's property line, pointing at them and murmuring.
That was her cue. Cass hopped up, tits jiggling and dripping with cum, and after swiftly tugging a sports bra over her sticky rack she bounced around the corner and onto her bicycle.
Her heart was racing. The sweet thrill of exhibition and glorious orgasm rode up her spine and tingled throughout her limbs.
Making her way down the street and out of sight of Antonio's house, she delighted in the sea breeze that blew softly upon her warm body and cum-covered skin. Unable to hold it back any longer, she let out a raucous laugh and smiled all the way to the shore.
Cass cut between a pair of closely nestled beach houses and rode her bike until she hit the white sand. She had forgotten her sunglasses at Tony's and now squinted at the sunny skyline.
Taking a moment to soak in the beautiful day, Cass walked slowly through the warm, inviting sand. The ocean water was chilly on her toes, and it pained her to think about washing away the sticky, musky seed that covered her face, tits, and stomach.
Hesitating to wade in past her calves, Cass gathered her hair in her hand and tied it up. She pulled off her sports bra again, feeling strands of cum stretch between her skin and the fabric as she did. The fall of each of her huge breasts pulled against her strong back muscles as they came to jiggle then rest on her chest.
Her soaked and sticky shorts came off next, and as she bent over to take them off she realized how much she would have enjoyed letting Antonio fuck her from behind.
Naked as the day she was born and inhaling the salty ocean air, Cass's mind replayed all her favorite parts of her wonderful morning bike ride.
Tony's stupefied face staring at her sexy body: she pictured it and giggled.
The needy way he sucked on her perfect tits as if he was drowning and they were full of oxygen: she groped her tender nipples and thought of that sweet, hot feeling.
How surreal and mind-shattering her orgasm was: she had no idea how badly she wanted, needed to be fucked just like that.
The pent-up potency he unleashed on her, blasting more cum in twenty unforgettable seconds than she imagined ten men had in their bodies altogether: she licked her lips at thought, searching for an unswallowed morsel of his sperm.
And the people, the onlookers catching a staggering show of superhuman sexuality: Cass could swear she had heard amazed mutters about her tits being "bigger than her head," and him "cumming like a firehose."
Those few were lucky enough to witness the awesome collapse of a star into a supernova, but Cass had experienced being at the center of the Big Bang.
Her morning was filled with the stuff wet dreams were made of, and Cass stood there in the ocean contemplating the sex-istentialism of it all.
It was only natural, with her head full of thoughts like these, that her hand drifted down to play with her clit while the other tugged gently at her nipples. She felt drunk, high, and still slightly out of her own body all at the same time.
Maybe, Cass thought, after dinner she could stop by Antonio's with a bottle of her husband's wine.