Chapter 17 – Lovers and Temptations
As soon as the swearing-in ceremony for the Tri-Alpha pledges ended and the benches and speaker’s podium were safely loaded on the pickup truck for transport back to the fraternity, President Alexandra turned the six male aspirants over to the sorority’s pledges.
Lisa, as usual, realized that ultimately she was in charge of the evening’s clean-up. Her three companions accepted that she would tell them what to do and they would pass her orders along to the males. She took it for granted that her fellow pledges would obey whatever she told them to do, and the males in turn would obey the women. Lisa would be giving orders to a total of nine people, five of whom she did not know.
She began by assigning two male pledges to each of her three companions. She assigned Ken to work under Bernadette, realizing that to have him work under Kathleen would create a very tense situation. Once her three teams were organized, Lisa quickly drew up a duty roster for each group. Kathleen and her two pledges would clean the kitchen; Cherine’s group would take all the bathrooms; and Bernadette’s group would clean the public areas of the sorority house and then move to the pool area. Lisa would supervise all three teams and be responsible for taking out the trash.
Lisa ordered the males to kneel facing the wall. They were not to speak until given permission. Meanwhile, she took her three fellow pledges to the back room containing the discipline implements. She passed out three leather paddles and took a heavy leather strap for herself. She then addressed her group:
“I want you to keep these paddles with you at all times. If those guys give you any attitude whatsoever, I expect you to paddle them. If they slow down or get tired, a couple of good swats will wake ‘em up. If you think there’s a real discipline problem…” Lisa held up her strap, “…just let me know and I’ll handle it.”
Lisa looked at each of her three companions and continued: “Those guys are responsible for doing what you tell them to do. But if your area’s not up to inspection standard when I do the walk-through, I am holding you, not the guys, responsible. It’s their job to obey you, but it’s your job to make sure things are done right. If you let me down, I will deal with you directly. If any of you has a problem with that, you’re more than welcome to take it up with Pledge Mistress Tracy.”
The three wide-eyed pledges glanced at each other, then back at Lisa. Her expression and the sinister-looking strap in her hand made them realize the implement was not just for the Tri-Alpha pledges. If they failed to meet their companion’s expectations they would be punished as well. They knew there was no point in trying to appeal to Tracy if Lisa decided to strap them. They sensed that Lisa would not be threatening them unless she already had a prior understanding with the Pledge Mistress.
There was indeed an agreement between Lisa and Tracy, but it was somewhat different from what the three freshmen thought had happened. The understanding between the two women was unspoken and implied, never formally discussed. Tracy had accepted Lisa as the de facto leader of the pledge group and had no problem with her giving commands to the others. However, with Lisa’s power also came a huge responsibility. Another part of the understanding was that it was Lisa who would be held accountable for the success or failure of her group. Any time Lisa failed to get the other pledges to do what Tracy wanted them to do; the Pledge Mistress had the right, and the duty, to punish her. Lisa knew that ultimately she was the person responsible for making sure the house was properly cleaned. She would do what was necessary to motivate her companions, not only so the group would succeed and pass another pledge test, but also to save her own backside from a severe strapping the following morning.
----------
With inspection manuals in each of their hands, Lisa’s companions ordered their pledges to stand up and collect cleaning supplies. As the cleaning progressed, Lisa walked around with a trashcan collecting used paper towels and other discarded items from the three teams. She had assigned herself trash collection because that duty gave her the opportunity to constantly monitor the progress of the cleaning and correct any problems as they were taking place. She noted with satisfaction the increasing redness and paddle marks on the bottoms of the six male pledges as the night went on. It turned out that all three of her companions had no problem using their paddles to motivate their subjects.
At midnight Heather showed up in a Four-Beta jogging outfit. In her hands she was carrying a pair of men’s running shoes and a riding crop.
Oh yeah…that’s right…she had said that she was going to take that fat guy out running.
The male pledge’s eyes widened upon seeing the Four-Beta Sergeant-at-Arms with a pair of running shoes in her hand. He had hoped that she had been joking about the mid-night workout; even though deep down he knew the run was indeed going to happen. Heather, her voice ringing with cheerful sarcasm, addressed him:
“Hi, Sweetie!”
The trembling naked pledge got on his knees.
“Good…Good evening, ma’am.”
“So, you ready to take a break from all this nasty cleaning and go for a run with me?”
“I…I mean…yes, ma’am.”
“OK, let’s stretch out and have some fun!”
With that Heather and the pledge went out to the patio to stretch and get ready to move out. His departure left Cherine with only one male under her command and presumably would slow down her portion of the clean-up. However, Lisa had anticipated that the freshman would object to having to keep up the pace of her clean-up with only one assistant. She knew that expecting Cherine to manage with only one helper wasn’t fair, and also how she would settle the matter.
Lisa went to the closet in the entryway, took off her clothes, and hung them up along with her strap and notebook. She returned upstairs and announced to a very shocked Cherine that she would replace the fat guy while he was away. Until he came back, Lisa would be taking orders and submit to discipline from Cherine. To drive home that point she knelt and waited to be issued an order. In an instant Lisa went from being in charge of Cherine to being her subordinate. It took a couple of minutes for Cherine to regain her composure, but finally she instructed Lisa to get up and start scrubbing the floor of a bathroom.
Lisa replied, “yes, Pledge Cherine,” and started working on the floor.
As Lisa was finishing her assigned floor, Bernadette passed by with her two male subjects. She was surprised to see Lisa naked in the bathroom, on her hands and knees performing a task assigned to the male pledges. Cherine nervously explained that one of her pledges had been taken away by Heather and Lisa had volunteered to replace him until he came back.
Seeing Lisa working on her hands and knees under Cherine’s orders had a profound effect on Bernadette. Of the three freshmen in the pledge group Bernadette had been the one most likely to question Lisa’s role as the leader of the group. She most certainly resented seeing Lisa a couple of hours earlier with a strap in her hand and threatening to punish her if her work performance was substandard. She had resolved to confront Lisa the following day, but now had to deal with the sight of the sophomore on her hands and knees in the bathroom, taking orders instead of issuing them. Seeing Lisa cleaning the bathroom floor, especially working as a subordinate and in the nude, made Bernadette realize that she was behaving the way she did simply because she wanted to “get the job done” with as little trouble as possible. She wanted everyone working at maximum efficiency and was perfectly willing to apply that same standard to herself. Cherine had temporarily lost her assistant, so without any hesitation Lisa changed her own role in the cleaning operation. It was not a question of pride or humility, but one of expediency.
Bernadette no longer could claim Lisa in any way had set herself above the others. She now knew how Lisa would respond if confronted. Lisa would simply ask her if she thought she could better lead the group and organize its tasks. If Bernadette were convinced she was best suited to lead the group, Lisa would gladly step aside. Then it would be up to Bernadette to settle matters with Tracy and the other pledges.
Ken looked at Lisa in amazement, only to receive a couple of savage paddle swats on his already sore bottom. Bernadette snapped at him to mind his own business and keep moving.
----------
An hour after they left, Heather and her unhappy companion returned to the sorority house. He was not a pretty sight: his bottom and thighs were totally covered with welts from the riding crop; his body was saturated with sweat, and his face was red from fright and absolute exhaustion.
The pledges expected that Heather would turn her running companion back over to Cherine upon getting back, but she still wanted to have some fun with him. She took him downstairs into the pledge shower, ordered him to take off his shoes, and immobilized his wrists in the cuffs that still were hanging from the pledges’ earlier episode of shaving and waxing. She ordered him to close his eyes and shampooed his hair. Then she gently massaged his welt-covered body with soap and rinsed him off. Finally she softly touched his penis and tickled his testicles. Sure enough, within a minute she got what she wanted, an erection. Heather toweled off the pledge, un-cuffed him, and ordered him to immediately follow her upstairs. He still was quite erect when the Sergeant-at-Arms returned him to his duty cleaning the sorority house. She led him to the other pledges and humiliated him by pointing out his hard-on to the rest of the group. He became even more erect upon seeing Lisa’s attractive body in its entirety, given that she had not yet had the chance to get dressed.
Heather was a bit surprised to see Lisa out of her uniform and cleaning alongside Cherine’s other pledge. For a moment she wondered if Lisa had done something wrong and the other pledges were punishing her. However, as soon as Lisa saw Cherine’s missing pledge return to duty, she went downstairs to put on her uniform and returned carrying her strap and notebook. She knelt in front of Heather, and asked her if she would mind conducting a preliminary walk-through. The sorority officer obliged and picked out a few violations that Lisa and her companions had overlooked. Bernadette and Kathleen responded by landing some additional swats on the bare bottoms of their pledges and ordered them to correct the problems.
Lisa knew that she and the others could not stay up all night because they had to attend classes the following day. At 2:00 a.m. she surprised her companions by telling them to stop cleaning. She decided to document their adventure by having each member of her group pose with her two pledges before ordering everyone to go to bed. One by one Cherine, Bernadette, and Kathleen posed with the males assigned to her. The women stood dressed in their uniforms while the males remained completely naked. Lisa ordered the male pledges to kneel next to the females, then stand up and face away from her so that their well-paddled red bottoms were on display for the benefit of the camera. Lisa then ordered the males to pose together as a group, first facing the camera and then facing away. Two of the males, her ex-boyfriend Ken and Heather’s overweight running companion, had erections. Lisa decided to have them pose together with their erections pointing at each other. Suddenly, on very cruel inspiration, she ordered the two men to put their arms around each other’s shoulders and grab each other’s penises. It seemed that Ken didn’t mind, but she could tell the other guy was mortified.
Perfect, though Lisa to herself. Now I’ve got something to hold over his head if he ever gives me any attitude.
----------
Lisa told the guys to brush their teeth and take cots out of the basement to sleep on. They would have to sleep in the sitting room and could only expect about four hours of rest. Still, that was better than nothing and the guys gratefully grabbed their cots and took them upstairs.
In spite of her resolve to try to comfort Lisa after the clean-up was completed, Kathleen was too tired to keep that promise to herself. She collapsed on her cot and promptly went to sleep, along with Bernadette and Cherine. Incredibly, Lisa realized she could not get to sleep. She had heard the expression “too tired to sleep”, but had never experienced such a feeling before. She realized what her problem was; she was sexually aroused. She needed to have an orgasm and would not be able to sleep until she could take care of that physical need.
She didn’t want to risk having one of her fellow pledges wake up and see her masturbating, so Lisa decided to go to the pool area and relax on one of the deck chairs. It would be sort of fun, to lie out under the clear night and enjoy her body in tranquility. She quietly sneaked outside and settled in the chair farthest away from the back door. It was a lovely night, just a bit chilly for a person with no clothes on. However, Lisa knew that once she started stimulating herself her body would heat up and she would not notice the cold.
Lisa had just started caressing her stomach and breasts with her fingertips when she heard the back door open. Shit! She should have known that some bitch would want to go for a midnight swim and having the pool area to herself was unrealistic. However, as she caught a glimpse of the person’s silhouette against the pool lighting, she realized the figure was not female, but male.
Lisa jumped up, ready to put that guy in his place. The males were not supposed to be wandering freely around the sorority house. Lisa was quite annoyed; to the point that she had forgotten that she was not wearing anything. As she got closer, she realized the lone figure was Ken. She also realized that he had an erection. It was likely that his erection from earlier in the night had never really gone away, not would it until he had the opportunity either to have sex or masturbate. Lisa realized that he probably had come out to the pool area for the exact same reason she had, to relieve himself in peace.
Seeing her boyfriend with a hard-on while being alone with him in the pool area was too much for Lisa. She forgot about her earlier humiliation and set aside her resentment, because at that moment she wanted only one thing, to have him inside her. Lisa’s instincts and old habits took over as she quickly walked up to him. She took his penis in her hand and kissed him…
“You’d better get on your knees real fast, fucking little bitch-boy.”
Ken, his own brain and sexual responses conditioned by the last five months of rough sex with Lisa, quickly complied. He sank to his knees. Suddenly everything that had transpired in Lisa’s life over the past week momentarily vanished. She was with Ken, his body back in her life and ready to fulfill its duty of giving her pleasure.
There was no talk, no arguing, no hesitation. The only thing that mattered at that moment was sex. Lisa pushed Ken on his back, gave the skin on his chest a couple of vicious pinches, and stroked his penis to make sure it was perfectly hard. She straddled him and guided him inside. The couple groaned as Lisa rocked back and forth, feeling him pulsate inside her.
Fearful of being caught, the couple finished as quickly as possible and separated. They jumped in the pool to wash away the evidence and cool off. As their bodies calmed down and their thoughts returned to normal, Lisa and Ken stood next to each other in uncomfortable silence. Finally Lisa noted:
“You know, we both got to get to bed. As it is we’re only going to get three hours of sleep.”
Ken was silent for a moment. He didn’t want to go to bed. He was with his girlfriend, or ex-girlfriend, a woman who he deeply cared for but had badly deceived. He felt that he…that he needed to somehow explain. As Lisa made her way to the steps to exit the pool, he knew his tiny opportunity to talk to her was running out. He needed to say something…
“Lisa, I ‘spose you’re kinda mad at me.”
“Not kinda, Ken. Not just kinda. You’ve really pissed me off! You have no idea…”
Lisa paused and took a deep breath as she tried to control the mounting feeling of disgust she felt for both him and herself at that moment:
“And now on top of everything else, thanks to you, I’m pissed at myself! Now I don’t even have my self-respect! It’s like I can’t control anything about my life or what I do! The moment I see you all I can think about is fucking your stupid little fag ass…”
“Please don’t use that term, Lisa…”
“Then what term am I supposed to use on you? It’s what you are, isn’t it?”
“I don’t know. I don’t know. That’s what I gotta figure out.”
A surge of conflicting emotion swept over Lisa and silenced anything more she might have wanted to say to him. She abruptly continued out of the pool and opened the back door to the house.
“Lisa!”
“Look, just go to bed, you stupid pervert! Go to bed and get out of my sight!”
----------
Lisa returned to her cot, sexually satisfied and more tired than ever. However, she knew there would be no sleep that night, none at all. Her thoughts were too much in turmoil. She sat up, for a long time staring ahead in the dimly-lit room. Every so often she glanced at Kathleen’s thin body and listened to her quiet breathing as her lover slept.
As she looked at Kathleen and thought about Ken, Lisa was forced, once again, to confront her own hypocrisy. She had made love to Kathleen without ever talking to Ken about the future of their relationship. Less than a week later, she had turned on Kathleen without any hesitation, with the satisfaction of her body the only thought on her mind as she was briefly reunited with Ken.
Lisa’s thoughts wandered through the strange labyrinth of her emotional and sexual needs as the pre-dawn slowly passed by. She glanced at the clock. 5:45 a.m. Fifteen minutes until wake-up. SHIT! She really was destined not to get any sleep that night
----------
A few minutes later the four female pledges, standing in their pledge uniforms, and the six male pledge pledges, kneeling naked in front, waited in the sitting room while Tracy and Alexandra performed the walk-through inspection. The two officers only found five violations, which was the best record of any pledge group for that particular task. The female pledges had proven themselves able to direct others, and the male pledges had proven themselves capable of following orders. Alexandra instructed Tracy to ignore the five violations because they were minor, and gave everyone a passing score. Tracy nodded, pleased that her group had passed yet another test.
The males left a few minutes later, filing into the driveway and into a waiting van. Some early risers in neighboring sororities cheered and whistled at the sight of six naked guys standing in the driveway. The driver of the van seemed to have difficulty getting the key into the van’s side door, prolonging the pledges’ exposure. Not that it mattered, because the Tri-Alpha pledges could expect to be seen in the nude by plenty of people throughout the summer. Constant exposure in public settings was the reality of being a Tri-Alpha pledge.
Meanwhile, the Four-Beta pledges had to contend with morning PT, breakfast, and getting ready for their second day of classes. Tracy and a sophomore escorted the pledges to the university. The group separated as the three freshmen and their escort went to class, while Tracy took Lisa to Burnside’s office.
Lisa sighed as Tracy led her into the Economics Building, envious that her three companions, after having enjoyed four hours of sleep, now were quietly sitting in a class taking notes. Lisa on the other hand, had not enjoyed any sleep at all and faced a day of solid work under her difficult economics professor. Burnside drove home that point when she told Tracy not to come back for Lisa until 6:00 p.m. that night.
Burnside handed Lisa the hanger out of the closet to let her know she needed to get undressed. Without saying anything Lisa complied and handed her hanger full of clothing to the professor. Burnside invited Tracy to sit down and put Lisa’s clothes in the closet. Meanwhile, Lisa knelt to await further orders.
Burnside ordered the naked young woman to prepare a pot tea for herself and Tracy.
“Yes, Dr. Burnside.”
While Lisa busied herself with the teacups, the professor and the sorority officer casually talked about the Four-Beta pledge group and Lisa’s performance. Unlike Heather, who had taunted Lisa by talking about how high spirited and troublesome she was, Tracy was much more straightforward about her performance. Burnside could tell that Tracy was very impressed with Lisa and enjoyed having her as a member of the pledge group. The Pledge Mistress talked about Lisa’s relationship with the other pledges and complimented her ability to motivate them. Fortunately Tracy left out the detail of her romantic involvement with Kathleen, which was a detail of her life that Lisa suspected Heather might have mentioned.
The Pledge Mistress departed to go to her own classes, leaving Lisa alone with her professor. She faced a busy day. Not only did she have to familiarize herself with the material to be taught in two classes she would be proctoring, but she also had to get ready for a sophomore-level class that she would be taking from Dr. Halsey. On top of all that Lisa was expected to prepare a special summer project for Burnside.
Lisa knelt to receive her first instructions of the day, but Burnside announced that she wanted her to assume a different position from the normal kneeling whenever talking to her. The professor ordered her student to stand in front of her desk with her feet spread and her hands behind her head. Lisa reluctantly got off her knees and did as she was told. Burnside told Lisa that she now was standing “in a proper position of attention” and would be expected to stand that way in lieu of kneeling. With her legs spread and her hands behind her head, Lisa’s body was completely exposed to her boss. She felt humbled, scared, and extremely vulnerable.
“Get used to standing like this, because whenever I talk to you I expect that stance as a gesture of respect. That holds true not only when we are in here by ourselves, but also whenever anyone else needs to come back here. You will stand at proper attention whenever you speak to me, regardless of who is in this room.”
“Yes, Dr. Burnside.”
“Just to remind you, this change is in your Four-Beta manual. Please repeat the relevant passage to me, Pledge.”
Lisa took a deep breath and recited:
“Chapter 1, section 14, Dr. Burnside. It goes: ‘a pledge will automatically assume a position of submission and respect whenever addressing an officer of the Sorority. The position of submission and respect will be determined at the beginning of each semester by the Chapter President. However, as needed, an officer of the Sorority, with the concurrence of the Chapter President, may require pledges to assume a position of submission and respect differing from the pledge position normally required in the sorority house’.”
“Very good, Pledge. Now you understand that, since I am delegated as an officer, I have the authority to make you assume the position of ‘submission and respect’ that most suits my needs.”
“Yes, Dr. Burnside, I understand that.”
While Lisa continued to stand at attention, Burnside casually questioned her about her plans for her summer research project. The professor drew up a list of books and articles she thought her student would find useful. Finally she granted Lisa permission to sit down at the spare desk and begin reading ahead for the class she would have later in the day.
Burnside’s phone rang. Lisa overheard small bits of the conversation and realized that her boss must be talking to Dr. Halsey. Then she heard:
“Jim, she’s right here in my office if you want to talk to her. OK…OK… So, you’re coming over? Good. Actually, that helps me out because you can escort her to class. OK…so you know what you need to do about escorting her? All right, I’ll buzz you in…”
Lisa’s heart skipped a beat as she waited for the outer door to Burnside’s office to open. Her face turned red at the thought that Dr. Halsey, a respected senior professor, would be in the room momentarily and there was no hint that she would be allowed to get dressed before he came in. Burnside’s next words confirmed her worst fear:
“Dr. Halsey is coming in to talk to you and take you to class. When he comes in I expect you to stand at attention and address him with respect just like you would address me.”
A moment later Burnside’s intercom buzzed and she pressed it to let Halsey into the back office. As soon as the door opened Lisa stood up, faced the door, and stood in front of a nationally recognized senior professor in the nude with her legs spread and her hands behind her head. Halsey glanced at the embarrassed student, then took Burnside’s hand and kissed it in greeting. After exchanging some pleasantries with his co-worker, the older man turned his attention back to Lisa. He carefully studied every detail of her exposed body, deliberately making her as nervous as possible.
“Lovely morning, isn’t it, young lady?”
“Yes, Dr. Halsey.”
“So are you looking forward to being in my class?”
“Yes, Dr. Halsey. I’ve heard that it’s one of the best classes in the department and I’m hoping to get a lot out of it.”
“That’s the spirit, young lady! Excellent attitude!”
The two professors sat down in Burnside’s armchairs and casually discussed how the first day of the semester had gone. Lisa remained standing with her arms and legs spread, not daring to move because she had not received any instructions to do so. After a while the conversation turned to Lisa’s major, her academic interests, and her ambitions. Halsey engaged her in conversation just as if she were dressed and sitting down. As best she could, Lisa responded, trying to ignore her extremely awkward situation.
The conversation lasted less than 15 minutes, but that short time seemed like an eternity to Lisa. Later in the evening when she had time to think about it, she would find the entire incident extremely erotic, but at that moment she was too embarrassed and nervous to be excited. Meanwhile, the two professors were thoroughly enjoying themselves. Lisa’s attractive body was very pleasant to look at, and her nervous expression added to the erotic tension in the room.
Lisa knew that Burnside did not mind seeing Halsey studying her exposed body. While it was true that each was the other’s primary lover, both professors also pursued other relationships. Occasionally they shared their submissive lovers, and on other occasions they jointly punished other participants in the local fetish scene.
There was absolutely no jealousy between the two professors, because both of them were confident in each other and sure about themselves and their sexual needs. Over the years Halsey had several younger female lovers, some of whom he shared with Burnside. Burnside in turn had shared some of her lovers with Halsey. The best example was Burnside’s TA and collared sub Mark Gertz. At that point in her life, Mark was her most important lover apart from Dr. Halsey. Mark officially belonged to Burnside, who never missed an opportunity to sexually humiliate or inflict an act of cruelty on him. Halsey often participated in punishing or dominating Mark in ways that helped Burnside establish her total superiority. For example, if her sub needed an extra special punishment, Burnside sometimes invited Halsey to enter Mark from the rear following a whipping, which, of course, was one thing she was not capable of doing.
Lisa, who was aware of the unusual relationship between her two mentors, trembled at the possibility of being forcibly seduced by her professor, her lover, or perhaps by both. However, with the issue of sex she only partly understood Burnside’s intentions. The professor was fully aware that Lisa was scared out of her wits as she quietly stood with her body completely spread and exposed. She had intended for her to feel such intense anxiety and fear, because she knew that the sexual tension in the office was something that the younger woman was subconsciously seeking in her life. She perceived a lot of herself in Lisa, especially the underlying need to test her psychological limits. Lisa needed to have intense emotional experiences to feel truly alive. She needed to feel real fear, real humiliation, real joy, real pain, and real sexual arousal. Burnside wanted to develop that part of her student, and hoped to help Lisa better understand herself by constantly pushing her emotional limits as the summer progressed.
At the beginning of the semester, Burnside was not sure whether or not there ever would be a sexual relationship between herself and Lisa. She was open to the idea and certainly found the girl desirable, but forcing her into a sexual relationship was totally different from forcing her to submit to erotic discipline and hazing. If Lisa decided that she wanted to sexually experiment with either Ruth Burnside or Jim Halsey, they would gladly oblige her, but she was the one who would have to signal that an intimate relationship was something she wanted.
----------
Finally, Burnside ordered her student to get dressed and depart with Professor Halsey. As Lisa put on her shorts and felt the cloth brush against her vulva, a wave of sexual arousal swept over her. She had not felt aroused while standing naked in the office, but as soon as something touched her between the legs, she suddenly was very horny. She sighed, distressed at the thought of having to follow Halsey to the main campus lecture hall and sit through his class while such intense desire was tormenting her.
Lisa walked alongside the professor, carrying her backpack to avoid covering any part of her pledge uniform. She had time to think about the irony of what was written on her shirt. Officially she might be the “property of the Four-Beta Sorority”, but in reality she had been signed over to Ruth Burnside
The young woman made a very strange walking companion for her immaculately dressed professor. It seemed that everyone she had known from her freshman year: all of her former classmates, the residents of Huntington Hall, even casual acquaintances, were treated to the sight of Lisa Campbell running around in her T-shirt and skimpy gym shorts. Several people wanted to talk to her, but Lisa’s nervous behavior and the impatient demeanor of her older companion clearly indicated that she was not free to talk.
Halsey and Lisa entered an auditorium-style classroom that sat 300 students. He pointed at a seat next to the speaker’s podium, indicating that his student needed to sit as close to him as possible so he could monitor what she was doing. Total control and a very strict regimen…that’s what the sorority had promised, and they had kept that promise, even when she was not with any of their officers. Even Dr. Halsey was in on it.
As Halsey’s introductory lecture progressed, Lisa struggled to pay attention to what he was saying. She knew it was likely Burnside would question her about the course material afterwards and there would be hell to pay if she had appeared inattentive in Halsey’s class. However, Lisa had two very serious distractions. First, she was horribly tired from not having slept the previous night. When she was standing up or moving around her fatigue was not a problem, but sitting in a soft seat in a cool, dark lecture hall made her badly want to sleep.
The other problem was Lisa’s ongoing state of arousal. She had to keep her legs pressed together because she was not wearing any panties under her loose-fitting pair of shorts. She wanted to rub her thighs together and slip her hand in between, but she was in a public location and her body’s demand for satisfaction could not be resolved any time soon. What made matters worse was the fact Lisa was spoiled when it came to sexual satisfaction. Throughout the spring if she needed to relieve herself, she could count on Ken to attend to her desires. When he was not available, Lisa could always pleasure herself and was good at it. Lisa’s desires that day would have to remain unsatisfied, because it was a sure thing she would not have a single moment to herself.
----------
After the longest class of her life, Lisa returned to Burnside’s office with Halsey. Fortunately she did not have to take off her uniform because the two professors wanted to go out to lunch. The professors, Lisa, and three graduate students went to a formal restaurant on the top floor of the Student Center. The lunch took a very long time because the professors and the graduate students needed to discuss seminars and problems with various research projects. At first Lisa was glad to eat and get some good food in her stomach, but having a full stomach made her even more sleepy.
Burnside noticed her student nodding off during the meal and realized that because of her fatigue she would not be able to study in the afternoon. She would have to do something physical instead. Upon getting back and watching her student get undressed, Burnside ordered her to dust the room’s bookcases and re-shelve all the books. Meanwhile the professor sat at her desk, pretending to be working on her next lecture. In reality she was enjoying watching Lisa’s attractive figure as she moved about. She especially enjoyed watching Lisa reach for the books on the top shelves, gracefully stretching her body as she emptied each shelf and reached to wipe the dust in the back.
Lisa’s ongoing arousal and the realization that Burnside was watching had a rather strange effect on her. Ordinarily she would not have wanted anything to do with Burnside sexually, but Lisa was in a sensual mood. She began “performing” for the professor by stretching her body more than necessary when accessing the top shelves and moving about seductively. She deliberately put the books from each shelf on the floor and bent over to pick them up, spreading her legs and exposing herself to the professor. When she worked on the bottom shelves, Lisa got on her hands and knees, spreading her legs and turning her bottom towards Burnside’s desk. Every so often Lisa glanced back at her mentor, whose hungry expression gave away her increasing desire for the student. For the first time since Lisa had known her, it seemed that Burnside had lost her composure.
Very little of what Burnside had hoped to accomplish with Lisa got done that day. The purpose of Lisa spending all day with the professor was to move her forward in her understanding of the material to be presented in three classes and get her started with her summer project. Instead Lisa had spent the afternoon cleaning bookshelves and flirting with her body. That really wasn’t anyone’s fault, because she was exhausted from not having any sleep and in no condition to study.
When Tracy came by to pick up her pledge, Burnside reprimanded her:
“You need to put things into perspective, Tracy. It’s fine to push your pledges on everything else, but on school nights you have to let them sleep. No matter what your training philosophy might be, they are students first and sorority pledges second. They have got to be alert enough to study, and to be honest, Pledge Lisa was too tired to be able to concentrate.”
Tracy responded by telling the professor the nighttime house cleanup was a unique test and not a routine event. Normally the pledges did get more sleep. Still, she was chastened by the realization that an outsider, and a professor no less, was watching what she was doing with her pledges.
Rather than put up a fight over the matter, she decided that it would be a good idea to make sure her pledges got plenty of sleep that night to make up for the night before. While Lisa and her companions were eating dinner with the sophomores, Tracy asked Heather for permission to immediately release them for the night and give them the opportunity to sleep in the guestroom. Heather reluctantly agreed, although she was concerned that letting the pledges off early too many times would spoil them.
After dinner, as the pledges knelt in front of their Pledge Mistress, they were informed they were released for the night as a reward for the success of the previous night’s cleanup. “Released” was a relative term, because what they were free to do was study, read, send e-mails, use the pool, or sleep. Cherine and Bernadette immediately headed for the pool, and would send some e-mails upon getting out. Lisa calculated that it would be about two hours before they would be ready for bed, which would give her the opportunity to spend some time with Kathleen.
When Lisa went downstairs to the basement to clean up, Kathleen followed her. The two women took turns using the toilet and brushing their teeth. They jumped into the shower together and held hands. Kathleen gave Lisa a very intense look of love, desire, and arousal. The two women soaped each other’s bodies, exchanged several passionate kisses, and rinsed off.
Lisa told Kathleen to put her hands on the shower wall and stick her bottom out for some “special attention”. She sensuously soaped and massaged Kathleen’s backside, knowing that having her bottom rubbed would excite her even more. She spent a couple of minutes soaping and massaging her lover’s bottom-hole. Kathleen gasped and moaned with delight at the attention to her most sensitive area, especially when Lisa pushed a soapy finger inside.
“You are a naughty little thing, aren’t you?”
“I…oh…I’m naughty…oh…”
Lisa touched Kathleen’s vulva with her other hand and ran her fingertip over her lover’s clitoris. Thus stimulated from both the front and the back, Kathleen experienced an exquisite orgasm. She trembled and moaned with delight as Lisa’s fingers worked their magic on her body. When she calmed down, Lisa patted her bottom and kissed it.
“Let’s give this naughty little bottom the attention it deserves.”
Lisa led Kathleen into the guestroom and locked the door. If the other two showed up and wanted to sleep, they would just have to wait. She turned her attention to her lover and kissed her with the desperation of sexual passion that had been building up in her over the entire day. Kathleen responded by tearing down the covers, pushing Lisa on the bed, and getting on top of her. She took Lisa’s face in her hands and continued to kiss her as she gently moved her body back and forth. Kathleen started moving downwards, kissing Lisa’s neck, then her breasts, then her stomach, and finally her vulva. Lisa thrust her legs up as Kathleen covered her labia with kisses and pushed her tongue into her vagina. Finally the young woman’s tongue made contact with Lisa’s clitoris, and the pent-up passion of the entire day found its release. Lisa normally was not very noisy during her climaxes, but that night she was quite loud.
Lisa climaxed twice before Kathleen’s tongue got too tired to continue. Lisa sat up and told Kathleen to get on her elbows and knees. She ran her fingertips over her lover’s very exposed backside, all the while telling her how naughty her cute little bottom was. Lisa began landing kissed all over Kathleen’s bottom-cheeks, slowly working her way towards he bottom-hole. For a long time she kissed that sensitive area and slid her tongue around her lover’s sphincter. As Kathleen’s arousal mounted, Lisa touched her clitoris with a fingertip as she continued to stimulate her from behind with the explorations of her tongue. Finally it was Kathleen’s turn to climax yet again.
Kathleen lay on her stomach as Lisa gently ran her hand over her bottom. Once again Lisa began patting her lover’s backside in a gentle spanking motion, then continued to caress. It was Kathleen who broke their silence. She gave Lisa a seductive look and asked:
“So you think, after all that, I’m still a naughty girl?”
“Of course you’re naughty. You’re the naughtiest girl in the sorority.”
“So…what are you gonna do about it? How are you gonna fix my naughtiness?”
Lisa’s heart jumped. The moment for Kathleen’s first spanking had come, and it was Kathleen who was asking to be spanked. Lisa took her lover’s hand and led her to the sofa. She sat down and drew Kathleen over her lap. Lisa’s lover settled comfortably over her thighs, turned her bottom up, and spread her legs slightly. She gently rubbed her lover's bottom in a circular motion, enjoying the feel of her thin buttocks and soft skin. Every so often Lisa ran her fingertips up the middle, brushing past the tender skin surrounding her bottom-hole.
Kathleen signed with anticipation, partly because she was very nervous. She did not know what to expect from Lisa and whether or not being spanked by her would be enjoyable. She had not enjoyed the punishment she took from Tracy the week before, but that was because she was so vicious with the strap. If the spanking were more gentle and given with love, Kathleen hoped it would bring her and Lisa closer together.
Lisa fully understood that Kathleen was not Ken and that her needs were very different. She needed to be talked to gently and spanked gently. The spanking would have to hurt, but not hurt very much. Kathleen's bottom would gradually turn pink under the palm of Lisa's hand, from slaps delivered very slowly and mixed with gentle caresses and tender kisses. Lisa understood her lover's desires and wanted to make the spanking as pleasurable an experience as possible.
Lisa began spanking Kathleen's skin between caresses, all the while reminding her what a naughty girl she was. She slapped Kathleen's backside about 10 times, then leaned down to kiss her bottom and give it a couple of caresses before spanking it another 10 times. None of Lisa's slaps was particularly severe, but after a few minutes their cumulative effect started building up on Kathleen's bottom. After the first 50 slaps it was a lovely shade of solid pink and starting to swell. However, Kathleen remained peacefully draped over Lisa's lap, totally satisfied with the mixture of pain and pleasure radiating from her upturned bottom. Lisa kissed her, massaged her swelling skin, and started on the second round of slaps.
The second part of the spanking was more intense, partly because Lisa was slapping harder, and partly because Kathleen was torn between becoming aroused and starting to cry. The mounting pain scared her, but the feeling of being over her lover's lap and being under her control and protection filled her sexual being with complete satisfaction. The experience was intense and frightening, but she was where she wanted to be, her body and soul surrendered to the control of her lovely mistress Lisa.
Finally Lisa concluded the spanking. She grabbed Kathleen’s wrist and led her back to the bed. The smaller woman settled on her stomach and Lisa settled next to her, covering her deeply pink bottom with even more kisses. Soon she was stimulating her lover’s bottom-hole yet again and teasing her clitoris. Kathleen groaned with delight as she experienced the best orgasm of her life. Her orgasm was total and overwhelming, almost scary in its intensity. She felt true happiness; the joy of having a lover whom had taken the time to figure out what her body needed for total satisfaction.
Lisa fell asleep, her body finally giving out after going nearly two days with no sleep. Kathleen got up to unlock the door to allow Cherine and Bernadette to get into the room without knocking when they were ready for bed.
She looked at her solidly pink bottom in the mirror, enjoying its sexy appearance and attractive color. I’m naughty, she thought to herself. I’m naughty and I like it. She hoped that night would be the first out of many she would go over Lisa’s lap.
Finally Kathleen turned out the light and settled next to her sleeping companion. She gave her lover one final kiss and cuddled next to her.