As always: Everybody is over 18, all parties are consenting, and this particular work is fiction. Comments are welcome. Enjoy.
*****
We decided when we started our tour across country that we were off limits to each other. To that end, we had been good. But after spending so much time in a car together, we had devolved into open and honest conversation, spent a lot of time talking about what we liked and didn't like, and what worked and didn't work. We hadn't touched each other, but we were intimate. Several stops across the country had even resulted in one of us having a late night tryst in the car while the other stood watch. We were past the point of awkward, and past the point of shy. Several hotel stops had seen us both naked around the room, carrying on as if nothing was amiss.
This stop, however, was more intense than usual. We had stopped for a couple of days in a medium sized eastern city, traveling up the coast to visit Maine before we cut across the northern side of the States. Rather than head to the hotel, we went out to one of the local clubs, figuring we should see the sights wherever we can. We found some small club towards the edge of the strip, the kind that doesn't stand out, but is surrounded by enough night life business to always have people coming in and out, and we decided we'd try it.
Several hours later saw me leaving the club with Emily, and you nowhere to be found. We had decided against common sense some time ago, and split up to find someone to take back to the room for the night, thinking that one of us would at least get lucky. Emily was a gorgeous woman, a bit over 5'6" without the heels, medium length brunette hair and dressed to party in a skirt and a midriff tank top that popped her ample C-cups into your sight, all matched with the eye of someone looking to impress. She and I had bumped into each other, quite literally, and despite initially poking fun at me for generally poor dancing, we had actually hit it off. We had spent a few hours alternating between chatting about who we were and where we were in life, and downright provocative dancing on the floor. Not having anywhere to take her home to, and not having seen you for a long while, I assumed the only place private we had was the car, and while I was initially joking when I suggested it, Emily was surprisingly game.
So, arm in arm, we staggered out of the club, pausing a moment or two to press each other against the alley wall to make out as we headed towards the parking lot. Here we got lucky. The nightlife in this city had apparently all sprung up around the same time, so rather than having clubs and bars with individual parking lots, there were just a couple of large lots, shared by the businesses around them. They were more than easy enough to get lost in, and being from out of town and late to the night, we had actually parked somewhere in the back, away from the bulk of the streetlights. It took me a few minutes to find the car with Emily in tow, but once we did, we were quick to fall into the back seat of the sedan.
Our tongues intertwined as I pulled her close, my hands sliding along her body. One held her head against mine, as the other drifted to her ass. She spent only a few moments reciprocating the attention, before stopping to work her feet out of her heels. That done, she swung a leg over me to straddle me in the middle of the seat. Her hands worked at my shirt, trying to undo the buttons while I reached around to her backside again. This time, I hiked her skirt up, exposing a pale colored thong. With her skirt up, though, she was able to drop down onto me to grind into my lap, pausing only to let me shimmy out of my now undone shirt. I returned the favour, my hands up her backside, this time under her tank top, looking to pull it off this time. It took some creative wriggling on her part, but she was soon out of it, the faint light from the windows illuminating her partially exposed top. She bent down a bit to stay out of the light and thrust her hips down onto me, feeling me pressed up against her panties. She stopped again to draw a ragged breath.
"You DO have a condom, right? I mean I don't mind being a bit wild, but, you know..." The look on her face right in front of mine was one of absolute lust, suddenly tinged with a fear that we would have to quit. But I could hear myself respond with the same breathless tone, "Yeah, wallet. It's pretty new. glad one of us remembered." She muttered some words of relief before she began grinding onto me again, dipping low to bite and kiss at my neck. I wrapped my arms around her and took advantage of the intimacy of the confined space, grabbing a double handful of her toned ass and massaging the tight flesh. The feeling of her grinding was driving me wild, and that I could feel the warmth of her through my denim told me she felt the same. But soon enough, she swung back off me. I was eager to finish getting disrobed, at least enough to continue, and as I lifted myself off the seat and worked at my jeans, she nudged me over to one side. I managed to do both things at once in the tight space, and had gotten my pants down past my own hips, dragging my boxers with me before she leaned over me from the middle of the seat. Emily placed one small hand upon my newly exposed cock, and guided my ass back into the seat. She was gentle and deft as she stroked me, her tongue once again in my mouth. Holding herself in front of me, she tells me she'll take care of the rest. I watch hungrily as she flips her hair out of the way, over to the far side of her so I can watch, and she lowers her mouth onto my cock. Slowly at first, as if she's savoring the feeling, she keeps her lips wrapped gently around the head, probing the tip with her tongue.
Her hand gently strokes me a few more times, spreading her spit all along me, before it disappears out of my view. I'm barely registering anything now beyond the sight and feel of her lips as she sinks down, taking half of me into her mouth. She gags a bit past this point, and pulls back, sucking on me the whole way up. Her tempo picks up from there, using only her mouth to please me, bobbing down as far as she can and coming back up. I'm to engrossed in her work to think about where her hands went or what they were doing, but I can feel, in the back of my brain, that she's tugging at my shoe laces and slipping them off my feet. Of course I did nothing to stop her, I focused instead on trying not to thrust up into her, trying not to force more of me down her throat than she was expecting. She stops bobbing to hold me in her mouth, using her tongue to swirl around my sensitive underside, and I feel her working my pants legs off, leaving me naked in my own car, but she is back to sucking as much of me down as she can soon enough. At this point, I have a hand on her head, holding her hair out of the way, and she twists just enough to look at me and wink as she dives down again, this time slowly and deliberately working to overcome her gag reflex, she manages for a moment to take nearly all of me in.
When she comes back up, her hand closest to me comes between us both to hold her up and grip my hard shaft. She squeezes and strokes slowly, enjoying the feel of it. With my reprieve, my senses come back enough to reach out and unclasp her bra with my free hand, setting her breasts free. Emily isn't paying attention to my hands though, and now that I'm present enough to look around, I can see why. While one hand strokes me, the other is attentive to her pussy, and I can see over the crest of her ass her thong is now pushed to one side. Involuntarily I shudder, pushing up into her mouth slightly, and bringing her attention back to me. We lock eyes for a moment again before she sits up and unzips her skirt, shimmying out of it and over towards me, while I simultaneously scoot towards her. As soon as she's free of both her skirt and thong she straddles me again, my hard shaft now straight up between us. She is bent over me with her hips thrust out, so I can feel my cock is just teasing her clit, rubbing up against it as she grinds on me slightly.
I cannot focus on anything but this wanting woman in my lap, leaning in to take a taste of her breasts, biting and sucking on her nipple while I feel around for my pants, and the wallet therein. Working in such a tight space made it hard to pull my jeans up off the floor, and Emily makes it hard by bringing her hips down to my lap, sitting astride me in the back seat. My cock is wedged between myself and her slick pussy as she rubs herself along my shaft, that focal point being the only point of us to have any meaningful contact. But despite my distractions, the hem of my pants are not too far, and I soon seize them and fish out my wallet and the condom therein. I wrap my right hand around her waist, pinning her sopping gash up against the length of my dick and I hold her there as I fumble briefly with the condom wrapper. I watch her eyes flutter as she holds still and feels me throb against her clit. Just as I am raising the wrapper to my mouth to tear it open, she spies something out the rear window behind me and ducks down below the light, flattening herself against me as much as she can, a nervous laugh following a string of whispered swearing.
I follow suit as best I can, sliding down in the seat and pulling her with me. She is still positioned so that she can feel me pressed up against her, pulsing with our elevated heartbeats; and her breathing, while filled with pleading requests that they move on, is still ragged with desire. I keep her tight and twist around to look.
Two figures, made out through a steamy window, appear to be going from car to car, leaning in the windows and fiddling with door handles. They are moving between the rows of cars, pausing seemingly at random, as if searching for something. Soon they are only a row behind and I hear one of them, a female, call out that she found what they were looking for. With Emily still alternating between swearing and panting, I can't help but laugh briefly. I recognized your voice when you called out, and it seems like, for better or worse, you were looking to do what I had beat you to. Fortunately for Emily and I, you and your partner recognize the signs of a vehicle in use and stop short of actually opening the door. While I whisper to my lover that while we were certainly caught, we were not likely to be in any real trouble. I hear you outside, also explaining the situation to a frustrated response. The car rocks briefly as you silence your partner by pulling him against you, pinning yourself between the car and him.
Meanwhile, I pulled Emily up, grabbing her gently by her hair. I thrust myself up along her clit and ask her if she wants to continue. She closes her eyes and grinds against me, teasing us both with the sensation of our near union. I cannot help but push up off the seat slightly, the alcohol and my own desire begging silently that she not be freaked out by the situation. Turning to glance out the window, she appears to be sizing up the pair outside. I cannot help but lean over a moment to watch as your lover mauls your breasts, hiking your tank top up over your bra in the process. I cannot help but throb a little harder hearing you moan. I don't doubt for a moment that you had considered letting him take you up against the car. I feel like Emily reached a similar conclusion when she looks back to me. Only slightly hesitant, she asks, "You said you two were pretty close, right?"
I shrugged and nodded at the same time, equally hesitant. I had a fleeting thought of her feeling guilty, thinking we might be a couple and just hiding it. She looks out at them again. "What are the odds they go somewhere else?"
I told her not good, if you had come out to the car, its because you had thought the hotel was taken, and neither of us was ready to run off to a strangers house in a strange city. I watched her think it over briefly, time seeming to stand still as she subconsciously ground her hips into me. We listened as you two got louder for a moment, before he silenced you with a drawn out kiss. His hands were all over your breasts, pulling your bra down so he had access to your nipples as he fondled and squeezed.
Some colourful language preceded her next words, "They are going to get caught out there." Emily looked at me and shifted her weight again, reasoning with that delightful logic that comes with sex and liquor, "If they get caught, we are boned. How close are you two?"
I told her the truth, "We don't much bother with clothes. We aren't involved, but we don't get hung up over things like sex. Too much time together to spend it in awkward silence. Why?" She mashed her mouth upon mine for a moment twisting our tongues together in a passionate kiss. Coming up for air she finally responded, "Because, I'm going to do something a little wild."
With that she leaned over and popped the door handle, cracking the door open and startling the two of you. She leaned away from me, finally breaking that tortuous connection we had at the hips, and she cracked the door enough to peer out at the you and your friend through the rim.
I felt the tension in the back of that sedan spike momentarily as she sized you up before asking, "If you two need some privacy, we can move to the front seat. It might be cramped, but cops here are no joke." You were coming down from being manhandled and quite a bit dazed, and your friend seemed a bit spooked by the sudden intrusion into his "private" world. I leaned over alongside Emily and called out your name, suddenly very eager to move your party into the car. You were, much more responsive hearing me, and in a breathy voice asked what was suddenly going on. Emily repeated her offer, her hands drifting back around her and grabbing me as if to emphasize her own words.
I watched you momentarily consider the offer, your head turning around to peer over the sea of cars. Your friend seemed to be mulling it over as well, the desire to fuck his hard won date mingling with the surreal nature of the situation. He was looking straight into your eyes as you brought your head around, unspoken words displayed in each others vision as you nodded a desperate yes. The decision made, he pulled away from you to open the door wider while Emily turned her naked form to me.
"Make me want to scream," was all she said before scrambling into the passenger seat, pulling me along behind her.
She sat on her knees facing the rear of the car and pushed the seat fully back, falling along with it, leaving her ass up and inviting. She wriggled it at as I hurried to put on the condom and line myself up with her waiting pussy. I needed to fuck her. I needed to make her moan and scream. I needed to make her cum in front of you two, and to cum inside her. As I slid my length inside her, your date sat in the back seat and started slipping off his pants while you pushed the seat forward and fully up. He had barely removed his shirt before you joined him, straddling him reverse cowgirl and shutting the door behind you. I could make out in the darkness you were grinding down along the length of his dick, teasing it with a wet pussy barely covered by a red, lacy thong; but you were too worked up to maintain the foreplay and you soon slipped a condom out of your skirt's hidden inner pocket. You leaned forward off of him, supported by the front seat as you leaned beneath yourself to put the rubber on him and then sank onto his waiting dick. I looked over at Emily and saw her resting on the back of the seat, her head turned to watch you two through hooded eyes, and decided I had to get with the pace.
I began rocking into her with deliberate and powerful thrusts, looking to emphasize every inch of my cock. Soon, she was gasping every time I bottomed out in her. I worked to avoid breaking down into rabid, abusive fucking for now, and instead worked to keep a steady and hard rhythm. I watched as she looked back at me and began to thrust back at me, ready to do her part in this endeavor, but we were both soon pulled from our mutual gaze as you cried out in pleasure. We watched you cum on your lover's dick, while you leaned on the seat and he teased your clit. We watched as you lost control of your movements and just ground down on him, needing him deep inside you, and as we watched, we subconsciously began to match your movements as best we could, starting with me slamming into Emily and holding there, grinding our pelvises together with me buried inside her. Her own hand disappeared under her and she began rubbing her clit until she came just as you were winding down.
Her noise brought your attention to us as you remembered you weren't alone. I don't mind the show, and decided I would make up Emily's mind for her, picking up my pace again as she rode out her orgasm. I looked at you for a few moments more are I began to fuck her for my own pleasure, turning away only when I felt her hands working again, they reached past her clit to stroke me as I slammed in and out of her, teasing the underside of my cock. I saw her watching me, her eyes full of lust as she begged me to fuck her.
Even bent over her like I was, our bodies cramped in such a tight space, I fully intended to oblige and I reached around her slender waist to hold her in place while my other hand braced against the seat. I held her tight as I pounded into her, dimly aware of you and yours also discarding all pretenses of anything beyond sexual need. For a short while all that could be heard was moaning and panting as we used our dates, looking to get off as they did. You were relatively quiet, but Emily's moaning was growing in volume as she drew closer to a second orgasm, and my hand under her waist had to be used to clap over her mouth. That was what it took for both of us to start cumming together. She began screaming into my hand, getting off on needing to be silenced, and I came when I felt her pussy tightening in pleasure around me. I drove my hips into her, mashing her against the seat as I spilled my cum into the thin rubber protection. As we rode out the bliss, we realized the car was quiet. We opened our eyes to see you watching us hungrily, while your date rested his head against your back and had his arms wrapped around you, clearly spent.
"Holy fuck," one of us had the wherewithal to mutter into the silence. We four just sat or laid where we were, only shifting to get a bit more comfortable, as we caught our breath and our wits. You were first to break the tired silence, twisting to face your lover as you finally slipped off his spent dick. You roused him gently and popped the door to get out, standing in the parking lot with your skirt plastered up against your naked torso from sweat. You worked to make yourself legally presentable, but did nothing to hide the fact you were freshly fucked. Your date slowly pulled up his pants and slipped out without his shirt on to pull you tight and press his lips to yours one last time. You two whispered something before you sent him off into the night. Moments later, as Emily and I still lay on the folded down passenger seat as best we could, you clambored back into the back seat and shut the door. You lay down and tell me in voice laced with alcohol and bliss that I'm driving back to the hotel, whenever I was ready.
We tried not to chuckle as you drifted off as you spoke.