We continue the story of two teenagers exploring the world of kinky...in a church no less! Be sure to check out Part 1 for the full story. Happy Reading!
***
"Well slut, what are you waiting for? Time to clean up." I gestured to the residue of cum, blood, and feces slathered across my cock, the remnants of taking her anal cherry.
Katrina made a face of pure nausea and said to me "With all due respect...sir. I don't think I could do that without throwing up. Plus...I've never given a blowjob before. Wouldn't you prefer I do it right my first-time, sir?" I stood there and contemplated her words before I nodded in agreement and slipped my phone back into my pocket.
"You're right. I got a bit caught up in the moment. Another time perhaps." I reached down to help her to her feet., and our eyes locked. I bent over and kissed her for the first time, savoring the taste of her strawberry lip balm. After what seemed an eternity, I pulled away and reviewed our surroundings. I became suddenly very aware of the fact that I was feet away from the main altar, my cock hanging out while I was making out with the mostly-naked preacher's daughter; they'd have to write a new commandment for this one.
"So..." I began after an awkward pause "was that everything you hoped it would be, slut? Was your first time memorable?"
"Yes, sir...better than I could've imagined. I don't think I'll ever forget." She replied with glee. "It hurt so bad but felt sooo good at the same time."
"Well I'm glad. Right now, though, we need to focus on getting cleaned up before someone sees us!" Glancing around the shelves of the supply room, I found a roll of paper towels and thoroughly wiped the accumulated filth off my cock. I then turned to Katrina and began to wipe the mixture of her blood and my cum off the back of her leg as she bit her lower lip.
"Careful down there sir. It's pretty sensitive at the moment."
After finishing her wipe-down, I gave her ass a last appreciative swat and watched a red handprint form. Satisfied, I stood up, so I could rezip her dress for her.
Katrina glanced down at her panties crumpled on the floor. The garment was soaked in sweat, saliva, and other bodily fluids - in other words ruined. "There's no way I can wear those right now." she said to me hesitantly. "I also can't have this stuff just running down my leg all morning. Any ideas?"
Deciding to forgive the omission of "sir" for the moment, my eyes darted around the closet looking for something to use. Seeing no other option, I shrugged and quickly undid my belt. As she looked at me with confusion, I stepped out of my pants and removed my boxer-briefs, and then handed them to her. "Might not be the best fit" I said sheepishly "but they'll do for now. I don't mind going commando."
Giggling, Katrina accepted my offering. "Thank you, sir." She pulled them up to her waist and stood there a moment, adjusting herself to the new sensation. "These are actually kind of comfy." She said. "If you'll excuse me sir, I really need to go to the bathroom to finish cleaning up."
I nodded in agreement. "Go ahead. I'll finish up in here, and we'll talk more later."
As Katrina walked towards the door, I couldn't help but notice with satisfaction that she wobbled with a slight limp - a sure sign of a "job well done". I hurriedly pulled my trousers back on and set about cleaning up the closet. As I was about to close the door, I spied her panties where they had been left on the floor. "Whoops" I thought to myself. "Can't leave that lying around!" I picked up the soiled garment, and with a coy grin, buried my nose in it, inhaling the scent of her musk. Satisfied, I stuffed them into my pocket, turned off the light, and closed the door.
Time for church.
*********
At 9 o'clock the congregation began to arrive, and the usual greetings were exchanged. Dad approached me as I stood in the lobby and asked if the sound systems were ready. I shrugged and headed towards the staircase in the rear of the chapel. When our church started using microphones during the sermon, they had installed a small booth in the choir balcony for the sound system controls. The setup itself was simple, but the elders weren't exactly tech-savvy, so the job fell to me. I liked working tech because nobody came up to bother you, I had the only key to the door, and (at my insisting) it was sound-proofed. I ran my normal sound check, locked the door, and settled in for an hour and a half of scrolling through Facebook.
Try as I might, I couldn't bring myself to pay attention. Over and over I relived our moment in the supply room in my head. My cock began to throb and ache as I daydreamt about how good Katrina's virgin ass had felt, and how badly I wanted more. I glanced at my controls and my watch as I toyed with an idea. The booth surely could look after itself for a few moments...
I opened the door and looked around the balcony. I had the whole place to myself this morning. Perfect. I headed to the stairway and as I turned the corner, I was surprised to see Katrina walking up the stairs towards me. She froze mid-step as her eyes met mine, and her cheeks flushed with embarrassment. "Hey" she said, quickly shifting her glance to the floor. "I, uh...was just coming to return these to you." As she was talking, she fumbled in her bag and withdrew my boxer-briefs, neatly folded. "I don't think I need to borrow them anymore. Thank you though." Her hand trembling, she walked up the remaining steps and handed them to me. "I should probably head back down and let you do your job"
Her face still cast to the floor, Katrina turned to walk back down the staircase. Without missing a beat, I grabbed the strap of her bag. Katrina yelped with surprise as she felt the resistance of the fabric and turned to face me. As she opened her mouth to speak, I cut her off. "First of all, you will look at me when you address me. Second, how hard is it for you to remember to call me sir?"
A cocky smile spread across her face as she leaned against the wall. "Oh, I didn't forget. I'm just a bit of a brat. Is that a problem...sir?" She winked seductively as she folded her arms across her chest.
"Sounds to me like you need another lesson...slut." As I spoke I slowly removed my leather belt and gripped it in my right hand. "Turn around and face the wall." Biting her lower lip with anticipation, Katrina slowly turned her body, gleefully wiggling her hips as she went. "Put your hands on the wall above your head" I commanded "and don't make a fucking sound" I lifted the hem of her dress up until she was exposed from the waist down and rolled it to keep it in place. Slowly, softly, I dragged the cool leather up the length of her leg as she stifled her moans of anticipation. I gathered the ends in my right hand, reared back and whipped forward, bringing the leather in an arc straight against the bare flesh of her supple ass cheek.
Katrina inhaled sharply as the pain shot through her body. I paused for a moment to observe the fresh welt as it formed on her pale skin. "Whenever I spank you, you will thank me. You will say 'Thank you, sir. May I have another?' Understood?" As I spoke the last word, I brought the belt crashing down again for emphasis.
"Yes sir" she replied breathlessly. "Thank you, sir. May I have another?" I switched the belt to my left hand and struck the other cheek. "Ouch! Thank you, sir. May I have another?"
"That's enough for now, slut. Hold that pose." I retrieved my phone from my pocket and snapped some photos of her exposed derriere. "It's time for the next part of your lesson. Don't worry though. The belt isn't going anywhere. Turn around." She spun to face me, with a glint of excitement in her eyes. I brought the belt up, looped it around her neck, and cinched it down, forming a makeshift leash. "Let's go back to the balcony. Wouldn't want anyone seeing you like this, would we slut? Not yet anyways..." I grabbed the end of my belt and pulled her back up the flight of stairs while she trotted along behind me happily humming.
I shut the door to the stairs behind us and quickly walked towards my booth. The dim lights in the balcony and the fact the booth was in the far rear corner, meant it was nearly impossible to be seen from the stage or rows of pews, but I was anxious to continue our escapades. I came to a halt outside the door "Just so you know, it gets pretty warm in there from all the machines. That wool dress will be way too warm. You should probably take it off." I said with a wink.
"Oh really? Thank you for the warning, sir."
She reached behind her and undid the zipper in a single fluid motion. Ever so slowly, she shrugged the dress off her shoulders, once again exposing her magnificent breasts to my greedy eyes. The heavy fabric fell to the floor, leaving her naked as the day she was born. I grabbed the piled garment and stepped into the booth, dropping it in a pile on the floor. "Come in and shut the door. Kneel on the floor here in front of me." She quickly obeyed and took her spot in front of my chair, looking up at me with an expression of eagerness. "Remove my pants and grab my cock. The belt's off so it should be simple, even for a first-timer." Licking her lips, Katrina obeyed my instructions and lowered my slacks around my ankles. She reached out to grasp my now erect penis, but hesitated.
"I know this is going to sound odd, considering earlier...but I've never actually touched a penis before, sir."
"It's fine" I chuckled. "Just grab it firmly and move your hand up and down. Might help if you spit on your hand first."
Enraptured by her first up-close view of a cock, Katrina followed my lewd suggestion and covered the palm of her hand in saliva. Gingerly, she grasped my cock and began a slow stroking motion. I sighed and relaxed back in my chair as she began her first handjob. "That's a good slut. Just do whatever feels natural. I'll let you know if it's working for me."
"Yes sir" she replied. "I know I haven't seen many for reference, but you have a great looking penis."
"Say cock" I replied. "Talk dirty. Be vulgar. Forget anatomical correctness and be filthy."
"Yes sir" Katrina said as she began to stroke me faster. "You have a great looking cock, sir."
"Thank you, slut" I said with a satisfied smile. "Now, I want you to stop moving your hand. Lean forward and put my cock in your mouth." Hesitantly, Katrina leaned forward until my tip was inches from her face. Her breath was warm against my wet skin as she stared at it, willing herself to make the next move. She furtively stuck out her tongue and brought it to rest against the base of my shaft. Without breaking eye contact with me, she dragged her tongue agonizingly slow up my length until she arrived at my tip. She opened her pursed lips and slowly took the head within her warm mouth, stopped, and looked at me as if to say, "What now?"
"Allow me" I murmured as I placed a hand on either side of her head. "Relax your neck and throat. No biting either." I gently pulled her head forward and slid my cock further into her mouth. After a couple of inches, I pushed her away from me; before long I settled into a steady rhythm of back and forth. A steady stream of drool spilled from the corners of her mouth and ran down her neck as I began to increase my tempo. Katrina surprised me with a swirling motion of her tongue that sent a shiver down my spine. "Holy shit. That felt amazing...you're a natural-born cocksucker, you know that?" Katrina winked that seductive look at me, evidently satisfied with her work.
It was evident that she had adjusted quickly, so I decided that it was time to shake things up and see what my little slut could really do. Without warning, I grabbed the back of her head and pushed my full length into her mouth; her nose was flat against my abdomen as my cock slid into her virgin throat. Katrina coughed and gagged as I held her there for a moment, savoring the feeling of her esophagus convulsing around my tip. After a moment I let her up and she reared back, choking on air as saliva ran down her heaving chest. "Congratulations," I said in a smug tone. "That was your first deepthroat. How did it feel?"
"Unexpected, but...not too bad. You caught me off guard, sir."
"That was the idea. Now we're going to try again. Get over here."
Once again, I gripped either side of her head and began thrusting in and out of her mouth. With each stroke I went deeper and deeper down her throat, until at last my entire 7 inches passed through her glistening lips. I began to pick up speed bit by bit, until I was thrusting into her mouth with wild abandon. A cascade of drool leaked from the corners of her mouth as I pummeled her face. I sat there for what seemed an eternity and savored the sensations of Katrina's virgin throat for as long as I could last. "Shit...you're gonna make me cum." I warned her. "I can feel it!"
Just as I was about to give her a first taste of cum, another wicked idea leaped into my mind. A coup de grace to cap our day of debauchery. "Close your eyes and stick out your tongue, now!" I ordered as I pulled my cock from her mouth and began to stroke myself. Katrina barely had time to comply before I shot the first hot, sticky strand across her face. Katrina grimaced with surprise as rope after rope of cum hit her in the face, covering her hair and obscuring the left side of her face and left eye beneath a milky film. She sputtered and coughed as I shook the last drops onto her outstretched tongue. As she raised her hand to wipe herself clean, I seized her wrist and instructed her to wait. "Come with me first." I lead her by the hand out of the booth.
The sound of her dad's voice echoed up from the chapel as he droned through his sermon in what he no doubt thought was an authoritative air. I positioned Katrina where she wouldn't be seen from below, but the entire stage was visible over her shoulder. I pulled out my phone and snapped a picture of her in her ravaged state. Her face was covered in a thick layer of cum that slowly ran down her neck, mingling with her saliva, all perfectly illuminated by one of the few lights in the balcony section. I made sure to position the camera so her preacher father, manning his pulpit was visible in the background. I'm a sucker for family portraits.
As I went to stow my phone, Katrina halted me. "Wait!" she said. "Take a video real quick." Amused by her new-found bravado, I obliged.
"How do you feel?" I inquired out loud.
"A bit messy, but I've never felt more alive, sir. I just wanted to say thank you. Also...hi dad!" Katrina blew a kiss to the camera as I ended the recording.
"Call me Dr. Frankenstein" I thought to myself. "I may have created a monster..."
To Be Continued...