This is another story in our real life adventures as a "vixen stag, hotwife" couple. The others are all entitled The Art of Seduction. We've been swinging now for over ten years and plan to for many more. From this point on we will title our stories with a hint to the location or scenario. We'll continue to add stories in the general timeline in which we experienced them. We hope you like them! Joel and Shannon.
***
POUNDED IN PADRE
South Padre Island Texas
Shannon pushed through the sea of excited college students on the way to her meeting. The hotel lobby was packed with spring breakers from all over the county aching to start their yearly week of debauchery. The month long spring break season was the busiest month of the year for Shannon's marketing company. Shannon's job was to be on location in South Padre island Texas for the entire month coordinating with marketing companies, clients, and properties.
"I have a meeting at 10:00 with Stacy," Shannon told the receptionist when she finally reached the front desk.
"She's been expecting you. Follow me," the receptionist tiredly replied.
Shannon was a month away from her thirty eighth birthday. At her age, she loved the casual atmosphere of the island and being away from the drudgery of office life. Shannon was 5'4, 110 pounds, and rocked a pornstar body. The miles of walking every day were tightening her already magnificent legs and calves. The sun had darkened her skin into a deep bronze that contrasted beautifully with her platinum blonde hair. A white short sleeved polo emblazoned with her companies logo stretched tightly across her huge 34DD tits. A small pair of khaki shorts exposed huge sections of her beautiful thighs. Normally, she wore much longer shorts but after one day of wearing the long length she was left with horrible tan lines. The next day she immediately changed styles to a much shorter length that eliminated the horrible tan lines. She took two hour lunches every day from 11:00 until 1:00 so she could lay by the pool at her beachfront condo. She made sure to wear some of her tiniest thong bikinis to minimize her tan lines. Life was definitely good, the only thing she missed was her husband Joel. It had been two weeks since the last time they'd had sex and she still had two and a half more weeks of work before she flew back home. Her body was aching with the need for cock. Shannon and Joel had begun their swinging lifestyle over a year ago, and the excitement and sexual adventures had increased her need for cock exponentially. The recent lack of sex was causing her sexual energy to build up to unbearable levels and she didn't know how much longer she could wait.
"I'll probably have to get out my dildo tonight," Shannon thought to herself with a touch of sadness and excitement.
"Hey Stacy, it's crazy out there in the lobby," Shannon exclaimed as she eased into the chair across from the hotel administrators desk.
Shannon's easy going and kind personality made her perfect for communicating with clients and business partners.
"Hi Shannon, spring break is definitely not my favorite time of the year. Last night we caught three different sets of kids having sex in the elevators! The morals of kids these days is atrocious," Stacy grumbled.
"Thank god she doesn't know about my sex life," Shannon thought to herself as she fondly remembered crazy sexual adventures she and her husband participated in over the last year.
"OMG, that's crazy," Shannon replied, fake horror in her voice. Her pussy started to quiver thinking about getting bent over and fucked from behind in a public elevator.
"How are all the events going? Are you in need of anymore supplies or promotional materials?" Shannon asked forcing her thoughts away from sexual fantasies.
"Yes, we're going to need more samples to place in the rooms for next week. Other than that, everything is going well," Stacy replied wearily.
"Great, I'll get those to you by Wednesday. Also, remember I'm sending Trojan to your pool party tonight to pass out sample condoms," Shannon chuckled.
"Perfect," Stacy groaned. "The debauchery should be in full effect tonight! I'll let the managers know Trojan will be here."
Two hours later. Shannon's Oceanside beach condo.
Shannon drove quickly back to her condo eager for some sun. walking to her room, she stripped and slipped into a tiny, tiger print, micro thong. She grabbed some celery sticks out of the fridge as she made her way out to her usual lounge chair by the pool. The pool was large and shared by three two story condo complexes with patios that faced the clear pool water. The beach and the Gulf of Mexico were only a hundred yards away from the open end of the complex. Shannon loved how the condos gave a great respite from the craziness of the spring breakers. The college kids almost exclusively piled into the myriad of cheap hotels lined up along the coast of the island. So far, five of the condos were rented out by companies working on the island for the entire spring break season. The sixth condo was a week to week rental that to this point had been rented out by older couples on vacation. Shannon was interested to see who would be in the second story condo this week. As she speculated she massaged baby oil onto every inch of her torso. Sighing contentedly, she closed her eyes and luxuriated in the warmth of the bright sun shining down and bronzing her glistening body. Within minutes she dozed off fantasizing about Joels cock pounding her pussy in a public elevator. The excitement of doing it in such a risky location sent waterfalls of moisture cascading through her pussy.
"Mmm, so horny," Shannon mumbled to herself as she woke to the sounds of laughter.
Shannon cracked one eye open and glanced around trying to locate the source of the chatter.
On the balcony of the week to week rental she saw four young college guys drinking beer and staring down at her predatorily.
"So much for my quite solitude," Shannon thought to herself as she checked her iPhone for the time.
"Only 12:30, I still have twenty five minutes before I have to get back to work," Shannon thought.
She glanced up at the men on the balcony once again. The men were blatantly staring at her while chatting and drinking beer. The guys attention instantly hardened her nipples. The flimsy fabric of her micro bikini top strained and stretched to cover the now rock hard buttons poking out from the top of her massive tits.
"Jesus christ," Shannon heard one of the men blurt out as he stared.
As much as she wanted some peace and quite, nothing was more intoxicating to her than the lustful, fuck me looks of horny, good looking men.
"I think I'll give them a little show," Shannon thought to herself as she slowly stretched and arched her back. Her 34DD tits pushed out like mini mountains. The tiny triangle of her bikini top strained to hold her massive breasts in.
"Fucking hell," one of the frat guys said from the balcony.
Shannon smiled to herself and pretended like she didn't hear the guys as she rolled over. She exposed her g-string covered ass and slowly pulled loose the knot holding her bikini top on. Snickering slyly to herself she slightly lifted her chest and removed the tiny top. The feeling of lying basically naked on her lounger while horny men stared at her sent massive amounts of endorphins pulsing throughout her body. Shannon continued to tan her nearly naked backside for twenty more minutes before packing up her belongings.
"What a fucking Milf!" One of the buzzed college guys said, watching the blonde goddess stand up. Her bare breasts swung majestically, completely exposed to the four men. The men's mouths hung open as the goddess slowly turned and stretched before covering herself with her beach towel.
"What a fucking start to our week, I was worried your dad's condo was gonna suck!" Another spring breaker said as he whistled down at the blonde below.
Shannon smiled when she heard the whistling from above. With a slutty look she turned and glanced up at the men, giving them a teasing wave of acknowledgement before entering her condo.
Two hours later, Shannon's portable office.
"Hey babe," Shannon said, answering the phone call from Joel.
"Hi, I just got home from work. I'm gonna head to the gym in a few. How's it going today?" Joel asked his wife as he relaxed on the couch.
"Work is great, But I really miss you. Two and half weeks without fucking is really getting to me. I've been thinking about sex all day," Shannon said sadly into her iPhone.
"I know, I've been jacking off every night dreaming about fucking you...or watching someone fuck you," Joel snickered.
Joel and Shannon started swinging over a year ago. Since the beginning of their lifestyle journey, they'd never gone more than a day without having sex. They'd both been dreading Shannon's five week absence for work. The last two and half weeks had been tough, but the thought of another two and half weeks of separation was dreadful.
"My pussy is aching, I'm sick of sitting at the condo every night alone. I can't wait to get home and get out to the bars again with you! If you know what I mean," Shannon purred into the mouthpiece of her cell.
"Oh babe, you don't know how much I want that. I'm getting hard just thinking about you wearing a slutty little outfit out," Joel moaned into his phone.
"You should've seen the men checking me out at the pool today. I wore my little tiger print thong and fell asleep. I woke up to the sound of guys chattering about the hot milf at the pool. It was so hot baby," Shannon cooed into the phone.
"Did you tease them? I'm jacking off right now thinking about it," Joel panted.
"Not to bad, I gave them a quick tit flash as I walked into the condo, but I've been horny ever since," Shannon told her husband lustily. "I need your cock so bad baby!" Shannon whispered.
Joel sat back on the couch and stroked his cock madly while visualizing his wife exposed in a tiny bikini while the college guys stared. He imagined her flaunting her ass and big tits as she sunbathed. While he stroked, a devious smile spread across his face. The beginnings of a plan began to form in his mind. He knew how fucking horny she was right now. If he could set it up just right, he might be able to manipulate her into a situation that he knew would sexually satisfy both of them. It was all a matter if the right pieces fell together to make it happen.
"You know what honey, you should go out tonight! Show off a bit, maybe that would help relive some of your built up sexual energy," Joel said confidently into the phone.
"Really? I don't know, It won't be the same unless you're with me. Also, I'm here on business, I don't want any clients to see me out drinking," Shannon said with a touch of dismay in her voice.
But even as she said it she was thinking about the outfits she could wear out and the excitement she felt from men staring.
"You'll be fine, just go to a local bar that isn't filled with spring breakers. You won't see anyone you know. Show off a bit, I know how hot it gets you. When you get home, masturbate. I guarantee it will be the best cum you've had in weeks. It'll definitely relieve all your sexual tension," Joel said with a devious grin on his face. "Hopefully you'll even be satisfied until you get home. And when you get home I'll give you the fucking of your life," Joel quickly added.
Joel snickered to himself as he persuaded his wife that she needed to go out. He knew that if the right circumstances came together it was a good possibility he could experience one of his greatest fantasies. Joel had always fantasized about his wife getting picked up at a bar, taken home, and fucked without him there with her. The fact was, Shannon was on an almost two and a half week break from sex. His plan formed. Step one, get her to go out dressed sexy. Step two, hope a lot of men were out to stare at her and give her attention. Step three, hope a guy she is attracted to hits on her. If all those items fell into place there was no way she wouldn't agree to a hookup. His job was to tip her in the right direction and make sure all the dominos fell correctly. This just might turn out to be the perfect situation to make that happen.
"Trust me honey, I really think you need to do this," Joel urged.
"Maybe you're right, I could go out for a few drinks, relax a bit," Shannon replied, liking Joel's idea more and more by the minute.
"I'm gonna head to the gym. It'd be really hot if you wear a special shirt for me," Joel chuckled.
A special shirt was what he called a sheer shirt. Nothing was more amazing than Shannon's huge tits visible under a sheer top. The thought of it had his cock rock hard, bulging in his shorts.
"Call me when you head out tonight babe," Joel added.
"Are you sure you want me to wear a top like that without you?" Shannon replied, hoping he would say yes.
"Hell yes! Go all out, I don't want you holding back at all," Joel urged his wife.
"Mmmm, I can't wait! I'm gonna finish up if a few hours, take a nap, and then get ready. I'll call you around 9:00ish," Shannon said excitedly.
"Sounds good, love you," Joel answered back.
"Love you so much baby," Shannon replied, her pussy dripping with excitement.
Five hours later, Shannon's beachfront condo 8:00pm
Shannon stood naked in front of the mirror. The hair straightener ran through her blonde locks smoothing them out. She'd spent forty five Minutes in the tub shaving every inch of her body. Only a tiny blonde landing strip situated above the slit of her pussy remained.
"Just like Joel loves," Shannon thought to herself.
Shannon stared at herself in the mirror admiring how the tan lines from her micro bikini contrasted beautifully with her deep golden brown tan.
"I look pretty damn good for being almost thirty eight," she thought to herself as she pulled out her makeup.
The excitement of going out pulsed throughout her body while she carefully applied her makeup.
"Perfect," she mumbled before walking to the bedroom to try on a few outfits.
Most of her sexy revealing clothes she'd left at home. On the way home from work she stopped at a local boutique that specialized in club clothes for college students. She chose a small black tube dress, a tiny jean skirt, a flimsy tan draped open front top and a black, semi sheer baby doll top. The black top plunged well below the crevice of her tits, cupping and holding her breasts almost like a halter. Shannon tried on the black dress first. She stepped into it and pulled it up over her chest. The black tube dress was skin tight and clung to every curve of her body. She checked herself out in the mirror. The dress looked great but was a little to dressy for a local beach bar.
"Definitely the skirt," Shannon thought to herself while quickly removing the dress and slipping into the skirt.
Smiling devilishly she pulled on the tiny size two micro skirt, walked over to the mirror again and checked herself out.
"Wow, I wear this better than those young college girls," Shannon thought with pride.
The tiny skirt was about ten inches long and barely covered her ass. She grabbed the black top off the bed and pulled it on. The black semi sheer material was tissue thin and clung to her tits like wet paint. The halter top tied right under her breasts and the bottom flared out loosely. Shannon walked to the mirror and looked herself up and down. She smiled with satisfaction at what she saw. The material of her top was so thin that her nipples were slightly visible under the fabric. Her tiny jean skirt barely covered her pussy in front and her ass in the back. Her tits looked massive and the huge amounts of her exposed, tan skin, looked magnificent.
"Joel would approve," Shannon thought with satisfaction.
She grabbed a pair of open toed, black, six inch high heels and slipped them on.
"Definitely no thong tonight," Shannon said out loud.
She glanced at the tiny black thong she was going to wear and decided two items of clothing were more than enough. Lastly she walked into the bathroom to apply her fuck me red lipstick. The breeze blowing up her skirt and onto her bare pussy sent shivers of pleasure tumbling through her body. Her nipples hardened thinking about men oogling her tonight. Feeling sexy and seductive Shannon confidently grabbed her purse and headed out on her adventure.
One hour later, The Coral Reef Lounge 9:15 pm
Shannon pulled into The Coral Reef Lounge. The bar was well away from the spring breakers and was a popular and well known hotspot for the locals and seasonal island residents. Shannon's high heals clicked on the pavement as she walked across the parking lot. Her 34DD tits swayed majestically under her top. The lack of a bra caused an intoxicating titty jiggle as she strutted. Goosebumps covered her entire body the second she opened the door and entered the bar. The thrill of getting out for the first time in weeks had her heart racing. She glanced across the bar a chose a stool towards the back that gave her full view of the small dance floor and stage used for karaoke. The half full bar was noisy and buzzing with the chatter of a variety of people of different ages. She eased onto her stool and made eye contact with the bartender.
"Welcome, what can I get you?" The bartender asked.
"Hi, I'll take a captain and diet please," Shannon replied. She smiled as the bartender looked her up and down, obviously noticing her semi sheer top that was visibly showing her areoles.
She grabbed her iPhone out of her small handbag and dialed her husbands number. The phone rang multiple times before going to voicemail.
"That's weird, he always answers," Shannon thought with a touch of worry.
"Hey babe, I just got to the bar, it's called The Coral Reef Lounge, Call me back...P.S. I'm real horny lol," Shannon texted on her cell.
Joel glanced at his phone and waited ten minutes before returning his wife's text. It was incredibly hard to let his phone ring to voicemail, but for his plan to work he didn't want Shannon seen talking to her husband on the phone.
"Glad you made it! Are you wearing a special shirt?" Joel tapped out in reply.
Shannon was relived and smiled happily when Joel's text beeped on her phone.
"Of course baby, you'll love it," Shannon quickly tapped before hitting send.
"So hot, hope you get tons of attention! Text me when a hot guy starts hitting on you," Joel text back.
The thought of his wife being out dressed sexy and getting hit on without being able to watch was nerve wracking and exciting at the same time. His cock was rock hard while he sat at the computer and googled The Coral Reef Lounge in South Padre Island Texas.
"Ok text you back in a bit...love," Shannon replied.
The bartender delivered her cocktail and tried very hard not to stare at the blonde pornstar sitting in his bar. "Here you go!"
"Thanks, hey does this place get real busy, or is it more chill?" Shannon asked the barman.
"In about an hour this place is gonna be packed, and from the looks of you, you're gonna be fighting the men off. Let me know if you need anything ok," the bartender told her.
"Thanks, I'm sure I'll be fine," Shannon answered.
She glanced down at her exposed legs. She had her knees squeezed together while sitting on her barstool. Her short skirt barely covered her bare pussy lips. If she spread her legs open even a little bit her crotch would be visible. She smiled, took a sip of her drink and scanned the people around the bar. For the next hour and half Shannon politely rebuffed the advances of a handful of men. They all continued to stare from their tables as she seductively sipped her cocktail. Randomly she would slightly spread her legs, giving a quick glimpse up her miniskirt. Even though she wasn't attracted to any of the men who approached, she was getting incredibly turned on by their attention. Her nipples were rock hard under her top and visibly pushing out the tissue of the thin fabric. She slightly opened her legs and felt the dampness of her pussy, it's wetness yearning for cock. Shannon picked up her phone when it vibrated on the counter.
"How's it going?" Joel's text read.
"Looking good...getting drunk and horny," Shannon quickly answered.
"Your outfit getting any looks??"
"LOL...of course, this skirt is so short I'm almost naked!" Shannon smiled as she typed her reply.
"Awesome! Text me as soon as you have a hot guy hitting on you,"
"I will," Shannon answered before setting her phone back down on the bar.
Brad approached her five minutes later. He slid into the open bar stool next to her. Calling the bartender over, he confidently ordered another round for the beautiful blonde next to him.
Shannon looked Brad up and down and immediately approved of what she saw. Brad looked to be in his early thirties and was very attractive. He was 6'0 tall with sandy blonde hair. A tight pair of jeans showed off his fit body. His black dress shirt was unbuttoned a quarter of the way down his tanned, firm chest. His sleeves were rolled up to his elbows and a very visible wedding ring was on his finger. Shannon turned to face his bar stool making sure he got a perfect view of her semi sheer top and tiny mini skirt.
"What would your wife think of you buying another women a drink," Shannon asked Brad while looking directly at his wedding ring. "I'm Shannon by the way," she added while extending her hand to Brad.
"I'm Brad," the hot guy answered as he shook the blonde goddess's hand.
"I'm guessing she would feel the same as your husband," Brad quickly answered back while nodding at the diamond ring sparkling on Shannon's finger.
"I pretty sure my husband would approve, unlike your wife," Shannon laughed.
"Well, my wife's a bitch and she'll never find out. You ok with a married man buying you a drink?" Brad said teasingly.
"From you...I'm more than ok with it," Shannon replied.
She leaned down slowly and took a sip of her drink making sure Brad got a good view of her breasts. The excitement of being hit on by Brad opened floodgates inside her pussy. She was absolutely drenched and could feel the dampness on the insides of her thighs.
Shannon pulled out her phone and began typing on the screen. "A hot guy is hitting on me!"
Shannon leaned over and showed Brad the text on her screen.
"See, wait until you see his response, I promise he'll approve," Shannon chuckled as Brad stared at her dumbfounded.
She spread her legs slightly, cool air rushed over her bare pussy. She watched Brad stare at her legs and the jean skirt that barely covered her wet slit. Brad ogled her with a wolfish expression. She could tell he was definitely an alpha male who was in the process of stalking his prey. Shannon's phone vibrated with a new text.
"Mmmm, have him take a pic of you for me!"
"Ok, 1 sec," Shannon typed.
Shannon showed Brad the response and handed him her phone.
"Would you mind," Shannon asked as she twisted on her barstool, directly facing Brad.
She spread her legs slightly and held her drink to her lips. She leaned forward slightly, exposing the huge breasts that were practically spilling out of her top.
Click.
Brad snapped the pic and handed the phone back to Shannon. She uploaded the pic to the text thread and hit send.
"Goddamn! No wonder he is hitting on you," Joel's text read.
"Thanks honey, gonna talk to him a bit, text u in awhile," Shannon answered.
Her body was throbbing with excitement and showing Joel's text to Brad filled her with exhilaration. Shannon motioned for Brad to slide his stool closer to her. She placed her hand on his thigh and slowly rubbed his muscular leg. She'd not realized how much she missed the thrill of dressing up and getting hit on.
"Tell me all about yourself," Shannon said to Brad while smiling seductively.
For the next two hours Shannon and Brad flirted and teased each other. Brad kept feeding Shannon cocktails in an obvious attempt to get her drunk. Shannon began to feel the euphoria of the alcohol hitting her blood stream. With every drink her inhibitions began to lesson. She let her skirt ride up to the base of her crotch letting her pussy lips peek out seductively. Brad stared at her snatch like a predator moving in for the kill. Subtlety Brad reached over and began to lightly move his fingers over her thigh. The visceral attraction and sexual tension between them was oozing from their bodies. More drinks were served and the crowd around the bar watched the two with interest. Shannon casually brushed her hand across the ample bulge jutting from the crotch of Brad's jeans.
"I want to fuck you," Brad leaned over and whispered in Shannon's ear as Shannon's hand brushed against his throbbing cock.
"I want that so much, but I can't without my husband with me," Shannon replied in a pouty voice.
Shannon thought about her husband sitting home alone. She was so horny, but she couldn't fuck this stud without Joel. She was conflicted, her pussy was aching...dripping...wanting Brad's cock.
"Ahhh," Shannon moaned out loud. Brads finger lightly brushed against her pussy lips. Shannon's whole body quivered in need.
"Let me text my husband quick," Shannon told Brad.
She'd never felt such an intense need to fuck before in her life. The conflict of not wanting to cheat on Joel made her horniness even more intense. She thought quickly of how to pose her text before typing.
"I'm so horny!! My pussy is dripping," Shannon typed before hitting send.
She paused for a minute before gathering up the courage to type what she so desperately wanted. Shannon breathed in deeply and typed.
"I want to fuck this guy so bad!" She held her finger over the send button with nervous excitement. She actually felt a little nauseous as she hit the send button. "What was Joel going to say? Would he be mad at her? But I want Brad so bad!"
Nerve wracking thoughts bounced around her head until the vibration of an incoming text jolted her back to reality.
"Then FUCK him!" Joel's text read.
The words stood out on Shannon's screen like neon lights. The nauseous feeling immediately fell away as a water fall of moisture cascaded inside her pussy.
"OMG, he said yes!" Shannon thought to herself.
"I can't believe he said yes," Shannon murmured out loud.
Brad tried peeking at the screen to get a glimpse of the conversation going on. Shannon quickly tapped her fingers over the screen.
"Are you sure it's ok??" She asked a second time just to make sure.
"My cock is so hard here knowing you're going to fuck his brains out!" Joel's response read.
.
"Ok, gonna leave and head to condo," Shannon instantly replied.
"Text when u get there," Joel replied.
Shannon showed Brad the texts on her screen with sultry fuck me eyes.
"Let's get the fuck out here," she leaned over and whispered in Brads ear.
Brad whipped a hundred Dollar bill out of his wallet and tossed it on the bar for the tab. Shannon grabbed his hand and dragged him out of the bar.
"Where to?" Brad asked Shannon when they walked into the cool night air of the parking lot.
"My condo, but you drive," Shannon instantly replied.
Brad led her to the passenger side of his car. Before opening the door, he pushed her against the side of the car. He embraced the blonde goddess tightly and began passionately kissing her. Their tongues flicked, explored, and delved into each other's mouths as they kissed. Shannon reached around and grabbed Brads tight ass, massaging it as they made out.
"Fuck, I've been thinking about this all night," Brad whispered in Shannon's ear.
Shannon could feel Brads cock straining under his jeans as he pushed himself tightly against her.
"I need that cock so bad," Shannon thought, pushing Brad away from her.
"Cmon, lets take this back to the condo," she panted before climbing into Brads car.
Shannon gave Brad the directions to her condo and immediately reached over and unbuckled Brads jeans. Brad pulled the car out into traffic as Shannon released his throbbing cock from the confines of his tight jeans.
"Mmmm, I like," Shannon breathed heavily, wrapping her hands around his shaft while slowly stroking it up and down.
"It's beautiful, how big is it," Shannon groaned. She adjusted herself in her seat and leaned over.
"Eight inches," Brad panted .
"And thick, just like I like a cock," Shannon purred.
She slowly began to lick the tip of his cock. Precum leaked out from his slit. She gobbled the delicious man juice dripping from her studs raging hard-on. Brad reached over and lifted Shannon's skirt, exposing her tight tanned ass. He massaged her ass while driving slowly down the road. Shannon's head bobbed up and down, slurping, sucking, licking. Jolts of electricity raced through her body every time his fingers came close to her dripping slit. He was teasing her! Their was nothing more she wanted right now than his fingers in her pussy. She tried thrusting her crotch back onto his fingers, but he quickly moved them away with every thrust of her hips.
"We're here," Brad said, throwing the car into park.
They jumped out of the car and quickly walked to the condo. Shannon stopped at the front door, handed Brad her phone, lifted her skirt and bent over.
"Take a couple pics that I can send to my husband!"
Brad took the camera and focused on the slut posing in front of him. His cock quickly came fully erect as he snapped the pic. Brad drooled eyeing the moisture fucking glistening on the sluts pussy.
"Ok got it," Brad said.
Shannon turned around and pulled her massive tits out of her top.
"Your tits are fucking perfect," Brad told Shannon.
Rock hard, pencil eraser sized nipples poked out prominently from the most amazing set of tits he'd ever seen. He snapped the pic quickly and handed her back the phone.
"At condo baby...dripping wet," Shannon tapped out on the screen before unlocking the front door.
Brad led her over to the family room and immediately began sucking on Shannon's hard nipples. His tongue darted, flicked, and lightly sucked the granite outcroppings.
"Uggh," that feels so good," Shannon groaned while attaching the two pics they had just took and sending them to Joel.
"Mmm, just like that" Shannon moaned as Brad worshipped and licked her huge 34DD tits.
Shannon turned her phone on and typed "I blew him the whole way home..his cock is big!"
Brad stood Shannon up and stripped her top of her. Sweat and saliva glistened on her body and tits. Her phone vibrated as she squatted down in front of Brads crotch. She unbuckled his jeans and pulled out his magnificent eight inch beauty.
"Mmmm, I'm sure you made it that way!"
"Wear a condom and fuck him hard!" Were the two rapid fire replies from Joel.
Shannon put Brads veiny, throbbing cock in her mouth as she typed.
"Love you, text when done," she just barely managed to type out before she attacked the beautiful cock in front of her.
"Have fun, my cock is hard just thinking about it," was they reply that popped up on her cell phone screen. Shannon never saw the message. Her phone was on the ground and Brad's cock was buried in her mouth.
Joel laid back on the couch pummeling his six inch cock like a piston. He'd been drinking heavily since Shannon had left for the bar. In his drunken state his mind was going crazy! All he could do was imagine what was going on in Padre. His stomach roiled with a sense of nervousness and pure excitement.
"Maybe his condom will slip off," Joel thought to himself.
"AHHH FUCK!" Joel yelled.
Imagining his wife being barebacked caused his cock to spurt seven long ropes of creamy jizz all over his chest and onto his face. He couldn't believe how much he had just erupted and chucked at how he'd shot cum right onto his own face. Still giggling, Joel wiped the jizz off his body before lying back down on the couch.
"I'll just relax here a bit until Shannon texts me in a couple hours," Joel thought to himself.
Within minutes he was fast asleep, snoring off the copious amounts of alcohol he'd consumed that night.
11:00 AM the next morning
Joel awoke to the late morning sun beating down on his face. He sat up slowly and shook his groggy head. Head pounding he slowly walked to the kitchen to find a drink.
"Jesus Christ," Joel thought as he took a drink to get the disgusting cotton mouth taste from his mouth.
"Alexa, what time is it,"
"It's 11:04 am," Alexa's computer generated voice droned.
"Holy shit, I missed Shannon's call," Joel thought to himself as he raced to his cell.
Joel's heart beat furiously while fumbling with the phone. He looked at the screen with confusion. No new texts and no new voicemails.
"WTF!" Joel thought.
Panic crashed throughout his body like a tidal wave as he quickly dialed Shannon's cell. Ring, ring, ring, ring, ring, no answer. Annoyed, he hung up and paced the room for a minute before redialing. Ring, ring, ring. Thankfully Shannon picked up on the third ring.
"OMG, are you alright baby, I overslept and saw I didn't have any messages from you. I was terrified," Joel said quickly.
"I know, I'm sorry, I couldn't go through with it last night. I didn't want you to be disappointed so I decided to let you sleep in," Shannon panted heavily.
"Really, you bailed on him? He must've been pissed," Joel said, bewildered at this stunning change of events.
"Actually, he was really good about it. Of course he's still hoping I change my mind," Shannon's breathing grew even heavier with her last response.
"You ok? You sound like your panting pretty hard," Joel commented.
"I am, I'm walking through the sand to the events on the beach, it's a real workout. Hey I'm almost to my location, can I call you back later?"
"Sure, I'm sorry things didn't work out last night," Joel added.
"No baby, it was perfect, I had an amazing night. It was just what I needed," Shannon grunted out heavily.
"Talk to you in a bit, love you,"
"Love you too," Joel answered before breaking the connection.
"Wtf happened? I thought everything worked out exactly the way I planned," Joel thought confused.
Three days later, Joel and Shannon's house in Florida.
Joel hung up the phone with Shannon as he walked to the mailbox. Things had been great the last few days. Shannon was in a much better mood and didn't seem down at all. She was extremely thankful Joel had convinced her go out to the bar. She repeatedly commented on how it was exactly what she needed to get out of her funk. Joel retrieved the mail and scanned a few items of junk mail. The last item caught his attention, it was a small brown Manila envelope stamped with overnight delivery. The return address on the envelope was South Padre Island Texas. He hurriedly ripped it open and found two small Scan Disk 64gb memory cards. The memory cards were labeled disk 1 and disk 2. Curious about the contents of the cards Joel walked inside and inserted the card marked disk 1 into his iMac desktop. He assumed it was marketing footage Shannon had recorded for her clients. She had a portable HD video camera her company provided that went with her everywhere. The window showing the files popped open. Joel noticed the portable memory card was full and contained three HD video clips. With nothing better to do he selected the first clip and clicked play.
A hand covered the camera lens before shakily setting the camera down. Joel watched intently as the camera zoomed out and focused on an empty family room. Settling, the camera view showed a family room with a couch and slider door in the background. Seconds later Shannon came into focus as she walked away from the camera towards the couch. She sat seductively on the couch wearing only a tiny jean skirt and heals. Her torso was completely bare and her hard nipples were jutting out prominently from her huge breasts.
"Wtf is she doing," Joel thought as he eyed the Sweat glistening and sparkling all over her torso.
"Hey babe, I just got home from the bar and I'm really fucking horny," Shannon cooed seductively at the camera.
"I want you to meet someone!" Shannon said before motioning to someone off screen to join her.
Shannon looked to the left with a devious smile. A tall blonde man walked into the view of the camera and stood next to Shannon. He was fully naked, his raging hard-on dangled inches in front of his wife's face. His chest was firm and his abs were rippled with muscle. Joel was impressed with the guys cock. It had to be at least eight inches, maybe even larger and it was very thick and veiny.
"This is Brad honey, and he is going to FUCK...ME...HARD!" Shannon said forcefully.
She made sure to put extra emphasis on fuck me hard. Without a seconds hesitation Shannon grabbed Brad's cock and slid it in her mouth. Groaning, Brad grabbed the back of Shannon's blonde hair with both hands and pushed her face forward onto his shaft.
"Deep throat my cock you little slut," Brad commanded. Shannon opened her mouth wider and accepted every thick inch of the cock into her mouth. The bulbous head pushed past her tonsils and into her throat. Brad fucked Shannon's mouth and throat deeply until she gagged and pulled herself back.
"Acck, I love this cock," Shannon panted.
Shannon lovingly cupped Brads heavy balls in her hands and massaged them. She kissed up and down his veiny shaft before moving down and sucking one of his giant testicles into her mouth. She flicked her tongue over and around his balls before attempting to fit both in her mouth.
"They're so big, I can't fit both in my mouth, they must be filled with buckets of cum," Shannon purred.
Joel pumped his cock furiously, not believing what he was seeing! This video was exactly what he'd been dreaming of. His wife probably knew exactly what he'd planned the entire time. She'd manipulated him!
"Well done," Joel thought with a touch of pride.
He refocused on the video, the well hung stud pushed his wife back onto the couch.
"Spread your legs," Brad commanded. Shannon laid back on the couch and spread her legs wide open. Shannon's jean skirt slid up around her belly button seductively exposing her engorged and dripping pussy.
"Mmm, you like me spreading my legs like a slut?" Shannon moaned as Brad squatted down.
He blew on her pussy lightly while flicking his tongue frantically over her labia.
"Ohhh gawd," Shannon groaned while Brads mouth and tongue licked, sucked, and slobbered her pulsing pussy.
"You're so fucking wet, I love it," Brad said, sliding two fingers into her pussy.
Shannon's pussy eagerly accepted Brads fingers, her slippery lips parting with ease. She began moaning loudly as her stud massaged her g spot with his two fingers.
"Ungh, ungh, ungh," Shannon panted while bucking and gyrating on his hand frantically.
"Fuck yes, that feels so good! You're gonna make me cum so many times tonight," Shannon moaned.
Joel continued to masturbate furiously as he watched the video. Precum was oozing out of his cock and they hadn't even started fucking yet. He watched Brad stand up and slide onto the couch next to his wife. Shannon kissed him passionately before getting up and seductively strutting off screen. She came back on screen a minute later and tossed a handful of condoms onto the couch. Joel watched his wife pose in front of Brad before slowly pulling her skirt off.
"I'm dripping! You wanna fuck me?" Shannon purred rubbing her hands all over Brads muscular chest and abs before slowly climbing on top of her fuck toy.
She slowly ground and slid her dripping slit up and down the eight inches of Brads thick shaft. Brad grabbed her hips and sucked on her massive titties as Shannon gyrated her hips back and forth along his girth.
"Your tits are fucking perfect," Brad groaned. "You want this cock in you baby?" Brad asked.
"I want it so bad! I want you to fuck me like a pornstar!" Shannon begged. "Take me, make me a pornstar," Shannon added while continuing to slide her drenched pussy up and down Brads bare shaft.
"You should be careful what you ask for!" Brad said with a nasty gleam in his eye.
He reached over and grabbed a condom, opened it with his teeth, and handed the latex sheath to Shannon. Shannon rolled the latex over Brads thick girth. She moaned when she saw how far the latex had to stretch to completely encapsulate his thick prick.
"Fuck," Joel muttered as he watched his wife struggle to pull the condom over her studs cock.
Seconds after the condom was rolled on the thick cock Shannon's bull picked her up in the air. She wrapped her arms around Brads neck as he grabbed her ass cheeks firmly with both hands. Joel stroked furiously as his wife impatiently reached down and placed the bulls engorged shaft on her labia.
"Fuck me," was all Shannon said before the bull rammed his prick into his wife.
Joel watched in mesmerized amazement as the bull bounced his wife up and down on his cock. His strength was amazing, his biceps rippled as he levitated Shannon up and down.
"Fuck yes! You're so damn thick!" Shannon yelled out as she was held up in the air. She stared at Brad adoringly as he repeatedly thrust her up and back down again on his eight inch cock. Shannon tits and feet bounced and swayed like she was riding a bucking bronco.
"You're pussy is fucking sopping," Brad breathed.
Joel wished he had a closeup shot because he could see white cream oozing from his wife's pussy. The creamy juice rolled down the bulls slimy cock shaft. Joel's eyes grew large when the bull threw his wife onto the couch. Shannon didn't even flinch. She immediately bent over and lifted her ass in the air.
"Take me, fuck me hard," Shannon yelled out.
"OMG all the neighbors are gonna hear her," Joel thought.
The gorgeous stud grabbed his wife's hips firmly from behind and slid his cock all the way in to the hilt.
"Ohh yes, this is the way I like it," Shannon groaned.
Her pussy clenched and quivered as Brad slowly pushed in and out of her wet gash. His long deep strokes continued for over thirty minutes.
Joel masturbated furiously as the two glistening bodies on his computer screen moaned, groaned, and cried out loudly in ecstasy.
"Hard Brad, hard," Shannon breathed.
The bull picked up his pace, his balls created a loud slapping sound as they crashed against his wife.
"Harder Brad, fuck me harder!" Shannon screamed.
Joel watched in astonishment as Brad jackhammered his wife from behind. "How in the hell is he not cumming?" Joel thought in amazement.
"Yes,yes,yes,yes...you are a GOD! CUMMING all over your cock!" Shannon screamed. Brad continued to pound away as Shannon's orgasm ripped through her. Sweat dripped off the lovers bodies and creamy liquid from Shannon's orgasm rolled down Brads shaft and over his swollen balls.
"Wow, I can't wait to ask her about that orgasm," Joel thought as the bulls cock flopped out of his wife's swollen box.
Brads cock pointed straight out as he turned Shannon around and flipped her over. Smiling, Shannon laid back on the couch and spread her legs seductively. Brad panted loudly while quickly ripping the condom off his prick. Shannon looked up at the bull with lust filled eyes, flicking her tongue in and out as her bull stroked his cock in front of her.
"Give it to me Brad! Cover me with your seed, make me your slut," Shannon begged Brad.
"Unnnghh," Brad moaned as the first thick rope of sticky goo exploded out of his penis slit. The rope crashed against Shannon's forehead and slowly ran down her face.
"Unnnghh," Brad groaned as a second thick rope blasted out and splattered against her red lips.
"OMG," Brad yelled as a third massive rope shot out of his firehouse and crashed against her huge tits. Brad moved closer and placed his bulbous cock head centimeters from Shannon's lips before expelling two more blasts of cum right on the blonde pornstars mouth and lips.
"You're fucking amazing," Brad sighed, crashing down on the couch next to the blonde goddess.
Joel watched mesmerized as the ripped bull put his arm around his wife and pulled her close. Shannon rested her head against the studs chest and wrapped her arms around him She made no attempt to wipe away the cum that was plastered and glistening all over her face and chest.
"That was amazing," Joel's wife purred on the video.
"You're a god," Shannon said slithering down Brads torso.
Shannon looked directly at the camera and took Brads cock into her mouth, slowly licking every bit of cum off Brads beautiful manhood. With a look of satisfaction Shannon stood up and walked directly to the lens in front of the camera.
Joel watched raptly as his wife squatted down directly in front of the camera and let her face fill the entire screen. Thick, creamy cum covered her face and hung from her chin as she spoke.
"You like baby?" Shannon asked directly to the camera. "Thanks so much baby, this was exactly what I needed,"
Joel's cock spurted out cum as Shannon starred into the camera for the next thirty seconds, slowly licking the bulls cum off her lips with her tongue.
"Love you so much baby, but I need a cocktail after that fuck," Shannon said as her hand came up and ended the recording.
Joel collapsed back in his chair mentally drained. Watching his wife being fucked like a pornstar was exhilarating and nerve racking all at once. Being in the same room when she was fucked was very easy. Watching her fuck a hot guy without him there was very stressful. He wished he didn't like it so much...but he did, and now he knew his wife definitely did also. Joel was curious as to what Shannon was doing on the island so he opened the second clip on disk 1.
The clip started with the camera pointed directly at the carpet. The picture swung back and forth as the camera was obviously being carried with the lens pointed down.
"You're so naughty," Joel heard his wife snickering loudly in the background.
"This is gonna be awesome, I promise," Joel heard Brad's voice reply off camera.
Joel heard the slider door squeak open along with more drunken giggling from his wife.
"OMG, is this round two," Joel thought.
His cock instantly sprang back to life again as blood rushed back into his manhood. The camera settled back down when it was placed on the patio table outside Shannon's condo. It focused on Shannon who was standing totally naked on a ten foot strip of grass between her condo patio and the pool. Shannon was holding two shot glasses in her hand naked out in the open public air, nipples fully erect. Brad walked into the camera shot naked with his thick cock hard, rigid and pointing straight out. Shannon giggled loudly and dropped to her knees in front of his cock. She took Brads cock in her mouth and slowly started pouring the alcohol from the shots over his dick as she slurped and licked.
Joel pounded away on his prick as Shannon spent the next ten minutes insatiably gobbling cock.
"Fuck me right here in the open," Joel heard faintly through the camera microphone.
"Lay down, I'm gonna ride you like a bull," Shannon replied.
Joel stroked away as Shannon mounted Brad reverse cowboy style in the open air. He marveled at the beauty of her perfect 34DD tits bouncing up and down as she repeatedly impaled her pussy on the long, thick cock.
As Joel watched his wife fuck a lightbulb turned on in his brain. He had two memory cards, the first was full, filled with three HD video clips. The first two clips on this one were of his wife fucking. Also his wife had been in a fantastic mood the last few days. The puzzle pieces all began to fit together.
"OMG, how many times did she fuck this guy?" The question raced through Joel's head.
Filled with a desperate need to see what could possibly be on the other clips Joel began to fast forward the video. Brad fucked Shannon on the grass and lounge chair in front of her condo for the next forty five minutes of video. She rode him, he bent her over, they spooned and fucked on the lounger. They passionately made out with her riding on top of him. They did more shots off each other bodies. Joel resumed regular playback speed with one minute left on the clip.
"Fuck meee, cumming for the third time," he heard his wife moan as she ground her pussy onto the wide shaft.
Immediately after Shannon's orgasm Brad pulled out of her pussy and erupted.
"Ahhhh, gawd!" Brad panted as four greats gouts of creamy man seed shot out of his cock covering Shannon's tits and belly.
Joel watched with astonishment as his wife once again crawled over and squatted directly in front of the camera.
"How did you like that baby," Shannon grinned as Brads cum ran down her chest.
She reached her hand up and the video went black. Joel quickly pulled up the third clip and pushed play. The video once again started wobbly before coming into focus. Shannon was lying on a bed with her legs spread wide as bright sunlight lit up the room.
"Shit, he's still there the next morning," Joel thought to himself.
Shannon had her cell phone in her hand with a devious look spread across her face. Brad obviously had the camera and was filming as he crawled onto the bed and settled between Shannon's open legs.
"Hey Joel, you just called when your wife asked for round three," Brad said as he held the camera up over Shannon's body.
His thick cock was rock hard and covered with a condom. Brad slapped his big member on Shannon's pussy repeatedly. Moisture glistened on Shannon's twat as Brad laid his long cock directly on top off Shannon's pubic mound.
"Stick it in me Brad, I want it so bad," Shannon groaned.
"Not until your hubby calls back," Brad teased. "I promise as soon as you have him on the line you'll get your cock," Brad said as he lowered his rod and pushed his huge cock head tightly against Shannon's soaked labia.
"Please call quickly honey, I need his cock again, he fucks me so good," Shannon moaned directly into the camera lens.
Shannons phone began to vibrate. She looked at the screen and help it up to the camera. Joel, hubby, shown brightly across the screen. Shannon smiled delightedly as she hit answer and held the phone to her ear.
Joel watched as Brad penetrated his wife's pussy the second she answered the phone. The camera shot showed his wife's pussy spreading wide open in acceptance of the veiny monster penetrating her.
"I know, I'm sorry, I couldn't go through with it last night. I didn't want you to be disappointed so I decided to let you sleep in," Shannon panted heavily.
It was surreal to Joel as he watched his conversation with his wife play out from a different perspective. He was so turned on that he knew he was going to masturbate to this footage for years.
"Actually, he was really good about it. Of course he's still hoping I change my mind," Shannon's breathing grew even more heavy with her last response.
Joel watched Shannon Spread her legs even wider as Brad began a slow steady assault on his wife's pussy.
"I am, I'm walking through the sand to the events on the beach, it's a real workout. Hey I'm almost to my location, can I call you back later?"
Joel watched Shannon's breathing grow heavier and heavier as she fought to keep from crying out.
"No baby, it was perfect, I had an amazing night. It was just what I needed," Shannon grunted out heavily.
"Talk to you in a bit, love you," Shannon replied before hanging up and tossing her phone on the nightstand.
"OMG, that was so fucking hot baby, fuck me hard Brad," Shannon cried out as Brad began pummeling the blonde hotwifes pussy for the camera.
Joel watched mesmerized as Brad filmed closeup shots of his huge cock splitting Shannon's pussy wide open.
Shannon panted heavily as she looked directly into the camera lens. "Baby, look how fucking wide his cock is stretching my pussy! It feels so damned good," Shannon moaned, her eyes rolling back in her head.
Joel watched amazed. Brads cock was at least twice as thick around as his. Shannon's pussy was spread open as wide as the top of a soda can.
"By the way, I'm not at work right now because I called in sick for the next two days. I'm gonna be your little pornstar. I hope you like what your gonna see...I know I am...gawd, I love fucking your cock Brad," Shannon cried out.
Joel fast forwarded through the next hour of footage. Brad and Shannon repeatedly passed the camera back and forth as they fucked. The point of view footage made Joel feel as if he were actually there with them. He once again resumed normal playback speed at the end of the clip, eager to see the cum shot Brad was going to deliver.
Brad held the camera right over his wife body. Shannon was in the missionary position with her legs spread wide and up.
"OMG, that's number four!" Shannon screamed, her hips bucking up and down, an obvious orgasm rumbling through her body.
"Fuck, I'm gonna cum too," Brad groaned.
He pulled his cock from Shannon's snatch leaving her pussy wide and gaping. Brad quickly pulled the used rubber off his cock and began masturbating directly over Shannon pelvic mound. Joel watched exasperated at how close his bare member was to Shannon's open slit. A thick drop of precum tumbled out of Brads slit directly onto the thin line of hair leading down to Shannon's pussy.
"Ahhhhh, here it comes baby," Brad growled.
Brads cock visibly pulsed and shuddered on Joel's computer screen. A thick white string of cum exploded out and splashed between Shannon's tits.
"Cover me Brad, cover me everywhere!" Shannon cried out as the first big pulse of cum splattered onto her chest.
Brad continued stroking madly. Joel watched goggle eyed as Brad lowered his aim and sent three more jets of cum directly onto Shannon's landing strip and pelvic mound. Joel's mouth hung open in amazement. A large, deep, puddle of white creamy liquid cum completely covered Shannon's landing strip and pussy mound. Brad hung the tip of his cock directly over the top of Shannon's slit. He sighed loudly as he let the remaining creamy drops of cum drip down millimeters from Shannon's pussy.
"That's not what I meant when I said all over me," Shannon moaned. "I was thinking more like this," Shannon purred while grabbing Brad cock.
Joel's cock ejaculated once again as he watched his wife use Brad's bulbous cock head to rub cum all over her pussy lips. With every swipe she rubbed more sticky white goo onto her pussy. Joel's mouth hung open as he watched more and more cum cover his wife's clit.
"I think you wanted me to do this, didn't you Joel," Shannon said directly into the camera lens.
Joel wanted to see her put Brads cock in her sloppy pussy but the screen cut to black seconds later.
Joel stripped his clothes off and grabbed a bottle of lube. Within seconds he'd pulled memory card one out and inserted memory card two. He waited impatiently as the computer loaded the files he so desperately wanted to see.
"The first memory card had three clips. I wonder how many are on the second," Joel thought as he impatiently waited.
The file screen opened up and the card read full again. Joel's eyes exploded when he saw this memory card contained six clips. Joel was anxious to see what his wife had been up to. He made a snap decision to quickly see what was in each clip before watching every savory second of them all later. lubing his cock up Joel reclined in his chair before hitting play on the first clip.
The first clip opened up and was a video of Shannon and Brad sunbathing at the pool. His wife was wearing a tiny tiger print micro thong.
"His wife really looked like a pornstar," Joel marveled as he viewed his wife's amazing body in her bikini.
He'd never seen her so tan before! He was pretty sure he was the luckiest man in the world. He'd married a blonde goddess with the personality, kindness, and sexual appetites every man dreams of. He quickly clicked through the video until the two ended up fucking on the condo couch again.
Joel clicked off the clip and hit play on the second. The screen popped on and showed his wife sitting in a bar full of people. She was wearing a tiny black tube dress that clung to every luscious curve of her body. The camera sat on the bar and stayed there for over an hour. Joel stroked his lube covered cock as he quickly clicked through the video. He was rewarded to views of his wife and Brad dancing, doing shots and rubbing each other's bodies.
Clip three was next, he hit play. They were once again back in the condo. Shannon was still in her black tube dress. Joel's mouth fell open when he saw her condo was filled with four drunk college guys. A beer pong table was set up in the family room. Shannon and Brad were on one side of the table with two of the college guys on the other. The remaining two college guys stood to the side watching. Joel scanned quickly through footage of the group drinking and cheering to made pong shots. He paused and rewound when he saw his wife pull the top of her tube dress down and expose her tits. Intrigued, Joel let the video continue in real time.
"Show your tits, show your tits, show your tits," the college guys chanted as Shannon pulled her top down. Her 34DD monsters flopped out, displayed gloriously for the five men in the condo. Joel saw that she was obviously turned on because her nipples were rock hard and protruding visibly from her mini mountains.
"You guys are so naughty, how about double or nothing on the next game," Shannon giggled, obviously tipsy.
Joel clicked forward in the video again. The video continued with all participates ending up in some form of undress. Joel hit play again towards the end of the video when his totally stripped wife moved to the middle of the condo floor and squatted down on her knees.
"OMG, what did she bet," Joel exclaimed out loud.
The camera was picked up by Brad and he walked towards Shannon. His wife was kneeling on the ground looking up at the camera. Her eyes were glazed over with drunkenness.
"A bet's a bet, right Shannon," one of the college guys said off screen.
"Some bets I don't mind paying," Shannon said seductively back at the college guy.
"All of you get over here, let's do this," Shannon said drunkenly as she put Brad's cock into her mouth.
Seconds later Joel watched Shannon's head surrounded by four more hard cocks.
"Holy shit," Joel thought as four men jacked off while watching his wife deep throat Brad's member.
"I'm gonna cum," the first college guy exclaimed. Shannon faced the guy as he spurted two white ropes across her face.
"Mmmm," Shannon purred before resuming sucking Brads cock with cum oozing down her face.
"Oh fuck here it comes," said the next guy.
"I'm gonna cum also," the third guy said.
Brad pulled his cock out of Shannon's mouth as the guys took their place right in front of Shannon.
"Cover me," Shannon breathed as both guys ejaculated white, creamy fluid on her forehead and lips.
"One left," Shannon purred.
Joel watched the last guy angle in front of her and pump his cock furiously.
"Ahhh cumming," the guy groaned as a few dribbles of cum oozed out.
"That's all you got?" Shannon teased the ashamed college guy.
"Look at the camera so I can get a closeup," Brad commanded.
Joel panted heavily as Shannon looked directly in the camera, smiling and licking her lips as the screen went black.
"Three more clips to go, I don't know if she can top that," Joel thought to himself.
He opened up the fourth clip. Shannon and Brad were on the beach. The camera was set up on some kind of picnic table. The camera was quite a distance back so all Joel could see was two bodies fucking in the moonlight. He skipped through the clip watching Brad fuck his wife on the beach and in the surf. It was very hot, he just wished he could see and hear a little better. Joel closed out the clip and loaded number five.
It was daytime once again. The camera looked like it was placed on the couch facing the kitchen. Shannon was in a tiny pink thong standing next to a kitchen bar stool. Her bikini top was pulled to the side exposing her huge tits. Joel watched raptly as she motioned someone over to her from off camera. Brad slowly walked into the shot stroking his big cock.
"The stamina of this guy is amazing," Joel thought as he jacked his cock up and down.
When Brad got close, Shannon squatted down on her knees and inhaled Brad's cock into her mouth.
Joel was about ready to fast forward when then camera started moving closer to the couple.
"Wtf, they must have got one of the college guys to film them," Joel thought.
Joel skipped through the video as his wife was once again impaled by Brad over and over again. This was a much better production thanks to whoever was filming from all the different angles. Eager to see what was on the last clip, Joel clicked off number five and played number six. The clip length on the last video was drastically shorter at only two minutes and six seconds. Intrigued, Joel let the video play in real time. Once again it was nighttime. The bedroom lights were on and Brad hovered over his wife while holding the camera. Shannon's face filled the screen as she moaned in ecstasy.
"Ung, ung, ung, yes Brad, yes, just like that,"
The camera continued its closeup shot of Shannon's face.
"Mmmm, I knew you'd like this," Brad groaned.
"So thick, so deep, fuck it Brad, fuck my pussy," Shannon grunted out.
Joel watched with deep concentration as the camera panned down, exposing Shannon's face and tits. Joel stroked furiously watching Shannon's beautiful tits roll and sway back and forth in communion with Brad's thrusts.
"Ohh gawd, just like that, slow and deep, make me cum," Shannon whispered.
"How do you want me to make you cum," Brad answered deviously.
"You know how, now show Joel how you're gonna make me cum," Shannon breathed heavily.
Joel stroked his cock madly to their passionate exchange. The camera paned down to Brad's cock slowly penetrating in and out of Shannon's pussy. Pussy juice covered Brad's bare cock as it slowly and rhythmically split Shannon open and deeply assaulted her pussy.
"He's barebacking me baby, and it feels so good!" Shannon moaned loudly.
"Ahhhhhh," Joel cried as mountains of jizz exploded out of his cock.
Covered in cum, Joel watched the last seconds of the clip unfold.
"Make me cum Brad, oh gawd, make me fucking cum," Shannon begged.
Joel watched as Brad focused the camera on his thick eight inch cock. It began to pulse and quiver as he cried out.
"Cumming in you!"
"I'm cumming on your dick! OMG! Yes, yes ,yes!" Shannon cried out.
Joel watched Brad's ripped body shudder and quiver ten times. He worked his cock around before slowly pulling back and releasing his manhood from Shannon. His cock plopped free as the camera zoomed in on rivers of cum spilling out of his wife gaping pussy.
"So fucking hot," Brad moaned, taking his cock head and massaging his cum into Shannon's pussy.
"It's fucking perfect Brad, fucking perfect," Shannon purred as the camera cut to black.
Joel collapsed back into his chair, completely mentally and physically drained. He chuckled to himself and smiled.
"My wife is a fucking pornstar slut and I fucking love it! I fucking love it" Joel said out loud.
END.