Willa Pryce sat alone at an outdoor Café table along the beach. Today Nick Benson opted to challenge the nineteen year old bombshell in order to inspire him in writing a future chapter of his next bestseller.
Today Willa wore a baggy button down nearly sheer white blouse that flowed barely over her torso. Worn lower were a pair of yellow shorts that crept high and deep. When standing her ass cheeks were evident and bulging from beneath their constriction. Her tight muscular legs were an attention getter to say the least.
As the bayside breeze gusted her shirt tossed about almost as vividly as her long flowing reddish brown hair. She had no bra on beneath the shirt and her nipples were missiles ready to fire. They were hard to miss if you were looking intently at them. Eyes were trained on her from every angle this day.
Five tables away Nick Benson sat with his laptop in front of him at another café seat facing her. He had hopes to write what occurred while she related to people.
She carried a large purse today so as not to look totally obvious that she was there for teasing. She toyed with her cellphone to dispel any predicted scrutiny.
She knew Nick could hear her with her choker microphone. An adopted toy from Claire's contacts in the NSA. She however could not hear him. Instead he chose to continue utilizing its vibration mode. One buzz for yes. Two for no.
" I wish Nick would have let Eve join me. We could have rocked this day together." She pondered.
While sitting there with her legs crossed at an angle she used her palm to roll back and forth down to her knee. She had noticed at the table next to her a younger man of possibly early thirties in a polo shirt and white shorts eying her. She centered her focus on him, although other candidates were still being considered.
A waiter that was exceptionally cute in her thoughts made his way to her table.
"Good afternoon. Lovely day for a lovely lady. Can I get you a drink? Appetizer?" He loomed over her with a beguiling grin.
She smiled up at him lowering her cell to the table, "I could use a bottled water. I'm beginning to think my date stood me up. I'll wait a bit longer before ordering anything fruity and full of booze to drown my sorrows in." Nick had given her a fake I.D.
"If he doesn't show, that fruity drinks on me." He grins.
Lowering her sunglasses she allows him to see her green eyes, "With an offer that tasty I might have to call him and cancel even if he does show."
The waiter rubs the back of his neck and fidgets, "I'll start peeling the fruit myself. My name's Jake."
She reaches a hand up to shake his, "Hi, Jake. I'm Willa. But you can call me Sara. Don't ask. Just call me Sara."
"Uhh! Okay, Sara. Bottled H2O on the way." He found her sexually strange.
As Jake moved away the man across from her in the polo shirt made his move.
"Who in their right mind would stand you up? You're drop dead gorgeous." He leans on his left elbow, his chin resting on his knuckle.
"Why thank you, Kind Sir. Who knows. Maybe our phone sex was too intense for him. Maybe he got scared."
"Seriously?" He raises an eye brow.
She shrugs with a sly grin, "Only Big Brother knows for sure right? They say they monitor every call."
"Interesting theory. Does he work for Uncle Sam?"
Another shrug, "Y'know, now that you mention it he did sound a lot like Bill Clinton. And, he did say Hillary wore his pants."
"Cute. So, if he doesn't show would you like to join me?"
She bites a nail gazing at him, "Hold that thought. I'll reserve an answer once I'm positive he's not showing. So, stick around."
"I have all day. My name's Michael."
"Sara." She addressed herself.
"Are you sure it's not Willa? Sorry, I overheard you earlier."
"Well, it is Willa but I use Sara to keep the beasts at bay. I don't think you're a beast."
"You barely know me. I might fool you." He chuckles.
"As long as you don't try and club me over the head and take me to your man cave."
"Love your sense of humor, Sara/ Willa. What do you do if I may ask?"
"Everything." She wags her eye brows at him then shifts her legs in front of him offering a temporary vantage point to her crotch. She then fans herself, "Believe it or not I'm a Nanny."
Taken back he smirks, "Never would have guessed that. Fashion model maybe."
"That would be my goddess mother. She's a model in Chicago. Don't get me wrong I love to be compared to a model. I just decided a different path. Although I guess now that I think about it, I never considered a portfolio for any future reference. I might have to consider that. So, what does Michael do for a living?"
He sighs, "Photographer."
Both crack up in laughter as the waiter Jake returns with her water. She immediately turns her attention toward Jake.
"Still not here. Not so much as a text. Michael here has been very supportive."
Jake nods at Michael feeling his chances slip away. Both men were fit and chiseled.
Willa opens her water and takes a healthy drink then feigns spilling water down her cleavage. She puckers and shivers while tugging her shirt out a bit.
"Wow. That water is cold. That woke up the girls."
Jake had the luxury of being next to her and seeing straight down her braless chest. While not capturing a view of her nipples he did spot nearly the rest of her 34D's.
He tried not to show any expression even as Willa looked up at him.
"It's so hot out that actually felt good. I might need another bottle, Jake. I think I'll wear this pint." She then proceeds to trickle the bottles contents all across her chest right in front of them. Both men admired her with awe.
Her white shirt began to moisten and become gently transparent.
Michael had to rub his jaw and try not to appear over attentive.
Jake smirked at her, "I think we have a whole ocean behind us if you want to cool off."
"Sounds refreshing. I didn't bring a bikini though." She frowns.
"They sell them all over the beach side. I might even buy if your date doesn't show." Michael teases.
Willa grins sheepishly, "Should I let him buy me a bikini Jake?"
The waiter feeling like a second fiddle suddenly options, "Who needs a bikini. Skinny dip."
She raises her shades into her hair and bats her eyes at Jake, "Tempting. But, wouldn't I get arrested? Who's bailing me out?"
Jake nods with a frown, "Tip's are shallow today."
Michael chuckles, "The cops around here would probably frisk you for skinny dipping."
Jake looks around him at his other customers, "I have to work. Stop by some time for that fruity drink."
"Nooo! Bring me a Peach Daiquiri." She pleads softly with batting eyelids.
Shaking his head Jake moves around to the other tables first.
Michael settles back in his chair stretching his legs toward her. Clasping his arms in front of him he eyes Willa.
"You like the waiter?"
"He's cute. So are you. I'm just a flirt." She rolls her chilled water bottle on her neckline.
"Nothing wrong with that. There are seven days in a week. If you feel like filling me in on one of those I'd be interested."
She offers him an expression of interest bordering on disbelief, "Possibly. I like to live for the day though. Drink with me?"
He reaches beside him for his own bottle of beer raising it toward her. She lifts her water bottle jokingly.
"Picture perfect, you are. Here's to you." He adds.
"You really are a photographer aren't you?"
"Yeah! Paparazzi. Don't hate me. Camera's in my bag under the table."
She leans forward facing him to look under his table. In the process her blouse fans wide revealing the same amount of cleavage and definition that Jake had witnessed. Michael gets an eye full.
"Hey, quit looking down my shirt." She giggles covering herself with a single hand.
"Hard to miss. You show off well."
"I do. I told you I'm a flirt."
Jake interrupts their banter as he lays a napkin down then her daiquiri on top of it.
"Thank you, Jake. Did you know Michael here is a photographer?"
Jake huffs, "No I didn't."
She points at Jake, "I think you could be a model Jake."
He chuckles, "I dabbled believe it or not. Underwear ad for a catalog. Back when I was 20."
"I bet the girls couldn't keep their Hanes off of you, could they?" She giggles sipping through the straw in her drink.
"Funny chick. Careful, that fruit in your drink came from my looms."
Her jaw drops laughing at Jake who looked smug.
Michael just sat back amused tilting his beer for a swig.
She pouts and looks sad, "Is it horrible of me to be glad I got stood up?"
Michael frowns, "Hey, you have us."
"I like you guys. Thank you for keeping me entertained. I was getting sad awhile ago. I moved here from Chicago to be a Nanny but my social life has really sucked."
"What exactly are you looking for?" Michael questions.
"California dream?" She shrugs, "I just want to feel alive. Meet good people. You two are good I hope."
Jake smirks, "I know I'm good."
Michael merely leans forward, "I'm a Paparazzi. Says it all."
"So you're bad?" She teases her straw with her tongue.
"Our motto is, "Take what we get, get what we take." You decide." He muses.
She looks up at Jake, "Do you have a motto Jake?"
He thinks for a moment, "Wait for it! It's coming."
She snorts and wrinkles her nose, "Oh my Gosh. That's so prophetic. I love it."
Jake groans as a table waves for his attention, "Much as I dig the flirting I need to go before I get stiffed."
"Hey I like getting stiffed." She giggles, "Obviously, my date didn't like to stiff me though." She offers a confused look, "Wait did that come out right?"
Both men laugh as Jake crouches down beside Willa as she faces him. Her shirt fans wide as she lowers her torso toward him.
"I'm off in an hour. Drink a few more and let's hang out."
She fans her shirt so that he spots her nipples first hand this time.
"I love hanging out. Can Michael join us?"
Jake shakes his head and looks up at Michael, "She wants to hang out with both of us. That cool by you? I'm good."
Michael nods with a puckered lower lip, "Why not. No money making pics today anyway."
Willa darts erect in her seat jiggling her tits from the sudden move.
"You can take pics of me."
Michael and Jake both raise a brow as a team.
"As long as it's in public. Until I know you guys better. Is that okay?"
Both men agree with a nodding gesture.
"All yours Mike. I'll be back after I'm off." Jake stands and winks at her before turning away.
Once she becomes Michael's attentively he moves from his own table to hers, along with his camera bag.
They sit almost side to side as Michael gets cozy.
"So what kind of pics did you have in mind?"
She plants an elbow on the table and palms her cheek, "I'm open to suggestions."
"Well, you could always make an underwear ad wearing ole Jake's drawers."
She busts up laughing and pats his arm with her free hand.
"That would be hilarious. I don't know though. As flirty and braless as I can be I've never posed for any nudies. I'd blush all over."
"I never suggested nudies. That would be purely up to you." He offers a stern look.
"I know. I'm not saying no but I'm not saying yes either. Trust might help."
"Trust in society is next to impossible. Do you honestly think I make a living built on trust and honor?"
She ponders his comment, "I suppose not. But, somehow I do trust you Michael."
"Fool!" He chuckles and lifts her chin with a finger, "Drink up. I'm thinking you need five more of those daiquiris."
"You want me drunk don't you?" She pouts.
"Gotta get rid of that shyness right?" He winks.
"I'm not that shy." She opens her shirt and tugs the blouse down to reveal both perfect breasts. Michael had to huff.
"Those are something."
She nods with a sly grin, "Supermodel Pornstar, right?"
"Has it been an hour yet?" He chuckles.
"Your beers empty. Let me buy you a fresh one." She claims his bottle and stands up to turn toward the bar area of the café. In doing so he silently whistled at her ass cheeks puffing out from her tight yellow shorts. She thought to look back and wiggle at him, watching him shake his head.
At the bar she ordered another daiquiri to go along with Michael's beer. She sent the bill to Nick who waved at the bartender from his table. Having observed her every move.
Drinks in hand she twists and comes face to chest with the taller Jake. She shrieks trying not to spill her drinks.
"Thirty five minutes." He glares at her over his brow.
"Can't wait. Hey can I wear your underwear?" She giggles.
"What?" He smirks.
"I want to make an underwear ad. It was Michael's idea." She tries to keep a straight face.
"Sure. As long as I don't have to wear yours." He chuckles.
"Silly Waiter. I never wear any. No worries."
She steps around him blowing a kiss as she passes and returns to the table. Just like Michael had, Jake noted her butt cheeks wiggle. Again, Willa looked over her shoulder and wiggled even harder. Jake too shook his head. A hard on was becoming uncomfortable.
Forty minutes later Jake tabbed out and joined the couple at their table. Sitting down to Willa's opposite side the two men locked eyes and read each others mind.
"I feel like a sandwich. The meat between two buns." She teases snuggling from one of them to the other. Jake looks down her shirt with an obvious determination.
She fidgets and rolls her eyes, "You guys are incorrigible. Here! "
She takes their nearest hands and carefully tucks them into her blouse so that they can squeeze a breast each.
"Damn that's nice." Jake puckers.
"Couldn't agree more." Michael nods.
"Okay, so I'm tipsy. I trust you guys will take advantage of me. I mean...trust you won't take advantage of me." She bulges her eyes grinning from ear to ear.
"I think she needs another drink." Michael prods.
"No. Let's take pictures. I feel adventurous. While there's still lots of daylight."
"Sounds good." Michael reaches for his bag under the table and pulls a strap over his shoulder.
"How about we start on the hood of my car. I drive a Mustang Cobra." Jake opts.
"Hood ornament. Yay!" She shivers with exhilaration.
The three of them get up and leave the café. Once they step away, Nick Benson gathers his things and follows at a distance. He didn't want her out of his sight.
In a parking lot across the street running along the beach the trio discover Jake's navy blue Cobra.
"Oooo! Shiny." Willa drops her purse in front of her and sits back on the hood with her hands behind her for support.
Michael unpacks his smaller 35 mm camera and checks the settings. Then he aims at Willa for a couple innocent shots at various poses.
"How do you guys want me?" She asks without expression.
"NAKED!" Both blurted out at once then laughed at each other.
Willa lowered her jaw and wagged a finger at them.
"Now, now! Oh...you mean NOW?" She banters.
She unbuttons her shirt all the way and fans it wide as she lays back on the hood. She then palms both mountains and juggles them about.
"How's that?" She puckers toward them.
"Hell, I forgot to shoot any pics." Michael chuckles.
She continues posing as she sits up and drapes her shirt down over her back while maintaining her open frontal.
After ten shots Willa reaches out, "Jake, sit with me."
The handsome Waiter of 6'2, brown hair and tanned complexion joins her sitting as close as possible without denting the hood under his weight. He wasn't stressed over Willa's 110 pound frame. Most of her weight was chest.
She cuddles under his arm allowing him to palm her tit. Finally, he got bold and reached behind her to remove her shirt. She sat in shivering awe as cars drive by on the street a mere twenty feet away.
"Hey, you gave me goosebumps." She hugs him tighter.
"That's just fucking beautiful." Michael continues snapping pictures.
Finally, Jake moves away for a few more solo photos of Willa in only her shorts and sandals. Satisfied, Jake moves back in and faces Willa. He leans in and palms her cheek just before lowering in to kiss her on the lips.
Michael panned around at different angles to capture them. He observed as Jake's hands coupled her breasts. As their kiss broke she bit her lower lip.
"Michael? Are you as good a kisser as Jake is?"
He lowers his camera and gently moves into Jake's territory. Leaning down He kisses her. His camera dangles against her breasts. After three minutes he pulls away leaving her trembling.
"That was nice. Both of you kiss sweetly."
Jake nods and cautiously moves in beside Michael. He then drags Willa toward him by her hips and plants his lips on her throat and kisses her entire neckline. Her palms caress his scalp. Eyes closed at the tenderness she whimpers.
Michael captures her emotions on film.
Jake in his tenderness reaches down and grips her upper legs to place one on each side of his hips. He then nudges her to lie back. Although the metallic hood was hot she endured it.
He continued kissing her throat before moving down to her chest. Both nipples were bitten and sucked upon for Michael's photogenic eye. Snap after snap he followed Jake as he kissed her toned belly. Willa giggled.
"Tickles!"
Jake exhaled on her belly button. Then stopped. She pouted as Jake stood away and claimed Michael's camera. Michael reluctantly released his best friend. In turn he moved into Jake's vacancy and followed the same routine. His path eventually conceived the same emotion out of her.
"Oh my God! I love this. Two handsome gentlemen. Thank you for playing nice. It's a trust builder for sure."
Jake returns the camera to Michael and hovers back over Willa planting his hands to each side of her body. He stares into her eyes and winks.
"Who's playing nice?" He then kisses her even harder on the lips. It was a borderline savage but sensual rapture. It took her breath away.
"Holy!" She whispered as he stared down at her forcing her to swallow harshly.
Jake again began kissing her chest and lapped his tongue down her belly until it reached her shorts. His teeth tugged and bit at the clasp.
"Jake..." She whispered looking directly at Michael's photo shoot.
Finally, he stood up and unfastened her button and unzipped her shorts. His face then lowered in to kiss her pubic area which consisted of the softest peach fuzz landing strip Jake had ever nuzzled.
"Jake..." She again whispered, trembling at Michael's constant snapshots.
She felt her shorts carefully being pulled from her body. As her sandals dropped to the lot below of her own eviction. In moments her shorts lay beside her shirt on the hood. She wanted the full effect.
Jake flicked his tongue at her clit as Michael moved from angle to angle to catch everything. Her entire body arched and her eyes closed to enjoy his pleasing her.
His tongue ravaged her inside and out. Digging as deep as humanly possible.
Finally, she opens her eyes to look up at Michael.
"Michael..." she whispers with an expression of yearning.
The photographer stops and moves to her side. He leans over the fender well and kisses her passionately. Both men stayed their course and fulfilled her emotionally. As Michael kissed her she convulsed while exploding over Jakes tongue and chin.
Quivering under him Willa held on to Michael's kisses. She adored a good kisser.
Five more minutes Jake watched and played with her drenched pussy. As Michael broke away she laid there and looked up at them.
Silence allowed her to think.
"Thank God, my date never showed." She giggles panting.
Jake wiped his chin off with his fingers and glared at her.
"Still want to wear my underwear?" He growls.
"I would love to." She sighs.
Jake looks around them at an unconcerned world and kicks off his shoes. He followed them by taking his jeans off then his briefs. He stood in only his t-shirt as a seven inch beast stood ready. The Waiter then leaned over her with the underwear and sneered. She felt his cock slip along her labia and she tensed up. In a snarl he took his briefs and pulled them over her head just before ramming his cock into her pussy.
Caught off guard she bellowed, "JAKE...!" and looked at Michael for reaction. Michael, in shock waited a moment before raising his camera to begin shooting all angle pictures. Penetration shots were stunning. Her eyes filled with a hint of terror and an equal amount of thankfulness.
Her arms raised around Jake's ribcage and held on for the ride. Eager to please she moaned louder and louder to let the beach know she loved his cock.
"FUCK ME HARDER, JAKE!" She cried out as Jake curled his arms under her and literally lifted her off of his car. He stood up holding her against him and maintained his thrusts.
Mesmerized Michael stopped long enough to run his finger along her ass probing at it with each gyration. She loved it.
Roaring Jake came inside her against her better judgment. Still, she allowed it and enjoyed it's river. She convulses and whispers, "Wait for it! It's coming!"
Jake chuckles at his motto. Laying her back on his hood, he pulled out and looked over at Michael.
"Take her for a spin."
Glancing at Willa he fidgets, unsure of himself.
"Take what you give, give what you take." she blows the matted hair from her gaze.
Michael nodded and pulled a condom from his pocket. Tearing it open with his teeth he then dropped his pants and boxers. Donning the latex he guides her off of the hood and stands her up. Turning her he bends her over and penetrates her from behind.
"They never see me coming." He boasts of his occupation.
Michael plants a strong grip on her left shoulder and tangles his other hand in her long mane. He then proceeds to fuck that pussy hard. So hard her voice carried a distance.
Jake admired his stamina and took his camera to capture the photographer's treatment.
Willa began rambling her speech. Begging for deeper, rougher, harder, no mercy. She never felt more alive.
In his final throes Michael noted a pair of surfers entering the lot on foot. Boards in hand. They spotted the three of them and quickly grew interested after seeing Willa. Luckily Jake had reclaimed his underwear leaving her as lovely as ever.
Jake patted Michael on the back, "Looks like you have admirers."
Growling Michael feels his dick ready to detonate. In a snap decision he waves the surfers over. Reluctantly they decide to join them just as Michael snarls and forces her to scream under his explosiveness.
"Dudes, that was rad. She's gorgeous. Loved those titties flapping under her." said a curly haired surfer of medium build.
Jake pulls her up by her hair, "Welcome to Cali."
Her make up was a mess but she manages a fluttered wave toward the surfer's. Even a hot mess she was beautiful.
"That's some bold shit." The other surfer offered.
As Michael dressed he glared at Jake who seemed to become a bit more aggressive. He watched him kiss her hard while pulling her head back. As he did Jake waved the two surfers in with a motion to squeeze her breasts.
At first skeptical they noticed Michael decide to encourage them also. He moves in behind the two now that he had his pants up and nudge them forward. Both men took turns squeezing her tits and pinching her nipples. They found their fortune amazing. As Jake kept her attention the surfers knelt in and sucked on a nipple each. Her hand managed to run through one of their scalps.
Finally, Jake tugs at her lower lip upon release and whispers, "Trust no one in California. Loved that pussy. Drop by the café again. Drinks on me."
Jake pats Michael on the back as he watches the photographer take a surf board and lay it in the parking lot. He then clears his throat at the suckling men to move away from her.
"Surf's up, Fella's." Michael boasts as he guides Willa to lay down on the surf board. Once on her back he pries her legs apart and glares at her, "Stay!"
She trembles as she watches Michael move to the Surfers planting an arm over each of their shoulders.
"Your turn Fella's. Treat her nice. Fuck her hard. Pass her off to the next set of guys that stroll by."
Willa's eyes bulge, "Michael?" She utters.
"Have fun Sara/Willa." He too departs with Jake after Jake lays her clothing at her feet.
The surfers shrug not knowing what to do.
She looks up at them, "This board is comfy. Hanging ten?"
Neither had ten inches but the tide was still high.
One of them fucked her pussy.
The other fucked her throat.
They were her last companions of the day.
Willamina Pryce still felt needy.
With a buzz from her choker she knew it was time to go home.
That night Nick Benson fucked every hole she possessed.
In his son's bed just to torture her after yesterday's revelation of being his son's girlfriend. Even if it was a ploy to help Jesse find his footing back in School.
Downstairs fellow Nanny "Eve Thomas" placed her hands over Baby Grace's ears.
"You don't need to hear that, Sweetie. Daddy's being bad." The blond then huffs at her bangs, "Wish that was me."
Willa Pryce was officially a slut.
Eve Thomas wasn't far behind.
As her screams grew louder Eve frowns, "Might need to get you some earmuffs, huh? Wanna wear my IPod?"
Turning the TV on Eve tried to drown them out.
No such luck.
Four hours later there was silence.
Except for a rerun of SpongeBob.