"Man, it's a hot one today." I commented to Chris as we came into the house. We had just gotten back from the outdoor shooting range and I had asked Chris if he had wanted to stop back at the house for a few beers. Chris was an old friend of ours and he had readily accepted my invitation.
"You're not kidding." Chris said.
"I thought I was going to die of heat stroke. I'm really glad we cut the range short today. Where's Amy by the way?" he asked.
I had to smile at his seemingly innocuous question since I have known for some time how Chris has lusted after wife Amy. I have caught him checking her out on more than one occasion. I'm not surprised by this since Amy is definitely worth checking out. I also don't mind; I get turned on by it and I know Amy would never let anything happen. At least not without my permission.
"She said she was going to be working around the house today." I said as I handed Chris a beer.
"She might be out on the back porch sunning herself topless as she likes to do."
Chris almost chocked on his beer as he looked over at me with saucer size eyes. "What?"
"I'm just kidding." I said laughing. "She only tans completely naked."
Chris continued to stare at me dumbfounded and I could see he was hoping I wasn't kidding.
I laughed some more at his expression. "Sorry to disappoint you man. I'm just kidding. Come on let's go sit out on the deck. It's shaded back there and should be comfortable enough. I'll grab us each another beer."
After grabbing another round, we went out onto the deck and that's where we found Amy tending to her garden.. She looked over at us and smiled when she saw Chris.
"Hey Chris. Great to see you." Amy said as she came over and gave him a hug. "Sorry I'm a little sweaty. I'm just working on my tomato plants."
"Ummm..., nooo, no problem." Chris stuttered as Amy's tits pressed into him. He pulled back and was blatantly looking Amy up and down and I couldn't blame him.
She was definitely a little sweaty but she still looked very hot. Amy is 38 years old and about 5'6" tall with brown shoulder length hair. She's very attractive with a great tight round ass and long lean legs. Her other great "asset" is her chest. She has gorgeous full and firm tits. They're all natural but I describe them as "Playboy tits". Perfectly shaped and perky with upturned long nipples. Amy was wearing an old pair of khaki shorts that were about 2 sizes too small so they were clinging to her hips and ass like a second skin. The shorts also highlighted her long tan legs. For a top she was wearing on an old white V-neck t-shirt. I could see she hadn't bothered to wear a bra so the sweat was making the cotton material cling very enticingly to her tits.
"You boys relax while I just finish up over here." She said as she began walking back over to the small planter box we had on the other side of the deck.
As Chris and I started to sit down, we both stared transfixed watching Amy walk across the deck giving us a great view of her swaying ass and sexy legs.
I smiled broadly when I watched as Amy knelt down and bent over to work in the planter. At this angle her ass was pointing directly at us and let me tell you it was a fabulous view. The shorts were pulling tightly over the cheeks of her ass and I could even see the material had snugged tightly over her pussy giving her a little camel toe. Amy must have decided to work commando today since I couldn't see any panty lines either.
It stayed very quiet as Chris and I were totally distracted by what we were watching. Amy was digging around in the planter and this made her ass sway and bounce invitingly. I could even see a little bit of the bottom of her ass cheeks as she moved.
"You want another beer?" I suddenly spoke up.
"Whhh..what?" Chris responded coming out of his trance and looking my way. "Oh no. I'm good right now."
He then tried to look out on the back lawn but that lasted only a few seconds before his eyes moved back to feast on Amy's ass.
Again, there was no conversation, as both Chris and I watched the show. After another minute or so, Amy suddenly turned and gave us a mischievous smile as she saw us watching her. "You two sure are quiet. You both seem distracted by something. Are you ok?"
"No. We're great." I said with a smile as I caught Amy's eye.
As we locked eyes, I could tell right away that Amy knew exactly what she was doing and was enjoying it immensely. Over the past few weeks Amy and I have participated in some sexual adventures that had only before been fantasy. These new adventures have really awakened Amy's exhibitionist side. It all started with exposing herself to our neighbor and now as I watched her tease our friend Chris, I happily started to realize just how much she liked showing herself off.
"Ok. I'm almost done and then I'm going to clean up. Chris are you staying for dinner?" she asked.
Chris didn't answer right away as his eyes were not on Amy's face but still focused on her ass.
"Chris? Are you alright?" Amy asked again.
Chris came out of his trance and finally spoke. "Umm no. Sorry. I have a date tonight."
Amy sat back on her legs as she turned slightly. "Really? Is this someone new?"
Chris has been divorced for a few years now and Amy was always on the lookout for someone for him.
"Yes. It's a first date. Someone I met online." Chris said.
"That's great." Amy responded as she now stood up and started to mess with the tomato stalks. As she stood messing with the plants, Amy again bent at her waist but deliberately kept her legs straight and slightly parted. This made her ass jut out giving us an obscene view of her barely covered ass as well as her gorgeous legs. "I hope she's nice and cute and you have fun."
Amy again looked back at Chris and gave him a wink. "Maybe you'll even get lucky." She teased keeping her position as she caught his eye.
This was too much for me and I squirmed in my chair as my dick uncomfortably pushed against my shorts. I saw Chris was also shifting around and he used his hand to quickly adjust his own dick in his pants.
Amy continued to tend to her plants pretending to be completely unaware of the effect she was having on us. She even reached behind herself a couple of times to brush some imaginary dirt off her ass. She then slowly turned to face us and stretch, thus arching her back and causing her tits to jut out with her nipples clearly poking through the thin t-shirt fabric.
"Well I'm a mess. She said as she placed her hands on her hips and eyed both of us. "I think I'll go shower off this body of mine and then come back down to join you boys for a drink if you don't mind?"
"Not at all! Please come back down." Chris practically begged.
Amy then did another very daring thing. She just stood there, hands on hips for about twenty seconds, letting us eye her openly. She smiled the whole time we did then she slowly strutted towards us swaying her hips and as she passed by Chris she leaned over to give me a quick kiss and stick her ass right in his face before heading upstairs to shower.
I tried to relax for a minute or so but found that I was too worked up by Amy's slutty little performance and I needed some relief.
"I'll be right back. Grab yourself another beer if you want." I told Chris as I quickly got up and headed inside.
I practically ran upstairs and found Amy in the bathroom standing in front of the sink. I moved directly behind her and grabbing her hips I ground my dick into her ass.
"That was one hell of a performance you just put on." I growled as I leaned down and started to kiss her neck while I pushed her against the sink counter.
"What do you mean?" Amy asked coyly.
"Oh, don't play all innocent." I laughed. "You know exactly what you were doing, and you loved the effect you were having on us, particularly Chris."
"Was Chris watching me?" Amy said mischievously.
I didn't say another word at this point I just reached around Amy, unbuttoned her shorts, and forcibly pulled them off her ass and down her legs seeing that she indeed wasn't wearing any underwear.
"Hell yes he was watching you and that ass of yours." I grunted, as I pulled off my own shorts. I pushed against Amy's upper back thus bending her over the bathroom counter while my other hand took hold of my rock-hard dick and I wasted no time in forcibly pushing it into Amy's pussy.
"Ohhhhhhhh...fuuuuckkk." Amy moaned as I grabbed her hips and started to roughly pound into her very wet pussy with my balls slapping against her thighs.
"Oh yeah you little slut. I loved how you teased us down there. Did you like showing off to Chris knowing his cock was getting hard watching you shake your ass for him?" I growled at her.
Amy responded to my words by letting out another loud long moan and pushing herself back against me. She was now gripping the sides of the counter and holding on as I continued to pound my dick into her.
"Do you think Chris liked watching my ass?" she grunted. "Do you think he got hard looking at me?"
"You better believe he did, and you need to be taught that sluts get fucked hard when they tease." I said as I looked down and watched her ass quiver while I thrust into her.
"Yesssss..." she moaned louder at my words.
"I'll bet you wish it was Chris who had followed you up here and was fucking you right now." I said wickedly. "I was tempted to send him up here. Would you have liked it if I had sent him up here and told him to fuck you?"
"Ohh...Godddd...yesssssss." she panted.
Amy then suddenly started to shudder and I could feel her pussy tighten around my dick as she started to violently cum.
"Oh yes baby. Cum all over my dick. Or is it Chris's dick you want in you right now?" I asked.
Amy continued to shake and shudder as multiple orgasms washed over her.
I now grabbed her hair and pushed my dick into her as deep as possible slamming into her a few more times before I blew my load of cum into her tight pussy.
As my orgasm subsided, I slowly continued to push my cock in and out of Amy while she rested her head on the counter of the sink.
"Oh God. I came so hard." Amy panted as she started to recover.
I pulled my dick out and helped Amy up and turned to give her a kiss.
"You were awesome." I said "both downstairs and up here."
Amy laughed as she kissed me back. "well I better get showered and you should get out of here and back to Chris. He's probably wondering where you are."
"Don't worry." I said. "I'll tell him exactly what I was doing up here."
"Oh no you won't." she responded playfully slapping my arm.
I laughed at her reaction before putting back on my underwear and shorts and heading downstairs.
I found Chris still out on the deck sipping another beer.
"Everything ok?" Chris asked.
"Couldn't be better." I said. "I just needed to fuck Amy."
"I'm sorry...What!?!?" Chris asked dumbfounded.
"After watching her down here in those tight shorts and that little t-shirt I was too turned on and I needed to get some relief." I said looking at Chris.
"You mean upstairs just now you two were...?"
"Fucking? Yes. I just fucked my wife. Amy's such a great fuck and when she shows herself off like that it's just too much for me and I just need to take her." I told him amused at the shocked expression on his face.
"Wow, you lucky SOB. And she's fine with that?" Chris asked.
"Considering she just came all over my dick I think she's pretty happy with what just happened. Now don't tell her I told you this but I think she likes the idea of fucking with you so close by." I said.
"Seriously?" Chris said dumbfounded.
"God yes. Amy is a closet exhibitionist and I know she loved you watching her on the deck right now."
"What do you mean? Chris said in surprise. "I mean I'm sorry if I was staring at her so much."
'Let me ask you something? Did you like what just happened with Amy here on the deck?" I asked.
Chris looked at his beer a little embarrassed.
"Hey, just tell me the truth. Whatever you say no harm no foul."
Chris then looked back at me. "It was one of the hottest things I have ever seen. Amy just drove me crazy and I loved watching her sexy body."
"That's good to know." I said with a meaningful look in my eye.
"What do you mean by that?" Chris said with confusion on his face.
I laughed at this as I sipped my beer. "Let me just tell you, I love when Amy does what she just did. I love for her to dress all slutty and expose herself to other guys. Besides, she never does anything with them. That is unless I tell her to."
Chris looked at me and took a big gulp of his beer. "Are you serious?"
I was just about to tell him how serious I was when the door to the deck opened and Amy walked out with a drink in hand. Her hair was still damp from her shower and lay tangled over her face and neck. She had changed into a pair of very tight black yoga pants along with a clingy low cut V-neck tee. The outfit showed off her sexy body to perfection.
Man, you just have to continue to tease the poor guy I thought to myself when I saw Amy's outfit.
Amy came over and pulled up a chair so she was slightly facing us. She then proceeded to put her bare feet up into my lap. She wriggled her bright pink painted toes and sighed contentedly as I took the hint and started to rub her feet. Chris was watching silently and staring right at Amy's feet. After a few minutes went by I noticed that Chris wasn't saying much as we all continued to talk and he was still clearly concentrating on Amy's feet in my lap. Maybe he's got a foot fetish I thought. This could be good to know and wanting to see if I was right, I decided to get up and test my theory.
"I need to use the rest room." I said as I started to get up.
"Oh, honey just when your hands were starting to make my feet feel so good." Amy protested.
"Sorry. I gotta go. But I got an idea, why don't you have Chris rub your feet?" I said trying to play it off innocently.
Amy didn't respond to my suggestion but she did look over at Chris who quickly spoke up.
"I'dd...be happy to." Chris stammered excitedly, putting his beer down on the deck and looking back over at Amy.
Amy gave him a big smile, "Thanks Chris. You're too sweet." She then slid her chair over to face Chris and proceeded to put her feet into his lap.
Chris picked up her left foot in both hands and started to kneed and massage them.
"Ohhhhh...that feels so good." Amy cooed. "Do this for your date tonight and she'll probably doanythingyou ask." Amy said as she locked eyes with Chris.
I smirked and shook my head as I went in to use the bathroom. Coming out of the bathroom a few minutes later, I peered out of the kitchen window that overlooks our deck and could see that Chris was still massaging Amy only now he had switched to her right foot. Amy had her left leg bent with her left foot planted high up on his thigh so Chris could see her toes quite clearly. He could also see right up to her pussy with just a thin layer of spandex covering it. I was excited to see that she had her eyes closed and was sliding her foot up and down Chris's thigh ever so slightly with the tips of her toes almost touching his crotch.
God, she's going to kill him with all this teasing. I better go stop this or he's going to blow his load right in his own pants. I walked back onto the deck and Chris looked guiltily over at me as he put Amy's foot down in his lap.
"Well, I'm sure you both enjoyed that very much but Chris don't you have a date in about an hour?"
Chris looked at his watch. "Oh crap. You're right. I'd better go and get ready." He said this very reluctantly as Amy pulled her feet off his lap.
"Thanks for the beers. This was great." He said as he shook my hand and gave Amy a hug.
I walked Chris to the door and then came back onto the deck.
"Honey, you were killing that poor man." I chuckled.
"I think he liked massaging my feet and he is quite good at it. I certainly enjoyed it." Amy quipped back.
"Oh, I have no doubt helovedmassaging your feet. I think he has a foot fetish. I'll have to remember that."
"What do you mean?" Amy asked confused by my last statement.
"Never mind." I replied.
I knew exactly what I meant but I wasn't about to give away my plans for Chris and Amy just yet.
"Come on let's go out and get some dinner."