This story is an exaggeration on a real event that happened to me a few years ago. I'm not going to say if I'm the one who watched it or if I'm the one being watched. If you really want to know, you can ask.
*****
I was in the neighborhood so I thought I would stop by. I pulled into my girlfriend's apartment complex and drove around the corner. It was a little after seven o'clock at night, so it was starting to get dark. I wasn't even sure Kristen was home when I pulled in. But I saw the light in her living room was on so I knew she was home.
I should probably explain something at this point. We had been dating for months. We slept together the second date. Sure, we fought a lot. But I thought overall things were really good with us.
I have never been the most conventional guy there is. Sure I could have parked my car, gone up the flight of steps and knocked on her door. But I didn't. No, that just wouldn't be my style. I noticed her downstairs neighbor didn't have any lights on in their apartment. After I parked the car, I ran quickly just in case she was near a window. I didn't want Kristen to see me coming.
I climbed on the neighbor's balcony and reached up for Kristen's balcony. I was always in good shape so I knew this wasn't going to be a problem. I pulled myself up slowly until I could climb over the railing safely on to her balcony. And when I did, I got the shock of my life.
There was Kristen, on her back. More importantly there was a man on top of her. I didn't know who he was. But then again from my vantage point I couldn't really see his face. Her hands were wrapped around the back of his head as they kissed. His hands were on her waist. I couldn't believe what I was watching.
There was a part of me that wanted to walk away. But there I was, standing motionless as I watched the scene playing out in front of my eyes. His mouth had moved from hers to her neck. I know from experience that she has a highly sensitive neck. She arched her back as he kissed and licked her neck.
I don't know what came over me. I felt myself getting hard. It was like watching a live porno, but the woman in was my girlfriend. This man, I don't even know his name, began kissing her again. From my vantage on the balcony, I couldn't even see the man's face. His hands moved from her hips to her breasts, squeezing through her shirt. The glass separating us made it impossible for me to hear anything from inside, but I can imagine she was moaning.
Now would probably be a good time to describe Kristen. She has long black hair, which curls at the end. She was a few pounds overweight, with large breasts. Those breasts were now being groped by another man, and Kristen was loving it. I watched in astonishment as she grabbed at his shirt and raised it above his head. His body separated from hers long enough for the shirt to fall to the floor before pressing his body against hers again. They were kissing again. His hands shot under her shirt and was no doubt grabbing at her breasts again.
I hated myself for watching this. But even worse, I hated myself for getting hard watching this. The man scooted down the couch and pulled Kristen to a seated position. It was his turn to grab for her shirt now. I moved my body against the wall on the porch just in case she saw me. By the time I looked again he was reaching around her to unsnap her bra. Kristen shrugged her shoulders eagerly, allowing the straps to fall from her.
He laid her back down on the couch and wrapped his mouth around her nipples. Kristen arched her back as he sucked on her tits. I'm not sure what came over me but my hand reached between my legs and gently stroked myself. I honestly couldn't remember the last time I was this turned on.
I still hadn't seen the face of the man who was grinding against my half naked girlfriend. But I couldn't help compare him to me. I was in much better shape than he was, that was for sure. He had a bit of a gut on him. I'm not saying I'm a muscle head or anything, but this guy definitely had some extra weight on him. Then again, like I said so does Kristen. He was certainly taking his time with her. If it was me, I'm sure we'd have been naked by now.
I watched as Kristen moved her hand from his back along his hip. She reached between his legs and began stroking his cock. Watching this, I began to increase the force of stroking my own cock. She stopped momentarily to unbuckle his jeans. The man stood up in front of her. Kristen licked her lips as he pushed down his jeans.
Kristen wasted no time pulling down his white boxer briefs. I watched in amazement as my beautiful girlfriend sat up on the couch and took his cock in her mouth. I ducked back around the corner of the balcony again. There was a part of me that wanted to continue to watch, but I had a horrible view of this man's ass as my girlfriend gave him a blowjob.
Still I peeked around the corner occasionally. She definitely looked like she was enjoying what she was doing. He slid his fingers through her hair as she took him as deep into her mouth as she could.
It was at that point that I again thought about leaving again. Images began to play in my head though. Could I actually go through with watching my girlfriend get fucked by another man? It had always been a secret fantasy of mine. But in my fantasy I'm in the room with them, not spying on her.
I decided to stay for a little while longer. I looked again in the living room. She was no longer blowing him. Instead I got another shocking view. This mystery man had removed Kristen's panties and was kneeling between her legs. I watched as he ate her pussy. There was no doubt she was enjoying it. Her fingers wrapped through his dark hair. His face ground against her as his tongue penetrated my girlfriend, no doubt.
I lost it. Instead of just stroking my cock through my jeans, I unzipped them and reached in to stroke myself through my boxers. I must have been quite the sight, jerking my cock off on my girlfriend's patio.
I couldn't help but laugh for a moment. There must be something seriously wrong with me, I thought. There was a part of me that wished I could hear what was going on, not just see it.
Her back was arched as she clawed at his neck. Whoever this guy was, he sure looked like he knew what he was doing. My hand increased the pressure on my hardening cock as the sight got more and more lurid.
He looked up from between her legs. Kristen said something to him. I couldn't make it out through the glass. But judging by his next move, I easily figured it out. He stood up quickly and laid his body down on hers. She eagerly kissed his mouth, no doubt tasting herself on him. Her body grasped his asscheeks as her legs spread wider.
And just like that, another man was inside my girlfriend. I couldn't believe my eyes. She wrapped her legs around him, pulling him deeper inside her. His hands went back to her breasts, pinching her nipples. It wasn't soft, it wasn't gentle. Kristen and this man went at it.
My hand continued to stroke my cock as I watched my girlfriend getting fucked by another man. I felt my body tighten. I tried to slow down, but I was too far gone. I took a step out of sight and came on the wall. I peeked into the window again. The two of them showed no signs of stopping.
I reached down and grabbed my pants and pulled them back up my legs. My cellphone was in my front pocket. By now the excitement of what I had just watched was over and I was feeling hurt. I took my phone out and clicked on Kristen's name.
"I saw what you were," I typed. Before I hit send though, I jumped onto the other side of the balcony and lowered myself to the ground. As soon as I was safely on the ground, I clicked the send button. I ran off to my car. As I got to the car I turned around. I saw Kristen standing in the doorway watching me as I got into my car.