Day 14 -- Saturday
The supermarket delivery driver didn't look that surprised when I opened the front door totally naked. It was a different guy, younger, and I think that word must have got around. Dylan was in the kitchen and he finger tested me each time that I brought a basket of groceries in. Dylan said that I got a little wetter each time.
To Tom and Lucy's party I chose to wear a very short turquoise, tight, lycra tube skirt. When I tried it on in the shop it started riding up just as soon as I moved. With it I wore a matching silky camisole top with spaghetti straps. Dylan told me that my legs looked amazing in that skirt and my highest heels.
My journey to the pub nearest to Tom and Lucy's place was very revealing. As I said, the skirt rides up even when I just move a leg or even bend a little. As we walked to the Underground station I had to tug the hem of the skirt down every time that I saw someone looking at me because it had ridden up exposing my slit and my clit which was rock hard and tingling all the time.
Going down the escalator with Dylan behind me, I ignored the man in front of me who kept turning his head and looking up at me. The train was less revealing because it was quite crowded and we had to stand. The up escalator was just as bad, or good, as the down one although I didn't look back to see who was looking up at my butt.
When we got to the pub there was already a handful of people who we knew were going to the party, most of the either workmates of Dylan and Tom, or team mates from the rugby club. Half a dozen of the girls there had been at Dylan's bosses barbecue so had been totally naked there like I was. We were all stood in a group and I soon forgot about my skirt.
Dylan started talking to his mates and I started talking to the girls that I'd met at the barbecue. Most of them were complaining about having to get naked and saying that they wouldn't have done so if the possibility of a big bonus or pay rise for their men hadn't of been possible. I didn't have the heart to tell them that it was probably all a ruse by Henry just so that he could perv on their naked bodies.
One of the girls was very sympathetic to me about me being spanked, saying that she could never have done what I did, and that Dylan wasn't a very good husband to let it happen.
I just said that I loved Dylan and would do anything for him, which was the truth.
The rest of the conversations weren't very interesting other than most of the girls saying that they liked the outfits of the other girls. Two girls actually said that they liked my outfit. When that was said I discretely checked that my slit and clit weren't on show.
After an hour or so everyone headed off to Lucy and Tom's house. It was dark outside by then so I didn't bother tugging the hem of the skirt down.
Lucy and Tom's house was quite crowded when we got there with people standing around, drinking and talking in most rooms of the house and some were outside as well.
Dylan got me a glass of wine and we got talking to different groups of people. Dylan knew a lot more people than I did so I was forever getting introduced to people and most of the guys looked me up and down then told me that I looked great, or words to that effect. I wondered how much of that was because my nipples were trying to drill through my thin top and my legs were bare right up to, well maybe above my pussy, I didn't bother checking.
I'd given up tugging the hem of my skirt down because I didn't think that people standing close to me could see my slit and clit.
Dylan's beer and my wine were going down well and we retreated to the kitchen to fill up. Whilst I was pouring my wine Dylan put an arm round me and it slid down to my butt as he told me that he loved me. He found my butt cheeks before I thought that he should have and I asked Dylan to tug my hem down.
"Hey Esther, I thought that you liked people seeing your butt?"
"I do, but I'm not sure that this is the right place for it."
"It's the perfect place for it, no one here will complain and now that you know, enjoy your display."
Dylan squeezed my butt then picked up a fresh bottle of beer and we went to the lounge. Before we got talking to someone else I said,
"Dylan, this party isn't like any one that I've ever been to before, there's no jelly or cakes and I've never been to a party where there was alcohol."
"Well Esther, this is a party for normal adults not kids or religious freaks, relax, enjoy meeting people, have some more drinks and enjoy yourself."
"I don't want to get drunk Dylan."
"I saw some soft drinks in the kitchen, you can change to them whenever you want.."
We were soon meeting and talking to other people. I got the impression that Dylan knew most of the guys there, probably through his and Tom's workplace and from the rugby club.
Dylan's beer didn't last long, and this time I went to the kitchen on my own to get a fresh bottle for him. At the same time I finished my wine and got myself a cola. Lucy was in the kitchen and we talked a little. I complimented her on her dress, which I actually liked although if it had been mine I would have had it shortened. Then Lucy said,
"You do know that everyone can see the bottom of your butt cheeks and your slit Esther?"
"I guessed as much but I deliberately didn't check it."
"Naughty girl." Lucy said and we both giggled a little.
Back with Dylan I seemed to be getting more compliments about my outfit and I realised that quite a few of the guys, including Dylan, were getting, shall we say 'happy'. I'd heard about drunk people throwing-up when they drink too much and I hoped that Dylan wasn't going to.
Someone turned the background music up and a few people started dancing. Lucy and I moved to the centre of the room and joined in. After a while Dylan and Tom came and joined us and soon, both pairs of guys hands were around their girl. Dylan's finding my tits and teasing my nipples.
"You do know that your skirt is up and this guys sitting on the floor near our feet can see everything Esther?"
"I didn't, but I don't care." I replied.
Then Dylan walked away from me and seconds later the music died and Dylan loudly said,
"Okay everyone, quite a few of you will have suspected that my wife isn't wearing any underwear, but now I'm going to confirm that for all of you. Esther, come over here please."
It was a very nervous and excited me that slowly walked over to Dylan. My 3 pointy bits were all rock hard and tingling like hell and I was sure that if I spread my legs I would be dripping on the carpet.
"Esther darling," Dylan said, "would you be so kind as to prove to everyone here that you are naked under that skirt and top?"
"Dylan, I'm not doing that." I said as I tugged at the hem of the skirt.
"Don't be a spoilsport Esther, you know that you want to and I'm sure that everyone here wants to see you naked, isn't that right everyone?"
Dylan was right, of course, and at least half of the people there started cheering and shouting things like,
"Take it off, take it off."
I looked at Dylan's face and I could see that look of lust that he gets so I decided to do as he asked.
"You strip me then Dylan, I replied
The cami was a loose fit and Dylan easily raised it up, me raising my arms to help him. The guys cheered louder and Dylan moved his hands to my waist and slid his thumbs under the top of the skirt."
"Shall I?" Dylan asked as he held his thumbs there.
Unsurprisingly, all the guys were shouting at Dylan to tell him to get on with it and after a good few seconds my skirt descended until it got to my knees where Dylan let go of it. It was so tight that I had to shake my legs for it to drop to my ankles.
Dylan came round to my front and then lifted me up, my legs automatically wrapping round his waist.
"Are you going to fuck me Dylan Hargreaves?" I quietly asked.
"Not yet sexy."
Dylan carried me over to the dining table and quite a few people rapidly cleared a space for me. Dylan put me onto the table and told me to lay back. I did, resting on my elbows so that I could see what Dylan was up to. Then Dylan turned and moved to my side, leaving me with my legs spread wide and my wet pussy on display for everyone to see.
"Right everyone," Dylan said, "The other day Esther met a man who must be the world's best at finger fucking. I wasn't there at the time but I've seen the videos and Esther tells me that she was still cumming 5 minutes after he stopped. I've been practising after watching the videos, but the question is, who here is the best at finger fucking?"
I looked at Dylan in amazement and I just knew what was coming next. My jaw dropped, I felt my face and chest warm up, my nipples and clit start to throb and my whole body start tingling.
"You're going to let some of these guys finger fuck me Dylan?" I asked.
"Do you want them to Esther?"
I quietly nodded my head.
"So," Dylan continued, "who would like to try and send my wife into a sexual stupor?"
I don't know if Dylan was expecting every guy there to shout that they wanted to try, but that's what happened.
Dylan put his hand up asking for silence then said,
"Wow guys, I expected 1 or 2 but all 20 or so of you. I'm pretty sure that if you all had a go Esther would end up in hospital, or the morgue. So, which of the young ladies here would like to offer their services to help Esther, and of course themselves. There has got to be guys here that are pretty good at it."
There was deadly silence for a few seconds and I looked out to see all the faces of the girls there. Lucy was smiling at Tom and another girl, Daisy was whispering to the guy next to her. Then both Lucy and Daisy stepped forwards.
I was both happy and unhappy. Happy because I stopped thinking that I might end up in hospital and unhappy because it would have been nice to see if I could have coped with 20 or so guys finger fucking me.
"Thank you ladies." Dylan said to Lucy and Daisy, "I'm sure that Esther appreciated the help. Hey Tom, will this table support 3 naked girls?"
"Sure, we bought a sturdy one so that Lucy and I can fuck on it."
"Tom!" Lucy said, "You don't have to tell everyone our secrets."
"Okay ladies," Dylan said, "get 'em off and get up there. Don't be shy, we all know that it's okay for girls to be naked in front of guys and that most girls like being naked in front of guys."
There was more cheering as Lucy and Daisy did what Dylan had just told them to do. Clothes disappeared under the table and Dylan lifted Lucy and Daisy onto the table, them laying back on their elbows and spreading their legs.
"Guys," Dylan announced, "this isn't going to work like this. We're not going to be able to find the best finger fucker here like this, and I think that we need to add a bit of mystery for our 3 gorgeous volunteers. Tom, would you have 3 clean tea towels?"
Tom dashed off and seconds later he was back with 3 tea towels.
"Girls, please lay back so that Tom can effectively blindfold you with the tea towels."
Tom covered the 3 faces with the tea towels the Dylan continued,
"Thanks Tom. Now you guys who are eager to get your fingers inside one of these gorgeous girls. Please form 3 equal lines, one in front of each girl."
They did.
"Right, each finger fucking session will last for 3 minutes. Tom, can you do the timings please. Girls, can you count the guys and remember the number of the one that you enjoyed the most. When they have all had a go we'll take the 3 guys that have pleasured you the most and they will take it in turns to finger fuck all 3 of you again. Then we will compare each of your favourites of the last 3 and with a bit of luck at least 2 of you will have the same favourite."
"What happens if the girls each have a different favourite?" A guy at the back of one of the 3 queues asked.
"Then I guess that we'll have to start from square one again."
"Err Dylan," Lucy said from under her tea towel, "Do you realise that us girls will have been fingered something like 10 times, and if we have to start from square one that will make 20 times, at 3 minutes a time. Do you really think that we can cope with being finger fucked almost non-stop for a solid hour?"
"Good point Lucy, "Dylan replied, "Let's see how you feel after the first round then we'll take it from there. I'm sure that the guys who usually spend a lot of time inside your pussies wouldn't appreciate having to miss out because you are sore or injured after being finger fucked so many times. Okay, is everyone ready? Tom? Oh, and remember guys, the objective is to give the girls pleasure, not stretch or damage them."
"Ready." Tom replied.
"Go; and girls, don't remove the tea towels, we need a number not a name."
Two seconds later I gasped as 2 fingers invaded my pussy. No foreplay, straight in. It was a good job that I was dripping in anticipation.
In and out went those fingers. Totally ignoring my clit or searching for my G-spot. When Tom shouted 'TIME', and the fingers withdrew I just hoped that the next guy would be better at it.
He was, but not by much. As his fingers fucked me I thought of the last time that Dylan finger fucked me. He was so much more gentle and caring. Dylan wanted to give me pleasure not just take pleasure.
It was the same for the next 2 guys although all that ramming of fingers into me was having the desired effect. It was guy 5 that tipped me over the edge. Not only did he find my G-spot but his thumb rubbed my clit as well. I was cumming when the fingers withdrew and I guessed that Tom had called time.
I was just starting to come down from my high when the next guy's fingers invaded me. They caused me to gasp then moan but the fingers didn't send me back up there. Neither did the last guy. I definitely had my winner and I again wondered if it had been Dylan.
"Okay ladies," Dylan said, "we'll have a short break but before you scuttle off to the bathroom please can you give me the number of the guy that you enjoyed the most."
We did. Then the 3 totally naked girls went upstairs to the bathroom to get cleaned up and discuss the abilities of the guys. Thankfully, both Lucy and Daisy had had an orgasm and we discussed the 3 minute time limit and when we went back downstairs I asked Dylan if we could extent it to 5 minutes for the next round. He agreed and Lucy, Daisy and I got back on the table, spread our legs and put the tea towels back on our faces.
"Okay ladies and gentlemen," Dylan announced. "We have our 3 guys who are going into the next round and each of those 3 will finger fuck each of the girls. At the request of the girls the 3 minute limit will be increased to 5 minutes in the hope that the rest of us will be able to witness more orgasms, and there will be a 2 minute break between each session to allow the girls to compose themselves ready for the next invasion.
Oh ladies, do any of you have any objections to being videoed? If you do, please raise a hand."
There was silence for a few seconds then Dylan continued,
"Good, it's not like we will be able to see your faces on the videos anyway. Tom, are you ready?"
"Yes mate."
For some reason Dylan didn't rush to get started and I remember there being deadly silence, for what seemed like hours whilst my brain was thinking about all those people looking at my bare, spread pussy.
"GO," Dylan finally loudly said, then continued, "and remember guys, the objective is to give pleasure, not to get the girls to have to visit A&E."
My pussy wasn't as wet as it was when the first round started but it was still wet enough for me to have no discomfort when the first finger penetrated me. I did hear Daisy sound as if she wasn't that wet when her pussy was penetrated but that quickly changed to a moan.
In and out went the first guy's finger, then two fingers, then they curled up and I let out a long moan. My G-spot was getting rubbed and I could feel my arousal level going up. Then fingers from the guy's other hand found my clit and within seconds I was giving everyone in the room the sight and sound of my second public orgasm of the night. A split second before it hit me I had a vision of Dylan holding his phone over me and recording my orgasm.
Of course I couldn't see if that was happening, but just the thought made the orgasm a little more intense.
Then it stopped and I guessed that the 5 minutes was up. Unfortunately, Dylan let everyone have enough of a break for my orgasm became history.
The seconds guy wasn't quite as good but he did raise my arousal level quite a bit again.
Then there was the last guy to finger fuck me that night, unless Dylan was going to finger me later, after everyone had either left or gone to bed.
The third guy was good, he too found my G-spot and my clit but it would have taken longer than the 5 minutes to take me over the edge.
All over, Dylan loudly said,
"Okay, firstly girls, are you all okay? Put a hand up if you are."
Apparently all 3 of us put a hand up because Dylan continued,
"Good, now can each of you girls give me the number of the guy that you thought was the best. Daisy, you go first."
Three numbers were called out and then there was a lot of cheering then Dylan loudly said,
"Ladies, we have a winner, please take the tea towels off and see the best finger fucker of the evening."
I pulled the tea towel off my face, got up on my elbows and saw Dylan with his arm around the shoulders of Oscar, the rugby team captain. Like most of he people there, Oscar was still looking down on the 3 bare, wet and well finger fucked pussies, only Oscar had a huge grin on his face and a large bulge in the front of his jeans.
Someone turned on the music again and the boyfriends of the 3 girls on the table went and stood in between the still spread legs of their girl. My pussy was just a little sore but definitely not sore enough to not want Dylan to properly fuck me right there and then, but it wasn't to be as Dylan and Tom helped Lucy and I to our feet and hugged us.
Daisy, however, had other ideas and she had her arms round her boyfriend's neck and they were kissing passionately. As Dylan led me to the dancing area I looked back and saw that Daisy's boyfriends jeans half way down his thighs. I felt some disappointment that Dylan hadn't fucked me before I got off the table.
As Lucy and I were being led to the dance area Lucy said,
"I'm not getting dressed, everyone has seen everything so why bother."
I totally agreed, in fact I was quite enjoying being naked in amongst all those clothed people.
We danced for a while, me still naked and the naked Lucy dancing with Tom. Still feeling aroused from the finger fucking, and with a little less inhibitions than when I arrived at Lucy and Tom's place because of the wine, I turned to face a couple of guys who were sat on the floor, probably looking at Lucy and me. Then I changed my dance style to a sexy one that I'd seen on Youtube and spread my feet and started doing pelvic thrusts at the 2 guys.
Okay, they'd more than likely got a really good look at Lucy's, Daisy's and my pussy when we'd been on the table but I remembered what Dylan had told me about guys never being able to get enough pussy viewing time, I guessed that seeing my pussy being thrust at them would make them horny. It certainly sent my arousal level up high.
After a while people started leaving and it wasn't that long before it was just Dylan and I that weren't permanent residents of the house.
The 4 of us talked and I realised that Lucy was just as comfortable about being naked as I was. Tom had seen me naked before that night and I wondered if Lucy had been naked in front of Dylan before, but I didn't ask. After all, Dylan and I had talked about me being naked in front of other men and I'd agreed with Dylan that it was okay for girls to be naked in front of men, both men that they knew, and men that they didn't know. I guessed that Lucy and Tom had similar feelings.
After getting one last drink, Lucy had sat on Dylan's lap and Tom had pulled me onto his lap. Not thinking anything of it we continued talking and after a while I realised that Tom's hand, that had been resting on my bare hip, was starting to wander and lightly slide over my ribs, slowly moving up. When Tom's hand reached my tit I gasped a little and looked over to Dylan seeing that he was already playing with one of Lucy's tits.
Dylan and I made eye contact and I looked at him questioningly. Dylan smiled and nodded his head before turning is head and kissing Lucy. Without thinking I turned my head to face Tom and started kissing only the second man that I had ever properly kissed.
As we kissed, Tom's hand got more active with my tit, and it felt nice, me moaning into Tom's mouth. Seconds later, with a little help from Tom, we rolled onto the floor, me ending up on my hands and knees with Tom behind me and his cock ramming in and out of me.
As Tom got into a good rhythm, I turned my head and saw that Dylan was now laying along the sofa, on his back and Lucy was riding him.
For some stupid reason I thought back to my sore pussy after all the finger fucking, but it didn't feel sore right then, quite the reverse and I orgasmed just before Tom deposited his load deep inside me.
When Tom had withdrawn and I had recovered, I turned my head and saw Lucy climbing off Dylan.
"Thanks Lucy," Dylan said, "that was amazing."
Dylan didn't move as Lucy asked me if I was okay with what had just happened.
"Yeah," I replied, "Dylan and I have talked about me getting fucked by other men, even the possibility that it might be Tom, and we were both comfortable with it."
"Tom and I have talked about it as well." Lucy replied, "and it looks like everything worked out just great. Dylan, are you happy with it?"
When Dylan didn't reply we all looked at him then Tom said,
"The bastard has gone to sleep. You must have drained him Lucy."
"More like him and Esther have been going at it like rabbits for so long that she's worn him out." Lucy replied.
I giggled a little but said nothing.
"Okay," Tom said, "I'll get him a blanket."
"I'll cuddle up to him." I said.
"Not enough room." Lucy said, "come with me Esther."
I followed Lucy upstairs to the bathroom where we both cleaned up and Lucy gave me a spare toothbrush, then Lucy led me into their bedroom indicating that I should get in the bed.
"That's for you and Tom," I replied, "I can sleep on an armchair downstairs." I said.
"Like hell you will Esther. Get in that bed Esther Hargreaves."
I did and Lucy slid in beside me. Propping herself up on an elbow and looking down at me.
"So how was Tom Esther?"
"Good, he's only the second man to ever fuck me."
"Was he better than Dylan?"
"I don't want to compare Tom to Dylan. I don't think that that would be fair. Let me just say that they both were amazing."
Whilst I was saying that one of Lucy's hands had moved and was caressing my chest below my tits and her other hand was stroking my hair.
"What are you doing Lucy? I thought that we were going to sleep."
"Not yet; do you like that?" Lucy replied as the hand that was on my chest moved up and caressed one of my tits.
"Are you? Are we, going to have sex Lucy? Because I've never had sex with a woman."
"That's okay Esther, just lay there and enjoy what I'm going to do to you."
Lucy's hand got more adventurous, moving down to my pussy, and she started to kiss me on my mouth. Somehow. It all seemed to be more gentle than when Dylan does that to me, but Dylan is a gentle, caring and loving man.
My mouth responded the same way as when Dylan kisses me and our tongues danced around with each other's. Meanwhile Lucy's fingers had found my clit and was slowly running little circles around it and over it. Instinctively, I spread my legs wide to give her total access to my pussy.
Then Lucy broke the kiss and started kissing my neck then down my body. Stopping at my tits she licked, sucked and chewed my nipples whilst still driving me crazy toying with my clit.
After a minute or so, Lucy's mouth moved down my body, kissing me all over my abdomen as she went. Then she got to my bald mound and licked and kissed that. Then it all stopped and I opened my eyes to see that Lucy had slid down the bed and was getting between my legs.
"Enjoy." Lucy said just before her mouth engulfed my pussy.
I moaned as Lucy's tongue played with my clit, with short breaks during which her tongue penetrated my vagina.
Not that Lucy needed to, but her hands were holding my legs wide apart, pushing them until I thought that they were passed the 90 degree angle to my torso.
Then I felt some hands start playing with both my tits and I opened my eyes expecting to see Dylan, but it was Tom who was looking down on me as his wife ate my pussy. What's more, he was naked and his hard cock and balls were hovering over my face.
I lifted my head and licked his balls, wishing that I could have reached his cock.
Lucy's tongue was driving me crazy and I soon forgot about Tom as Lucy took me to the edge, then over it.
"Move over Tom," I heard Lucy say as I started to get my wits about me, "I want Esther on top of me."
I didn't know what Lucy meant but it soon became clear as Lucy lay alongside me but with her head near my hips,
"Straddle me." Lucy said and I remembered the last time that Dylan had got me on top of him like that.
I remembered my head going up and down on Dylan's cock but Lucy doesn't have a cock.
"I've never eaten a girl before." I said.
"Just do what Dylan does to you." Tom replied.
I looked down at Lucy's spread and very wet pussy. Her inner labia are much bigger than mine and her clit isn't as big as mine but it still looked very inviting. I lowered my face and licked her slit from the front to as far back as I could go, my tongue just reaching her entrance.
Lucy tasted nice and I started licking and sucking. I remembered the pleasure that Dylan gives me when he chews my clit so I did the same to Lucy.
Meanwhile, one of Tom's hands was between Lucy and me and was playing with one of my tits, and Lucy was licking and chewing me, getting me closer to cumming again.
Lucy swore then let out a long groan as she pulled my hips down onto her face causing me to cum again. Both our bodies started shaking as we moaned.
Strangely enough, I had the presence mind to worry about suffocating Lucy and I somehow managed to lift my hips and roll off Lucy.
When I became more aware of my surroundings I heard Tom ask me if I was okay. I managed to nod my head but I was shattered. The next thing that I knew was that Tom was lifting me up and turning me so that my head was on a pillow then I was aware of a naked man getting in the bed next to me and a soft tit against my arm on the other side.
Then nothing.
*****
Day 15 - Sunday
I woke up to the usual feeling of a cock slowly sliding in and out of my pussy from behind me.
"That's nice Dylan." I said as I opened my eyes.
After a split second of panic I started to remember everything before I went to sleep and realised that it was Tom who was fucking me.
"How's Dylan?" I asked.
"Still dead to the world," Tom replied, "probably won't wake up until mid morning."
"What time is it?" I asked.
"Early." Lucy replied as her eyes opened and one of her hands went to my pussy and started gently rubbing my clit.
"Oh gawd, you 2 are too much." I managed to say before Lucy's mouth found mine and started kissing me.
No more than 2 minutes later Tom and Lucy made me cum and when I started to recover I heard Dylan say,
"That looked like you enjoyed it Esther."
Again I panicked and replied,
"Dylan, I'm soo sorry, I just got carried away."
But Dylan interrupted me by saying,
"It's okay Esther, everything is good, we're all good aren't we guys?"
I felt Tom's cock go soft and slide out of me as Tom replied,
"Of course we are, Esther needed some affection and you were out of it so we took care of her needs for you mate."
"Thanks guys, I knew that I could rely on both of you. Have you got any aspirin, my head's killing me."
I started to relax a bit, remembering what Dylan and I had talked about in the past. Then I got off the bed and hugged Dylan.
"You 2 go and have a shower," Tom said, "and Esther, I think that Dylan has something that he needs you to take care of. Oh, and don't use all the hot water, Lucy and I need to have a shower as well.
Dylan an I went to the bathroom and I bent over the sink for Dylan to get his release, then we got into the shower.
Fifteen minutes later Dylan was getting dressed then following the naked me to the kitchen where Tom and Lucy were sat drinking coffee, Lucy still as naked as I was.
"I love the way girls like being naked in front of us guys, don't you Dylan?" Tom asked.
"Hell yeah," Dylan replied, "it seems to be part of their DNA."
"I guess that you're right Tom." Lucy said, "It really does make me feel good, all warm, cosy and wet."
"It does wonders for your nipples as well." Dylan added which caused both Lucy and I to giggle a bit,
"Esther," Lucy said, "help me make some toast will you? Then the guys can stare at our butts for a while."
I looked at Dylan and saw that he was smiling.
Later, Lucy and Tom went for a shower whilst Dylan and I cleaned-up in the kitchen and started on the rest of the house. When they came back downstairs they were dressed and Lucy said,
"Leave that you two, Tom and I will clean up later. Esther, time to put some clothes on and you can show me that shop that you like getting naked in."
Not having taken any spare clothes with me to the party, I put on the same skirt and top and as we walked to the Underground station I quickly remembered the problem of the skirt riding up every time that I moved.
Being a Sunday, the Underground wasn't very busy and I felt quite safe having 2 strong guys with us, so I just let the skirt ride up. But I still saw a couple of guys staring at me which made my pussy tingle..
It was the same walking to the shop and when we arrived I was a little surprised to see that there were already 3 other couples in there, two of the girls trying on clothes in the middle of the shop and their male partners staring at each girl as she got naked ready to try on the next item.
Bethany saw us enter and we all went over to her where I introduced everyone.
"So this is your friend who encourages you is it Esther?" Bethany asked.
"Guilty." Lucy replied. "Is Tim in today?"
"So Esther has told you about what she gets up to when she's here has she, sorry Lucy but Tim's not here and I'm not expecting him. I'm assuming that Dylan and Tom know all about your video performance Esther?"
"She has," Dylan replied, "and she's given us the videos and the web address' but I haven't got around to looking at the sites yet. I wasn't in a rush because I've got the real thing next to me."
"I'll give you a user ID and password that will get you in for free, I can't have the friends of my star model paying to see her perform." Bethany replied.
"Have you been walking the streets of London like that Esther?" Bethany continued.
"Yes, why?" I replied.
"With your slit on full display?"
"Oh that," I replied, "that's your fault for selling me this skirt Bethany. Besides, I've got 2 strong guys to look after me."
"So I see, but you be careful girl. I know a guy who runs self defence classes for girls if your interested."
"She is interested," Dylan replied for me. "I want her to be capable of looking after herself. Does this guy do one-on-one home lessons or only class lessons?"
"I don't know, I'll give Esther his number. Oh, those dresses that I was shortening for you are ready, would you like to try them on Esther?"
"Yes please." I replied.
Bethany went off to get them and I started taking off my skirt and top.
"I like this place." Tom said.
"I can see why." Lucy replied. "It's a good job that girls like getting naked in front of men, that's 4 naked girls in here."
"Hey Lucy, Tom replied. "you'd like it if this were a men's shop and guys were getting naked in front of girls."
"Yes we would wouldn't we Esther?"
Before I could agree with Lucy Tom continued,
"So are you going to strip off and try on a few things Lucy?"
"Of course I am, I'm not going to miss an opportunity to get naked in front of some unknown guys."
With that, Lucy started stripping, and seconds later the naked Lucy was browsing through the racks and taking sneaky looks over to the unknown guys who in turn were taking sneaky looks at Lucy and I, and the other naked girls in the shop.
Just as I saw Bethany come out from the back Tom said to Dylan,
"This place is a real exhibitionist girls paradise isn't it?"
"Yeah, we should tell all the team to bring their girls here." Dylan replied.
"That Daisy girl would love it here for one."
"Hell yeah, she surprised me last night, TC is a lucky guy."
"Right Esther," Bethany said as she approached us, "try these on and let me know, I've just got to attend to that girl who has just walked in."
I looked around and saw that another young couple had just entered the shop, the guy just standing there with his mouth wide open and his head turning to look at all the girls either naked or just in their thongs or G-string.
Dylan helped me into the first dress and it looked just as good as it did the first time that I had tried it on.
"Looks good lover." Dylan said.
"I can see your nipples and slit through the material." Tom said.
"That's why Esther chose it." Dylan said.
"Should have known." Tom replied.
As I tried on the dresses Bethany kept coming over to check on me. One time Dylan said,
"This is a thriving little business that you've got here Bethany."
"It is now, but it was slow getting started."
"I guess that word is getting around the girls that they can come her and show-off their cute bodies." Dylan said.
"And the guys bring their girls to show-off and enjoy the other eye candy whilst they're here." Bethany added.
Then Bethany was off to to serve another customer at the till. When she cane back again Dylan said,
"You need someone to work for you Bethany."
"I've thought about that but I couldn't offer a full time job, just part time on a couple of days a week."
"Maybe Esther could help out Bethany?" Dylan said.
Bethany thought for a couple of seconds then replied.
"I'll phone her and we'll talk."
Meanwhile, I'd tried on all the dresses that Bethany had shortened, given them to Dylan to hold, and had joined Lucy trying on other clothes.
"This is fun." Lucy said, "All those male eyes on my naked body."
"Yes," I replied, "I could do this all day, providing that there's a constant supply of guys to look at me."
"You're a naughty little girl Esther Hargreaves, teasing the guys like that."
"Yes, but it is fun. Have you found anything that you want?"
"Look at Tom Esther."
I did and saw 3 or 4 items in his arms.
"Maybe we should leave before I bankrupt him." Lucy added.
Lucy and I found our clothes and put them on whilst Dylan and Tom paid for what we wanted. Whilst the guys paid, Bethany told Lucy and I that she'd phone us when Tim was coming in.
Walking back to the Underground I had the same 'problem' with my skirt but most of the time I ignored it and left my slit and butt exposed. I wasn't worried about any trouble because Dylan and Tom were with me.
The Underground was the same, that is until we got on the train. As it came to a stop we saw that there were lots of young men on it. Most wearing scarfs and hats of the same football team, so I told Dylan not to get too close to Lucy and me. They didn't and when we stepped onto the train we were met with,
"Hey guys, look what just got on."
Quickly followed by a few comments about Lucy's and my bodies and skimpy clothes. I was, and I think that Lucy was as well, chuffed that the young men liked what they saw. With Dylan and Tom standing back the young men must have thought that they weren't with us and they started asking Lucy and I to flash our tits and pussies so we did, pulling our skirts and tops up and leaving our pussies and tits exposed.
This got more comments, some of them not so nice because our tits are not very big but that didn't bother me because I love my little tits and I know that Lucy loves hers.
Unfortunately, the attention didn't last long because all the young men got off the train at the next station leaving Lucy and I to make ourselves 'decent', and for Dylan and Tom to take us to the seats along the sides of the carriage.
We sat in a row opposite a couple of middle-aged men and I noted that Lucy sat the same way as I did, knees not crossed and slightly apart. I kept glancing over to those guys and saw that their eyes were staring up our skirts.
Of course Dylan and Tom knew what was on show and neither of them did anything or said anything to stop us.
Lucy and Tom got off first leaving the 2 guys to just stare at one pussy and Dylan made it easier for them by putting a hand on my knee and slowly moving it further from my other knee. By the time that we got off the train my knees were a goot 20 centimetres apart and when I stood up I didn't pull my skirt down until I was on the platform.
As we walked along the street back to our house I was feeling very randy, but at the same time I was reflecting on how I had changed since I got married.
"Dylan," I said, "before we got married I was a totally different girl, under the control of my nineteenth century mother, would you really have been happy if I was still like that?"
"Esther, when I first met you I could just tell that under those horrible clothes was a gorgeous young woman. Just listening to you talk I could tell that you weren't happy, that you wanted to escape. I could tell by the way that you looked at me that you were a sex siren just waiting to escape."
"Well I guess that I've escaped now and I now know that a girl can wear nothing but a flimsy, miniscule dress, feel very naked yet look smart and attractive anywhere."
"Well you certainly do that Esther, just like I knew that you would."
"I love you Dylan Hargreaves."
"And I love you too Esther Hargreaves."
We didn't make it beyond closing the front door before Dylan was lifting me up and lowering me onto his cock.
*****