Nigkala Tales 28: How to stop an itch
I played a cat-girl. Then I became one. Oops.
Thanks to my editor kenjisato. Also, to LanguageTool. Combined, they put me right. Any problems left all belong to me.
= = = = = = = = = =
I had an itch I didn't want to scratch. A magical itch. My brief encounter with Isis left me with a lesser talisman, but of a goddess. I wanted to understand what I had been given, but I was wary of its power, as she had dominated me when we met. I spoke with my husband about it.
"Filipe, I am undecided what I should do about the Isis tattoo. It represents a lot of power, but I am concerned about what it might do to me."
"Becky Sue, when she left, she could have taken your body with her. Instead, she left you a gift. With her power, she didn't need to be subtle. Nor do I think she was worried what others would do to her, since she was theoretically going away forever. That talisman may be dangerous, but I don't think it is trapped."
"How can I be sure?"
"Why not ask some experts?"
"Who?"
"John comes to mind. He was there, so he would understand. He is also an archaeologist, so likely knows a lot about history. He also likely knows a lot of people who are very educated about such things."
"Sounds like a good idea. I'll send him an email."
"Not call?"
"No. He's a newlywed, and I'd rather be discreet at first."
I heard from him a few days later. He apologized for not replying immediately. Apparently, he is a new father. He would have loved to talk with me, but he never knew when little Jack would need attention. When I told Filipe, he suggested I visit and be grandmotherly and give them some relief. When I offered, he said hurry on over. Filipe set up the travel arrangements, and I was there two days later, at The Tap Room.
In the morning, I got a cab to their place. After knocking several times, the door opened. "Sorry, we were busy with the kid. You are... Oh! Becky Sue! Come on in."
"Sally, I've raised eight. No need to explain. In fact, I brought some stuff I thought you might use. Why not show me the little tyke."
"Sure, follow me."
I followed her to the baby's room, and saw John struggling to change a diaper. As it was a style I knew, I said, "John, let me do that. Then I can show you both some mommy techniques."
He looked at me, then moved aside. "It looks so easy in the book." I moved in, and made some adjustments, then finished putting it on quickly. "How the... teach us that."
"I learned by experience. Eight kids gave me lots of practice. Why not put your kid to bed, as he's sleepy, and when he is down, I can show you."
They took some time to get him settled, then finally, gave sighs and relaxed as he fell asleep. They were about to show me to another room, when I told them to bring two diapers. I brought my duffel bag, and when they sat down, I dug in my bag and pulled out a life sized doll. I then took one diaper and quickly put it on the doll.
"Okay, pay attention here. How many times have you gone to change little Jack, and wound up wet as he squirted before you could cover him?"
John said, "Too often." Sally nodded.
"The secret is you cover him with the second one before you open the first. Watch." I had them sit on either side of me as I showed them. I took it slow, and showed them how covering with the second avoided getting wet. I then had each of them give it a try as I guided them. Then I had them do it on their own.
Sally said, "I can hardly wait to try it out."
John quipped, "Give it two hours. I'm sure he'll need one by then."
"What else did you bring?"
"Lots of stuff. Check it out." I started to pull all sorts of stuff out of the bag. Some clothes, blankets, toys, and other things. I also had several educational toys, and some baby monitors. "I got the baby monitors locally, after the flight, so you don't have to worry about power settings. I also got some universal power adapters, in case you want to travel somewhere." I also started pulling out some other things that weren't for little Jack. "You saw the practice doll. Here are some other things." I pulled out some books, a pair of eye blockers, and a noise-canceling headset. "The books are some instruction books I found useful for the many questions I had. The blinders will help you sleep even in the day. And the headset is so you don't wake up from noise while you sleep."
"Wow. That's a lot of stuff."
"Sally, until you get the hang of a kid, you are going to feel stressed and very busy. I'm here to teach you both, and to give you some relief from parenting duties so you can chill out."
"How long will it take?"
"Part of it depends on the kid. Some settle into a rhythm quickly, others take longer. And there is little you can do about it. So, who is most rested?"
John said, "I am."
"Then you are on watch. Sally, take a pair of blinders, and the headset, and take a nap. I'll pick up the slack for you."
Sally looked at John, who just said, "Take it while you can. We'll wake you soon enough." She nodded, and went to their room. "I'm just glad I don't have to be in at work until noon."
"I'm staying at The Tap Room, as before. Call me anytime, day or night. I expect to be here for a month."
"You don't have to..."
"I know. But you two need a lot of help, and I have some other things to discuss with you."
"You do? What kind of things."
"Questions about Isis. And the legacy that I have been given."
"She gave you something?"
"Oh yeah. But before I say more, I want your input on who she was, and what she believed. I want to understand the goddess. I think Sally will also have something to add, given her different perspective. You should have more access to what her people left behind."
"You sound a little spooked."
"Perhaps I am. She did push me aside and took my body without any difficulty."
"Yeah, there is that."
"I found out later that she left me with something some days later. Inanna told me it was quite powerful, and linked to me."
"Oh dear. I can see why you would be spooked."
"That's why I sent my email in the first place. That you two need parenting help just provided me a way to repay you for your help."
He gave a half smile. "Who's helping whom?"
"Exactly. But I don't mind helping out with your kid. I've helped out my own kids with my grandkids, so I have a bit of experience teaching others how to parent. What say we set up the baby monitor?"
"Okay."
"Let's read the instructions, so you know how they work, and how to use them." We spent a while reading, and playing with them, before setting up the first set. This one was a short range household set with three receivers. The next one was a remote viewing one that could link to their phones. That took longer to set up, but let him see his kids room from anywhere on the internet, and with strong security so others couldn't access it. It also would go on Sally's phone as well.
"Okay. We have the transmitters in his room. One receiver will be in our room. Where will the others be?"
"One here in the living room, as this is where you will be relaxing. But the other one will be in the kitchen. With the schedule disruptions, you'll both be spending a lot of time there."
"You are so right."
"Let's find a place, then make lunch. I'm sure Sally will be up by then."
We spent a while there. After setting up the monitor, I asked him to show me everything in the kitchen, so I could make some additions. After seeing their food supplies, I could tell they had not thought about their menu given their schedules.
"So, that's the lot. Nothing like the setup I hear you have."
"True, we have a pro cook for us. But only most of the time. Filipe and I make our own meals often enough. But we have come to an understanding of our needs, and how they change with very young kids. The first addition I will give you is a pair of crock pots. Good for keeping food ready for hours with minimal preparation. The second one is to prepare one meal while enjoying the first. With a good-sized one, you can get four or five plates of food, so you might be able to have a day's worth of food for you two with only a single preparation."
"That does sound like a good use of time. But neither of us have used one."
"No problem. I know a few simple recipes, and you can get a cookbook for more, easily. Next, snack food. No, not junk food, but grab and go healthy food. Fruits, smoothies, jello and pudding cups, energy bars. After that, comes the heat-and-serve meals. Plenty of microwave options; however, the crock pot is good here also. You can cook up a week's worth of food and freeze it, allowing you to heat and serve it later. Next, you need a larger fridge, and another microwave."
"Where would we put a bigger one?"
"I see what you mean. Let me think... I know, replace the combo one you have with a dedicated one, and get a separate freezer to replace the oven. You won't be using a big oven for a few years, and getting a microwave that can double as an oven should handle your needs fine."
"That sounds like a lot of money."
"It is a sound investment. If you paid for it. Let me, I can afford it."
"I don't know. We want to make it on our own."
"You will be quite on your own, raising your kid. I'll be here only a few days. In the grand scheme of things, the money is inconsequential. The time you spend with your kids will be precious beyond compare. Trust me, I speak from experience."
"Well, I suppose so."
"Now sit down, and enjoy the show. I'm going to make lunch, and a few other things." While he was thinking that over, I started going through the cupboards and pulling out food and utensils. I soon had several things going at once, and was preparing quite a feast.
"We won't need all this for lunch."
"It's not all for lunch. I'm also making extra, to stuff in the freezer so you can reheat it later when you have need."
"Oh."
"So sit already, and let me finish."
"Okay, okay, I'll sit."
In time, I set out three places, and also several containers. I filled the containers first, then sealed them with lids. Then I set out some serving dishes for the food. As I brought them to the table, Sally walked in.
"Something smells good. What's for lunch?"
"I'm not sure. She cooked, and I couldn't follow it all."
"I made a nice stew, along with some bread, and also a fruit cup of fresh-cut fruit. Please sit down, while I finish shutting down the stove."
Throughout the meal, we filled her in on the baby monitors, and the plans for updating the kitchen to their new needs. She, too, initially objected, but came to see the sense of what I was suggesting. When I told her of the frozen extras, she thanked me, saying they've been having difficulty with meals recently.
When lunch was over, I said, "I need to leave to set up some things. I'll be back in the morning."
"Thanks, Becky Sue. That nap sure helped, as did that wonderful meal."
"I'll tell her about the other things."
"Other things?"
"We set up some baby monitors, and she told me about her current research project."
"Oh."
"We both look forward to seeing you tomorrow."
"Goodbye for now."
My first stop was back at The Tap Room. I asked to speak with the maintenance man for some advice. They were reluctant, but some coin of the realm convinced them it was a reasonable request. We spoke for about fifteen minutes, and I got the names of a few local places that did housing construction. I called them, and selected the second one to handle the kitchen remodel to increase the food storage by some replacement or additional appliances. I gave them the requirements, and said I was paying, but the homeowner had final say. We decided to have someone meet us two days from now, in the middle of the day.
Next, I went shopping. I picked up a pair of crock pots, numerous containers, and labeling material. Then I went elsewhere and got some baby gates, towels, washcloths, and throw rugs. Returning to the hotel, I had dinner there, and wrote a long email to Filipe to tell him everything.
In the morning, when I arrived, I brought the stuff I bought, and helped them with their first crock-pot meal. I told them of the minor kitchen remodel I was giving them, to help with the food situation. They initially objected, but I insisted. John had to go into work, but Sally and I spoke of my time in the dreamworld, and of my meeting Scheherazade. She told me of themselves, and how becoming a family had really changed things. After a light lunch, I suggested she take a nap, while I watched little Jack.
When John came home, he brought some books. They were about Isis and the Egyptian pantheon. But his greatest enjoyment was when he ate the dinner that had been cooking all day. When we dug in, he saw they had enough for another meal, and this meal was quite enjoyable. After dinner, I suggested they go for a walk, while I watch the kid. They came back after an hour, well refreshed. I said I would be back on the morrow to assist with the kitchen remodel design, and left with the books.
I chose to read the one on the pantheon to get a feel for the nature of their divine reality. What was important to the gods of Egypt, and the people as well. It had so much, that I was only able to get about a third of the way through. While I could read faster, I didn't want to miss anything, and went back to check and re-check everything to be sure I understood it.
I arrived a little later, as the contractor was meeting us an hour before lunch. I played with Jack for a while, and he tired out shortly before the man was due. Sally changed him and put him down to sleep a while, and just finished when the contractor came. It turned out the man was actually a woman. We welcomed her in, and described the situation.
I began, "Ms. Barstow, I am providing a gift to my friends here. They have a newborn, and as their first, they need help. I'm showing them how to prepare food far more efficiently. But to do it well, they need more storage. As you can see, they have an average kitchen. My thought is to get half as much to perhaps double their current storage for cold or frozen food. I am also thinking they don't need such a large oven, and that it could be replaced with something like a toaster oven or a microwave. The plan is to spend time making large quantities at once, and storing a lot of it for later, with a net reduction in the total time. What I don't know, is what they like to eat, and what is common here. No doubt you noticed my accent. I am not as familiar with the food here. I want this kitchen to serve their needs when I am not here to help."
"I see. Well, that oven is more useful than you would think. I think a small, combined unit added to what they already have would be better. That unit could also have a door system for dispensing water and ice. If we replace the table in the center of the room with something smaller on the side, that will free up a lot of room. We can also add some high cabinets to store more supplies."
I asked, "Speaking of high, do you have any suggestions to kid-proof the place? We have some baby gates, but something for the doors would help."
"I have three kids myself. I can fix you up."
I left them to decide what to get, and instead began reading in the baby's room while I waited. When the baby woke, I played with him some more. It took almost two hours for Sally to come to an agreement. I spoke with the lady, and got her to do an expedited job. I later told Sally and John not to worry about the cost.
The next day, I met John at his college, and made contact with some people steeped in mythology. I had finished the first book, and was a ways into the one on Isis. I hung out at the cafeteria, and bought food for those who taught me about Isis. I used my ability to sense thoughts to get more than what they said. They were surprised at my insights, and generally went away happy that I was learning what they knew. Something all teachers treasure. I did this a second day, asking a lot about Isis since I finished the Isis book. While two days might not seem a lot, with my added mental reading of their thoughts, I learned nearly a semester's worth in that short time.
With the weekend arriving, the work began on the kitchen. With the good weather I ensured, they played outside with their son while I helped out with the remodel. I had dinner sent in so they wouldn't have to worry about dealing with a kitchen in flux. The remodel was done late in the evening, and all that was left was the arrival of the appliances. They would come in a few more days. I told them I would stay at the inn tomorrow, but if they wanted to visit, or drop off Jack for me to watch, I would be happy for the opportunity.
Over the next week, I often visited, showing them some more recipes, and taught them more on how to handle a kid. By the end of the second week, they had picked up enough that they were feeling less stressed. That's when I told them of how I got to the dreamworld.
Sally said, "So if I can get someone to do this ceremony over me, I can go anytime?"
"I expect so. But I think it also needs her talisman as well."
"So you could do it?"
"I think so. However, I was hoping John could."
"Me? I'm not one of her followers."
"Yes, you. Here, hold this, and focus your mind on it."
"This looks like amber. Is it...?"
"Yes, it belonged to one of her priests. I realize you may not be her follower, but you accept she exists, and that the supernatural is real. So focus on it, and picture that tree out the window. Tell me what you see within it."
"Okay... Huh? I didn't know it was a field maple."
"What else do you now know?"
"Uh... it is good for maple, and it supports aphids, caterpillars, and those that feast on such. They also help freshen the air. How do I know that?"
"Aja is a goddess of the forest and the animals within. This talisman is about her knowledge. I was not sure you could access it. That you can, means you can likely do the ritual for your wife."
"What? John can send me there?"
"If he can learn the ritual. When I went, it was the shaman's son and heir that sent us there. Neither was her follower, although they both were religious leaders in their community. You are not such, but rather, you are an academic leader. I don't think Aja is as concerned with your religion as she is concerned with spreading knowledge."
"I'll certainly try and learn it. Where is it?"
"You can find it within the talisman. However, since that is difficult to access for now, I also have made a video showing it. I'll send you a link. When you think you have practiced enough, I would like you to send Sally and I to the dreamworld."
Sally asked, "Why do you want to come?"
"It is a place of dreams. Some dreams are nightmares. The dreamworld can be dangerous. If you die there, you usually get ejected, but waking, you still feel a bit of that death. The shaman woke screaming, because of how he died in the dream. I, however, completed my quest, and was allowed to exit when I wanted, and woke peacefully. My reason involves Scheherazade, but as a historian rather than a storyteller. If we both go, I think I can ensure you get to see her as well. I spent about a month there yet woke minutes later, so you don't have to worry about your baby while you are there."
"That's very good to know."
"I waited to tell you this, until after you started getting a handle on being parents. Before then, you two would be too stressed."
They looked at each other, and John said, "We were. But thanks to you, things are starting to come together. I still think your gift was a bit much, but it does help a lot."
"Yeah, it does. I only have two more weeks of pregnancy leave before I have to return to work, myself. Now, I can at least think and plan about daycare."
"Yeah, I know the fun of that. With our schedules, regular daycare was interesting. But our maid had a cousin who needed a job, and it worked out well. She lasted three years, then graduated college. That gave us enough time to get a handle on life with kids. Your schedules should be far simpler, unless someone goes on location to a dig, or something."
"Don't think that will be a problem for us. At least for a while."
"Yeah, John is right. Phone and computer interviews are the most I can handle now. But a kid can open things up, so little Jack will help a bit for me."
The next weekend, John felt he was ready, and both he and Sally had studied the ritual, just in case John wanted to go. I recommended we proceed near bedtime, so she could use her bed. I said I would lie on the floor beside her, and hold her hand. John performed the ceremony, and we went under.
We woke up on a beach. "Where are we? Why do you have cat ears?"
"I don't recognize this place. But I brought tools. As to the ears, I am here as Captain Kitty Galore, space cat. Check out my tail." I turned sideways, and she saw it moving playfully.
"Huh?"
"It is a dream, and we can shape our presence here. Last time, I arrived as Obsidian, the Shokan half-breed spell blade. This time I am Kitty, explorer of space. As you can see, I am dressed for sexual fun, as the character was invented to demonstrate zero-gravity sex. Being a cat person was just the simplest concept for handling limited access to makeup and such in space. Unlike the character, these ears and tail really work. I wanted to learn how they feel and act while here and get two things done here rather than one. Now, on to my tools..." I then got out the predator talisman I had brought, and summoned a flying scout to give me vision.
"What? You're hurt!"
"It is minor, and the price for the vision I will be given for a time. Let us wait and see what it is about." A few moments later, I learned that this was a coast, and not some small island, my original fear. A few minutes later, the predator saw a town past the dunes, and over some grasslands. It did warn of predators in the grass. After a short discussion, it returned and went into me to assist me in my ability to handle combat.
Sally saw my attention return. "What did you see?"
"Over that way, lies a town past the dunes and grasslands. However, there are predators in the grass."
"Are we in danger?"
"Yes. The dreamworld is dangerous. But it is also capable of teaching a lot." I reached into my backpack and pulled out a belt and holder with a dagger in it. "Here, I brought a spare, in case it gets a bit much. Mostly, I expect you to hide behind me if trouble comes out here. Shall we go?"
"Why do you have a gun and a dagger?"
"This is a dream, and the rules of this reality are not the ones we know. I don't yet know if the gun will work as expected or not. The dagger, being an ancient weapon, has a surety that the gun does not."
"Oh."
I led the way, with the predator helping me be aware of my surroundings. When I noticed one of the animals in the grass seemed to approach, I focused on Aja's talisman to learn of it, and how it would attack, and its weak points. I told Sally to stop, crouch down and be quiet while I handled things. Staying between the hyenas and Sally, I got out both dagger and gun. Walking back a forth a bit, I shouted to get its attention, so it would go for me and not Sally. As soon as the first showed, I fired the gun. It apparently worked, and the hyena was stunned. I hit three more before they were upon me. Not wanting to kill them, I hit them with my gun hand, and saved the dagger for any that bit me.
Two minutes later, they were either down or fleeing. "You can get up now."
"Wow. I've never been in this much danger before."
"As I said, the place is dangerous."
Ten minutes later, I noted that they followed us, but at a distance. I chose not to say anything, so Sally wouldn't worry. When we approached the town, they finally left. Entering the town, I expected we would be greeted, but no one paid us any attention. I also noticed the town did not have a wall. Quietly, I said, "Sally, for now, refer to me as Kitty Galore. If the time comes for me to break character, I will do so."
"I will. So what do we do now?"
"I don't know. I am watching to learn if they use money or do some barter. I brought some items that might be traded, but I want to see how things are here for now. You, however, can study them. Just try not to stare, as that might mean something."
"You're right. I can study them."
We wandered about for twenty minutes, when I finally spotted someone who I thought might help us. I approached the beggar. "Hello sir. I seek information, and I think you might be able to supply some. Will you speak with us?"
"You are a cat! You have any coin?"
"No, but I do have some things I might trade for such. You see, we are not from this place, and don't know how things run here. I do have some good food, and would enjoy it if you could tell us about this place."
"You aren't worried about being seen talking with a beggar?"
"I am not. How about you?" I looked at Sally, and she shook her head. "What we seek, could be found anywhere, and those like you might see more clearly. So will you speak with us?"
"On your heads be it. It's like this..." As he spoke, I pulled out some food from my pack, as well as a bottle of water. He was clearly interested, so as he spoke, I gave him a small piece of food at a time, and when it was gone, I opened the bottle and gave it to him. I also opened my mind to all he said to pick up other things. When he finished, I thanked him.
After leaving, I led us to a money changer. On the way, I stopped in a corner to get some small gems from a hidden compartment of my backpack. Finally, I went into a shop that sold weapons. When the woman welcomed me, I said, "Hello. I have a need to acquire currency in trade. Might we speak in private?"
"Who are you? And what?"
"I am a traveler from a far place. This is my companion. We arrived here unexpectedly, and so have a need to change our plans a bit. That needs local cash. Might we speak in private."
She gave us a look, then said, "Okay. Follow me." She walked in back, past a curtain. We followed. She walked behind a high table, and said, "What do you have?" I got out the small bag I retrieved from my backpack, and pulled out two small gems and laid them on the table. She picked them up, and looked them over. Reaching under the table, she pulled out a magnifying glass and some other things. After a while, she said, "Good quality gems. What do you seek?"
"We plan to be here a while, so we need currency. Some large amounts, but a lot of the smaller stuff."
"I can handle that. How about..." We didn't understand the names she said, but I could read her thoughts a bit.
"That sounds kind of low. These are worth much more. I realize you need to make a profit, but that offer is too small."
"Strange. For someone not from here, you know the value of our currency. I'll give you half again that amount."
This felt much closer to fair. "You are still getting the better of the deal, but we accept." She then reached under the desk and started counting out the money. I watched to be sure she wasn't tricking us, and also learned how to understand the names and values of each kind of coin. When she finished, I said, "Thank you." We then headed back and when we came to the beggar, I dropped him a few coins.
He looked up, and said, "Thank you, ladies."
"Your information was helpful." We then left, and I headed for an inn I had spotted earlier. "Here's an inn we can stay at. You can study the people, and I'll try to find our way."
At first, Sally didn't want to leave my side, but after a while, she got used to talking with the locals. I had given her some of the cash, keeping the larger value coins for myself. I told her of the relative value of each I gave her, and that I had, so she would have a feel for them. At that point, I looked for a salt-of-the-earth man, that I expected would know the area about here. I didn't find any today. After dinner, Sally decided to go to bed. I said I would be by later. I also left my backpack, but hid it with a spell. When I returned, I started flirting, and it wasn't long before someone decided to see if I meant it. They got me to a wall in the back, and asked if I was just a tease, or a real woman.
Lifting the hem of my skirt, I revealed I was not only a woman, but also wet in anticipation. A few minutes later, I found myself sounding far more like a cat in heat than a human. That just got me more attention, and I wound up having sex with seven guys before they stopped. By now, my top was wide open, and all four breasts were showing, and my skirt was pulled up so high, my vagina was on display. Seeing no more takers, I pulled the skirt down, and got another drink at the bar. When the bartender asked if I was really purring, I had to stop a moment and listen. I was purring. I just smiled and nodded, then continued drinking.
After downing a second one, I paid, and went back to our room.
"Did you hear that racket?" asked Sally.
"No, I didn't hear anything out of the ordinary."
"It sounded like a cat in heat, battling toms wanting her attention."
"Oh! Sorry. That was me. Seems this cat-lady is more cat during sex. I didn't realize how loud I must have been."
"That explains your top."
I looked down, and laughed. "It does, at that. I'm going to bed now." I then finished undressing, then lay on the bed and went to sleep. Sally told me later I purred in my sleep.
In the morning, we explored the town. While Sally spoke to lots of people about their lives, I spoke little. I was more interested in finding out the lay of the land. A few days later, I learned of a caravan heading to a larger town. I spoke to Sally, and we arranged to go with them. It took three days to travel down the coast to the next town. I spoke on the way with the caravan master, and learned we were not on a large island, but a continent. I also learned a little more about the area, but he did not have a map. He did recommend a shop in the upcoming town that might help me.
We decided to get a place near the center of town, so Sally would have easy access to a lot of people. The first day there, I was on the lookout, learning the rules of this place. That evening, I was asked for sex, so I tried to keep the volume down. I only had three before I went to bed. The next day, I went to the shop while Sally did interviews. While they did not know of either place I knew, they did have a map showing this part of the land. At the far edge, it looked like there might be mountains, so I looked up the nearest large city, and asked about the best way to get there. It seemed caravans like we used to get here were the best way to travel.
Over dinner, I showed Sally the map. We discussed things, and decided to make our way there. She went to our room, and soon after she left, someone came up to me for sex. I was surprised how instantly wet I was, but I went with him. I tried to keep it kind of quiet. After the fourth, I finally went to bed.
"So, are you addicted to men? You weren't this blatant in Egypt."
That's when I remembered 'catnip'. "Addicted is the right word. I just remembered, as part of the premise, that these cat ladies found human dicks to be very satisfying. In fact, when the first guy asked me for sex, I got wet instantly."
"So this is going to happen every night you stay out after dinner."
"I suspect so. It seems I have little resistance, save to not be out after dinner."
"What would your husband say?"
"Oh, that's easy. Filipe would ask me to tell him everything, with all the details, including the addiction."
"I didn't expect that response."
"We knew, before getting married, our sexual needs could not be satisfied by just one person, so we agreed to be swingers who tell each other everything. That works for us. Does it shock you?"
"Not as much as I would have thought."
"Well, it is time for bed." Again, I undressed before laying down. Soon I began to purr, as apparently I have done every night. We stayed a few days while we waited for a caravan headed our way. Sally decided she needed to take notes, so bought some paper and something to write with. I found I could limit myself to two guys each evening I stayed out. On the caravan, it was different, since I was in a much more protective mode and could not spare time to play.
The next two months seemed to be a blur to me, as we traveled. Sally interviewed endless people, in the many different places we stopped. She also interviewed others on the caravans when she could. I found I was having lots of sex, and not always with men. The nature of the people changed, and Sally was excited by the many cultural differences we encountered. Three times, animals attacked, but they were repelled. It was a day out of our destination, when everything changed.
We were traveling up a valley when we were ambushed. It was quite sudden, and nearly half the guards were killed in the initial volley. I yelled, "Sally, hide inside the wagon." I then sprang out of it, and called the predator into me so I could fight better. I thought about my gun, but there was too much cover. So, instead, I cast a spell of mist between us and the heights. This meant they could no longer pick people off, and they would have to meet us in hand to hand. This helped, until my spell was ripped asunder. That's when I knew there was another caster about.
I needed to hunt him, but not be seen by him. So I cast another mist, and while that was taken down, I ran, jumped, and scrambled up the side of the valley to take out one of their bowmen. I knifed him quickly, and he wasn't able to alert anyone. Then I crouched down to see if I could sense where the other mage was. I took the bowman's weapon, and unleashed some of his arrows upon the attackers, and took out the four other bowmen on this side of the valley. By this time, I had realized the mage was elsewhere on this side of the valley.
Since they weren't aware of my presence yet, I went even higher up the valley before moving laterally to get directly above the mage. Darn, I didn't have a shot, so I dropped the bow, and got my pouch of sand ready. Focusing on it, I caused it to swirl about me, in a cloud twenty five feet wide. I then moved downhill. My cloud was soon spotted, but none of the fighters knew how to handle it. The mage, however, tried to dismiss it, but it wasn't a spell. When he tried to send fire into it, the fire was absorbed harmlessly. Likewise, when he sent lightning, it did no damage. However, I was able to amplify the power of the bolt, and more than double it before sending it back at the mage.
That got his undivided attention. He was clearly hurt by it, but was still game to fight. But he was running out of room, as I was closing on him. When he sent wind to push the cloud away, I twisted it and incorporated it into the cloud. It compressed to about fifteen feet, but doubled in height to almost thirty feet tall, and now looked like a miniature tornado. I suddenly sensed one of the fighters leaping into the cloud to attack it. I used martial arts to toss him right back out in another direction. My strength sent him nearly thirty feet through the air, and the claws on my hands left deep scratches on him, and shredded part of his clothing.
By now, I was getting into being the tornado, and was spinning very fast. Twice more, fighters leaped in to attack, and twice more, they went flying out another direction. The mage was now backed up against a wall of rock. I felt him trying to cast another spell, this time of escape, and instead, I rushed into him. I slashed him numerous places, disrupting his spell, and rather than kill him, I knocked him unconscious. When he went down, I cast another mist, and carried him, even as I sought out the fighters. I moved quickly from place to place, heading for fighters that stayed to fight. When I reached the first, I sent him, deeply scratched, flying out of the tornado. That's when I realized I was not only spinning, but spinning very fast.
While my eyes were closed, I was seeing with my life sense, and somehow feeling the ground and air with the sand swirling about me. When I cleared this side of fighters, I went after the other side of the valley. I sensed many arrows shot into the whirlwind, but they were tossed about and did no damage. I went all over that side of the valley until it too was cleared. I then went back to the path we traveled, and slowed my spinning. Now, I got dizzy. So I just dropped the unconscious mage, and then dropped myself. Sitting still on the ground, I slowed the wind and let it out. The cloud of sand expanded at first, but when the wind stopped, I felt for the pouch, and sent the sand back into it.
When the caravan guards realized we had won, and it was me there in the center of the whirlwind, they slowly came up to me.
"Hi. I'm kind of dizzy, at the moment, but this is the leader of the attack. I want to question him later. He's a mage of some sort."
One of the guards spoke, "How did you become a tornado?"
Another said, "Wow, you moved so fast, and every time one of them was swallowed up, you spat him out far worse for wear."
A third said, "Are any of them still alive."
I answered, "I think most of them are alive, but very frightened. They lost their leader, and faced unknown danger. They are also hurt, and were easily tossed about. Those who can leave have left. Only those too injured to travel are still here, and they are trying very hard to escape our attention. Tell me, what of you?"
The second in command of the guards came up to us, and began to bind the mage. "They killed Simon, leaving me in charge. Three others are dead, and five are hurt badly."
"Can someone help me back to the wagon I am using? I need to rest, and am still too dizzy to walk straight."
That's when I heard Sally say, "I will take her."
I was surprised, "I told you to hide."
"The fight is over. You saw to that. How did you do that?"
"While I don't have divine abilities here, apparently, I am attuned enough, I can channel a little power into them to manifest them a little. I am better able to handle the sand, as it is connected to me in a way."
"Well, when we realized they were being attacked, I peeked. Nobody knew what was happening, but it was clearly targeting them, so we pulled back and defended. When I realized it must be you, I had a sudden thought. Remember the cartoon character, the Tasmanian Devil? I think you became him."
"You're right! How could I have missed that? When I pulled in the wind, I went with it and began to spin. Then I went faster and faster. I closed my eyes, as I couldn't see anyway, but I used my life sense to 'see' where everyone was. Their position told me if they were friend or foe. Early on, I surprised myself at how fast I seemed to be spinning. Yet, I was able to go in the direction I wanted."
"I saw some of those fighters you hit. That wasn't the wind or sand that hurt them."
"You're right. That was my claws, my teeth, whatever. Um... I think I need to go to sleep. That took a bit out of me."
"Go lie down. I'll be right here for you."
I woke two hours later to the smell of dinner. No longer dizzy, I nudged Sally, and said, "Let's get dinner."
"You're awake. Good. They were worried."
We got up, and wandered over to the food. Soon we were served, and I was given a double share. Looking at the cook with a question on my face, she replied it was her thanks for saving them. During dinner, as we ate, quite a few came by to give me thanks. After dinner, I sought out Kevin, the new leader of the guards, and asked, "I'd like to interrogate the prisoner."
"I already tried. When we let him speak, he tried casting a spell. I'm not sure how much you can get out of him."
"I have other ways of gaining his answers. May I?"
Kevin looked at me a bit, then decided to let me. "Right this way."
When I saw him, he was firmly bound, and had a gag in his mouth. I observed him for five minutes, gradually opening my mind to him, seeing if he had any mental powers. He did nothing, so I chose to risk it. I began reading him, and to focus his thoughts, I spoke to him. "Who are you?... Who do you work for?... What power do you command?" and so on. Each pause, I found and pulled some answers. By the time I asked about any talismans, he had realized what I was doing. While he was able to suppress his thoughts, and thus hide what it was, he forgot his body. The eyes told me the general location, and seeing a hand move briefly, I realized it was something on his body.
I shifted to a magical sight, and looked him over. I saw two places on his body. The first was apparently his talisman. The other, appeared to be some kind of scroll. I took both, then whammied him to sleep. "Well, I have his talisman, and some kind of scroll. Shall we see what we have? Oh, I learned his name, and who he works for."
Kevin got bug-eyed at that, and demanded I tell him right away. So I did. When that was done, I opened the scroll. It was actually some sort of map. Kevin indicated it showed the local area, but it seemed to also show our campsite. We figure this was how they knew where and when to find us. I gave it to Kevin, as he could use it to guard better, but I told him to keep it secret. I then examined the talisman. It was a simple, and weak one. It was the source of his elemental attacks. I took it back to my wagon, and spent an hour 'fixing' it. When I finished, it was almost twice as powerful. I then hid it carefully, by using a concealing spell on the pocket it was in.
Late the next day, we arrived in the city. Kevin had me handle the mage so we could give him some food, but we didn't let him speak or do anything. The first city guard Kevin saw, he called over, saying we were attacked, and had their leader prisoner. Sally and I went with the mage, so I could keep him from causing mischief. They were surprised to learn he was a mage, but the way they handled him after that, told me they knew what to do with a mage. Sally and I then left to find the inn Kevin recommended.
The next day, we learned why the inn was recommended. It was where the guards hung out while in town. We stayed in town for nearly two weeks. The first several days, the guards took advantage of my willingness, and the men had sex with me. When a female guard complained the men had all the fun, I mentioned I liked women as well, and was skilled at pleasing women. Not desiring to be as open about it as the guys, a female guard took me to her room, and we had sex. Starting the next day, the rest of the female guards that wanted to play, experienced me.
During the day, I scoured the city for knowledge of the other city and town. It was the desert next to mountains that finally located the city. From there, I found the town where Scheherazade lived. With some local help, I planned a route to get us there. We had to backtrack a bit, before heading a different way. But I now had a map and a list of city and town names to follow. While here, Sally reveled in the city life. It was so different to everything she knew, but was like much she studied. It took another two months to get to our final destination. Again, it seemed to blur for me, but Sally told me it was new and very exciting to her. We had several animal attacks, but nothing like the ambush.
When we arrived, no one met us, since we came with a caravan. After getting a room, and waiting a day for things to settle, we sent word to Fatima, asking her to visit.
"Hello travelers, I am Fatima. How can I help you?"
"Hello again, storyteller."
"Do I know you?"
"Yes. Last time I passed through, I had four arms."
She clearly disbelieved, then noticed I had four breasts, and my face was essentially the same. "Obsidian?"
"Yes, but in this form, I am Kitty Galore. Another role I have played."
"You are very adaptable to this place. Why did you want to see me?"
"My friend here, Sally, wants to learn from your mother about the dreamworld. I, too, want to learn from her, but about some history she may know."
"You arrive here unannounced. How did that happen?"
Sally spoke then, "We arrived nearly half a year ago, far away. We have been traveling nearly half that time, catching caravans to go from place to place."
"Oh my. I will speak with her, and I am sure she will make time. I will also have to inform the council about the arrival of seekers."
I said, "Thank you."
Fatima left, and came back later that day. "The council is rather excited that you are here, seeking her. Mother expressed curiosity at your new appearance, Kitty."
"Tell her, she may indulge her curiosity as soon as we can meet."
Fatima chuckled, "That will have to wait. First is the council interview."
Sally said, "Seems like there is bureaucracy everywhere."
I chuckled, "Don't worry. They are just doing their jobs."
Fatima smiled, and said, "Follow me."
The council wanted to know all about our travels, and Fatima paid a lot of attention. Sally did most of the talking, and I could see she seemed to be in lecture mode, informing students of her work. My own comments were far more limited, as I was more focused on arriving here, than on the way. They were rather intrigued with the mage battle, so, seeing Fatima's attention, I told the story version of it, and Sally described what it appeared as. After several hours, they let Fatima bring us to her mother.
We did not go immediately there, but we went back to the inn to eat dinner, and refresh ourselves. Arriving, she introduced us. "Mother, our thespian is back, and in another guise."
"So this is Obsidian? I see the resemblance, yet she is very different."
"Yes, I agree. In this form, she is Kitty Galore. And this is her friend, Sally."
"Welcome ladies. Sally, I am Scheherazade, pleased to meet you. And Kitty, You remain a wonder. Welcome back."
While Sally recovered from meeting a legend, I simply said, "Thank you. We came to the dreamworld, so Sally could meet you. I, too, have questions, but not about telling tales, but rather about history. I think you might have a better understanding than those of my time on events long ago for us."
"Sally, speak. What do you desire of me?"
Finally, Sally was able to speak. "Ms. Scheherazade, I study people and their culture. Many different peoples mention the dreamworld, and when Becky Sue, I mean Kitty, told me of this place, and of you, I had to see you and learn everything I could."
"That is a tall order. Fatima has been here for centuries, and is still learning from me."
"Mother, I think the dreamworld brought her here, but far away, to satisfy her desire. Kitty's desire is simpler, but was also to indulge Sally."
"You think she came all that way for a reason?"
"Yes. At the council, she described her journey. She met many different peoples, and spoke with them at length. Her journey was her true quest, not you."
Sally's eyes got big, as she realized it was true.
"I think you are right. Look at her. Sally, can this be true?"
"I... think it is. And I didn't even realize it."
"And you, Kitty? Did you realize it?"
Answering Scheherazade, I said, "No, but I did know the dreamworld reacts to visitors' needs. I just figured there was a reason, and didn't question it."
"Sally, do you still seek my knowledge?"
"Oh, yes! You are perhaps the best known storyteller of all time? How could I not desire to learn from you?"
"And you, Kitty? What history do you desire?"
"I want to know of the gods of Egypt, especially of Isis. I have encountered her in the real world, and almost perished. My daughter saved me, and when Isis left, she left behind a gift. I worry about it, so I seek to understand her and her culture."
"Hmm... I think Fatima may be as good for you as I. She spent several years in Egypt as a slave, and often worked with them before then. Fatima, what say you?"
"Mother, you are right. While Isis was myth then, many still believed, and some still secretly worshiped. Some of the first stories you taught me were from there, as it was something I knew about. Yes, Kitty, I can perhaps tell you what you need to know."
"Well then, Sally, it is a fine evening. Come with me to the garden, and we shall begin."
After they left, Fatima asked me to her room. "Shall we begin? What do you know of her and them?"
I spoke for nearly half an hour, quickly going over all I knew. From time to time, Fatima chuckled.
"Well, you know much, but there are some things you have that are wrong. Let me tell you..." She spoke for nearly two hours, at first telling me where my facts were wrong, and what really happened, and later telling me stories the Egyptians would tell each other of the gods, and of Isis, in particular. When she heard them come back in, she stopped, and we met them.
Scheherazade said, "There is much more to learn, so come again in the morning."
We took our leave, and went back to the inn. Several men approached us, and they asked if I would have sex with them. Sally chuckled, and said, "See you later. Don't stay up too late." Then she departed. I just asked who was first.
We stayed for nearly a month, and Scheherazade told me a few things that Fatima didn't. Fatima, however, was amazed that I was having sex with several people every night. "You'll be departing tomorrow. Tell me. How can you have so many men?"
I smiled, and said, "When the character of Kitty was created, her race was designed as being very susceptible to sex with humans. In part, it was comic relief, how often she would be distracted by sex. In part, it was designed to generate an audience by base entertainment. When I chose this form, I wound up with that need, and so I had a lot of sex. I don't mind, as I like sex, but had I known, I might have chosen a different character. But at least, I learned what is 'natural' for a cat-lady, so if I play the part again, I can be even more realistic."
In the morning, the four of us went to the temple, and Sally and I touched the statue and woke up. John asked, "Success?"
Sally said, "Yes. I learned a lot, and also met Scheherazade. Wow, what a dream. How long were we out?"
"Maybe fifteen minutes."
"Whoa. It was about seven months for us. I hope I can remember everything."
I piped up, "I think I can help with that." Just then, Jack began to cry, and John left. "Well, back to reality. I'm going back to my room at the inn. I'll be by in the morning."
"Goodbye, and thank you so much."
As I slept that night, Inanna spoke to me. "Welcome home, daughter. It seems you have gotten into more mischief again."
"Hello, my queen. Did my mischief entertain?"
"Yes, just like a kitten, which you were, in a way."
"You saw my dream?"
"More than saw. While sex in a dream is not as powerful as outside, you had so much, you drew my attention. Seeing you nearly helpless in thrall to erections left me breathless with laughter. Yet, you coped with dignity and joy. And that fight with the mage! You became a little tornado all on your own. While you spared most, you could easily have killed all. The raw fury you became stirred my loins. So tonight, you and I shall have wild passionate sex, Kitty." Suddenly, I was wide awake with another woman in my bed. I clearly saw Inanna, with my night vision. Startled, I then felt the ears on top of my head twitch. I looked behind me, and saw I had a tail.
"Enough introspection. Do me now!" I looked back at Inanna, and was surprised, as she now sported an erection. I quickly moved to impale myself, and placed a breast in front of her mouth. She immediately bit my nipple hard, then started sucking. I came. She then started teasing me by pulling on my tail, even as she started pounding me. She switched breasts, again biting hard, and again I came. For several hours, we had sex in all sorts of ways, with her playing the 'man'. Finally she said, "I have not had so much fun with a dick in eons. You are so fun tonight. Now it is time for you to use that tongue of yours on me." Since I had already deepthroated her several times, I was curious what she meant. Then I knew, as she dismissed the dick, and her vagina was back. I dove in, and sat on her face while I ate her out and thrust my tongue into her.
Dawn broke before we did. "Well, daughter, you are fun. See you later." She kissed me deeply, and I came yet again. When I was back to myself, I realized she had left me as Kitty.
"My queen? Aren't you forgetting something?"
"No. Try it out for a month, and enjoy." Her voice faded in a chuckle.
When I tried to sneak out, with a hoodie I made, the manager called me over. I went with a little trepidation. "Yes?"
"Kitty, I realize you enjoy sex, but all night? We do have other guests, you know."
"I'm sorry, it won't happen again."
As I walked to the bus stop, several greeted me as Kitty. When I finally knocked at their door, I knew that Inanna was still playing with me, and I would have to be Kitty for a while.
I met Sally, and she didn't notice at first. Not even when I removed my hoodie. She said, "I am trying to write everything down from the dream, but it is difficult."
"Well, I can help."
"How?"
"Hypnotism."
"Oh! It really works?"
"It does for me. Shall we?" She nodded, so I hit her with a whammie. I then instructed her mind to remember all that occurred in the dream, so she could make a dream journal.
When she woke, she started writing. "Oh! I just remembered something. Excuse me for a bit." Eventually, Jack needed changing, so I told her I would take care of him.
Sally came in two hours later with lunch. "Thanks for taking care of Jack."
"My pleasure. Besides, you were busy writing your dream journal. Speaking of which, how's it going?"
"More than half done. How about Jack?"
"We've been playing."
"I see. You sure have him entranced with your tail.... Wait. A tail?" She then looked up. "Ears, eyes? You're Kitty? How?"
"You know I am a priestess." She nodded. "And my goddess, like me, likes to have sex." Again, she nodded. "Well, apparently, our shared dream got her attention. When I fell asleep, she changed me, and we had sex with me all night."
"And she left you like this?"
"Yeah, likely for a month. She is definitely enjoying my discomfort at the situation."
"I can see why. But won't everyone notice?"
"Some have, and they called me 'Kitty'. She, at least, has some compassion so I won't get in trouble. But I have a feeling there will be a lot of sex for a month."
Snickering, she replied, "I'll bet."
"Anyway, at least you understand."
"So will John. Hmm. Think you can dress like Kitty?"
"Easy. I stood, and cast a spell sending my clothing back to my room at the hotel. Then I cast another spell and created Kitty's outfit. Then I used Everest's power to add the inorganic parts and the jewelry.
"Whoa."
"Yeah. It's kind of nice not having to hide myself."
"Is that real clothing, or a magic illusion?"
"Aja's magic creates real cloth. Everest's creates real metal and gems. It's all real, even the cat-lady beneath." I gave a crooked smile at that.
"Wow, John will be so surprised."
"Yeah, but I bet he notices right away."
"Sorry about that. I just got so used to seeing you as Kitty, it didn't register that you should be human here."
"Don't worry, I was just yanking your chain. You want to play with Jack for a while?"
"Yes." So I sat down and watched them play. After an hour, he finally tuckered out, and Sally put him to bed.
We spoke quietly, for a while, before she went back to the journal. I was making dinner, when John came home. He checked in on Jack, then Sally, before entering the kitchen. He just stood in the doorway, gaping at me. After a bit, I noticed, and waved to him.
He waved back, and said, "Becky Sue? Is that you?"
"Who were you expecting?"
"Well, I wasn't expecting a cat-lady."
"Oh, yeah, I forgot. Did Sally tell you about my dream body?"
"Yes."
"Well, apparently, Inanna found out also, and decided to give me a test drive. She implied I would be like this for a month."
"Oh."
"Yeah. Oh."
"Um..."
"It's okay. I'll survive, so don't worry about me."
"What's it like?"
"Well, my hearing and sight are better, but I need to keep track of my tail. Of course, little Jack loves it."
"He knows?"
"I doubt he's that aware. Right now, everything is new, so my differences mean nothing to him now. Anyway, dinner in twenty."
"Okay. I'll set the table."
"Thanks."
After dinner, Sally told us that she finished her dream journal. She would go over it a few times to fill in more detail, but the bare bones were there. Soon after, I left and caught the bus back. I mistakenly got off at the wrong stop, and began to walk the rest of the way to the hotel when I heard behind me, "Catnip." I was suddenly wet, and turning around, I saw a man in a doorway with his dick out. I licked my lips and headed his way, and followed him inside.
We were in the Golden Stout, and the man I saw was leaning on the bar. "Catnip," he said again. I just bent at the waist, and tilted my head back and leaned in. All nine inches went in, in under a second, followed by my tongue snaking out to wrap his balls and bring them in, as well. I was reminded I was in Kitty's outfit when I heard someone unzip and put twelve inches in my vagina. Suddenly, I was purring, even as I was sucking on the first guy's dick. By the time both had unloaded in me, others had unbuttoned my shirt and were playing with my breasts.
When both pulled out, I stood, and someone else said, "Catnip over here." I turned and went there. I got back to the hotel much later, not even remembering my shirt was completely exposing my breasts, until I went to take it off.
The day I was to leave, John asked it if bothered me, having so much sex, so openly. I just told him no, and smiled. Sally just told me to enjoy my flight. I'm not sure how it happened, as I had dressed conservatively, hiding my differences, but I ended up naked on the plane, having sex with everyone in first class. Even with the women. I had an overnight layover in New York, and my relaxation in the sauna turned into another orgy. My wake up call got turned into a sex session, as the concierge woke me with sex. Again, I dressed to hide, and again I wound up naked. The only reason I didn't have sex with all of first class this time, was the lack of time. I wound up putting my clothes back on in the access corridor.
Filipe picked me up, and let me sleep all the way home. He told me to go straight to bed, and he would take care of the luggage. I woke up the next morning, still a little tired. After a quick shower, I headed for the pool. Next thing I know, all our kids are here, some in the pool, and all naked. I felt drawn to all those dicks. So I headed for the nearest one and put it inside me.
"Mom? What are you doing?"
I began to grind, and I could feel him get very hard. I placed his hands on my breasts, and leaned in to French kiss him. In the middle of the kiss, I started purring. When he came, it set me off as well. My purr got louder, and then finally we both came down. As he deflated, and exited me, I looked and saw another dick nearby. Not bothering to look back, I headed over and stuffed it in me and began to grind.
"Mother! Stop it. It's not right."
I didn't pay attention, but again pushed his hands on my breasts and swapped spit. My purring was getting even louder. He blew even faster, and again I went off. The next dick I saw was one standing by the edge of the pool in the shallow end. I swam underwater, and emerging, I stood, mouth open, and deepthroated that dick and balls almost instantly. Even as my purr returned, I was pulsing my tongue, and soon another dick unloaded. When I came down, I saw a familiar ten-inch dick right next to the one deflating. I immediately swapped dicks, and pulsed the new one.
"Honey, what's got into you?"
Again, I didn't pay any attention until he unloaded. I then looked about, but the only other dick about was covered with swim trunks. I felt sad at that, and then I realized Filipe was trying to get my attention.
"Honey?"
"Huh?"
"What's gotten into you? And what's with the costume?"
"Uh..." I looked over at everyone, and realized what had happened. "It's a long story, but this isn't a costume. I really am a space cat like the character I play in the movie. And like them, my body reacts to the presence of 'catnip'. Seeing all those dicks just kind of overloaded me until I could have each of them."
"What do you mean you really are a space cat? How did that happen."
"Inanna."
There was silence, before a few said, 'Oh.' Filipe finally asked, "How'd it happen?"
"You know I wanted to go to the dreamworld and talk with Scheherazade?"
"Yes."
"Well I thought I would go as Kitty Galore this time, rather than Obsidian. I didn't count on my body's reaction to sex with men. We only left this reality for fifteen minutes, but we were in the dream for seven months. Inanna caught wind of all the sex I had in the dream, and wanted to see for herself what it was like. Afterwards, she implied I'd be like this for a month."
"How come you don't seem so bothered now?"
"I think it's like I have to try them all, but lose interest after enjoying them. Kind of like a cat toy. Um, Blake, don't get naked in my sight, or I'll be on you, too. Lucio, Chung, and Matthew? You're safe for now, but I don't know how long it'll be before I'll want your dicks."
Filipe asked, "And me?"
I got out of the pool and walked up to him, and impaled myself. "I'll always want yours." I then carried him, still impaled, to a lounger. Awkwardly, I set him down without losing his dick. Then I shifted position, and started bouncing on him. I pulled his hands to my breasts, and started to encourage him to do me. I didn't notice all my boys got real hard, and my daughters got rather aroused also. After we had a few climaxes, I finally got off and lay beside him.
That's when we heard Dena say, "Wow, Izzy, did you see how many times dad came?"
Isabel replied, "Yeah. How come our guys don't last that long."
Embarrassing them both, Filipe said, "Girls, it took years of practice. Your mother can be insatiable, and because I love her, I try to satisfy her. Even before Inanna, I couldn't keep up. Now? She can go all day and all night. I can't. Not even when I was in my prime."
Matthew said, "Um, mom? Now that you've well, broken the ice with incest, can you teach us boys the way you taught the girls?"
I heard a few gasps, and I could feel Filipe's gaze upon me. "Um... with the girls, it's not the same. Because we could never get each other pregnant, we didn't really feel it was like true incest. Also, I wanted them to have sex because they wanted the person, not because their hormones said sex."
"But you don't have ovaries anymore. You can't get pregnant from us now."
"You really want this?" I looked around and saw some of the boys nod. Then Blake approached me, and with his swimsuit almost in my face, he pulled it down. Two seconds later, my head was tilted back and I was deepthroating him. After we both came, Blake pulled out. "Well, that's a hell of a yes, Blake." He just grinned.
Filipe then said, "Well, It's decided. Becky Sue's going to be giving sex lessons today."
Almost immediately, I gathered the boys about, and started teaching them. After each technique, I had each try it on me a few times, until they got the hang of it. I also taught them how to eat a girl out, and finger her, and many other things. Cindy and Tammy brought out breakfast. Cindy was nude, and clearly wet.
Tammy said, "Folks, breakfast is served."
Cindy said, "Boys, if you need to practice some more, I'll be glad to help."
One of the girls called Cindy over. She left, and came back shortly, carrying a large collection of toys, and distributed them among the girls. She then came over to us, and I was able to explain some things a little better. When Tammy called lunch, we all got dressed and headed in. Afterwards, we went to the living room, where I told everyone about my dreamworld experience. When I finished, I told them I would likely be as I am for another few weeks, so be prepared.
Filipe and I had sex every night, but I chose to not go out anywhere. A few weeks later, Inanna spoke to me. "Why don't you go out and play more?"
"In England, I don't really know anyone besides John and Sally, and so didn't mind being the center of attention as a real life cat-girl. But here, I didn't want to face the reality with people I know and work with."
"I was taking care of that. They wouldn't remember you were a cat-girl."
"But I would. And that is uncomfortable to me. Also, the real live cat-girl is a little too controlled by her hormones. When I pretend to be one, I am in charge. As one, I am not."
"I didn't realize just how subject you were to your hormones."
"That's okay. I knew you didn't do it maliciously. While fun at first, the reality is a bit too much. Still, I will be able to show the helplessness to dicks better in any future movies, so some good will come of it."
"Well, the month is up. What will you do now?"
"I am more at ease with Isis's gift, but I need to go someplace to work on it with someone able to help me."
"Good then. You'll be fine, I am sure of it."
I felt her attention leave, and looking at my body, I could see I was human again. Over the next month, I made the rounds of parties, and openings, to get back in touch with everyone. But at the back of my mind was one question.
How do I find a dragon?
But that is another story...
= = = = = = = = = =
I love getting your votes.
I would also like to hear from you.
Leave a comment!