Chapter 2 - The Woman in the Box
Tucked away in a nook between the hall of bedrooms and the glory holes stood a massive unfinished wooden door. I hadn't paid it much attention during the tour, I was too preoccupied with the blonde stunner with the powerful calf muscles wrapped around the stripper pole. Is that the right term for it? She was fully clothed, so I guess "dance pole" was more apt. Whatever the case, she held the attention of everyone in the room, so no one noticed the stout brunette silently sneaking out of the mysterious room.
After the tour ended, I wanted to avoid bumping into Hannah. I wasn't sure if she recognized who I was. It had been five years since she graduated, but I didn't want to give her more opportunities to discover my identity.
"Let's go check out that room behind the wooden door," I urged Oscar without sounding too desperate.
"Wooden door?" Oscar peeled his attention away from a stark naked couple carrying on a casual conversation as though public nudity was the most natural thing in the world to them.
"Next to the dance pole, it was kinda tucked in the corner," I tried to convince him, but Oscar had the attention span of a kid in a candy shop, eyes darting from one sweet treat to the next. He was getting his fair share of longing glances, too. I could feel anxiety's ugly tendrils slithering into my brain again. It was one thing to fantasize about sleeping with other people, it was a whole other thing to go through with it. Of course, I knew that there was a very real possibility that we would end up having sex with strangers tonight. That was the whole reason we had come to The Parade, to play out the fantasies we had kept secret from each other (and ourselves) for so long.
I inadvertently discovered one of my kinks one night when Oscar excitedly showed me a recording of us having sex that he had discovered on an old phone. It took me a moment to recognize that I was the redhead that my then-boyfriend was roughly plowing. He had recorded it the Summer I dyed my hair from its natural blonde. After the initial shock wore off, I was surprised to find how hot I found the idea of watching Oscar fuck another woman. I felt like a fly on the wall of a private affair, spying on something forbidden that was meant to be kept from my eyes. I knew, of course, that he loved me, but watching him from the sidelines made me feel like I was having an out-of-body experience.
It was a long time before I could admit it to myself. I thought, "What kind of person wants to see their partner with someone else?" The idea made me so horny, but I was instinctually hesitant. It felt like it was the wrong thing to want and that I should be satisfied by the man I chose to marry. So why was I so intensely attracted to the idea?
For Oscar, he was in love with the idea of being married to a pornstar. He admitted to me that he fantasized about creating and managing my OnlyFans and showing me off to the world. I thought it was strange at first, but the idea that he thought I was worthy of worship filled me with a sense of confidence that I had never felt before. When I agreed for him to share my nudes with some of his work friends, he was over the moon. You should have seen the grin on his face when he showed me all the dirty details of what his friends wanted to do to my various holes in various positions. It made me feel wanted. No, not just wanted, desired.
We knocked on the wooden door to no response. The door was unlocked, but there was barely enough room for both Oscar and me to fit.
"Is it a closet?" Oscar asked.
"Weird place for a closet to be. Right in the middle of the club?"
We both stared into the empty closet when a small voice chirped from behind us, "Do y'all know what this is?"
I recognized the plump brunette who was in the room earlier.
"Yes, please. I saw you in the room earlier, but the tour guide didn't explain what it was."
"You just missed the show then," the brunette said, "I imagine y'all are new here? This is a great soft swing for newbies. The door has a bunch of hatches built into it. All you need to do is stand inside, open a hatch, and the people out here will feel you up in there. Plus, even if y'all weren't wearing those masks, people wouldn't be able to see who was inside, just the fun bits. "
I could practically feel Oscar's excitement radiating off him. This was exactly the sort of thing that got him off: showing off his pretty little trophy. Though it wouldn't have been my first choice, I have to admit that I was enjoying turning the heads of the other married men in the club. I looked Oscar in his big brown puppy eyes and smiled.
The inside of the box was warmly lit. Oscar tucked himself into the corner of the room and propped up against the wall. I locked us in. Oscar didn't pretend to hide his giddiness as I slipped my tunic over my head. The close quarters didn't allow for a very sexy strip tease, but the bulge in Oscar's pants gave me its emphatic approval. I stripped down to my socks, folded my clothes neatly, and placed them in the small compartment to my left.
As I turned to open the uppermost hatch in the door, Oscar gave me a playful smack on the ass.
"You're so fucking beautiful, you know that?" Oscar gushed.
"I love you, too."
I opened the hatch and thrust my chest through the gap and into the hallway. The cool air from the outside immediately hardened my nipples. It was only a few seconds before I heard some indistinct chattering. My face was practically pressed against the door leaving me entirely oblivious to what was happening outside. It had been a long time since I practiced public nudity. The last time I could remember was going on a picnic date in a sundress and no panties. Oscar stealthily finger fucked me in the middle of a crowded park, and to the best of both of our knowledge, no one had noticed. It was a thrill at the time, and I felt that same thrill now. Though I suppose the point of this night was to be seen.
"I wish they'd thought to install one of those one-way mirrors like in -- oh!"
My thoughts were halted by the shock of a warm pair of unfamiliar hands cupping my breasts. Every hair on my body prickled.
"Sorry," the sheepish yet baritone voice was only inches away but muffled slightly by the thickness of the door. "I should have knocked first. Didn't mean to startle you. You are beautiful, by the way."
"Thank you," I said after a brief pause. I wondered if that was the right thing to say. What do you say to the stranger with their hands on your tits? For a moment, I pondered the absolute absurdity of what I was doing. Of all the things I'd imagine we'd be doing in a sex club, standing naked in a box and getting fondled by strangers was not on the list.
The strange hands continued exploring my chest, gently massaging and caressing the hardened peaks of my nipples. It was exhilarating. If my heart was beating any faster, it might have ended up landing at the stranger's feet. I let out a thankful moan. He welcomed me by tracing my sensitive nipples with his thumbs in slow, kneading circles. My head rolled back in pleasure and I inadvertently thrust my chest out even further inviting him to continue.
"Can I taste them?"
I strained my head to look toward Oscar for approval. His strong hands were gently rubbing the bulge in his pants. He was entirely entranced with the scene playing out in front of him, his dark eyes boring a hole through me as though he was trying to see clear through to action on the other side of the door. He nodded slightly, a barely perceptible assent as though not to break his delicate-as-glass concentration.
"Yes, please," I said in the most sultry tone I could muster.
Almost immediately, as though his mouth had been hovering over my chest eagerly awaiting their cue, a pair of soft lips vacuumed up my left nipple and his tongue hungrily lapped at my tit. A mixture of shock and pleasure surged through my entire body. When was the last time another man had his lips on me? A few of Oscar's friends had masturbated to the pictures he shared with them, but I never even met any of them in person.
The hairs of his mustache prickled against my skin. Facial hair is a major turn-on for me, but Oscar never liked how his beard felt and would shave every other day to stave off the stubble. I tried to imagine my anonymous partner's face. He was polite and well-mannered but had rugged strong hands and a thick beard. My mind went straight to Keanu Reeves, even though I thought he might be a bit too wholesome for a sex club.
Not Keanu planted a trail of kisses from one breast to the next before gently sucking my other nipple into his hot mouth. As his tongue danced on my skin I could feel heat surging through my entire body. My cheeks burned with pleasure and adrenaline. I felt like I was about to burst into flames.
I heard Oscar shuffling behind me, but I'd pushed myself so far through the hatch that I could barely turn my head to look at him. The soft fabric of his shirt pressed up against my bare back and his thick fingers slid inside me without meeting any resistance. I hadn't realized how wet I was. With his other hand, he reached around and massaged my slick clit. I thought my entire body was on fire before, but now I was entirely enveloped on both sides and quaking under a blanket of pleasure. The heat was unrelenting and my body screamed for release.
I braced for the wave of my orgasm as my pleasure began to crest. The wooden door groaned and squeaked from the vigorous fingering. I was past the point of no return, my climax teetered on a knife's edge. I quaked as the torrent flooded from my cheeks, my chest, my arms, and finally between my legs.
"Oh! Fuck!" The words shuddered out of me. Every inch of my body tingled from the aftershock. My breath was ragged and heavy and my heart was drumming in my ears.
I'd never been in a threeway before, and though I'm sure I'd be hard-pressed to find anyone who would equate groping to having sex, my mystery man had no small part to play in one of the most intense orgasms I've ever experienced.
"Thank you," Not Keanu said before planting one last kiss on my chest. My words failed me entirely, but I hoped my post-climax panting was a sufficient acknowledgment of his expert touch.
I listened as his shoes thudded away into the chattering club. I thought that I might never know his name or face. It was incredibly amusing to me the idea that we could pass each other in the hall later, completely oblivious to who the other was. I already had an image of what he looked like clouding my thoughts, but now, I would be on the lookout for any man with a beard. That would hardly narrow my search down.
"That was incredible," Oscar said, "you're absolutely glowing." My breath was still coming back to me, but I was no longer flushed with red-hot lust and the sobering coolness of the sweat from every pore snapped me back to reality. I had almost forgotten that my breasts were still lolling out of the hatch. A small part of me wanted to stay on display for a while longer.
I reluctantly pulled myself back into the box before another passerby started to play with me. I shut the hatch and locked it. There were far too many more things to see in The Parade, and I wanted to see it all.