The next morning Mrs. Davidson awoke to a Caribbean sunrise. I opened her curtains, and coffee and juice were on the balcony.
"Good morning," I said, "How did you sleep?"
She looked at me and stretched her arms, "Never better."
I smiled, "Vacations here are just the thing to help you let go and feel new again." Then I laughed, "Just don't get a sunburn."
I had entered from my connecting room, and Mrs. Davidson didn't seem to mind that I was intruding. After the night before, I didn't know if she would need time to recover or if she wanted to be fucked all the time now that she'd allowed Roland to work his magic.
She lay in the bed, half covered by a sheet. As she rose, I wrapped her robe around her shoulders, and we walked onto the balcony. She stood and sipped coffee while looking out at the tropical view. Her robe was parted in the center, with her pussy free to feel the morning air. A male guest walked under us and waved approvingly as he saw his first pussy of the day. Mrs. Davidson smiled and waved back.
Her phone rang, and it was her husband, Rev. Sam, calling to ask how she was doing. As she told him about the nice resort and the friendly staff, I got a devilish idea. I took her by the hand and led her to the bed. She lay down and kept talking to her husband as I took off my robe. She saw my erect cock and knew instantly what to do.
Mrs. Davidson kept an eye on me as she talked with her husband, but she reclined and spread her legs as my cock slid gently into her pussy. There's a special pleasure about fucking a wife while she's on the phone with her husband. As they told each other goodbye and traded "I love yous" I pulled my cock out of her pussy as my cum made puddles on her chest and breasts.
She hung up and smiled at me and said, "I've never woken up like this before."
I said, "You're just beginning to enjoy the pleasures of the island." Then added, "Let's get ready for a fun day." She caressed my softening cock as I brushed her hair away from her face. "Meet you on the beach after lunch?" I asked.
Mrs. Davidson smiled at me and rolled over to rest more. She needed a few hours to rest and get herself ready for the day.
After the mid-day break, staff members and sun bathers returned to the beach. Handsome naked staff served drinks and mingled with guests. Beautiful wives strolled nude on the beach, and a few local young men with prominent assets walked proudly back and forth to tempt vacationing wives. Wives with husbands knew they had permission to watch and make friends.
I texted Mrs. Davidson, and minutes later she joined me and took the lounge chair next to mine. Her two-piece bathing suit was very attractive, but I pointed out that afternoons were for nudity. "You know I don't want you to cover your pussy in my presence."
A month ago, she had been horrified to take off her panties in the church kitchen and then be de-pantied in the sanctuary balcony, but now she was casual about being naked. She removed her top then waited for me to take off her bottoms.
Nearby guests watched as I lowered her suit bottoms and revealed her pussy to them. Her pussy hair hid the top crease of her pussy but pouting lips between her legs were exposed to the fresh salt air and to the gazes of guests.
One of the staff members offered to help her with sun screen. She relaxed as he oiled her from shoulders to feet, carefully avoiding touching her pussy until he she parted her legs for him. His moist fingers lingered between her legs and teased her gently. Roland told me later that the staff are told not to cause orgasms but only to arouse the guests.
As the heat rose, Mrs. Davidson walked into the surf to feel the cool waves near one of the local young men. He greeted her with a smile. As he lifted her over approaching waves, his exposed cock grew larger as it rubbed against her. He politely wished her a good day as she walked back to our chairs.
At four o'clock, I told Mrs. Davidson that I had arranged an appointment for her at the spa for a special treatment. We walked together to the spa area and were greeted by two local women who tended the female guests.
"Hello," they said, "We are expecting you." They took Mrs. Davidson to a warm whirlpool bath and said to me, "Would mister like to come, too?"
"Oh, I am not her husband," I said.
They replied, "That's okay, you can come anyway."
Mrs. Davison, by now used to being completely naked, relaxed in the warm water as the women prepared an outdoor massage table. After twenty minutes in the pool, they asked her to lie on the table, face up. One of them asked, "You are here for trimming or hair removal?"
As Mrs. Davidson looked puzzled, I spoke up, "She's here for complete removal."
She didn't resist as one of the ladies used scissors to trim her pubic hair. The other carefully cleaned Mrs. Davidson's pussy region with mild soap. Then they dabbed hot wax on a patch of her mons, applied a cloth, and let it dry for a moment before quickly baring her pussy of all hair. They were skillful and did not cause their guest much discomfort as they repeated the process until she was bare. When finished, women applied soothing lotion and let her rest. I snapped a few photos of what I was looking forward to licking later that evening.
Later, I had a message from Rev. Sam that he wanted to consult with me about one of my recommendations, and I agreed to video conference with him. I set up my laptop in my hotel room, and we began our meeting.
Rev. Sam asked where I was, and I told him I was on vacation. He apologized for the interruption. "Not a problem," I said. "Always glad to speak with you."
Just then, Mrs. Rev. Sam came into my room, naked as the day she was born, proudly displaying her newly smooth pussy. She didn't know I was on a video meeting with her husband, and she walked innocently into the camera view behind me, just as she had done weeks ago when she mistakenly exposed herself to me. But this time the tables were turned, and her husband saw his wife naked in my room.
Too late, she looked up and saw her husband staring at her. She gasped and tried to cover herself with her hands, just as she as tried to do before. It took her a few moments to get out of the camera view. But I moved the laptop so he could still see her.
Rev. Sam just watched as I said, "Your wife's vacation has been very relaxing, and you can see how much she has been enjoying herself."
He tried to speak, but I cut of his microphone. He could only watch as I convinced his wife to come closer. As she came nearer, the camera caught her hairless pussy clearly. I put an arm around her ass and drew her close to me and to the camera, then used my finger to outline her bare pussy lips, "See how nice she looks?"
Rev. Sam was beside himself. He was red-faced and shouting something.
Just then, Roland entered the room with dinner wearing an evening dinner jacket but nothing else. I said, "Roland, come over here and see Mrs. Davidson's new pussy."
He smiled when he saw Mrs. Davidson's new look. Without noticing that her husband was watching, he took her in his arms and lifted her up in an embrace. His cock was already partially erect, and now it grew to full force as he held her up off the ground.
In full camera view with her husband watching, Roland asked, "May I offer you a little before-dinner appetizer?" As he raised Rev. Sam's wife up into the air she wrapped her legs around him. Then he lowered her onto his upturned erection, using his large cock as a pussy finder and then slowly lowering her down on his shaft. Rev. Sam saw his wife being penetrated by the largest dick on the island.
Roland walked her around the room and settled Mrs. Davison on the bed. Then he leaned down to lick her smooth pussy. Her husband could clearly see the enormous cock that had been deep inside his wife.
Rev. Sam was watching intently now, and he had pulled his own cock out. "Go ahead," I told him, "Join the fun with us."
Just then, Roland looked up and saw his guest's husband watching from the computer. "Ah, mon, I want to congratulate you on such an excellent wife." Roland took a break to walk over to the camera and speak directly to Rev. Sam. Roland's cock was still at full length and girth and his balls waved back and forth. He saw Rev. Sam with his cock out of his pants, "That's right, sir, please join us and enjoy." Roland glanced at Rev. Sam's dick then said, "Ah, let me see." He spread his fingers to the length of the minister's cock then held it next to his own far bigger wife pleaser, "Here you can see the extra that your wife is getting her on the island."
Roland's taunt caused Rev. Sam to shout something as he fisted his own cock faster and faster.
Rev. Sam could only watch as Roland returned to lick his wife. From behind, he saw Roland leaning over, and above Roland's shoulders he could see his wife's face groaning with delight. I moved the laptop so that Rev. Sam could get a good view when Roland entered her again, and that's when I noticed that the reverend had lost control. He was panting and holding his withering cock.
"Oh, too bad," I said, "We're just getting started here."
I turned on Rev. Sam's microphone, and could hear him breathing loudly and moaning, "Oh my God, Oh my God."
I hated to leave Rev. Sam in distress, so I said, "I hope you enjoyed this, and I know you support your wife having a once in a lifetime getaway." I paused, the added, "Why don't you call Mrs. Davidson tomorrow and ask her if she wants you to come down and join us?"
Rev. Sam just stared with glazed eyes and continued to massage his limp cock.
And so it goes in the life of a ministerial consultant.