Authors note: This is a cuckold/Slut wife story. For those of you who hate these stories, i'm telling you upfront to save you the trouble of reading it. Just give it a 1 star rating, and leave a comment you feel is insulting towards me. If you hate these stories and do read it, at least try to relate your insulting comment to something in the story.
For the rest of you. Please enjoy the stories. Please vote. It offsets all the 1 star votes from the haters. A lot of these stories start off at less than 3 stars. That's because the cuckold haters all vote right away. The scores go up over time as others vote. Right now I don't have any stories below 4 stars.
These people also go to my other stories and vote 1 star just because, um, I have no idea why.
I love comments from the haters. They make me laugh and want to write more. I actually work at coming up with cuckold stories just because I know it annoys them. Please enjoy their comments with me.
More than that I appreciate the comments and feedback emails from those of you who truly appreciate my work. Thank you so much for your kind words. I write because I love the story, but it warms my heart when you appreciate it as well._________________________
We'd been married for almost 22 years and our 2 girls were now 17 and 18 and pretty much had their own lives. This left my husband Kyle and I with a lot of free time on weekends. I actually enjoyed a lot of quiet time at home, he liked getting out and to be with people.
One day he came home and said he wanted a motorcycle. I knew he had always wanted one since he'd had one when we met. When we had children I'd convinced him to get rid of it. I was afraid he'd get hurt and I wanted my kids to have a father. Now, at 43 I felt he deserved one. He was a loving guy and had always been good to me, why not.
Part of the fun of having a bike is having people to ride with. Kyle joined a local riding group. Not a biker club. A group of suburbanites, like him, who liked to ride.
I had thought that that it would be a guy thing but after a while Kyle started asking me to go with him on rides. I told him I did not want to interfere with his guy time. He explained that at least ½ the guys rode with their wives or girl friends and there were women who rode their own bikes.
What the hell, I thought. I could try it and if I didn't like it say no the next time.
The next weekend the group had a ride and I decided to go. I was pleased to see that out of 23 people at least 10 were women. They were extremely friendly and welcoming.
The group had ride leaders. These guys were chosen by the group because of their experience. The first one I met was Grayson. Everyone called him Gray.. I later learned that he was the most experienced leader. As the leader I obviously paid more attention to him. He was bigger than Kyle. Kyle is about 5'7 and at 200 lbs a little chubby. Gray was 55 although he looked younger. He was 5'11", had a big chest and shoulders obviously made to look bigger by the leather jacket he was wearing. He weighed about 220. He was not thin, but heavy in a way that made him look solid, not fat.
On this ride he did a small safety briefing, outlined the route, and we were off. It was obvious from the way he led the ride that he was in control of the group I felt safe and I appreciated it.
At lunch he made an effort to sit with Kyle and I. He introduced us to others and kept us involved in the conversation and made me feel part of the group. He was obviously very intelligent and well educated. I liked him and realized that the group liked and respected him.
I went on more rides with Kyle. I was enjoying getting out, the fresh air, and socializing. It was a fun way to spend a day. Gray led about 2 rides a month. He rode with the group maybe 4 times a month. His passion was riding. He rode almost every weekend. In talking with him I found out he rode almost every day and took his bike more often than his car.
His wife would ride with him. She was a pretty dark haired woman about ½ his size. She worked every other weekend so we only saw her about once a month. She was outgoing and sweet. Everyone liked her.
As we rode more I found out Gray was a huge flirt. He flirted with everyone. You could even call the way he talked to the men flirting. I noticed it was called friendly with men and flirting with women. To me he seemed to treat both the same. He would make jokes on the verge of inappropriate, but, because he was so nice, people found it funny and no one freaked out.
People would often ask his wife how she put up with him. She'd just answer, "I think he's funny." I noticed that the women would laugh at his jokes and attention. Sometimes blushing, but never pulling away. They seemed to appreciate his attention.
I found myself doing the same. I would flirt back. He'd make a sexual innuendo, I'd laugh and say, "you wish."
His flirting was a joke among everyone, including his wife. One time a group member had a friend meet him for dinner with the group. After dinner the friend's wife was pissed. It seems she was angry at her husband for flirting with the waitress.
She turned to Gray's wife and said, "wouldn't you be angry if your husband flirted with the waitress in front of you."
The group standing around kind of let out a giggle. Gray's wife just replied, "Have you met my husband?"
Gray would often show up with other women on the back of his bike. It was uncommon for most men to ride with someone other than their wife or girlfriend. Riding together was considered kind of intimate, but Gray had a number of different women he would show up with. Many were extremely attractive. They ranged from late 20s to somewhere in their 40s. There were about 10 regulars. I know I would have felt jealous if they were riding with Kyle.
When the subject was brought up to Gray's wife or the women he rode with they would all say that his passengers were on a 'wife approved' list.
People in the group would vie for Gray's attention. The men would often save him a seat at lunch. There was always a woman sitting on one side of him, often 2. I enjoyed his company and I admit, sometimes felt left out if he was flirting with someone else and not me. I did notice Gray flirted with the more attractive ones a bit more. I think I fell into that category.
At 43 I was in pretty good shape. 5''5", 130, natural red hair to my shoulders. I hit the gym 2-3 times a week and was proud that I could still rock a bikini.
Kyle was one of those people that wanted his attention. He was excited when Gray talked to him, or to me, for that matter. He would make an effort to be in the group Gray was talking to or make sure either he, or I, were sitting near him at lunch.
Gray was often a topic of conversation at home. Something he said, some story he told, even political discussions at home involved Gray's opinion. Even our girls knew who Gray was. They'd met him at group functions and liked him.
About 6 months after we'd met him, Kyle and I were invited to a backyard BBQ pool party at his house. We asked if people from the group were going to be there and were told no, it was another group of friends. Kyle was very excited to be going. He felt like we were being included in an inner circle. I was a little less excited as we wouldn't know anyone and there was a part of me that didn't want to be wearing a bathing suit in front of strangers who might be judging me.
The day of the party came. I put on a modest red bikini with shorts and a T shirt over it. The party was about 25 people. I recognized some of the women as Gray's riding partners. They were all in bathing suits. Mine was a bikini and it was probably the most modest. Gray's wife was wearing a little string bikini that showed off a body that should not belong to a woman in her late 40s.
We were introduced around. Within this group was another group of riding friends. They did not belong to the big group. These seemed to be more intimate friends. Gray explained that these were his buddies. With these guys he did not have to manage the others. They rode as equals not as a group being led.
We had a nice time. People were friendly. Gray would put his arm around me as he introduced me. He'd flirt with me and make comments to others and Kyle about how hot I was. I was enjoying the attention but also feeling a bit uncomfortable. In my bikini, Gray's arms around my waist were always touching bare skin. Sometimes he'd come up behind me and wrap his arms around me. His hands on my belly just above my bikini bottoms. I'd dated guys bigger than my husband before I got married. I'd forgotten how it felt to be wrapped in their arms. In my nervousness I'd look at Kyle but he seemed happy so I started to relax.
The offshoot was that Kyle and I were invited to go riding with Gray's smaller group. Kyle was thrilled. Kyle always insisted I come. He always said that Gray specifically asked for me. If I could I went. Usually it was a group of 3-5 bikes. Usually at least one other woman. Sometimes I was the only girl.
On these rides Gray would often put his arms around me and make comments to Kyle or the other guys about how hot or cuddly I am. Sometimes even passing me to one of the other guys and saying things like, "Doesn't she feel good?"
Kyle seemed to love it when they'd talk about me or compliment me. It was all in fun. I didn't mind it either.
We were again invited to a party at Gray's house. As he invited us Gray said to me, in front of Kyle, "And you can do much better than that mom thing suit you wore last time."
I laughed and said, "I'll see what I could do."
Kyle told him he knew I could. As Kyle said that I gave him a 'Really?' Look. Kyle was oblivious.
2 days before the party Kyle asked me if I'd found a new bathing suit yet.
"New?" I asked. "What's wrong with the ones I own?"
Kyle looked a little trapped, "Ummm... Nothing," he said. "It's just the woman at his parties seem to wear, umm... more flashy bathing suits. I just want us to fit in."
I was both annoyed and excited. I was annoyed that Kyle wanted to fit in so badly that he wanted me in a more revealing swimsuit. I was excited because, at 43, someone other than my husband wanted to see me in a more revealing swimsuit and I liked the idea of Gray checking me out.
I went shopping and found a little string bikini that I thought would be perfect. The bottoms tied on both sides and just covered my ass. The front dipped down below my hips. The top tied around my neck and in the back. I thought it would do nicely.
That night I had a weird dream. I woke up from it horny as hell. The only image I remember from the dream is me standing in the bikini, Gray pulling at one of the strings on my hips, with Kyle and other people watching.
It was the middle of the night when the dream woke me. I tried to wake Kyle. I was horny and wanted sex. Me waking Kyle in the middle of the night for sex hadn't happened in 15 years. He didn't wake up. I slid my hands in my pajamas and masturbated till I came then I fell back asleep.
The next morning I felt guilty. I'm not sure why. I'd masturbated before, almost once a week. Sex with Kyle after 20 years had slipped to 3-4 times a month and, though I loved him, I was not as physically attracted to the weight he'd put on.
Even the fantasy didn't bother me. In fact, it was one of my favorite, being watched, someone else in control. Once, in college, I was changing in my room, all of a sudden my roommate burst in with 6 guys. I was standing there in just my panties. I shrieked. It took them all a minute to figure out what was going on. When she did, my roommate chased them all out. The whole time, I just stood there in my panties, trembling and covering my tits. I was also turned on. Super turned on. All those guys looking at me. I was helpless to do anything. That night I masturbated 3 times. Since then, that type of situation had been the center of my private fantasies.
The fact that Gray centered in this fantasy bothered me. In my fantasies usually the men were faceless. No real focus. This time it was a specific person. I knew I found him attractive, but I think I was fooling myself as to how attractive. I shrugged it off and went on with my day but I knew it was still in the back of my mind.
The party was in the evening. We arrived at 7:30. As we got there Gray's wife was heading out the door.
"I got called into work," she said. "They have an emergency."
She put her arms around me. She stood very close, with her face looking up to mine. "I'm gone, so I'll leave it to you to make sure Gray has fun and doesn't get lonely." She had a very serious tone. Then she kissed Kyle on the cheek. "You won't mind if Gray borrows your wife for the evening, will you?" she said.
I couldn't tell if she was joking or not.
Kyle, in what I thought was a joking voice, answered, "What's mine is his. After all, it's his party."
Gray's wife laughed, kissed him on the cheek again, and said, "Good boy."
She then turned to me and said, "I hope you brought a better suit than last time."
Not really sure what to do, I unzipped my shorts and gave her a peek at the bottoms.
"Nice," she said. "Gray will love that. Have fun," and she headed out the door.
We headed through the house to the back door. I saw there were 7 other people there. Gray, 2 of the guys he rides with, and 4 girls. I'd met 3 of the girls.
Gray jumped up to greet me. He put his arms around me and kissed me on the lips. He kinda made a big joke of giving me a big kiss. There was no tongue or anything but as he was kissing me I had to remember not to slip my tongue out.
He shook Kyle's hand and, putting his arm around me, made sure we remembered who everyone was.
After the introductions he looked at me and said, "Well, did you do better than last time?"
Everyone turned to look at me. I knew what he meant. He wanted to see my bathing suit. I blushed. I also felt a feeling of excitement.
Gray looked at Kyle. "Did she?"
Kyle sucked up the attention. "Oh yeah, much better," he said.
I looked at him.
"Go ahead, show him," he said.
Show him? Not show them or she looks great in it. Show him. I was specifically showing off my new bathing suit for Gray.
Everyone was looking at me. It had been a long time since I'd undressed in front of anyone but Kyle. I felt like I did as a teenager. I knew I had a great body then. I couldn't wait to strip down to my bathing suit on the beach. I knew guys would be checking me out.
Back then I'd make a show of it. Taking my time, trying to tease. That feeling came back to me. I slowly unbuttoned my shorts, then unzipped them. I knew the skin above my suit had come into view. I pushed them slowly over my hips, letting them drop to the deck. I turned around bent over straight legged and picked them up. I knew I was giving them a great view of my ass. I could feel the back of the suit creep up my ass cheeks as I bent over.
I picked up the shorts and handed them to Kyle. Then I crossed my arms in front of me, grabbed the hem of my shirt, and pulled it up over my head. Arms extended I pulled it off my arms leaving my body stretched and arms in the air as I did so.
I was enjoying this. I could feel myself getting wet and had butterflies in my stomach.
Gray stepped up to me. He took my shirt and handed it to Kyle. Then he put his arms around my waist and said, "Let's get you a drink."
He told Kyle to throw my clothes in the bedroom. As Kyle walked away Gray said, "Nice, I knew you had a fucking hot body."
Then he asked the others there if they agreed I had a fucking hot body. They all agreed. Gray's arm stayed around my waist as he got me a drink and we socialized. When Kyle came out of the house Gray told him to get himself a drink. As we stood there chatting. Gray's hand played with the strings of my bikini.
We had sat down with the others to chat. Gray pulled me next to him on the loveseat. Kyle sat across from us. Gray's arms moved around my shoulders as he pulled me to him.
We chatted a bit more and Gray suggested the hot tub. We all started to get in but there wasn't enough room for all of us. Gray grabbed my hips and pulled me on his lap. That made room for everyone but Kyle. If people had moved a little there would have been room for Kyle, but they didn't. Kyle sat on the side.
Gray's hands were under the water. He let them roam a bit. I could feel his fingers playing with the string of my bikini. They'd slip between the string and my skin. He'd run his hands down my thighs and back up almost to my crotch.
For the most part the conversation took place in the hot tub. Kyle was kind of left out, but he didn't seem to mind. Gray would make a joke about him being left out and Kyle would just laugh. Gray would say if Kyle had a body as great as mine he could sit on someone's lap too. Kyle laughed along with everyone else.
At one point Gray put his hands on my hips and pulled me into him. I could feel his cock against my ass. I could tell right away he was on the big side.
As his hands roamed he'd pull the back of my suit up into the crack of my ass. He made no effort to hide it. I made an effort not to squirm too much as it would just push his cock further into the crack of my ass. But, in reality I made no effort to stop him. I was loving the feeling. Kyle was average sized. I liked knowing that this big cock was reacting to my body.
The bubbles somewhat obscured it. But since I was on his lap I was close enough to the top of the hot tub to see. Plus he had the light on in the hot tub to illuminate everything. No one said anything. The conversation just went on.
At one point he had his hands on my ass and said to Kyle, "You know, she has a great ass."
"I know," replied Kyle.
The whole situation was surreal. It was also turning me on. I'd been treated like a wife for so long it was turning me on to be lusted after. I wasn't drunk but I did have a light buzz on. I wish I could use that as an excuse, but I don't think it really had any influence.
Gray's legs were longer than mine and it was hard to keep my legs together. Eventually I let them fall to either side of his. He repositioned me so my pussy was rubbing right up against his cock. The feel of his hard cock against me and the vibration of the water felt good. Without thinking. I leaned forward a bit so it would hit me better. I closed my eyes.
One of the guys moved spots. Now Kyle could only see me from the shoulders down. He engaged Kyle in conversation so Kyle was looking away from me. Gray pulled me against him. My pussy was no longer pressing against his cock. I let out a soft moan in protest. Instead Gray's hands fell to my pussy above my suit.
He skillfully pressed against it and whispered in my ear, "Cum for me."
I did. Not a mind shattering orgasm, but I came. I opened my eyes and realized all these people had just watched me cum. Not only that, my husband was sitting a few feet from us. I started blushing and I felt hot and flustered. The guy who was engaging Kyle rejoined the conversation, like nothing happened. I didn't know what to do.
Gray made me act. "Ok, I've had enough," he said.
As he stood up he grabbed the strings on either side of my bikini and pulled. As I fell off his lap I completely lost my bikini bottoms. I shrieked and dived for them under water. Everyone, including Kyle, thought it was hilarious and just laughed as they got out of the hot tub.
If you've ever put on a string bikini you know it's not easy. I stood there exposed for at least a minute while I adjusted it and got it back on. All that time I knew people were watching. I had an urge to say, 'The hell with it' and not put it back on, but I didn't.
Gray looked at Kyle and said, "She's got a nice pussy too."
The party broke up after that. Kyle and I got in the car. I was angry at him, also angry at myself. I was angry at myself mainly because I was so turned on.
"How could you let him handle me like that?" I said. His answer stunned me.
"It was kind of hot to watch you," he replied. Then he turned it around, "Why didn't you stop him?"
I didn't want to answer, because I knew the answer. I liked it. I liked being manhandled, I liked being exposed.
Kyle and I didn't talk the rest of the ride home. When we got into bed I laid there for a few minutes. I finally broke the silence with, "He made me cum."
I was expecting rage. Instead his hand reached out and touched my breast. I turned my face and we kissed. We ended up having sex. Actually the best sex we'd had in years. Kyle asked me all about it as we fucked. The whole time I could feel Gray's hands exploring my body. In the morning we didn't talk about it.
The next month we went on a few more rides both with the big group and Gray's friends. Gray acted as if nothing happened. When he paid attention to me I loved it. When he didn't, I was a bit jealous.
There was a big biker rally coming up. When you think biker rally you picture rough biker types drinking hard and fighting. In reality they are like big flea markets for bikers. Lots of gear, toys, and T shirts. There is constant entertainment from bike shows, to bands and dancing. Kyle had never been to one.
Kyle was excited to go. While on another ride we found out there was a small group from the big riding group going up. Kyle Wanted to go so he signed up to go with them.
During that ride we found out that Gray was not riding up with the group but with his friends instead. I could tell Kyle really wanted to ride with Gray rather than the big group. Eventually, he asked Gray if he could ride with them instead of the other group. He had never asked to ride with Gray before. This was a first.
Gray looked at me and said, "As long as you bring your hot wife with you."
Kyle looked at me. I just shrugged. I was curious about the rally, I was a bit concerned about how Gray would be on the ride. Actually I was concerned how I would act towards Gray on the ride. I asked if any other women were riding with him. He said there were 3 other guys riding and one was bringing his girlfriend. I knew who she was. The rally was from Friday to Sunday. I said I'd have to check my work schedule and see.
It was easy to get the days off so Kyle called Gray and told him we were going. I wasn't sure what to wear so I went online to check out pictures of past rallies. The clothes went from women in panties, chaps, and pasties, to full coverage. I noticed most of the attractive women showed a bit more skin. There was a lot of leather. It kind of reminded me of Halloween where you could dress a bit slutty and get away with it. When I told Kyle I wasn't sure I had the correct wardrobe he said we could buy stuff up there.
As we got closer we realized we had a problem. Kyle's bike was set up for a passenger but not for luggage. The luggage he had bought was designed to sit it in the passenger seat. He needed a luggage rack. Typically when bikers want to buy something for their bike they called their friends to get ideas on what they should get. Kyle called Gray.
Gray and Kyle discussed it for a while and Gray told him that rallies usually had great deals on bike accessories and that he should get it at the rally. Kyle reminded him I was going so he needed the room. Gray suggested I ride up with him. He had a bigger bike and plenty of room. Without asking me Kyle said that was a great idea.
When Kyle told me I was not happy. Well, yes I was, but I didn't want to admit it. I asked Kyle if that meant I was on the 'Wife approved' list. We both laughed and guessed I'd made the list.
Gray and Kyle made arrangements. Gray had booked a block of rooms. When rallies occur the room rates jump 300 to 500%. We would have stayed in a different spot, further away and less expensive. Gray told us the rooms were on him.
On the day of the ride Gray met us at our house. We were leaving very early as the ride was 450 miles. The girls heard the bikes arrive and got up to say hi. They'd always liked his company. They noticed the pack on Kyle's seat and asked how I was riding up. I told them I was riding with Gray. They checked out his bike and said it looked super comfortable. They each asked if Gray would take them for a ride sometime.
He looked at me and said, "I think that can be arranged. How can I deny a pretty girl a ride."
Then he took it a bit further.
Don't you turn 18 next month? Let's wait till after that.
The other one chimed in, "I'm 19 you can take me anytime."
We all laughed at the double entendre as we had our coffee. I had a weird feeling.
The other guys showed up. We had coffee and it was time to leave. I grabbed my helmet. Gray strapped it to his bike and told me to use his. His had Bluetooth so we could talk to each other and listen to music. We could also communicate with his friends. Kyle did not have bluetooth.
We headed off listening to music. I could not believe how comfortable Gray's bike was. Compared to Kyle's bike I was riding on a Lazyboy. He explained he had set it up for his wife, but the passenger floorboards were adjustable and he'd set them up for me. I was kind of grateful. After all it was a 450 mile ride and we were doing it in one day.
I settled in and we talked while riding. As usual with Gray the conversation started to turn sexual. Gray asked me if I'd brought any sexy biker wear. I said I didn't have any. He said he'd pick out some stuff for me at the rally.
"Oh?" I asked. "And what kind of stuff did you have in mind?"
"Hmmm," he replied. "Well, we obviously have to show off that ass and great tits."
"So," I continued. " You want me to look slutty?"
"Not just look," he said with a dirty little laugh.
Ok, I knew where this was going, and truthfully I was having fun going along with it.
"So what makes you think I want to be a slut?" I asked.
He was direct. "Let's start with the fact that you let me make you cum in the hot tub."
Well, he had me on that one.
I tried to cover, "I'd had too much to drink. I shouldn't have let you."
"But you loved it," he responded.
I didn't answer.
He pressed again. "But you loved it, didn't you?"
"Yes," I admitted in almost a whisper.
"So slut it is," he said.
I remained silent. I was afraid of what I'd say. The thought of dressing slutty was turning me on. I wondered what he meant by being a slut. I remembered him pulling off my suit bottoms. As I thought about this stuff I leaned forward, put my arms around him, and rested against his back as we rode.
We continued to talk. The conversation lightened up. Gray kept the conversation flirtatious and sexual but I didn't feel like he was pulling my deepest secrets out. Then he asked.
"So what is your biggest fantasy?"
"To be rich and travel with my children," I replied.
He laughed, "Well, I'd take you traveling, but you know what I meant. What do you think about when you masturbate?"
"What makes you think I masturbate?" I asked.
"You're too sexual not to," he replied. "I feel how you react when I hold you."
"Oh," I said quietly. He had a point.
Again he pressed, "So, what is the fantasy?"
The truth is I wanted him to know. I'd never shared my fantasies with anyone. I always wanted to. I told him the story from college.
"Nice," he said. "So you really liked being exposed in the hot tub, didn't you?"
"Yeah," I admitted. "I did."
Then I turned it around. "So what's your fantasy? I'm thinking you've done most."
He laughed, "probably most, but there are always new challenges."
"New challenges?" I asked.
"Yes," he said. My fantasy is seeing how far I can push a woman's sexual limits. Seeing what I can I get her to do."
"Like making a woman cum in your hot tub in front of your guests?" I offered.
"That was fun," he admitted. "But you left out the part that your husband was there, and you still let me."
That gave me something to think about. He's right, that added a level.
"I didn't want to start trouble with him there," I lied.
He saw right through me. "Are you saying you would have stopped me if he had been watching?"
"I might have. We'll never know," I told him. I didn't want him to know that Kyle knew.
"We'll see," Gray said. "There are always new challenges."
I didn't answer. We rode quietly for a while. He broke the silence.
"One of my favorite is cuckolding husbands," he said.
"Sleeping with other men's wives?" I asked.
"No, cuckolding is more than that. It's where a more dominant man takes a man's wife in a way that shows him that the woman is now his," Gray explained.
"Well," I said. He'd probably divorce her. A woman who would do that probably wants out of the marriage anyway."
"Not really," he explained. "Lots of people have affairs and don't get divorced. The cuckold gets off on knowing he is being dominated. The woman often wants to stay in the marriage, maybe for support, for children. Usually she really loves her husband. But the dynamics change whenever the other man is around. When he's around the woman makes sure her husband knows the other man is in charge."
"Would you divorce Kyle if you had let me stick my fingers in your cunt?"
The word kind of shocked me. "Cunt?" I repeated
"Yeah," he laughed. "Slut's have cunts."
I thought about that. It excited me and made me mad. I didn't comment. Then he repeated his question.
I knew I didn't want to leave Kyle. "No, I said. "I wouldn't leave Kyle."
"Would Kyle divorce you if he knew?" Gray asked.
Again that gave me something to think about. When I'd told Kyle that Gray made me cum, Kyle responded by having sex with me. Kyle and I never discussed fantasies. I wondered what his were.
"I don't think so," I said.
We finally arrived at the rally. The plan was to clean up and then explore some of the booths. We headed up to our rooms. We unpacked and Kyle jumped in the shower. My conversation with Gray had me thinking.
We'd only brought Kyle's iPad. I opened the browser. I had only typed in the letters CUC when the browser started anticipating sites I might like from past searches. It was showing me cuckold sites. Not only that, it was showing me the last time they were visited. I just looked at the list. I didn't open them. Just looked.
Kyle got out of the shower and I jumped in. Washed and shaven I got dressed. I brought what I thought would be appropriate. I put on the lowest cut jeans I owned a white tank top and high heel boots. I looked in the mirror. I looked hot, just a little belly showing.
Kyle came out of the bathroom. "Now there's a sexy biker chick," he said. "Let's go meet the others."
We went to the lobby and met the other guys. Gray took a look at me and said, "Not bad, but we need to get you some real biker chic clothes."
We headed down the street. Gray had his arm around me. Kyle followed. We stopped in a few vendor booths. Finally Gray said, " Here we go."
He had a pair of jeans that were cut very low. He also had a leather halter top that zipped down the front. "Go try these on," he said.
I looked at Kyle. He was just watching. He seemed to be looking at me with anticipation. What the hell I thought. They had a changing room. I took the clothes and went to try them on.
First I tried the top on. I realized that I couldn't wear a bra with the top. I took the bra off and put the top on. Zipped all the way up it showed a good deal of cleavage and came down 3 inches above my naval.
I then pulled the jeans on. It was interesting that Gray picked out jeans and a top that fit me. I'd never told him my size. I pulled the jeans on. They were tight. Real tight. They were also really low cut. Even the thong I was wearing was not small enough to be covered. I took the jeans off and removed the thong then I pulled the jeans back on. They barely covered the crack of my ass. Well if I stood still it covered my ass. If I moved the crack of my ass showed. On the other hand. This was a biker rally, no one cared.
I walked out of the changing booth. I stood in front of the group and turned for them. That excitement in my stomach returned. I was showing off. They were all looking at me, I was loving it.
Gray was the first to talk. "Looks good. Top needs something."
He reached out and grabbed the zipper of the halter top. He pulled it down to below my breasts. It fell open a bit. The sides of my breasts were exposed. If I stood up straight it was fine. If I bent over, my nipples showed.
He turned to Kyle. "What do you think? Starting to look like a real biker slut, don't you think?"
Kyle just nodded.
Biker slut? He called me a biker slut. Kyle didn't even flinch. Well, if it was ok with him, I was going with it. We told the girl I was going to wear the clothes out. She took my old clothes and put them in a bag. I reached in and pulled out my bra and thong. I handed them to Gray.
"I couldn't wear these," I said.
Gray looked at them and handed them to Kyle and said, "Looks like our little biker slut is going commando.
We started walking through other booths. As we did Gray had his arm around me. Well, not quite around me. His hand was in the waistband of my jeans fingering the crack of my ass. Sometimes when we stopped walking he would slide his whole hand down my pants and grab my ass. Kyle was walking behind us. Never said a word about it.
It was a fun night. We bought me a few more outfits for the rest of the rally. Slutty enough that men and women turned to look. Not so slutty to get arrested, even at home. During the weekend I often got compliments from both guys and girls on what I was wearing.
We had a few beers, listened to a few bands. The whole night I was hanging on Gray's arm. It was about 1 am when we got back to our rooms. Gray invited us all to his room. We had a 6 pack of beer and headed up.
In the elevator Gray turned me around to face him. He put his arms around me and slipped both hands down my waist band and cupped my ass. "So, did my little biker slut have fun today?" he said.
I nodded. I was afraid to talk. I was loving the attention. It was making me hot. The more I got, the more I wanted. Everyone was watching. I could feel the heat in my pussy. I could feel the wetness on my upper thigh. I could feel their eyes on his hands. Kyle didn't say a word till Gray addressed him.
"Hey Kyle," he said. "Our little biker slut here has one tight ass."
Without even waiting for Kyle to respond Gray said to his friends, "You gotta feel this ass."
He pulled his hands out of my pants. His friends, even the girl, took turns sliding their hands down my pants and grabbing my ass. Given the angle and how tight the pants were it was difficult for them to get their hands down the waistband.
We got off the elevator and stepped into the hall. "Wait a minute," said Gray.
We all stopped. He stepped in front of me and reached for my waistband. I had no idea what he was doing. He unsnapped my jeans, right there in the hall, and then pulled the zipper down. As he did I looked at Kyle. When he saw me looking, he looked away.
"Now that's pretty slutty," Gray said to me.
"You like it?" I replied.
"It's a start," he said. Then to the group. Now you can feel that ass.
They did. Each of them. Even the girl. I loved it. The pants were tight, they weren't falling off me I pushed the jeans down past my ass and wiggled it at them.
We reached the room and all went in. Gray sat on the bed. The guy with the girl friend sat in a chair, his girlfriend on his lap. Kyle sat in a chair. I stood in front of Gray, the other 2 guys behind me. As I stood there I realized that all this was going to go somewhere. I assumed Gray was going to fuck me. Most likely in front of everyone. I had a feeling I was expected to fuck these other guys too. It made me wet thinking about it. Most of my ass was showing.
I thought about the word cuckold. He had just been passive all night. He let Gray take over. He never complained. I remembered what Gray said, about being taken. The wife explaining that she belonged to the other guy.
I looked at Kyle. He had a huge look of anticipation on his face. I gave Gray a kiss and said, "Be right back."
I walked up to Kyle. "It seems that tonight I am Gray's biker slut. I assume he's going to fuck me, and his friends will probably fuck me too. At this point, I want it. I'm not sure I'd stop even if you asked me to. I'm pretty sure this will change our lives. Once I'm his slut, you'll be second. Do you understand? I won't leave you. I still love you and want to be married to you but this is who'll I'll be from now on. You can leave now, and I might follow, or you can accept this new role and be happy.
"Do you want to leave?" I asked. He shook his head. "You know what this means?" He nodded.
The other girl had watched this. She got up and came over to me. Standing in front of Kyle she took the zipper of halter top and pulled it down. The sides came apart. My tits were showing. She looked at Kyle, then she bent over, kissed his cheek, and said, "Good boy. Enjoy, she's going to get the fucking of her life."
The thought of that made me wet.
"Come here you little slut," it was Gray. I walked over to him. "What are your limits?" he asked.
"I honestly don't know," I said. "If you asked me if I wanted to be called a slut or if I was going to fuck you in front of these guys a month ago I would have laughed at you. Now I'm wondering how many of you are going to fuck me and I know I'm going to let you.
"Not only that, but Kyle is now my cuckold. And I have no idea what that's going to mean."
Just then Gray's phone rang. It was his wife. She was on FaceTime. We could all hear her. She asked how the ride was, and what we did. Gray told her it was fine and told her about the day. It was weird standing there ½ naked in front of him while he talked to his wife. I started to feel guilty that I was about to cheat on her with Gray. Gray then told her that they took me shopping for slutty clothes.
"Oh cool," she said. "Let me see."
Oh my god. I'm standing here vest unzipped. Jeans unzipped, I was about to fuck her husband and Gray's wife wants to see me? What's she going to say.
Gray flipped the screen.
"Wow she looks hot," Gray's wife said. "Kinda looks like a slut about to get fucked," she laughed.
Then she said to me, "I knew you had it in you. I want to hear all about it when you get home."
Gray flipped the phone back. I heard her voice. "Where's Kyle?" she asked.
Gray turned the phone to show Kyle sitting in the chair. He brought the phone back to him.
"Nice," she said. "Fuck the little slut good. Then come home and fuck me while you tell me about it. I love you."
"I love you too," he said and hung up.
"Your wife just told you to fuck me?" I asked.
"Yes, she knows my fantasies. She's my slut and wants me to be happy. She's known for a while I was going to fuck you."
"A while?" I whispered.
"Yes, a while," he answered.
I didn't know what to do next.
"Take off the top," Gray said.
I did. He pulled me down on my knees in front of him. "Suck my cock."
I undid his belt buckle and pulled his cock out. I was right. He was big. Not monster big, big. It must have been about 8" long. I could get both my hands on it. The shaft was as thick as the tube from a roll or toilet paper and the mushroom head at least ¾ inch thicker. I'd fucked 4 guys in my life. None had a cock like this. Kyle was about 5"
I remembered the part about making the cuckold realize he's second. "Kyle look how big his cock is. Can you imagine that inside me?"
He just watched. His hand fell to his lap.
I had given blow jobs before, but it had been a while. I still knew how. I was nervous though. I figured Gray had had lots of blow jobs and I wanted to be good at it. I took the tip in my mouth. I could get my lips around it. I clumsily started moving my hands and mouth.
Then the other girl said, "If you can't suck cock decently, you're not much of a slut."
I felt bad. I wanted to please. She just told me I was bad at it. I stopped. I looked at Gray and said, "I'm sorry."
The girl grabbed her boyfriend and sat him next to Gray on the bed. She kneeled in front of him and took out his cock, It was not quite as big as Gray's but still impressive.
As she lowered her mouth around his cock she said to me, "Watch me slut, and learn."
She called me a slut. Well I was certainly acting like one. I couldn't complain. I watched as her hands wrapped around the shaft. She jacked his shaft as her head moved up and down with the same rhythm. I watched as she'd pull it out of her mouth completely and lick it like a popsicle.
"It's your turn slut," she said looking at me.
I started sucking Gray's cock. This time I did much better. He didn't react much. If I had done this to Kyle he would have cum already. Gray actually looked bored.
I wasn't sure what to do. Then I thought of something. I turned to Kyle and said, "Oh my god his cock is so big in my mouth. I'm not sure I'll ever want to suck your 5" cock again."
It was true. After tonight I realized I'd never really want to suck his cock again, not that I had that much, but now there was no point. He'd be happy with anything I gave him.
That brought praise from Gray. "That's it. Suck my cock. Show Kyle what he's going to be missing."
I did my best. I had both hands around the shaft, my lips around the head. I could taste the precum on my lips and tongue. Before, I'd have wiped it away before I even tried to give a blow job. Now I was savoring the taste.
"Mmmmm, I love the way your cock tastes," I said.
"See Kyle," he said. "She's getting good at this."
I didn't stop to see Kyle's reaction.
The Gray said to his friends, "Want to try our little slut's mouth?"
I pretty much expected this. The idea turned me on so much. Still, I'd never done anything like this before. I hesitated and looked at Gray. Instead of comforting me, he said, "Ask them nicely."
Oh god, how slutty was I? He said he'd push my limits, well we'd passed any limit I thought I had and now I was going to ask two guys if I could suck their cocks. I knew I wanted to, and I was going to, I also knew he had not reached my limit yet. It scared me as I did not know what that limit was.
I turned my head and looked at the guys. "Please let me suck your cocks. I want to show Gray that I'm getting good at it."
They each pulled their cocks out and sat on the bed. The other guy went back to his seat with his girlfriend. She was stroking his cock. I knelt between the 2 guys and took a cock in each hand.
I looked at Gray. He was sitting on the bed, his cock rock hard watching me. I returned to the 2 cocks I was holding. Both were bigger and thicker than my husband's. I started jacking them both and turned my head to one. I could see a drop of precum at the tip. I licked it with my tongue. I waited a moment licking my lips. It tasted different than Gray's but I liked it. I then lowered my head over the tip and started to suck him.
I was actually doing a better job with him. His cock was not as big as Gray's so I could get more of my mouth around it. I was feeling proud of myself. I looked at Gray to see if he noticed.
Gray said to the guy I was blowing, "Looks like she is getting pretty good at that."
The other guy said, "Hey give me a turn at the slut's mouth."
I smiled. "Coming," I said. I moved over to his cock.
I kept switching from one to another. The guys talked about me like an object. I was truly wet. I felt like the crotch of my jeans must be soaked.
Then one of the guys said, "Doesn't this slut have another hole we can use?"
I didn't stop. I wanted to be fucked. I couldn't wait till Gray stuck his cock in me. I was picturing Gray fucking me while I sucked these cocks. I was ready.
Gray looked at Kyle, "Why don't you help her out of those jeans?"
I looked at Kyle. He was still sitting. His hand was over the crotch of his jeans. He stood up. I could tell he had a hard on.
I couldn't help myself, "So, are you ready to give my pussy to them? It's probably theirs anyway but it's better that you do this. It will be clear that you let them have me. I think that's important."
The other girl, sitting in her boyfriend's lap said, "That's it girl. You tell him. Tell him who gets that slut cunt tonight."
To Kyle I said, "Get these jeans off me so I can get my slut cunt fucked."
Saying it I almost came.
Kyle knelt behind me and took my boots and socks off.
The other girl said "That's right. Strip the slut."
Kyle then started peeling my jeans off me. I lifted my knees to help him. As I did I wondered how I'd ever fuck him again. I knew I would. He was my husband. I just wondered what it would be like.
Now I was naked, completely exposed. Kyle went back to sit down. I was expecting Gray to get behind me and fuck me. He wasn't moving.
Instead he looked at the other 2 guys. "You want to fuck her first?" he said.
So much was going on in my head. Gray wasn't going to be the first person to fuck me since my husband. It was going to be a guy I didn't know very well. I also knew I didn't care. If Gray wanted the guy to fuck me, I was going to fuck him. I'd already assumed they were all going to fuck me anyway. Last, I was soaking wet and in my mood probably would have fucked anyone. I just wanted to be fucked.
One of the guys stood up, cock sticking straight out, and started to undress. I continued sucking the other guys cock.
I soon felt the guy kneel behind me. He ran 2 fingers up my slit and into my pussy. I shuddered.
The other woman said, "I want to taste."
I lifted my head off the cock I was sucking just in time to see her walk over and suck the guy's fingers clean. My body trembled.
I felt the tip of his cock against my pussy lips. He held his cock and ran the head up and down my lips. I was so wet he was spreading my juices from my asshole to my clit. Whenever he got to my clit he'd rub the tip against it and around it sending jolts of electricity through my body. I moaned around the cock in my mouth. I tried to push my hips back so his cock would enter me, but he kept teasing me. I moaned in both frustration and pleasure.
Gray laughed. "Fuck her already. She's going to forget what she's doing and suffocate on that cock in her mouth."
Everyone laughed.
I looked at the guy and said, "Fuck me, Please fuck me."
The guy slipped his cock into me. I was so wet it slid right in, all the way in. As soon as I felt his hips and balls against me, I came. Hard. My first orgasm from someone other than me or my husband since I got married. It was amazing.
Gray stood up and started to undress. "Don't cum in her please. I want to be first."
"Oh, when did you worry about sloppy seconds?" the guy joked.
"I usually like to be first, after that I don't care," he said. "Maybe, if Kyle lasts that long, he can have sloppy 4ths."
I didn't look to see Kyle's reaction. I was trying to fuck the cock inside of me as much as he was trying to fuck me. Every time he would thrust it would thrust the cock in front of me into my mouth. I finally got a rhythm down. Each thrust sent shockwaves through my body. I had dreamed of being fucked by 2 men. I never believed I'd do it.
Behind me I heard the other woman say, "It's ok, take it out. You can jack off."
I turned to look. She had her boyfriends cock out and was kneeling in front of him, jacking his cock. She was looking at Kyle. I looked at Kyle and watched as he pulled his cock out and started playing with it. The sight of him playing with his cock while watching me fuck made me cum again.
The guy I was sucking said,"Let me try her cunt."
They switched position. The new guy just shoved his cock in me. I was so wet it slipped right in, but I was not expecting it. I thought he'd take his time. They way he did it caused me to cum again. I groaned.
The guy not fucking me said to Gray, "Can I cum in the slut's mouth?"
Gray said sure, "I bet she's never swallowed cum before," and then to me, "Have you?"
The guy already had his hands on my head and was holding it down on his cock. I just shook my head no, and got back to sucking and fucking these 2 cocks. The feeling was intense. With each stroke my nerves were on end, I felt fire in my pussy. I was loving it. I wondered how far I'd let Gray push me. I liked giving up control. What were my limits? I wondered if he'd let more men have me. I wondered what would happen if people found out I was such a slut. I came again.
I felt the cock in my mouth start to stiffen. I'd never really felt this before, but I knew what was coming. I clamped my lips around the tip of his cock and started stroking the shaft. The first spurt hit my tongue and roof of my mouth. At the same time, the guy fucking me thrust hard into me. I came again. The spurts kept cumming. The cock in me almost perfectly timed with the spurts.
I kept swallowing. I almost got it all. Some dripped down my chin. I used my fingers and the back of my hand to clean my face and then licked all the cum off my hand. It tasted great. I wanted more.
Gray said, "My turn."
The guy in my cunt pulled out and stuck his cock in my face. I started sucking him. I felt Gray kneel behind me. The head of his cock pushed my pussy lips open. Even as wet as i was, and already fucked twice, I could feel the size of his cock as it entered me.
He teased me. He just stuck the tip in and not the rest. I kept trying to push back to get the rest into me. He kept pulling back so I couldn't. It was both frustrating and intense. Every once in awhile he'd pull it out and rub that huge head against my clit. He was keeping my whole body on edge. At last he just rammed it in and forced my whole body forward. I came. Hard. Amazingly hard.
I let the cock in my mouth fall out but still had my hand around it. He started to cum. It squirted all over my face and tits. I came again as shot after shot hit me.
I hadn't even caught my breath yet when Gray picked me up and threw me on my back on the bed. He hooked my legs over his shoulders and started fucking me furiously.
I started moaning, telling him to fuck me, telling him I wanted his cock. Out of the corner of my eye I could see Kyle jacking off.
Gray started asking me questions. "Are you my slut? Will you do anything I ask? How much do you want me?"
I was screaming. I'm your slut, you fuck toy, do anything you want with me, fuck me, fuck me.
I felt Gray stiffen. His body spasmed as he came. The hot jets hit against my pussy walls. I came too. I came in waves crashing one after the other. I lay there limp.
The first guy who'd cum in my mouth was hard again. Without saying anything he just climbed on me and started fucking me. I could feel his cock against my cum filled pussy. I felt dirty knowing I was being fucked with a load of cum already in me. I came twice. The second time he came with me, filling my cunt with another load of cum.
The other guy who had cum on my face then climbed on top of me. I had cum drying on my face and tits and 2 loads in my cunt. My mind started racing. I wanted his cum in me. I could feel the cum in me being forced out with every stroke, oozing down my ass and thighs.
I thought about how good it felt, and what that made me.
"God yes, fuck me, fill me up. I'm a cum slut. Give it to me. Give it all to me."
He stiffened and came in me. I only knew he came because I could feel his cock pulsing. I was so full of cum I could not feel his.
He got off me. Gray said, "I'm going to take a shower." Then he looked at Kyle. "Well, she's your wife do you want some?"
I had no idea what Kyle would do. I'm not sure I cared. I loved him and didn't want our marriage to end, but if it did, so be it.
Kyle stood up. I could see his cock was hard. I could also see cum stains on his shirt and pants. He must have cum once already.
"Come here," I said. "Come fuck your wife's cum filled pussy. Come fuck me."
He climbed on top of me and stuck his cock in. I could barely feel it.
As he did I whispered in his ear. I still love you, but I'm a slut now." Then I followed up with, "I saw your browser. Cuckold."
When I called him a cuckold he came.
We lay there for a while in each other's arms. He looked at me and said, "I love you."
"I don't think I'll be his slut forever, "When he's done with me I'll be all yours again."
We just lay there.
Gray came out of the shower. "She can sleep with me tonight."
The others including Kyle got dressed. Kyle was the last to leave. I stood there looking at him. I had cum dripping down my leg and drying on my tits and face. He pulled me to him and gave me a long kiss goodnight.
Gray told him I'd be back in the morning. Kyle said, "Ok," and left.
"What now," I said.
Gray pulled a new toothbrush out of his bag, handed it to me, and said, "Go clean up."
As I showered I thought about the fact he had a 2nd toothbrush. He knew this would happen.
When I was done I came out of the bathroom. I was not sure what to do.
Gray grabbed me and kissed me. He slapped my ass, pushed me on the bed, and straddled me. "Well that was fucking hot."
I giggled.
"How'd you feel?" he asked.
I thought about it. I felt tired. I'd fucked 4 guys and came more times I can remember. I told him.
He laughed, "So you're sorry you did it?"
I wasn't, in fact I loved it. I knew I'd do it again. Again I told him.
"So now what," I asked.
"Now?" he said. "Right now I'm going to fuck you again."
I smiled, "Good, I like to fuck."
We fucked 2 more times that night. They were more playful than the earlier fuck fest. A lot of giggling and laughing. He still called me a slut and a fucktoy, but it was more playful and I playfully agreed.
We fell asleep around 4am. The last thought on my mind was 'how does a 55 year old guy fuck 3 times in one night.'
We slept till 10. Gray told me to go back to Kyle. I kissed him and headed to my room. Kyle was asleep. I took off my clothes and climbed into bed. Kyle turned towards me. He was obviously unsure. I kissed him and rolled him on his back. I straddled him. His cock was hard. I let him slide into me.
"My pussy is still yours when he's not using it," I said.
He lasted about 4 minutes. I didn't feel cheated. There was something comforting knowing that that part had not changed.
About a ½ an hour one of the other guys knocked on our door. I answered it. Kyle was still in bed.
"Hi." I said. "What's up?"
He took my hand and placed it on his crotch. He was hard. "I am," he said.
I was still feeling horny from fucking Kyle.
"Well, Kyle's in the bed," I said. Not quite sure what to do.
He took my hand and led me to the bed. "Hey Kyle," he said. "Move over, I'm going to fuck your wife."
He pushed me down on the bed. I was on my knees, ass in the air, head and chest on the mattress. He got on his knees behind me and started fucking me. He didn't talk to me or to Kyle. He just fucked me. Hard. I loved it. I was just a fucktoy, there was nothing but his cock pounding my pussy.
As he fucked me I looked at Kyle. He was watching. I reached out and took his hand. I pulled back the sheets. His other hand was wrapped around his cock. He was jacking off watching me get fucked. I held his hand, smiled at him and said, "Go ahead my little cuckold, cum while he fucks me."
He did.
We all met after lunch and again did the town. I was pretty much Gray's girl. I was in boots, a tank top with no bra, and a pair of torn denim shorts that showed ½ my ass. There was no waistband so they just zipped up. One of the vendors took a pair of scissors and cut a line from the neck of my tank top to just below my tits. I was showing a lot of belly and a lot of tit.
It was a fun day filled with vendor booths, carnival food, and alcohol. About 10 Gray said we should call it s night. We were going home the next day so he wanted to be on the road early to beat the rush out of town.
As we headed up the elevator Gray looked at Kyle, "I'm going to fuck your wife. Do you want to watch or should I just send her to your room after?"
Kyle looked at me. He shrugged his shoulders and said, "After."
When we got off the elevator and headed towards our rooms, I grabbed Kyle and said, "I'll try to be covered in cum when I get there." He kissed me I headed off with Gray.
Gray and I got to his room. He sat on the end of the bed. "Strip," he said.
I did. As I started stripping he made a phone call.
It was his wife. He had her on FaceTime.
"Hey baby," he said.
"Hi sexy, How's the rally?" she asked.
"Going good. Coming home tomorrow."
"Can't wait," she said, and then she added, "And how's the slut?"
I was standing there naked. I didn't know what to say.
He turned the camera to me. I could see myself standing there naked and her in the corner. It actually looked like she was naked too. I held up my hand and gave a short wave. I didn't know what else to do.
"Well don't you have a fuckable body," she said.
I didn't know what to say. I kind of mumbled, "Thank you."
"Did the guys fuck you good last night?" She asked.
I just mumbled. I had no idea how to answer.
Gray jumped in. "My wife wants to know if you had fun last night, Tell her."
"Yes, I did," I said.
"Tell her the rest," he said.
What the hell I thought. "I loved it," I said. "I've never cum so many times in one night. I loved being a slut for the night."
"Will you do it agaIn?" she asked.
"I think so," I responded.
Gray turned the phone back and started talking to her. As he did he said, "Don't just stand there, suck my cock."
I got down on my knees, undid his pants, pulled out his cock and started sucking on it.
"Let me see," his wife said.
Gray turned the phone. I could see myself sucking his cock. In the corner it looked like she was playing with herself.
"I love you," she said to Gray. "She's making me horny. I'm going to go jack off. Save some of that cock for me when you get home."
He laughed, "I always have cock for you," he said. "I love you."
They hung up.
He stood up and started undressing. I undid his shoes and took off his socks.
When he was undressed he laid me on the bed on my back with my ass at the end of the bed. He pulled my legs open and pressed his cock against me. I was so wet he slid right into me. He started pumping me hard.
"What do you want?" he asked.
"I want to be your slut,"I said. "I want to do what you want me to do. I want to be used the way you want me."
He fucked me. I screamed and moaned. It was amazing. He rolled me on my stomach and continued to fuck me from behind. I fucked back, I came at least 4 times. His body started to stiffen.
"Wait, Don't cum," I said.
"What?" he asked.
"Cum on me. On my tits and belly, even my face. Let me go back to Kyle covered in cum."
He just laughed. "Roll over slut."
I rolled over on my back again. He got between my legs on his knees and started fucking me again.
"Tell me what you want," he said.
"I want your cum. I want it on my tits, on my belly, on my face. I want to be your cumslut. Your cumdumpster. Fuck me. Give it to me."
He pulled out. I felt hot cum hit my belly and my tits. Jet after jet. I came as it hit my nipples.
"Oh my god," I cried.
I lay back and rested.. I had hundreds of questions, none of them I wanted to ask right now.
"I promised Kyle I'd come back with cum on me. I need to go."
He laughed, "Well get your slutty little body out of here. See you tomorrow."
I headed back to my room. If anyone had seen me they'd have seen my shirt sticking to my cum soaked tits and cum dripping down my belly.
When I got to my room Kyle was awake. He was reading something on the iPad and jacking off.
"Is my little cucky jacking off to cuckold porn?" I asked?
He looked at me guiltily. He saw me covered with cum. I undressed and climbed into bed.
"Here, let me read it to you," I said.
I took the iPad. Sitting next to him, covered with cum, I started to read. It was a cuckold story. I watched him jack off as I read. It was weird, but in a strange way it was comforting. He came on his hand. I got a washcloth and cleaned us both up. I kissed him and we fell asleep.