I could hear Hannah come back down the trail before I could see her. After spying on her showering at the falls on Monday, and them finding out she saw me, I didn't really know what to say when I saw her. I had been thinking about it, but came up with nothing. Time to come clean.
She kept running all the way through to my cabin, where I stood on the porch. Hannah stopped and put her hands on her hips, and waited for me to speak.
I took a moment to taker her in before I offered my apologies. Her hair was back in a ponytail, and it accentuated her high cheekbones and forehead. Hannah's green eyes were piercing, but softened when she was talking, and she had little smile creases at her eyes from frequent use. She had raised her eyebrows now, and I could see those eyes start to flare, so it was over to me.
"I am really sorry, Hannah. I just took a guess you would shower at the falls, and it turns out you were. I have no excuses. It turns out I am the psycho you thought I was."
"How did you know I would be there? And why would you suspect I even shower there? I could use the Amenities block?"
"But you didn't, because you have to come past here."
"I could have used the taps at the picnic area?"
"No. Too risky. I often stop there for a dip too. How did you now I was there?"
"Footprints. You left quite an impression in the unmarked track. I didn't know where you were, but I suspected. And then I saw you come out of the Trail about half an hour after me. I hid the car and waited."
"I'm sorry. Really. I didn't think you'd show up, and then when you did... I ..."
"Wanted to watch?" she finished for me.
"Um... yeah. I guess so."
"It's ok. I totally would have done the same thing. And I am kind of pleased to use your shower. As picturesque as the falls are, it is very inconvenient. I can use your shower can't I?"
"Of course. I can't think of how I can pay it back to you."
"We'll think of something," she winked as she came up the steps and grabbed her bag.
"Where's the shower?"
"Well, it's actually outside. There's a big spiral screen down there, follow it round until you hit the shower nozzle."
"Right..." She didn't seem convinced.
"It's fine, you can't see in! Well, the lower half anyway. If I stand on this end of the porch I could see your head maybe? But I won't move from where I am now. Promise."
"Ok. It's that or hiking back up to the falls I guess!" And with that she bounded downstairs and around the corner.
I thought I had gotten out of the situation pretty lightly, and she seemed a forgiving, carefree type. But I remembered what she was like up in the forest that first time I met her. There was an intensity that said Hannah was not a girl to be meddled with.
"Hey James! Where's your soap?"
"Oh, sorry, there is a body wash container on the floor, just come back up the spiral a bit."
"Is this all part of your peeping plan?"
"No!" I tried to defend myself, but I heard her laughing straight away. A few minutes ticked by and then "James!"
"Yes?"
"I forgot my towel, it must be in my car. It's open, could you pretty please get it?"
"Yeah, of course"
I trundled off to grab Hannah's towel, I felt like I was in debt to her somewhat, and was eager to show her how much of a non-pervert I was. It's about 100m to the parking lot, and hers was the only car around. I had a look inside the car, but I couldn't see a towel. Back seat, still no towel. Maybe in the trunk? I tried to find the lever to release the trunk, but it took me a few minutes. It was in the trunk after all.
I was about halfway back when I saw Hannah, stark naked, run out of the shower, up the porch stairs and into the house. I got to admire for the second time her figure in profile, and this time in good light. I couldn't make out much, but she certainly didn't try to cover up as she ran. She bounced along on the balls of her feet, arms swinging by her side, and her petite breasts held high by the muscle tone of her shoulders. Did she know I could see?
I thought maybe a friendly snake had scared her, so I started running toward the house to make sure everything was ok. I called out when I got to the porch.
"Hannah! Are you ok?"
She was just behind the door, probably leaning against it to make sure I didn't come in.
"Yeah. The hot water went off, and I was freezing. What took you so long?"
I walked up on to the porch. And looked through the window. There is a mirror at the back of my one room cabin and it reflects perfectly to the front door. Hannah hadn't noticed because she was making sure I couldn't get a peek from the front.
"I couldn't find the lever. I'll just stand here and pass the towel around the door ok?"
"Ok" It wasn't the first time she had felt vulnerable around me, and it seemed to shorten her sentences.
Meanwhile, I was looking through the window at that perfect ass. It was nearly triangular shaped down to the round part of her hips, and the faintest of creases that separate the thighs. A long length of back between her cheeks and her shoulder blade, and her legs, on tip toes, accentuating the protruding calves.
She took the towel from around the door and turned around. And found me staring back at her, in the mirror, as she held the towel up over her. The towel dropped down between her legs hiding her sex, and her arms were held up over her breasts. But I followed the uninterrupted view from knees, across the bony point of her hips, past her flat stomach to her face. We made eye contact for a second. I couldn't take my eyes away, and just stood, dumbfounded. But Hannah looked down, and ever so casually wrapped her towel around her body.
I saw her turn and open the door, and then I stood face to face with her. My mouth was on the ground as she pushed past me, and she headed back down to the showers to retrieve her clothes.
I had regained some composure by the time she was dressed, and had a soda ready on the porch when she came back upstairs.
""Well that was embarrassing!" she announced on arrival. She had the same summer dress on as last week. She does seem to be a stickler for routine. Hannah flopped down onto the day bed and happily accepted my offer of a soda.
I tried to get off the exposure topic, mostly for my own sake, as I wanted to dispel any thoughts she may have had about my level of weird. We talked about her work as a project manager, and about my environmental work, and discovered we didn't necessarily have to hate each other due to our occupations. It was nice to have a normal conversation, instead of football related ones that were par for the course at the alehouse.
Hannah moved here for work as well, and had been working as a project supervisor for 5 years. She had come to love the town, even though she didn't have many friends. Her training and travelling for competitions seems to have kept her satisfied. As for the men in her life:
"Not a lot to pick from around here. Maybe that's why I keep going to the running comps. There is always something to keep you entertained for a few days."
She asked about me, and I gave her the brief rundown of the marriage breakup, and then moving out here for the work.
"I would like to see you more" I said.
"You've see enough of me already."
I blushed and looked into my empty drink, but she had returned to being the confident wit once she was clothed and in control.
"I mean I'd like to have more conversations.... Ah forget I said anything".
"I've enjoyed it too, every minute of it." Was there some suggestion there, I couldn't tell? "A quick place to shower after my runs would be excellent if you are willing to pump up your water heater."
"I'm sure I can do that" I replied, but was secretly thinking of other ways to have Hannah come running out of the shower.
"I'd better go" Hannah said, and I couldn't think of anything to make her stay as she gathered her things together. I walked her to the car as it was dark now, and she opened the door and threw her bag roughly on the back seat. She bent down to the front driver side wheel ("I leave my keys here"), and protruded that magnificent derrière in my direction. Her dress came up, and I strained to see her panties underneath, but the higher it rose, the more I realised there wasn't much under the summer dress. A half of an ass cheek I could see, so either she was wearing a slip of a thong, or was going al naturale. As she strained to reach her keys, a wisp of hair between her thighs gave away her dress code.
I shook my head out of my reverie as she came up to get in her car, and a quick wave of her hand and she was gone.
My manhood was at half-mast from her key search, and by the time I arrived at my cabin I was straining at my work pants. I peeled off and walked naked down to my spiral shower, flicking the heat boost as I went. I worked myself into a frenzy, with the thought of what was underneath that summer dress just a meter from me while we chatted. I recalled her crossing her legs several times, leaning toward me, and folding her dress down between her legs, inadvertently rubbing her crotch as she did. Was there a message there I wasn't quick enough to intercept? I took my time before I shot my load in the shower, toweled off and walked back into the cabin.
I walked back up the stairs, and was looking for clothes in my dresser when a white note stuck on the mirror caught my eye.
"Now we're even. See you on Friday".
I rushed outside to see the red taillights fade from view.