This story is entirely true.
We are a fit couple who enjoy the outdoors, including nude beaches, with sexual play when the opportunity presents itself. She is 47, I am 52. We are professionals living in the Bay Area of Northern California.
One of our favorite beaches is north of Santa Cruz. The main beach is beautiful, but can sometimes be very windy. There is a sheltered area to the north that affords good protection on windy days. It is separated from the main beach by a rock outcropping. Normally, the sand level is high enough that it's an easy walk over the rocky area.
On this Sunday in late January we found that the northern area was nearly inaccessible. The sand level was so low that the few people brave enough to get over the rocks had to scale down the other side using a rope. It didn't look like there was much space to the north anyway and the day was calm, so we decided to spend our time on the main beach to the south.
The day was calm, but still a bit chilly. I got naked and laid down, but my wife preferred to stay clothed. She just doesn't handle the cold all that well - at least until things heat up a bit.
There were a few people on the beach. Most were clothed and no one was particularly close to us. The closest were a couple of guys down by the water and a woman who walked by on her way out.
We noticed a naked guy sitting far up the steep sandy hill behind us. It's too bad he was so far away. He probably couldn't see too much, but I'm sure he was stroking his cock while contemplating what we were up to. We would have both enjoyed seeing him shoot a nice load for us.
A clothed guy with binoculars was standing on the cliff behind us. He watched us intently the whole time we were there. He probably got in some good stroking while watching our activities.
The only other people we saw clearly were a couple fishing from the cliff far in front of us. The guy fished while the woman sat and enjoyed the view. They didn't seem to have binoculars. If they had, I'm sure she would have noticed our later activities and locked in to get real eye full toward the end of our time on the beach.
I find that lying out naked is erotic. Soon after getting naked, my cock started to get a bit hard. My wife helped this along by subtly playing with my cock until it was throbbing and sticking straight up. At this point I decided that sitting up might be best to keep from being too obvious. I think the guys nearby could tell what we were up to. They couldn't directly see my cock, but could certainly see my wife's arm moving as she stroked my cock.
Stroking my hard cock gets my wife very excited. Since I was sitting there with my cock throbbing and she was stroking me, it seemed only fitting to slide my hand down her pants and play with her clit. She was already getting wet and made sure I got my finger directly on her hardening clit. It didn't take long before she reached her first orgasm.
I suggested that she take off her bra to give me access to her now hard nipples under her sweatshirt. She loves to have her nipples pinched as I rub her clit or fuck her. It always sends her over the edge. Pinching her nipples had the expected affect - she got even hornier. She was in heaven - stroking my throbbing cock, nipples being pinched, and fingers playing with her soaked pussy and rubbing her hard clit. This brought her to several more orgasms, by which point her pussy was literally dripping.
She was hot and clearly wanted more. At one point, she laid down with her head in my lap and sucked my cock while I sat up and continued to play with her. The two guys were still nearby and probably didn't need much imagination to figure out why my wife's head was bobbing up and down in my lap. The guy on the cliff with binoculars had a clear view and could surely see my cock sticking straight up and sliding in and out of my wife's mouth.
The two guys nearby left soon after, reducing our audience to the guy on the cliff behind and the couple fishing from the cliff in front. We love an audience while we play and fuck on the open beach, but don't want to offend anyone who would rather not watch. Clearly, the guy on the cliff was happy to stare at us with his binoculars, so we had few reservations about taking things a bit further.
By this time, we were both so horny that my wife couldn't resist taking off her pants. It was still a bit chilly, but she was so hot that she really needed to be fucked right then. She laid down with her back to me, lifted her leg slightly, and guided my cock into her from behind. The couple fishing would have had a clear view of my cock sliding in and out of my wife's soaking pussy if they were a bit closer. They probably still could tell from our positions and leg movements that we were mostly naked and fucking in clear view of anyone who cared to watch. The guy with binoculars couldn't help but get hard and shoot a big load as he watched us fuck out in the open on the beach.
Combining all the stroking, sucking, my wife's multiple orgasms, and the wonderful feel of her soaking pussy sliding over my cock had its affect pretty quickly. I couldn't help but come quickly, shooting a nice load into her pussy and sending her over the edge again.
But my wife was still horny. She laid back and masturbated her now bare, wet, and cum-loaded pussy with our mini vibrator. A couple more orgasms followed as she laid there with her knees up and legs spread facing the ocean. I couldn't resist taking a few pictures of her rubbing herself and moaning in pleasure.
By now it was getting late and a bit too cold, so we headed back home.