AUTHOR'S NOTE:
For all who have been waiting a long time for this my apologies, my life got a bit busy. Fair warning for the inevitable horde of morons: This is a work of fiction. No, she is not my actual wife. For those who seem to confuse the Loving Wives section with Romance -- you might want to give this a skip (but if you want to read it anyway and get offended, leaving shrill insults in the comments, be my guest). For new comers to this nascent series, I would recommend reading part one first.
*
It was a surreal drive home. I was physically drained, the rush of our quick hard fuck had dissipated and my body was feeling languid and relaxed, yet a hard rock of excitement was bubbling up in my the pit of my stomach, enough to start breathing life back into my cock, as I contemplated the exquisite site of my just-fucked wife sat beside me. She was decadently disheveled; the thin strapless summer dress, bright red and a size too small, clung tight to her body, still sweat-slick from our car park session. Her long raven hair was hanging loose around her small pretty face and there was a faint trace of my cum across her high, rosy cheekbones where she had run my spent cock across her face when licking me clean. As I took our exit off the motorway the though ran through me again, like a shiver.She is full of my cum.
Each traffic light heralded a heady mixture of torturous delay and breathless anticipation. We had already had a trucker, bald and fat, leer openly from his elevated vantage point down to our low profile sports car, staring at the bra-less cleavage of my blue eyed wife. I had expected Katie to tut in disapproval, to wind up the tinted window and pass a comment about how disgusting truckers were. Instead she had just looked over to me smiled wickedly and said
"Looks like that was £500 well spent, even the apes seem to like it!" My sudden and confusing spike of desire left me speechless and unable to process the price, which was just as well. Nothing kills the mood faster than a man choking to death trying to say "How much?" Although in truth I was distracted by something more astonishing. Katie, grinning, pulled the hem of her dress higher, exposing vast tracts of her flawless thighs. I shot her a questioning and admiring look, eyebrow raised and she laughed and blew me a kiss then pointed to the road, which I had been ignoring.
The next traffic lights drew near. Who might draw alongside? My heart was hammering and my cock began to stiffen. Jesus, when did random strangers staring at my wife suddenly become so exciting? When did my wife become this woman sat next to me? A glance in the mirror told me that a people carrier was pulling up alongside. My hands were trembling. The car pulled just ahead of ours, the driver was a middle aged plump woman who did not even glance in our direction. Katie glanced over to me and pouted, which dispelled my disappointment instantly as it was a clear signalYes, I am playing this game.
Tires squealed in my rush to reach the next set of lights, the last set before home. As we sat there we grinned at each other stupidly. A grey Volvo pulled up. Inside was an a grey haired man that I instantly recognized as Peter, who was the director of the local dramatic society that Katie had been involved in. I remembered Katie muttering something to me about auditions for a new production. I sow Katie go stock still with shock at recognizing him. Peter seemed to take an age to look over, his head swining in slow motion and his eyes resting on Katie's legs, widening, and then tracking up to her chest then finally her face, which had now gone bright red in embarrassment. After a long moment Peter visibly started as the shock of recognition hit him. I expected him to flush with embarrassment at his obvious lechery but to his credit he kept his cool, smiled and waved at Katie, who could do nothing but wave back. As we pulled away Katie dropped her head in her hands and I couldn't resist adding:
"Bet that makes your next audition easier."
She barked a laugh and playfully punched me in the arm. She was embarrassed, but excited - which was interesting. My cock was now rock hard, pressing uncomfortably against my trousers. I shifted in my seat and Katie glanced down, noticing the bulge. She smirked and reached over to squeeze it, sliding closer and whispering in my ear, rubbing my cock as she spoke.
"Did you see how he looked at me? Before he recognized me I was just some hot meat for him to fuck. Now when he sees me that image will always be there, lurking behind his eyes. The fact that he has eye fucked me".
I moaned, delighted at the shocking, lurid, language coming from my prim wife. Too soon, our drive way appeared and we pulled up.
Once in the house I struggled up the stairs with the shopping and Katie made her way to the kitchen, pouring herself a glass of merlot and a lager for me. I could hear the party next door, the faint sound of classic rock mixed with murmurings of conversation. Glancing out of the window I could see John, back from the shopping center, talking to a tall well built young man who was tending the smoking barbeque -- that must have been Eric. A could make out a few other people, none of whom were familiar. I cantered down the stairs and took the cold beer from my sexy wife's hand, noticing that she had already pounded down her wine. As I gulped down I felt her small hands once again wrap around my stiff cock. I grabbed the back of her neck and pulled her face in for a long kiss and felt one of her hands sneak into my boxers and cup my balls.
"Shall we skip this party then?" I asked, my hands roaming down her back. She sighed.
"No, we better not, you know how John has been dying to show Eric off to us." I groaned in frustration and Katie grinned, a glint in her eye. "Tell you what; I'll make it up to you. Naughty Katie can stay out to play for a while longer."
"Done." I said quickly. She smiled and took my hand, leading my up to the bedroom, her perfect ass swinging in front of me with each step, delicious and enticing in the sheer red material. As she entered the bedroom she pulled down the dress, which pooled around her ankles leaving her naked body exposed. She threw a look over her shoulder in a glamour girl pose and pranced over to her wardrobe like a cat-walk model, her firm ass and tits bouncing. I ached with desire but forced myself still. Once in front of the wardrobe she stopped and turned to me pulling her most innocent looking face.
"Will hubby help me choose some underwear?" I was over in a flash, rummaging through her draw like a crazed pervert. Finally I found what I was looking for, a tiny laced thong, sheer black with frills. I handed it to her and found the matching bra. She elegantly slipped on the thong and then turned for me to help her with the clap of the bra. Once done she bent from the waist and reached into the bottom draw for her stockings and suspenders, giving me a achingly lovely view of her perfect, thong covered ass. How I restrained myself from throwing her on the bed and fucking her senseless is beyond me. I stood mute, watching as she pulled on the stockings and fastened them, thinking how beautiful and slutty she would look. I watched as she padded over to her dresser. She noticed me and caught my eye in the mirror.
"Don't stand there and gawp! Go shower!" she glanced down at my crotch and added "maybe a cold one."
I took her advice. A few moments later I emerged, towel around my waist and saw that Katie had slipped the dress back on and was nearly ready. She looked stunning and sexy. She was outrageously overdressed for a casual barbeque and looked more than a little like an escort. All of this pleased me in a new and, if I am honest, a slightly disturbing way. She looked me up and down and wolf whistled, appreciating the gut wrenching hours I had been putting in at our gym. My spin class instructor Lisa's super tight lycra shorts were probably responsible for at least half of my emerging six pack. I threw on some clothes and grabbed a couple of bottles of wine from our fridge. I heard Katie clomping down the stairs after me and in a moment we were out the door and making our way over to John's.
Another strange and erotic moment; knocking at John's door, as we had done countless times before, stood on his ragged mat, shouting 'Welcome!' to muddy feet, except this time, my wife was stood next to me dressed like a hooker, her cunt still full of my cum. I struggle to keep myself flaccid.
John's youngest daughter answered the door, Cynthia, down for the summer from her university; she was short and pudgy but a joy to be around with a sharp wit and a warm demeanor.
"Oh, you made it!" she glanced at Katie, eyes widening slightly, "are you guys got another party or something?" she asked tentatively. Katie seized on the opportunity.
"Oh, we thought we would hit a club after this, but you know how Dan is at waiting for me to get ready...." I nodded sheepishly, thinking how terribly thin the story was. Clubbing? We hardly did that when we were students...
Thankfully Cynthia swallowed the line, her face brightening. "Oh that's great! You should take Eric. He is going nuts with boredom. Apparently all of his old friends are either bankers or still in Basra...." She kept up a constant prattle which I ignored as I watched my wife squeeze past me through the doorway. I gave her ass a hard squeeze as she passed me by and followed the girls into the main living room.
As is normal with these kinds of events there was a strange mix of people. I spent a few moments introducing myself to a bunch of strangers, all of which gawped at my wife. Katie was charm incarnate, laughing and joking with total strangers with an ease which I envied. Someone had conjured us a couple of drinks and soon we were in the spirit of things.
I soon got into a conversation with one of the men I knew from a village cricket match I had participated in when I noticed that Katie had managed to attract a semi circle of young men around her, all of which were trying very hard to simultaneously stare at her chest while looking like they were really engaging in intelligent conversation.
"Katie looks lovely today." James commented, before burying his face into his pint, drips falling off his beard.
"Yeah, cost a lot though" I said, trying to cover my intense stare. Did I look jealous? Or approving? What was worse?
"Worth it." Came James's reply. I laughed. Always liked James, he was a no nonsense bloke.
John found us after a while and dragged Katie and I out to meet Eric.
"Eric! Meet the Mr. and Mrs. Williams from next door." Eric was huge. At least six foot four and built like a militarized out-house. His hand fairly crushed mine. He had a large, square jaw and short cropped blonde hair and sharp blue eyes. After I shook his hand Katie stepped up and I was struck at the contrast between the two, with Katie being so tiny. He completely towered over her and she had to step up on her tip toes while he had to bend for her to plant a couple of kisses on his cheek in a surprising 'continental' greeting. It did not escape my notice that no one else at this party had got that treatment.
Eric turned out to be an intriguing young man. Twenty two, he had just come back from a tour of Iraq with the Royal Marine commandos. He was evasive about his time out there and we didn't press him, but we gathered that he was having trouble being a civilian again, at least until he went back out, which he expected to be in three or four months, after a few weeks R&R and a lucky posting at a base not too far away. Struggling for things to say to him, I remembered that John had mentioned something about a girlfriend, years back when we were just getting to know each other, and I carelessly asked him where she was. He smiled thinly at me and told me how he had got a 'Dear John' while in Basra and hadn't met anyone since, seeing as he knew so few people back here and Iraq wasn't exactly a great place for finding love. There was an awkward silence. I could see a look of compassion on Katie's face and thankfully she changed the subject deftly, asking Eric if he was a Rugby player, squeezing his huge biceps, already convinced. He laughed and said he played inside center, which was what I played as well. I told him that I prayed to every god that I didn't face him on the field and the tension was dispelled.
As the afternoon turned into evening on we got steadily more smashed. Katie had put away the better part of a bottle and a half of wine and I was about seven pints in (again, Jesus maybe I had a problem). I found myself losing track of Katie who had been talking and, it seemed, flirting with young Eric. The booze had loosened her up some more and she was in great form, joking and laughing, touchy and affectionate. She was still causing a bit of a scene wherever she went. All the men present were almost constantly staring at her assets and as the evening wore on and inhibitions waned, this only got worse.
After a while someone decided to play DJ and plugged in an iPod, turning the volume right up. This got the crowd going and soon we found ourselves cutting shapes on the dance floor. Katie sought me out and we spent a few numbers dancing together, her slender body sliding up against mine while I stole the occasional kiss into her hair or against her neck, which drew wolf whistles from the others. I lasted until the inevitable Greece mega mix, to which I refused to dance on point of principle. Katie pouted at me and put her hands on her hips in the classic tee-pot pose, her face one of comic disappointment. She need not have worried - Eric, who had not been dancing at all until this point, swept in and set her twirling, his huge hands engulfing hers as he spun her around. I grinned and stumbled off to find another beer.
On my way to the bar I ran into James again and got distracted into a conversation about the impending test series. I lost track of time in the intricacies of our arm-chair cricket wisdom and missed the fact that the music had changed to a few slow numbers. Quite by chance I shifted position and looked over James' shoulder, to see Katie slow-dancing with Eric, her small body pressed up against his muscular frame. The contrasts between the two were an erotic vision: her petite stature against his towering bulk, her dark, long hair matched against his cropped blonde, her vivid red designer dress pressed up against his navy blue casual jeans and tight tee-shirt.
I love Cricket more than most things, but suddenly the lack of 'real' fast bowlers seemed much less interesting than it had a minute or two previously. The supercharged lust of earlier seemed to rocket back into me. The number ended and they pulled apart, Eric wondering over to his father and Katie making a bee-line straight for me, her eyes dancing. I excused myself from James and intercepted her halfway. I opened my mouth to speak but she cut straight across me in an intense whisper:
"You need to go to the toilet, now!" I stared at her, mouth agape, not understanding. She pulled up against me and rose on her toes, whispering in my ear "I'll be there in two minutes, I'll knock four times."
It was the longest two minutes of my life, excitement building in me as I waited in the small cramped toilet. After an eternity, four knocks. I cracked open the door and Katie whirled in, her mouth seeking mine in a frenzy. I felt her tongue slide in and matched her for intensity, my cock rearing up like a cobra. Katie grabbed it and pushed me down onto the toilet seat and started working on the zipper.
"What's got into you?" I asked wonderingly, as she released me and started stroking the length, on her knees in our kindly neighbor's house.
"Mmmm, I'm just horny and we never picked up where we left off, did we?" She smiled up at me, her face angelic and her hands full swollen meat. I felt the slick caress of her tongue as she took me in her mouth I thrust my hips forward in pleasure.
"Oh, fuck. Not that I am complaining or anything. Jesus. But something has set you off." Katie was making slurping sounds as she engulfed my cock, working it deeper and faster.
"Does it matter?" she asked when she came up for air, her blue eyes resting on mine, her fist still pumping.
"It's just that I want to bottle it up. Oh fuck that is good. So I can use it when you have headaches," she stuck her tongue out at me and then took my balls into her mouth, which she never did. I nearly cried with pleasure, her tongue tracing small circles.
Katie then stood up, hiked up her dress about her hips and straddled me, sliding my cock deep inside, the flimsy thong shoved to one side. She rode me hard, her ass moving in a blur and she brought her mouth up to my ear, speaking in hot whispers, punctuated by grunts and the lewd sounds of fucking.
"Promise you won't get jealous?" she breathed. I nodded, grinding into her as hard as I could, "when I was dancing" she continued, the slapping sounds of flesh on flesh getting louder "when I was dancing with Eric," my heart started beating double time and our fucking increased in pace, Katie moaned as a wave of pleasure broke over her. "When we got up close and he held me, I think he got a bit excited." I grabbed the back of her neck, forcing her whole body down onto my cock in savage thrusts, feeling every inch of her. "I could feel ......urgh, oh god!....I could feel....his cock ....against my belly. Oh fuck sweetie I am going to cuuuuuuuum." And that was too much for me and I erupted. Pumping cum deep inside her for what felt like an age, reveling in Katie's involuntary spasms as she climaxed, and I was grunting deep and loud like a caveman, an animal.
I nearly blacked out I was so spent. When I finally opened my eyes, breathing deep, Katie was whimpering on my shoulder, my cock still buried deep but shrinking. We sat there for a minute, gloriously entwined before we began to move. It dawned on both of us how loud we had just been and we caught each other's eye and giggled.
"Music is quite loud," I whispered, hoping it was true. Katie stood, straightening her dress with a little shimmy and gave me a nonchalant shrug then re-arranged her hair looking in the mirror. I tucked myself back in my trousers and rolled my shoulders. I needed a beer.
"I'll go first," Katie announced and she cracked the door open a fraction, peering suspiciously out. Satisfied, she swung the door wide and strode out....straight into Eric who caught her in an embarrassed hug as she tripped into him.
"Oh, Katie -- er, was just hitting the men's room." He stammered as Katie laughed and slowly righted herself. Sheepishly I made my way out of the toilet and gave Eric a smile, laughing and nodded at my wife.
"Dress problems." I said, straight-faced, as if that explained it. He nodded and moved into the toilet. Katie gave me a wide eyed look and was clearly thinking the same think as I was:How long had he been out there?Or maybe it wasHow much did he hear?
Even though I was pretty spent, the next hour was an erotic thrill. Katie was charming, flirtatious and affectionate. She danced with James, John and Eric again -- her pussy full of sperm the whole while, her body screaming out the fact that she had just been fucked. I dove straight back into the beers as the fuck session had sobered me up. I lost track of Katie after a while as she stuck to the 'dance floor' with a few other die hard couples and I moved from conversation to conversation, feeling relaxed and content and thoroughly enjoying myself. A while later and the music shifted again to slower romantic songs.
I was chatting away to Cynthia when I noticed that John, her father, our old kindly neighbor, was dancing with my wife and seemed to have his hand on her ass, wrongly assuming, I suppose, that the light was bad enough to hide it. Katie didn't seem bothered and was pressed up against him pretty tight, eyes closed, her head resting in the crook of his neck.
I was horrified at the scene that might emerge if Cynthia saw her father's lechery so I quickly asked her if she wanted to go outside for a while "to look at the stars". Pretty lame, but I was deep in my beer and it sounded pure genius at the time. Luckily she agreed and we made our way outside where a group of smokers congregated in what looked like a society of mutual loathing for non-smokers. One of them was a university friend of Cynthia's and she called her across just as entered the garden. Once glance at the completely overcast skies convinced us of what a crap idea it was to stargaze and we wandered over to join them.
I then suffered through a completely boring and inane twenty something girl student conversation, which I refuse to relate to another human being. I stomached as much of it as I could and made my excuses and left, heading back to the house where, soulful sad melodies were still blaring out.
I was surprised to see Katie still dancing with John and saw that the sly old dog had swapped hands and ass cheeks. Fleetingly I wondered at my lack of incandescent rage and jealousy. I used to be terribly jealous, when I was younger -- flying off the handle at the most innocuous things -- but that seemed to have mellowed out of me. I felt secure, safe. Nothing and nobody would stop Katie loving me, our relationship was granite, unconditional. I felt that with deep certainty then and smiled, reminding myself at what a lucky bastard I was.
The song ended and the finally separated, Katie saw me and came over, her face beaming.
"Hey you! Where have you been? I've ordered us a taxi, should be here in a couple of minutes."
"Katie, we live next door." She laughed and slipped into my arms for a kiss.
"No silly, we are going to that new club in town. Eric is coming too. Poor thing is bored out of his mind at home, said we would show him a good time, get his mind off the war." I nodded, pretty much shocked to my roots. A club? I doubt Katie had been in a club more than three times in her life. She thought going to be at 11pm was late. I thought it was a clever excuse for the dress but....well, you have to roll with the punches in life.
As it turned out, we timed our exit at the same time as everyone else. Our taxi arrived just as the last of the guests were saying their goodbyes and making excuses as to why they could not join us.
The taxi ride was silent and sexually charged. Katie sat between Eric and me and was being 'eye fucked' by the scumbag looking taxi driver through the rear view mirror. Soon we were into the nightspot in town and were surrounded by the usual anti-social behavior crowd of fighting drunken guys and scantily clad girls.
The club was fairly standard fair: loud, dark, with extortionately priced drinks and was suitably seedy. Katie dragged the two of us straight to the dance floor and we spent a few drunken numbers packed into the meat market and bumping into other party goers, all of which looked too high to even notice we were there. After the fourth or fifth song Eric excused himself and went in search of the bar and Katie and I danced together, up close and racy. I grabbed her ass and drew her in. She spun around and writhed against me, her back against my chest and I whispered in her ear.
"Don't lead the poor kid on too much, blue balls are just cruel." She wriggled her hips against me then replied.
"Who says I'll leave him with blue balls?" she grinned wickedly and spun away from me. I looked at her and shook my head mouthing "tease."
The music then changed to a Latin mix of salsa, mambo and the like. Eric returned and I took my cue to head to the bar myself, not being a fan. The queue at the bar was horrendous. I elbowed and cajoled myself to the front only to be ignored several times by the bar staff, all of which looked too young to even be in the club. I sighed to myself, remembering how I used to pride myself on my bar presence in my youth. After a couple of songs I thankfully got served and I fought my way back to our spot on the dance floor, where I saw Eric and Katie grinding together vigorously in a risqué mambo. To be fair to the kid, he was a good mover for one so large. I sipped at my beer and watched them for a while, noting how Katie was straddling his huge thigh and how far up this hiked her dress.
"Fucking gorgeous isn't she," a male voice said to my right.
"Excuse me?" The guy looked like an extra lost from the set of Trainspotting.
"Her in the red dress -- fucking lovely." I grinned at myself and took another swing.
"Yeah, would love to be taking her home," I replied, proud of my drunken 'wit'.
"Yeah, me and all. Too bad she is with Conan there eh?"
"Who, Eri...the guy she is dancing with?"
"Yeah, lucky bastard has had his hands all over her. So better keep your gawping sly, wouldn't want to argue with him now would ya?" I nodded in agreement and the man walked off, probably to sell drugs.
I watched them dance for a long while after that. It soon became clear that the strange and repulsive man was right. Eric had his huge hands all over Katie's ass as they danced. He would spin her out wide to the length of his arm then reel her in and she would hold her body against him, her ass against his thighs and his hands roaming up her body and brushing her breasts. I watched this in silence, my horniness increasing with each moment. They got bolder and more brazen. Eric openly groped Katie's breast and I thought I saw her hand snake down between his legs for a moment.
I chose that moment to re-introduce myself to the equation, coming up behind Katie and sandwiching her between Eric and I, where she danced wantonly until the music changed to techno.
My memory of the club goes hazy at this point as I was pretty wasted. I have small flashed of recollection. I remember dancing with a young blonde girl, up close and personal, and maybe I kissed her or maybe I didn't. I remember seeing Katie dancing with a strange man, his hands full of her ass and his face buried into her neck, like a vampire -- but no sign of Eric.
Finally I sobered up a little and my memories come back into focus. I remember finding Katie and Eric dancing once more, this time little more than swaying to the music while pressed up against each other. They saw me and wandered over and we then retired to a booth where Katie sat between Eric and I and ordered drinks. Katie then slid up to me and whispered urgently in my ear.
"Sweetheart. Don't be angry. This is just a bit of fun. He is a sweet guy and he is so lonely and...." I put a hand aginst her lips and whispered back.
"Have fun." She smiled then, her face pure happiness and said to me, intense as I have ever seen her:
"I love you."
After that she slid up to Eric and started whispering to him, her hand on his arm. The music was too loud for normal conversation so I left them too it, drinking deep from the cocktail that arrived. Soon the music changed again and Katie dragged Eric out to the dance floor once more. I left them too it and did some people watching for a long while, my drunken haze deep enough to make staring at other drunk people sort of interesting.
Later, I must have got bored of that as I stumbled up to the dance-floor again and saw Katie and Eric stood stock still on the dance-floor, lips locked in a passionate kiss. Her hands were cupping his crotch and he was pulling her in tight. My cock ached with pressure.
I stumbled back to my booth and slumped down, ordering some water to try and sober up. Time passed. Finally Katie and Eric returned, hand in hand. Katie walked up to me and said
"Let's get a cab home," I nodded and followed them out, noticing that they still held hands.
The taxi-ride home was sexually charged but not boring in the slightest. Katie and Eric were all over each other, passionately kissing and groping with me sat next to them. The taxi driver nearly crashed several times trying to peek at the action as Eric grabbed one of Katie's tits out of her dress.
As we pulled up Katie jumped over Eric and dragged him towards our house, leaving me to pay. The taxi driver was smirking the whole while, another priceless story for the boys down at the pub for him. I heard Katie fighting with the front door key as I counted out the money and then they were through. By the time I got my change and headed into the house Katie had already dragged Eric into the living room and had put on some music.
As I walked in I saw Eric seated in my chair and Katie stood over him, dancing. She looked up at me as I walked in and said.
"Husband dear, it looks like I lost a bet. Seems that this solider boy gets to tell me what to do for a whole night." She bit her lip at that and looked at me, seemingly for direction.
"What was the bet." I managed to croak, moving further into the room.
"Well...." She said, swaying slowly to the music "I bet him that his cock was smaller than your big boy." I almost choked. "But then I felt it on the dance floor and I was wrong. So this is my forfeit." She looked again at me, asking permission. I nodded then asked:
"So what has he asked you to do?"
"Oh, he wants me out this dress," She laughed, "and to do it slow." With that she turned away from me and her dance became more sensual. She swayed and moved with the music with a sweet abandon I had never seen from her. Slowly, torturously, she pulled down the top of her dress, exposing her bra. My heart pounded and I sat on the edge of the seat next to me, transfixed. I moment later and she was stepping out of the dress. The wicked dress that had brought us here, would the spell be broken now it was off her? Not a chance.
She now stood before us in her tiny, frilly matching thong and bra and stocking and suspenders. Her gorgeous athletic body lit up by the soft lamp light as she writhed in her heels, playing a game with this young man, this stranger, that was so beyond her normal personality that I could hardly believe it. What sex goddess had replaced my wife?
She ran her hands up and down her body, exploring her breasts, the cure of her thighs and the roundness of her ass as Eric watched, silent and unmoving, eyes burning with desire.
Slowly she reached up behind her and unclasped her bra, letting it fall to the floor and releasing her gorgeous breasts, exposed for the first time since her marriage to any man but me. She moaned as she rubbed her nipples brazenly. I unzipped my pants and pulled out my cock, unable to resist touching myself any longer.
I heard Eric speak then. All he said was "Suck me."
Katie gasped and swiveled around to look at me, briefly. When I said nothing she turned back to Eric and sunk to her knees. She crawled over to him and started undoing his trousers. I was almost hyper-ventilating with what I was seeing. Should I stop this?
Too late, Eric threw his head back in pleasure as Katie pulled out his enormous tool. I moved across the room for a better view and saw how her small hand struggled to fit around it. She stroked it slowly, a look of awe on her elfin face.
"Suck it." Eric repeated, with impressive command. If I had been him, with another man's wife about to blow me, I would have taken what I got and been thankful, fearful of pushing too hard.
Katie moaned as she continued to jack him off, pulling his trousers down over his ankles. Then she slowly took him into her beautiful mouth. It was quite a sight to behold. My sexy, conservative wife on her knees, her ass sticking out in just a thong, suspenders and stockings, sucking on a monster cock in the middle of our living room. We had entertained Eric's parents here. John had sat in the very chair. Eric grunted and put his hands behind his back, and gazed down as Katie got to work struggling valiantly to stuff as much of his huge dick into her mouth and throat as she could manage.
The CD clicked off, leaving the sounds of Katie's blowjob echoing around the room. I started to wank my cock harder, not wanting to blink and miss a second of this erotic dream. Katie could only manage about half of his cock before she began to gag. She fucked her mouth on his cock repeatedly and I watched as she looked up into his eyes as she did so, her beautiful tits swaying underneath her. At one point she took his massive balls in her mouth and jacked his cock off above her head. After a few minutes of being pleasured by her mouth Eric piped up again:
"Fuck me with your tits." Katie didn't even hesitate, pushing her tits together and wrapping them around his huge member. She tweaked her nipples as she fucked him, her tongue catching the tip on the up thrust each time. Before long he was ready to cum and my wife began a filthy commentary:
"Are you ready to cum big boy? Where would you like to cum? On my face? In my mouth? Do you want your neighbors' wife to swallow your sperm?" Jesus, where had she heard these things? Had she found my porn stash and not told me?
Unsurprisingly, this sent him over the edge and he just managed to grunt "mouth" as he exploded, the first rope of cum splattering against Katie's cheek. She managed to get her mouth around his cock then and her cheeks billowed with the huge wad being deposited there. She moaned as he filled up her mouth then swallowed in one, taking down a belly full of stranger sperm. This pushed me over the edge and I started to masturbate furiously, which Katie noticed. Quick as a flash she stood and strode over to me and deposited herself on her knees in front of my cock.
"In my mouth love, cum for me," I obliged and filled her mouth again, my mind exploding in fireworks as she wrapped her lips around and sucked me dry.
"Fuck that was hot." I said as Katie finally finished milking me.
"Mmmm...but the night is young." Katie replied, sauntering over to Eric and kneeling in-front of him, once again. "What now master?" She asked, her face as innocent as she could manage.
Eric started at her, unable to believe what he was seeing. He pulled her up off her knees and into his lap and they began to kiss again, with passion, tongues exploring. After an age of this he pulled her higher and engulfed her left breast, Katie gasping in pleasure, her eyes seeking mine then winking. He mauled her tits for a few minutes then said, voice thick and rough:
"Upstairs." Katie stood and led him by the hand up the stairs, his huge cock swinging with each step. I followed them into our bedroom where Eric clambered into the bed and placed his hands behind his back.
Katie crawled up into the bed after him and immediately got to work on his cock with her mouth, sucking the monster to full hardness again, her head bobbing up and down. Unsurprisingly, with my wife's tender ministrations, he was hard as a rock within minutes. Without a word being spoken, Katie then stood and stepped out of her thong, naked, but for her stockings, for the first time in front of a stranger since our marriage. She quickly straddled Eric and lowered herself slowly onto his huge shaft. The moment of penetration was exquisite and is forever burned in my memory.
I watched as her small, athletic frame slowly impaled itself. I watched as her face broke into a picture of pleasure, her back arching. I stared, amazed as she slid further and further down this young man's cock, until finally she held him fully inside her, his huge balls resting against the base of her ass. Slowly she began to ride him, pulling out almost completely and lowering herself down again. She was groaning with pleasure as she picked up speed, multiple orgasms shuddering through her body as the sounds of their fucking filled the room. I was rock hard again and began to stroke myself in rhythm to the gentle slaps of his heavy balls hitting the bottom of my wife's ass. They seemed to fuck like this for an age. Katie was bouncing ever faster, her tits swaying and sweat was dripping off her back, her body tensing periodically as she reached climax after climax on the young stud under her. Finally, she wore herself out in her wild reckless abandon and they switched places.
Eric tore off his sweat drenched shirt, revealing a massive ripped torso. Her threw Katie on the bed and began fucking her missionary, driving deep into her with huge powerful, merciless thrusts. Katie wrapped her legs around his waist at first, then his shoulders as he ploughed ever deeper. She was babbling now, a constant stream of:
"Oh fuck, fuck me deep! Harder! Sweetheart it's so big! Oh fuck!" which was roughly in rhythm with the pounding of the bed-head against the wall. Eric was a machine, seemingly possessed of limitless stamina. He hardly slowed down for what seemed an eternity, his ass a blur as he smashed into my diminutive wife, who shuddered in orgasm once more, then began to beg.
"Let me taste it! I want to suck it! Let me suck it!" Eric stopped his assault and moved his hips up her body, her legs still pinned to his shoulders and brought his cock up to her mouth. I heard slurping noises and Katie devoured his meat then watched as he began to rock his hips and fuck her mouth. Katie's hand snaked down to her pussy and she began to rub her clit as Eric worked deeper. It was the most obscene and erotic thing I had ever seen.
I was furiously tugging on my cock by this stage, my balls churning and my belly a mass of erotic fire. Eric then flipped her over once more, and started to fuck her doggy, her face towards me. Katie's eyes were closed and she bit on her lower lip as he slid into her, quickly establishing a punishing rhythm. Her eyes opened and had a glazed, drunken quality to them. She stared directly into my eyes as Eric pounded away behind her, his muscular frame covered in a sheen of sweat.
"Come to me baby," Katie moaned, reaching out to me with one hand as Eric picked up the pace once more. I walked over as in a trance, my cock rigid steel in front of me. Katie grabbed it as soon as I was in range, stuffing it into her mouth with a moan of pleasure.
Thus began our first threesome. I stood still and enjoyed the rhythm Eric set, thrusting my wife up and onto my cock repeatedly. I lasted longer than I thought I would, but eventually I lost control, spilling my seed deep into my wife's waiting throat, hearing her moan with pleasure. I sat on the edge of the bed then and watched as Eric continued his epic conquest, grabbing Katie's hair now and treating her roughly, the slapping sound of flesh on flesh overpowering. Katie had by this stage lost the power of speech and was just grunting with each thrust, her head swaying. Suddenly Eric was panting harder and asked:
"Where do you want it?" in a thick voice, as he plunged deeper and harder than ever before.
"Cum in me! Cum in me!" Katie squealed, thrusting her hips back to meet his.
Soon they reached a crescendo, Eric letting out a deep guttural shout and Katie screeching in pleasure as his cock pumped gallons of cum deep inside her.
After he was done Eric collapsed over to the side of the bed, totally spend. Katie purred with contentment and looked over at me, a deeply satisfied smile on her face. Watching Eric cum in my wife had stoked the embers and I found myself hard once more, mounting my just fucked wife as in a dream and finding my own savage rhythm. Soon Katie was cumming again and I saw Eric watching us, stroking his huge tool once more. We switched to doggy and Eric and I spit-roasted my wife once more.
We carried on in this fashion for what was left of the night. I came in Katie twice more and Eric did once before we all collapsed in exhaustion, Katie asleep between us, one cock in each hand.
I awoke in the early morning, hung-over and still sleepy - to the sounds of vigorous fucking. I looked over and saw Katie pinned against our bedroom wall, her hands wrapped around Eric's head, being pounded once more. I smiled and fell back asleep.
The next time I awoke it was afternoon of the next day. I was alone in the bed. Sudden dread and remorse filled me.
Oh fuck, what the fuck did we do?
Where was Katie?
I stumbled to the toilet and then down to breakfast, my mind still reeling from the potential disaster that we had sleepwalked into. Did this mean the end? What the fuck was wrong with me?
Katie was sat at the breakfast table, wearing her robe. She smiled up at me as I walked in, and pushed across a strong cup of coffee. I gratefully grabbed it and sat down. There was a drawn out silence.
"Where's Eric?" I asked eventually, cringing as I said it.
"Oh, he's gone back home. Didn't want to worry his parents." Another awkward pause and we looked at each other, both avoiding it.
Finally I cracked.
"Are we ok?" I asked, a little harsher than I intended. Her expression was one of deep anxiety.
"I hope so." She said in a small voice. "Look, last night..."
"It's Ok." I cut in. "I enjoyed it."
Her smile was knowing, "I could tell," she replied.
"Maybe there is something wrong with me, maybe I am some sort of sick pervert, but I enjoyed seeing you with him. It made me hornier than I have been in my whole life." She was silent for another moment, her hand resting on her coffee mug.
"I sucked him off this morning, while you were asleep." She shrugged "It felt naughty. Felt like the permission from last night was over, like I was actually cheating. But I did it anyway. I sucked his cock right here, as he ate breakfast. I licked his balls then swallowed down his cum." Her eyes shot up to mine, worried. I dragged my chair around to hers and took her hand, guiding down to my cock.
"Just hearing you say that has made me horny as fuck." She glanced up at me, her hand wrapping around my cock. "I guess I am a twisted bastard but I want you to fuck him every day. Send him back to Iraq so ravaged he won't need pussy for a year." Her hand was pumping on my cock now. "Tell him that when you get back from work each day he can come over here and do what he likes to you. Tell him you are his toy, with my permission, until he goes back out."
"Oh god honey I love you." She whimpered, slipping down to suck my cock again.
"I love you too Katie." I threw my head back as she started sucking me in earnest.
"Katie?"
"hmmmps?" came the muffled reply.
"For my birthday next week; I think we need to get you a new dress."
End of Part Two