Ch. 07 She is Naughty!
I arrived back home about an hour before Jess finished at school, around 4.30. She often swims for 45 minutes right from school, so I'm not expecting her home much before 5:45 or so. Equally, Jess is not expecting me till maybe 7:30, a stroke of luck that we got an earlier Chunnel train. Leaving my briefcase and laptop beside the dining table, I headed straight upstairs to the bathroom, first stripping off the clothes I'd worn for the last 33 hours since dressing yesterday morning in Spain. I took a leak, had a quick wash, and headed back into the bedroom. I saw a white blouse on top of a grey skirt that I'd never seen before, both on the bed up near her pillow. On the floor below a pair of 3" white heels, and then separately near the foot of the bed lay a pair of red pants, the ones I'd bought as part of a negligee set for Jess from Belgium 3 weeks ago. She says that with red hair she can't wear red, and she promptly gave them back to me to wear. That was the start of her new kink. Jess likes to get me to wear her undies. That started with me wearing these red pants in bed. Every night, she left a pair of her pants out for me to wear in the evening. Within a week, she had bought online from Victoria's Secret Online a black negligee set and some grey boy shorts for work, she said.
A second package from elsewhere, from a company name not known to me, contained a multipack of lacy knickers, a pack of three thongs, and even a bandeau bra and several pairs of lovely fine-patterned black hold-ups for around the house. She even talked me into shaving from the neck down, and then the following day she used hair removal spray on me and even took my razor to my ass and balls.
One evening, having told me how 'fucking cute' I looked dressed up, including the hold-ups and black nightie, she added that she'd love to do my eyes. A bit of mascara, blusher, and even some pink lip gloss. While in Spain she mentioned on the phone about the makeup and that she had purchased some breast forms to wear with my bras. As I love my wife so very much, it makes her happy and causes me no harm, so I don't mind. it's growing on me, and I admit I'm beginning to enjoy it. To that end, and as I'm naked now, I think I'll please her by putting on the red pants. I'm going to catch a couple of hours of sleep before she gets home, and it'll be nice for her to find me wearing them.
It seemed I'd only just nodded off when something disturbed me. As I came around, I coughed. A pair of lips are sucking me dry, swallowing all I have. Jess came home, seeing my briefcase downstairs, snuck up, seeing me asleep, undressed, got into bed, managed somehow to extract my dick out of a leg of my pants, fingered it hard, and took it into her mouth, in the hope that because I was asleep, that I'd last hard enough for her to mount me, but no, in under two minutes, my dick fired it's the first shot, hitting the roof of her mouth, the last two dribbled onto her tongue, she swallowed, came up excitedly kissed me, saying, "Hi husband, Glad you're home. I missed you. I'm sorry I've woken you, but I'm horny. I need a fuck. had I known you were back so early, I'd have come straight home from school, not messed about in the park over the road."
"I'm glad to be back. I missed you. I've missed kissing you and holding you. I've missed you waking me, especially you waking me up like that. You're horny, you say? Pass me, George, then get up here and sit on me. I want to taste you. I want to eat your pussycat until you cum and cum over my face. Come on, sit on me. You were in the park doing what?"
Jess leaned forward, her naked body now over my damp pants, dampened by her wet pussy leaking on them. She rubbed against me in vain, hoping her bum rubbing my dick would wake him again. "I've been a naughty little girl in the park tonight, but I'll tell you later. Now don't move. I'm coming up."
She gets off me, moves up and reaches under her pillow, bringing out Magic Man, the 5" vibrator. She then straddled my head, her swollen lips in position, and lowered to contact. The smell is truly intoxicating. Then the slight humping starts. My tongue extends to the maximum, running between her lips, from high up near her hooded button to low down just before her ring piece, and back again. Twice she moved, so my tongue ran over her rim, pausing a second each time. The third time she pressed down, my tongue more easily entered. I get to tongue-fuck for only a minute or two. As Jess presses down more, she lifts, hands me Magic Man, and says, "Use this. it's quicker."
She moves so that she can rub her clitoris against my nose, tongue laps at her flowing juices, Mr Magic tickles her rim, enters, she takes 2", then squeezes it out, and I reach to turn it on and do the same again. Jess cums, she reaches a hand back, taking him off me, and climbs off, sliding down my body. I'm kissing bits of her as it passes my lips, her bare mound, her belly, up to her bust. I tasted a familiar taste there, just below her bust. I tasted it again above her tit, and as I kissed her throat, just under her chin, that very familiar smell was there again. Jess pecks my lips and attempts to lift me off altogether. I wrap an arm around her waist and a hand behind her head. I kiss her lips, then her throat. I smell, then I can taste a man's cum. She gets up, saying,
"We both need showers. I'll have mine first. Where's your suitcase? I need the washing out of it. can you put the kettle on? We'll have a cup of tea, and you can tell how you made it back so early. you're not due back till after 8 tonight."
I pop my dressing gown on and go downstairs, put the kettle on and teabags in mugs ready, then foolishly open the front door to get my suitcase from the car, reaching in the back door of the car to get it. When behind me, I hear, "Oh, you're back already. Jess said it would be gone at 8 o'clock. I just thought I'd bring this round. it's too big for your letter box. Akeem, the temp postman, left it with me this morning."
"Hi Margret, how are you keeping? Jess will be down in a minute or two, just getting my washing. did you want to speak to Jess?"
Just then, Jess opens the door, saying,
"There you are. I thought you'd gone back to work. Hello Margret, want a cup of tea? It is made."
"Oh, yes, please, just a quick one. Akeem left this with me this morning. he said he rang the bell. I think he was disappointed not to see you this morning. Jess has an admirer in our handsome postman, Pete. I think he wanted to tell you himself. Vicky's back on Monday and Akeem has been offered a permanent job in the Oldham sorting office, so Saturday will be his last day local."
"Ah, poor Akeem, he's lovely. Handsome, very shy... well, he is with me anyway. He was chatty enough with my mom the first time they spoke last Saturday but seemed shy with me on Wednesday. then yesterday morning he spoke, said good morning, then became somewhat tongue-tied. He asked my permission to - I'm a pretty lady, always smiling at him - could he take my photo on his phone? Keep it forever. He did too."
"A picture, why? You weren't dressed as you two are now, were you? That I would understand. he'd be showing it around to his refugee friends in Oldham, claiming you as his girlfriend, haha."
Sitting at the table and drinking the tea, I'd made myself a coffee, very conscious of the fact I was wearing a short dressing gown and red pants. Jess, I believe, is wearing only her dressing gown. We are sitting on one side of the table with Margret on the other. Jess began teasing me, running her hand up my leg to my dick and rubbing it through my pants. I got hard. I moved her hand away. She held my hand, forcing it to her thigh and letting go. I let my hand rise to her wet, puffy lips. Jess smiles at me, then bites her bottom lip as two fingers just slid into a wet pussy.
Margret stood up, saying I'd better leave you two to catch up. I've got an idea she could smell Jess. Thanks for the tea, you two. Cheers for now. Jess walked her to the door, talking low. I couldn't hear what was said. Jess returns to the kitchen, smiling, and sat side-saddle on my lap, her arm across my shoulder, kissing me, kissing me on my ear, then whispered, "Fuck, you make me so horny, but you do need to shower first. You go up. I'll bring you up a coffee after I've booked a taxi to the Harvest Moon. then we can stroll back through the public gardens, okay?"
"Okay, I'll shower, but what's this about walking back? I'm knackered. I just want my bed, love. Hang on. you've been naughty in the park. What's been going on? Naughty doing what? And what's this about posing for a photo with your hunky Akeem? While I've been gone for 10 days, you've been practising with Kofi and succeeded, unless that was all a tease the other night. The photos for Akeem, the big handsome black hunk? Naughty in the park with whom? Maybe we should stay in and you can explain all. even show me."
"No, Pete, I promised someone, but I do have to explain. I want to explain but you have to promise not to get mad at me. Please, Pete, promise me you won't hate me, promise?"
"Jess, Nothing you say or do will ever make me hate you, mad at you, or mad for you. Yeah, all of the time. But you do have to explain what you've been up to, ok?"
"OK, Pete, have a shower. I'll be up with a coffee."
I go up, taking the suitcase with me and leaving it on the bed. I go and get in the shower, washing my hair first, then soaping up with the new body wash, not my usual brand, which smells kind of nice, like Jess herself, although not the smell of her earlier when she woke me. Jess came in and dropped my dirty laundry in the basket. She looks at me, smiling, seeing me covered in white sand. She watches as I rinse off my hair and body, then disappears into the bedroom as I apply conditioner to my almost shoulder-length hair. I again rinse my hair, noticing how soft it is and how it shines. I'd just started to shave when Jess came back in wearing only the sarong that I'd found in a Sunday market in the resort.
"Wherever did you find this? It's the same one that girls wear on that website, you know, the girl."
"Not the same, but close. I saw it in the market on Sunday, and like you, I thought so too! I bought it later back in my room, looked it up online, and even zoomed in. It's a very similar pattern, style-wise, and I think it'll work. If not, it still looks great on you. Be cool in the warmer weather."
"Thank you, darling. I love it, but were you expecting a re-enactment when you bought it? Wait there, finish your shave. The taxi will be here in 35 minutes so get a move on."
I finish off in the bathroom, returning to the bedroom to find Jess wearing a long, below-the-knee grey knitted dress that has large grey buttons every 4" top to bottom. the top 2, and bottom 3, are undone. Underneath, I can see she still has on the sarong. I look at her as I step nearer the bed, picking up the t-shirt, putting it on, and the lumberjack overshirt as I turn to pick up the jeans. It's only then that I notice the new red hold-ups, still in the wrapper. I pick them up, looking at Jess.
"Put them on for me, please. nobody will see them under your jeans. Besides, then we'll match."
As Jess was speaking she had unbuttoned her dress completely, taking it off and laying it on the bed. Underneath she has on the sarong, standing topless with no bra, which of course Jess can easily get away with. Her 34c bust stands nice and firm with no sag whatsoever, probably due to her exercise regime. With the main light on, plus being backlit by the bathroom light, I can see through the opaque white slightly patterned sarong, under which are red hold-ups and something I'd not heard of before, a red C-thong. Jess undid the sarong and held it open, showing me that she was wearing only red hold-up stockings and the smallest thong I'd ever seen. I immediately got hard. She saw the effect that it was having on me and said, "Thank you, but there's no time now, Peter. Taxi's due in 15 and counting, so shift yourself, put on your jeans, and let's go eat."
It took Jess 5 minutes to redress. That's a sarong, a grey buttoned dress, and a touch-up of red lip gloss. She's ready for me. I'm sitting on the bed, carefully putting the stockings on, loving how smoothly they slide up my hairless legs. Jess quickly brushes my hair, then she puts her red 3" heels on and goes down to await the taxi. I carefully pulled on my jeans and white trainers, which needed cleaning, to join Jess just as the taxi honked the horn.
Once again, the Harvest Moon gave us our favourite table in the alcove. If we keep our voices low, no one is close enough to hear us, which is just as true tonight. The only people who can see us are the three, I'm guessing salesmen, sitting two tables away directly to our front. The waiter sets up our main courses on the little heat plate thingies after lighting the nightlight candles, then leaves us to help ourselves. We start eating. Turned towards her and noted right away that Jess had undone two more top buttons. Another button and I'd be able to see the undercurve of her bust. As it is, she must be careful that she doesn't show her now-hard nips to either the waiter or anyone heading to the toilets off to our left.
"So, Jess, when are you going to tell me what's been going on? I mean, teasing is one thing, but do you have anything to tell me? You do seem to be avoiding telling me something that might make me hate you. no chance of that. You nearly said something earlier, you know, when you mentioned being naughty in the park after school. You then also talked about us strolling back from here through the park. Come on, then, Jess. Talk to me, please."
Jess loaded our plates with food again and also poured a bit more Chinese beer into both glasses. Just delaying tactics. Then, pausing long enough to allow a lady going to the loo to pass, said, "Promise me one thing, Pete: don't get angry and start shouting at me in here, please. We don't want people to know anything about us, our lives, or me, and we don't want to be banned from here either, so promise me."
"I promise, and I promise you this, Jess, no matter what - I love you, so no matter what you have done already, plan to do tonight, or do in the future - so long as it's us, I will love you, clear?"
"Clear. Thank you, Pete. I love you so very much, and I don't want to risk losing you ever. You must tell me to stop if there's any risk of you leaving me. Now, I did say that I've been naughty in..."
The waiter came over to inquire if there was a problem. Was the food okay or not to our liking? He then noticed that Jess had her dress open, with one hard nipple out in the open. His reaction was typical of any 18-year-old boy. He stared, mouth agape. Jess looked at him, looked down, pretended to just notice her exposure, went 'oops', and slowly pulled the top together.
We assured the waiter nothing at all was wrong, we were just busy talking and asked for another beer. Shortly after he returned with the beer, he looked at Jess again. She let go of the dress and smiled. He walked away. The salesmen stood up to leave. As one settled up, another headed to the door, and the third headed to the gents. Walking past our table, looking at Jess, a minute later he came back, slowing as he drew level. Jess watched him, put down her fork, got hold of both sides of her dress, pulled it wide open, both tits on full display, and 5 seconds later closed the top together. The guy realized the show was over and left to catch up with the others. Jess turned towards me and asked,
"Did that bother you? Or did it turn you on? Does exposing myself to other men in here tonight bother you at all? If I tell you that doing that turns me on and doing it in front of you makes me so horny, did you like it? Does it make you angry or horny, Pete?"
I don't answer her with words. I take her hand and draw it towards my dick so she can feel how hard it is. We finished the beer, paid the bill, added a generous tip, and left for our stroll home. Jess took my hand, nearing the park, which is locked at this time of night. Jess started talking, telling me:
"Wednesday after school, I parked in the supermarket carpark. I picked up a bit of shopping and put it on the front seat of the car, then thought about going for a run. I decided to leave the car there and pick it up after running. I think I should walk home to help get my legs moving, start my warm-up, and get changed for my run. See the bench in there, looking through the gate? I had to stop there to get a stone out of my shoe. Sitting, I lifted that foot to rest the heel on the other knee to remove the shoe, shaking the stone out. As I put my shoe back on, a man's voice said, from somewhere, something about nice legs, little girl. It sounded like an old man's voice. Now, it's been a long time since I've been called little. I mean, 23, married, 34" bust. Little? I found that funny, and I giggled.
"Then, I heard the old voice say, 'It's a damn shame, Bert, schoolkids today don't still wear school uniforms like they used to, you know. Little tartan skirts, tight blouses, boy - if she did she'd be showing leg up to her knickers. Eh Bert? Those were the days, praying for the wind.'
"I'm thinking 'Dirty old men!' I got up and checked. I couldn't feel the stone now and I was still wondering where the voice came from. I start walking slowly, then I hear him say, 'Do you want one, Bert?' Thinking they're that way, I turn right to walk past them and see where the path went. It doesn't, leading only to a broken drink fountain. It's a dead end. Two old men, both 60 plus, sat on a bench there, hidden from the main pathway and screened by evergreen bushes.
"I didn't know this little hideaway existed, but seeing that it led nowhere, I turned around and saw one man who was blind, handing back a hipflask to his friend, who looked up at me, saying, 'Wanting a drink?' Then offering up his flask, 'Finish this if you need a drink.' Accepting the flask and taking a tentative sip, expecting a strong drink, surprised by the water. Seeing the look on my face, he chuckled. 'I wouldn't have offered booze to a schoolgirl. I'd get into trouble!' I thanked him.
"He then said, 'I'm Les, by the way, and this old codger's Bert and you young lady are?'
"I'm Jess."
"He continued by saying, 'Just said to Bert here it's a shame you girls don't wear school uniforms anymore. You go to the school down Brannan St, don't you? They had a smart uniform once.' It seems this silly old sod thinks I'm a student and not a training teacher.
"A daft thought flashed through my mind, so I said, "6th graders don't have to wear uniforms for the last term, but I do have one I wear sometimes. Do you want to see it? Shall I go and change so you can see? Wait there, I'll go put it on for you."
We went back home and went into the kitchen. Jess went to get the wine. I got a couple of glasses out, and as I did so, I said, "So, you teased two old men in the park. I'm not mad at you for that."
Jess told me to bring the glasses with me. She headed upstairs and into the bedroom, putting the wine down and saying, "Need a wee? Pour us a drink, please, and I'll tell you the rest."
She undressed down to her thong. Strange, I see no strings at all - and I started to get hard again. I had to ask, "Where's the bloody string on that? I can't see any."
Jess, putting a hand between her legs, put a hand under herself, took off the weird U-shaped thing with a thong front attached, threw it to me, and headed for the bathroom. I caught it, seeing now how it fit. It was also damp and the smell wafting up from Jess was intoxicating. She makes me so horny. Jess continued to tell me as I poured wine, saying, "So I hurried back here, stripped off my clothes, including the bra, replacing it with a nice sheer lace one. I also put on that plaid skirt over a pair of dark blue knickers. You know, the ones I usually wear every month, and also a white blouse too. I even wore the white socks that I wear with my trainers for running. Black flat shoes completed the look and I had to wear that light blue coat to cover it all. I didn't want anyone to see me dressed like a schoolgirl. I then returned to the park. They were still sitting there in the hideaway, and I was standing in front of them. I was suddenly very nervous, and fuck, I was also getting wet. I mean, WTF? I'm 23 and behaving like a bloody teenager. Looking around, seeing no one else about, I quickly unbuttoned my coat and held it open for two dirty old men to leer at me until Les said, 'Yes Bert, she is. She's wearing a short pink tartan skirt, a white blouse, and ankle socks." Of course, being blind, Bert can't see me.
He asked, 'What colour knickers is she wearing, Les?'
'Don't know Bert, I can't see them.'
So I lifted the front of the skirt, showing the dark blue.
'Fucking hell, Bert, blue. She's showing me her blue school knickers. She has fucking lovely pins too.'
'Listen, Jess, do us a favour. take the coat off. hang it on the fountain. so we can see you properly. Stand near Bert. He only sees by touch. Be cruel not to let him see you too.'
"So, taking off the coat and lying it over the defunct drink fountain, I turned to face them both. Les said, 'Fucking lovely. Let Bert see.' I took crab steps right to stand in front of Bert, who extended both his hands out till they touched my bare legs. He stopped, his fingers waggled, then both hands slid up my legs and because it's a circle skirt, he didn't feel the hem first, only the knickers. Feeling around for a minute, he finds the damp spot, leaving one hand exploring my knickers and the other finding the skirt but carrying on up over my hip, lifting the hem of my skirt. Les is watching closely as Bert's hand is now between my slightly parted thighs, cupping me there, his thumb rubbing firmly on my hard nub. I'm soon breathing harder. Bert's other hand has now travelled up to my bust, feeling my hard nipples protruding through the thin lacy bra, causing them both to be easily seen, being darker than my white blouse. Bert says, 'Nice pair of big tits too.'
"I'm so, so fucking turned on right now. Here I am, a married woman, in a park, letting two fucking old perverts molest me. One has his hand between my legs. His other hand, I notice, has undone a button on my blouse and now has two fingers playing with a nipple.
"Les now touches the leg nearest him, running it up to my knickers and joining Bert's hand. Les worked his fingers into my knickers via the leg and first ran a single finger up and down the lips, which were already very wet. Finding the hard nub of my clitoral area, his fingertip circles it, sending waves of tingling pleasure.
"Now notice that Bert somehow had stopped fingering my gusset. That hand was now unzipping his fly and extracting a nice hard cock. As I looked at it, two things struck me: no underpants and his maybe 7" cock was circumcised. He began to toss himself off. But I want both Bert's hands on my tits, so taking hold of that hand, I bought it up to join his other. Bert soon took the hint when I undid the top three buttons of my blouse. He put both hands inside my blouse. He managed to get one cup of my bra down. He's tweaking and pinching my nips, but the button below pinged off somehow, so I undid the last button holding my blouse. Then I thought sod it, got my hands under Bert's arms, and undid the clasp, opening the bra, to allow Bert a free hand with my boobs, both hands attacking them with vigour, to tweak and pinch my now sensitive nipples. And you know, Pete, how they become when I'm turned on?
"Les, meanwhile, has somehow got his whole hand up the leg of my knickers and he has three fingers inside of me but it's bloody awkward. Elastics are cutting into me, his fingers-well-wrong angle really, so both my hands lifting the short skirt to get at the waistband of these awful knickers and pulling the front away from my body, Les. seeing what I'm doing, stands up slightly to one side of me, extracts his trapped hand from the leg and plunged it right down the front, easily reaching my sopping wet pussy lips, the three fingers straight back in and began to finger fuck me rapidly. Bert is pinching both nipples hard, almost painfully hard. I'm becoming unsteady on my legs.
"Les lent his head towards my ear and started saying nasty things to me, things like 'You're a real tease, a right cock-teasing little bitch', and omg, I'm loving it, this abuse. It's so naughty, it fucking excites me.
"My legs are trembling, shaking to remain upright as I cum for the second time. I'm cumming so fucking hard this time. Les is fucking my pussycat hard with his hand. My breathing is becoming more difficult. As my heart races a hundred miles an hour Les keeps up the abuse, saying, 'That's it, slut. cum, you fucking little slut. We'll make sure you keep cumming you slut, but you're going to suck Bert's cock now, make him cum too, and swallow his load. He has got a big one for you. it's like you need big cocks.
"I'm slowing down, and my heart rate is dropping. Les is now slowing his hand, but his crude mouth is speeding up. 'On your knees, slut, take Bert's cock and swallow it down your fucking throat. Come on, slut, bend over. It's time. Les is going to take your pants off, slut, and fuck you, but you suck Bert first, bitch. I'm going to fuck you so good slut. you're going to be coming back again for a lot more, aren't you slut? Next time, no fucking underwear right bitch, come on slut, answer me, or I might not let you fuck old Bertie's big cock, so you'd better answer me now.' He's holding the back of my head and my chin, hurting me. Fuck Pete, I've never felt so turned on, so I told them:
'Yesss, I'm coming back. I need more big cock. I'm a slut for old men, a slut, a naked slut. Tomorrow, back for more.'
"Les is pushing my head down. I have never been this turned on, so in need of a cock fucking me, I'm so, so fucking horny Peter. I'm sorry, Pete. I am so sorry, but this has to happen. I need this. A double bang. I'm going to be fucked now, and fucked hard, right here by two dirty old men. I'm sorry, Peter. I'm cheating on you. Sorry. But I can't stop now.
"Suddenly, a bell rings. Like an old-school bell ringing. It's the guy to lock up. He rings the bell to warn people of his locking the gates. I grab my coat, pulling it on. Les growling: 'You had better come back, slut. you hear me, tomorrow be here at 5 o'clock. don't you be late, bitch.' buttoning the coat's middle 4 buttons, then clutching the top together, I look at Les and say, "I won't be late."
"I bent down, kissed Bert on the cheek, then left quickly, back to the main path, heading towards these gates over the road, then up here, opening the door, shutting it, and sunk to the floor shaking. Fuck, I was so close. I sat there and jilled myself off."
All of this time I've sat listening to her confession, shocked at how far she had gone and how far it seems she would have gone last night had they not run out of time. Jess was telling me that she would have sucked Bert's cock. She had wanted Les to fuck her, and she needed to be fucked in a public place by old perverts. So close to home, this could have gone so wrong. Jess just stands there by her dressing table, watching me and waiting. I look up at Jess. we make eye contact but then I look down, but not before seeing her eyes start welling up. Jess is trying not to start sobbing. I also see fear. she does appear to be afraid of my reaction and of what I'm about to say or do.
I stand up, slowly unbutton my shirt, take it off and ball it, and then throw it towards the bedroom door. Same with the T-shirt. Jess is just looking at me. she's repeating over and over again, but I hear nothing. her mouth's moving. I see Jess saying "Pete, I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I love you and want you. So sorry. Please forgive me, Peter. I'm so sorry."
"Shut the fuck up, slut, get over here now. you hear me slut, over here. Now!"
Jess took two steps towards me, her mouth still silently saying, I'm sorry.
I stop looking at her. I nod sharply downward, indicating she should kneel, but then take another small step.
"I said come here, take these off now, you slut. You're a teasing slut, a cock-teasing little bitch, a slut for any old pervert, yes? Well, then you slut, kneel, and be the slut you want to be."
Jess does it. she knelt, undid my belt buckle, unzipped me, then took the jeans down to my ankles, and when I stepped out of them, she looked up at me. She pulled down my red pants, my very hard dick, caught for a moment, then sprang out, hitting first her lips, then her nose, still looking right at me. Jess kissed the tip, licked the cup from her lips, and gave me a slight smile. that smile was in her beautiful, sparkling green eyes too.
"You fucking little cockteaser, slut-suck it now."
Jess licked around the head. I quickly held both sides of her head and rammed all 5" straight in. She pulled back, and I forced it back in. I'm the pervert now. This fucking slut is mine now. I'm shooting. cumming in her mouth, I'm soon softening. Jess eased back, cheeks hollowed in as she made sure to get it all. Still kneeling, she opens her mouth, showing my cum there, and swallows, like she swallows the pill every morning.
I help her to stand up. she kisses me, breaks away to her glass, fills it, drinks it, and fills it again, pouring me one as well. I go to the toilet, sit and pee, and swill my hands. I rejoin Jess, who is still standing. We both still wear the red stockings we went out in. We hug and kiss each other. She whispered that she loved only me and quietly asked me if we were still okay. I nodded. Jess, hugging me tightly, said,
"Make love to me tonight. Love me like only you can please Pete, but first I must finish telling you. I have to tell you that I did go back at 5 this afternoon. I was not late, and I wasn't wearing any underwear. I wore nothing at all under my coat. I was naked for them."
"WTF, Jess, after what you've told me."
"I'm sorry, Pete. I am. I'm so sorry."
"But what, Jess? Why? You were so fucking randy that you'd fuck any cock? No matter who's or where, so long as you got fucked, that's it, eh? You told me they were both old men. That one even stunk of piss. You even teased that bloody old wino a couple of weeks ago. I was there, remember? I mean, fucking hell, Jess. Quit school, why don't you? Go work in a homeless shelter or refugee hostel. Take your bloody pick - old men's cocks or big black cocks - your choice. Come on, Jess, explain it to me. Explain damn near fucking them last night but were interrupted, so thought you'd go back there today to finish what you started? Naked in a public park, 200 yards from our front door?"
"Peter, please, Pete, hear me out. First, I don't know why I went back this afternoon. that's the truth. Remember me saying how I got back here, just inside the front door, and how I got myself off? I was so excited and turned on. Not so much by the old men, the wino last month, you go on about Kofi. Well, it's not who, not where. It's certainly not planned. It's spontaneous. It's just the situation. It just happens. Where I'm at - we're at. Sod it. I'm not saying this right at all. I know what I mean, but to explain it..."
"Jess, you said not planned, it's spontaneous, so you arranged to meet. You plan it, you arrange to meet in the park, you plan to meet at a set time--spontaneously? You even planned the night before--to be naked today? Well, Jess?"
"Yes, Pete, it was planned, but it didn't work and didn't do anything for me. Pete, love, I'll try to explain it again. First, rewind. Before we met, a naïve young virgin with a repressive mother, a father gone, 3 boyfriends at 19 years old, a total of 8 maybe 9 kisses, oh, and one crude grope of a tit. So I leave home to live in a dorm on site, and I have to share with a lesbian, Micky. Through Micky I learned a lot about sex, kissing, having orgasms, becoming an exhibitionist, and exposing my body accidentally or by design, both of which turned me on. Public displays of a sexual nature also turned me on. With Micky, I learned to enjoy snogging, having my nipples played with, even having them exposed in public, being sucked, pinched, or bitten, all watched by an audience. What a fucking turn-on."
I love music and enjoy dancing, and because of Micky, who, as a male-lesbian dressed masculine, preferred me very feminine, she loved to show off my body in lacy bras and panties. What a turn-on. She also hated tights, like stockings, and preferred hold-ups. That's why I love feminine underwear, and also why I'm an exhibitionist. Boy-o-boy, what a turn-on. I met you, a quiet, gentle, loving man who became my soulmate and taught me masculine sex. When you first made love to me, you made me a woman in that sense and used a cock, your cock, my first - and when you make love to me it's both masculine and feminine. You not only fuck me as a man, you love me as a woman. And boy, what a fucking turn-on that is. For you to be both to me, you've no idea."
"That's why, just recently, I loved that you allowed me to see the feminine side of you in here with me. that's not for the world to see. I don't want the whole 'lesbian' relationship with you. I don't want you in a full cross-dressed mode. You, femininized, are just for me, only for me, here in our home, and just as Micky did with me, I'd love to do with you, dress you all feminine - what a turn-on. Also, I believe it turns you on a bit too. I fucking loved that when you first wore the full underwear bit, 1st bra, 1st hold-up stockings, lacy pants, you tucked my little man away, making you even more feminine for me, shit, that turned me on so fucking much, then you go down on me, dressed. It's so fucking cute, and such a turn-on, fuck! Remember how hard you made me cum? Now tell me... me femininizing you. It's a turn-on?"
"Yes, it turns me on. Being whatever you want me to be is a turn-on. seeing your lust is a turn-on. and seeing others lust for you turns me on, Jess. But in the park, Jess, I didn't see your lust. I didn't see their lust. I was left out."
"I am coming to that, Pete. Last year in Turkey was the first time I heard about being exhibitionistic and going topless in public. I know everybody my age was, but me openly parading around, almost naked, that Brazilian bikini you bought me there. I've never worn the top. You let me freely dance, even with other men. You let me have my first-ever dance in the arms of a black man. That was a turn-on. Not the dancing so much, not the black man dancing per se, but you allowed me that freedom. That was the turn-on. If you could have, I'd have fucked you all night for letting me."
"Back home here, we went back to being a happy married couple. I was a happy wife for you, our sex life, the way you have always gotten around to being able to make me cum, the first time you went down on me, just like Micky. I thought everyone had sex like that. Men cum either in a girl's mouth, a turn-on, or her cunt, a bigger turn-on. A girl who cums, either by finger, tongue, or dildo, is a turn-on. On our anniversary weekend, we went away to Manchester, shopping and dining out. You took me to a nightclub where I was free to tease, expose my body, and show my lust if you liked. Boy, that was a turn-on. You and I were talking together about whom I should tease, flaunt my body to, and dance with. Then every time I checked with you, you were ok with me flirting. You even seemed more than turned on by my flirting with a black man. You allowed me to let Kofi, a stranger, a black man, molest me and my body in public. Omg, what a bloody turn-on that was. I was so fucking horny when we got back to the hotel, remember?"
"I had thought that Kofi might have been a freak, you know, not him himself, but his cock. It was freakishly huge to me. No normal man could be that big. I mean, no girl could take that, be fucked by that, or suck that cock. You bought me, George, at first too damn big, but well, remember when I lost him still working up inside me? Fucking hell, did I cum or what? And what a turn-on. Damn near passed out!"
"Margret came around here to talk. Remember they have problems? Well, it turns out Jon's dick is tiny, much smaller than yours, Pete, and no, I've not said anything to Margret. He can't even make it hard anymore. Well, I told you he embarrassed Margert at a function, dancing with some woman who'd had a tit job. Margret had her revenge by going out with some fella she knew. She gave him a blow job. Then she went home, climbed into bed, and Jon kissed her goodnight. He smelled cum on her breath, and they had a blazing row. They're all settled down now, and they're happy."
"Now, don't you dare mention this to anyone ever! I mean it, Pete, not even them. But Jon wears a device. It's kept locked and Margret has the key to it. She in turn has a couple of male friends with benefits. One even comes to stay overnight every couple of weeks or so, they fuck in the double bed. Jon sleeps in the spare room now. He makes them breakfast in bed and then sets to cleaning them both. Remember, Pete, not a bloody word!"
"You went to Belgium and came home, thankfully, bearing gifts. Red gifts. It was only then that I asked you to put the pants on for the first time. You looked so damn hot, it made me horny. We then ordered other stuff for you, then you shaved, became hairless for me, became a little more feminine, and began to wear undies every night for me. What a turn-on. you even wore them to work one day. Turned me on. You mentioned to me once about having visions, vivid dreams of me with other men, fucking other men, about me with black men, like Kofi, dreams of Kofi fucking me with that huge cock, me having big orgasms on his black cock, me riding his cock till it cums. Me calling on you to clean me up. That's nasty and so naughty. And visions about Kofi taking me to his dorm so I could be gangbanged by four big black cocks. You've said that you saw me fucking them and begging for more. That is so naughty!"
"We went out for an evening meal then on to a pub for a drink. Several things happened that evening: We had sex, meaning I gave you a blowjob before going out, naughty but a turn-on. After dinner we strolled together to the pub, passing a park. I spotted a wino sitting against a tree, bottle in hand. A naughty thought flashed through my mind. I'd get you to expose my bare bum to him. naughty, but a great turn-on because you were involved."
"In the pub, where we sat with you facing the door, I was facing three youngsters playing pool. One lad kept looking at me, smiling, and making eye contact. He mentioned to the other two something about my tits. Wearing that skirt that evening, it was easy to flash my thong at them. A turn-on. I needed to pee, so when you went to the bar I nipped upstairs to the ladies, realizing they'd looked up my skirt on the way up. A turn-on. When I sat having a tinkle and a naughty thought, shall I take my thong off? I started getting horny again--second thoughts, not the thong. I'm getting so wet I'd drip. Even worse, it might run down my leg. Fuck, what a turn-on. Okay then, it's the bra. off it came and into my bag, then coming out onto the landing above them, naughty, naughty, I'll just stand here to fix my lip gloss. So turned on I was soaked, and then when you came looking for me and saw me up there, two lads under me looked straight up at my dripping wet pussycat. I swear, I was damn close to agreeing to play pool with all three, with you watching. That's why we had to hurry home that night."
"That's when you introduced me to the big one for the first time when we watched that girl get fucked in public. Dancing with a black man, his big cock choking her, then fucking her in public with her spouse watching them with a hard-on. So fucking hot. The parallels aren't hard to see, are they, dear? And you suggested I practice using it, also saying I should name him. Another great turn-on is when your loving husband gives you a 10-inch realistic dark-skinned cock with veins and tells you to practice. That is so naughty of you. By the way, I have been practising. you may see the progress I've made if you've not left me or hated me."
"While you were away I did as you requested. I practiced. Besides that, I've done a fair bit of my course work so I can get qualified, done marking students' homework, and listened to Margret's problems, even until 1 am. I've kept house, done the washing, done two six-mile runs, swam 44 lengths, twice been to aerobics, only once to kickbox training, took my mother shopping and had a row. Wednesday decided to go for a run, then maybe kickbox training--a bit of me time. Then Wednesday afternoon went a bit skewwhiff, as I already told you, but that all happened on the spur of the moment, and just like Manchester and Kofi, the longer it went on, the more turned on I got, and the further I wanted it to go. Very naughty, I know. Same that night in the pub. the more that happened, the hornier I got, and the further I wanted it to go. And with you there, so bloody naughty."
"Wednesday, Just like the other two examples. Kofi, the three lads, and the two old men in the park that evening. All three occasions were spontaneous happenings, and yes, were naughty of me, and turned me on, I got so horny, being molested nearly naked. The further they went the further I wanted it to go. Les threatening to fuck me. Having already made me cum so hard, I wanted - no, I needed to - let him. Let him fuck me, to find out if he'd make me cum even harder. I mean, just thinking about it made me want it more. so fucking naughty."
"Luckily, we were interrupted and I ran home, and I was so turned on by the spontaneity of what had happened and by what might have happened, I just had to cum. So I did it myself in the hallway. This afternoon, yes, I'd said that I'd go back. I was told no undies, no bra, and of course, I wanted to go further, thinking I would be so naughty and go naked. So yes, Peter, I went back to meet two old perverts in a public place, naked, to be abused, manhandled, molested, sworn at, and called nasty but true names. I loved it and craved it. I got there. Bert isn't there but Les is, as are two other men, two strangers, that Les had told about me, the schoolgirl slut. He'd arranged for them to use me and abuse me like I was his slut to give to anyone he wanted me to be naughty with. I mean, Les and one of the other men already had their trousers undone, their cocks out, and they were hard."
"No, hang on, that's not happening. It's not spontaneous. Les planned this. this isn't for me. It's for him, yes, but it's doing nothing for me, not turning me on at all. Les asked if I was wearing pants today, turning to his two pals, and told them he'd said no bra, no knickers, and he was going to fuck me good. So that's when I told him I hadn't agreed to them two watching. Les said, 'Listen here, slut. you came here today to be fucked. Now, me and my friends here are going to give you what you want, what all sluts like you want. We are going to fuck you here and now, and slut, we're going to make you 'airtight', you hear me?'
"Now, I admit I'm shit scared. my kickboxing training ain't going to work against these three. I repeated that I didn't agree to meet them two so none of them are fucking me. If they laid a single hand on me, I'd scream rape.
'See, I told you you're just a cock-teasing slut!' then one of his mates said 'Bollocks, let's fuck the bitch anyway.' He moved, grabbing my coat, 3 of its 5 buttons ripped off, the coat now one side over my shoulder, one tit and down to my hip now exposed.
"Me fearing rape, I shouted 'Stop! Alright, I'll strip naked!'
"Everybody froze, stood still. I undid the remaining button and opened the coat wide like a flasher. The three of them just stared, then made crude remarks about my tits, my little girl's cunt, one said he was about to cum as he wanked himself. I said 'No don't! Not yet.'
"He stopped. Ha, I do love it when men obey me. Anyway, I digress. So I said, 'This is all wrong. You came here to fuck me and to cover me in your cum. I came here naked to cum when Les did. Sorry, it ain't happening, so like I said, no single finger touches me, but if I were to take off this coat and sit on it, I could make myself cum as you two and Les toss off Cumming all over me. this slut wants to go home covered in your spunk. Deal?'
"Les laid his coat down on the bench, taking a quick look around and seeing no one else. I slipped off the coat and laid it over his coat, turned and sat down, told them to keep an eye out for other people, then laid back, a hand between my legs, fingers strumming, and I started to masturbate for them. One soon came. it mostly landed on my leg, but one spot made my belly hurt. I started to make the necessary noises, like I was going to maybe cum, watching Les, who was still calling me a slut, hearing me breathe quicker, having heard me come hard only 24 hours earlier, sped up tossing himself. I notice he has a lovely, I'm guessing 8"cock, his pal beside him won the race, finishing second, and his spunk reached my belly, left tit, the hand between my legs.
"Then I beat Les. I started Cumming and Les joined in as I finished, but Les did cum with hard, powerful shots, the first hitting my top lip to run onto my tongue, the second hitting my throat, my left tit, the 3rd and 4th were belly shots, and the last one hitting my pubis mound to run down my outer lips, which I had to scoop up on my finger to prevent its entry. I licked it off, thinking 'I've tasted another man's cum.'
"Quickly standing and covering myself with my coat, as I did up the two remaining buttons, Les said, 'See this?', marking a line on the bench. 'If you want a repeat of yesterday or today, cross that mark and put the date you'll come back. the time will always be the same. I'm here alone most days if it's not raining. I reckon a slut like you will be back, and often. I could bring more. I have black friends too if you'd prefer.'
"I said 'Goodbye, Les.'"
"Now, do you hate me? I'm just a cock-teasing slut. I want and need sex in a variety of different ways and places, some in public, sometimes where there is the possibility that I might be seen by others as being naughty. I may at some point get carried away, needing it to go further. And it'll be your job to stop me from going there. Pete, say something! Do you love or hate me now? What do you say?"
"Jess, I love you. You're my slut, always remember that. It's now nearly 1 a.m. and I've had an hour of sleep in the past 37 hours. You, young lady, have work in just 8 hours. Bed. we'll talk again later."