The following story is 100% true. The names and locations have been disguised. Beth even posts her own pictures on online forums occasionally.
*
When I met her, Beth Johnson was a freshman at the University. She was a product of an all-girls Catholic high school and had that fresh-scrubbed, girl-next-door appeal. When we met about 2 a.m. one Sunday morning, she was on her hands and knees tossing up the last of the whiskey sours she had been drinking. It was the first time Beth had ever been drunk. (For the full story read "Beth the Exhibitionist")
Beth became the test subject of a theory from my Psych class. I never made any move to take advantage of her and I spent most of that Sunday talking with her and making her laugh. Whenever she performed some small task for me I would tell her "Thank you. That pleases me."
Two weeks after we first met Beth was constantly looking to me for my approval whenever we were together and she was trying to give me her virginity. I found out that Beth had learned Hawaiian Dance when she was in 8th grade. After dancing for me, I arranged for Beth to dance topless at a private party. That night Beth was scared, but when she found out how much she loved to show off for a crowd, Beth asked me to remove her bottoms prior to going out on stage for her last "set." Her response when she came back off stage was an excited "I danced naked in front of all those people and they all wanted to fuck me."
After her last dance a man in his late 40's approached me and asked if Beth performed at parties. I said she might in the future and he gave me his card. Bob said he had a group of customers that gathered several times each year for a card party and he wanted Beth to start with the Hula, and end the night dancing naked and mingling with his customers. We agreed on a price which included some touching, but no sex. (To bring yourself up to date read "Beth Learns Something New")
Bob and I talked the next Monday and he gave me a date that was less than two weeks away. That week Beth lost her virginity and displayed her ability to have multiple orgasms. Beth also did many things good Catholic girls didn't do, and she found out how exciting it was to have an audience. It was Beth that called Bob and confirmed that she would perform at his card party.
That week zipped by at a snails pace. Beth spent hours each evening deciding what to wear for Bob and his friends. She finally found a black mesh halter top and a white lace apron, and she made a black bow for her hair. She was planning to wear the halter top with her grass skirt for the first dances, then just the skirt for the second set, then she would be naked for the third set except for her anklets, a headdress, and her pompoms. Each night I picked Beth up from her dorm, made dinner for us, and let her try on different combinations of clothing. I decided I liked the white lace apron a lot. It snuggled Beth's curves and showed her skin through the fabric. It also made her nipples stand out. Beth was not wearing panties under the apron so her tight butt was very much available for light caresses and gentle pats. The apron was for when she was mingling with the guests.
After dinner and the fashion show I handed Beth the bed pillows and led her into the living room. I pulled the cushions from the couch, arranged them on the floor, and told Beth "Show time."
She smiled and said "I love to please you."
I poured us both a glass of wine and Beth played with her pussy until she had an orgasm.
I leaned forward from my chair and said "It would please me if you would cum again."
Beth giggled and played with herself again. With her second orgasm fast approaching Beth looked to me for permission, and I said "Cum for me. Cum for me now."
That pushed her over the top and a second set of pleasure waves washed over her. After she had rested she asked "What else can I do to give you pleasure?"
Because her pussy was still fertile I opted for a blowjob. Actually I wanted Beth to be horny and excited for Saturday night. All week I used the fertility issue to avoid sliding my stiff prick into her pussy. Finally Friday arrived. I picked up Beth and her costume and drove to my apartment. I carefully packed her dance costume into the trunk of the car while Beth went straight into the apartment. On the dining table she found three packages. When I came through the door Beth was still dressed.
I said "I buy you some presents and you forget what you are supposed to do at home?"
Beth hurriedly took off her clothes and presented herself to me for approval. When she was naked and standing still I walked around her and then said "Thank You. That pleases me."
Beth jittered for a few moments and I told her to open the biggest box first. She found a pair of two-tone black and white high heels. The next box contained a white lace garter belt and white stockings. Beth was shocked and surprised and scandalized all at the same time. She also started to cry because I had given her some presents. I told Beth the third present was for later; for now she was to go dress in the bedroom and come back out with the apron and garter belt and stockings on. She kissed me and disappeared into the bedroom.
Beth reappeared when dinner was ready. When Beth was naked she was gorgeous, but Beth in lingerie was fabulous. Her hair was combed out, her makeup was heavier than usual, and she stood in the middle of the room awaiting my approval. She could give a corpse a hardon and I told her so. Her answer was "I am happy to please you."
After a wonderful meal neither of us remember I handed Beth the third box. It contained a dainty gold ankle chain. As soon as Beth stopped crying I told her she was to wear it whenever we went out to have her dance. If she wore the chain on her left ankle it meant she was for my pleasure only. If she wore the chain on her right ankle, she was there for everyone's pleasure. Beth looked at me then placed the chain on her left ankle. When she looked up she said "Tonight I am here for your pleasure. Tomorrow I will wear this on the right ankle. I will be there for everyone to see and feel. I will be available for their pleasure. I know that was what you intended."
That night Beth insisted on pretending she was serving drinks and food to a group of 5 or 6 men seated at a card table. Since her white apron was see-thru she did not need to bend over the table to show her cleavage. She worked on turning away from the table so that her butt remained available to the man she had just served for an extra several seconds. She also worked on walking gracefully in high heels. I allowed her to "practice" on me and I tried to act like a grabby drunk. Beth fended off my advances while still allowing me to have a quick feel of her butt or her tits. She smiled and said "Catholic girls learn those moves by age twelve or thirteen. I had to slow down just to let you grab a quick feel. The only difference is, I never had to do those moves wearing heels."
By 11 p.m. I had been teased enough and this time, when Beth brought me a drink, I grabbed her and pushed her up against the table. She felt my hardon pressing into the cleft between her butt cheeks as I held her against the table. Beth leaned over the table and purred "Are you going to fuck me? You haven't fucked me all week. I wore this garter belt and stockings so I would look sexy for you. I am here for your pleasure ...."
Yes, I did fuck her. I fucked her from behind as she bent over the table. I slapped her butt, pulled her hair, and I came long and hard in her pussy since her period was due the first of the week. Beth had a strong climax too. When we both had our breathing back under control, Beth turned her head and asked "Is there anything else I can do to please you?"
I had Beth sit down in my chair, place her first two fingers in her pussy, and she ate my cum directly off her fingers. When she finished cleaning herself, Beth knelt in front of me and licked our combined juices from my prick.
In the morning Beth and I had coffee in the kitchen. She told me she wanted to please me by performing for Bob and his clients, but she had to know what her limits were. What she was telling me was her limits were whatever I wanted her to do. She asked me if I would still love her if she was a slut at the party. I told her I wanted to have her naked and fondled, but she was not being whored out. I also told her one more detail that Bob had given me; Beth would be allowed to bet herself against the winnings from the poker game. If she took the bet and won, she probably would have to give the loser a "consolation prize." If she lost .......
We arrived at Bob's company office building at 7 p.m. and Beth went down a back hallway to Bob's private office. She allowed Bob to show her his private bath, then smiled sweetly at both of us and said "Get out. I will be ready for the first dance at 8:30. I will come back here after each set and change to my hostess costume for half an hour. I will dance again at 10 and 11:30. I will have to leave at about 1 a.m."
At 8:30 sharp Beth walked into the Board Room and stepped up onto the low stage. I started the music and Beth performed a high energy first song. Every man in the room watched intently as her tits bounced in that black mesh halter top. The second dance was not as fast and Beth swept gracefully around the poker table so that each man had a closeup view. The third dance was a slow, sensual dance and Beth used the dance to tease each of the men in the room. At the end of the third tune Beth blew a kiss to the room and slipped quickly back down the hall.
Ten minutes later she was back in the room in the hostess outfit. Bob introduced her to each man, and Beth charmed each of them. Bob had Beth do a slow pirouette to show off her lack of panties, then Beth took drink orders. Each man was treated to Beth placing a drink in front of him and allowing each man to pat her butt. Her nipples were pinched a few times also. Beth stayed for two rounds of drinks, then she slipped back down the hallway again.
Her topless set of dances brought a great round of applause, but her re-appearance in the hostess outfit was appreciated more. There is something about a half-naked woman serving drinks that starts a man to thinking. The lace apron did not conceal much, but the pretty little naked tush asking to be touched was fantastic. Each of the men patted Beth on the butt, and deposited dollar bills in the tops of her stockings. Again Beth stayed for two rounds of drinks, then slipped back down the hallway.
When Beth re-appeared for her last set of dances everything stopped. Beth walked demurely into the Board Room and stepped onto the stage. Other than her headdress and her anklets, Beth was naked. Her nipples stood out like bullets and she had a flush on her chest that indicated an imminent orgasm. The first dance was a fast number and Beth worked it to make her boobs bounce while also keeping her legs spread. It was the lewdest performance Beth had ever done.
The second dance was only slightly slower. Beth ended the second dance breathing hard and covered with a sheen of moisture. The last dance was a slow, sensuous dance and Beth used every opportunity to rub her nipples and her pussy. When she finished the last dance I could tell Beth was at the edge of a major orgasm. As the applause died down I approached the stage and held out a hand to her. Beth had a wild look in her eyes and I drew her close to whisper in her ear. "I am going to find some pillows and give you your vibrator. You are not to cum until your vibrator is in your pussy."
Beth nodded and said "I need to cum. I need to cum bad."
I turned Beth towards the stage again and Bob already had the pillows arranged. Beth settled back on the pillows, spread her legs wide, and stuck 2 fingers in her pussy. I grabbed the vibrator from the bag near the stereo and carried it to Beth. The men in the room drew a breath as Beth smiled, then withdrew her fingers and slipped the vibrator into her pussy. A quick twist of the end and the vibrator hummed. Suddenly Beth was bucking her hips and moaning as her orgasm crashed over her. The waves of pleasure continued for several long minutes and Beth worked the vibrator to stay on the crest of the ogasm as long as possible. Finally, with a scream, the orgasm finished. Beth was totally spent and passed out. Bob helped me assist Beth to the back room where she could recover.
I returned to the Board Room and was surrounded by the entire group. I assured them Beth was fine, just a little tired, and that she would be in to challenge the winner in 15 or 20 minutes. That drew a round of applause, then the men returned to the card game. Three of the men had already been eliminated, and the rest were intent on having Beth challenge them for the evenings winnings.
When Beth stepped into the room Bob declared that the last hand was being dealt. Jim, Stan and Howie were all locked at roughly equal, so all the winnings were shoved to the middle of the table. Bob asked Beth to deal the last hand. Beth cocked her head to one side and said "OK, but I think it is only fair to ask if this hand is for all the money. If so I guess I'll have to deal this hand topless."
Bob said "Guys?"
The vote was unanimous and Beth removed her Hostess apron. She sat down and said "Seven card stud. First two down, next two up. Fifth card down, last two up."
Stan was the winner and Beth said "Who deals? I want a fair deal so no-one can say there was any favoritism."
Jim and Howie drew cards and Howie drew a Queen so he dealt. Beth stood up, moved over to sit in Howie's lap, and smiled sweetly at Stan. Howie squeezed Beths' boobs ("for luck") and dealt Stan two Jacks while giving Beth two number cards. Beth grabbed Howies hands, rubbed them on her boobs and said "This is for good luck. I am the one that is supposed to get the high cards. Now try again."
It was not to be; Howie dealt Stan an Ace, a seven, and a third Jack. Beth drew her lipstick from her stocking top, made a show of applying it carefully to her lips, then asked if Stan wanted to go "double or nothing"; Stan looked at me and I nodded. Stan took the dare.
Beth won the second hand, then held her hand out to Stan. "Come with me Stan. I have a consolation prize I want to give you."
Stan looked terribly pleased and moved towards Beth. I coughed once and told Beth "Up on the stage. I want everyone to see."
Beth guided Stan up to the stage and helped him out of his pants. Stan was excited and his shorts were sticking out in front like a tent. Beth arranged two pillows, then knelt in front of Stan and drew his shorts down his legs. She made sure that Stan was sideways to the audience, licked her lips and then she licked the end of his cock. She ran her tongue around the end of his cock, then sucked it all the way into her mouth. Beth settled herself so she was comfortable, then placed her right hand on Stan's hip and held his balls with her left hand. Then Beth used her mouth to make love to Stan's cock; she licked, she sucked, she pulled him into her mouth and she raised her eyes to his. Her left hand stroked his balls. Beth used every trick in her female arsenal to pull Stan to the edge of his orgasm; then she stopped and let his cock slip from her mouth.
"Stan" she said "I want you to come in my mouth. I want to taste you. Let me swallow your cum."
Stan groaned and Beth engulfed his cock. She looked up at him while taking his cock down her throat. Several times she sucked his cock deep in her throat and then Stan blew his load in her mouth. Beth swallowed twice, then milked his cock for a third jet of cum. Finally she released his cock from her mouth and gave it one last kiss.
The room went wild! Stan turned shy and dressed in a hurry. Beth remained kneeling on the pillows as she accepted the adoration of the crowd. It was her moment to enjoy the emotional outburst from the crowd and I let her ride their enthusiastic response. Finally Bob calmed the men and Beth was allowed to leave the stage and return to her dressing room.
I started to help Bob clean up some of the mess from the party, but no-one made any move towards the doors. After ten minutes I walked down the hall and knocked on the office door. Beth told me to come in and when I did I found her crying. I grabbed her into my arms and told her she had pleased me highly and that I was thrilled with her performance. In a few minutes the tears were gone and the smile was back. I told Beth that a good Hostess always showed her guests to the door, and I expected her in her Hostess outfit and at the front door in five minutes.
Five minutes later Beth returned to the Board Room in the white lace Hostess apron, the white lace garter belt and the white stockings. Of course the guests were thrilled with having Beth return in costume, and they all needed a hug, a kiss, and a quick pat on her ass. Finally they all left.
Bob pulled out his wallet and counted out 5 One Hundred Dollar bills and handed them to Beth. Beth handed the money to me, then gave Bob a full press kiss. Bob reached around and grabbed Beths' butt with both hands. When he finally broke the kiss he asked Beth if she was interested in playing Hostess at his next Poker Night.
Beth smiled and said "I will do whatever I can to please my Master. You two discuss it and I will do whatever he says."
Bob looked at me and raised one eybrow. I smiled and said "Beth, take off the Apron and then find a pillow."
Beth immediately took off the apron and went to the stage for a pillow. When she returned she waited for another order. I looked at Bob, then at Beth. "Beth, please remove Bobs' pants and underwear. I would like to watch you suck his cock."
Beth said "Yes, Master, but may I suggest that Bob sit on his desk? It would make it easier on my knees."
Once Bob was sitting on his desk Beth took over again. Her left hand held his balls and her right hand circled his cock. She used her tongue to provide some moisture, then she started pulling slowly on his cock. She looked straight into Bobs' eyes and told him "My Master wants me to suck your cock and he will probably want me to make you cum in my mouth. If you would like to cum on my boobs this would be the right time to tell him what you want. I am here to serve my Master and my Masters pleasure."
Then Beth bent over and took Bobs' cock into her mouth and started sucking him deep into her throat. Bob watched her head bobbing up and down in his lap for a minute, then turned to me and said "I want to cum on her boobs."
I said "Beth, it would please me to watch my friend cum on your boobs."
Beth withdrew Bobs' cock from her mouth and stroked his cock with long, sensuous movements. "I want you to cum for me Bob. Make a mess all over my boobs."
Bob lasted only a few seconds, then shot four loads on Beth. When his cum stopped spurting Beth slowed her stroking and licked the last drop of cum from his cock. Beth leaned over to Bob and kissed him softly on his lips, then turned to me.
"Did I please you Master?" she asked.
I came to her and kissed her. "Yes, Beth, you gave me great pleasure. And, when I take you home I'm going to give you great pleasure."
_____________________________
Beth earned almost a thousand dollars that night. About 3 months later I took Beth back for a repeat performance. It wasn't about the money; it was the idea that Beth could feel the emotions of the men in the audience. Their lust for her fulfilled her need to please me. I think she sends her pictures to online forums now just to feel that raw lust again.
n.b. Thank you for the pictures Beth; you can still give a corpse a hardon!