Saturday morning I woke up, rested, content, and well fucked. I felt like I had conquered the world. Naturally I wanted more.
I wanted breakfast.
I slipped out from the covers, not wanting to wake up Eric. He had a very tiring night. It was half past eight, there was already light outside. I stepped into a white cotton panties and sneaked out to the bathroom then went to the kitchen.
On weekdays we had cereals and milk for breakfast, but on weekends I had time to prepare something more substantial.
When Eric joined me half an hour later, egg and bacon was on the table.
"Mmm, looks like someone is satisfied with last night." He said. He half hugged me, get my left breast in his hand, kissed me on the neck and yawned.
"I see my naked body excites you immensely."
"First breakfast then sarcasm Bee, please."
We sat down and ate. I kept my eyes on Eric, I knew we had to talk about my situation. I saw his eyes often wandered to my bare boobs. I took it as a good sign.
"Right, let's talk." He said pushing away his empty plate.
"How did you know I wanted to talk?"
"I didn't know. I want to talk."
"How about a walk?"
He nodded.
It was a lovely April Saturday. The air was cool. We walked to the nearby river, found a bench. We sat in silence.
"Am I boring?" Eric asked finally looking at the water.
"What? No! Why do you..." I was shocked and ashamed when I saw his face. He looked sad. I remembered my behaviour last night. Assaulting him after I came home from a party. Acting like a slut while he was busy working.
I suddenly understood that he was scared. Scared that I was looking for entertainment somewhere else because he was not enough for me. Now that I understood his feeling I got terrified too, because no matter how much I loved him I had to admit that his fears were not without any ground.
I wanted more.
I began to speak. I told him about the dance on Tuesday, my confusion and my realization that it had aroused me. I told him I masturbated fantasizing about that jerk putting me to my place. I told about last evening, how horny I had been, how I had lusted after that joke of a man. My desire to submit myself to him. My desire to be humiliated.
"But why?" That was all he asked.
I shared my theory. First of all I simply had unconventional needs, plain and simple. I knew that most women do not thrive for humiliation. I on the other hand felt privileged. I had a great job, a perfect husband. I had respect. But in my perverted mind I desired the thing I had not.
"You want disrespect." Eric said.
"I don't want it." I shook my head. "I felt shit when those jerks felt me up. I wanted to run away, to hide. But afterwards, when I recalled what had happened..."
We sat in silence again.
"So... you want to be my slave? Should we buy leather stuff?"
"I will never be anybody's slave. The whole point is that I do not want to submit. And the leather stuff is just ridiculous. I am sorry I never found that sexy."
"Thank god!" Eric finally managed to smile.
I studied his face. I realized he was thinking hard. He was working on the problem. He wanted to help me. I was the luckiest woman on Earth.
"You want to be treated bad, humiliated, disrespected, pushed to your limits just so much that it arouses you but do not trigger you to fight back?"
"That is accurate."
"Hah, so basically you want me to read your kinky mind?"
"I am a woman Eric of course I want you to read my mind."
"You don't give me much to work with."
"Then here, let me open my mind for you."
I told him all my fantasies.
'"All right.' He sighed when I stopped. My mouth was dry. It was a long speech. 'I feel like I should have taken notes."
'"No worries, I can email the details."
"Just not to my work account."
He kissed me. It was a lovely day.
"I always had a thing for Margo." He said looking into my eyes.
I tensed. His words felt like a slap to my face.
"You're a quick learner." I whispered.
Weekend passed. Monday dragged on. Tuesday was shot in the knee and crawled on forever, but finally I was standing in the bedroom in front of my wardrobe. Preparing my ensemble for the dance.
Last time I wore a blouse and pants, all my womanly parts safely hidden away but I was scared. Now I was not scared but I wanted to be.
I was naked, freshly showered. I trimmed my bush, but let it longer than usual. I went through the panties. They were mostly hipsters or briefs. They were comfortable. I dug in until I found a lacy red cheeky low rise. I bought it for sexy times. Unfortunately it was one size bigger and slid down easily. But wasn't that what I wanted in the first place when I put it on?
I put it on.
I picked a black cup-less cotton bra. I did not want any unnecessary padding between my boobs and my dancing partner.
I picked a green knee high dress. I didn't have to think long since this was my only dress. I never felt comfortable in dresses, I was too conscious of my lower region being on the air.
I randomly picked a sweater too, although I knew it would be hot in the dance hall. I decided against any stockings.
I looked at myself in the mirror on the wardrobe door with critical eyes.
I did not want to look slutty, not even sexy. I wanted to look like a wife who tries to be sexy.
My dress covered my body nicely, but it did not clink to it. I pirouetted and it showed my knees but did not rise higher. I felt my panties sliding south. The black straps of my bra peeked out at the top of the dress. I could not see any hint of my nipples. I touched my boobs. I could feel every detail. I dropped my hands.
Suddenly I felt (or imagined) a slight tremble in my limbs. I felt my lips dry. I cannot go like this, screamed a voice in my head. I did not want to go out at all. I wanted to stay at home and watch a series, I wanted...
"Perfect." I told to my reflection, turned, and joined Eric in the living room.
"You look perfect." He said when he saw me. I could see the same opinion in his eyes.
"Nervous?" He asked later in the car.
I extended one arm, my hand was slightly trembling. I could have control it, but I enjoyed the feeling.
"Yes, we should have practised the steps."
"There is always a quick recap at the start."
"I am still nervous though."
When we entered the hall I had my heart in my mouth. I forced myself not to look around. We walked to the chairs put to one wall. It was cool inside, I kept my sweater on. I took a quick sip from the water bottle we had brought. After that I scanned the hall.
A few couples were practising. Pamela, our teacher was there too.
"We are early." I said and tried to smile.
Eric took my hand and pulled me on to the dance floor. He raised my hand put his hand behind me, and we were off.
He kept counting, looking at me, and I followed him. We managed to get across the hall in one piece. He smiled.
"Very good Bee!"
"One second!"
We danced only a minute but I felt my panties falling off. I had to close my thighs as I tiptoed behind a nearby pillar to avoid them slipping to my ankles. This part of the hall was darker, and there were tables, chairs piled up against the wall.
In the relative privacy the pillar offered I raised the bottom of my dress and yanked my panties over my bare bottom. I thought about taking them off and dance the evening with my pussy on air but decided against it. Where was the challenge in that? I lifted my dress again and wedged the panties firmly between my ass cheeks. I would keep my dignity if I could clench my ass tight enough for the rest of the evening.
I checked my attire and was about to step out from behind the pillar when I heard a noise behind me. I turned in surprise. In the darkness there was a man sitting on one of the chairs. He was bending over, tying the shoelaces of his dance shoes.
Had he seen me? I could not tell. I jumped out from my hiding place and rushed to Eric. In my panic I forgot about my panties situation and they slipped out of my ass cheeks. With my face burning I faced the hall, quickly reached behind and wedged them back to their place again.
I scanned the hall again. There were more people there now. The class started at 7. It was, according to the clock on the wall 6:59.
"Good evening folks!" Pamela shouted. "This is our second class, and I am happy that everybody is back and eager to learn. Gentlemen, to the wall on my left please, ladies to the wall on my right"
We followed the instructions. I looked over the line of men opposite of me and I knew Pamela was wrong.
Two men were missing. Steve, one of my previous dance partners appeared right away. He stepped out from the pillar I had been hiding a minute ago, and ran to join the other men. He fixed his gaze to a spot right in front of his shoes. I saw he was blushing to his ears. I felt an aching tremble in my nether region.
The other man, the one I was waiting for remained absent.
We learnt a couple of new steps. I danced with Eric. I made many mistakes. When we stopped I instantly looked around. I was sure he knew what (who) I was looking for.
Once I caught Steve's eyes. He looked away and his face went red again.
I managed to keep my panties between my ass cheeks most of the time. I had to do a few quick adjustments but Eric always provided cover. Nevertheless my butt started aching, the front of my panties hanged halfway below my crotch.
It was hot and we worked up a sweat. Towards the end of the class during a break Eric made a strange face.
"What is it?" I asked. I looked around alarmed.
"Relax, he is not here." Eric leaned closer to my ear. "But I think I can smell your pussy."
He leaned back, I looked at him in disbelief.
"It's awfully hot in here." He added, picked up our water bottle and offered it to me. I looked him in the eyes.
"You're pulling my leg."
"Maybe I am, maybe I'm not. You'll find out soon enough."
With that we were back on the dance floor. Only for as short time though, because Pamela stopped the music and announced that it was time for changing partners.
Unlike last week this time it was not simply moving forward to the lady in front of you. This time the men were free to choose. Eric bowed his head to me and before I could say a word he was off. He headed to the other side of the hall.
I stood alone. I felt the familiar terror creeping up to my legs. I also felt the tingling in my half covered pussy. Then I smelled a familiar scent, I inhaled deeply and I realized in panic that I was smelling the scent emanating from my wet pussy. I breathed deep again to check. The scent was gone. Was I hallucinating? Did I smell the pussy of another woman? No, it must have been me, I was sweating, and my pussy could freely release its vapours into the air.
I cursed Eric for putting the thought in my head.
I short ginger lady appeared next to me. She looked about fifty and had a friendly smile.
"Hello, I'm Greta. I'm afraid we are short on males, but I wouldn't mind stepping on the feet of a fellow girl."
I was speechless. This was an unexpected turn of events to say the least. I forced a smile hoping that Great did not see my disappointment.
"I'm Beatrix, nice to meet you Greta. Trust me, your feet are in bigger danger than mine."
"That's reassuring Beatrix. Beautiful name by the way. Do you want to be the girl or the boy?"
"What the hell, you look like a flower you cannot play a man!" She laughed seeing my hesitation and put her arm around my waist.
Just in time as the music started again. We moved and stepped in each other's way.
'"My fault Beatrix. I've already forgotten that I am supposed to be the boy."
We managed to move forward at the second time. Dancing with Greta was hell. She was a lovely lady but she clearly wasn't familiar with the male steps. Not that I could blame her, I would have been equally clueless in her shoes. She was also a head shorter than me, I was used to Eric towering above me. I could conveniently look over her head which made me feel exposed, I could not hide my face into my man's neck.
Also her eyes were in level with my boobs, and because of my sweating the dress started to cling to my curves. I was conscious that my nipples could easily poke through my thin bra. Luckily they were calm. There was also the question of the pussy scent Eric mentioned. Greta's nose were closer to my pussy, could she smell anything?
With perfect timing my panties freed themselves from their prison. For a terrible moment I imagined them falling to my ankles, and I falling over, showing my naked butt to everyone while pulling Greta's face between my tits.
I did not happen. The panties stuck to my wet skin, but I knew well that they could fall at any moment. My imagination had its effect on me, my nipples started to stiffen. Right in front of Greta's face!
Stop, I wanted to scream. Why were we still dancing? What would Greta think of me smelling my wet pussy, and seeing my nipples hardening while I danced with her?
I was aroused, I wanted to push Greta away, run to Eric and offer myself to him on all fours in the middle of the circle of dancers. Maybe next time, I thought and couldn't help to chuckle.
"I'm glad you are enjoying my company Beatrix." Greta said. I felt the blood rushing to my cheeks. Clearly Greta thought I was horny for her. I was never attracted to women, and I found the idea of having sex or any kind of intimacy with them a bit revolting. On the other hand with my new found desires having sex with a women was something I wanted to try.
"Your chuckle." Greta added. "You must be happy if you laugh like that."
"Yes, I am. We are not a bad couple." I looked down into her eyes.
She did not react, and shortly the music stopped. She let me go and stepped back. The class was over, I sighed a deep sigh.
And my panties slid down to my ankles. I yelped and crouched down to pull them up as quickly as possible. I stood up and realized that Greta was still standing in front of me. I froze.
"Go on!" She nodded. "I cover you Beatrix."
I yanked my panties up, pulled them firmly in butt crack, and smoothed down my dress. Greta was a short woman but her body provided enough cover and I managed to complete the task without drawing any attention.
"Little wardrobe malfunction, happens to the best us." All this time Greta was looking me in the eyes, never her gaze wandered south. "It was nice dancing with you. Take care."
Before I could say anything she turned and walked away. I looked around to find Eric, and saw him talking with Pamela. I saw her briefly touching his arm. They both laughed, and then Eric walked to me.
We collected our items and left.
The air was fresh and cool outside. There was a full moon in the clear sky. We got into the car.
"Penny for your thoughts?" Eric asked as we turned on the main road.
"I am horny, frustrated, and angry. The bastard from last week had the nerves to not showing up when I prepared for him. I mooned a bloke. No men wanted to dance with me. I almost poked a nice lady's eyes out with nipples, and dropped my panties in front of her. It was a great evening and now I want to get fucked."
"Best penny ever spent."
"Too bad he did not show up." Eric said after a brief silence.
"Yes. I'm fuming a bit to be honest."
"Is that so?"
"Yes. He was so full of himself, it was toxic. Like... when you smoke a cigarette even though you know well how dangerous it is if you get addicted."
"Then maybe it is a good thing he stayed away."
"But... Don't laugh, but I feel humiliated. A week ago he manhandled my ass, and I was putty between his hands, and now he has the nerve to disappear?"
"Maybe you are not his type. Or he got scared. Or got hit by truck. Yes, got hit by a truck most probably."
"I hope... nobody degrades me and walk out on me just like that."
"You are crazy. Give me your panties!"
I looked at Eric in surprise. He let go of the steering wheel with one hand. I shrugged, reached down and wiggled out of my underwear. I placed my panties in his hand. He took it to his face and inhaled it. It was probably unnecessary, my exposed pussy steadily filled the air with its scent.
"You need to do better that that, if you want to push my buttons." I said.
"Look out." Was his reply.
I looked out the dashboard and realized we were not heading home.
"I thought it would be good to air your stinking woman parts before we go home."
He smiled mischievously. I sat with my legs apart. The windows were up but neither of us bothered to let in the fresh air. We drove on breathing in my musky smell.
We arrived to our destination in a couple of minutes. It was Kavalerist hill, a leisure park and nature reserve. We visited the place many times, as it was only a half an hour walk from our place. It had a nice view of the city. We did not go to the park proper. Eric parked at the side of the road leading up to the hill. I saw the lights of the whole city as I looked out of the window on my side.
"Well, this is where you get out and air your pussy." Eric told me.
I hesitated for a second, but opened the door and got out. I stood, looking down the city.
"Shut the door!" I reached behind my back and closed door without turning back. I heard the humming of the window sliding down.
"Beautiful isn't it?" I heard Eric.
"Yes."
"Aren't you cold?"
The breeze was stronger up here, and I felt goosebumps forming on my exposed arms and legs. My nipples hardened, but that was not just the cold.
"No." I lied.
"Good, now air that pussy, raise your dress so the breeze can vent it properly."
I got hold of my dress and raised up to my navel.
"Legs apart Bee!"
I parted my legs. I felt the cold breeze blowing through my bush, tickling the hair. And I felt it on my wet pussy too. I shivered in delight. There I stood, lit by the moonlight, above the city, home of half a million people, exposing my most intimate part to everyone. I looked up to the sky and moaned to the Moon.
Eric got out of the car too, walked around and stood next to me.
"Breathtaking." He said. He reached out and grabbed my ass. We stood like this for a while.
"How about we fuck?" Without waiting for an answer he turned me around. With a gentle push he made me lean forward through the car window. My upper body was in the car, and my bare lower half outside at the mercy of my husband.
I felt his hand sliding between my legs and feeling up my pussy. The cool breeze had nothing to dry up my crotch, I was dripping juices continuously. He moved between my legs, his trousers brushed against my thighs.
I wanted to yell at him to take me. I breathed heavily, my fingers twisted, my nails scratched the fabric of the seat. I stared into the darkness of the car. My whole world narrowed to my aching pussy. Eric pushed the head of his penis to the opening and without hesitation, without teasing he drove his hip forward burying his cock deep into my pussy.
I drew a deep breath in delight as he was inside me to the hilt. He started fucking in earnest. Long, hard pushes, his hands holding my hips, our thighs slapping against each other. I moaned louder and louder, as my lust reached new heights.
There was no technique or finesse in our coupling. There was a man taking his woman, his cock pushing its way relentlessly into her pussy.
I could not come without stimulating my clit, but I did not want to touch it, I wanted to go on like this forever. Or at least until sunrise. It was almost unbearable and it was entirely delirious.
"I cannot... hold it back for too... long Bee. Go for it!" I heard Eric's voice through his heavy breathing.
I reached between my legs with one hand. I hold back a moment, but common sense took over I touched my clitoris and rubbed it.
It felt like I ceased to exist. My body imploded and shrunk to a tiny point in the universe. A tiny, scorching hot super dense point, which in the next moment exploded and I rode on the shock wave with the speed of light.
After an eternity my other senses came back. I heard myself screaming in ecstasy, my jaw hurt for opening my mouth so wide. My legs shook violently, and I could not stop frantically rubbing my clit.
To increase the sensory overload I experienced, Eric's penis twitched and swelled in me and he started shooting his load. Again, again, and again.
All strength left my body, I collapsed on the car door, the window frame uncomfortably cutting into my waist. I did not care.
Eric moved away from me, then the door on the driver's side opened and he enter the car. I was still collapsed on the door, my face on the seat. I turned my head to look up at him. He was still catching his breath but could not stop grinning.
"This was a lovely fuck." He said and burst into laughter. I joined as best as I could.
"Everything all right?" I could not reply right away. His sperm started oozing from my open pussy, trickling down my thigh. It was tickling. I was burning a minute ago but now my exposed bottom half felt like freezing. The window frame became more and more uncomfortable.
"Yes." I lied.
I knew we were ought to leave, and get to bed. We had to work tomorrow. I simply did not want to. It was great hanging in the window like a used sex doll with bare ass, hairy cunt, and cum covered legs.
I imagined my white ass reflecting the moonlight. My wonderful husband did not say a thing and I enjoyed the pleasant uncomfortability for a while.
Finally I forced myself off the seat snaked out of the window and stood up. The dress fell down its place.
"Hang on! You cannot sit in the car like that. Your pussy is leaking cum. I want you to take off the dress and sit on it!"
I moaned in pleasure. How I loved this man! I raised my head and pulled the dress over my head while I stared at the full moon. I stood at the side of the road wearing my black bra and dancing shoes. I did not want to move, I wanted everyone to see my body.
Suddenly a streak of light appeared down the road and I heard the noise of an oncoming car. I yelped, tore open the door, threw the dress on the seat and dived in in a heartbeat.
Eric and I looked at each other and burst into laugh. When we calmed down he leaned over and kissed me.
When he broke the kiss, he reached behind me and unhook my bra. He took the safety belt pulled across and attached it to its lock. He pulled the straps of the bra off my shoulders. They fell down, the only thing holding the bra covering my tits was the belt.
"Let's go home!" He said.
"I'm such a lucky girl" I whispered.
"Pardon?"
"I'm such a lucky girl!" I repeated loud and proud.