"Can we...get started...on my...bed bath...now?" James looked up at me from his hospital bed as he waited for an answer. I didn't want to embarrass him, but it was going to take more than just a bath to get rid of his horrendous body odor. It was time to stop playing games and get to work...or so I thought. He didn't wait for my reply as he returned to staring at my crotch.
James wasn't being discreet this time, but I continued to squat down by his left arm anyway. I kept a straight face as I looked down at him and replied, "I need to be totally honest, but I don't think a sponge bath is going to get the job done. Would you mind if I gave you a shower instead?"
James remained expressionless as he continued to blatantly look up my skirt, "I...want to...be honest...with you...too..." He hesitated for bit, and appeared somewhat uncomfortable with what he wanted to tell me.
"I don't...mean to...upset you...but, I can...see up...your skirt...from...down here." His frankness at that moment was quite unexpected, leaving me at a loss for words. I've flashed many patients during a shift, but only a very few ever said something to me about it. Furthermore, those men waited until I was done exposing myself.
I gave him a sheepish smile as I quickly stood up, and replied with a feeble "Oops!" He'd just called me out on my flashing, and there was no point in being coy with him about it now. He'd already seen my breasts a few times, and it was clearly obvious that it didn't bother me. However, I wasn't about to admit that I was an exhibitionist either. He'd been polite about everything so far, but I still felt a bit uncomfortable with his forward approach.
James bailed me out by speaking first, "I'm not...trying to...be a...pervert, but...I just...thought you...should know. I'm sorry...but I...couldn't...look away." He paused for a few seconds before completing his statement, "Now I...know why...you wanted...to keep...your...lab coat...on." His sincerity was disarming, and made me feel a little better. He added, "I understand...if you're...upset with...me, and...want...to leave...the shift...early." I didn't know what to say.
I was tired from squatting at his bedside though, and needed to sit down before I could give him a more thoughtful reply. I grabbed a nearby folding chair and placed it right where I'd been squatting a few moments ago, beside his left shoulder. I kept my thighs together this time, and folded my arms across my chest to hide my nipples from view. I continued to perspire profusely, which rendered my camisole practically transparent. He made eye contact again as I looked down at him, and he appeared to deliberately avoid looking at any other part of my body this time. I knew this must have been difficult for James, as my skirt remained bunched up around my sticky, upper thighs.
He remained silent as I sat there and pondered over my reply. The rhythmic breathing pattern of his ventilator was the only thing that broke the awkward silence. I'm a horrible liar, and didn't want to make things more awkward by insulting his apparent intelligence. It was easier for me to say whatever came to mind spontaneously, rather than make up some contrived excuse.
"I'm not upset with you..." I paused, unsure of what I wanted to say next. "I'm the one who should be sorry for coming to work like this." I looked squarely into James' eyes as I spoke, making it clear that I wasn't trying to deceive him. "I picked the wrong day to not wear underwear, and that's totally my fault. I really am fine with completing my shift though, even if things are kind of awkward." I didn't care if he believed me or not, but that was the truth. I felt obligated to finish the shift.
James appeared to believe me, though. I joked, "Besides, now we're even." I glanced over at his penis for emphasis, and winked at him as I started to smile again. We laughed out loud together at my last statement, and that seemed to put us both as ease. I also noticed that he wasn't erect anymore, and that his penis had retracted back into his body.
His expression changed to one of genuine confusion as he raised his right eyebrow, "So...you really...don't care...that I...can see...your...uh...private parts?" James was still doubtful about my apparent lack of modesty, but I truly appreciated his polite demeanor. I wanted show him that I meant what I said, and to "reward" his respectful behavior towards me.
"The proper terminology for those parts would be the breasts and the vagina, but no, I really don't mind." I sat straight up in the chair and took a deep breath as reached up behind my head with both arms to undo my ponytail, allowing James to see my nipples again through the sheer material of my outfit. I'd torn the left strap of my camisole earlier in the shift, so the left side of my top slipped down past my breast as I reached up behind my head with my left arm. I left it that way as I let my damp hair fall to my shoulders.
James didn't react like a typical male though, and stared at my chest with a curious look on his face. It looked like he didn't believe what he was actually seeing. I took my time as I massaged and scratched the back of my scalp with both hands, watching James as he watched me. I'd never done anything like this, and I realized that I was growing sexually aroused again by this turn of events. Unfortunately, the high humidity in the room and James' strong body odor continued to be a serious distraction. I needed to get started on his am care as soon as possible.
I gathered my sweat soaked hair back up into a ponytail as James remained focused on my naked left breast. He appeared to be studying all the little details of my areola and nipple, as if he'd never seen one before. I smiled at him and asked, "Is everything ok?"
That was enough to get him to make eye contact again. "I've never...seen a...real woman's...body...like this...before today." The look in his eyes gave me the impression that he was telling the truth. "This is...the best...day...of my...miserable...life...thank you." His brief expression of happiness quickly turned to one of anger, or bitterness.
"I've been...disabled...since...I was...a kid." The tone of his voice grew more serious, and tears welled up in his eyes, "I've never...had...a girlfriend, and...my aunt...is a...conservative...bitch...about women...and sex." A tear trickled down his left cheek as he spoke, "She does...everything...she can...to prevent...me...from seeing...anything that...might have...sex...or naked...women...in it. She still...treats me...like a...child!" It sounded like he wanted to cry, and it was heartbreaking. "My aunt...won't even...let me...have any...friends. She controls...everything...about my...life, including...my regular...nurses."
The last thing he said actually upset me. Nurses are supposed to respect a patient's right to self determination and independence, and It seemed like James was being emotionally abused by his own aunt. She denied him a normal social life, and apparently didn't allow him to explore his own human sexuality. I wasn't one of his regular nurses though, and I wasn't going to let a person like that dictate how I cared for my patients. I was going to do whatever I thought was in James' best interests, not hers. He was the patient.
James was interrupted by a wet, gurgling cough, and it sounded like mucous had built up in his tracheostomy. The high pressure alarm on his ventilator started to beep loudly, confirming that there was a partial occlusion of his airway.
I didn't want to waste any time covering my left breast again, so I stood up immediately and looked around his room for the bedside suction machine. This happens quite frequently with a ventilator dependent quadriplegic. Some require tracheal suctioning every few hours, while others may require suctioning a few times an hour.
I located the suction machine right away, sitting on a rolling tray near the head of James' bed. I quickly walked around the foot of the hospital bed, until I stood beside the right side of his head. He could still breathe, but the ventilator alarm continued to sound off. His hospital bed was all the way down to the floor, and the head of his bed was totally flat.
I silenced the vent alarm and pulled the tray with the suction machine closer to me as I kicked off my shoes and knelt down on the mattress, inches away from James' head. It's easier for me to suction a patient when they're completely supine and the jaw is tilted upward slightly, so I leaned over at my waist and adjusted his head until it was in the proper position.
My knees were spread apart at shoulder's width for balance, with my left knee planted by the right side of his head. My right knee rested against his right bicep, pinning his right arm against his body. I knelt vertically with my thighs parallel to my upper body, while my knees remained bent at a 90* degree angle. The vertical, or high kneeling position, is also recommended when performing chest compressions during cpr.
James apparently appreciated the high kneeling position as well, with my bare pussy hovering a few inches above his face as he continued to cough and gag on his own mucous. He slowly turned his head slightly to his right, towards me, his eyes wide open.
I still had to put on a clean pair of gloves and open a new, sterile suction catheter, but James' clearly didn't mind the delay. I wanted him to relax though, as some patients tend to panic when they start to cough or choke for an extended period of time. I deadpanned, "Don't get the wrong idea, mister. You're lucky I didn't wear pants today."
James tried to laugh, but wound up coughing quite hard instead, partially clearing his own airway! I still needed to clear the remaining mucous from his tracheostomy though, and remove the excess mucous from the flex tube.
I smiled as I looked down at him, but James appeared completely preoccupied with looking up at my uncovered vagina. I moved nonchalantly, despite feeling intensely aroused by the unusual circumstances. My pussy grew quite wet, and hot, as I briefly considered the idea of sitting on his face.
Most guys would've tried to take advantage of my situation, but James wasn't behaving like most guys. I knew he had to be a virgin, and it turned me on. It felt like I was giving him an opportunity that he never had! The fact that I was a closet exhibitionist made it even more thrilling, as it played into my own selfish desires.
I was so turned on that I'd also considered allowing him to touch me if he tried, but he never moved. He appeared content to simply gaze up at my crotch as I performed the task at hand. I disconnected his vent circuit and aspirated a large amount of mucous on my first pass with the suction catheter. More mucous remained though, and I needed to follow up by rinsing the catheter with normal saline before I could make another pass. I reconnected his vent circuit to increase his oxygen saturation, and stood up again to use the bottle of saline that rested on the tray behind the suction machine.
James extended his right arm away from his body as soon as I stood up, and appeared to be reaching for a small towel on the floor beside his bed. He moved slowly though, and I was ready to make another pass with the suction catheter before he'd grabbed the towel.
I didn't wait for him as I knelt down on his mattress again, straddling his right arm between my knees in the process. I planted my left knee beside his head again as my right knee rested against the right side of his rib cage. I also knelt much lower this time, with my thighs bent at my pelvis as my butt hovered just above my heels. I knew that my crotch was now just a few inches above his outstretched arm, but this lower position allowed me to adjust the angle of the suction catheter more effectively.
James turned his head away from me this time, and looked up at the ceiling instead, as I disconnected his vent circuit again and placed it down by his lap. I leaned forward as I suctioned him again, but inadvertently triggered his gag reflex this time as I ventured too deeply with the suction catheter.
His body shuddered involuntarily, and his right arm suddenly jerked upward and into my crotch! I yelped at the unexpected impact, and instinctively moved up and forward to avoid further contact. His right arm continued to drive upward into my pussy though, forcing me off balance!
I'd been leaning over James as I continued to grasp the suction catheter and tubing with both hands, so there was nothing I could do to halt my forward momentum. I fell across James' upper body, and landed on top of his chest as I braced myself using only my elbows.
The top of his forearm had wedged itself up against my wet and swollen labia, before it slid a few inches rearward, towards my buttocks! I took a deep breath as I felt the soft skin of his slender arm slide along the ridges of my engorged lips, the sensation sending a shiver of pleasure through my entire body. I became acutely aware of his bony knuckles as they dug into the lower part of my buttocks, and realized that he wasn't actually trying to grope me.
A normal guy would've turned his palm upward to feel my pussy, or tried to penetrate me using his fingers. He didn't even try to grab or squeeze my ass, which is usually what most men have done "by accident."
Unfortunately, I also noticed the powerful stench of his body odor as it emanated from his left armpit! His ventilator started to beep loudly as well, indicating a leak or low pressure this time. James could still breathe, or sprint, without his vent for a minute or two, but he needed to be reconnected as soon as possible.
The intimate contact ended as abruptly as it had started, when his arm suddenly relaxed again. I wondered at that moment if James had noticed my reaction to his touch. I propped myself up using my elbows and got back to my knees as quickly as I could, concerned about the possibility that I might have injured him during my fall.
We looked at each other immediately, as soon as I was up on my knees. The shocked expression on his face mirrored mine, neither of us expecting something quite like that to happen! I wasn't upset about it, though. I mentioned earlier that I'd considered allowing him to touch me, although this wasn't exactly what I had in mind.
He looked genuinely scared at that moment, apparently worried about my reaction to what had just happened. Our eye contact was brief this time, as his focus quickly shifted back to my bosom. I followed his direction towards my chest, and realized that both of my breasts were now exposed!
The top of my camisole had been pushed down to my stomach, by the friction between our sticky bodies, as I fell onto James. The severed right shoulder strap dangled from the front of my dress, confirming its uselessness. There were more important things to worry about though, as the vent alarm continued to beep. I ignored the fact that I was topless as I quickly reconnected his vent circuit to his trach, before noticing the small streak of clear vaginal fluid that glistened across his right arm! It was me that was suddenly worried about James' reaction to contact with my own bodily fluids!
I quickly grabbed the nearby towel and immediately wiped his right arm dry as I apologized, "Sorry about suctioning too deeply. I didn't mean to make you gag like that." I couldn't help but notice how my naked breasts, covered with perspiration, swayed back and forth slightly as I wiped his arm dry. I looked up to see James closely watching their movement as well, hoping it was enough to distract him from noticing the vaginal secretions on his arm.
This was going to be awkward, no matter what I said. I avoided looking at James after that, as I removed my gloves and put away the suction equipment. I stepped away from the bed and turned my back to him as I pulled my top up over my breasts again.
James spoke after taking a few deep breaths from his ventilator, "I'm really...sorry about...my arm...I didn't...mean to...do that." He paused to take a few more breaths, "I have...spasticity...at times."
Spasticity is a muscle control disorder that is usually caused by damage to the portion of the brain or spinal cord that controls voluntary movement, although it's more commonly seen in patients with multiple sclerosis. I knew that he was telling the truth though, and that his movement was completely involuntary. It didn't feel deliberately sexual, the way other men have groped me in the past.
Besides, it was my fault for putting myself in that position in the first place. He didn't need to apologize for anything, and I wanted to assure him that everything was fine.
I held my top up with my right arm across my chest as I turned around to face James. A look of disappointment crossed his face when saw that my breasts were covered up again. He said, "I didn't...mean to...touch you...there. Please...don't be...angry...with me."
I smiled warmly at James, "What makes you think I'm angry? It was my fault for practically sitting on your arm like that! I know it wasn't intentional."
He replied, "I could...see up...your skirt...the first time...you knelt...next to...me, but...I couldn't...see anything...the second...time. I thought...I upset...you, so...I stopped...looking." He paused to take a few more breaths before going on, "...and you...covered your...chest again." He stared at my bosom as he spoke, appearing almost desperate for one more peek.
I thought about what I could do to reassure him that everything really was ok. I lowered my right arm, and deliberately exposed my breasts to James once again. I continued to smile at him, but he didn't seem to notice as his attention quickly returned to my bare chest. The way he looked at me made me feel good about myself, and I felt more comfortable around him. I wanted him to know that I didn't mind showing myself to him at that moment.
We both continued to sweat profusely in his hot and humid bedroom. Beads of perspiration trickled down the sides of his face as streams of sweat ran down my breasts and cleavage. I remained that way for a few seconds, but the high temperature in the room made it feel much longer. I started to second guess myself as I stood there topless before James.
He finally made eye contact again after a few more seconds, and looked at me squarely in the eyes as he spoke, "Thank you...for not...treating me...like a...freak. No woman...has ever...done anything...like this...for me. Most women...never even...look my...way." Tears welled up in his eyes again as he continued, "They only...see a...crippled guy...in a...wheel chair."
He grew short of breath as he struggled to speak in longer sentences, and needed time to catch his breath. He resumed staring at my glistening breasts as he paused get more oxygen. I didn't know how to respond to him just then, but his statement actually made me feel better about my decision to expose myself to him. It felt like it was the least I could do for him.
I glanced down at James' penis and noticed that he was erect again, although it appeared quite different this time. It looked like it had grown at least another inch, to approximately 6 or 7 inches. Furthermore, it now appeared to have an unusual, lateral curve to it, almost like a banana! I'd never seen a penis quite like this, and I've seen more than I can remember.
It extended outward from his body at an angle, towards his right, and curled towards the top of his atrophied right thigh. It was actually disproportionately large to his small, frail body. I didn't know if James understood just how well endowed he was, quadriplegic or not.
I didn't realize that I was openly staring at James' erection, until he spoke again. "I'm really...sorry...about my...dick. He has...a mind...of his...own." I felt myself blushing as I looked back towards James' face, embarrassed that I'd been caught staring at his erection.
He misunderstood my reaction though, and apologized again, "I...didn't mean...to offend...you." He paused, waiting for his ventilator to deliver more air. "Please...don't take...this the...wrong way, but...it's never...been...this hard...in my...entire...life." James was serious, and appeared truly remorseful about it.
My official nursing diagnosis at this point was that James' statement had indicated a knowledge deficit related to the male body's natural response to female stimuli. Therefore, it was my obligation to educate him. (Dry nursing humor here, apologies to the uninitiated.)
I don't consider myself a funny person, but I'll try humor if I think it's appropriate. "Seriously James, don't worry about it. I've seen a lot of erections, or hard ons etc., in my line of work. It tells me that you don't find me ugly, or at least I hope not!" I smirked at him as I spoke, but he didn't seem to get my joke.
He looked even more bewildered by my attempt at humor, tilting his head to one side in confusion. "So, you...don't think...I'm being...rude? My aunt...always...said that...it was...very rude...of me." He appeared impatient as he paused again, apparently frustrated by the ventilator's constant interference with his ability to speak.
He continued, "She said...it meant...I had...a dirty...mind. I...figured...you thought...I was...being...a pervert." He stared into my eyes, as if he sought my forgiveness, or approval.
I stared back and smiled as I shook my head in disbelief. "Your aunt is clueless about men. I don't mean to disrespect her, but she doesn't know what she's talking about." I actually thought she was a bitch, though. She apparently used guilt to manipulate poor James, making him feel bad about his own sexuality. He needed to know that his behavior was acceptable.
"Almost all men get erect, or hard, at different times for different reasons. It's totally normal for a man to get hard when he sees a woman he finds attractive, unless he has some physiological problems."
I continued, "Different types of excitement can cause an erection, as well as tactile stimuli. It doesn't even have to be sexual in nature, so it doesn't mean you have a dirty mind. It makes you a pretty typical guy."
I happened to look over at James' penis again I spoke, and was shocked to see that it had apparently grown almost another inch or so, to approximately 8" inches in length. It still remained quite slender though, and made me wonder how such a curved penis might feel inside of me.
Exceedingly thick, or wide, penises usually cause me pain, but long, slender ones are more manageable. I'm not particular about size though, as technique and rhythm play a more crucial role when it comes to achieving orgasm, for me anyway. I digress.
I tried to look away quickly, but James caught me staring again and asked, "Does it...look ok...to you...or is it...deformed...like the...rest of...me? My aunt...said it was...hideous."
James' aunt was more cruel than I initially thought, and apparently said some very unkind things to him. I said, "Well, some guys have more distinctive characteristics than others, but yours looks pretty normal to me. It's definitely longer than average, in my opinion."
My answer seemed to surprise him at first, as if he didn't expect me to say something complimentary. "Seriously...please be...honest...with me."
I took his statement as an invitation "study" his erection more closely. "Don't take this wrong way, but it reminds me of a banana. I've seen a few that curve upward, and some that curve downward. I've also seen a few that had a slight bend to either the left or right side, but I've never one that curved to the side the way yours does."
I wanted to make him feel better about himself, but I also sensed the growing sexual tension between us. I don't mind talking to patients about their own genitalia as it pertains to work, but being topless during this particular conversation seemed to completely change the context of everything. It really was time to cover myself up and get back to work.
I said, "It feels weird just standing here with my boobs hanging out, so I'm going to put my lab coat back on and get started with work." I pulled my top up over my breasts as I spoke, and held it up with my left arm this time. I asked, "Is there anything else you want to ask before we get going with your morning shower?"
James remained respectful, and verbalized his sincere appreciation, "There is...nothing...I can...say...or do...that...will ever...show you...what this...means...to me." Tears of happiness welled up in his eyes this time as he continued, "I still...can't believe...this happened...today, but...I'm grateful...to you."
I winked at him and said, "Please, don't mention this to Annie. I'm pretty sure she'd have me fired for this, based on everything you've told me about her." James expression grew serious again as he replied, "Are you...serious? I'm...disabled, not...stupid. Anyway...I'm ready...when...you are."
I stepped away from his bedside and grabbed my lab coat from the other chair by the wall. It was better to be hot and physically uncomfortable, rather than deal with another potentially awkward situation. I stood in front of the mirror and turned away from James as I pushed my useless top down to my waist, and put the lab coat back on. The coat only had 3 vertical buttons, with the topmost button located just above my navel.
The lapels formed a deep, "V" shaped, plunging neckline which barely covered my nipples, and extended downward until it reached the first button. Most of my upper chest and inside cleavage still remained exposed though, making it obvious that I wasn't wearing anything underneath.
The last 2 buttons were spaced approximately 3" to 4" inches apart, with the middle button fastening just above my waist, and the bottom button fastening just above my crotch. Unfortunately for me, it also felt really snug around my waist and hips, where the top of my dress remained bunched up.
The last button was low enough to keep my crotch concealed though, so I took a chance and decided to go completely nude under the lab coat. I unfastened all the buttons and pushed my camisole down to my ankles, before buttoning my coat back up.
I tossed my worthless dress towards my nursing bag as I checked my reflection in the mirror on the wall, and realized that the lab coat actually created a more provocative appearance. A slight shift or movement to either side revealed the dark brown edges of my areola, if not most or all of either nipple.
The bottom part of my lab coat did a slightly better job of keeping my crotch covered when when I stepped forward or backward. However, my pussy came into view when I widened my stance to shoulder width. It was better than nothing though, and it would have to do for now. I noticed James' reflection as he gazed into the mirror from his bed, and realized that he was seeing the same things I did. I asked him, "What do you think, James?"
I placed my hands on my hips, with my elbows bent outward at a 45* degree angle. The posture pulled my lapels apart, completely revealing both breasts again, much to the delight of James. He smiled at me through the mirror and replied, "It works...for me." I grinned back at him and answered, "I'm sure it does." I removed my hands from my hips and adjusted my lapels to cover my boobs again before I turned to face James.
He appeared to wince slightly, before smiling again, "Would you...like to...borrow...one of...my shirts?" I didn't expect him to say that, and my appreciation for his gentlemanly behavior grew even more. I quipped, "So, now you want me to cover up?" I nodded towards James' crotch and added, "By the way, is your 'friend' down there ok?"
His curved erection appeared to be angled towards his right leg, pushing the swollen, purplish head of his penis directly into his inner right thigh. I felt compelled to offer him assistance with repositioning it for his comfort, but decided to wait for him to ask me first. I was still on the fence about giving James the wrong impression, even though he'd been behaving quite well up to now.
He grimaced this time as he spoke, "I've never...been...this hard...this long...in my...life...but, I'm...not complaining." He slowly moved his right hand towards his penis, but stopped before touching it. He looked up at me and asked, "Do you...mind if...I adjust...myself? My aunt...hates it...every time...she sees...me touch...my own...dick."
I replied, "Annie isn't here, so feel free to touch yourself all you want. It will be our little secret." I winked at him as I smiled, before realizing what I'd just said. It suddenly occurred to me that James might take my statement as encouragement, or permission at the very least, to masturbate in front me. It suddenly reminded me of a past, and truly unforgettable flashing experience.
I've seen, or caught, a few patients masturbating as I walked into their rooms. I've always knocked before entering, and declared my presence before approaching the bedside. However, a few still tried to claim that they simply didn't hear me approaching, or weren't "paying attention," when I knocked on their doors.
Some patients even admitted to being close to ejaculation, and didn't mind if a nurse "happened" to walk in on them. They'd go so far as to invite me to stay and watch, although I politely declined about 99.9% of the invitations. I felt that all of those patients would've used that as an excuse to push my professional boundaries. The irony is that I never flashed any of those particular patients.
The 0.01% that I did watch masturbate to ejaculation were very special patients to me. One of them, "Bill", was an elderly man in his late seventies who was exceedingly polite and kind. He was chubby and bald, but had a full, thick, white beard. He wasn't particularly attractive by any means, but he had what I call a "beautiful soul." He admitted that he hadn't been aroused by any other woman for over 30 years, and that my conduct and compassion towards him made him feel like he was the luckiest man alive at any age.
He'd said the way I touched him, when I took his vital signs at the start of my shift, was enough to arouse him. The sound of my voice during my routine assessment, he claimed, was enough to bring him close to ejaculation. He said that I really was a fantasy that came true.
I remember the episode clearly, as if it had just happened the other day. I'd been wearing my burgundy scrubs, with a white, long sleeve compression shirt underneath. It's pretty conservative, and usually what I wear on a regular basis when I don't intend to "accidentally" expose myself.
Bill had been in the TCU, or transitional care unit, for 10 days, and was ready to be discharged to home by the end of my shift. I'd stopped by his room to begin his discharge planning, but ended up assisting him with a discharge of a more intimate nature instead. I enjoy masturbating to this memory quite a bit, to be bluntly honest.
Bill said that he truly respected me, but was afraid that his last request before going home would offend me. He'd waited until the last possible moment to ask me, so that we wouldn't have to see each other again in case it backfired on him.
I told him that he was a special patient, and that it was my sincere privilege to have served him. I told him I couldn't imagine what he could possibly say that would offend me. He'd been thoroughly polite, and had never made any crude or sexual remarks during his brief stay.
Bill admitted that he had an erection every time he saw me, but was afraid to mention it each time. I told him that I wasn't blind, and that I'd noticed his erections every time. I didn't want to embarrass him about it, so I never mentioned it either.
He said he hadn't thought about masturbating for years, until he met me. Bill was still laying in his hospital bed as we spoke, and I watched with fascination as a large bulge gradually appeared beneath his flimsy hospital gown.
I remember how scared he looked as he waited for my reaction. I said, "Bill, I think you should be happy that everything down there still functions like it should! I know men much younger than you who wished they could still get hard."
My response definitely surprised Bill, but it also appeared to boost his confidence. "Would it be ok if I touched myself in front of you?" His eyes grew wide as he spoke, his appearance reminding me of a puppy dog that's begging for a treat.
I remained silent as I left his bedside to shut the door to his room, and then pulled his privacy curtain all the way around his bed. The hospital room doors don't lock from the inside, so the privacy curtain helps to "buy some time" should other hospital staff ever barge in without knocking. I stood beside the foot of his hospital bed, on the right side, as soon as I'd pulled the curtain around us.
Bill's right hand trembled visibly has he reached down and pulled his hospital gown up to his stomach. I knew he wanted me to see his erection, so I obliged him. His penis was circumcised, and appeared to be about 5" inches long. It had a prominent vein running along the shaft, with a sparse amount of gray and white pubic hair at the base. His wrinkled scrotum was quite long and saggy, as it dangled down and rested on the mattress.
His penis alone looked like it could've belonged to someone 30 to 40 years younger though, so it wasn't totally unappealing. I've definitely seen what I consider to be an ugly penis, but this wasn't one of them. The pink skin surrounding the head and shaft still looked smooth and healthy.
The shaft appeared to be on the thicker side, with a slight upward tilt at the end. I remember it quite vividly because I thought that it was perfectly angled for riding a man cowboy style, my favorite position. I looked up at Bill after "admiring" his erection, and gave him my honest opinion. "I think you can still make some women very happy, Bill." I winked at him as I finished my sentence, and saw a huge grin appear on Bill's face.
He started to stroke himself as he continued to look at my face, and I sensed that he wanted to ask for another favor. It crossed my mind that he was going to ask me to give him a handjob, or possibly a blowjob. I didn't have a lot of time to spend with him though, and I still needed to see other patients.
I thought that a handjob might take too long, but felt that a good blowjob might get him to ejaculate more quickly. His penis wasn't bad looking, and it appeared clean and washed. Past experience has taught me that elderly men will either ejaculate very quickly or not at all, in most cases anyway.
Bill surprised me, however, when he didn't want either of those things. He asked, "May I see your stomach?" He sounded more bold now, and I didn't mind his simple request.. I did what he asked without hesitation, although I did give him a bit more than he asked for.
I pulled the front of my scrub top and compression shirt all the way up to my chin, exposing my bra to him in the process. It wasn't anything fancy, but the low cut style of my white demi bra still exposed the upper parts of my large areola as they peeked out above the cups of my bra.
The thin, satin material of my cups revealed the silhouette of my irregular, oval shape areola as well, leaving little to the imagination. The outline of my hard nipples made it clear that I was also enjoying myself.
Bill's eyes immediately grew wide as he suddenly picked up the pace with stroking himself. He stared at my bosom intensely as he became slack-jawed, and began to breath heavily through his mouth. I don't know why, but I can still remember tiny crumbs of food that were embedded in the thick, white beard below his lower lip.
I briefly debated on whether I should go even farther. I thought about untying the draw string to my scrub pants and showing him the front of my crotch as well, but I happened to be wearing cotton boyshort panties at the time.
It wasn't necessary though, as he ejaculated much sooner than I expected. He squeezed his eyes shut as he struggled to suppress a moderately loud grunt. It seemed like he came within 10 seconds or so of me lifting my shirt up! The volume of his ejaculate was even more surprising, giving me the impression that really hadn't masturbated in a long time.
I lowered my the front of my top as soon as he came, but he still continued to pump his swollen erection for a few more seconds. A thick, white stream of semen seemed to pour out with every upward stroke, covering most of his large, wrinkled hand as it slowly trickled into his gray and white pubic hair.
Bill didn't appear to care or notice. His eyes remained closed for a bit longer as he continued to moan softly. A huge smile appeared on his face as soon as he opened his eyes again. I remained silent, but returned his smile as I handed him a large towel.
Bill cleaned himself and covered up before speaking again. He told me that he hadn't been that excited since the first time he'd ever had sex. He went on to say that this moment was even better though because he'd fantasized about me many times, but never thought it would actually come true.
Bill remained a perfect gentleman after that, and never brought it up again during the rest of his discharge planning to home. It's a wonderful memory that we'll share for the rest of our lives. Which brings me back to James.
Many things about James reminded me of Bill, especially his humility and gratitude for everything. I know they deeply appreciated my nursing care, and knew that exposing myself to patients like this would leave them with happy memories that would last them a lifetime. The memory of Bill turned me on so much that I considered doing similar things for James. All he needed to do was ask me.
Back to James. He appeared to wince slightly as he grabbed his apparently painful erection and shifted it away from his right thigh, moving it so that it now rested along the top of his right thigh. James sighed with relief, "Much better...now. I guess...I'm ready...for that...shower...now."
To be continued...