This is a continuing story. Read the previous works to understand the players. As always, all characters are over the age of 18.
*****
I woke up early because I was in a strange bed. The bedroom was strange but quite luxurious. The body beside me was familiar though. The fragrance of Trish's hair and the softness of her skin brought me back to reality. We are here in our vacation home. Our daughters, Tracy and Teri are here with us, as is my sister Jan and our dear friend Sue Fine. The purpose of the vacation is to have relaxing time with our family. Sue and I will be playing golf today, and most days. The others will be enjoying the sun today and then a shopping spree in the afternoon. But my early morning routine will never change.
I moved down Trish's body, nibbling on her pert little nipples, then tasting her belly, and finally teasing her gold clit ring and splitting her labia with my mouth. Trish reacts by spreading her legs. She might be awake. She might be dozing. It's a natural response, no matter what. My tongue explores deeper within her folds, exposing the pinkness and perfection of her pussy. Her hole opens and I push deep to taste the pungent flavor of her sex. Trish's hips begin to rock and she pushes back against my face. As I place my hands on the cheeks of her well preserved ass, she grabs my head and pulls me hard against her mons. My upper lip becomes numb from the pressure. She moves my head from side to side to further stimulate her clitoris. And she cums. I feel the warm wet rush of fluid that flows from within. It fills my mouth. I drink it in. Trish's morning orgasms last for about a minute or more. Then she relaxes again. Sometimes she falls back into a deep sleep. On other days she'll stretch and reach for my hand as I crawl back up her lithe and beautiful body.
This morning she wakes. Like me, she realizes that the room is unfamiliar. Then she remembers. We smile and kiss. She licks her own produce from inside my mouth. I pinch her nipple.
"Mmm, good morning darling. That was nice."
"Would you like some coffee?" I ask.
"Yes please."
I wander into the kitchen. I can smell fresh coffee and I wonder who else might be up. As I round the corner I realize that it's Devon, our master chef. He's dressed in a tshirt and shorts. He spots my morning wood and grins.
"I have a feeling there are a few pretty ladies in the house who might be happy to bump into you like that. Sorry it's only me." He winked and turned away. "Coffee?"
"Yes. Thank you. Pour three mugs. I'll let you take one to Trish. She might enjoy you surprising her. I need to go wake Sue."
I picked up two mugs and walked down the hall to Sue's room. I knocked softly and pushed the door open. Sue was still asleep. Naked. I set the coffee down on the nightstand and pushed the sheet away, exposing her entire body. She and I know each other intimately, but the sight of her always turns me on. I have a sudden desire to fuck her. Sue and I are regular partners in sexual fun and games, often combined with massage. But since we don't live together, we don't wake up together. That makes today a little more special.
I knelt between her legs and admired her slender figure. I love women with small breasts and Sue fits the order nicely. Though, like Trish, she's several years my senior, she's well preserved, and looks much younger than her late forties. Her vagina is hairless and her clit is barely exposed. I grasped her left foot and applied some pressure and massage. Then I did the same with the right. I watched as her pussy relaxed and began to open, ever so slightly. My cock was hard now and I wanted relief. I moved up the bed, holding Sue's feet and spreading her legs. Her eyes opened in surprise. Then she realized what was happening.
She smiled and said, "Well isn't this a treat? I don't usually get an early morning fuck unless it's with a dildo. Is that for me? "
"Yes it is lover. And it's loaded."
"Then put it in me. I'll be happy to play eighteen today with my cunt dripping."
I put the tip at her opening and she thrust herself upward, taking me inside. I gave a few thrusts of my own and soon I was in balls deep. We kept up an earnest pounding motion. I wasn't concerned about lasting long, but I was glad to go for four or five minutes. And I could tell by Sue's grunts and moans that she was liking it too. But I needed to change positions. I withdrew and held her leg and moved it to get her to roll over. She understood right away.
"Oh yeah. Give it to me from behind. You'll hit my g spot."
When Sue was on her knees and spread wide, her skinny ass was completely open to my view and my hands. I shoved my cock back deep inside her puss and rubbed my thumb on her asshole. Sue sighed with pleasure. I pushed my thumb inside. She moaned. I pumped harder and I could feel my seed boiling up inside. I felt it as it rushed up through the veins and I plunged deep into Sue's cunt as I released my first ejaculate of the day. It was a flood and Sue was cumming with me. I felt the warmth in her ass and our combined juices were flowing back out of her vaginal hole. We kept pumping together until we were both nearing exhaustion. Finally she collapsed under me and I laid down on her back. I was breathing heavily in her ear.
"I think I like waking you up in the morning."
"It's nice to have you here to do it." She replied.
"I brought you coffee. I just couldn't resist your body."
"You know you can have it any time you want it."
"I love you Sue. I'm so lucky to have you in my life."
"It goes both ways Rob. You know most people who do what we do, have to sneak around and cheat. You and I are most lucky to have Trish in our lives."
"You can say that again. Speaking of which, I better go check on her. I sent Devon to take her some coffee."
"Oh, that could mean just about anything! Thank you for the morning fuck. I'm serious about wanting to drip your cum all day. Better bring some extra towels."
I leaned in and kissed her as I pushed myself up off her body. My cock was still dripping. I used a tissue to wipe away the excess so I wouldn't be dripping my way back to my bedroom and my wife. I picked up my coffee, took a long sip and headed out the door.
I heard the shower running as I walked into the bedroom. And I saw Devon's clothes on the bed. As I entered the bathroom I could hear voices and it was clear that they were enjoying themselves. I could see Trish and Devon through the glass. She was jacking him off as they both stood under the multiple shower heads.
"Wow Trish. That feels so good."
"C'mon Devon. Shoot it on me."
"Oh yeah. I'm gonna cum!"
"Yeah baby, give it to me."
Devon groaned as he shot his load all over Trish's belly.
I entered the shower and put my arms around Trish from behind. Devon looked a little surprised but then realized that it was OK.
Trish sighed, "I wondered where you went Honey. But I'm glad you're here now. Make me a sandwich."
I pressed my wilting cock into her ass crack as she hugged Devon close and kissed his mouth. We both pushed against her and she moaned her satisfaction with the arrangement. I put some soap on a sponge and started washing us both down. Then I handed it off to Devon so he could continue the bathing. He was apparently comfortable with the mmf three some. We all washed each other, but Trish was the clear center of attention. As we finished, we turned off the water and grabbed some towels and dried ourselves off.
Devon excused himself by saying, "Thanks for that, but I've got to get back to breakfast. He wrapped the towel around his waist and didn't bother to get dressed again. He just grabbed his clothes and dashed off to the kitchen.
I hugged Trish and we kissed.
"That was hot!" I said.
"Yes, I think he liked it. I know I did. Should I ask where you disappeared to? I mean, how do you get distracted from such a simple errand as making coffee? Was it something I said?"
I knew she was teasing me, but I couldn't lie.
"I went to wake up Sue. I took her some coffee and then I got carried away. Do you know how much she enjoys walking around with cum dripping between her legs? She loves it!" I answered my own question. "It's not that I felt obligated, but I don't often get the chance to give it to her so early in the morning."
"I'm glad that you could make her so happy. Really I am. I love her too and you both know that. And thanks for sending Devon in to me. You have been on the receiving end of numerous willing female partners for many years. And you know I'm fine with that. But I like a little variety of men from time to time as well. Especially when they're as handsome and polite as Devon. And Chad isn't bad either. I think this family vacation is going to be sexy, and a lot of fun for us all."
"I'm sure it will be. I think that Devon and Chad understand how welcome they are. Tell me, is there anything you'd like me to do before Sue and I leave for the golf club?"
"I think we'll be OK. We have Devon here in case we need a male on the spur of the moment. Chad will probably come by sometime. Like you said, I think they both will try to be available for our needs, and their own." She winked at me. "Where are we going for dinner tonight? And what time? Any dress up requests?"
"Double check with Chad. I asked him to book a reservation at La Spiga, between 7 and 8. It's Italian. It should be warm enough to eat on the patio there. You can get dressed up if you like. Other people there, will be."
"OK, I'll ask Chad what he would recommend for how dressy. And we can ask at some of the shops on El Paseo today. Maybe I'll find something new to wear. In case I forget to tell you, thank you for bringing us all here. It should be a nice getaway from Sedona. I do like having a chance to dress up. And I brought a few special pieces of jewelry that I don't get to wear as often at home. I love you Rob."
"I love you too Trish. You're the best thing that ever happened in my life."
"Ditto Darling. Now get dressed and have a fun time on the golf course."
We hugged and kissed. Trish slipped on a 'barely there' white gauze sundress. I love it because it's virtually transparent. She teases me with it whenever she wears it. But now she was exiting the bedroom and heading off to tease Devon. And to set the tone for the others. I wondered when they might wake up. And how their day would work out. I wasn't worried about them. They all know how to take care of themselves. But I was curious and I knew that I'd be anxious to hear about their day when we gathered for dinner.
When I walked into the kitchen, Trish and Sue were drinking coffee and laughing together. Devon was cracking eggs and still wearing only the towel around his waist. Trish saw me and giggled. "Sue says she might need an extra towel on the seat of your golf cart today. And she's thinking of taking the one that Devon is wearing. What do you think?"
"I think his towel is already a little damp. But I'm sure you and Jan and the girls will decide if he really needs it or not." I turned to Devon. "Are you going to be all right this morning on your own with this crowd? Should I arrange for Security to stop by and do a welfare check?"
Everybody laughed at that. Devon smiled and looked up from his bowl. "First, I'll feed them. Hopefully I'll do a good enough job that they'll all want to thank me. I think I'll be safe."
"Well, in that case, we will be leaving you now. Are you ready Sue?"
She slipped off her stool and stood up next to Trish. Yes, I'm almost ready." I watched as she lifted her skirt up to her waist, revealing her bright blue thong panty. It coordinated with the skirt and top that she had purchased yesterday. She pulled the triangle aside and wiped a gob of my sperm that was dribbling out of her pussy. She fed her sperm covered fingers to Trish. My dick was beginning to grow at the sight. Trish licked her fingers clean.
"Mmm, I've had my taste Rob. You're going to have to eat up whatever is left today. Or find a big towel."
Sue pushed her skirt back down and patted it into place.
"OK I'm good to go now." She winked at me. We both kissed Trish goodbye. And we headed out the door.
We checked to make sure that we had everything we needed as we got into the golf cart. Sue leaned over and held my head as she gave me a deep passionate kiss. "Thanks for the wake up this morning. I'm still shaking from that orgasm. It's gonna be a great day!"
"We need to behave today though. It's our first day as guests at this club and we're playing with Mark, the head pro. So give me one more kiss and then we need to control our PDA."
She leaned over again and we kissed another long, deep, wet, loving kiss. I put my hand up under her skirt and she rubbed my package through my shorts. There was still some slime on the inside of her thigh. I held up my wet finger when we broke the kiss and then I licked it.
Sue grinned. "There's plenty more where that came from, lover."
We did behave ourselves on the golf course. I think we made a good impression on Mark. We both played well, scoring in the low eighties. I think we can both improve tomorrow since we've seen the course now. Mark was good about offering tips on where to place shots, and we were good about following his advice. I put a hundred dollar bill in his pocket at the end of the day and we thanked him for his time. We confirmed our time with Sally, the assistant pro tomorrow.
As much as Sue enjoyed being on the course with the handsome, and apparently single, Mark, she resisted flirting beyond reasonable limits. She might have flashed her panties very briefly, but nothing blatant or overboard. I think Mark was as impressed with her golf skills as he was with her sexy appearance. It's likely she left him hoping for more. For me, the prospect of playing with Sally is beyond appealing. She's a really hot looking young lady. I'm guessing mid 20s with a knock out figure and a pretty face. If she golfs as good as she looks, it will be fun for sure.
After a late, light lunch and cool drinks, we headed back to the house. The Bentley was gone from the garage, indicating that the girls were still out shopping. We walked inside and it was quiet.
"It looks like we've got the place to ourselves for a while. How about a swim?" Sue asked as she put her hand on my arm.
"That sounds perfect. I need to get out of these clothes."
"Me too. I'll see you in the pool in a minute." She let go and started down the hallway to her room, stripping off her shirt as she walked. I had to watch. I just love seeing pretty women taking off their clothes.
Once I was undressed I went into the kitchen and opened the refrigerator, looking for some bottled water. Instead I found a pitcher of lemonade and a note from Devon. 'Fresh from the lemon trees in the yard, just like the orange juice in the morning.' I filled two glasses with ice and poured from the pitcher. I took a sip and it turned into a long gulp. Delicious. I refilled the glass as Sue came around the corner.
Words can't describe how much I love to look at her naked form. Her breasts are barely large enough to sag, even as she approaches her late forties. Her waxed pussy makes her look like a young girl. And her eyes light up a room. As does her smile. I handed her a glass. She took a sip and mmmed her approval. Then she held the glass to her nipple. Immediately it stiffened. She moved it to the other one. Same thing. Watching this made my cock start to grow. She smiled at me and held the glass to my nipple. I shuttered at the cold, but then my nipples got hard.
"Do you know how much you turn me on?"
Sue reached down and held my penis. "Yes, I think I do. And you know I love doing it to you. Let's go get in the pool." Without letting go, she turned and I quickly followed her out the door. We stepped down into the shallow end of the pool together, still holding our glasses of lemonade and Sue still holding my member. It was growing in her hand. We put our beverages on the deck at the pool's edge and I reached my arm around her and pulled her to me as we floated into the deeper water.
"This has been another great day. What did you think of the course?"
"Beautiful condition. I noticed a lot of women playing. It's the kind of course you can play everyday. Did I behave well enough with Mark?" She winked at me.
"I think you had him wondering about our relationship. And I think he'd like to see more of you, if he could."
"So I was a respectable tease?"
"Yes, very respectable. Now give me a kiss and show me your slutty side." I winked back.
Sue leaned into me and we kissed another one of those romantic, really turned on kisses. She reached down and stroked my ass, reaching even further and teasing my anus. I couldn't resist doing the same to her. We held the kiss as we both probed each other's asses. We were both in up to our first knuckles.
Sue broke the kiss and said, "Slutty enough?"
My dick was growing and she was straddling it. While still poking her butt with my middle finger, I used my other ones to direct my cock into the other hole between her legs. As I slipped inside her, my finger went deeper. She, in response, pushed her finger farther into my backside. My cock jumped and pulsed inside her. I could feel it on my finger tip. Sue wrapped her legs around my waist. Our hips were moving and we were making waves in the pool. Sue continued to press deeper into my butt and she wiggled her finger to add to the stimulation. I returned in kind.
"Oh Rob I'm gonna cum!"
"Come on. Do it!"
I was about to lose it myself. Sue let out a wail when her orgasm began. For the first time since our arrival yesterday, I was concerned about disturbing the neighbors. But it didn't stop us. I grunted loudly as my cock began to throb and shoot like a cannon into her cavern. Realizing how loud she was, Sue bit down on my shoulder to muffle the noise. It hurt enough that I gave a howl. It was a sign of my pain and my pleasure. Even our heavy breathing was loud as we completed our act of love and lust.
When we finally calmed down and the waves began to subside, we heard the distinct sound of hands clapping over the wall next door and then two female voices raised loud enough so we could hear, "Ride him cowgirl! Woo Hoo!" "Send him over here when you're done!"
We both were shocked to know that we had been heard. But in the spirit of the moment we both started laughing. Then quietly smirked at each other, "I didn't think about neighbors. Suppose we ought to invite them over?"
I answered her by saying, "I don't know if I can do a repeat performance. You just drained me girl!"
Sue put her mouth to my ear and nibbled my earlobe. Then she whispered, "if I can make you hard again, will you let me invite them over?"
"Sue! We don't even know who they are, or what they look like. They might be 80 years old."
"Or they might be 18." She smiled at me. "We know that they liked the noise we made. And they know what we were doing...sort of."
Sue repeated her dare. "If I can make you hard again, will you let me invite them over? No promises for anything else. I'm just going to show you off."
"If you can get me hard again." I nodded, somewhat reluctantly, and doubtful that she could do it. Sue unwrapped her legs from around me and quietly took my hand and lead me out of the pool. I stood as she retrieved a pair of towels and we dried off. Then she took my hand and lead me inside. We walked silently down the hall to her room. The bed was neat and I flashed on how we had messed up the linens this morning. Sue went to the bath and returned with a fresh towel. She spread it on the bed and told me to lay down. I sat on the towel and started to lean back.
"No. On your stomach." She ordered.
I rolled over.
I couldn't see, but I heard the sound of the drawer opening on the night stand.
"You liked having my finger in your ass." It wasn't a question. It was a statement. She was fondling my balls. "You liked it, didn't you." Now she was ordering me to respond.
"Yes, I did."
She moved her fingers up my ass crack. For a moment she took her hand away. Then it was back but her fingers were slick. She was applying a lube of some sort. I was beginning to get excited again.
"You love having my fingers in your ass." She probed and I moaned.
"Mmm, yes."
"Would you like to be fucked in your ass?" Now she had two fingers buried deep inside me. They were constantly moving.
My mind wasn't sure, but my cock was saying yes. It was growing.
Suddenly she removed her fingers. But just as quickly she returned. But it wasn't her fingers. I felt pressure and my anus opened willingly. Then I felt a distinct twisting motion, unlike anything I've ever felt there before. My cock sprang to its full length. It was a matter of seconds. I had to shift slightly to accommodate the sudden change.
"Roll over baby. Let me see that organ of yours. I think it's ready to play a favorite tune."
I realized that Sue had inserted a plug in my ass. And as I moved, it moved inside of me. And my dick was hard as a rock. She held it in her strong but petite hand and admired it. Then she brought her head down and put it in her mouth. She sucked on it for most of a minute. It remained rock solid.
"OK baby. It's showtime!" She gave me a little tug, signaling that it was time to stand up. As I did, my cocked bounced almost uncomfortably because it was so hard. But as I walked, the motion of the plug stimulated me even more. I couldn't believe how heavy my penis felt between my legs. When we got to the door Sue lead me back out and she spread a towel on a chaise lounge and had me lay down, this time on my back with my legs splayed open and my soldier standing proudly at attention. Any time I moved, even the slightest, it sent a surge to the front lines.
"Ladies? Are you still there?" Sue called out. "Ladies, next door?"
It was quiet for a moment and then we heard, "Yes. Who's there?"
"My name is Sue. Is there a gate between our yards?"
The walls of the yard were high and covered with greenery. I couldn't see a break for a gate anywhere.
"Yes, there is. In the back corner."
I looked again and I could see that indeed there was a breech in the hedges.
"Would you like to come for a visit? I have fresh lemonade and a treat."
More quiet for a moment. "We're only dressed in bikinis. Should we put on a cover up?"
"Come as bare as you dare." Sue teased them. "I'll meet you at the gate."
She bent over and gave my cock another long suck, leaving it wet and slick.
Then she got up and walked all the way to the gate in the back corner of the yard. She unbolted the latch and opened the large wood gate. It creaked as she pulled it open. I heard a similar sound from the other side. Sue stood back to welcome the strangers. As they stepped into our yard I saw a lot of tan epidermis, and a tiny bit of blue and a dash of orange.
"Welcome to our yard." Sue beckoned them inside. "Have you ever been here before?"
Two attractive young looking bodies looked around the yard. The one in orange replied. "No. I've never been through this gate. I've owned this house for a year, but I've only been here for a month. I've never met the neighbors. Are you the owner?"
"No. I'm Sue Fine and we are guests here for 10 days."
"I had heard that this house is used for rentals, but I've never met anyone here. We hardly even know when anyone is in residence. We heard you, um, well, we heard you. Oh , I'm Sheryl and this is Danni. And, oh my, you're naked."
They all laughed nervously.
"Can I offer you a glass of lemonade? And would you like to meet my friend?" She turned and lead them toward the house, and the patio, and me.
If I wasn't hard enough already, the sight of these two beauties was guaranteed to put some bounce in my boner. Sheryl, in the little orange string bikini was blonde and built like a Sports Illustrated swimsuit model. Full breasts, probably a C cup filling a tiny dual triangle top, a firm flat belly, and wide hips with a teeny little patch of orange covering what had to be a youthful pussy. I'd guess her age in her late twenties. Her companion, Danni, had a slimmer but no less alluring figure, barely covered by a transparent blue string device. I could see a recognizable ww logo on the bottom. Trish has a collection of wicked weasel bikinis so I've seen them before. I liked Danni's suit because, even though it was dry, I could see right through it. As I was taking in the sight before me, they saw me and did a double take. I was still rock solid and standing proud. Danni was the first to acknowledge my presence.
"Oh my! Is this the cowboy you were riding?"
Sue smiled proudly, as if showing off a prized horse. "Yes. He's a handsome stud, isn't he?"
"Is he always this hard?" Danni reached out to touch me. I felt rather like a piece of meat. But a prime piece to be sure.
"We try to keep him inspired. Would you like a glass of lemonade?"
"Yes please," Sheryl answered, "it really is hot today." We all smiled at the double meaning.
"Rob, will you get our friends some lemonade?"
Mind you, I hadn't even spoken yet. I hadn't been introduced. Sue was treating me like the hired help. But I liked it. Without a word I got up and headed for the kitchen. As soon as I took a step my dick started to throb again. It was the plug twisting in my ass. I got two tall glasses out of the cupboard and filled them with ice. I put them on a tray with the pitcher and carried it back outside. The ladies were making small talk but became silent when I approached, my monster standing straight out in front of me.
I put the tray on the table and poured two full glasses.
"Does he speak?" Sheryl asked.
Sue nodded. "Yes, of course."
I handed Sheryl a glass. "Thank you Rob."
"Pleased to meet you Sheryl." I turned to Danni and handed her the other glass. She couldn't resist reaching down and stroking my manhood.
"Very nice Rob. Are you available for hire?"
I ignored the question for a moment while I bent over to retrieve the glasses that Sue and I had left at the poolside. I heard the girls gasp and realized that I had just exposed the jewel of the butt plug that Sue had planted in me. I don't even know what color it is.
Then I decided to be a bit of a smart ass and answered Danni's question.
"I've never been farmed out for a fee before. I suppose you'd need to negotiate with my wife."
Danni looked at Sue. "Would loan him for a reasonable fee? Is he affordable?"
Sue and I exchanged glances, wondering how far we could take this.
"Oh I'm not his wife!" Sue replied. "That would be Trish.
Now it was Sheryl and Danni's turn to exchange wondering glances.
"You mean? You were? And he's parading around here? And he's married? But you're not his wife?"
Sue nodded and giggled. "Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. And no, he's not my husband. Are you girls married?"
"To each other? I mean, no we're both single." Sheryl replied, innocently betraying a possible lesbian relationship. But given the interest they were showing in my unit, that was still incredibly stiff, I would guess that they would admit to bisexuality, or straight, with an occasional girl girl fling. "So where is Rob's wife?" Sheryl redirected the question to Sue.
"Trish is shopping on El Paseo with her sister and her daughters"
"Oh do they live here in the desert?"
"No, we all live in Sedona Arizona."
"Oh I love Sedona." Danni spoke up. "It's such a magical place. So why are you here?"
Sue looked at her and turned the tables. "Do you live here?"
"No I'm just visiting Sheryl. I live in Aspen."
"So you live here Sheryl?"
"Part time. I also have homes in Telluride and Austin."
"That's a lot of impressive real estate for a young single woman," I remarked.
"Yes, I've been blessed. I invested with good people at the right time. I work hands on and learned that I'm a good closer. I started making big money before I was 20."
"You sound a lot like my daughter Tracy. She's a closer and a team leader. She teaches training seminars but she remains the top producer in her organization."
"And what organization is that?"
"She's with what is now Global."
Sheryl was impressed. "Is she here on this visit?"
"Yes she's shopping with her mom and her sister and her aunt ."
"And you and Sue stay home and screw. Do you wear a butt plug all the time? "
"Actually today is the first day. We just got home from the golf course."
"Well if it's the reason your big buddy is so hard, you should wear it all the time. And I think I might ask Trish, when I meet her, if she might loan you out. For a reasonable fee of course."
"I'm willing to bet that she'd be OK with it." I smirked.
Sheryl and Danni raised their eyebrows. "So it's normal for Trish to share you with strangers from next door?" Danni asked.
"I wouldn't say strangers," I replied, "I know your names, and from what I can see, you look friendly, and safe."
They both looked at themselves. Danni laughed quietly and said, "I guess we do look friendly. And yes, I'd say we are. And I might add, that we are even a bit over dressed. But Rob, I'm really curious about the thing in your ass. What made you decide to wear it today?"
I laid back in the chaise and opened my legs wider to reveal the button beneath my scrotum. Just that movement sent another throb into my cock. I was proud to show it off, because it felt so big and heavy. I answered slowly.
"It was Sue's idea. After she wore me out in the pool a little while ago, she wanted to make me hard again. I didn't think it could happen so fast. She proved me wrong."
"Well mister, you look about as hard as any one of those things I've ever seen!" Danni reached over to stroke me again. Sue smiled proudly. Sheryl just stared and sipped her lemonade. I was staring back between Danni's legs. Her lips were puffy and I could see her clitoris through the silky strip of blue in her bikini bottom. She caught me staring.
"Sorry. I don't mean to stare. Well, yes I do. I love your bikini. My wife has a few that are like yours. When she wears it I can clearly see her clit ring."
"Ooo, kinky. I hope I get to meet your Trish." She spread her legs a little wider to accommodate my voyeur tendency. She casually rubbed her clit and produced a wet spot on the fabric. "Sheryl, I like your neighbors. Did you ever dream that people like Sue and Rob would be living next door?"
Sheryl replied, "Darling, I've barely met anyone in the club yet. That's why I begged you to come visit. I figured that together, we could get out and make new friends. It's nice that we haven't had to go too far out. Sue, can you show me around your house? I'm always curious to see floor plans and interior design. It's what I do."
I liked that Sheryl was treating Sue as the hostess, while not necessarily ignoring me, but respecting her as the authority in the relationship that she was barely discovering.
"Sure, I'll be glad to show you through. Rob, will you and Danni be OK out here?"
We both looked at her and nodded. As they walked away and into the house, Sheryl seemed to be perfectly at ease being lead around by my naked lover. Danni and I immediately locked eyes again when we were alone.
"So Rob, tell me more about your butt plug. I love the way it looks."
"Danni, to be honest, I haven't even seen it yet. I don't even know what color it is. Sue surprised me when she put it in. But since that moment I've been so excited I think I could shoot a load over the wall into your yard!"
"Oh that's something I'd like to see! I love to watch guys get off."
"Likewise, I can totally get off on visual stimulation. Did I tell you that that bikini looks fabulous on you?"
Danni stroked her clit again, and shifted her hips. I shifted again too and it made my dick bounce. Her eyes widened when she saw me move without touching.
"Your plug is blue. It almost matches my bikini. Do you really think you can get off just by watching me jill off?"
"I know I can."
"Do you need to stroke it?"
"Right now I think I could just watch you and squeeze my buns together, and it will shoot."
"This I've got to see!"
She rubbed her pussy again and reached inside her bra top to pinch her nipple. I moaned my approval. Then I shifted my hips again and flexed my glutes and Mr Happy jumped for joy. I purposely kept my hands on my sides. Danni pulled the thin strip of her g string aside to expose her bare labia. Mr Happy did another solo dance. I could see inside the deep pink of her vagina. She inserted a finger and probed, then removed it and put the digit in her mouth. It left her hole wide open. My throbbing tool was flying around now and as it moved, it sent even more shivers through the walls of my anus. That in turn sent a shock wave into my rod. I had never before felt such stimulus without additional touching or stroking. I was amazed because I knew I wouldn't last long. Danni's fingers were moving faster and her probes were going deeper. She began to sigh and her breath got heavier. The excitement of the act was getting to us both. She lurched and thrust her hips upward as she began to cum. She became more vocal too. Not one to stay silent, I let her know what she was doing to me.
"I'm gonna cum Danni!" I thrusted my hips and the plug rotated in my ass. That was enough to make me shoot. The first rope shot up and hit my cheek.
"Oh God Rob! That's amazing."
The next throb sent a blast onto my left nipple. The third and fourth spilled all over my stomach. Danni's orgasm was growing in intensity. But she kept her eyes open and watched the entire thing. I remained fixed on her sex and her self stimulation. It was incredible to cum so hard without even touching myself. I now understood what Tracy has said about the magic of the plug. It was nothing I've ever experienced before.
As we both descended from the orgasmic rushes and our breathing began to return to normal, we grinned at each other in amazement.
I looked down at my chest and belly, admiring the gobs of seed that was dribbling across my torso. Danni's g string was soaked. She reached up and stroked her cheek as a signal to me that I had yet another big drop that needed attention. I reached up and smeared it down to my chin. We laughed together. My dick was still hard as a rock.
I heard sounds in the house.
"Hey guys! We're home." It was Teri. "Rob can you give us a hand with the shopping bags? It's a good thing the Bentley has such a big tru-" she stopped suddenly when she saw me with Danni on the patio. "Well hello there! Who are you?" Typical Teri. No shock. But no holding back either.
We were both lying there in our post orgasmic stupor. I literally had sperm dripping down my face. Danni's tiny bikini was scrunched in her crotch, soaked with her own jizz. Teri spied the jewel in my ass and grinned.
"Well I see you both are color coordinated. What made you decide to try the plug Rob? It seems to be working. And who are you?" She repeated the earlier question.
At that moment Jan appeared at the door with Trish at her side. They both looked a little surprised, but nothing ever shocks them either. Tracy appeared a moment later.
"Mom, there's someone in bed with Sue..." she also stopped speaking when she saw me and Danni, who was now turning a few shades of red.
There was quiet for a few moments, then I broke the silence.
"Danni, this my wife Trish." Trish broke into a warm smile and greeted her.
"I like your bikini Danni. I have the same one." That was not what Danni had expected to hear. I continued.
"This is my sister Jan, and this is Teri and Tracy."
They all smiled and in doing so let Danni know that there was nothing untoward about our appearance. Teri stepped over and rubbed the sperm on my face. It was still wet and gooey. She recognized it of course and licked it off her fingers. Danni's eyes grew wide as she watched the nonchalant manner in which Teri reacted. I went on.
"Trish, this is Danni. She's our neighbor. Well, not exactly. She's a friend of our neighbor, Sheryl. Sheryl is inside getting a tour of the house with Sue."
Tracy laughed. "Is that what you call it? I think she's becoming more familiar with Sue, than she is with the house." She winked at me.
In the distance we heard the doorbell ring. We all exchanged glances like, 'who could that be?' The answer came quickly.
"Hello. Anyone home? It's Devon...and Chad."
Jan turned and went to greet them.
I looked at Danni. "I think we need to get cleaned up a little."
Trish grinned. "Use our shower. There's plenty of room for two, or more."
I took Danni's hand and stood up to go inside.
"Holy shit Rob! Look at you. You're pointing at the roof." Teri was pointing at my crotch. I felt another surge from my ass to my cock. Now everyone was staring at me.
Devon and Jan appeared at the door. Jan filled us in.
"Devon is going to throw together a shrimp cocktail. And he's making more lemonade. Chad is folding towels that he put in the laundry this morning. I love this whole servant thing."
I saw Devon staring at my boner. Why not? Everyone else was.
I took Danni's hand and she nervously brushed by the others as we made our way into the master suite. Once inside the privacy of the bedroom she said, "Well that was interesting. I don't think I've ever had an audience like that before. At least not after a mutual masturbation session. Come to think of it, I haven't ever done anything quite like what we just did! I loved watching you shoot. That was awesome!"
"It was because of you. You're so sexy and you totally turned me on."
"So it wasn't the butt plug?"
"Well, that too. I mean, look at me. I'm afraid I might have to call a doctor, like in the Viagra warning. This could be a 4 hour erection."
Danni giggled. "That would be a first for me too."
I turned on the shower and we stepped in together. Danni stripped out of her bikini while standing under the flowing water. She held up the little ball of fabric and rinsed it. I admired her naked form. Her nipples were hard. I'd guess her to be a B cup and there was no sag at all in her young breasts. She had a six pack and a firm concave belly. Her pussy was hairless. Her mons and her titties were white from tanning in the string bikini. I watched as she tossed the swim suit onto the bench in the shower. I handed her the soap and observed as she lathered her body.
"You really do like to watch, don't you?"
"Guilty." I confessed. "But how can I not with someone as gorgeous as you?"
"But look at you! You're still standing tall." She took my log in her hands and pumped it. "Can I wash you too?"
"Oh please yes." I replied. Danni rubbed the soap all over, including my face and all the way down to my feet. As the water rinsed off the lather, she grasped my dick again and put it in her mouth. It throbbed again. I held her shoulders as she sucked my entire length. I'm not huge, but I was still very very hard. And I felt another orgasm brewing.
"Danni, I'm gonna cum." I warned her. It didn't phase her. She kept up her oral task. In less than a minute I erupted. It felt like it started in my ass and flowed all the way from the base of my cock up to the very tip and then blasted into her throat. She gagged a little from the throbbing, but she swallowed every drop. She stood up and ordered me to turn around. I did as she bid. Next I felt her hands lathering my back and shoulders and then down each leg and she worked her way back up to my balls and my ass crack. I throbbed again at her touch. She reached through and held my cock again. The resistance as she pulled it downward made it feel even harder. She sighed.
"I've never seen a man who can do this."
"Danni, I've never had this happen before."
"Rob can I touch it? The plug?" She didn't wait for an answer. She just put her finger on the button and I jerked again. "Can I take it out? I really want to see it." She gave it a little pull and I came again. It was spontaneous.
"Oh God! That's never happened before." My penis was still spewing cum.
As Danni pulled it completely out I felt a shudder in my whole body.
"Look, its like a screw." She held it around in front of me so I could see it. I turned and faced her again and gazed at it for the first time. I had seen them before when Teri first brought the samples home, and when I had given Tracy that massage after she had worn hers all day for several days. But this is the one that just came out of my ass. I took it from Danni and held it up to admire it. I rubbed it with soap to clean it off and then set it aside.
Next, I used the soap to wash her down as she had done for me. I pinched her nipples and gently rubbed her labia and her clitoris as I worked my way down her legs. When I stood back up I turned her softly and lathered her back and down her legs. When I got back up to her butt I gave it extra attention. Her cheeks were small and firm. The crack was not deep or long. I extended my fingers between her legs and she parted them to allow me access. I applied light pressure to her anal hole and she moaned.
"Do you like anal sex?" I asked.
"I've never done it." She admitted.
I pressed my finger a little more.
"But that feels good." She spread her legs even wider, encouraging me. I bent down and spread her ass open with my hands. Her asshole was pink and hardly discolored. It matched the tan skin on her butt. I stuck out my tongue and licked her.
"Oh yes. Mmm, that feels great." I probed deeper. There was no resistance. I reached up to the shelf on the wall. There was a bottle of bath oil next to the plug. I brought them both down and continued to press my tongue deeper into Danni's anus. I opened the oil and dripped a little onto the ribs of the anal device. Removing my tongue and licking all the way from her taint to the top of her butt crack, I then placed the tip of the plug at her opening. She responded by pushing back against it. I pressed it slowly and watched her hole open wider.
"Oooo. Go slowly."
I followed her instructions. I was surprised at how receptive she was, both physically and also that there was no fear in her voice. Slowly I pressed on. It was in almost two inches now and she was about as wide as she needed to be. Her ass was shivering, no doubt from the magic of the ribs on the screw. Suddenly it was in all the way. I gently released the cheeks of her ass so they closed around the jewel. I touched it and she shivered again.
"Oh wow. That feels amazing. Are you twisting it?"
"No. That's what makes this thing so unique."
"Can I keep it in?"
I felt an amazing kinship when she asked that. It was Sue's plug, but I know there'd be no problem replacing it. The thought of being able to help provide this ultimate pleasure to a beautiful young woman that I had only just met, was overwhelming.
"Please do. And think of me often."
I stood up again and Danni turned around into my arms.
"This is a day I'll never forget." She said as she pressed her lips to mine in a deep wet kiss. We stood there under the shower. I touched her ass and felt her quiver against my body. My penile projection was still firm, but the solid state I had been experiencing was fading. I felt relief and regret. But I now knew that the power of the plug was a real thing. And I knew that it would happen again.
I turned off the water and we stood there kissing for a few more moments. As we broke the kiss I handed her a fresh towel. Somehow two of them had been placed on the stool at the shower entry. I wondered who had done that...
Danni was enjoying mini orgasms as we dried ourselves off.
"I just realized that I don't have anything to put on." She said as she picked up her bikini and wrung it out.
"That's not a problem around here." I grinned "you can just wrap yourself in the towel, or go without. Whatever is comfortable."
I opened the door and nearly bumped into Chad. He was carrying several shopping bags.
"Oops. Sorry. Trish asked me to put these on the bed. Man can those women shop!"
Apparently, he had been schlepping bags in for all of them. Danni followed me into the kitchen. There was a bowl on the counter, draped with monstrous shrimp and containing a smaller bowl of cocktail sauce in the center. I helped myself to one. It was tender and tasty.
"Wow! Try one of these Danni. Can I pour you a fresh glass of lemonade? Anything else?"
At that moment Sue and Sheryl came around the corner from the hallway. They were both nude. Sheryl's body instantly reminded me of Tracy. Her full breasts and perfect curves and unblemished skin were exquisite. Both girls were sporting happy grins.
"So, how do you like the house?" I asked, as if they hadn't been distracted at all.
"Really nice Rob. It looks like a model home. Everything is perfect. And Sue is a perfect hostess." She looked at Sue and they kissed. It was obvious that they had been doing more than wandering around the house. Sheryl saw the shrimp and looked at me as if to ask if it was there for the taking. I nodded and she and Danni both helped themselves. Sheryl then saw more people outside.
"Oh, who are all those people? Is that Trish? I'm not even dressed."
Danni looked at her and realized that she was the only one of us who was covered, if only in a bath towel. She put her hand at the top and loosened it. As she opened it she reassured Sheryl. "Don't worry about it. We're close to home and nobody here will be upset if we're naked."
"C'mon outside. I'll introduce you." Sue held Sheryl's hand and they walked outside. We followed. There was another bowl of shrimp on the table. Devon and Jan were in the hot tub. Trish, Tracy and Teri were all in the pool, nude of course.
Teri was the first to notice. "Hey Sue! Where've you been?" She walked up the steps of the pool to give Sue a hug. "You must be the neighbor lady. Now I understand why Rob's dick was so hard when we got home. You and Danni about as hot a duo as I've ever seen in California. And trust me, I was just at the biggest sex conference of the year in LA."
Sheryl was slightly taken aback at Teri's open style. Sue tried to put her at ease.
"Sheryl this is Teri. That's Trish and Tracy in the pool. And that's Rob's sister Jan over there in the spa with Devon. Devon brought the shrimp."
Sheryl waved and nodded at them all. But she and Tracy locked eyes. They seemed to recognize each other.
Chad came out of the house announcing. "All the towels are folded and put away." He looked around at us all and joked, "I can see that other than bed and bath linens, laundry is going to be a minor job this week." We all laughed as Sue introduced Chad to Sheryl and Danni. We all sat down around the table. Sheryl kept looking at Tracy, and Tracy kept staring back inquisitively. I was watching the interaction. Finally, Tracy walked up out of the pool and stood at Sheryl's side. Trish, not to be left alone, came up and sat in my lap. My Happy had indeed calmed himself down, but having her back in contact gave him cause to rise again. But this time more discreetly.
Tracy and Sheryl began a conversation.
"I know you from somewhere." Tracy opened.
"Yes, we've met before. I'm trying to remember where. Maybe if we had clothes on..."
"Ha!" Tracy laughed. "Yes, that might make a difference. What do you do here in Palm Desert?"
"Here, I vacation. I also have homes in Austin and Telluride. Do you go there?"
"Do you vacation all the time?"
"Oh no. I'm in real estate sales and marketing, mostly in Texas."
"That's what I do, in Sedona. I'm director of sales for the Global properties in Sedona."
"That's it!" Sheryl remembered. "We met at a leadership conference last year in La Jolla!"
"Yes. I was one of the guest speakers there. I remember you now. I remember that you and I were the youngest of all the people there. And I remember being attracted to you because you're so pretty and you dressed so well!"
Sheryl jumped up with excitement. "That's exactly how I felt about you! You presented such an air of confidence and achievement."
I felt Trish's chest puff with pride. I squeezed her waist. She is rightfully proud of her daughters, but to hear confirmation this way from one of Tracy's peers was a special moment.
Tracy put her arms around Sheryl and they hugged. Neither of them felt any concern about the fact that they were both stark naked. But I think for the rest of us it was exciting to see two such beautiful and uninhibited young women sharing a special bonding moment.
Tracy reached for a shrimp from the bowl and dipped it in the sauce. She took a bite and left a drop of red sauce on her lower lip. Sheryl reached up to dab it away, ever mindful of staying perfectly groomed.
"You've done some big developments in West Texas, right?" Tracy was demonstrating her sense of recall, and her sincere admiration for Sheryl and her accomplishments.
Sheryl was visibly impressed. "Yes, we've got another big project in the works. We're going to have to grow our team. I'd love to talk to you about it."
"I'm always interested in hearing what other opportunities are out there. I can't believe I'm running into you here. How much time do you spend here in La Quinta?"
"I've got a couple more weeks before I go back to the grind. How long will you be here?"
"We're here for ten days. So we can spend some time getting to know each other."
"Oh this is wonderful! I'm so excited to meet you again."
Meanwhile Teri and Danni were conversing on the other side of the table. Danni started by making small talk.
"I heard that you were all shopping on El Paseo today."
"Yeah, lots of nice stores. I found some shoes and a few tops. I don't need much and I don't have to get dressed up to often for work."
"What do you do?"
"I own a company that manufactures and distributes adult entertainment products."
Danni took a moment to digest that. This young woman, seemingly about her age, is an independent business owner, in the adult entertainment industry. She barely looks like an adult herself.
"You mean, like butt plugs?"
Teri nodded. "And dildos and S&M toys and devices, videos, lingerie, the works."
"Like the butt plug that Rob was using when you came back?"
"Ours exclusively? So you've seen it up close?"
Danni wiggled her hips and shuddered with another mini orgasm. "Um, I'm wearing it right now."
Teri smirked. "Man that thing sure gets around. You like it?"
"So far. I keep getting these little shakes and orgasms. I've never felt anything like it before. I can't believe how open and free you are in this crowd. I love being naked and so relaxed. It feels sexy."
"Yeah, that's just how it is in our family."
"So you are all related?"
"Tracy is my sister. Trish is my mom. Jan is Rob's sister."
"So Rob is your father?"
"Stepfather. We were teens when Rob and mom got married."
"And Sue?"
"She's Rob's best friend. They play golf together, trade massages. They're both CMTs. Most men have a bunch of guy golf buddies. Rob has Sue. I love her. She's so sexy and beautiful. I hope I can age as gracefully as she and my mom have."
"You're right. They're both beautiful. And what about Chad, and Devon?"
"They are the concierge and chef for this house. We just met them yesterday."
"They seem to fit right in."
"I think they're enjoying the eye candy." Teri winked at Danni. "So were you and Rob getting it on when we came home?"
Danni recalled that moment. "Oh God. That was so incredible. We were both masturbating. I mean, I was jilling and he was watching me, and I was watching him, and he had that plug in his ass and he was so hard, and he wasn't even touching himself, and his, penis, was bouncing all over the place and we both came at the same time. He shot his sperm all over the place. But we never touched each other!"
"Wow, that sounds hot." Teri put her hand between her legs and stroked her slit. It was wet. She held up her slimy finger. "Look at me."
"Mmmm, Teri I've been wet like that ever since Rob put this plug in my ass." She stroked herself and displayed the juice.
"I bet that tastes good." Teri reached over and ran her own finger through Danni's slit. Danni quivered with another orgasm. Teri licked her finger and went back for more. Danni looked around and realized that no one was staring or paying much attention to them. Teri pushed her finger deep into Danni. She shivered again. Teri kept it up. She quickly found Danni's g spot and began an aggressive internal massage. Danni unintentionally spread her legs. Teri used her other hand to prop Danni's leg up on the arm of the chair. She was now spread wide open and Teri was giving her an uncontrollable orgasm. She began to sigh and her hips bounced as the motion of the plug sent waves of pleasure through her body. She cried out and tried to push Teri's hand away but Teri continued.
Now everyone was watching, but Danni didn't even notice. All she could do was cope with the overwhelmingly powerful feelings she was experiencing. Teri might be young, but she's an expert at delivering sexual enjoyment. Danni was going wild in the chair. Teri finally slowed down her attack on Danni's cunt and allowed her to calm a bit. Danni was exhausted. Teri removed her finger and licked her hand and the fluid that covered it. Danni brought her legs back together and shook again as another wave ran through her. Teri leaned over and kissed her. She moved her mouth to Danni's ear and licked it. Danni came again.
Then Teri whispered, "That was so hot! I hope you enjoyed it." Then she kissed her again.
"Oh my God! I've never cum like that. What did you do to me?"
Trish softly spoke to Danni. "Teri has a magic touch. It was beautiful to watch you."
"Nobody has ever touched me like that. And you were all watching? Oh, I'm so embarrassed. But no, I'm not embarrassed. Does that mean I'm a pervert? Am I addicted to public sex? God Teri, that was amazing!"
Teri smiled. "No you're not a pervert. You just did something you've never done before, and you enjoyed it. My mom used to do that to me when I was young. She taught me how to find the most sensitive spots and heighten my pleasure. And yours." She winked at Danni.
"Your mom would make you cum, in front of other people?" Danni asked incredulously.
"Sometimes. Sometimes I would beg her to do it to me when I was going to bed. She never turned me down. If anyone is addicted, it's me."
Trish nodded confirmation.
"All I can say is that this is a day I will never forget!"
Sheryl added, "Thats for sure. You guys are the coolest neighbors ever. I wish you could be here all the time."
I decided to make a statement.
"You know, it has been a fun day. We've made some new friends. We have over a week to be together and get to know each other more. Sheryl, you and Tracy have discovered that you already knew each other. I'm quite certain that your paths will cross again. Danni, you've made a few discoveries of your own. Devon, you and Chad have added some special touches for all of us. When Trish and I discussed bringing our family together for this vacation, we wanted to find a place where we could bond and spend time together, and maybe even have some life changing moments. I had at least one of those moments today. My life has changed for the better. And believe it or not, this day isn't even close to being over. We have dinner reservations in 90 minutes. I've just had a shower. {{I winked at Danni}} But I'm guessing that some of us need to get cleaned up more than others. And unfortunately, we all need to put on clothes."
That drew a few boos from the crowd.
"But here's to a great day. And new friends, and unexpected pleasures."
I raised my glass and the others followed suit.
"Hear hear!"
"Well said Rob."
"Thank you."
A few people clapped their hands.
Slowly, we began to get up and there were hugs and kisses exchanged. Danni was still shaking. When she turned her back to me I admired her cute little butt and the flash of sapphire blue. Chad and Devon were dutifully clearing the food and beverages. Jan and Trish followed them into the kitchen, as if to help, or maybe just for the company. Teri and Tracy walked their new friends back to the gate. Sue and I stood and watched the four young beauties. I put my hand on Sue's butt and pinched her lightly. She looked up into my eyes.
"If you ever want to make me hard again..."
To be continued