Showing Myself
by Vanessa Evans
Part 1
I guess that it all started just before the Leaver's Ball at school. We were all now 18, our exams were over and we had our places booked at universities and colleges. It had been a tough year with what felt like 24 x 7 studying and exam taking and quite a few of us girls had decided to rebel against the tradition of wearing long gowns to the Ball. There was one week of school left and we had no more lessons, we could virtually do what we wanted. The only conditions that our teachers put on us was that we couldn't damage anything and we couldn't disturb the lessons of the younger kids. They also told us that we didn't have to wear our school uniforms any more.
The girls had been debating what we should wear to the Ball and after long discussions we decided to go to the Ball wearing just bikinis and heels. There wouldn't be any younger kids there so we couldn't be accused of corrupting them or setting a bad example.
Let me tell you a bit about me before I go any further. My name is Leanne (Lea). I'm a skinny girl with small (AA cup) tits and short, blonde hair. Back then I lived in a small village just outside a large town where I went to school. I shared a house with my father who is a Park Ranger and works long hours. There were only 3 kids in the village anywhere near my age, Seth and Noah being the other 2, and the 3 of us used to hang around together all the time. I think that it's fair to say that I was a tomboy because I did everything that Noah and Seth did, often better than them. Nothing was off limits, climbing trees, damming the stream, long bike rides, helping the local farmers (for money), everything, and never once was my sex an excuse to not pull my weight or get as dirty as my mates. In fact the fact that I was a girl wasn't even taken into consideration by anyone.
Back to the Leaver's Ball, 11 of us girls were going to go to wearing bikinis. My problem was that I didn't have a bikini, only one of those horrible one-piece suits that young teenage girls wore to go swimming on the school trips to the pool for swimming lesson, not that I needed lessons because the 3 of us had learnt to swim at the local swimming hole.
I needed a bikini so I went into town with Noah and Seth the Saturday morning before the Ball. Yes, the 3 of us often went shopping together, even for clothes, me often telling them what looked good on them and them telling me what looked good on me.
I'd got Noah and Seth to keep the secret about what us girls were going to wear to the Ball and they helped me search for a bikini that I liked and what the other girls were expecting us all to wear, skimpy bikinis. The problem was my size, everything that we looked at was way too big for me and would fall off me as I moved around. Seth said that I should just let that happen and walk around naked but I told him to get real and that it was never going to happen.
After another hour or so searching through every shop that we could find with zero success Noah suggested that we try the main lingerie shop in town.
"I'm not going to the Ball in a bra and knickers even if they do look like a bikini, besides, we'd have trouble finding any small enough for me, the same problem as bikinis."
"Not if you get side tie ones." Seth said.
"Side tie bikinis." I said, "come on, I saw some of those in one shop."
We went back to that shop to have a look but I didn't like any of them. As the disappointed me led the guys out of the shop Noah said,
"Lea, your options are running out, let's go to that girls undies shop and see what they've got there, what have you got to loose?"
Noah had a good point so off we trudged.
"Do women actually wear all this stuff?" Noah said as we passed most of what older people must call sexy. "It looks stupid."
I had to agree with him, I could never imagine me wearing any of what we saw, until we got to the bras and knickers. Noah and Seth kept picking something up and asking me what I thought, and usually it was,
"No way mate."
Then Seth picked up a thong and bra set, black and not frilly and both pieces were tie on.
"Maybe," I replied, "keep looking."
We found another similar set and Noah said,
"Go and try them on Lea."
I took the 2 sets to the changing room and took my clothes off. When I'd got the first set on I looked at myself in the mirror.
"Well," I thought. "I suppose it does look a like a bikini."
Deciding to ask my mates what they thought I opened the curtain and walked over to Seth and Noah.
"What do you think guys?" I asked.
"Bloody hell Lea, you're a girl." Noah said.
"Don't be stupid Noah, of course I'm a girl, so what?"
"Err nothing. It looks good, the strings are a bit long but good, it does look like a bikini.
"What do you think Seth?" I asked.
"Same as Noah, you look good Lea, try the other one on."
As I walked back to the changing cubicle Noah said,
"Cute butt Lea, I never noticed that before."
"You've seen it before Noah, I can still get my jeans on so it hasn't got any bigger."
"No, I wasn't saying that, I just noticed that it looks cute in that thong thing."
I finished the swap then went back out to the guys.
"So guy's, what do you think, would either work as a bikini? The crotch is a bit narrow on both of them and this string thing between my butt cheeks feels strange but I guess that that doesn't really matter, it's only for the one night, I'll probably never wear it again."
Both guys gave me their opinions, neither saying anything untoward.
"Okay, I said, I'll get the first set. I hope that the other girls like it."
As we walked back to the bus stop Noah said,
"You'll have to shave your bush off Lea, you may be blonde top and bottom and you haven't got much of a bush but I could still see hairs escaping at the sides and through the material."
"Yeah, bushes don't look good." Seth added.
"Oh, I've never shaved there before, just my pits and legs. Okay, I'll try that in the morning. My dad will be going out first thing so why don't you come over and tell me if I've missed anywhere?"
*****
On the Sunday morning I was still in the bathroom when Seth and Noah arrived and I shouted for them to come up. I was just rinsing off the last of my dad's shaving gel when the guys walked into the bathroom.
"Hey Lea," Noah said, "you done?"
I turned off the shower, pulled the curtain back and said,
"Yeah, I'm done, what do you think?"
"Looks good from here." Seth said, "turn round and bend over, it is a thong bikini so you don't want hairs round your butt hole sticking out from behind the string."
"Good point mate." I replied and turned and bent over, spreading my legs as I did so.
"You missed a few Lea."
"Where?"
"There," and Seth touched my perineum.
I felt a sudden tingling in my pussy and it was nice. Trying to ignore it I reached for the razor and passed it to Seth saying,
"Can you get them for me please?"
Seth got a dollop of dad's shaving gel and rubbed it on the offending part of me then shaved it off taking the hairs with it, all as I stayed bent over. The tingling got stronger and when Seth took the flexible shower head and rinsed me down I thought that I was going to cum.
I'd only played with my pussy a couple of times and only had one orgasm before but I recognised the feeling.
Seth swat my butt and told me to get dried, a towel landing on my back. Then he added,
"I was thinking that we might bike down to the woods and try that cycle track route again, I'm sure that I can beat you this time Lea."
"In your dreams mate, but I need to try my bikini on again, make sure that I'm happy with it for Friday."
"Okay." Both Seth and Noah replied as they followed me into my bedroom where I dumped the towel and got out my bikini.
"These side tie knickers as such a pain, I need 3 hands to do the first one." I said as I struggled to tie the first side.
With the bottoms finally in place I picked up the top and tied it round my neck, the 2 triangles hanging over my little tits.
"Good job you've only got small tits Lea," Noah said, "Those little triangles would only just cover Mary Johnson's (girl at school) nipples."
"Yeah," I replied as I reached round my back to tie the 2 strings, "I'd hate to have big tits like Mary."
Bikini in place I asked the guys what they thought.
"Can you go and stand by the window Lea?" Noah asked.
I did then Noah said,
"Yep, it's see-through, I can see your nipples, your slit and your clit sticking out."
"You can't." I replied.
"Yes we can." Set added, "but that's in this light, it will be a lot darker at the Ball so you have nothing to worry about Lea, no one will know."
"Except me and you two."
"Well I ain't going to tell anyone." Seth replied.
"Me neither." Noah added.
"So I should go like this?" I asked.
"Nope," Seth replied, "you need to put some shoes on, your high heeled ones"
"Cheers mate, now where was it you wanted to go today Seth."
"The woods on our bikes."
"Okay, lets go." I said.
"Lea," Noah said, "you don't really want to go wearing that, it looks a bit flimsy and might rip."
"Good thinking Batman, hang on sec and I'll put some clothes on."
I put my jeans and a tank top on over the bikini and we left my house on our bikes.
It was about a mile to the woods and as I pedalled I thought about when Seth had been shaving me. I'd got close to having an orgasm when he had been touching me near my pussy and I'd liked it. Hell, I even liked him just looking at my pussy. That was new for me, my mates and me had seen each other naked before but I'd never had those feelings before.
We spent a couple of hours racing around the woods over the bumps and through the little stream. Seth and Noah were wearing shorts but I was wearing jeans and when we went through the stream for a second time my front wheel slid off a rock and I came off my bike and landed in the stream. I was wet from head to foot. I got back on my bike and soon caught up with the others.
When we got to the other side of the woods to where there is an open meadow we stopped for a rest.
Sitting on the grass in the sun Noah said,
"You made a cock-up going through the stream Lea, look at you, you're piss wet through. I hope that your bikini is okay under there."
"Yeah, I'll have to take my jeans and top off so that they can dry and I can check the bikini at the same time."
Taking jeans or shorts and tops off and letting the sun dry them was something that we'd all done before after falling off into that stream.
With that I stood up, unfastened and unzipped my jeans and pulled them down and off. Usually though we'd kept our undies on, well me only knickers because I never wear a bra, nothing to put in it. But this time, when my jeans came down so did my bikini bottoms and when I took my top off the bikini top came with it leaving me naked.
"I guess that the ties came undone." Noah said as I held up the bikini to check that it looked okay.
"Aren't knickers supposed to have a cotton gusset thing in case you pee yourself? All the material in those looks see-through." Seth said.
"Yeah," I replied, "the top looks just as see-through I hope that they'll be okay for Friday."
"Your nipples look bigger than usual Lea."
"Must be because you're looking at them, girl's nipples do that, and our pussies get wet as well."
"You've just been flat out in the stream Lea, your pussy is bound to be wet." Noah said.
"No, I mean inside and if it gets a lot wet it leaks out."
"Is that what's bubbling out of your hole now Lea?" Seth asked, "are you all horny and aroused? Do you want us to fuck you?"
"Bloody hell Seth, where did that come from? Yes I'm aroused but no I don't want you to fuck me."
"Sorry Lea, it's just with you being stark bollock naked, your nipples looking like coat hooks and your pussy is leaking I thought that maybe you wanted us to fuck you."
I thought about what he'd said, and the situation that we were in and I decided that I liked being naked with 2 boys looking at me, even if they were my best mates they were still boys. I wondered what it would be like to be seen naked by other men. Okay, my dad had seen me naked hundreds of times but he was my dad so that didn't count. Seth and Noah had also seen me naked before and that was no big deal either but this time something was different.
For starters my nipples were rock hard and they were tingling a bit. My pussy was wet as well, and it wasn't water from the stream. My pussy was actually tingling as well. For the first time ever I realised that I liked being seen naked by men. It was arousing me and I was thinking about sex. And yes, it would be nice to loose my virginity right there and then to my best mates but I didn't have any condoms with me and I just knew that they didn't as well.
"I'm assuming that you two haven't got any condoms with you so no, but I have no intention of putting any wet clothes back on so you can look at me as much as you want. I'd like that too. Tell you what, tomorrow at school I'll go and see the Nurse and get some pills."
"What sort of pills? We've got some paracetamol at home." Seth said.
"No dummy, THE pill, to stop me getting pregnant, then you two can fuck me."
"You want to fuck me don't you guys?"
"Never really thought about fucking you before Lea you're one of us, mates," Noah said, "but now that you mention it, and seeing you laying there naked with your legs open, yeah, I'd like to fuck you."
"Me too." Seth added.
"Right then guys, that's a plan."
We lay or sat there talking for ages with me still totally naked and Noah and Seth sitting near my feet and frequently looking at my pussy which was enjoying their looking at it. I'd never thought that just guys looking at my bare pussy could turn me on but it was certainly happening that day and after a while Noah said,
"Is it normal for a girl's pussy to be leaking all the time Lea?"
"Mine doesn't normally leak all the time but it is today, I guess that it's because you 2 are staring at it and you're making me horny."
"So you like being naked and us staring at you?"
"Yes, I guess that I do."
"So we should do it more often then." Noah replied.
"I'd like that." I replied.
"Are your jeans dry yet Lea? Because I was thinking that we could go for a ride over to the farm, see what's what."
I checked and then replied,
"My jeans and top are still wet but my bikini is dry, I guess that I could ride over to the farm wearing just the bikini."
"You can put your wet jeans and top under the clip on my bike's carrier." Seth offered.
And that's what we did. At first it seemed weird biking in just that bikini. For starters my bike is a man's bike, with a crossbar, and it was a tall man's bike and as I said earlier, I'm not very tall. When I'd got on the bike my pussy had pressed against the crossbar and it felt good, and when I'd started pedalling my pussy covered in only the thin bikini bottoms was sliding from side to side was giving me lots of clitoral stimulation, especially as when I looked at my pussy after a short distance I saw that the bikini bottoms had disappeared between the lips of my pussy.
Previously when I'd ridden on my bike my pussy had been covered by 'sensible' knickers and either jeans, shorts or a knee length skirt and my pussy had felt nothing but a bit of pressure. Even when I'd biked in a swimsuit the material had been so thick that I couldn't feel anything, but this time, well, it was like I didn't have any bottoms on, like I was naked. Especially as the bikini top also felt like it wasn't there as well.
A motorist must have thought that I was cycling naked as well because as it passed us he pipped the car horn. When he did that I looked down at my front and saw that one of my tits was exposed and my bald pussy looked like there was just a string coming out of the top of my slit.
And the bit that I didn't really understand was that I was liking it, I was feeling quite aroused.
We pedalled on, into the village, passed all our houses, passed the village shop with a couple of our neighbours coming out who waved at us and said hello, passed the pub with an old man neighbour coming out who also waved at us, then to the farm.
We dumped our bikes where we usually do then went looking for farmer Ted to see if he wanted a hand with anything.
As we walked to the barn Seth asked me if I realised that one tit was out and most of the bikini bottoms had disappeared between my pussy lips.
"Yes I do realise, it sort of feels nice."
"There's so little of you covered that you may as well not have it on Lea." Noah said.
"Not have what on?" Ted asked as he came out of the barn
"Lea's got a new bikini and it won't stay where it's supposed to." Seth replied.
Ted was looking me up and down, making my pussy tingle a bit more that it had been.
"That's a bikini?" Ted asked. "A length of baling twine would cover more than that does. Not that I'm saying you don't look good Lea because you do, you've grown up quite a lot recently, quite the attractive young lady now."
"Thanks Ted." I replied as the tingling got stronger.
"Have you got any jobs that we can do for you Ted?" Seth asked.
"Not really guys, but I'm guessing that the swimming hole will be quite nice on a day like today." Ted replied.
Seth looked at Noah and me and we both nodded so Seth told Ted that we were going for a swim. As we walked passed the farmhouse Ted's wife, Beth, walked out.
"Were going for a swim," Noah said, "you coming Beth?"
"Sounds nice Noah, but I've got too much to do here. Is that a bikini you're nearly wearing Lea?"
"Yes Beth, I got it for the Leaver's Ball next Friday."
"You're going wearing just that? You may as well go naked."
I giggled a little then replied,
"It might end up like that but us girls wanted to do something different to what they do every year so some of us decided to go in bikinis."
"Well if I were you I'd straighten it up before you try to get in, you stand a chance of getting arrested in the city being dressed like that."
"It won't stay where it's supposed to." I replied.
"You could always paint a bikini on you, now that I can see that you've shaved your bush off people will never know that it's just paint."
"That's not a bad idea Beth but I don't have any paint."
"Mike Barlow might have some, he's an artist and he used to work in the theatre."
"Thanks Beth, we'll call in on him on the way home."
As the 3 of us walked over to the swimming hole Seth said,
"Would you really just go to the Ball wearing paint Lea?"
"Yeah, why not, it will be a bit dark in there and a painted bikini would look like a real bikini, at least it would stay where it's supposed to be."
"You could wear that bikini over the paint to get in." Noah said.
"Naw," I said, "we're planning on wearing our school uniforms to get in then all of us taking them off at once, giving some of the older teachers a heart attack."
"Mike Barlow might not even have any body paint."
"Only one way to find out." I replied.
The swimming hole wasn't that far from the farmhouse and we were soon there. When we got there I pulled the strings on the bikini and let it fall to the ground then went and dived into the water. Noah and Seth were a bit slower getting their shorts and undies off then all 3 of us were skinny dipping.
We messed about with the plastic ball that we keep in a bush there and swung on the rope hanging from a tree branch that overhangs the water. After about 45 minutes we got out and lay on the grass to dry. I made sure that Noah and Seth were laying near my feet and I deliberately lay with my feet well apart as I rested on my elbows so that I could watch them looking at me.
That day, as well as getting all aroused when boys and men were looking at the naked me, I suddenly got interested in looking at Seth and Noah whilst they were naked, watching their cocks swing and grow and shrink. I'd never really been interested in that sort of thing but it was like someone had switched something on in my brain, and I was liking it.
We talked for a while, not about sex, just mundane things that young people talk about but I did notice that Seth and Noah were looking at me, or should I say my pussy and tits a lot more than they used to.
Anyway, we finally got bored and decided to go and see if Mike Barlow was at home. We got to our feet and as I started to fasten the bikini while the guys put their shorts on Seth said,
"I don't know why you bother with that Lea, it seems like way too much faffing about to me."
"You know Seth you're right, can you stuff it in one of your pockets please?"
We walked back to the farmhouse with me totally naked.
At the farm Ted was doing something to one of the tractors that was in the middle of the yard and when we got there he looked up and saw me.
"That looks a bit more practical Lea, I hope that you'll be dressed like that when you come and help us after school finishes, you 3 are still up for that aren't you?"
The 3 of us all said that we were and we left Ted to finish fixing the tractor. As we walked to our bikes I thought about working on the farm totally naked and I have to say it sounded nice. My pussy thought so as well because when I started pedalling it slid from side to side on the saddle and I could feel my arousal increasing.
It wasn't that far to Mike Barlow's house and the 3 of us dropped our bikes, walked up to his house and knocked on the front door. There was no response and we were about to turn and walk back to our bikes when Mike came round the corner from the back of the house.
"Hey guys, what can I do for you? Wow Lea you have grown up. It's nice to see that you haven't gone all shy like most girls do when they get to your age, what are you now, 16?"
"No Mike, I'm 18 now."
"Eighteen and no pubic hair. You don't look 18."
"Well I am, Seth and me shaved my bush off because I wanted to wear a bikini for the school Leaver's Ball on Friday."
"Leaving school as well, is that all 3 of you?"
All 3 of us confirmed that we were.
"How time flies." Mike said, "So what can I do for you?"
"Well," I said, "I bought this bikini and it just won't stay where it's supposed to and Beth at the farm suggested that I paint a bikini on me. She said that you might have some body paint that I could use."
"You want to paint a bikini on and go to the school Leaver's Ball on Friday? That would never have happened when I was your age. Let me think, come with me."
The 3 of us followed Mike into his garage which looked like it hadn't had a car in it for years. The place was filled with all sorts of things that were nothing to do with cars.
"Is that an artists easel?" Seth asked pointing to some pieces of wood.
"Yes it is." Mike replied.
"Do you still paint Mike?" I asked.
"Occasionally, I don't get the urge very often these days."
"You used to work at the theatre in town didn't you Mike?" Noah asked.
"Yes I did, back in the day I used to paint all sorts of things on young girls like you Lea but I never painted a bikini on a girl. There again, in my day bikinis were a lot bigger than what you young girls wear these days, if they go on shrinking at the rate that they have over the last few years all you girls will be wearing is a band aid. Ah yes, here we are."
As Mike pulled out a large tin with bits of black paint round where the lid fitted I wondered what I would look like wearing just a band aid stuck on my slit.
"This should be what you need, if it hasn't all dried out, it's been a few years since I used this."
"Mike," I said, "I've never been any good at drawing and these 2 morons don't know one end of a paintbrush from the other. You couldn't help me could you?"
"Well Lea, I've seen people try to paint things on themselves and it just doesn't work so you do need someone to do it for you."
"I could do it?" Noah said.
"No you can't mate, you need to use a paintbrush not a spanner or a hammer, that's why the pair of you are going to do mechanics and bricklaying at college. I'd rather have Mike doing it, if you would please Mike?"
"Well my dear, there are a few things that you need to know first."
"Like what?"
"This tin of paint is years old and when I open the lid it might be just solid block. Secondly I haven't painted a girl for over 10 years so I might be a bit rusty."
"I doubt that Mike. Anyway, there isn't much to cover, I'm only little." I said as I cupped my little tits then tweaked my nipples.
"Well, this paint is waterproof and you have to either scrub it to get it off or soak it in something like isopropyl alcohol or petrol to get it off. If you don't do that it will take about a week to wear off."
"So I can shower with it on?"
"Just so long as you don't rub over the painted areas."
"Could you do me twice, once now, to see if it's still good and that it will stay on me; and then again on Friday when I get home from school?"
"That sounds like a sensible plan Lea, but I warn you, my hands aren't as steady as they used to be."
"Thanks Mike, that would be great, shall I put my bikini on so that you can see how big I want your paint job to be?"
"That's a good idea Lea, whilst you go and do that I'll open the tin and see if it's still usable."
"I don't have to go anywhere Mike, my bikini is in Seth's pocket."
"Wanted something to sniff whilst you were wanking later did you Seth?" Mike asked. "No, don't answer that Seth, I think that we all know the answer already."
"Jeez Seth," I said, "you're blushing, would you really do that with my knickers?"
"Too right he would." Noah replied.
"Leave them alone Lea." Mike said as he opened the tin. "It's perfectly natural for a man to sniff a girl's pussy, it's a very intoxicating and arousing smell."
"My pussy doesn't smell." I said.
"All pussies smell to one degree or another Lea," Mike said, "it's just that men and women have a different sense of smell and I'm sure that yours is a faint, sweet, nice smell."
I wasn't sure what to make of that, it wasn't something that I'd thought about before and not something that I had time to think about right then because Seth was passing my bikini to me. With the help of my 2 mates I got the bikini fastened and stepped back to let Mike have a good look at what the bikini was covering. Covering but not hiding because in the bright light it was see-through.
"Hmm," Mike said as he stared at my front then told me to turn around. "Doesn't cover much does it and I won't be able to give you that see-through look. I could not paint your nipples and slit if you want. It's good that you haven't got any real lips down there, they're a bugger to paint and get the finish that I'm sure that you want. And as for those ties, it will be very time consuming to paint them on."
"I'm not bothered about the ties, they're nothing but a pain, just pretend that their a length of elastic.."
"Okay," Mike said, "come on outside and we'll see if I've still got what it takes."
We did and Mike looked at my chest from different angles then told me to take the top off which I did and all 3 guys were staring at my rock hard nipples.
"Do you want me to paint your nipples Lea? The paint is flexible when dry but if your nipples shrink a lot it might be too much for the paint and it might fall off them. Tell you what Lea, I'll paint them this time then we can see how it goes."
"That sounds like a plan Mike."
"Good, now chest out Lea and hold your hands behind your head."
I did and as I looked down I could see my tits sticking out with my nipples the hardest I'd ever seen them. I was proud of what I saw. Then a thin paint brush touched the top of my left tit and I moved back in surprise.
"Keep still Lea."
"Sorry." I replied.
Standing there trying to keep still gave me a lot of time to think. A man who was older than my father was putting paint on my naked tits and it was feeling nice. A well as that my 2 best mates were stood watching me. Without realising it I'd stood with my feet about shoulder width apart and I could feel my pussy getting wetter. I wondered if my pussy would start dripping.
I also wondered what it would be like to be at the Leaver's Ball wearing just the paint and shoes, would I feel like I was naked? Would I actually be classed as being naked? Would any of the boys and teachers realise that the bikini was just paint? Would I get into any trouble? I don't suppose that would matter, after all I would never be going back to the school so it doesn't matter if I get expelled.
I'd been seen naked by 4 men so far that day and it had felt great. At the Ball I would be seen by maybe 10 times that so what would my pussy feel like? If I would be 10 times as aroused I'd be cumming all the time. Does it work like that? I had no idea but things were looking good to find out.
"Okay Lea," Mike said, one breast done, keep those hands behind your head. I must say that your breasts are beautiful Lea, so conical, and you have the perfect nipples to go with them. They're just like the end of my little finger."
"Thanks Mike, I like them but I guess that a lot of men would say that they're too small."
"Don't you listen to anyone who says that Lea, they're perfect, don't you agree guys?"
"What?" Seth asked.
"Lea's breasts, I was just saying that Lea's are perfect." Mike said.
"Err, I guess so." Seth replied, Noah not saying anything.
"Okay Lea," Mike said, "do you want shoulder straps or a neck strap?"
"Neck I guess, like the bikini top." I replied.
"Hold your hair up please Lea."
Painting the straps on didn't take long at all then Mike told me to keep my hair up and he went and got 2 chairs and asked Noah and Seth to lift me up onto them with one foot on each of them.
"And make sure you don't put your hands on her breasts, that paint need a bit longer to dry." Mike added.
This wasn't the first time that Seth and Noah had put their hands on my naked body but with me already being aroused that tingling got a lot stronger. It didn't help that Mike now had me stood on 2 chairs with my pussy spread open.
Mike went into the kitchen and back came out with another chair and a roll of kitchen towel.
Putting the chair right in front of me he sat with his head right in front of my pussy.
"Wow Lea, you really are enjoying this aren't you?" Mike said as he pulled a couple of sheets off the kitchen towel roll.
"I can't help it." I replied.
"I know Lea, it's not your fault, not many girls can control their pussies. You might be pleased to know that nearly all of the girls that I painted got wet when I painted their pubes and pussy."
I didn't particularly care about what other girls did, it was my pussy that was oozing juice and my pussy that was tingling, and it was nice.
Patting my pussy dry and nearly giving me an orgasm, Mike said,
"If it happens, it happens Lea, don't be embarrassed."
I wasn't sure that Mike was trying to say but I suspected that he meant an orgasm. I said nothing and wondered if the paint brush would make me cum.
"I'm going to start with the triangle on your pubes Lea, then I'll move lower and do your lips, as I think that I said, you have the perfect pussy for painting what with you having no inner labia just a slit with your clit sticking out. I'm going to paint the triangle a little smaller than your bikini Lea, if you don't like it I can make it a little bigger."
"That's okay Mike," I said, "I guess that it really only needs to cover my slit. You do what you think best Mike, you can see it, I can't. Well not stood up here like this."
Mike got to work and I couldn't see what he was doing but it sure felt nice. As the brush went lower I could feel it going down the outside of my lips and I could feel my arousal increasing.
"Lea," Mike said, "for the paint to be able to stick I'm going to have to open your lips and dry you, is that okay with you?"
"Err yes Mike, do whatever you think best."
I felt the fingers on one of Mike's hand open my lips then a finger touch my clit and that was it, the orgasm that had been building for what seemed like hours exploded out of me. I heard Mike say,
"Grab her arms guys, make sure that you don't touch her tits or you might smudge the paint."
I was actually happy that he said that because my legs were feeling like jelly.
"Thanks guys." I said when I was able.
Mike had moved his hand away from my pussy but as I started to return to normal his hand went back and spread me open again. As he dabbed the kitchen towel on my pussy he said,
"Well done Lea, now that we've got that out of the way I might me able to get the job finished before you get all aroused again."
Mike quickly started painting my lips and I gasped as I felt the brush on my clit. I have to sat that I sighed with relief as Mike sat back and told me that there was just the strings to paint on me. I may have just been standing there but I needed to relax for a while. I told Seth and Noah that I could now support myself and they let go of my arms.
Mike didn't waste any time and I soon felt the brush going from my pubes to my hips then I saw Mike get to his feet and go to my sides to continue painting the strings to the top of my butt crack where the brush lingered for a while as he, presumably, painted a small triangle.
Just when I thought the job was complete Mike said,
"Just down your butt crack and join up to the back of your pussy Lea, to do that I need you to bend forward, Noah, Seth, please stand in front of Lea so that she can lean on you."
They moved towards me and I bent over thinking that I couldn't get more exposed if I wanted to. The thing was, I was loving the exposure and my pussy was as well. The arousal that had reduced after my orgasm was building again.
The brush going down my butt crack wasn't that bad but when it got to my perineum I felt another orgasm approaching quickly. The brush went along the sides of the entrance to my vagina and the orgasm arrived causing me to shake, shudder and jerk.
"LEA, LEA," I heard Seth shout at me.
"What?" I finally managed to say.
"You're going to break my shoulder." Seth replied.
It was then that I realised that I had been gripping both Seth's and Noah's shoulders when the orgasm hit me. I quickly released my grip and said sorry but I still had to lean on them. My brain went back to my pussy and I felt Mike dabbing my hole.
"What are you doing to me Mike?" I asked.
"I had to roll up some kitchen towel and push it into you to dry you enough to get some paint on you. There, all done Lea, you can stand up and get down now, but keep your legs spread for 5 minutes."
I pushed myself up from Seth and Noah then stepped down onto the ground remembering to keep my feet wide apart.
"Do you mind if I take some photographs of you Lea?" Mike asked.
"Okay, but why, do you just want to perv on me like these 2 do." I replied looking at Noah and Seth.
"No, it's for my art collection. I've got photos of all the people who have modelled for me and asked me to paint them. Don't worry, I won't show them to anyone."
"I believe you Mike, go and get your camera."
As Mike disappeared to get his camera and clean the paint brush I turned to Seth and Noah and said,
"I suppose that you 2 will be wanting photos of me naked as well?"
"Hadn't thought about it until now, but yeah, something to remind me of our last summer together." Noah said.
"Hey, I may be going off to university but I will still get summer breaks, we can still hang for at least another 3 summers, but yeah, you can take photos of me, I rather like the idea of posing for cameras. Get myself immortalised in zeros and ones on the internet."
"You want us to post photos of you naked on the internet Lea?" Seth asked.
"Yeah why not, it isn't like I'm fat or ugly."
"That's your opinion Lea." Seth said.
I turned my head, gave him a look that would kill and replied,
"It it wasn't for this paint I'd beat the crap out of you for saying that Seth."
"I was just joking Leanne, I think that you are the most beautiful girl that I have ever seen, without and with your clothes."
"Hey, none of that mush stuff or I will beat the crap out of you."
Mike came back and he'd got his camera, yes a proper camera, ready and I jokingly did a couple of those poncy poses that I'd seen models do on the tele.
"No, no poses Lea, just natural photographs." Mike said, "do you want me to just capture the image below your neck are aren't you bothered about your face showing?"
"You can include my face, I'm not bothered."
Mike took about 10 photos of me, front, back, sides and he even asked me to bend over with my legs wide apart so that she could capture the work that he'd done on my pussy. When he was finished he said,
"The paint will be dry now Lea so you don't have to stand with your legs wide apart but a word of warning, if your pussy keeps leaking like it has been all the time that you've been here you will probably find that the paint all around your vaginal entrance will come off a lot sooner than the rest of it."
"Thanks Mike." I replied "I owe you one. If you need any chores doing over the summer we'll be only too happy to do them for you, cutting you grass or anything, just let us know and we'll do them for you won't we guys?"
"Thanks guys, I may take you up on that. Now Lea, don't forget to come back here on Friday after school, I don't want you going to that Leaver's Ball with flakes of paint falling off you."
"Thanks Mike," I said. "we'd better go now, I need to get my dad's tea ready."
As we walked back to my house Seth gave me my bikini back and he also took my jeans and top from his bike's carrier and gave them to me. Because of the way that he'd folded them to fit on the carrier they were both still a bit damp so when I got into the house I threw them into the washer ready for when I was going to do a load.
After telling Noah and Seth that I'd see them at the bus stop in the morning I started getting the tea ready not caring that all I was wearing was thin coat of paint on small parts of my body.
About half an hour later daddy's Land Rover arrived and he came into to house.
"Hi dad, had a good day?" I asked.
"Yes thanks princess, you? I see that you've got yourself a bikini, looks good."
"Are you ever going to stop calling me that dad? And no I haven't got a new bikini, well I have, but this isn't it. Mike Barlow painted this on me."
My father turned and looked closely at me, shook his head then said,
"Blood hell Lea, that looks so realistic, well until I looked closely and realised that I can see your clit. So Mike's back in his old game is he?"
"No dad, it's along story, I'll tell you as we eat, go and get showered or whatever."
"Okay princess."
"DAD! I'm a big girl now."
"So I see Leanne."
Now let me say at this point that me standing there talking to my father wearing only a few drops of paint wasn't a game changer in our house. Nudity or partial nudity was nothing new to us. There was nothing sexual about it, we just didn't bother about us seeing each other naked, it was no big deal.
"So you've shaved your pussy and got that sly old dog to paint a bikini on you have you Lea? And yes, I will try to stop calling you princess. Seeing you in the kitchen like that has reminded me that you have grown up Lea, you look a lot like your mother did when she was your age. Now tell me all about what's going on."
"Go and have a shower or whatever then I'll tell you when were eating."
"Okay prin, sorry, Lea."
As we ate I started with what us girls were planning on doing at the Leaver's Ball. I didn't tell him everything that I did that day, not about the orgasms or about Seth and Noah staring at my pussy, nor about how good it made me feel to be looked at by men but I did tell him that we went skinny dipping and then that I came back home naked.
"Well I'm sure that Ted wouldn't complain, nor any of the other people in the village."
"Ted said that I could work on his farm naked it I want to dad."
"I bet that he did. If he's got any agency workers there when you're there they'll love looking at you. Well that's up to you Lea, you're 18 now so you can do what you want. Are you sure that you 3 don't want me to take you to the Leaver's Ball in the Land Rover? I can sit outside to see if you get thrown out."
"No dad, we've already paid for the limo. Besides, arriving in a dirty Land Rover doesn't impress anyone."
"You could always clean it for me Lea."
"Even if I did it would still be a Land Rover, no, we'll stick with the limo dad, it doesn't cost that much when you split it 3 ways."
"Okay, it's up to you Lea. So did you fix up with Ted when you're going to help him on the farm?"
"No."
"I might see him in the pub later. Hey Lea, you're 18 now so you can come with me if you want."
"I've been there before dad, remember?"
"Yes but you're 18 now you can have a proper, adult drink."
"Okay then, but only one drink, I've got to go to school tomorrow. Do you think that anyone would mind me going in my new bikini? It's going to stay warm tonight."
"You mean that bikini? No, it will probably only be locals tonight and Ben isn't going to throw a pretty young lady out just because she hasn't got any clothes on, besides, half the people there will think that you are wearing an actual bikini."
"That's what I'm hoping for the Leaver's Ball on Friday."
"I'm guessing that they will have turned the lights down so you'll probably get away with it and you won't be having some of the boys trying to pull the strings holding your proper bikini up, then you would be naked at the Ball."
"Is a thin layer of paint classed as clothes or not?" I asked.
"I have no idea. You looked like you had a proper bikini on when I first came in. Maybe you could ask around in the pub see if anyone know the legal answer."
Meal finished, washed up and pots put away we set off to walk to the pub. It's only about 100 metres so we were there in no time. I have to say that I felt a little nervous going into the pub essentially naked but at first everyone appeared to think that I was wearing a bikini.
Within seconds I was relaxing and feeling good about being naked. I could feel that my pussy was leaking and I wondered if any of the paint had washed off but I daren't look. Going up to the bar dad talked to Ben and a drink appeared in front of me.
"Looking good Lea," Ben said, "Was that you I saw pedalling passed with Seth and Noah earlier?"
"Yes it was. We'd just come back from Ted's farm."
"You going to be working there over the summer again?" Asked Ben.
"Yes, I was hoping that Ted would be in tonight so that I can sort out the dates."
"He usually comes on for a quick one on a Sunday. It's nice to see all of you in here Lea, is this going to be a regular thing now that you're 18?"
"Well that's at least Ben who knows that all I've got on is a some paint," I thought, "maybe I should step back and let him see my pussy as well."
Dad and I stood at the bar talking to Ben for a while then Ted walked in and we all said hello.
"Brought young Lea with you tonight then Harry?"
"Yes, she's 18 now so I thought that it was about time, and she wanted to show off her new bikini to everyone." My dad replied.
"I see that you went to see old Mike Barlow then Lea, he did a good job, I can hardly tell that it's just paint that you've got on. Come on, lets go round everyone and see if they can tell." Ted said.
Ted reached for my hand and before I knew it we were going round all the table that had someone sat at them letting them get a good look at my front. About half of the people couldn't tell that it was just paint. A quarter thought that something wasn't quite right and the rest just knew that all I had on was some paint.
There was one table that was occupied by a couple who looked to be in their twenties and they weren't from the village. Ted still took me to their table and they both instantly knew that I was naked.
"Looks fantastic." The young man said.
"Yeas, quite convincing at a distance but close up you can tell. You clit sort of gives it away." The girl said.
Up until then I hadn't specifically thought about my clit, I just knew that my pussy was tingling quite a bit and that my pussy was quite wet. But when that girl mentioned my clit my focus went straight to it. I could feel that it was sticking out quite a bit and was very hard. I wondered if it was still covered in paint but I daren't look.
Ted still had a hold of my hand and he led me back to my dad and Ben. When we got there Ben said,
"Yes, Mike Barlow did do a good job on you Lea but he missed a bit between your legs."
"Well that answered my last question." I thought and I think that I actually blushed a little, I know that my face warmed up a bit.
I felt a rush of blood to my clit and I wondered if it got any bigger and harder, but again I didn't look. Instead I picked up my drink and finished it off in one go.
"Another one Lea?"
"No thanks Ben, I've got school tomorrow and there's a couple of things that I need to do before I go to bed. I should really be going."
"I can guess what one of those things will be." Ben replied.
"Hey," my dad said, "that's my daughter you're talking about mate."
"And you are so lucky to have a daughter like Lea." Ben replied, "we're all going to miss her when she goes off to university."
That made me feel good, a different sort of good to a few seconds ago when Ben guessed that I would be rubbing one out as soon as I got home.
"So Lea," Ted said, "when are you coming to help us on the farm Lea?"
"When do you want us Ted? I'm assuming that you want Seth and Noah as well."
"How about you have a couple of days off to relax after school then come over every day for a week? That will give Beth a chance to catch up on a few things at a leisurely pace. She's been working hard lately. After that there's the hay cutting and baling. You can drive the tractor again if you want Lea. Then we'll see how things go. Are you going to wear just that bikini, or less Lea, the farm hands will appreciate the scenery."
"Don't you like the scenery Ted?" my dad asked.
"I sure do but I don't think that Beth would be best pleased if I were to chase Lea all over the place just because she's naked."
"Maybe you should get your Beth a paint job like Lea?" My dad asked.
"Actually, when Lea was at the farm this afternoon I had the same thoughts, especially when it was Beth that suggested that Lea has a paint job."
"There you go Ted," my dad said, "Old Mike Barlow will be setting him self up in business if more girls want paint jobs."
I was listening to all that and I wondered if I could talk some of the girls at school into getting painted. I was sure that the young men in the village would appreciate that.
"Seriously guys," I said, "I need to go home and get some sleep, it's been an eventful day for me."
My day leant over and kissed my forehead then I said goodbye and left. As I walked home I thought about my day. I'd done, and still was doing, some outrageous things. Hell, I was naked walking along the main street of a village that I'd biked along hours before totally naked and without even the cover of a splash of paint. I'd been in a pub naked and dad's farmer friend had shown me to everyone there and the landlord told me that he was hoping that I would go back there all over the summer either like I was or without the paint which was more likely because I couldn't ask Mike Barlow to paint a bikini on me every few days. Besides, I wouldn't want that. I doubted that my skin would tan through a layer of paint.
Did I want to spent my summer naked? I paused my thought for a few seconds whilst my subconscious thought about it. Hell yes, I did want to spend the summer naked. All those men looking at my naked body, all the orgasms that those men would give me without them even touching me. And Seth and Noah, I'd told them that they could fuck me as soon as I got on the pill and I was going to see the nurse in the morning so it would be a summer of sex with my 2 best mates.
Hell yes, it was going to be a good summer.
Back at home I went straight to the bathroom. I had a few things to do before I got in the shower and when I did I washed myself gently, not wanting to risk rubbing some paint off. I looked at my pussy in the mirror and yes, Ben was right, the paint had gone from my clit, and from the inside of my lips. I reasoned that I'd still be okay if I kept my legs together but that wouldn't be possible all the time. What the hell, if someone sees my pussy, so what? If I see someone looking at my pussy I'll probably get horny, and I like horny.
I lay on my bed, spread my legs and rubbed one out thinking about all the men who's seen my pussy that day. As soon as I'd come down from my high I was fast asleep.
*****