Fuck...
I need this release soon...
Sitting her butt naked, squished between two of my fully-clothes best friends, one of which is super into me, it was too much.
The program requires that all masturbation be public, or in front of at least one other person...But I couldn't just do it...Could I?
After minutes of flipping back and forth, I put my foot down. I'm just gonna ask...fuck me...
"Hey guys?" I say into the void.
Nat pauses the TV, and all three girls turn to look at me. (Well maybe not Kate. She's trying to shield her vision a bit.)
"So um," I continue, "did you guys ever read the program rules, like out of curiosity?"
All three girls nod. Nat specifically speaks up and says "I memorized everything. I really wanted to make sure I know what this study is all about."
Alex speaks up, "Yeah. I mean, I didn't memorize it, but I did read through it all. I was curious."
Kate shyly nods, "Same here..."
I laugh. "Haha, well, you guys always did better on your homework than me. There were actually a couple rules I overlooked on the application, and I only found out about it from that advisor boy's pamphlet."
Nat gives me a disapproving nod, the research-focused gal she is. Alex smirks. Fuck, I think she knows where this is going. Kate remains with her eyes pointed away.
Internally, I'm trying to calm myself down. Please please please. Don't make things awkward.
"Well," I continue, looking down at my exposed wet pussy, "then I guess you all saw the rule about masturbation?" I force myself to say.
Nat nods. Alex gives a smirk, saying "Yeeeaaah, what about it?"
I lower my hand down my thigh. Fuck fuck fuck. "Then I guess you guys wouldn't mind if I, um, went at it, right?"
Everyone goes quiet for a second. Kate's face is beet red. Alex looks insanely horny, but doesn't want to be the first to jump at giving the sign-off. Nat looks like she's thinking.
That second felt like a lifetime. I became extraordinarily aware of my condition and surroundings. I was slouched down fully nude on this couch, my three best friends staring at me, looking at everything from my tits to my vagina. My body was beginning to sweat, and my legs were slightly spread, exposing my wet pussy to all three of them.
Once again, Nat is the first to act. To my surprise, she stands up from the couch. Now there is an empty space between me and Kate. Normally, I'd scooch over to the middle, but I don't wanna scare Kate away. Plus, I kinda liked being right up against Alex...
Before she says anything, Nat sits on a chair by the coffee table, turning it to face us. She opens her mouth. "Alright, I don't see why not. You'll have to at some point, no? Besides, I'd love to take notes on the reaction this has on yourself, and our friends as they watch."
That's one sign-off...
Kate is flustered. "But, um, isn't this kinda awkward? Being naked in front of us is one thing, but...doing that to yourself is a little much. Are you really comfortable with that?"
Before I can answer, Natalie cuts in. "Oh, that won't be an issue for our beloved Tracy. I've been keeping an eye on her mannerisms since she signed up for the program, and I've made some interesting observations. Tracy, I do not wish to continue if you prefer me not."
What does this girl have up her sleeve? It could be so shameful, but I gotta know.
"Oh, no prob, Nat. What did ya notice?"
"Well," she continues, "It's my opinion that most people wouldn't sign up for this program, no matter how much they love their body or want textile freedom. The permanent nature of the program, combined with the mandatory sexual displays, would make it too much for almost anyone...but not our Tracy. No, I saw you teasing that advisor boy, I can see how wet you are right now. It's my conclusion that...exposure outright arouses you."
Fuck. She got me.
"Even as we speak," she says, "you're rubbing your inner thigh, waiting to get started."
Shit. I didn't even realize. I yank my hand away from my leg. My heart is racing, but there's no real reason to hide it at this point.
"Well," I meekly throw my hands up in the air, "I guess you got me."
Kate is even more embarrassed. Alex looks at me with a big devious grin. Nat crosses her arm, proud of her deduction.
Before, they knew I was a crazy confident girl who didn't care who saw my body...but now they know I'm something of an exhibitionist. A pervert. I'm ruined.
Beginning to lose herself to her own horniness I believe, Alex speaks up. "Well then, what are you waiting for? Get a move on." she says as she nudges my hand.
"O-ok." I sheepishly shoot back.
I spread my legs a little bit farther than they already were, as I once again slide my arm down towards my pussy.
To my surprise, Alex gets snug against me, resting her head on my shoulder, looking down at my crotch.
"Ok...here goes nothing."
The second my fingers reach my clit, a wave of euphoria shoots across my body. I begin to slide my fingers up and down, my instincts already taking over.
Alex sexily giggles. "Atta girl." It's clear she's barely able to hold herself back anymore. She's not afraid to show that she's into it. I guess when someone else in the room is fully nude and masturbating, you just kinda stop worrying about being the awkward center of attention.
Kate is looking away, taking quick peeks over. She seems pretty uncomfortable, but also as if she wishes she was comfortable in this scenario. Poor girl.
Nat on the other hand, is sitting on the coffee table, holding her iPad. "Do you mind if I take some notes on this? Mainly on the effect this is having on yourself, Alex, and Kate?"
"Yeah," I manage to pant out in a breathy voice, "sure, whatever, go for it."
My fingers speed up. Fuck. It feels so good. My senses are getting hazy. My body is heating up. It feels like a fucking sauna in here.
Leaning back on the couch, I notice Kate is still curled up in a ball on the side of the couch.
"H-hey Kate," I say without my fingers slowing down once, "you alright?"
Alex chimes in. "Yeah Katie, what's wrong, girl?"
Kate's eyes shoot open. It's clear she was not expecting me to talk to her during this.
"I, um," she says, "it's just, I'm kinda worried. Isn't this, not to sound silly, but um, isn't this a sin?"
Gotta love that little church gal.
I manage to respond. "Well, *pant*, maybe. But you're just in the room watching. Even if it is a sin, that's just my cross to bear..."
Kate just looks back down silently, seeming torn.
No matter. I still got a ways to go. Let's kick things up a notch.
No longer content to just rub my pussy, I jam two fingers inside, and start drilling them in and out.
As I'm distracted by my own euphoria, Alex wraps her arm around me, and tightens her grip, somehow making me feel even hotter.
"Man, it sure is getting hot in here..." Alex says to no one in particular. "Mind if I take something off?"
Nat is typing away on her iPad. "Hmmm. That shouldn't be a problem. Go right ahead."
"Awesome," Alex says, as she briefly lets go of me to remove her crop top. She has no bra, only the fishnet shirt underneath.
She huddles up to me again, her essentially-exposed tits now pressing right up against my arm. Holy shit.
Fuck. This is too hot. I'm nearing my limit. As my fingers speed up, and my panting becomes faster, I see Kate stand up.
She turns to us, and hurriedly yelps "Welp! Ok! This is about enough for me! I'm gonna head to my room! Bye!"
She skitters off. I guess the effectively-topless lesbian wrapped around me was the straw that broke the camel's back.
Once she's gone, Alex smiles. "Well," she whispers in my ear, "Guess that's more for me." She wraps her arms around me.
I'm sitting here nude, sweaty, masturbating on the verge of orgasm, one friend watching me with great interest, another wrapped around my with only fishnets covering her tits.
It's...it's too much! FUVK!
I lose control of my body, as I enter the most intense orgasm I've ever had in my life.
Fuck. Fuck. Oooooohhhh fuck.
Alex grabs me tighter, biting her bottom lip.
It feels like it lasts for hours, even though I know it's only a few minutes. It's the most pleasure I've ever felt. I didn't even know it was possible...
And this is only the beginning.
As I come too. I become embarrassingly aware of my state, and notice all the fluid I left on the couch. Damn.
Alex snickers, letting go of me as I collapse back on the couch. "Nice job, Tray. I'm so glad you're doing this program."
She gets up, and heads to her room. My educated guess is that she needs to relieve some tension of her own.
That just leaves me and Nat, who remains seated on the coffee table in front of me. Insane. I'm a naked, wet, slutty mess, laying on the couch in my own vaginas fluids, and she's sitting there in her sweater vest as if she just sat through a lecture.
"So," Nat asks, "how do you feel?"
"Um, pretty good. A little embarrassed..."
Nat sits up straight, and looks me dead in the eyes. Given my state, it's honestly kinda crazy how she's not even glancing at... the rest of me.
"Tracy, come on," she says, "be honest. Tell me how you REALLY feel."
Shit. I gotta bluff. "I...what do you mean?"
Nat looks at me sternly. "Tracy, I can see it all over your face. Please tell me the truth, for the sake of my research. I'm not going to judge you, and you should know that.
Damn it. Leave it to Nat to analyze every little thing like that. Guess I have no choice.
"Alright...the truth is...I felt POWERFUL."
She takes notes. It clear she's writing down every word. "Oh yeah? How so?" she asks.
"Well," I continue, "being butt naked, pleasuring myself in front of my closest friends, fully exposing myself like that...if I can do that, I can do anything!"
I can't believe I just said that. I find my mind wondering to all the possibilities. Public masturbation. Public sex. Sex in front of a huge crowd.
God.
Nat nods in approval, and closes her iPad. "Great, thanks. I'm looking forward to studying your future venture as. It's not every day someone gets to study such a rare experience as yours."
She walks out of the living room, leaving me alone on the couch, still as exposed as ever.