Topless in front of friends leads to more than expected
NOTICE: Copyright © 2021 - This is an original work by EdwardKalb and is protected under copyright by U.S. copyright law. It is only submitted at Literotica.com and the Author has not authorized any submission to any other site.
Author's Note: This is the continuation of the journey of a man and a woman trying to re-ignite the passion in their marriage after raising 3 kids. In Part I, the experiences of a vacation to the Caribbean a year ago proved life-changing and marriage saving. The flame ignited in that trip began to burn a bit hotter each day since. Now this couple wants to explore new erotic adventures and see where this road takes them...
(This story contains real-life experiences and re-counts actual events of our life. The writer enhanced the story with certain (small) details. If you are looking for a quick fuck and suck story, this is not for you. These stories are based on (real) life experiences)
If you haven't read the previous chapters, I suggest that you do so...
------------------------
Susan and Edward woke up together in each other's arms. Edward lost count on how many times they fucked last night.
"Good morning sexy," whispered Edward.
"Good morning. How are you? How did my stud sleep?" asked Susan. Her pussy was sore, but in a good way, from the pounding it took last night.
"Not much sleep. Sleep is overrated!" Edward chuckled. They both laughed.
After breakfast, they went to the beach and found their now familiar palapa. It was a beautiful day on Bavaro Beach and the sea was a beautiful bluish-green. Even though the beach was getting quite crowded, Edward did not see anyone of the friends they met on the beach.
"I wonder where Stan and Janet and Kevin and Patty are."
They had met Kevin and Patty in the pool near the pool bar the day before. They were from LA and were a nice couple about the same age. They also had a lot in common and loved to travel. So Susan and Edward hit it off immediately as they exchanged travel stories.
Susan looked at Edward with astonishment. "Honey, don't you remember? They were both doing different excursions this morning. They will likely not be back until later."
And just as Susan got her husband's attention, she reached around, undid her bikini top and tossed it into her beach bag. Edward watched stunned as his wife lay back with her tits on display. This was the first time his wife removed her top, unprompted and without the need to grovel.
Susan took a deep breath and smiled in satisfaction of her accomplishment. Her attitude had changed, no doubt fueled by the events of the previous day. The fact was, she could not wait to get to this beach this morning and test her resolve. ﻿At this moment, she forgot she was a wife, a mother, and a business professional and was solely focused on how good it felt to feel the warmth of the sun on, and the slight sea breeze blowing across, her nipples - an absolute extraordinary sensation of freedom.
And because their friends were on excursions, she knew there was little chance they would see her in this state, which eased her trepidation and avoided any potential awkward scene.
Looking around and seeing some of the men around her watching, instead of nervousness, embarrassment, or humiliation, she felt a thrill course through her. Once reluctant to believe she could garner any special attention, her thrill was centered on knowing that other men still found her attractive. And doing something in public she once considered so lewd and obscene, she felt deliciously bad.
And in almost a blink of an eye, Susan had transformed into confident vixen.
Edward watched and admired his sexy wife. She seemed even more comfortable being topless than her previous times. He watched as Susan started applying sunscreen to her body, spreading the cream all over her chest, taking a nice slow rub around each breast and applying a little more on each nipple. Susan looked up at Edward and with a little smirk asked, "You're liking this, aren't you?"
Laying back she pulled a book out of her bag to read. That gave Edward the opportunity to look around to see who was nearby, and if anyone was watching. It was hard to explain and, he believed, even harder for some people to understand why showing off his wife to other men created such sexual excitement inside him. It was almost like a drug, and he just couldn't get enough.
Simply, it turned him on so much watching his cute, sexy, once shy and reserved wife re-discover her naughty side.
***********
"I'm going for a dip. Join me?"
After an hour sunbathing, it was getting hot and Susan needed to cool off in the sea. But Edward didn't even have a chance to respond. She got up and walked into the water sans top, leaving it at the sun-lounger!
Edward's eyes followed his wife. He loved this playful side of Susan. And he loved watching her tits bouncing in the waves. There were others around them and he noticed guys turning to check out his wife. It excited him and his cock responded accordingly. He was so proud to see some of the guys around them focused on her.
When she finished cooling off, Susan walked towards her sun-lounger. Topless, wearing nothing but a pair of bikini bottoms, her body dripping with water, she knew guys were watching as every man's eyes focused upon her
.
Instead of immediately going for her beach towel at her lounger, Susan looked towards her husband, who was gawking at her happily. Without any apprehension or concern towards her state of undress, Susan reached for her cocktail and downed it in one gulp.
After she finished her drink, she turned and, bending down from the waist, spread her towel neatly on the lounger while giving everybody a view of her breasts hanging freely beneath her.
Edward looked around seemingly at the right time. Unexpectedly, he saw Stan and Janet walking towards the beach from the hotel. Should he warn Susan?
Edward could not process all of this fast enough. But curiously, he felt his hard-on straining the material of his board shorts.
"Hi guys!" Janet called out to Edward just as their new friends came up to them fast. Susan was a bit startled. So were Stan and Janet. They stopped dead in their tracks speechless, certainly not expecting to see their new friend topless.
"I'm sorry," Susan apologized as she sat up covering her breasts as best she could.
"Why sorry?" asked Janet, finally speaking. "If you want to know the truth, I am actually envious of your confidence, Susan. You look great, doesn't she honey?"
Susan immediately felt her body flush with embarrassment and looked away. Finally looking at her friends, she noticed Stan staring at her under the mirrored lenses of his sunglasses with a wry smile. She once again blushed, freezing in place as the man focused on her tits.
"Doesn't she, STAN?" Janet repeated.
Stan just stood there, his eyes taking in every inch of skin - both uncovered and partially covered - systematically moving up and down, as if memorizing every inch of her.
"You have a great body and look great Susan. And honey, you would look great also. Why not join Susan?" pleaded Stan.
"I can't with this one-piece. Next time... and I need to lose some weight."
"Well thank-you," Susan said nervously. "You both are sweet. I just did not want to embarrass you or make you uncomfortable. I never did this before. Are you okay with this honey?"
Edward could not believe it and was in shock that his normally conservative wife was openly and willingly standing tits out in front of friends. He was simply overawed by the excitement of it. It was a true fantasy come true for him.
He swallowed hard. "Susan, you look great and your confidence is sexy and inspiring. I love you and yes, I am OK with you keeping your top off."
With no objections, Susan felt reassured, but only slightly comfortable. Despite urges to the contrary, Susan surprised herself and decided to remain topless as they settled into their loungers and talked.
Through the cover of his Wayfarer sunglasses, Edward noticed Stan unashamedly staring at his wife, or quite possibly, simply unable not to. Edward felt his hard-on straining the material of his board shorts. Then when he saw Stan moving around and trying to re-adjust his trunks, he swallowed hard, his throat dry from nervous excitement.
Edward announced they needed some adult refreshments. As Stan joined Edward to make a run for drinks at the beach bar, Stan apologized for the intrusion.
"Hey, sorry man. We should not have snuck up on you guys like that."
"No need to apologize. I have no problem, Stan. Susan's been topless before; it's not her first time. I don't feel jealous or the need to protect her. I kinda enjoy it actually. And besides, if she feels uncomfortable and the need to be more discreet, I am certain she will cover up. I know she just didn't want to make you guys feel uncomfortable."
"Well, I am okay with it! You are a lucky man, Edward, and if you don't me saying, I am very envious!"
"Thanks man! I know!"
As they returned, Edward thought it interestingly that not only did Susan not cover up while they were gone. Knowing how shy and uncomfortable she once was about her body image, he was proud of this newfound courage. He loved this woman!
Susan winked at him as he handed her a cocktail, then took a long sip of her drink and raised an eyebrow, completely comfortable in the moment. Was she now relishing her exposure?
As the conversation continued, talking about everything and anything, Edward noticed Stan was once again fixated on Susan's boobs no matter who was talking. He saw Janet glance at Stan a few times, but he paid her no mind.
Susan blushed, knowing the man was unabashedly staring at her in front of his wife. She could feel his eyes taking in her body, every curve and crevice, every blemish, as if committing to memory every square inch of her. And Susan could see his swim shorts tenting.
Was she flustered? Yes.
Did she want to cover herself? Yes.
Did she? NO!!!
Meanwhile Edward was having a hard time containing his arousal. He was convinced that his wife was now openly teasing another man. And seeing Stan gawk incessantly at his wife's tits confirmed he was appreciative of his wife's body. He felt ready to explode, still in shock that his normally conservative wife was openly and willingly remaining topless in front of someone they knew, albeit only briefly.
"I'm ready for a walk. Anybody want to go with me?" blurted Susan, out of the blue.
"I will!" Edward jumped up, readjusted his board shorts, and looked for his camera while grabbing a water bottle.
"I think we will stay here for a bit," said Janet, "Then I want to catch a nap before dinner. It was an early day for us. But, let's meet at the bar later for drinks."
"Yes, for sure...definitely... let's get together later. Okay?" Stan pleaded, clearly disappointed with the turn of events, but still openly staring at Susan's tits.
"Well, this is our last night. So we should definitely make the most of it! So sure, see you guys later!" promised Edward.
Edward was convinced Susan would put her top back on. To Edward's delight, she left her top on the chaise lounger and started walking. Edward hustled to catch up. This was a true fantasy come true for him.
They walked over a mile down the beach. All the while, Susan watched the reaction of the people they passed."Funny"she thought to herself."Perhaps guys really do enjoy seeing a real woman."She always thought guys were only aroused by Playboy model types, with their big perfect tits and body.
And as she thought back, Susan felt so liberated being topless in front of their new friends. She walked proudly and confidently. She actually hoped she would also run into Kevin and Patty during this walk.
A nice cool breeze caressed her breasts and nipples and really made for a great contrast to the warmth of the sun. The sensation and a little nervousness about walking without a top just made it that much more exhilarating. She did have to admit though; once she got over the initial nervousness she loved taking a walk on this gorgeous beach while topless.
Just then Susan noticed a great looking man walking towards them. He was tall, about 45, and in excellent shape for his age. His torso was chiseled and his waist trim and taut. He wore snugly fitted bathing trunks, not a tiny speedo, but like short and tight boxer briefs.
He was walking alone. Susan immediately walked a little straighter, and pushed her shoulders back, which pushed her tits out a bit more. Her tits moved rhythmically to the beat of her walk. As he got closer, she noticed the outline of his manhood bulging within the tight fabric.
Edward noticed the guy seemed to be studying Susan; actually he was completely focused and absorbed by the view of Susan's jiggling tits. As they passed, he said hello and nodded kindly at Susan.
"Looks like you have another admirer!" Edward's words startled Susan. He noticed a blush appearing on her face.
Her blush deepened, "Stop...don't tease me, Edward." Her voice tinged with embarrassment.
"Nothing to be ashamed of, honey. He was seriously checking you out. Obviously he enjoyed the view...as I am enjoying the view. I am very lucky to be holding hands with a sexy topless woman at this moment."
She glanced behind her and studied her admirer's broad shoulders and ass as he walked."Damn that's a good looking man,"Susan whispered to herself.
Suddenly, he turned around and gave a wave to Susan. Susan was caught looking. Slightly embarrassed, she gave a meek little wave.
Suddenly, Susan realized she was so turned on, she could feel wetness dripping from her pussy. She knew she was visibly soaked - she could feel it, and she was sure a wet spot in her bikini bottoms could be seen glistening in the sun. She was sure everyone could see it was too.
"Shall we turn around and introduce ourselves?" Again, Edward's words startled Susan.
"What?"
"Come on, Susan. He likes what he sees. He is a great looking guy, don't you think?" The drinks and the ocean air seemed to lower Edward's inhibitions to discuss this further.
"Well, yah. He's good looking."
"Only...good looking? I saw how you walked a little taller as soon as you spotted him. I saw how you turned to check him out. Maybe, you know, if you are interested, you can explore things further. I am sure he will be interested in you. Just see where it goes!"
"Edward!!!"
Susan knew what Edward was referring to. She thought back to that night in the hot tub when Edward told her he wanted to see her fool around with and even have sex with another guy.
"Okay, he's hot," admitted Susan after a brief pause.
Edward's dick instinctively twitched in arousal. "So, would you?"
Her blush persisted. Flipping her hair back flirtatiously she replied jokingly, "Well, who wouldn't?"
Susan laughed in mock amusement, but the truth was, she was intrigued. Should she test her husband's asserted desire for her to be 'with' another guy? This decision needed to be made now."This is happening so fast. I can't think straight,"she thought to herself.
"No worries. I am not pushing you. You will know when the time is right." Edward offered as if reading her mind.
Meanwhile, Edward's mind started wandering, fantasizing about his wife inviting him to their room. He fantasized about watching this guy push his cock into his wife's pussy from behind. And he fantasized about Susan sucking his cock. It was odd but arousing.
He shook his head."THAT will never happen,"he thought.
Yet he remained absolutely convinced Susan was attracted to that guy. He looked exactly like the type of guy he imagined Susan could fuck. And since he remembered seeing him at the pool of the Hotel earlier, Edward knew he was staying at their resort.
**********
Soon, after another hundred yards, they came upon a catamaran on the beach.
"Hey, why don't you go over to that catamaran? I want to take a few photos."
"Edward! I don't think that would be a good idea. Walking topless when we do not know anyone is one thing. Taking photos that may be discovered by our kids or seen by others - not a good thing."
"Come on, Susan. Look how colorful the sails are. It would make a great backdrop. You look great. Just pose a bit for a few. We can store the photos in a secure location at home. Don't worry!"
All the times previous to this trip, Susan denied Edward's request to take photos of her topless or nude. Unknown to Susan, however, Edward had covertly taken many photos of Susan sunbathing topless. He had not shared them with anyone. He just wanted photos of his sexy wife that he could look back on when they were older. He knew this could be a good time to ask.
"Okay. Just a couple."
Susan sat on the edge of the catamaran while Edward started taking photos.
"Bring one leg up," Edward instructed, "Now the other. Great!"
Susan followed Edward's instructions. She was beginning to feel more and more comfortable. Plus the sun felt great on her skin and the slight Caribbean breeze tingled her nipples.
"Now arch your back a little." Edward directed. He loved that his sexy wife posed for him.
Susan was now getting the hang of it and moved around a bit for different poses. He must have taken 25 shots when a voice interrupted the session.
"Hello! Do you want to take the Cat sailing?"
Susan was startled. This was one of the guys that worked in the water sports hut. He was a young guy, maybe 18 or 20 with a dark complexion piercing eyes and a great smile. Susan eyed him from head to toe. Wearing only tight speedo-like swim shorts, he had rumpled hair, a nice angled chest with six-pack abs, with thin legs but pronounced muscles.
Susan instinctively covered her breasts with her hands blushing, thinking about her misfortune at leaving her bikini top so far away.
Edward spoke quickly. "I hope you don't mind. We just wanted to take a few photos and the Cat made for a great backdrop."
"No problem, man. Just let me know if I can help with anything."
Edward had a brilliant idea. He hoped it would not ruin the mood or cause Susan to storm off. He decided to take a chance.
"Well, if you don't mind. How about posing for a few photos with my wife?"
Susan was completely mortified by her husband's suggestion. She now felt so naked, and could not believe she left her bikini top at the sun lounger so far back. But before she knew it, Edward was shaking hands with the man saying, "My name is Edward, and this is my wife Susan."
"My name is Roberto." As Roberto offered to shake hands with Susan, Susan reluctantly extended her hand, which caused a nipple to become exposed.
"Do you mind?" Roberto was hesitant.
"You want to take photos of me standing next to your wife?
Edward persisted. "Look, it's okay if you are not comfortable. I understand if you wouldn't want to have your picture taken next to a beautiful and nearly naked woman?"
Susan was beside herself, stunned by her husband's shameless comment. Not only was she without her bikini top, but also now he wanted to embarrass her? He was most certainly challenging her, pushing her moral boundaries. Could she accept this challenge? Remarkably, she could not muster a sentence in protest.
Roberto smiled. "Sure, why not? I am the only one here and today is a slow day. I will help," And with that Roberto walked over next to Susan.
Edward paused, he was sure his wife would object to such an indecorous suggestion. But hearing no verbal opposition, he pressed forward.
"So, here is what we will do. Roberto, you lean against the hull of the Cat and honey, you stand just in front of him, would you be okay with that sweetheart?" Susan could only look at him in astonishment, but remained silent. Reluctantly, she nodded in agreement and followed her husband's instructions.
"Now Susan, put your hands on your hips. Good. Now Roberto, place your hands over hers."
Roberto did as asked but when he put his hands on Susan's hips, he pulled her in close to him. She gasped and became even more upset with her husband's lack of concern for her own propriety. But when she looked up, she saw Roberto smiling down at her. He was tall, with a gentle smile, but his touch felt powerful. Shamefully, she did not even hesitate as she leaned into the man's embrace while smirking at her husband to see what he thought of her willingness to capitulate.
To her surprise and continued anger, Edward merely grinned at her and continued snapping more photos.
"Now honey, lean your head back into him, and move your feet wider apart. Now remember, honey, if you feel uncomfortable at any time..."
Susan was not about to be the one to cry uncle. Edward's eyes continued urging her on, and finally she relented. She leaned her head back and spread her legs before her husband finished his sentence.
Roberto's chest was hard and he smelled of musk and ocean. With Roberto's arms wrapped securely around her bare waist, Susan could feel his member wedged against her ass. She blushed - was she feeling the beginning of an erection?
She attempted to pull away, only to feel Roberto's grip tighten, holding her firmly against him, his cock resting between her ass cheeks. Susan felt conflicting emotions as she tried to regain her composure - embarrassment at being in the arms of another man while topless, and strangely, arousal from the sudden intimate moment between them. And she was practically in shock as she felt the man's erection pressed so tightly against her ass. She could halt this at any time, but shamefully she did nothing.
"Great!" Edward was in control now and wanted to push it further.
"Allow me to re-position..." He moved his wife's hands up so that Susan was covering her breasts and then took Roberto's hands and placed it over hers. He stepped back. With Roberto's hands much larger than Susan's, it appeared as though he was cupping his wife's breasts. The thought of another man feeling up his wife's tits excited him, and he felt his cock fighting for more room in his shorts.
Susan knew this was one of her husband's fantasies, and could tell Edward wanted to watch this progress further. She once again reluctantly caved in, succumbing to her pity at the expense of her own self-esteem. Strangely, trying to reconcile the possibility of another man touching her breasts, she felt naughty -- her exposure of her body, and his closeness, adding to an already high state of arousal. She decided to let the director direct.
After more shots, Edward asked them to open their fingers wide. This had the effect of making for a much more erotic shot, as Susan's nipples poked through between their fingers. Edward continued shooting as Roberto and Susan moved their heads providing different angles for the photo shoot.
Then Edward instructed Susan to lift her arms up and put her hands behind Roberto's head. Roberto did not know what to do with his hands, but Edward guided them and placed them on his wife's boobs. Roberto smiled as he awkwardly cupped Susan's mounds.
Susan shuddered from another man's touch directly on her tits. She was about to push them away when her husband interrupted.
"Don't worry Roberto it's okay. Honey, I assume you are okay with this? If not, just move Roberto's hand."
She again felt challenged. Her competitive nature kicked in and there was no way she was going to lose this dare. Softly, barely audible, Susan whispered into Roberto's ear, "Yes!"
Susan was shocked by how far she was allowing this little deviant fantasy go. And she was surprised her husband was allowing another man to blatantly feel up his practically naked wife.
Edward stepped back and starting shooting again. "Great! This is great stuff!"
Edward stopped taking photos for a moment just to savor the moment. Of course it was no surprise Roberto was thrilled, grinning like a kid in a candy store as he began to caress his wife's tits. The contrast between his wife's feminine forms and the chiseled man surrounding her accentuated her sensuous curves. And the contrast of Roberto's dark hands on his wife's creamy white skin made it even more erotic.
Another wave of warm arousal passed through her body, and Susan could feel her body betraying her decency. Her breath became shallow. Her nipples tightened becoming incriminating hardened nubs. And she knew that her red bikini bottoms were no doubt revealing the excitement dripping from her pussy.
To her shame, she said nothing as the young man's hands glided across her breasts, actually enjoying the contact of his skin against hers. Without realizing it, she leaned back, resting her head against his chest as his hands became more adventurous, encompassing her breasts each in one hand and flicking her nipples.
And to make matters worse, as Roberto liberally squeezed and kneaded her tits, Susan felt both frightened and excited when she felt the man's cock getting bigger. And it just kept growing! Shamelessly, she wondered, how big was this monster she felt behind her? The fact that only the thinnest scraps of cloth from their bathing suits separated them made it even bawdier.
"Okay Roberto, now spread your fingers so that they were are spread out." Roberto smiled broadly.
This had the intended affect of again revealing a nipple between his fingers. Susan let out an involuntary groan when she felt Roberto boldly pinch and tug on her hardened nipples between his thumbs and forefingers, clamping down and giving each one a tight squeeze.
Edward was shocked by how far his wife was allowing this to go. It was almost like the game of 'chicken' to see who would give up first.
"Great work Roberto! You are really getting into this," Edward said, his voice shaking.
Edward heard his wife let out a squeal as the tall black man ran one hand down Susan's abs to her bikini bottom, while continuing to squeeze her nipple with his other. This was now moving from erotic to lewd. But yet, Edward did nothing as he watched a total stranger run his hands all over his beautiful wife's body. Somehow, in his perverted mind, witnessing another man take liberties with his wife's body elevated the eroticism to another dimension.
As Roberto's hand moved just inside her bikini bottoms, he leaned forward and nuzzled against Susan's neck. Roberto was getting more brazen. Would Susan stop him? Would Edward stop him?
Quite the opposite; although her heart was pounding inside her chest and she was having trouble catching her breath, Susan was surprised at her boldness. And both men were making her feel even more sexual. She was losing control. She felt hot flashes course throughout her body. Another man had not touched her so intimately for almost 30 years. This was a sudden and big step in their sexual adventures. She didn't know how far Edward would take this, or how far SHE would let him.
As Edward continued snapping photos, Susan closed her eyes and spread her legs wider, relishing this forbidden moment. Roberto's fingers tweaking her nipples were a rush. But having his hands exploring her body within inches of touching her pussy was sending Susan near the edge.
Edward noticed the look in Susan's eyes. Her head was back and her breathing was deeper and much more erratic now. There was little doubt his wife was enjoying the pleasures of another man. And Edward was breathing heavy himself, still unable to voluntarily stop what was happening before him. His wife allowing this young black man to fondle her, and seeing the enjoyment written all over her face, was simply too arousing and erotic to stop.
He tried to remember the long journey to get to this point. A couple of days ago this had been just a fantasy in his mind. Now, a myriad of emotions played through his head as he watched the wildly erotic display play out in front of him.
And besides, it was only playful fun -- nothing more could actually happen, right?
Susan let out a soft moan, and noticed two couples had stopped to watch. She did not know how long they had been watching and she did not care. What she felt more than anything was raw, animalistic excitement.
Susan realized her hips were inadvertently swaying back and forth with Roberto's arms around her. She felt Roberto's hard penis within the crack of her ass. The fact that she was allowing another man to openly fondle her in public was one thing, but now knowing she was the cause of a young man's erection was almost more than she could stand. Her nerve endings were already raw and overheated. Now they moved into overdrive. Her nipples were swollen and ached. Her pussy burned between her legs - oozing with her essence.
She broke out of her trance and realized at that moment she was doing something exceptionally taboo. She flushed in further embarrassment experiencing this debauchery right there in front of her husband!
"I'm so sorry Edward, I...I shouldn't have..." Susan apologized as she abruptly straightened up and took a step away from the young man.
"No need to apologize," her husband interrupted. "They are tempting, aren't they, Roberto?" he boasted.
Susan's face flushed red in embarrassment and shame at the realization of what she had been doing and seeing others were still watching.
Her mind was in complete disarray, mortified and confused at her reactions. Susan could feel her body trembling; practically in shock as she felt another man's erection pressed so against her ass. And she blushed even further when Roberto again pulled her hips tightly into him, his hard-on pressing against her, practically dry-humping her, making no pretense about his aspiration, his cock and her pussy separated only by the thinnest material of their bathing suits.
She was a happily married woman after all! Throughout her life she was the faithful wife. She was brought up to be a good Catholic girl. Yet, why was it so strangely thrilling?
She wondered what was happening to her. There should be absolutely no reason for her body to respond to another man, and for her to be this horny. Yet strangely she loved that she was being this way. She found it both frightening and exciting.
She could not focus on anything occurring around her, as all her attention was focused on the sinfully wicked feeling of another man's arms wrapped securely around her hips and bare waist, and the unmistakable and unrelenting pressure of his cock wedged against her ass.
Had she been repressing her true desires? Was there a dark side hiding deep inside her?
And Edward continued watching as if hypnotized. He just couldn't tear his eyes away from the provocative scene right in front of him. He knew at that moment that this was not the end of their journey.
He knew there was much more to explore...
************
Susan and Edward walked back towards their hotel, his wife still freed from her top. They were holding hands, but there was an uncomfortable silence between them. Just 15 minutes earlier, Edward was at the peak of sexual excitement as he watched another man play with Susan's nipples and explore other parts of her body. As excited as he was, he knew that after over 30 years of marriage he knew what the silence meant. There was something wrong.
Susan's mind was racing. Yes she was very turned on by having another man, and a young man at that, play with her tits and run his hands over her body. She was flattered that he found her, and all her almost 50 years, attractive. She felt so sexy when she felt his cock grow to a full hard-on as he pressed into her bikini-covered ass. She loved it as he moved his cock in a rhythm around her ass.
Yet she felt something odd, like something bad just happened. She became filled with uncertainty, even a little fear. While she would admit that deep inside her she felt a thrill of excitement, her long-standing conservative side trumped her new fledgling desires. Why was she feeling so guilty?
It was now late afternoon as they continued their return walk along the beach back to their hotel. The sun was lower and was casting a beautiful golden glow on Susan's body. Edward looked at Susan's boobs moving rhythmically to the beat of their walk.
"Wow! I just love the way you boobs are jiggling and the way the sun is enhancing your tanned body," Edward wanted to say something to break the silence.
Edward's words reminded Susan that she did not have her bikini top on. She was in such deep thought and self-reflection that she had forgotten that she left her top back at the sun-lounger, and had been walking around topless for the past hour. As luck would have it, they were now walking right towards where the bulk of the people were. And, there were maybe 25 or 30 people walking directly towards them.
Edward saw what was coming. He looked at this as another opportunity to show off his wife. He felt a sense of pride walking with this beautiful woman, who was one of the few topless women on the beach. And he loved watching the approving looks of other guys as they walked past. Most of all, he loved the confidence Susan now had in her body.
As the first group approached, Susan thought to cover up. Having been brought up in the American culture where nudity isn't celebrated and the naked body is highly sexualized meant that she should feel exceedingly embarrassed with her tits exposed to the world. But she stopped herself. She did not want to regress to her 'vanilla' life. She needed to let go of whatever lingering inhibitions were flowing though her mind.
She pushed herself to walk taller with her shoulders back and her tits out. As the group walked closer, Susan saw each and every one of them staring at her tits. Most of the guys wore sunglasses. She remembered Edward telling her about guys wearing sunglasses so that their wives did not see them staring at other women. She had to chuckle.
Edward noticed also. Every person, man and woman, focused in on Susan's boobs. And when she did not even try to cover herself, he found it satisfyingly invigorating to see his wife push her conservative boundaries and elevate her confidence. She wasn't now shamelessly exposing her tits to the world to prove some point, or to show that she was brave enough, or not a prude; she was doing it becauseshewanted to - it turned her on. It was as simple as that.
Although it was a long, slow, transformation, the intended results were validated. That realization made this long journey so worthwhile.
As they got back to their sun-loungers, Edward asked, "How are you doing? Are you feeling okay?"
Susan reached into the beach bag, retrieved her bikini top and tied it back on. "It is getting late. Let's pack up and go back to our room. From being out in the sun all day, I need to take a rest before we go out for dinner."
"OK...not totally pissed, but...definitely something bothering her,"Edward thought. He wisely decided not to push her further. They had already taken huge steps in their new lifestyle.
Susan refused to speak of it anymore for the rest of the afternoon, and after a few minutes, they eventually decided to head back to their room to shower and get ready for their night out.
There was a lot that they both needed to process. They had to decide if they could continue down this road of sexual exploration.
Or should they keep fantasy separate from reality???...