Author's Notes: The series of stories are based on true events and all the sexual antics of the wife. The story is said from the point of view of the husband. Some minor aspects and certain events are fictional to enhance the overall experience of the story. Names have been altered to hide their identity.
When I got back home from work, I found my house quite empty. Wednesday is a rest day for Claudi my wife of 4 years. But she was not at home which was her usual routine was to just read and sleep all day. I had a wash and made myself dinner and was just sitting down to eat when I heard the front door open and was sure that Claudi was back from wherever she was. Just a moment after she walked into the kitchen and gave me her usual cheerful hugs and kisses.
"Where were you?" I asked.
"Oh just went out for a drink with Derick as we had to discuss some issues we are having this weekend" she replied headed to the fridge to grab a soda.
Derick is her best friend from her college days and they have been knowing each other for just over 8 years. He is also her pimp, sex partner, webcam partner, friends with benefits, agent, lover, and was involved in almost all her sexual antics. I will write more about how they started in another part of the series.
"Why what issues are you having?" I asked. Normally Thursday through Sunday was their time for sex cam chats or Derick to pimp her out like a common whore. This all happened at Derick's house over the second and last weekend of the month.
Claudi and I met at a party thrown by my company 5 years ago. She was the escort of one of my colleagues to the party. She is 5'8" with an amazing hourglass figure. Her hair was jet black with eyes that were very sharp and sensual and this has been a feature that attracted most men to her including me. Her rack was a 36DD and was not out of proportion on her slender body. They were firm and stood up even without a bra with no signs of sag. Her waist was slim at just 28 and a very tight, round spankable butt at 34. Her legs were slender and long. She was naturally tanned overall thanks to her South Asian descent. As my friend was piss drunk, I accompanied her for the rest of the evening and naturally spending the night with her. Since then we did meet up quite several times (professionally according to her) and we just clicked. We fell in love and married in late September 2016. She just turned 26 and I was 36 nearing 37.
By this time I knew all about her sexual antics and about Derick and all her intentions to continue her lifestyle. Being 10 years her senior with a more mature mindset I was ok with it and she had my blessings as it was just sex and fun with no emotional attachments.
"A tree has fallen on the back garden and has damaged the roof so there are a lot of repairs needed." She said sitting beside me, "Derick is thinking of making some changes to the house and expand my room to have much more space and add in some more kinky space while he is at the repairs."
"Sounds like it's going to take more than this weekend!" I added.
"Yup! It could be weeks or months. But this weekend is too short notice for us to make any alternative arrangements and I have already got 8 clients lined up for the weekend and many more expected to drop by on call. We can't disappoint them."
"You mean you can't be deprived of all the sex!" I added with a wicked grin which landed a punch on my ribs.
"I'm serious. It's a big problem and I am expecting my first customer at 5.30 pm tomorrow followed by one more at 8 pm and then my all-nighter at 10 pm. Before all that at 10 am we start our usual cam shows." She was concerned but her expression was as if she already had cooked up a plan.
"So what do you have in mind? Can't you get a hotel or something?"
"Yes that was the initial plan, but that would mean that Derick will lose his portion of the fees and I don't want him to bear the cost all on his own given that he is fishing in more money for repairs and all that so that I could have more pleasure and comfort in doing so." She had a point. "I was wondering if we can set up our base here for the weekend! At our house!" It was more of a statement than a suggestion.
"I have no issues with it but won't the guest rooms be too small for all the fun you have planned? And won't it be weird since you have never had a client at home?" Our house is a modern 4 bedroom two-story house with a large pool and a back garden. The master bedroom was the size of three average rooms with a massive ensuite and walk-in closet. But the three guest rooms were just above average size all with ensuites.
"I was thinking more of our bedroom to be used for the weekend and you can shift into one of the guest bedrooms" She sensed that I was not happy with the arrangement. "It's just for this weekend and I will make sure that Derick works on a plan for the rest until the house is fixed. It would be fun as now you will get to see or at least hear what we are up to." I have already seen her in action but just not at our house.
"Fine! But just for this weekend!" I conceded. She was back in her cheerful mood and looked like a small girl who just received her Christmas present she longed for. She was all over me showering me with kisses and hugs. "So can I call Derick over so we can set up all the equipment and help you move into the guest bedroom?"
"Now?"
"Yes, he just dropped me off and went home to pack the stuff up so we can move them here as soon as I gave him the green light. Also once everything is done we can have a good threesome. So I can have both my favorite cocks ravish me together" She was excited as a little kid.
"You're just a horny bitch in heat always and can't just get enough of cock. I wouldn't expect less." I pointed out to her.
For all you wondering, No I am not a cuckold! We just have a very open relationship and I know that while my wife is sexually very active she emotionally faithful to me. She was very open about her sexual antics from the start and Derick was the first person I met from her life Just a couple of days after we started officially dating. I am well built with regular exercise and diet and blessed with a 10" cock that is average in diameter. Derick on the other hand is almost 8.5" but twice as thick as mine. Her words are that I can drill deep into her and he can drill wide into her. Both I and Derick have on many occasions teamed up in banging Claudi to extreme pleasure with our favorite being an Eiffel tower and her preference being DAP.
She rang Derick to break the news and he agreed that he will meet us at our house in an hour, giving me ample time to move out anything that I would need and ensure that I don't have to disturb their work. I choose the room on our ground floor which had a comfy double bed with a home office desk built onto one corner of the room. The benefit being the room was just under the master bedroom and had a computer with a TV monitor setup for viewing her webcam performance.
Derick dropped by just past 9 pm and we helped him set up the computer and camera equipment in the bedroom. They had to be fixed in a way that they can be moved out within a couple of minutes as they always had two spacious rooms at Derick's house -- one for cam performances and one for seeing clients. But now they had to manage with one room for both purposes. Once all was set up and trialed on moving them to the adjoining bedroom once the cam shows were over, both I and Derick went back to the lounge to grab a beer. Claudi wanted to wash and agreed to join us back in a couple of minutes.
While we were on our second beer we heard footsteps coming down the stairs but it was the sound of heels and not her usual flip flops she wore at home. Both of us turned our heads in unison to see Claudi walking down in a new set of hot lingerie that I had not seen before. Later I found out that this outfit was new to Derick as well. She had done her usual make-up and hair to make her look more ravishing than she already is. She wore a red lace half cup bra that was showing off her pointy nipples through the thin material and her dark arousals peeking out of the top edges of the cups. She wore a matching lace panty that was full lace without a crotch cover. Red garter belt and black and red stockings. She wore a 4" pencil stiletto that matched her entire outfit and made her taller but most of all made her ass more firm and sexier. We both leaped over the couch facing her.
"Why don't one of you fix me a drink before we start on the entertainment!" She purred and Derick practically ran to the kitchen to fix her a drink. She swayed up to me and we kissed deeply and passionately with lots of tongues all the while my hands were roaming and feeling her hot body. Derick walked in with a glass of Vodka for her and all three of us sat down on the couch with her in between the two of us.
She had both her legs spread wide and each leg resting over our laps giving us ample space to play with her pussy while she enjoyed her drink and our feels. Derick was the first to have her left nipple out of her cup and started pinching them between his thumb and index finger while I started rubbing her clit over the thin material of her panties.
She was moaning and finding it difficult to sip on her drink with us turning her on with our touch. I moved down the couch and in between her legs and peeled off her panties exposing her waxed pussy. She prefers wax over shave and all the men love how bold and smooth her pussy is and of course how wet and tight it is. No matter how many men with all sizes and shapes of cock had been in her, she still had a very tight hole as if by some miracle it would stretch to accommodate and contract back to its normal form.
I started eating her pussy and she was so wet already from the overall sexual excitement. Meanwhile, Derick started kissing her deeply while still mauling her nipple with his fingers. She was shivering with sexual pleasure.
Derick moved his attention from her lips to the nipples and started sucking on them with great enthusiasm while Claudi was able to gulp down the remaining drink that was left in her glass. "Yes, Mike put your tongue deep! Fuck me with that long tongue of yours. Oh fuck. Fuck." She was moaning heavily as I did my magic with her pussy. She also encouraged Derick "Bite them. Rip those nipples off me. Oh God yes! That's it, don't stop. For fucks sake bite them". Her nipples are so sensitive and she loves them being tortured. Specially bitten hard.
I stood up and removed my pants and she got the idea what I needed and she pulled me by my butt closer and my cock was just inches away from her mouth and she looked into my eyes and placed a kiss on the head of my circumcised cock. "You love this don't you?" she purred and started licking along the entire length of the shaft. Little by little she took my entire length in her mouth but the position was a bit uncomfortable on her throat so I decided to sit down on the couch so she can lean on it for better access. She is a great cocksucker and was able to take the full length of my 10" without any gag reflections from day one. Derick not moved on to her pussy but with his fingers still on her nipples. She was moaning on my cock with muffled sounds and we both knew she was more than enjoying this.
Derick decided it was enough eating her pussy and was time that he got his cock into the pussy he knows in and out. He pulled off his pants and boxers and lined the cock right at her pussy lips. She didn't need any lubrication as she was always wet. With one hard thrust, he had the entire length of his buried in my wife's pussy. She almost choked on my cock with the sudden invasion of her pussy though she was much used to it. Derick never played slow when entering her. He always loved having one swift move in burying his cock in her.
"Oh fuck! Oh yes!" She let go of my cock and looked deep into Derick's eyes. He kept pulling his cock out almost till the end and then ramming it back in full force. "Oh fuck! Yes, keep fucking me like that! Fuck me D! FUCK ME!!!" She was moaning like the bitch in heat that she was.
I got hold of her hair from the back and pulled it on my cock once more, but this time instead of her giving me head I fucked her mouth to my pleasure. Matching the rhythm of Derick full length to full length of our cocks sliding in and out of her mouth and pussy. We kept this up for nearly fifteen minutes and just after her first orgasm, we decided to switch places. As Derick was thicker she was only able to get half his length in her mouth and couldn't hold for more than 5 minutes as her jaws began to hurt.
I fucked her in full length but with a more steady passionate rhythm stimulating her G-spot using my cock head. She was moaning so loud that the neighbors would have called on the police. We decided to move the party to the bedroom which was more soundproof and comfortable.
I picked up my wife with my cock still buried in her pussy and took her up the stairs all while locked up in a passionate kiss. "Mind the steps! You two are going to trip and fall if you don't control yourselves" joked Derick. But we just weren't bothered.
I laid her down on the bed and asked her to get her head over the side of the bed. She knew well what was expected and she just obeyed eagerly. Derick got on the bed and in between her legs and had his cock buried deep into her again. He had no mercy on her pussy just fucked it like raw meat. I got to line up my cock against her mouth and rammed the full length in one move and held it deep for a while. I gripped her nipples in between my fingers and started twisting them to my heart's content while ramming my cock in and out of her mouth and throat. "You love this don't you bitch? Getting rammed from both ends without mercy?" asked Derick. All she could do was moan an "Mmmm... hmmm..." on to my cock.
I decided it was time that I had a go at her ass as that would allow her to be more vocal with us. I motioned to Derick to get on his back. "Bitch get on his cock facing him" I commanded and she did just that. She sat on him in a cowgirl position and lined up his cock to her waiting pussy and sank in "Oh fuck that feels good" she moaned. I lined up my throbbing cock at the entrance of her back door and worked my cock little by little into her.
"Yes get that cock in my ass. Tap that ass. Fuck me like the bitch I am!" she wanted more and more. Derick went back to mauling her tits while ramming his cock into her pussy and me ramming my cock up in her ass.
"Ohhhhh fuck! Don't stop. Keep fucking me don't you dare slow down. OHHHHHHH FUCK!" She had another one of her massive orgasms.
We ravished her wholes for another good 15 minutes when Derick started coming in her. He held her tight and thrust his cock deep into her and started flooding her tunnel with hot cum. She was buckling in her orgasm.
"Mike I need your cum in my mouth! Don't you dare come in my ass! Keep fucking till the last moment. Oh yes, Fuck!"
Derick had his cock still buried in her but he was done for the moment. I fucked her hard and in full length for another couple of minutes and wasn't able to hold on for longer. I quickly moved over them and had my cock lined up at her mouth and started fucking her mouth for the last few strokes. When I was about to erupt I held her head tight with my cock buried deep in her throat and started feeding her my cum. I usually cum more than Derick and she always wants it down her throat where possible. Her protein shake! Finally, I let go of her head but she kept sucking the last couple of drops off my now spent cock.
We all took a small break before round two and Claudi went over to the bathroom to clean up and change into another one of her slut outfits. We fucked her 3 more times that night and finally called it quits as it was just past 3 am with all of us having work tomorrow. Derick slept in the adjoining bedroom while Claudi and I snugged in together in our bed and drifted to sleep.
I was woken up with my usual good morning blow job. It has been a habit of ours that she would wake me up with a blowjob every day possible when she was at home. We made love once before we drag our ass's down for breakfast. Derick was still asleep and we decided to let him be.
When we were almost done with breakfast Derick walked down and joined us. I excused myself so I could go get ready to head out to work. I run my law firm with a total staff of 18. When I got back they were discussing the day's schedule. "So have there been any changes for the schedule today?" I inquired.
"So far no changes web sessions in the morning and 3 clients from 5.30 onwards. But we might have call-ins. Anyways Thursday and Friday are slow days." Mentioned Derick.
"How about Saturday and Sunday?" I knew she will be very busy with all her regulars and their referrals.
"Oh, Saturday and Sunday I might not get more than 4 hours of break time combined. I have 18 cocks lined up for those two days with two all-nighters." Claudi said very excitedly.
"It's going to be an interesting weekend." I kissed my wife before I headed over to work.
I called her up at 9 am just to see if everything was alright and plan out my role when I get back home.
"Hey, babes, all set up for the day?"
"Hi, handsome! Yup we just did another test of all the equipment's and I was just about to head over to have a wash and get ready"
"So you will start at 10 am?"
"Yup around 10 am and will go on till 4 pm so we can make the maximum use of time."
"Fair enough. Will try and log into the show during lunchtime but not sure if I will get to. But you have fun as always." Whenever I can I normally log into her cam-show to see how she enjoys herself and see all comments she gets.
"By the time I get home, you will be with your first client I guess" This is the first time in the past 5 years she has worked from home. It has always been at Derick's house which they shared before we married.
"Sorry love, hope you would not feel weird about it. It's just for this weekend as promised. You and Derick could go out because all three clients I have for today are my regulars and those we trust, so I should be safe"
"That's alright I will manage. After all, I get to hear you enjoy yourself just above my room" I assured her.
"Thank you. I love you more."
We said our goodbyes and I got back to work. Her cam-shows were very popular with sometimes having nearly a thousand viewers at a time. Both of them use a mask to conceal their identity as both are of Asian descent and no one in their families knows about what they do. They have been very discreet in front of the family.
On average they make about 2 grand for 06 hours with some very good days bringing in about 10 grand after all commissions are deducted. Both of them split it halfway after all expenses are covered. She has been financially independent since her college days.
As for her clients that Derick whore her out to they charge anywhere between 100 bucks to 5 grand depending on the services and time requested. Derick takes 60% as a pimp fee and the Claudi gets to keep the balance and any tips.
It was just past 6 when I reached home after work and I saw Claudi draped in a silk bathrobe bid goodbye to her first trick of the day with a very long and sensual kiss as I was just pulling up to my driveway. He saw me and thought I was another client of hers and avoided my glance. Only if he knew.
When she saw me, she ran in assuming that she wanted to freshen up to greet me. As I was just closing the door she ran back and hugged me and we kissed. "Sorry had to rinse my mouth" she said.
"That finished early?"
"Oh ya. He just wanted a straight fuck with no extras and we both enjoyed and John left a very happy customer"
"So you got a break till 8 pm! Let's have an early dinner"
"No can do. I got two more call-ins and my first is expected in 15 minutes and then another at 9 pm. So guess it's a nonstop run for me."
"I'm so surprised that your pussy can take so much pounding and still be so tight"
"I'm special!" She winked and boy I do have to agree on that. "Got to go change and be ready to meet my next client. See you in between or the morning. Love you loads." She kissed me deeply and ran back upstairs to get changed.
Over the weekend I only got to fuck her twice as she was busy back to back and also she needed some rest in between. On my count, they had almost 12 hours of cam-show time. She had 4 all-nighters and 27 other clients she saw.
On Monday when I woke up to get back to work and while Derick & I was having coffee, Claudi came down with her all-nighter who we knew as Adam. He grabbed a coffee for the drive back and Claudi cuddled up next to me on the couch.
"So how was your weekend?" I asked.
"What do you think?" She asked me while parting her robe and showing us her well-used pussy. It was red as a plum but not swollen. "I am SOOOOO satisfied and I enjoyed every bit of it. All the clients were great and they knew how to make a girl happy. Plus we were able to make a total of 37 grand before expenses. It was a good weekend" She added.
"Hey Mike, thanks for letting us use the house. We wouldn't have been able to pull off such a smooth weekend in such short notice if it wasn't for your understanding." Mentioned Derick.
"That's no issues. Anything for my babe. But now that the weekend is over do you have plans for the next couple of weekends until your place is up and running?"
"Yup. During the last two days I reached out to a couple of my friends and some clients of hers who we felt might have more than one property under their belt. One of my friends who owns a couple of rented properties just had one spacious 3 bedrooms being vacated by its tenants. So we are going to have a look at the place and finalize it with him."
"Must be quite an expense on your hand?" I enquired.
"Nope. It will be paid by me with my charms" Claudi said with a wicked smile.
"Yup he has agreed to rent it out for free to us under two conditions. One that he gets free access to our cam-shows for life and Two he gets to bang her free of charge while we occupy the house." Added Derick.
"I should pimp her out to get my next BMW" I smirked.
"Only Derick gets to pimp me out." Said Claudi with a playful but powerful punch on my stomach.
"Anyways I got to get to work. Derick do you need any help with the equipment before I make a move?"
"Nope. We thought we would do a bit more cam-show in the morning and then both of us can have a good slow and friendly fuck before we head off to see the new house at 3 pm. The house will be back to as it was by the time you get home" Derick assured me as I head out.
-- End of chapter 01 --