Cynthia
I was going to school in this big Midwestern city. Being from a little town in Nebraska it was a bit of a cultural shock. A scholarship and some help from my folks enabled me to pay for all my school expenses. But spending money I had to earn. A note on one of the bulletin boards took me to a motel that needed maid help. It wasn't great work but it paid as much as anything else and the hours were flexible. In spite of the fact that there were more employees than there were jobs in the area they were very understanding of a student's priorities.
I had been working there about two months when this adventure happened. Almost all of the customers were gone during the day and I guess I had gotten careless. We were supposed to knock on the door, wait for a bit before going in to make the bed, replace the towels, empty the trash and give the bathroom a wipe down. You know all the things the motel maid does while you are out doing whatever.
I guess I had gotten careless. I would knock and if no one answered right away I would go in. Carrying a load of clean towels and a bucket of supplies because the first thing I would do was the bathroom. Well you can imagine my surprise when I looked up and there on the bed was a naked man. Well not completely naked. He had his socks on. But what got my attention was he had his penis in his hand.
I knew what a penis was and had a little experience with one. Growing up in a rural area it wasn't uncommon to see a bull or a horse with it hanging out. And my little high school was very liberal considering how conservative the area was. Sex Ed was a required subject. They did separate the girls from the boys for this part of our education but you can picture the conversations at lunch time or after school. The boys told the girls everything and we girls shared what we had been told. Of course this might lead to a little show as well as tell when with a boyfriend. As that's what happened with me and Harold. Along with the showing it certainly did lead to touching. We never had sex. But heavy petting was one of the results. The first few times we experimented it was just looking. The next step was touching, which created masturbation. Harold got very proficient at giving me orgasms with his fingers and tongue. On my part I was quite good at pleasing Harold. I mean I had to reciprocate. If he would bring me to orgasms with his mouth, I had to return the favor, didn't I? The first couple of times I spit out his juice. But after that I decided the taste was kind of pleasant. I have to admit I really enjoyed kissing, getting naked, touching and being touched all over. Oh yes, the tongue in that special place was great also.
So let's go back to my story. Seeing the guy on the bed laying there naked with his penis in his hand I didn't know what to do. And it was hard. It didn't take a genius to realize he was masturbating. Right there in front of me. It was totally my fault, I knocked but without waiting I barged right into the room. I started to say how sorry I was and began to back out of the room. I knew my job at the motel had just disappeared. But before I could escape he told me, "Don't leave. You've seen everything already. You can do your job and I'll do mine."
What could I do? If I didn't do what he said he could report my screw up to the manager and there goes my job. "I'll just start in the bathroom if that's ok?" I went into the bathroom and did what needed to be done. I expected that while I was cleaning the bathroom he would get dressed and disappear. That isn't what happened. Not at all, he was still on the bed and his penis was still in his hand and he was still stoking it. Ever so slowly, up and down.
I remember how Harold would do it. The first time we had gotten naked together he asked if he could do it. He said it hurt so badly and he had to release the pressure. He started out slowly, just like this man was doing. Then Harold would go faster and faster until all of a sudden he would groan and stiffen and boom like a geyser his stuff would shoot out all over. I mean all over. I thought it was fascinating. I mean boom and all over the place.
My memory of Harold had come roaring back and I was suddenly frozen in place. I just stood there watching until the guy told me to come a little closer. And I did until I was right alongside the foot of the bed, standing there watching. "Why don't you sit down? Here right beside me on the side of the bed." I was under his control for some reason. My worries about getting fired were long gone. All I could see was his hand wrapped around that big wonderful cock.
That's when it changed. "You want to touch it?" He took his hand away and I watched as it fell down along his stomach. As I watched it twitched, almost begging me to pick it up. So I did, I picked it up and held it in my hand. It was bigger than Harold's; it was longer and bigger around. My hand just barely would reach all the way around and the head was sticking out way beyond my fingers. Was that a good thing and why was I wondering about that.
"Do it. Move your hand." My new friend told me. He wasn't my friend. He was old. I thought he was at least forty years old. And why was I thinking about how old he was? Then I remembered what he had told me. He wanted me to move my hand. So I let go of him and watched as his cock fell back on his stomach. "Pick it back up, please."
Well he did say please, so I did. Then he told me again, "Move your hand." Only this time he added, "Up and down. Stroke my prick, up and down. You do know how to do it don't you?" So I told him I was no dummy and I knew exactly how to do it. "I've done this before you know."
When he asked if I would show him my breasts, he actually said tits, I told him I wouldn't. He accepted my decision but then asked if he could at least touch them. Seeing as how he was letting me masturbate him at least I could let him do that much. Before I knew it his hand was inside my shirt and rubbing my nipple. Maybe I should start wearing a bra to work? Maybe not, it felt really good. So I decided it was ok if he saw them. He was already touching. Looking wasn't that big a deal. I'm real proud of them so I took my shirt off. They are just the right size and stand up real perky. Harold really enjoying touching and sucking on them and I enjoyed it as much as he did, I think.
When my shirt came off I could feel his erection getting harder if that was possible. His nut sack was bouncing around, so to prevent any damage I held it in my other hand. When he started to breathe real fast I knew what was going to happen next. So I encouraged him, "Go ahead sir, do it. I want to see you squirt out all that white sticky stuff. Do it." Did he ever, his hips lifted off the bed, his head pressed against the pillow and his eyes rolled back so only the whites were showing. I thought it would never stop coming. Gobs and gobs of it, landed all over his chest and stomach. And when he stopped shooting some more was drippling out and running down across my hand and fingers. Being a kind of clean freak I licked my fingers clean. He didn't taste as good as Harold but I still liked it. He must have liked it to because he said, "Oh my God...you're killing me girl."
I got up put my shirt back on and told him I better finish my work before I got fired. As I was leaving he told me he was still going to be here tomorrow. His limp penis was just laying on there his stomach. So I told him as I opened the door, "I'm not working tomorrow and I don't think that old lady Grumpy would be very helpful. And I don't think you should ask her. She might do you harm."
Every month we would have a staff meeting and our manager would tell us what we were doing wrong and how he wanted it done. So it really surprised me at the next meeting when he pulled out a letter from his briefcase. "This is what I'm talking about folks. Listen to this letter one of our satisfied customers wrote."
Dear Manager,
I have to write and tell you of the great service your staff performs. It has always been a pleasure to stay at your fine establishment. But my last visit was even better than any visit before. One of your maids was outstanding. The services she provided were above and beyond the call of duty. I will be making a return visit next month on the 15thand because of the great treatment I received I will be staying over the weekend. Thank you for having such a great team working at your motel.
"Now that's what I'm talking about folks. Please let's continue to offer this type of service in the future. And to the person that impressed this customer let me offer my sincere THANK YOU."
After looking at the calendar for the next month I realized it was a long weekend. So being the kind and generous person that I am I thought maybe I should offer to work all weekend? I really just wanted to let the married maids spend more time with their families.
The End