What do you mean invasion?
Thanks to my editor kenjisato. Also, to LanguageTool. Combined, they put me right. Any problems left all belong to me.
Don't forget to rate the story.
= = = = = = = = = =
We should have paid heed to the warning about traveling to that capital city in South America. But the studio thought it would be okay if we kept to the most civilized spots, like the major hotels. We didn't know that the hotel we were staying at had a drug kingpin as a silent partner.
My global tour took me south of the equator to promote "Space Pussy II: Tourist." My own ability with language meant that I was in great demand to speak to fans in the country. This was the fourth city on our tour. As the film had done some scenes in country, there was a lot of official support. In fact, there was a reception planned for the second evening.
As usual for these things, I dressed up as Captain Kitty Galore in a skimpy outfit. I got there early to meet up with the local rep and some officials. "Hello, Miguel. Whom do I have the honor of meeting today?"
"First is el Presidente José Sanchez. Sir, this is Helen Asher, also known as Captain Kitty Galore."
"Captain, your naughty visit here was most fun. It has also helped our tourism. Please, be welcome here. If there is anything I can do to help your film, don't hesitate to contact my people."
"Thank you sir. Why do I get the feeling you are a fan?"
"Because you are a good observer. But I must admit, it was my son who convinced me to give your studio the permit to film here."
"Then please give our thanks to your son. If he would like to get an autograph, I'd be happy to give him one. You also."
"Next is Consejero Pablo Morales, head of the DEDC's Film Industry Development Program."
"Ms. Asher, I also thank you for your studio's decision to film in our country. Having a number of our people observe your studio's filming has helped us improve our ability to attract more films. I also thank you for your part in helping them settle in and your patience answering their many questions."
"I remember my first days in the industry, and how much I had to learn. Helping your people helps us, as well."
"This is Alcalde Carlos Delgado, who has been so kind in offering his city's best for this event."
"Captain, you are our guest. If anyone gives you trouble, just see me."
"Thank you. I've already seen some of your parks, and the view from my room shows a beautiful city. Your people have shown us plenty of courtesy already. I expect they will continue."
At this point, we went to another group and began to mingle. A few minutes later, as Miguel and I were getting drinks, I asked, "So, did you see all those bodyguards with the president?"
"Huh? I suppose he has a few given the current tensions. But I am sure nothing will happen."
"Maybe. But with the warning the tour got about the area comes to mind. I'm going to skip alcohol tonight, just in case. You might want to stay sober, also."
"But señora, this is a party. We are here to strengthen relations with the officials, and they will expect us to party."
"Don't worry. I can cut loose without the booze." He looked skeptical, so I used my whammy to make him believe. Over the next two hours, the party went well. I had a few dances, and got groped a few times. Three times I 'went' for the 'catnip' ploy. Having expected this, I made sure to stay near places we could duck into or behind so as to not cause too much of a commotion.
In fact, I was sampling some 'catnip' when the commotion started. We were about to round the corner into the main room when the gunfire erupted. I grabbed the guest and pulled him back. Whispering, I said, "Quiet. It's too dangerous to go out there, and if we do, we'll attract bad attention."
He whispered back, "What's going on?"
After shushing him, I got my phone out to call the local police. No dice. I had no signal here. Since reception was a problem here anyway, I had no reason to think I would be able to get through from here. I would need to try on an upper floor, but there was no way to get there now. So instead, I switched on the camera and raised it as high as I could before edging it past the corner. I made a quick sweep of the room before I pulled it back. Playback quickly showed all the exits were occupied by military types. There was no sign of the president, and several of the bodyguards were down while four were firing back.
Again, whispering, "It looks bad. No way out, some bodyguards are down and no sign of the president. Whoever they are, they brought a lot of firepower."
"Can I see?" I showed him. "Shit. El cártel narcotraficante. I don't know what they're calling themselves these days, but they work with Medellín. Major bad news." Still whispering, he drifted off, mumbling about 'us being so dead'.
I grabbed him, and when he turned to me, I looked him in the eyes. "We're not dead yet. Don't give up so quickly. I've survived some tight spots before, so don't lose hope. Now sleep." I hit him hard with my whammy, and he went out like a light. I then arranged him to look like he had fallen asleep after coming. I took my clothes off and placed them with him. I then moved some things around to 'hide' me, and I 'cowered' waiting for them to discover us. I was about to play the part of a porno actress who was afraid of them.
When the commotion settled down, it didn't take long for the drug cartel to sweep the area and find me. "Oh, look what we have here?"
"Don't kill me. Don't kill me. Don't kill me." I continued to babble and repeat this quietly.
"Shuddup. Boss'll want to see you." He grabbed my arm and pulled me up. That got a reaction. His eyes widened. "What? Four? Oh man, we're gonna have fun with you." He pushed me out into the room, calling, "Hey boss, we got lucky!"
"Don't kill me."
"Huh? Who is that?"
"It's the space cat, from the film. You know, the one who has all that sex. And look, she wants some now!"
"Oh! Bring her here." As he brought me to the boss, I kept darting my eyes here and there, apparently looking at the exits. "Don't you worry, kitty-kat. I'm not letting you go anywhere. I like your tail and ears." He then ordered his subordinate, "She stays naked, but she keeps the tail and ears. She'll be a proper kitty-kat."
"Urk. But. But..." What he missed as I was brought out, was that I was assessing the situation. All the bodyguards were dead. Each shot in the head to make sure. President Sanchez was seriously injured; Consejero Morales and Mayor Delgado, less so. They were being patched up, along with some of the invaders. As he looked at me lustfully, I looked him in the eye and hit him with a whammy. I tried to convey the belief that I was a nympho, and harmless, and that my fight scenes were all fake.
I watched as they stripped the obvious valuables before collecting the two politicians and me. I'm glad I took most of mine off and hid them in my purse, which I also hid in the 'pile' I made to hide. Then they took us outside and stuffed us in a transport. With at least a dozen troops in with us, I didn't think we could escape at this time. So I played up my helplessness, and used that super whammy to whisper in the minds of several to take advantage of my nakedness. And into the squad leader's mind, I whispered for him to let his men have fun.
Suddenly, a hand grabbed a lower breast. "Hey, it feels real. What do you think?"
The other lower breast was grabbed. I just whimpered, in apparent fear. "I like this one. Hey lieutenant, let's make room for some fun. The ride'll be awhile, and a little entertainment would be nice."
He appeared to think it over. "Okay. You two stretch her out and hold her. I'll go first to be sure she's not hiding anything."
"No. Don't rape me!" To Inanna, I said, "Can you tire him out while making him think he has a good time?" I felt her ascent. "Thanks. I want them to think I am useless in a fight." I then felt her anticipation of vengeance.
"Oh, we'll do more than that." He then proceeded to do lots of things to me, thinking he was degrading me. Well, as an experienced actress who has done a lot of sex scenes, he was sadly inexperienced. However, I gave all the proper responses for an uptight woman to whom all this was beyond comprehension. Finally, as he came, I gave him the whammy to make him brag about this to his best friends over the next few days.
He got up, pulled his clothes back in order. He pointed to another and said, "Your turn." That one quickly went down on me. The two that held me got last, and when they complained, the lieutenant just said, "You grabbed her first, so you volunteered." He then snickered. Meanwhile, every time someone came in me, or on me, I gave them the whammy to brag. After the fifth, I made my weak efforts to escape into token efforts. By the ninth, I just lay there waiting for whatever they would do. I planted the idea that they broke me in the lieutenant's mind.
Two hours later, we got word we were almost there. The lieutenant ordered everyone back in order and put me back on a seat. I did as I was asked, listlessly, but promptly. I kept my eyes mostly downcast. But what they didn't realize was my height let me see a lot more as I appeared to look down. They took us out of the vehicle and pointed to a rather nice private villa. He sent his men to secure the politicians in the prison cells in the villa's basement, and he brought me to the boss. "Where do you want to keep her? I think we broke her will."
"Oh! So soon?"
"Well, the men decided to have some fun on the way here. She resisted at first, but as one after another took her, her resistance waned. For the last hour, she just lay there doing nothing. No resistance at all." I hit the boss with my whammy to make him believe this.
"Hmm. Well, she won't be hiding anything dressed like that. Take her to the pool. I'll be there in a bit."
He took me to the pool. There were three other women there, all in bathing suits, frolicking in the pool. "Go play with them." He then pushed me into the pool. He either forgot, or didn't care, because my tail shorted out immediately, and I cried out as if it hurt me. As he had pushed me in the shallow end, when I stood my vagina was barely exposed. He called out to them, "Hey, this wet kitty-kat is the boss' new plaything. Make her feel real welcome."
As they came for me, I could see malice in their faces, so I quickly whammied them to 'rape' me and play sexually with my body. While I got the first two, the third attacked before I could get her. We went underwater. I got her a few moments later. While their sex was rough, I slowly gave them the idea that they can't be too rough with the new toy, but the boss might like watching multiple women have sex.
The first three days, I concentrated on cementing their idea that I was a broken woman, and was safe to let wander the house and pool, and anyone that wanted could take me for sex at any time. The next several days, I worked the ones that had sex with me to tell me what was going on. I was careful to do this only when we could not be overheard. After a week of this, I learned that we were being held for ransom, but that it was expected that we would be their 'guests' for at least a month before anything might happen. I also learned the household routine. In my explorations, I occasionally visited the prisoners. While their cells were sturdy, I thought I could bend the thin bars wide enough for escapes.
The third week was the breakthrough. No one bothered to check in on me. I was careful to be missing for only a short time anytime I explored. To explore the barn I saw from the top floor, I had a guard 'escort' me on a sex expedition in the hay. While that happened, I also learned that there was a small airplane kept there for emergencies. I whammied him to 'sleep' while I explored the barn. I then entered the plane and disconnected the start switch wire behind the console. Hopefully, this would be our escape, as I knew how to fly a craft like this well enough to chance things. I also saw a fuel drum, so I knew that wouldn't be an issue. I then carefully erased all trace of my exploration of the airplane before waking my escort with more sex.
The next step was generating an escape. It was too easy to convince a few grunts to give me some explosives and detonators and then forget they did it. My whammy was getting a lot of exercise. I even got someone to teach me how to use the stuff, and forget they did. I decided on using the dining room table as the site for the explosion. The boss usually ate there with three or four of his top people twice a week. I hid the explosives on the underside, placed to take out everyone in the room. Since I was usually next to the boss as a trophy at these meals, I knew he wouldn't suspect me if he found them. The radio controlling the detonation was in the kitchen on a top shelf mounted at the back. You could not see it unless you were as tall as me.
The fourth week, all was set. I gave a silent whammy to the boss that he was thirsty, and that I should fetch him some ice water. He commanded, and I hastily left the room, and he heard a cabinet open. It just wasn't the one for the glasses. I triggered the explosion, and ran out the far door. To the first guard I came to, I said, "They blew up the boss! I think he's dead!" I whammied him to go check. I did this a few more times as I ran towards the prisons. I got there, and it was deserted. I ran to the first cell, "Where's the key? Do you know?"
The mayor replied, "The guard took the keys and left. Go flee, save yourself."
"Sorry, that's not the plan. Let's see if brute force is enough. A little help would be nice." I then raised one foot and placed it on a bar halfway between the crossbars. I then grabbed the next closest bar with both hands. I pushed with my leg and pulled with my arms. These were old cells, with the bars about four inches apart, and the center span was nearly four feet.
"You're never gonna do that."
"Shut up and help." As I waited for him, I repositioned my foot a little higher. When I pulled this time, I swiftly brought my other foot into play just a little lower. "Pull them." I strained, and strained. Suddenly, a bar bent under my foot.
"Impossible!"
"Pull." I continued to pull, but this time he helped. That was enough to get the other bar to also bend. About a minute later, both bars were against the next bar, leaving a foot wide opening. I stood back up, breathing heavily. After a minute, I said, "Climb out." I helped him out. After another minute, I went to the next cell. I had the mayor keep watch. This time, the president helped out immediately. It seems he had kept in shape, or these bars were weaker, as they bent a bit faster. Soon the Consejero was also freed. However, it was painful for him as he was overweight. We had to push and pull him over the course of a few minutes. While we rested, me from exertion and the Consejero from pain, they talked quietly about what happened.
"I arranged a surprise for dinner. I'm pretty sure the boss is dead, and hopefully they are fighting for control rather than looking for us."
"You?" the president said. "They all said you were broken."
"You forget. I am an actress, and a good one. I have the awards to prove it. They believed what I wanted them to believe. We must hurry. We have a plane to catch."
I silenced them, and had them follow me to the barn. I quickly undid my sabotage, and topped off the fuel. "Get in. I'm flying us out of here." As I said this, I opened the barn door wide to allow us to leave. They got in. While I had never flown this model, it was close to what I knew. The language threw me a bit, but once I realized the problem, I was able to compensate. I started the plane, and hurriedly taxied out of the barn and turned into the wind. I gunned it and lifted off quickly, turning away from the villa to get some distance. No one shot at us. "Good, we got away clean."
"They'll be looking for us."
"Not for a bit. They're fighting for control. Until that's settled, we don't have to worry." I then turned north.
"Where are we going? The city is somewhere to the south."
"True, but we are not going there. I saw a map, and there is an airport to the north-northwest. It looks like a good choice for now."
We flew for about half an hour before I turned on the radio and gained altitude. "Mayday, mayday. Unlisted flight heading north. We just escaped the cartel and need directions to the nearest airfield."
"What are you doing on this frequency?"
"I repeat, mayday. The frequency was on the map. I am the actress Helen Asher, with el Presidente José Sanchez, Consejero Pablo Morales, and Alcalde Carlos Delgado. We need directions. I am coming your way now."
They repeated their questions, but followed, "If you trespass, you will be arrested."
"That's fine. Better than being the cartel's prisoners."
They were silent for nearly a minute before giving a course correction. I followed it immediately. When we got near, a US attack helicopter came right for us before escorting us to the field. There we found a lot of rifles pointed at us. We were told to exit, hands up, one at a time and slowly. I told the others to go first, as I would probably distract them too much, and it would be better if they were standing still when that happened.
I was right. So as soon as I was in view, I moved even slower. When I turned around, and they saw four breasts, I think they were convinced I was Helen Asher, which meant the others were likely who I said they were. Half an hour later, I had some borrowed clothes, and we were all being given a light meal even as they interrogated us. Everyone was startled to see me make accurate maps of the villa and surrounding area. They were also amazed at the amount of information I had gathered, not only on those at the villa, but on their operation. The last surprise was when the three told how I busted them from their cages by raw strength. The army captain asked, "How did you manage that?"
"First of all, they were old bars, probably made with inferior steel. Second, the design had nearly a four-foot span between reinforcements. That leaves a lot of leverage. Third, I had help. Fourth, while I play Captain Kitty Galore, I also play Captain Nigkala. The latter role is a very physical part, and requires a lot of strength. My usual workout tops out near eight hundred pounds, one-handed. It wasn't easy, and I may have strained some muscles, but I managed to bend the bars."
Eventually the interrogation was over, and they asked what we wanted. "I just want to get checked out by a good doctor, and rest for a week or so before connecting back up with the studio. I would also appreciate it, if you could call my husband and tell him I am okay." The others wanted to get back to work immediately. As it was, we all got checked out, but it was two of them that had strained muscles, not me. The president wanted to take down what he could of the cartel, and asked for a copy of that portion of my interrogation. I just told him to keep my name out of it and for him to instead claim a turncoat informant gave up the info in return for a new identity elsewhere. I used my whammy to ensure this.
That night, I had a dream. Inanna spoke with me. "Nice work. But more is needed. They have violated my priestess."
"True, but I encouraged it so that I could use them, and use them I did. I agree they are scum, but it was not all on them. So I don't think they should be punished lethally. Something to teach them would be better."
"What would you suggest? Remember, they never asked permission."
"These are men who define themselves by their virility. Perhaps you could reduce that."
"Oo! I like that. Come and join me in the pleasures of the flesh for a bit." Even in the dream, it seemed intense. After a while it ended, and I did not wake until the morning. I could feel Inanna was dying to tell me what she did, but I kept her waiting until I had breakfast.
"You are like a kid in a candy store. Tell me."
She giggled. "True, but the punishment so fits their crime."
"And that punishment is?"
"Well..., I took away their ability to get an erection. They are useless for sex now."
"Woah. That is harsh. But given their behavior, the loss of their sex drive will hurt."
"They didn't lose it. But they can do nothing about it. They'll see someone they want sex with, and no matter what they do, it just won't get stiff. Talk about performance issues." I could sense she was silently laughing. "Nothing will help them."
"Ouch. Well, I don't think we will have to deal with them again. At least I hope so."
I wound up staying nearly a month. It seems this was a secret base against the cartels, and they wanted to be sure I was safe from retribution from the recent crackdown. They were rather annoyed that I found a map with them listed on it. While there, I managed to have sex on a flying attack copter. The base had no women, and thus no facilities for women like separate showers. So I used the men's showers, often getting laid, and everyone just seemed to forget they should have done something to get me some privacy. [It didn't help that I kind of whammied them into it.] When I left, I wore a camouflage bikini I made from scraps. It barely covered me. If I got aroused, my nipples popped out. It was decided that I should be sent to an aircraft carrier returning to the States, and stay aboard while it sailed back to its home base. They estimated that would take about a month. That sounded like I could have some fun.
But that is another story...