I'd noticed my stepson had started eyeing me shortly after I married his father, but I thought nothing of it. Boys will be boys and I had to admit it was a bit flattering to think that I "still had it" despite being significantly older. If he had tried to do something about it that would have been another story. But what was the harm in a few glances here and there?   I had married his father Alan when my stepson Jay had just turned fourteen. I was quite a bit younger than Alan who was 36 at the time. On occasion I had been mistaken for Jay's sister.
Despite our age difference Alan and I had plenty in common. Aside from our sex drives. That hadn't been as much of an issue when we were dating but once we were married I often found myself frustrated. However I resolved to remain faithful to Alan who didn't mind my ever growing collection of toys.
I noticed however as Jay became older he was slowly becoming more distant. He was living with us but spent most of his time with his friend group or various girlfriends. It was fine that he had a social life but I missed the friendly relationship we'd had when he had first come to live with us. Now four years had passed and it was like we were complete strangers.
One night Jay had come home late. I'd noticed because he was loud and slammed the door behind him. I'd always been a light sleeper and he knew this. I assumed he must have been drunk.
I groaned and got out of bed to say something but when I got to the living room he wasn't there. He must have gone to his room and passed out. Something however flashed out of the corner of my eye. It was his phone. He must have set it down and forgotten it when he went to bed. I grabbed it with the intention of sliding it under his door. Then the screen flashed again. Without meaning to I looked at it and saw a text from a girl named Jenna.
"I wanna be fucked by your big fat cock till I squirt and cum. I want my pussy to be wet and numb."
I felt my face flush warm with embarrassment and then looked around but of course no one had seen me. That text made me feel shy but also something else. It lit a fire in me I hadn't felt in quite a while.
I laid down on the couch and stared at the text blankly for a moment, unsure of what to do with myself or my growing feelings. I hadn't had the time to take care of myself in a while yet a dirty text to my stepson had ignited something in me I hadn't felt in quite a while.
I knew I had to see more, and yet if I did there wouldn't be any coming back from this. I sighed and swiped at his phone. Of course it was password locked. I tried his birthday. No luck. Then his father's. Almost on a whim I tried my own. The phone opened.
I wasn't sure what to do with this information but right now I was searching for something else. I opened the text from Jenna. She had clearly sent that text in reply to something he'd sent her. And then I saw it. A video. I inhaled sharply.
The pause screen of the video looked like a man with the camera pointed downward. I had an idea of what it was but I couldn't stop myself from clicking play.
As the video began to play, a man unbuckled his pants in a dimly lit room. I could vaguely see the outline of his penis inside his boxers, and I could hear him breathing. His breath caught as he reached inside the fly and took his dick out.
I couldn't believe what I was seeing. It had to be my stepson's cock. And it looked bigger than I ever could have imagined. His hand temporarily left the frame as he squired something into it. He then brought his hand back to his cock and began to lube it up. I was watching my stepson's dick get hard as he stroked it. I realized there was a growing warmth at my loins as I watched his manhood come to life.
He began stroking it harder and more forcefully and it became huge once fully erect. I could hear a few small moans escape his lips as he masturbated. I was practically drooling at the sight. He continued to pleasure himself until he came powerfully, letting out a loud, satisfied grunt. Cum shot out forcefully and coated his dick.
It was hard to believe I was getting wet at the site of Jay stroking himself for some girl. Before I could control myself my hand slid down my stomach underneath my panties. I could already feel some moisture on the outside. I spread my soft pussy lips and put a finger inside. I was gushing. I continued to finger myself and my clit thinking about my stepson's huge dick inside of my dripping wet pussy.
I was almost jealous that he had wasted all of that cum. I wanted to be pumped full of his sperm. He didn't need to waste it showing off for some girl when he could be spilling it all inside of me!
I came powerfully thinking about being filled with his seed.