As many times as I've been to this place, I was now noticing the pond. I started to relax as I watched the sun rays dance across the waters. I leaned my head back, closed my eyes and wished I hadn't volunteered to pick him up from work.
I settled in the truck, took my shoes off and looked through the books I brought to entertain me but ended up watching people and cars as they left and came.
I don't know how long I was people watching but as soon as I picked my book up, my eyes caught hold of a chocolate brother. He had this walk that commanded your attention. He smiled as he passed by a group of women. I could tell he had a deep dimple and wondered if he had a matching one on the other side.
As he walked towards my truck, I noticed a very pretty woman, switching her way towards us. She gave a little wave at him and he threw up two fingers acknowledging her.
As he came up on the car next to me, he looked over at me with a smile and two deep dimples that followed.
"Hello beautiful." He said to me.
I wanted to look around but that's playing stupid. I opened my mouth, no words. I waved and had a cheesy ass grin on my face.
"Hey, baby." The girl said as she walked into his arms.
They began kissing. I pushed my window button up, to try to give them some privacy but It wouldn't go no further.
"Oh shit." I said to myself as I pushed the button. All I can hear was a motor running.
I looked over and he had her up against the car. They were in their own world, which I had no existence. I turned my back towards them and begin to read.
"I want you...now." I heard her tell him.
There was no response.
I looked over. He was pressed up against her. One leg was propped up and rested on the rear view mirror as he played with her pussy. She was riding his fingers as he sucked her nipple.
I knew I should've turned back to my book but I noticed his hand was moving faster and she was bucking wildly.
I looked down at my book. OMG!! Was he going to? Was she going to let him?
"Don't look, don't look." I said to myself.
I looked.
"Don't stop Daddy, please...". She begged.
I looked around to see if anyone was in the parking lot but it was just us.
I looked at my book and tried to focus but her moaning was breaking my concentration.
"Ooooh, I like that." She said.
He pushed his body on hers and moved.
I could see it all. My mouth was wide open. He said something to her.
"Yesss, give it to me." She moaned. "Pleeeease, I want cum." She begged.
I could feel my clit throbbing...hard. I was uncomfortable watching them. I should turn away. I tried to adjust the way I was sitting and realized my panties were damp.
He was fingering her hard, the harder he went, the louder she got.
"I...I can't take it." She pleaded.
I couldn't take it. My clit was throbbing hard. My panties were no longer damp, they were wet. I looked over and her eyes were closed, her fingers were all over his body. I gasped when I noticed his other hand was around her throat.
WTF! He's going to hurt her. What do I do?
"Cum for me, cum now." He demanded. I'm not sure what happened but she was cumming, it was like... pee. As she was cumming I noticed he was choking her but not like trying to hurt her. She opened her eyes, our eyes met as she cried out.
"Oh, shhhit, don't stop." Her eyes never left mine.
She placed a hand over his and rode his fingers.
They kissed, he sucked her nipples through her bra and finally pulled one out.
I began to move on my seat. Ohhh, this feeling... I wanted to cum. Hard.
She must have known I was turned on because she smiled. I looked away and looked back and she was still staring at me.
"Yess, awwww... fuck me." She screamed as her cum covered his fingers and ran down her chocolates thighs.
They kissed. She took his creamy fingers and stuck them in her mouth and sucked them as she watched me.
I started squirming in my seat. Shit. My panties wet soaked.
I looked around to see if anyone else was paying attention. There was no one. I fumbled around looking for a napkin to soak up the wetness. My clit was swollen and sensitive. I needed and wanted some attention. My nipples were hard, so hard that they almost hurt.
I couldn't believe what I had witness and the affect it had on me. I needed to take my mind off the festivities and tried to get back into my book.
"Hell yeah." I heard him say.
"Don't look." I said out loud.
I looked.
They had now changed positions. She was in the perfect squat position with his perfect chocolate dick in her mouth. I smiled in admiration of her because she was working the hell out of his dick, hadn't lost her balance plus his facial expressions said it all.
I could feel the throbbing of my clit, my pussy had this pressure that needed to be release.
As I adjusted myself in my seat, I'm not sure what I did but it caused this shocking sensation deep in my pussy and my panties were wet, once again and I let out a moan.
"Ooooh." I froze. I slowly looked over to my window and remembered I never rolled it all the up. Dammit!!
I looked back at the lovers getting it in and our eyes locked. I was caught.
I wanted to melt in my seat right there.
He had this grin across his face.
I hurriedly looked away.
I could hear his voice. It was turning me on.
"Take that dick." He demanded her.
I looked away and looked back over and he had threw his head back as she made him disappear in her mouth.
Go girl! She deserved an A for that.
"Fuck." He yelled out, at whatever she was doing to him. He was going to lose it. I was going to lose it.
He looked down at her.
"Play with that pussy for me." He said.
I could see her take her hand off his thigh and reach between her legs and begin pleasuring herself.
I really need to stop watching I told myself. That pressure, that feeling was back and I needed, wanted to explode.
"What the hell?" I said loudly. I snapped out of my fantasy and realized my phone was ringing. I grabbed it, but it had stopped ringing.
I looked over to see if I had interrupted the sexcapade going on next to me. It hadn't.
My clit was calling to be touched.
I looked around. Nothing.
I hiked up my dress and began to rub my pussy through my panties.
I could hear moaning and grunting coming from both of the lovers. Or was it me.
I grabbed my breast and begin to squeeze it. My nipple was so hard. I gently pinched it which caused a flow of cum to escape. I pulled my panties to the side and gave my clit the attention it so badly deserved. I put my fingers on my sensitive nub and began to massage it.
I looked over and he had two handful of her hair and he was fucking her mouth. He was giving her the business. I closed my eyes and imagined it was me. My fingers started moving feverishly over my clit.
A sound escaped from my lips.
I looked over and he was staring at me.
I stopped pleasuring myself and pretended I was singing and dancing to a song.
He looked down at her and back at me and continued to fuck her mouth. I felt like he was sending a message.
"Shhhhhiiit." He yelled as he came in her mouth.
OMG!! My panties were drenched in cum. He kept his eyes on me as he asked her,
"You want all that nut."
I heard myself answer...loudly.
"Yes, I want it."
My thoughts were interrupted by my cell phone ringing.
I pushed the connect button.
"Hello."
"What's wrong with you?" He asked me.
"What do you mean?" What is he talking about.
He laughed. "You sound out of breath."
Shit. Did he know? Could he see?
"No... its hot in here, even with the windows down." I quickly came up with a excuse.
"I'm sorry. I have about 15-20 mins left. You can come in my office if you want." He offered.
I was about to say yes, and I felt how wet my panties and pussy was.
"I'll be ok. I'll walk over to the pond and read." I said.
"K, see you in a few." He hung up.
I looked over to see that the lovers were gone.
I couldn't wait to tell my girlfriend what I saw. I know her freaky self would curse me because I hadn't filmed it.
I opened the door and stepped down. My legs were stiff, my pussy and panties were wet. As I stood up cum was trickling down my thighs. I looked around. No one walking by. Didn't see any cameras. I made a quick decision to take my panties off. I looked again. All clear.
I hadn't heard him come up. I could feel his hardness on my ass. His hand grabbed my breasts and began squeezing and playing with my hard nipple. His other hand slowly moved to my throat and added light pressure.
"Did you like what you seen?" He asked me.
I nodded.
I could feel the breeze hit my nipple.
He licked my ear, his breathing was turning me on. The whole situation was turning me on.
"Did you cum?" He asked.
He added pressure to my neck. I could still breathe but I was nervous, kind of scared.
I didn't say anything.
He let go of my breasts and made his way to my wet pussy. He put his leg in between mine and bent me over, never letting my neck go.
I could feel two fingers enter me. In and out. In and out. He pulled my juices out.
"Looks like cum to me."
"Open your mouth."
WTF. I thought to myself.
"Open your fucking mouth, now." He demanded in my ear.
I opened my mouth and he entered his creamy fingers.
"Suck."
I began to suck. I tasted sweet.
I could feel his manhood at the entrance of my wet pussy.
Inch by inch he entered me.
"Damn... this pussy is tight."
He began fucking me slow and quickly picked up speed.
He pulled my hair. His hand never left my throat.
He was working my pussy. I didn't want it to stop.
What's that noise? No... I want to cum.
"Don't stop." I begged.
What's that noise?
I opened my eyes and looked at the direction of the noise.
Oh shit. I thought to myself.
It was him knocking on my window. He had this grin.
Dammit.
"Yes?" I said.
He motioned for me to come out.
I was scared to move but I opened the door and stepped down.
He took a step towards me backing me into the truck. He leaned into my ear.
"Did you cum?"