Edited by Notemale.
After I received 2 outfits from my secret sender, I was eagerly waiting for my third surprise. Meanwhile I was getting more daring at home after my hubby gave me a green light not to wear a bra nor panties. One of our favorite get together times has been me telling him what I wore and how man got to see my breasts and pussy. I have to admit many were fictitious, but my hubby loved to hear it. He always became very hard after listening to my story and we fucked like rabbits.
One afternoon before I went out to the mall the bell rang again. The same box appeared and I was so excited I even started removing my cloths at the guest room instead of rushing back to my bedroom first.
It was a mini denim pinafore dress and the back was rather bare. The pinafore was matched with a small body hugging, round neck, white shirt. Nothing else. The tight white shirt was short and ended just below my belly button. I put on the pinafore and found that the front panel covered only half of my chest and also exposed part of my hips from the side.
But there was another item that stirred my imagination, a straw sun hat Does it means that the sender wants me to go outdoor with his outfit? The outfit was pretty modest and with the white shirt inside, I could wear it to the mall safely. So I decided to wear it to the mall, if that was what the sender wanted. I wore my white G string panties. I love the idea that everyone could see the thin white string that wrapped around my hips indicating the type of panties I am wearing.
The mall was quiet as it was a weekday, just after a school holiday. But still a few people did take extra stares at me. It was fun! I aimlessly strolled around and later I went to a café and enjoyed a cup of coffee. The café was at the middle of the mall on an elevated platform above a pool with a small fountain.
I sat on the bar table that was located at the edge of the platform next to the pool. There was nothing separating the platform and the pool. Sitting at the high chair on the elevated platform made me feel like center of attention.
As I was slowly enjoying my coffee I received a photo from CY, the young man who lives opposite me. A photo that looked like it was taken in a mall.
Me: What?
Soon another photo came.
Me: Sent to wrong person?
CY: Look closer 😈
I took a more detailed look and I found myself in the photo wearing a pinafore. It was photo of me in the mall when I was doing the window shopping just s few minutes ago.
Me: Hey u around here?
CY: Yes...
Me: Where u?
CY: Around u...
Me: U stalking me? Hehe...
No reply but a while later another photo came. A photo of me sitting on the high chair at the cafe.
I quickly scan around to search for CY.
Me: Where u? Come out...
CY: Nice outfit. I like.
Me: Come out. I belanja coffee.
Then another photo came. This time was zoomed much closer, focusing on my body. I could see some curve of my side boob wrapped in my tight white shirt.
Is CY the secret sender? My heart beat faster after the thought.
Me: Stop stalking me! I report u n u die... haha...
CY: U wearing underwear, babe?
We were often sexting after the nude basketball event and it was common that he asked me about what am I wearing. Sometime I bluffed and sometime I told him the truth.
Me: Yes. G String...
CY: U know what u should be wearing... nothing...
Me: No way
CY: yes way...and why not. ppl can still see everything at the end 😏
me: No... and pls come out...
CY: Nahhh.. why dont we play a game. 😋
Me: Game? In mall here?
CY : Yeap! . im sure you'll like 😝
Me: What game?
CY: remove ur panty
me: What? 😠
CY: Yeap... U dont need any panty. So not u lah. 😏
Although I reply with angry face the idea did aroused me. I wanted to remove my panties as soon I entered the mall.
me: No way...😰
CY: Pls michelle... make my day pls...😍 Make every man in the mall happy pls.
me: Noooooo...😐
My pussy became moist imagining that everyone can look down at my hips and can't find any trace of my underwear.
me : OK... u hv to pay for my meal then...hehe
CY: 😎
me: Let me finish coffee first.
CY: No... remove it now n put it on top of the table 👍
me: 😲What! U pervert 😠. Crazy? That's a man sitting just opposite me n few more around me.
CY : Thats y u should remove your panty 😈
me: NOOOOOOOOO
CY: Come on... been awhile not seeing u show off... pls.
Although the idea of putting my panties on top of the table was embarrassing but it was very arousing at the same time. Especially the G string was one of the tiniest of my collection.
me: No photo when I remove my panty. Promise?
CY : Sure 👍
I scanned my surrounding, other than the man sitting opposite me, there was another young couple sitting on sofa behind me. There rest of the cafe customers were away from me.
I began to reach my G string via the side of the pinafore. Pulling the string down was not easy as the string was elastic and not much space to maneuver underneath the dress. But slowly I managed to pull both side of the string down passed my hips. The string was surrounding my lower body and in between my bottom and the chair.
In order to pull the string off I have to reach my hand into my dress from the hem and at the same time lift up my bottom allowing the string to pass. That would be big and obvious actions.
CY: Go on...
I took another look around and quickly I reached underneath the left side of my dress, slightly lifted my bottom and pulled the string down to my thigh. The string slid over my bum and was released. Left side done and now only the right side!
I quickly repeat the same action on my right side. But as soon as the string slid passed my bum and before I could pull my right hand out of my dress, a man came and sat of the high chair beside me!
I was mortified when I looked up and met him eyes to eyes.
"Hi... hi..."
He was wearing his sweetest smile and he looked down at my lower body where my hand was still sneaking inside my dress.
"Ummm... excuse me... I'm... err..." I was trying to explain but lost my words.
"Never mind... carry on please..."
"Ummm... so embarrassing..." My face turned full blush and my heart pumped like wild horse.
He continued to take out his mobile phone and was reading something.
I slowly pulled out my hand and my face continued to experience a hot flash because of this embarrassing situation.
Now my string panty was stuck at my thigh. I just need another pull from the hem of my dress to end my embarrassment.
CY: Go on... u doing great 👍
I gathered my courage and in one swift action I grasped my panties and pulled it out. The panty stopped and rested at end my thighs around my knees.
The sudden contact of my moist pussy to denim fabric sent a thrill throughout my body. My nipples stiffen.
The man beside me noticed my action and watching me from the corner of his eye.
Shit! I still need to free it from my legs! Not a difficult job but certainly not a decent job to do in the middle of a mall!
I quickly leaned down and pulled the panties down my ankle and released it from my leg. I could feel my fist throbbing with my tiny panties firmly grasped inside.
Done! But my arm was frozen. Must I put it on top of the table? Why would a lady like me want put my panties on top of the table with 2 men sitting around?
But then the pervert in me was extremely excited about showing off my panties to them. I want to show them how tiny my panties were; I want to show them I am that kind of slut wearing such tiny panties to the mall and then take it off; I want to show them the moist cotton patch that was buried inside my pussy crack just now; I want them to know that I am now without my underwear!
I was very anxious but at same time extremely aroused. My pussy was soaked with my love juice.
I did not know how long I hesitated but I finally I lifted my hand and put my tiny string panties on top of the table. The tiny panties uncurled and rested naturally on the tap for everyone to see.
My face turned full blush again.
The man opposite me saw my action. He took a quick glance and his eyes popped out in surprise. Then he pretended like nothing. But I noticed him kept peeping at my panties and then me.
The man on my right turned to look at my panties too. "That's a sexy pair of panties!" He whispered to me.
"Thank you." I softly replied with a sheepish grin.
CY: Great job 👍👍👍 now prove it.
I took a photo of my panties and sent back to CY.
CY: Not like tis
me: How?
Then a photo came, a young girl sitting on a bench in the mall with her legs spread and raised high up in the air. Her clean shaven sex fully opened and completely on display.
I quickly pressed home button to exit from the photo view.
me: Crazy!
CY: Do it. I know u love to do it.
I could not help myself and clicked open the image again. The girl in the photo was smiling innocently, her pink pussy was swollen, glistening and obviously wet! But showing off my own excited pussy in the mall?
My heart was pumping very hard and fast, my body on fire and my pussy was flooded. I knew it was Indecent, but the idea was just too tempting!
I get down from the high chair and I whispered to the man, "You can keep my panties." Then I walked out from the cafe and sat on the side of the fountain.
Soon CY came and he sat on the garden chair opposite me across the walk way. We smiled to each other. Then he took out his mobile phone pretend to be reading. But I saw his eyes were peeping at me.
I spread my knees and let him peep up my skirt.
He shook his head indicating a NO.
Then I straighten my ankles to raise up my knee hoping to give him more view into my crotch.
He still shook his head indicating a NO.
My heart was pumping fast and my pussy began to leak.
Then he sent me another photo. The same girl with her raised legs spreading wide, was pulling her pussy lips to reveal her love hole. Her swollen clit was visible and her inner lips were completely exposed. Even the beginning of her love tunnel was visible.
CY: Do it... NOW
I was extremely excited by his tease and the explicit shameless show off by the girl in the photo. My urge to exhibit my sex grew unbearable!
I scanned around and found nobody. I moved my bottom to the front and leaned my body backward. My right hand reached behind my buttock to support my body. Then I raised and spread my both legs. My pussy immediate exposed. My left hand went below my thigh and reached my aroused sex. My pussy lips was so wet and slippery!
My fingers pulled my lips aside to reveal my love tunnel just like the nude model did. I did not know how much I was showing but I saw CY gave me a thumbs up sign. I told myself that was enough of showing off but my fingers defied my mind and reached deeper into my wet love opening! I began to finger my love hole and my swollen clit involuntarily. I wanted to stop but my heart refused!
There was a couple walking towards me now and I could not stop. Gosh! I was masturbating in the mall with CY watching intensely. After a few seconds the couple saw me and my orgasm immediately rolled in and I cum right in the middle of the shopping mall!
Soon as my orgasm over I stood up and rushed away in total embarrassment. I ran to the nearest washroom and hid inside a toilet.
Cy: where u?
Me: washroom... fuck... u made me do crazy thing!!
My hands were shaking in excitement.
CY: u did so well u so sexy.
Me: shit!
Cy: BTW don't be angry I will keep it a secret. Promise.
Then he sent me a video clip.
I was shocked as it was the recording of me showing off my sex to him. I was too excited and never thought he was actually recording me. I thought he was just using his phone as disguise!
I watched the clip in total disbelief; I saw the lust all over my face; I saw myself revealing my most private parts to CY in the middle of the mall; I saw my wet puffy pussy wide opened and my fingers playing intensely with my aroused sex; I saw my eyes shut as I bit my lips in excitement when I cum!
The excitement came back to me while watching myself, I unclipped my pinafore and striped off the tight white shirt and started playing with my still erect nipples while I kept replaying the clip. My nipples grew even bigger and harder.
The more I played with myself the more I wanted to expose myself again. I wanted to go out again so badly with no bra and no panties! I clipped my pinafore back on and walked out from the toilet leaving my shirt behind. I checked myself in the mirror.
The pinafore only covered half of my breast and the swell of my upper chest was obvious. Although I wanted to so much to expose myself I did not want to get into trouble with the security guard. So I adjusted the pinafore higher to cover more of my breasts. Then I walked out from the washroom.
A few shops passed and I immediately realized that I have underestimated the level of my exposure. The tight white shirt that I wore earlier gave me a fault sense of decency, now without my tight shirt, my breasts swayed and bounced freely and kept sneaking out from the side when I walk. And the reflection from the shops mirror told me that the front panel did not cover my side boob at all! And the dress rose even higher up after I adjusted it up to cover more of my breasts.
But all this only added to my excitement!
Soon CY found me and followed me along in the mall. I walked aimlessly as my focus was more towards my own self; the sensations of my dress caressing my body and the constant stimulations of exposing myself. CY continued using his phone to capture my exposure either by photo or video and sending them to my phone. I did not object to his wicked attempts because I was enjoying myself.
Then he pulled me into a quiet corridor.
"Don't move."
"What?"
He adjusted the suspenders and made the dress hanging even higher up my chest.
"NOOOO... Too short already! NOOO." I pulled the hem down and found that the dress was just enough to cover my crotch leaving my legs complete bare. I checked my back and found that the hem was ended right at my butt crease! My aroused sex was at edge of exposure!
"NOOO... People can see me any time!"
"You are just fine. Trust me." He turned my shoulders and pushed me out to the mall again.
"All rite CY, when I say stop, we stop. OK?"
"Fine, OK. You say stop, we stop."
"Thanks CY." Silly me to thank him as he was obviously taking advantage on me.
"Escalator, go." CY pointed to the escalator.
I have seen many woman upskirts voyeur clips captured at the escalator and also nude models exposing their bottom at the escalator. With my dress now adjusted higher up my chest, anyone behind me will get to view my bottom unobstructed! My heart was pumping extremely fast as I began to step onto the escalator.
"Spread your legs." CY commanded from behind and I spread my legs wider immediately as if I was under his spell.
"Bend." I followed his command like a robot and I bent forward. I knew my pussy will be fully exposed to any one behind me, but I could not resist the temptation nor his command.
Very soon I received his photos and video clip of me giving upskirts flash at the escalator.
CY: luv your ass 😍
Me: 😠
CY: That fat pussy 😍
Me: pervert 😠
Yes, pervert! He was a pervert commanding me to exposure my sex in the mall. But I was scolding myself. I was a pervert too, because I was really enjoying doing it for him!
After walking passed a few shops, we came to an amusement center. The amusement center was rather quiet, well it was noisy with all the music from the games machines, but otherwise quiet, only one couple and a few men inside.
I walked around aimlessly checking out the arcade and video games machine. I saw CY bought some tokens at the counter.
When he came back to me I was standing near an air hockey table. I gave him a mischievous grin and I grasped the striker and pretend to play. CY understood me and he quickly took out his phone and started shooting. I did a few posts pretending to play but mainly to show off my naked bottom and my side boob.
"Wait." He put in some token and get the puck out and put onto the table.
"Now continue."
"Just me playing?"
"Yes. I am sure you know how."
I started hitting the puck and soon the rapid puck movements forced me into real action.
"Hi, can you guys help me?" CY spoke to the 2 men who just walked past the air hockey table.
"Hi. How may I help?" They looked at CY and myself.
"We are having a photography session... can you be Michelle's opponent? She needs an opponent. Otherwise she cannot play." They took a more detailed look at me and answered "Sure."
The game resumed and I was playing again, this time with an opponent. CY resumed his shooting. Soon the 2 young men realized what was happening because CY was often video recording way below the hem of my dress and my exposed side boobs. The other young man not playing came to our side and watched me closer.
My exposed side boobs were dangling and bouncing and swaying vigorously because I have to lean forward and move fast in the game. My ass was partly exposed too. Soon one old man and the couple also walked nearer to us and checking me out too. I was getting embarrassed because everyone was watching me but I kept playing.
Eventually the game ended and they reluctantly left us.
"You are fucking hot!"
"Shut up!" Although I scolded CY but actually I felt so sexy.
We continued to look for new games until we came to the bike racing game machine. We exchanged smiles and I approached one of the bike machine with my heart racing fast.
"Good idea... you should ride this!"
"Pervert! I know what you are thinking..."
"Don't tell me you are not thinking what I am thinking." CY challenged me.
I scanned the surrounding and found that we were at a hidden corner and no one nearby.
I walked up the platform and holding one of the bike handle bar and I looked back at CY. I have seen a few nude series on the bike so I had some posts in mind. I leaned my butt on the bike and holding the handlebar with one hand and CY immediately started taking photo of me.
I knew my pussy was on show because CY had adjusted the dress too high.
"Fantastic! ... Beautiful!" CY kept praising me while taking photo of me.
"Great! Now climb onto the bike and show you ass."
I climbed over and sat on the cold bike. I leaned forward to reach the handlebar and my dress rose up and revealed my stretched bottom.
"Opppsss..." I looked back at CY and gave him a naughty surprise expression while I used my hand to pull the hem down as if to cover my exposed pussy.
"Fuck! Michelle... that was good!"
"But you actually blocking your pussy... Michelle, move your hand to the right a bit so I can see your pussy."
"Like this?"
"Fuck yes! So hot!"
"Now pull you dress up and show me more, show me everything... I wanna see you asshole as well." His commands aroused me even more.
"Like this?"
"More..."
"Enough?"
"Yes! Now give me the same surprise look."
"Oh my GOD!"
"Don't move... I wanna shoot some side boobs."
"Great! Fantastic!"
Suddenly a man came to our area and I quickly came down from the bike.
"I think that's enough." I was panicked.
"Enough? NO YET."
"Too dangerous... see... people is around."
However the man soon left our area and we were alone again.
"Michelle... today is the day... one last... total nude."
"Total nude! You ARE CRAZY!"
"Yes, look at this girl again. Do you think she was just showing off her breasts and pussy only?" CY showed me the photo gallery in his phone.
"See, she removed her clothes, completely." He scrolled down the gallery and soon photos of her in total nudity appeared, Every pose of her displayed her sex completely!
"CY, she is a porn star! I am just..." I tried to reason out the situation, but my body was responding positively to the pictures. I was on fire again!
A couple came into our area, they scanned us and soon left us probably sensing something weird about us.
"NO, Michelle, not a porn star, she is a nude model. Most importantly she is an exhibitionist, like you. Look at her pussy, all wet, her nipples are stiff, she was excited by showing her naked body to strangers around her." CY reached down to my crotch and found my wet pussy.
"See, you are all wet!"
"CY, please... I am not exhibitionist..."
"Yes, you are, every night you leave your curtain opened. You want your neighbor to watch you sleep in your sexy nightie. Don't you?" CY continued to finger my wet lips and swollen clit.
"No, the mesh is closed, my neighbor can't see me."
"Don't deny, you know the mesh is see through at night, specially when you leave your sleep light on."
"I..." I was busted and could not answer him.
"And I know when your husband is away for work, you even leave the mesh opened as well, like last night, you left every thing opened and you slept naked."
"CY, how do you know!"
"I watch you every night Michelle."
"No... CY, I am..." But CY has pointed out the obvious that recently I have been leaving my curtain opened every night hoping my neighbor would watch me, specially CY who just live opposite me.
"Yes Michelle... look at you today, you have beautifully shown off even the most private parts to me and to others... now you just go the final step to drop your dress, of which you don't need to hang on to really."
"This is a mall! CY." I was breathing heavily because the very idea of total nudity was making me very horny and at the same time extreme anxious. He was right in some way, I had exposed everything of me, now is just to drop my dress and be totally naked.
"Look... you need to drop everything and be totally naked to really enjoy your true self."
"No CY... no please."
"Come on Michelle... drop you dress and liberate your true self. Show me how wet your pussy is."
CY did not wait for my consent. He reached to the suspender... I leaned backward to avoid him. But there were not much that I can lean backward.
"NO! NO! Please NO!" My chest rise and fall following my heavy breathing. So did my breasts rising and falling underneath my pinafore front panel, like 2 wild horses waiting to escape from the flimsy stable.
CY unbuttoned the suspender anyway. The suspender dropped helplessly to my back and CY let go of the front panel. I immediate caught it from falling down, still holding my ground.
"NO... please." I begged him. My heart pumped fast and heavy. I wanted to resist because this is really not the place. But it's exactly where I wanted to be naked.
CY removed my hands and let the front panel dropped down to crotch.
My nipples harden like bullets in that split second of exposure! A low moan escaped from my repressed throat!
"Look at your delicious nipples... no wonder Tim is still talking about your nipples... so sleazy... so inviting." CY lightly caressed my breasts and pinched my nipples.
"Ummm... uhhhhh..."
"CY no."
"Look at them, they never born to be kept constrained under your cloth... they were meant to be free... to be naked."
"Now let go of your dress."
I wanted to protest, but my voice died at my throat and I turned powerless. CY pulled my body away from the bike and my dress dropped freely to the ground.
My body went naked completely. His fingers traced down my midriff until they touched my crotch and found my swollen clit again.
"Look at you... you were born to be sexual... you are born to be naked... you are born to make man happy..." His fingers caressed my swollen clit.
"Gosh! Where did you learn to speak like this? Stop teasing me... please."
I heard a noise and I turned my head to check if anyone is coming near. CY turned my face back to him and I did not know if really someone coming to our area.
"Michelle from now on you don't worry who is around or who is watching you... you don't care... let them. Because you want them to watch your naked body. OK?"
I realized that CY may likely the man sending me those outfits. The mystery man that I have been secretly flirting in my mind while wearing those skimpy outfit was finally standing right in front of me?
By wearing his dress today, does it means I need to listen to him?
"But this is an amusement center, people all around!" A tiny bit of sense was still in me.
"Ok. If we really have to, we will hide inside that games theater." He pointed to a Transformer games theater just 10 steps away. The games theater was mostly concealed and fitted with dark windows and the entrance was secured by cloth curtain.
I mechanically nodded my head in agreement.
"Now turn around and show me your firm ass."
I turned my back to CY and holding the oil tank and the tail of the bike for support. CY immediate started taking photo of my back.
I noticed nobody was around us.
"Higher... Push your ass higher like you really want to show me your cunt and asshole... spread your legs too..."
I did as CY commanded.
"Higher! Like you are inviting me to fuck your holes!"
Instead of feeling insulted by his dirty talks, his derogatory language actually fueled my desire. I straighten my ankles and my legs and I tilted my buttock all the way to the back and up into the air. My chest thrust forward to maximize the effect.
"Great! Perfect!" CY continued to take photo of my naked back.
"Hold still." He came to the front and taking frontal photo of my naked body.
"Now squeeze your tits with your arms."
"Great! Look at those tits! I want to suck them so bad! Now swing your tits left and right..."
His verbal teasing continued to fuel my urge to expose myself! I followed his command and turned my chest left and right causing my breasts to swing side ways. I felt extremely sexy as I shamelessly flirting for the phone camera.
"Sir... Please fuck my ass..." I did not know what happened inside me, I was suddenly spell bound and dirty words escaped from my mouth and my hands went behind and pulled my ass cheeks aside to completely reveal my bottom; my pussy, my anus and the tender perineum in between.
"Fuck! Hold on... hold on... again, do it again... look at the phone and do it again." He pointed his phone at my face and started recording.
"Sir, can you please take a look at my cunt and my asshole... Sir, I really need you to fuck my cunt and my asshole..." My face turned full flash while I was dirty talking to the phone camera.
"Holy fuck!!"
CY kept recording from my face down to my breasts then turned to my back and did a close up at my stretched ass...
"Pull harder... pull harder... I want to see deep inside you pussy and asshole."
"Umm... harder... like this?" I recaptured my ass cheeks and pulled even harder to reveal every details of my ass. My sphincter muscle involuntarily contracting to fight the pull.
"Relax... relax and let your asshole open up..."
"No I can't... I can't..." Suddenly CY held my ass cheeks and pull them apart, stretching my anus wide opened.
"NO... you are hurting me!"
"Ahhhh... NOOO... ahhhh... FUCK... so good... NO CY... ummmmm... so good!" CY's hot wet tongue made sudden contact with my wet swollen pussy, then he licked all the way from my pussy up to my vulnerable anal opening!
"CY... I say those thing just for the video... Not really asking you to... ummmm... huhhhh... please NOT HERE... NOT NOW!" I begged him but the sensations of his wet tongue poking and licking my stretched anus was just too good to resist. I was totally lost in ecstasy.
This was the first time someone licked my asshole in public! In fact this was the first time a man really licked into my asshole!
"Enough... please... enough...!" Eventually the noise brought me back to reality.
CY finally let go of my naked bottom and resumed his job. His erect cock formed a tent at his crotch.
"Michelle, I don't know how much longer I can hold."
"Come here... one leg on the floor and one leg up here." He pointed at the oil tank and the tail of the motorbike indicating where should I sit and place my leg.
I sat on the oil tank and lifted my leg onto the tail. My swollen wet pussy immediately spread opened.
"Fuck Yes!"
"One hand on your tit and one hand at your cunt."
I was spell bounced, squeezing my breast with one hand and stroking my wet pussy with another, while CY kept taking photo of me. I even fingered my wet hole for the phone camera. I have turned into an exhibitionist slut in front of the phone camera, shamelessly showing every details of my aroused sex!
But soon I heard noise of people approaching fast so we quickly hid inside the games theater as planned.
"My dress." I asked for my dress but CY threw my dress out of the games theater instead. I was left completely naked without a string.
"What!"
"I said we hide inside here, but I never say you can put on you dress here."
"CY... people are coming here!"
"Calm down... we are safe in here. Let's play game." CY deposited tokens and activated the game.
I heard people talking just outside of our game theater, I heard people starting their car racing game. My heart pumped extremely fast as I was totally naked inside the games theater just few feet away, separated by just a small curtain.
"Michelle, come."
"Play game... now!?"
I was panic but can't help noticing myself gliding my wet slippery pussy onto the cold plastic seat for gratification. I was still extremely excited in this dangerous situation!
"I have no more token... you play I watch..." CY held my arm and pulled me closer to him.
"Come. You play." CY did not move away from the player 1 place. He tapped his lap indicating me to sit on his lap instead. I knew his intention was to fuck me while I play the game, but I was too horny to resist him.
I held the games shooter and I lifted myself over to CY's lap. He swiftly unzipped his pants and my bare bottom landed right on top of his erect cock.
"No CY... not here..." I lifted my bottom up to avoid his erection. He immediately pushed up and ground his erect cock along my slippery bottom and did not border to reply me.
Soon his cock found my wet opening. I was frozen as his stiff shaft slowly penetrating deeper inside me. I didn't expect to end up having sex here!
"You are born to make man happy..." His words suddenly came to my mind.
"Am I born to make man happy?... Am I born to make man happy?" I asked myself repeatedly as CY started to fill my love hole.
What "born to make man happy" really means?
But I have been doing things that made man happy, I have been wearing skimpy clothing for men viewing pleasure, I let CY and his friend, Tim fucked me in my own house, I seduced 3 foreign workers by wearing dress that way too short and let them used me at my own backyard!
"Yes... I am born to make man happy... Yes... I want to make man happy..." I was mumbling to myself as CY continued to pump my horny slippery pussy.
"I am born to make man happy!" I don't know what exactly it means and the implication of such thinking. But it was too much to think at this moment.
"Michelle, sit down... sit down." CY began to pant.
I slowly lower my bottom onto CY and starting to ride his cock, in what people called reverse cowgirl style, starting to receive his thrusts by bouncing my bottom heavily back onto his offensive cock. He also squeezed my bouncing breasts, pulled and pinched my erect nipples alternatively.
"Ummm... huhhhh... ummm...", "fuck... Michelle... so gooood... so fucking goood...", "Huhhhhh... Ummmmmm..."
"Show me your ass hole Michelle..." He slapped my buttock while giving me his command.
I leaned forward onto the game shooter to reveal my ass hole while continued to grind my pussy on top of his crotch while his cock was still completely stuffed inside me.
"Sir... Can see my asshole now?" I kept grinding his crotch for pleasure while presenting my anus to CY.
He lubed his finger using my juice then he poke his fingertip slowly into my asshole.
"Oh no... ummm...", "oh yes..." "Uhhhh..." He continued to play with my anus while I kept grinding his crotch.
Our moans filled the noisy games theater.
"Michelle... I wanna cum inside you."
CY lifted my feet up from the floor and placed them onto of his thighs. My whole body weight was totally sitting on his crotch and my pussy engulfed his cock completely. I have never felt so filed before!
"Ummmmm... oh fuck... so deep... yessss..."
He resumed bouncing my bottom up and down with his lap. My helpless wet slippery bottom sunk down to the base of his hard cock again and again.
"I wanted to fuck you again for so long... Michelle... huhhhh... you are totally mine today..."
"I want you to be my bitch... my slut... fuck... my whore..."
"Oh... yes... I am your whore... your slut... ummmm...", "Yes, I am born to make man happy... make you happy...".
"Fuckkkkk...fuck fuck!"
I kept bouncing onto his erect cock and he kept thrusting his cock deep inside me for pleasure.
"Yessss... fuck me... yes..."
"Fuck... I am cumming!"
We moaned like animals under the cover of the games music until I cum on his cock and he released his cum load inside me almost at the same time. I continued to rock his cock while his cum filled my entire love tunnel.
We eventually stopped I came down from his lap and he pulled my hair and made me cleanse his cock coated with his cum and my love juice.
"Look at me while you clean my cum..." I obediently looked up to him and let him watch how I licked him cock clean.
"Don't clean your cunt before you reach home. I want everyone to see cum leaking down your legs... understand?"
"Yes Sir... I understand."
Later, I walked out from the amusement center feeling so sexy with his watery cum slowly flowing down along my inner thigh and my face stained with his cum and my own love juice.
It was an extraordinary day for the exhibitionist me.