As we were sitting watching TV one night, out of nowhere Angie says, "David, don't take this the wrong way but I'd like to try swinging."
Half listening I said "Swinging what?"
"You know, like couples swapping partners."
"For sex?," I asked incredulously. "Of course, for sex," she said, "Do you think I'm talking about trading baseball cards?"
Knowing that Angie's sarcasm meant I'd better pay attention I shut off the television and turned to her. "Angie, you can't be serious. Please tell me you're kidding."
"Not kidding. I just want to try it and see what it's like, something to break up the routine."
First the strip club job and now she wanted to have sex with another couple and I'm silently freaking out with where her head was going so I'd have to talk her out of it. Of course, that would be like talking a speeding train into stopping.
"Angie, when you say you 'just want to try it' you make it sound like you're trying on different clothes. This is having sex with other people outside our marriage. It's weird enough that you go to that club every day and have random men drooling and whatever else all over you and now this. When does it end?"
"I don't know," she said, "I'm finding that out. I'm realizing I'm a very sexualized person and I'm exploring that."
"But now you're asking a really difficult thing of me because I have trouble with the idea of another man screwing my wife and on top of that you're alright with me screwing another woman?!"
"It's not about love," she said, "its just about sex. I love you."
"Sounds to me like you love sex."
"Yes!!!," she said loudly, "I'm finding out that I love different kinds of sex...maybe more than I realized. I want to find out how that fits in my life...in our lives!"
I just got up from the sofa and left the room. I didn't know where to but I needed air and to get it I'd just have to leave the room. I sat at the kitchen table for awhile thinking this all through. It felt like I wasn't married anymore and just having that thought scared me. My choice was to either participate or take the risk of losing her altogether. Or maybe I couldn't be a part of this at all.
We didn't talk anymore that night and in the morning she didn't bring it back up but I knew it was not because she was suddenly disinterested but because she was waiting for me to work it out. No, there was no question that she wanted to do this. Angie never said much she didn't mean. At least she had the guts to put it out there, I'd give her that.
I barely got a speck of work done all day and I thought of nothing else but her having sex with another man and, to boot, with me there. I was jealous of the thought. I wasn't even thinking of the fact that I'd be doing another woman. I had all I needed in Angie so why would I need to find gratification with another woman?
When I got home that evening she was cautiously ready to jump back into the conversation.
"So, what do you think?," she asked.
I hardly got my coat off and said, "Yes"
"Yes you'll do it?"
"Yes," I repeated, "but, Angie, this has to be the end of this stuff. It's not the way I want things to go in our marriage and I'm only doing it because I'm afraid if I don't I'll lose you forever. I'm even afraid that I'll lose you forever if I do go through with it."
"You'll like her"
"Like who?," I asked.
"Star. You know, you met her at the club during amateur night. She and her husband, Jeff, are swingers and I thought they'd be perfect. Her real name is Sandra."
I wasn't placing her right away but then remembered she was one of the girls who came by that asked me if I wanted some company. Tall, blonde, creamy skin color, gorgeous girl.
"Ya, I remember her," I said.
"Oh you do?," Angie said trying to tease me, "I thought you only had eyes for me?"
"You know what I mean. It's not like she was so awful that I had to look away. Besides, she was coming on to me while you were getting ready to go on. I told her I was with you and she moved along."
"But she got your attention?"
"Well, ya, in the sense that she was a beautiful woman, but..."
"But what? You were attracted to her but because of me you didn't invite her to sit with you? You could have taken her for a couple dances. What if I had encouraged you? What if I had said, 'She's hotter than shit...hell, I'd do her.' Wouldn't you, in your heart of hearts, want to do her?"
"You're twisting my sensibilities as a card carrying male into something that suits your needs. Look, I said I'd do this with you. Stop trying to psych-bust me because I think our marriage is more important."
"Sorry," she said, "I just wanted you to admit that sex crossed your mind when you saw her. Admit that given the right opportunity you would have loved to take her for a ride."
"Yes, a million times, yes. I admit it. That doesn't mean I'd act on it."
"Well, when we do this swap I'm giving you permission to go for all you can get. She liked you and from what I hear she's very, shall we say, accomplished in this area. Plus, she won't be familiar and that's part of the excitement of doing this."
"And what will you be doing while I'm screwing her?"
"I'm sure you know the obvious answer to that," she said, "but if you need it spelled out, I'll be having the same excitement you are. We'll be doing this apart but together."
"In the same room?!"
"Maybe, maybe not."
And that was the last we spoke of it until Saturday night when Angie let me know we'd be having dinner out somewhere with them at seven and then go back to their place for drinks and the couples swap, and maybe more drinks after that.
SATURDAY NIGHT
Dinner was filled with mostly small talk but I spent most of it quietly ruminating on the fact that Jeff would soon be humping my wife (while I watched?) and I was supposed to be alright with that? I couldn't quite get my head to the part where I'd be doing Sandra. I was so nervous I dropped my fork about 3 times.
I thought, maybe I can keep ordering more food and drinks to delay the inevitable but that idea seemed weak so I didn't push it too far although I was mainlining martinis like this was the last batch ever produced. I just felt I needed to go numb. My concern was to keep steady enough to be social and anesthetized enough to get through this with my marriage in tact.
It was Jeff who suggested we pay up and go to their place for some 'fun'. I hoped there were a lot more martinis there.
We'd barely gotten through the door when Jeff went right over to Angie and put his arm around her waist. She responded with a giggle and he drew her closer, kissing her. I could see their tongues touching and Jeff reaching around to hike up her dress and grab her ass. Shit, was she going to fuck him right then and there?
Addressing me, "So, champ, I hear you're new to this arrangement?"
"Ya, you could say that." I'm sure the edge in my voice easily registered.
"Well, I'm gonna take real good care of this little hottie of yours so don't worry about that. And you're gonna get a run at Sandra and she's a beast. Get you a drink?"
"Definitely," I said with that edge still in tact. I was pissed he was trying to placate my discomfort so he could fuck Angie.
After drink orders were taken, Angie followed Jeff into the kitchen and Sandra pulled up a chair right in front of me and put both of her hands on my thighs.
"This will be fun, David. I know you're a little uncomfortable right now but (here she moved her hands back and forth) I guarantee you're gonna love putting that cock of yours to work in my pussy." She lightly touched my responsive bulge. I felt guilty for being attracted to her seduction.
"Here we go everybody," said the jovial Jeff, "how about a toast?" We all raised our glasses, "Here's to expanding the menu, so to speak. Remember, anything goes and, most of all, have fun."
Anything goes?
Here's where I thought/hoped the couples would part rooms but Jeff just took Angie to the other side of their living room. Shit.
Jeff called out, "Hey, how about the girls strip for us? Okay with you, champ?"
"Sure." It came out snarky but I found a part of me that wanted Sandra to strip.
Jeff took a remote and on came some sexy R&B over the sound system. On cue Angie and Sandra started a slinky sexy slow striptease. At first my eyes went to Angie dancing for Jeff. She was stripping for him. God, she was fucking hot. She ran her hands down and up her legs, landing sensually at her crotch.
Sandra, to get my attention off of Angie, put one finger on the side of my cheek and drew me to her ample gifts. She had eased her top down over her shoulders and revealed a big rack held up by a red lace bra that seemed to work overtime to handle the load. That is, until she unhooked her bra and you could see how miraculously perky her tits were. I just wanted to bury my face in them.
"Like what you see?" She asked. "More?"
I nodded.
From the other side of the room I heard Jeff, "Oh, baby, my wife's right, you are a hot piece of ass." She giggled. By this time she was completely naked and he said, "Come over here you little fuck doll and let me sample the goods."
Sandra was down to her g-string and had an unbelievable body. Shapely legs, tiny waist, round ass. Beautiful girl. I didn't have to be convinced to fuck her. At her suggestion I lowered the g-string and flicked my tongue at her clit.
"Mmmm," she said, "let me help you."
Sandra sat back on a chair and opened her legs. Even her pussy was pretty and I went after it, first tongue fucking her and then licking her clit and finger fucking her until she started to come. "Uhhhhhhhh, fuck me, David, don't stop...harder...don't stop...UhhhhhhhAhhhhhhhh".
I glanced over and Angie was giving head. "Glllluuuuuukkkkk, Gllluuuuccckkkkk," occasionally stopping to wrap her juicy red gloss lips around one of his balls. "Ya, baby, ya. That's good babe. You're a talented girl."
It became a fantastic mess in my head. I'm fucking my wife's ultra sexy co-worker, listening to her husband dirty talk my wife while she sucks his oversized dick which I imagined would soon be in Angie's pussy. It was utter chaos since I had no experience with this.
I was jealous, angry, aroused, lustful and mad at myself for enjoying Sandra going cowgirl on my shaft and being aroused from the sights and sounds of Angie getting fucked by Jeff. What a mess.
Angie sat on her knees facing the sofa back as Jeff fucked her from behind. She moaned as he rammed his eight inches into her dripping cunt and kept talking to her the entire time.
Him: "How's my cock feel, Ang?"
Her: "Fuck me hard, Jeff! Just fuck me til I come."
Him: "Love your fucking tight pussy." He grabbed her jaw and leveraged his fuck like a jackhammer. She cried out with pleasure.
Mercifully, or so I thought at the time, he dragged her off to the the bedroom and shut the door behind them. The distraction that persisted, that I couldn't seem to get away from, was the sound of Angie being ravished and taking his cock.
I lifted Sandra onto the carpet and started banging away, occasionally holding her neck with one hand while she manipulated herself. We were going at it like wild animals and she came loudly once again. I wasn't hearing much from Angie's room now. I was very close to coming so I helped Sandra up, had her put her hands on the common wall between us and the bedroom where Angie was and really put it to her. So much so that Sandra was groaning with every push of my cock. It was an angry fuck and the wall shook. When I finally came I didn't pull out like I might have but released my entire load into Sandra's hot box and it was one glorious, intense orgasm. It seemed to go on forever...
When I looked up there was Angie and Jeff staring at us, mouths open. How long they had watched I don't know but long enough to absorb the intensity. We were drenched in sweat and Jeff said, "Holy shit, Sandra, should I be worried?"
All Sandra could say flippantly was, "Not if you can do what he just did." She was joking but no one was laughing. Not Jeff, not Angie, not me. I went at Sandra like I was possessed and as much as I enjoyed the sex, part of me wanted to punish Angie for making us do this. I didn't want to go to this swap at all but once the commitment was made I channeled everything I had into bringing Sandra to climax as many times as I could. What's worse for my conscience was I wouldn't turn down the opportunity to do her again.
Something was slipping away between Angie and I and as much as I loved her I wondered how much more our marriage could endure. The ride home was silent except for this:
"So," said Angie, "looks like you really got off on Sandra."
"Ya, I didn't know what to expect but she was very nice," I said, trying to downplay how much I loved it. "Did you like Jeff?"
"Yes, he was great. But the way you went at it with Sandra..."
"I don't know," and I was being honest. "Maybe this is why married people don't normally do this. You can't predict the outcome."
Other than the most banal exchanges we didn't speak for two days.