I was raised in a home where sex was not spoken about & sexuality was looked down and frowned upon, I was never rebellious, and I was without doubt controlled both in thought & action; if I were to somehow manage to break a rule, I was punished. I believe my upbringing is why I have a deep desire to be disciplined, controlled and am a semi- exhibitionist. As an adult, I have found someone who's managed to turn the control and discipline into something sexual, something I crave & once a month he gives me an "assignment."
This month, my "assignment" took place in the middle of the night out in the backyard. The neighbors homes are not one on top of another, we live in the South, we have a decent distance between homes, there is an old dirt road a couple of hundred feet from the backyard, people drive down it day & night, there is also a highway you can easily see from the backdoor; so even with it being the middle of the night, someone could very well see me,
My task he told me was to get up at 3:15 a.m. go into the backyard wearing only a bathrobe & ankle restraints. In the pocket of my robe I was to have my nipple clamps with chain. I had to bring a lawn chair over to the fence, place the chair in front of me while I stood with my back against the fence. Next I was to bind my ankles to the fence, open my robe, and bend over the chair to let my tits hang on the back of the chair all the while rubbing my fingers in circles around the nipples. By this point my breasts are aching, I'm not allowed to continue playing, because he told me I must stand up straight & SLOWLY run my hands through my hair, along my face & neck stopping just above my tits. Run my fingernails down my sides, over my stomach, rub my hips with my fingertips, bend at the waist & continue down my ass, the outside of my thighs, the back of my knees, my calves & then back up again until I got to my outer thighs, move my hands to rub my inner thighs & the outside lips of my pussy, only the outside, up my stomach, my sides, cup and squeeze my tits, tweak & roll my nipples between my thumb & finger over & over until my nipples were hard nubs, then pinch my nipples until I wanted to moan [and I wanted to moan], stop and begin the next part of my endeavor.
He knows nipple stimulation alone will cause me to cum, this would be getting me wet. He knew being outside, the danger of being seen, was sure to get me worked into a sexual frenzy, wanting to rub my pussy, feel my juices, finger my clit, stick my fingers into my holes, but he was not allowing that -- he wanted to work his control before he'd allow me any sexual release. Of course I would have to follow his instructions flawlessly.
I had to undress, I was now out in the open, completely naked, exposed, ankles retrained, back against the fence, my heart racing, my inner thighs were slick, but, I could not touch myself, I was not permitted to touch the dripping juices wetting my excited cunt, instead I had to stand at attention absolutely naked, let out no noise, just stand and count, count to 1000.
The night air was cold, yet my cunt not only stayed wet, but as I counted I got wetter, so much so I could feel my pussy dripping its wetness down my inner thigh. I wanted desperately to go back inside and finger my pussy, play with my erect clit and nipples, all I could think about was the dripping wet, how much I wanted to go inside & masturbate, I was at 562 when headlights started coming toward me down the old dirt road, I couldn't move, I couldn't put my robe on, I had to stand at attention, counting, my pussy was twitching, 563, 564, 565, 566, a truck drove past, I was so aware of my nakedness, thoughts of 'what if I 'm seen,' those thoughts only got me more aroused, I could feel the wetness from my pussy had dripped to my knees, I was on the verge of orgasm, my cunt was letting of mild spasms, but had to continue counting, I wasn't allowed cum.
853, a truck drives down the old dirt in the opposite direction, it stops, it's not too close, the thought of that truck driving by makes me start wondering 'did they see me?' 854, 855, 856, 857, my drenched cunt is contracting & making me squirm, I feel the hot wetness on my calves, my nipples are aching, my clit feels like it's standing at full attention, I WANT to touch myself, I want to put my robe back on, I want to un-strap my ankles and run inside, I cannot, I must continue to stand at attention to accept my task & count. At 875 I was instructed to bend over & take out the nipple clamps & chain, attach the clamps to my nipples & pull the chain tightly then put the chain into my mouth, my nipples are like pencil erasers, fully erect, throbbing.
I hear the engine of that truck start up, see red rear lights come on, hold my breath, the truck backs up a bit & shuts down, I hear a door slamming, whoever it is they're out of the truck, I wonder what they're doing, could be taking a leak...
I finally count to 1000, by this point my legs are drenched with my pussy juice, and he knew I would be. He ordered me to keep standing at attention, I am to stick my thumb to my clit & rub along the slit of my pussy hole getting my thumb wet, then drop the chain from my nipple clamps & suck my thumb, taste my juices, as the chain drops from my mouth my tits & nipples bounce, it yanks my nipples, the sharp, quick, sweet pain causes me to let out a moan. I wasn't supposed to make a sound, I will have to tell him, I wonder how he'll discipline me for this disobedience.
Once again, I am to pull the chain tightly & put it back in my mouth. I've been instructed to again rub my pussy, using my thumb & finger, thumb on clit, one finger in pussy, rubbing clit, shoving finger into my pussy, rubbing, putting a second finger in my pussy, still standing, I've been instructed to rub & finger fuck myself to the count of 100, as I reach 100 I am on verge of orgasm, I shudder, but I'm not allowed, I must stop, bend down & take off the ankle restraints & sit in the lawn chair. My legs are to be spread & up on the arm rests of the chair, I must also tighten the clamps on my nipples. I feel the wetness from my cunt run down my ass, that's exactly what he wanted, he told me he hoped when I sat & spread my legs wide open the juices from my pussy would be streaming out of me so hard they would drench my pussy & my ass.
His next task I had to again finger fuck myself this time while spread eagle, but, only to the count of 125. By this point I am so worked up it's all I want as well, I notice that truck is still sitting out on the old dirt road, I wonder if they've seen me, why does that thought make me so fucking horny, why does it cause me to gush more, why does that fucking excite me so much, I don't care, I shove one finger into my pussy & start counting, two fingers, counting, three & then four fingers, furiously in & out of my pussy -- I'm so wet my cunt makes slopping noises as I finger fuck myself, in & out, rubbing my clit with the thumb of my other hand ... so close to orgasm and I count 125...
I must stop, I must stand at attention again, I am barely able to stand, I want to cum, my tits are aroused like never before & so sensitive, they feel like they've been sucked for hours, now I take the clamps off, I bend down & this time I must put the lawn chair against the fence, seat facing the fence & once again restrain my ankles however now I will be restrained to back legs of the lawn chair I had just been spread eagle, finger fucking myself upon.
I'm now faced with back to the old dirt road, my pussy is so wet, I want it fucked, I'm so horny I want to be fucked in the ass & pussy, I want my tits sucked & bitten, the wind hits my tits, they are so aroused I let out a moan, that is twice now, I'm not doing well, he will enjoy himself later for my lack of discipline. I am brought back to reality when I hear an engine start once again as I begin to count, this time to 500, I wonder about the truck, is it leaving or coming toward me again, I'm having a hard time concentrating on my counting since I cannot see that truck, only hear it, but I try, 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6... it's coming toward me, it's driving past, 7, 8, 9... it's slowed down & I hear, "Thanks for the show! Hope to see it again!" followed by hooting & hollering, as the driver tears off down that old dirt road. When I heard the voice I came, I came hard, I let out guttural moan, I couldn't control myself and I've no doubt that driver heard me...
I disobeyed, I made noise & I came, he told me if I had an orgasm, he was going to make me do this assignment again until I got it right, maybe I fucked up on purpose, maybe I WANT to have someone catch me, wonder if that truck driver really will come back & see me finger fuck myself again ...