Jacaranda knew her world was about to change forever, just not in the way it actually did. Even in Mexico City, despite it's high Alien population, she was a beacon for oddity. Naturally violet hair, green veins and her weird name weren't exactly common, even in the asteroid colonies.
Today was the big day, that much she knew already. While many in the Alien community were people of faith, quite a few Hindu or Catholic, none in three generations since First Contact had dedicated their lives to it. Jacaranda was planning to be the first to join a convent.
There was just one problem. Jacaranda's family wasn't exactly on board with the idea. She was still a quarter non-human, there could be... complications.
Getting up she looked at the markings by the door of her room; her age noted by each. The last of them, some 8 months back, a month after she turned 19. "I'm well past puberty and it hasn't happened," she whispered to herself.
As far as she was concerned, violet hair or not, she was human. She still had her clothes. Everyone knows, Alien girls after puberty's end can't wear clothes. They're allergic; basic biology. New Earth fabrics; natural and synthetic, were acidic to the double-female chromosome of Alien DNA.
Jacaranda snuck out of the house. Easy to do when your parents are busy fucking in the kitchen. She was meeting Sister Benita for lunch in Chapultepec Park to discuss her intentions.
"You sure about this hermana?" her older brother asked, driving through busy skycar traffic. "I mean..."
"Ay ay ay;" she rolled her eyes. This conversation again. "Mi hermano; you're the Alien, I made it, I'm good for this." Emilio was her half brother. his father was Alien, Jacaranda's was human just like her grandfather. Much to the joy of Emilio's wife; he had inherited the Alien horniness and ability to fuck for days on end. Jacaranda hadn't even bothered to date. Romance just held no interest to her. Never even pleasured herself before.
"You know me," she said. "I'm spiritual. I want to devote my life. Never been one of us inside the Church." New Earth's 'Old Humans' didn't understand. Jacaranda's own grandmother had found the similarities between the religions of the two species. She'd grown up in the Church even after mother stopped going.
"It's where I belong." She waved over her long conservatively cut cotton dress. She had a scarf tying up her hair and ears, covering the violet color, and shades to hide her pastel red eyes. Unless you looked close, you would miss the points of her ears, and the green veins when she blushed. Half the year, her skin looked like a bluish gringo with a slight tan. But her features were all Zapotec.
"Mom's gonna be so mad," Emilio said.
"She keeps showing me her wedding necklace," Jacaranda rolled her eyes.
Emilio laughed. Mom might be half Alien, but she was all Mexican. Traditional style. Her daughter was 19, almost an old maid. Good lord how could she not have at least one man already. At least Emilio had done his duty, married after he graduated to a nice now pregnant Alien girl. Mom and Emilio's wife both had the Alien problem; being faithful wasn't exactly a thing, but love and passionate emotions were. "She just wants what's best, in her way."
"I know, just wish she understood," Jacaranda sighed.
They stopped outside Chapultepec Park, Emilio sending her on her way with a promise to see her at Mass on Sunday. Jacaranda always loved coming there, a grand park dating back to the Aztec era.
She had a few hours to enjoy the sites and tourists. In some ways it was a very fitting place for an Alien. Some of the last battles of the Spanish conquest of the Aztec took place here. This was where two civilizations met rather poorly; but birthed a third. And once again in her grandmother's time, two civilizations met, this time in peace; and again a third people emerged, people like Jacaranda. She was the ultimate Mestizo.
She stopped to watch three gringo tourists. Women about her age, all of them naked. That in itself was a bit unusual. Voluntary public nudity was the law for most of the last century throughout the western world, but was rarely popular among 'old' Humans in Mexico. It was just there to protect 'New Humans'; the Aliens.
They spotted her just as she spotted them. "Por favor?" one of them said, a Black woman with dreadlocks. She switched languages to English. "[Do... you... speak... English?]"
"Sí,[um, I mean, yes]" Jacaranda answered. "[A little.]" She looked at them, "[Why are you naked? You're gringos right? I thought they didn't allow that.]" Everyone knew The States was dangerously violent and oppressive.
"[Um. We heard it was OK here, but we've not seen any naked humans, only those...]" one of the other girls, an Asian; jabbed her friend in the side, nodding at Jacaranda.
"[Look,]" she tried to whisper.
Jacaranda realized she didn't have her shades on. "[Your eyes, but... you have clothes on.]" the last girl, a red haired ethnically southern European said.
"[Oh, no... I'm not a 'New Human',]" Jacaranda put on her sunglasses. "[My grandmother is though.]"
"[We're always naked,]" the Black girl said. "[We go to a special college.]" She held up a backpack embroidered with the letters B.S.C. "[Third generation naked coed,]" she added cupping her breasts.
"[Naked vacation!]" Third girl added. "[Um... do you know where we could meet some Aliens?]"
"[We've never met one, they don't come to America,]" The Asian shrugged. "[I heard the guys can fuck you non-stop for days...]" Jacaranda kept her peace, deciding not to tell them why Aliens never went to The States, even if it was a story every Mexican knew. How gringo soldiers had interrupted First Contact trying to kidnap one of grandmother's friends for dissection right here in this very park.
Instead Jacaranda laughed. She'd overheard her brother doing a 4 day marathon once. Confirmed by his wife and the other girls later. "[Um, try Polanco. Lots of clubs there.]" She sent them on their way with; "[and don't forget to get some chocolate.]"
Jacaranda loved chocolate. Unlike everyone else in her family, Dad and her could eat it safely. It didn't turn her into a sex maniac. Sadly, that would prove to be her undoing.
She started walking to the National Museum of History where she was to meet the Sister. On the way she rechecked her shades, the better to get away with buying some churros dipped in chocolate by a street vendor. Everyone knew not to sell chocolate to an Alien. That was the real reason she always kept a pair of shades. As she walked away happily munching on the sugary snack, she thought nothing of the slight itch on her arm. Probably just a bug bite. Right?
She got a few dozen more meters and well, maybe there were mosquitoes or something, because surely something just bit her leg. But only two more steps and now a bite on her butt. She glanced at the mess of chocolate on her fingers in horror, her short life flashing before her, all of her hopes and dreams vanishing with panic.
"No... please no," Jacaranda looked up to the sky begging as the feeling of something scratching all along her back began to take hold. "But... but I was safe, I stopped growing a year ago."
She fell to her knees weeping, as her last churros dropped from her hand onto the tiled walkway before her. She gripped her hands in tight fists. Maybe, maybe she was just imagining it. Must be those naked gringos getting her thinking weird thoughts. She tried to stand, but the itch just got worse.
It was a sensation her mother and her sister-in-law had described to her many times. If she didn't get out of her clothes soon, the itching would turn to rashes, then blisters, and then she'd need nanites to survive. Most Alien girls started going nude sometime between their 18th and 19th birthday just to avoid this. But not Jacaranda. She wasn't an Alien. She was three-quarters Human. She barely looked Alien. Even if her mother did give her the weird name for her hair and the way she blushed resembling branching plants. Jacaranda was a good girl, a Church girl. She was going to be a nun. Not some sex crazed naked Alien like her mother.
She rose to her feet, but the burning itch just got worse. "Why," she cried out. "Please." she prayed. She struggled, trying to pull her dress free. The long flowing gown had been perfect for hiding her young feminine busty curves, and now it was fast becoming her tomb.
She got the dress free and threw it to the ground in panic. People were stopping to look. She had nowhere to hide. The park was full, thousands with her in the middle of it all. Jacaranda screamed in pain, her thick bra and positively granny panties burning into her most sensitive spots. She fidgeted in confusion trying to decide what to remove first, and where to hide... there was no where to hide... as it just got worse.
She ran off the path and around a tree, stripped herself and looked up, to a crowd of people with their cameras on her. Her shins burned, so off her shoes and socks went. Even her purse, why had she refused the metal strapped purse her mother bought. All she had left was her wooden rosary.
She was naked and the pain had stopped. She and a few hundred others examined every inch of her body. Some rashes and small blisters, but nothing serious.
She bent down, hands on knees, leaning against a tree, felt the fast growing dampness between her legs and remembered the chocolate.
Looking up at the crowd watching her, filming her, and all she could think, apart from devastating embarrassment; was how badly she needed to cum. She staggered away, looking for an escape, dragging her purse in shifting fingers as if it was too hot to hold. Stumbling, she gripped a metal sign pole. Steady herself and think... just... why was she dry humping the pole like a dog to a leg?
A moment of clarity, gestures in the air to trigger her nanites and call her brother. "Emilio; help. It. It happened."
Dazed and confused, she fell onto a stone bench and began to finger herself to the citrus smell of an Alien girl in heat. Any thought beyond cumming lost to her. The crowd watched as she awkwardly shoved three fingers into herself. Her right hand discovered her clit for the first time. Screams of pain and panic became cries of pleasure as she had her first orgasm surrounded by strangers.
Clarity returned; she picked up her purse. The Alien allergy held at bay from cumming, but not for long in the open air. She looked up to see Sister Benita among a wide circle around her, looking on with sadness. They both knew there was no way she could become a nun now.
Soon after Emilio took her home. Mom was overjoyed, talking of boys and wedding jewelry.
Jacaranda retired to her room, finding she had to cum again before she could lie in her own bed. She thought of the naked gringos she'd met. She'd always been a girl of extremes. If she couldn't be a nun, it was time for a different, nearly opposite adventure.
She looked up this B.S.C. Some place called Blanke Schande in The States. A once small college, now a massive university where all the women were required to be naked. She'd still be odd as an Alien, yes; she had to admit she was an Alien now. But at least she could own the nudity and sex if she went there.