I was about to get thrown in the pool in front of everyone at the party. I was in my high heels, linen skirt and fitted white blouse.
How this started was that my husband and I visited good friends of ours, Brad and Jenny in Florida. They had moved there 3 years ago and this was the first time we have been to their house. We were really looking forward to a week in the sun and catching up with good friends. We went to the airport straight from work on Friday and got to Miami about 7:30PM.
When we arrived at their house, Brad and Jenny had a welcome party for us to meet some of their new Florida friends. The house was beautiful and the party was out on their back patio which had a gorgeous pool. Their friends were all terrific and in a few short hours (and many strong drinks) we all became very close and were having a great time. They were a real fun group and we felt very quickly that we had known them forever. We were having a blast!
As the evening got later, and everyone got louder and looser, Brad made a joke about Jenny's clumsiness when she almost tripped. A few minutes later Jenny puts her arms around Brad's neck like she is going to give him a big kiss and says,
"Who is the clumsy one now?"
Then pushes him backward into the pool with all of his clothes on. Brad came up out of the water with a big surprised smile on his face and we were all laughing.
Brad then yells to Tony and Rob, "Hey guys, why don't you help my wife join me in the pool."
With that, Tony grabbed Jenny's wrists, Rob grabbed her ankles and they gave her the old 1, 2, 3 and swung her in the pool. Her sun dress ended up around her waist when she was in the air we all got a glimpse of her skimpy thong. Jenn popped up out of the water with a huge smile and looked incredible with her sundress was plastered to her wet body.
That's when my husband, Jim, got the inspiration to pick me up and throw me in too. Now to tell the truth, it has always been a fantasy of mine to get thrown in the pool with my clothes on, but I have never been in a situation where it could really happen. I love the old Hollywood moves where people were dressed up at party and they all ended up in the pool. It always seemed so fun, sexy, naughty, and glamorous. Well, I was about to get my wish because Jim threw me up in the air and into the pool with a big splash.
The sensation of going under water with my clothes on was fantastic and I relished the moment as I took my time getting to the surface. When I popped out of the water and had the feeling of my clothes plastered to my body. It was so exiting. Everybody was now laughing hysterically and I was grinning ear-to-ear. It was so much fun! I can't express how incredible the sensation of wearing my clothes in the pools was. Not only the sensation, but finally being able to live out a fantasy in such a perfect environment.
Then pointed to my husband with a dervish grin and gave him the "Come here" signal with my index finger. At first he acted coy, like there was no way. Then all of the sudden he leaped into the pool with his suit, tie and shoes on to join me. When I saw Jim and how sexy he looked soaking wet in his suit, I was just in heaven! I thought it was so cool that he did that for me. We were hugging and kissing as everyone else was getting thrown in the pool also.
When Jim told me how incredibly sexy I looked, I glanced down and noticed that in my white blouse and thin bra, my top was completely see-through. Now I'm a well-endowed gal so there was a lot to see! I normally would cover up and hide being that exposed, but today it just felt sexy and fun. Then I noticed that my husband kept slowly bobbing me up and down, in and out of the water, seemingly making sure my tits were completely wet and transparent.
I gave him a wide-eyed grin and said, "What do you think you are doing?"
He just smiled back saying, "You know I always want to show my girl off, you are so unbelievably sexy."
Now he has said that to me many times, but today was the first time I believed it. I should have been embarrassed, but I wasn't. I seemed to be drawing quite a crowd and was loving it!
Jim looked so hot when he got out of the pool soaking wet to get me another drink. It was also very sexy when he just walked back in to the pool fully clothed to give it to me. I don't know why, but I think a man in wet clothes is incredibly hot. I think knowing he was doing this for me even endeared me more to him.
By now everybody was laughing and horsing around in the pool. It's amazing that when people are in a pool how "handsy" and playful they get. I have to tell you this group was very handsy! Grabbing, holding each other, getting very close and touchy. After a little bit I noticed people were getting very close. A lot of hands "accidentally" on my butt and boobs. Amazingly, I didn't push anyone away. It was fun and exciting and I was thoroughly enjoying the whole experience. I would pretend to be shocked, then giggle, but not stop them.
Then someone came up behind me and grabbed two big handfuls of my tits, I kind of thought it was Jim, but didn't turn around to check. I just enjoyed the sensation.
Then Jim whispered in my ear, "Having fun babe, it sure looks like you are."
"I am," I said, "I think every guy in this pool has felt your wife up tonight, and I don't seem to be stopping them!"
"Hmmm, that's hot," Jim said, "considering your top is completely see-through and you have by far the biggest tits at this party, I can see why you are irresistible to these guys."
"So you don't mind," I said.
"Honey, I think it's incredibly hot and kind of a turn-on for me also," Jim said beaming.
"You seem to be doing OK yourself honey," I said with a wicked smile.
Jim smiled back, "You're right, this whole thing is an incredible experience. Let's have fun. This is a cool group of people. If you think things are getting out of hand for either of us, let's just use our safe word (Banana)."
I said, "That sounds perfect honey, I love you. I think we both always thought we would enjoy something like this, but never had the opportunity."
Well, we did have more fun that night, and it was awesome! The guys (and now the girls) kept getting bolder and bolder with their hands all over my body in the pool.
All of the sudden I heard a big squeal and looked over. Brad had pulled Jenny sundress over her head and tossed it way out of the pool. Jenny was naked. Now this was becoming a party! Slowly, over the next 10 minutes or so, more and more people were losing their clothes.
Jim had pulled my skirt off and I hardly noticed it. He started on my blouse buttons, but I was feeling shy and made him stop. Then I told him to strip into his underwear and maybe I would get into mine. He obeyed me and didn't hesitate to take his clothes off. Actually Jenn swam over to help him with his pants. I can only imagine what was going on under the water, but Jim really seemed to like it! Seeing my now nude girlfriend trying strip my husband was actually incredibly sexy to me.
Jim was back trying to get my shirt off and I whispered to him, "OK, but I want to keep my underwear on." He looked sad, but said "OK Hon," as he finished with my buttons and threw my blouse away.
Jim looked incredibly hot in just his white boxer briefs and he was rock hard from Jenn and me grinding up on him. I was getting a big kick out of him being teased.
Well pretty soon almost everybody was naked except me. Brad and Jenn and some other couples were chiding me to remove my bra. I tried to resist them but Jenny kept trying to get at my bra clasp. I told Jim I want to get on his shoulders to get away from them. He obliged and hoisted me up on his shoulders. That didn't stop Jenny and eventually she got my bra unhooked.
As I was trying to hold my bra to my chest they all started chanting, "Take it off, take in off."
It's a powerful feeling when a group of people are chanting at you to take your clothes off! I felt this huge impulse swell up inside of me and then all if the sudden I pulled by bra off, twirled it around over my head and threw it away. I cannot tell you what an exciting, empowering feeling it was to do that. To just strip like that in front of everybody, I was giddy with the excitement of it all!
Everybody cheered as I was now shaking my tits at them. I felt like I was in college and part of "Girls Gone Wild". Jim finally let me down and gave me a huge hug and kiss! The feeling of being naked in the pool and bumping around with all those bodies was unbelievable. By this time the guys were actually rubbing their cocks up against me as they were feeling by tits. I was loving all of the sensations and was not resisting any of their groping.
I found Jim again and was teasing him unmercifully by rubbing against him and playing with his cock under the water. Knowing he was rock hard, I asked him to go out and get me another drink. When he left the pool with a big hard-on in those tight see-through boxer briefs, I was laughing hysterically. When he came back to the pool with my drink he stopped on the steps to talk with some of the girls who were flirting with him. While he was getting teased by the girls I took the opportunity to sneak up behind him a pull his undies down around his ankles. He was shocked, and all of the gals were giggling as he stood there naked and rock hard in front of them. After that he grabbed me and pulled my panties off and threw them god knows where.
For the next hour or so we hung around the pool naked, talking, flirting and having an awesome time. It was fun, casual and extremely sexy. I was sitting on laps, giving hugs, rubbing up against people and I think I even had my picture taken, all while naked. As the night was ending and people were leaving I started to notice Jenn and the fact that she's had no tan lines.
When I teased her about it she came over, gave me a big hug and said that, "By the end of the week my girlfriend, you won't have any either!" She continued, "I can tell you are enjoying this lifestyle that we discovered when we moved down here. You are going to be spending a lot of this next week naked and I'm so excited that you are into this as much as us!"
I think I blushed a little bit when she said that, but I was also super excited. A week in the sun, naked and free sounded so awesome. From everything I was getting from Jim, I think he was also super excited about his wife's newfound freedom and our new set of friends.
When everyone left we went to our room that was located next to the pool. We were both already naked and started going at it on the lounge chair outside our room. I got Jim in my mouth and was sucking that hard cock that I had been teasing all night. In about two minutes he exploded in my mouth. I took every drop, gave him a big kiss and then pushed his head between my legs. He licked me to an orgasm in about one minute and then gave me a big kiss. We fell asleep on the lounge chair naked in each other arms.
We awoke at sunlight, gave each other a big kiss, smiled and I said, "I think this is going to be a hell of a week Hon." Jim said, "I think so too and I can't wait. I have never loved you more!'