Volunteer edited by CopyCarver and an anonymous editor. I appreciated all the suggestions and constructive criticisms that made this a better story than my first couple drafts. :D This story is made up from whole cloth from the very naughty mind of the sometimes quiet country chick.
*
After our recent midnight rendezvous in the local playground (where we had gotten caught by the security guard who decided to join us instead of turning us into the cops), Joel had discovered he enjoyed watching me while another man fucked me. Later that week, Joel dared me to set up a talk on recycling and surprise the audience with an interactive demonstration. I was a little surprised by his suggestion but quickly agreed, remembering how turned on I had gotten watching Joel stroking his hard-on while the security guard slammed his thick cock into my moist pussy. I was busy the next few days as I rented the auditorium of a community college in the next county under an alias and plastered the announcement boards with fliers about my recycling demonstration. I also made sure the shower/tub would be set up on the stage and working in time for my show.
Whatever happens today is my longtime friend and lover Joel's fault, I decided as I drove my car into the local community college parking lot. Entering the auditorium in mid-thigh cutoff blue jean shorts riddled with holes and a large rip near my back pocket, and a transparent white tank top, I waited a few minutes for the audience to focus on me. Slipping my black bra straps back under my tank top, I nervously cleared my throat to get people's attention.
"Hello. Today I'm going to suggest a few ways we can celebrate Earth Day in a more relaxed erotic fashion. Think of the three erotic Rs of Earth Day; Reduce, Reuse, and Recycle."
With a secretive grin and my hazel eyes sparkling, I chose to tackle the 'Reduce' part of this equation first. "Now ladies, do we really need to wear a bra everyday? I'm sure the men in the audience would enjoy seeing more women's breasts bouncing freely under their shirts as they are walking down the sidewalk." Sliding my black lace bra straps down my arms, I reached behind me to unclasp my bra. "I swear a man must have dreamed up these evil things." Groaning, I added, "There should be a special place in hell for the fellow who invented the underwire bra! Come on ladies, go braless for Earth Day, "I giggled as I slingshot my bra across the stage into the stunned audience.
A few blushing couples and some of the more matronly women in the audience abruptly left the auditorium with indignant snorts, mumbling under their breath at my display as I continued my show. My pierced nipples hardened as the white cotton fabric rubbed against my pendulous breasts. The remaining men in the audience must have thought they had died and gone to heaven as the women around them quickly pulled their shirts off enthusiastically. The auditorium floor was soon littered with bras of every size and color, but it didn't stop there. Soon I saw one pair of panties, than another fly through the air to land in scattered piles on the auditorium floor.
"Ladies, you're getting ahead of me. Although I'm sure the men are enjoying the view, I do believe the guys in the audience are a bit overdressed. Come on guys," I urged, "I'm sure the ladies would like to see you slip out of your underwear also."
I watched as some of the men unbuckled their belts and slid their jeans to the knees, kicking off their shoes and wriggling out of their assorted boxers and underwear. Grinning, I saw a couple men had sexy men's bikini underwear on instead of normal boxers. I wolf whistled when I saw Joel in the back of the auditorium slowly stroking his hard member. Winking at the older janitor in the front row, I unzipped my shorts, sliding them down over my hips. Sitting on the edge of the stage, I crooked my finger in a come-hither manner at the handsome salt-and-pepper haired school worker.
"Who, who me?" he stammered as he shuffled toward me, his cheeks a deep crimson.
Reading the patch on his faded navy blue jumpsuit, I purred, "Of course, I meant you, Mr. Jackson. I'll let you take off my panties for me."
"Ladies, never use energy yourself that you could use in more productive ways such as teasing your lover or," glancing down and winking at Mr. Jackson, "a random stranger."
I pulled my tank top over my head as Jackson hooked his trembling fingers under my black lace boy-cut panties, pulling them down as his thumb rubbed lazy circles over my clit. Softly I moaned, as he breathed in the perfume of my growing arousal. I gripped Jackson's shoulders and lifted my hips to help him remove my panties. My large teardrop breasts swung free tantalizingly close to Jackson's face. Groaning, Jackson shifted, trying to hide his growing erection as I stood naked as the day I was born. Looking down at his sizable bulge, I whispered into his ear in a husky voice, "Help me with my demonstration on the stage and I'll take very good care of you."
He nodded his head in agreement and hurried up the steps on the side of the stage.
"Ladies, another way we can reduce and reuse is by enjoying the shower with our significant other." I pulled open the stage curtains to reveal a shower/tub combo. Leaning down, I plugged the drain with the rubber stopper. "After your shared shower, you'll be able to reuse the water captured in the tub to water your garden and lawn. As Mr. Jackson and I will demonstrate, it can be quite exhilarating to save our planet one shower at a time."
Jackson's hand quickly cupped my lush breasts, his thumb and forefinger twisting and tweaking my right nipple as his other hand pulled at his jumpsuit. The snaps popped opened under his insistent tugging. He shrugged it off his shoulders, letting it fall down around his ankles. His thick mushroom head was peeking out of the fabric slit in his white boxers. Licking my lips, I stepped backward into the shower. Jackson instinctively followed me into the porcelain enclosure. Strong hands roamed over my nude body as he nibbled on my neck and nuzzled me with his stubbly chin.
"Hm," I moaned, enjoying his hand on my hips as they dipped further south, rubbing between my thighs. I took a few seconds turning on the water and adjusting the temperature until it was perfect. His erection nuzzled against my bottom as he pulled me back against his furry chest while the shower rained down on us. I reached between us using my thumb to caress the sensitive head, pinching the underside of his cock. Throbbing, it rewarded my attentions with sticky pre-cum spilling onto my palm.
The warmth and wetness of the shower made our bodies slip and slide against each other with an urgency we couldn't deny. Jackson's fingers worked more furiously, thrusting faster and deeper into my slit. Twisting in his embrace, I moaned louder as the pressure built inside me. Pivoting in the shower, holding me against him, he turned to take the brunt of the warm water on his back. Propping one foot in the corner of the shower, he slid his cock teasingly up and down my pouting pussy lips.
Moaning, I leaned forward, thrusting my sweet ass back toward him like a bitch in heat.
"Please, oh god, please take me," I pleaded whorishly, looking over my shoulder.
With a predatory grin, he slammed his entire length deep into my tight hole. Whimpering with a delicious mixture of pain and pleasure, desire coursed through my veins as my tightness stretched to accommodate his massive meat. Jackson held onto the curve of my hips, letting me adjust before slowly starting to thrust in and out.
"Fuck me harder, faster, please," I purred, melting into him.
We got lost in the timeless dance of mankind, moaning louder and writhing under the increasing tempo of Jackson's thrusts. I threw back my head, howling as desire flooded my loins.
"Oh my god, I'm coming!"
My honey dribbled down my thighs onto Jackson's hand. The steady spray from the showerhead rinsed my natural sweetness off us. Breathing heavily, I turned around kissing Jackson.
"Your turn now," I said with a devilishly smile.
Knees shaking, I sank down and licked my sweet juices off his bulbous knob, softly moaning deep in my throat as I swallowed even more of his hard thickness.
"Mm fuck, that's right girlie, take all of my meat down those beautiful cock sucking lips of yours!" Jackson exclaimed as his wrinkled fingers gripped my long brunette hair.
Thrusting his hips forward, he moaned as he fucked my face. My fingernails bit into his quivering ass cheeks, leaving deep crescent moons as I sucked enthusiastically on his thick man meat. Releasing my prize briefly, I brought my fingers up to my mouth, thrusting two fingers inside to get them wet. Opening my warm moist lips, I swallowed his thick lollipop down my throat once more. Gripping Jackson's firm buttocks with my slick fingers, I snuck two fingertips into his backdoor. He jerked forward with the shock of his asshole being invaded, but soon was moaning with pleasure. Twirling my fingertips around and thrusting them deeper, I found his sweet spot and gently tickled his prostate.
"Oh damn girlie, that feels fucking great," Jackson exclaimed, moaning, still slamming his cock into my throat.
Tasting the salty goodness of his thick cream, I bobbed my head up and down his thickness faster, determined to drain his cock. I used my teeth to nibble the sides and head while squeezing and caressing his heavy swinging balls in my other hand. With a final passionate moan, Jackson spurted his hot thick load down my throat. I gulped quickly as much of his seed as I could, but the overflow dribbled out the sides of my mouth and down my chin. Pulling his spent cock out of my mouth, Jackson wiped my chin and chuckled.
"Damn sweetheart that was the best head I've had in a long time!"
Looking up with a mischievous smirk, I replied in a raspy whisper," You're welcome sweetie. I certainly enjoyed it as well. The last R is of course, to recycle your partners, aka swapping partners. Hm, now if you'll excuse me, I've got a lot of recycling to do."
Looking out into the audience, I chuckled as I noticed couples had paired up and were taking turns swapping partners. I noticed Joel had moved from the back of the auditorium. My hazel eyes glowed with desire as an athletic tanned man came toward me, his hard rod pointed right at me. I saw Jackson bending a busty redheaded woman over the nearest auditorium seat. I pushed the Latin man down to start my own recycling as I felt Joel slip his hard cock into my tight ass doggy style.
Happy Earth Day to everyone enjoy it to its fullest.
*
Author is open to all constructive criticisms and if you would like to vote please don't forget to do it now. Thanks from DevilOrAngel