The small French bistro was their favorite brunch spot. It was the same as ever:: tables packed with young couples and families, the din of happy conversation reverberating off of the tin walls. An excess of heart-shaped decorations lined the walls and hung from the ceiling, a not so subtle nod to the holiday they were supposed to be celebrating.
Although everything seemed the same by all outward appearances, there was something different between them.
There seemed to be a force field around their cozy little corner table, one that was resistant to happiness and inane chatter, to the hand holding and gazing into one another's eyes that usually took place when they ate there. Instead, it encased Dani and Georgette in a bubble of tension that was growing more claustrophobic by the minute.
She took a sip of her tepid coffee, glaring at him while he busied himself with his iPhone and acted as if she wasn't there.
"Tell Obama I said hey," George said as she leaned forward over the small wooden table. Her smooth brown face was impassive when Noah looked up at her, but there was that glint in her dark eyes that had become too familiar over the past few months.
"What?" he asked, his cornflower blue eyes flashing behind his black-framed glasses.
"I figured you must be texting with someone important since you keep forgetting that you're not sitting here alone," she said nonchalantly, one hand gripping her coffee cup while the other reflexively pushed at her mane of long, tightly curled hair, forcing some of it behind the shell of her ear.
He leaned back in his chair and ran a hand through his dirty blond hair, a sigh escaping his lips.
"Can we not do this again, George? Or at least not now? I thought today was supposed to be fun."
George put her coffee cup down and shot him an exasperated look.
"Noah, we have to face the fact that something is wrong. Sometimes in relationships you have to talk about things, even if it's hard--"
Just then their waitress appeared, dropping the check onto the middle of the table. Both of their eyes flew to her, but the pretty brunette looked only at Noah when she said, "I hope you enjoyed your meal."
"It was great,' he said, smiling and putting his phone away.
"That's an awesome shirt by the way," the waitress said as she touched his shoulder unnecessarily, her hand lingering a few seconds too long.
"Thanks," George bit out as she stood and snatched her heavy winter jacket from the back of her seat. "I bought it for him from H&M. Maybe you can get your man one for Valentine's Day instead of feeling up on mine. "
She slid into her jacket and stormed out the front door, leaving Noah with the bill.
Noah apologized to the waitress as he paid and headed out, reluctant to get into yet another argument. Things had been so solid between them from the very beginning. They didn't have stupid arguments and they hardly ever bickered. But for the past few weeks there had been an unspoken tension between them. Everything he did seemed to bug George, and she generally looked down in dumps whenever they hung out.
He saw her talking to woman he didn't know on the corner. The woman handed her a cigarette and a lighter. George lit the cigarette and nodded her thanks as she handed the lighter back. When Noah reached her, she fell into step next to him, her hand jerky with agitation as she bought the cigarette to her lips.
"I thought you hadn't smoked in three years," he said quietly.
"It was a good run," she said exhaling, "but some things weren't meant to last."
Noah didn't respond. He looked straight ahead at the sidewalk that stretched in front of them, avoiding puddles of slush when he could.
"What is going on, Georgie? Why don't you just talk to me for once instead of getting mad?"
She tried to keep her voice even when she replied, but she could hear how tremulous it sounded.
"I get mad because when I try to talk to you, you don't listen. You ask me to just put my complete faith in you, but when it comes down to it you don't even want to bother having a real discussion. You don't want to put in the work, like this is a game to you or something."
Noah stopped and looked at her, a sneer marring his face. Worse than the sneer was the hurt George saw in his eyes. She wanted to hug him. She also wanted to push him. The whole situation seemed surreal to her, as if she was observing another couple arguing in the street.
"Is that what you really think? That this is a fucking game for me?" his voice was harsh with anger and it shocked her for a moment, but then she remembered that she was supposed to be mad at him and not the other way around.
"I don't know," she said cooly. "Why don't you ask your new best friend in the restaurant?"
"I don't believe this shit. Is this about jealousy?" he exclaimed. Noah had explained to her countless times that he wanted to be with her, and only her, and he couldn't understand why she kept pushing this issue.
"No Noah, this is about the fact that you can spot a black guy looking in our general direction from 50 paces and I'm supposed to feel bad about it, but whenever we go somewhere and some white chick is in your face pretending that I don't exist 'She's just being friendly.'"
"I think you're projecting just a bit--"
"I'm projecting?" George exclaimed, taking another furious puff of her cigarette and then threw it to the ground. She felt buzzed from the nicotine, and not in a pleasant way. She felt like she should yell at him, to get his attention any way she could, but her anger had already burnt out. Now she just felt tired and sad. She looked at Noah.
His hair hung down over his glasses and his lips were drawn tight. Even though he was angry, she knew he was already thinking about when she would acquiesce and he could get back to pretending nothing was wrong.
"I can't do this anymore," she said, not realizing it had been out loud until his eyes snapped to hers, wide and unreadable.
"George--" he reached for her hand.
"No." She backed away from him.
She knew if she felt his skin on hers then it would be over. She had to act now, while she was still strong.
"I'll...I'm gonna go.."
"Are you kidding me? Will I see you tonight at least?" he asked.
Her mouth opened and closed.
"Tonight? Right now I'm not sure about 'ever again'," she said.
She turned and jogged off, heading back toward her apartment.
Noah stood frozen in place for a moment as George's figure retreated into the distance. Fear surged through him and he longed to run after her, but anger masquerading under the guise of common sense stopped him.
Fuck this, he thought as he turned and stomped in the direction of his own apartment. Is it really worth dealing with all this craziness? She can come apologize to me if she wants to talk. I should have known from the beginning she'd be nothing but trouble...
*****
Spring, the year before
Noah couldn't help but notice her ass. He was minding his business, endorphins still running high from the soccer game his team had just won , and then there it was.
She was on all fours in the middle of the park. Wearing a short black skirt. Her underwear were blue with white stars, and as he closed the distance between them he realized they were Wonder Woman bottoms. She was reaching under a bush for something, unaware that her smooth thighs (he was somehow sure they were smooth) were attracting the attention of every guy within a one-block radius.
Just as he was about to pass her, some primitive part of his brain took control and redirected him. Before he knew it he was on the ground next to her. He had dropped his gym bag and was on his knees peering under the bush , too.
Her head snapped in his direction and he flashed her a grin.
"Nice undaroos," he said.
She sat back on her haunches and looked at him, unsure if he was a threat. Her small hands rested on her thighs.
Her skin was the color of toasted almonds. She wore a black shirt that showed a hint of her generous bosom. Her hair was unstraightened, and when she sat back it fluffed out around her face like a soft frame, focusing your attention on her big dark eyes and full lips.
"What are you doing?" she asked in the tone of someone who has limited patience and was trying to mete it out slowly.
"I'm seeing what the deal is with this bush," he said sitting up with a crooked grin on his face. "It's not burning, it's not singing, but it has you so interested that you're flashing half the borough."
"Oh!" she cried, pushing down at the back of her skirt, and then shrugging. "Too late for that I suppose."
"I'd say," he chuckled.
"Well, you owe me a dollar. This peep show isn't free."
She was back on all fours before he knew it, this time making a strange 'psst'ing noise. She looked up at him and Noah felt his heart skip a beat.
"There's a kitten under here," she said. "I saw him run under but he's backed up against that tree and won't come out. I would just crash through and grab him, but I don't want him to run off. Or have a kitty heart attack."
"Why don't you use your Lasso of Truth to pull him out?" he asked.
She rolled her eyes.
"Or," Noah rooted around in his duffel bag, pulled out a plastic bottle, and held it up to her. "This should do the trick," he said as he unscrewed the cap.
She sat back again
"Muscle Milk? Is that safe? Doesn't that have growth hormones or steroids or something in it?" she asked.
He held up one arm and patted his lean, but defined, biceps.
"Hey, I need those steroids more than this cat does, but I'm willing to share."
He poured a little of the drink into the palm of his hand and held it near the edge of the bush.
"Wait for it, wait for it...." he said quietly, his eyes squinting as he tried to see through the foliage.
A tiny calico bundle of fur and bones cautiously stuck it's head out from under the budding leaves. It's little nose twitched and then it trotted out and began lapping at his hand.
She flashed him a wide-eyed smile and and mimicked exited clapping so as not to scare the kitten, which had finished it's protein drink and was now gnawing at Noah's fingers. He lifted the cat gently into her waiting hands, proclaiming: "I present to you, the future Mr. or Ms. Kitty Universe and Governor of New York, Kitty Schwarzenegger!"
"Wow, you're my knight in shining ...shinguards," she said, tearing her eyes off of the kitten in her hands to give Noah a pleased look.
Noah grabbed a marker out of his bag and scribbled his name and number onto the Muscle Milk and handed it to her. She read it and smiled.
"The milk is for him; the number is for you--what's your name?"
"George."
"This has got to be worth at least one drink, right?" He flashed her what he thought was a confident smile, but he was quaking on the inside. He had only spoken to her for five minutes and he already felt panicked at the thought of never seeing her again.
She got to her feet and pulled a tote bag from her purse, delicately placing the kitten inside. She looked down at him, still on his knees in the dirt.
"Since you're cute, I'll round it up to two. Catch ya later, Noah."
She sauntered off without a look back at him . He followed her swaying hips and skirt all until she left his line of sight.
"George," he said to himself with a chuckle of relief.
*****
George didn't realize how hard she was stomping up the steps to her apartment until her landlord opened up the door and called up to her.
"Everything okay, Georgette? It sound like an elephant is following you up the stairs."
No, she wanted to cry out, everything is not alright. I just told my boyfriend it was over and he didn't even come after me.
"Everything's okay, Mrs. Panagakos. Sorry about the noise."
"No problem. I making some spanikopita, later I give you some to bring to Noah, okay?"
"Okay," George sighed.
As soon as she stepped into the house she scooped up Schwarz, who was running between her feet and meowing happily. She settled into the comfy old couch with her knees drawn up under her, absentmindedly stroking the cat's sleek fur. The strong vibration of his purr as she hugged him to her chest was comforting.
"At least I know that you care about me," she said. He nipped at her hand in answer.
She allowed herself a few minutes to wallow but refused to cry, choosing to expend that energy cleaning instead. Cleaning made her feel better; putting things to order in her apartment helped her declutter her mind as well.
The small one bedroom was pretty clean already. The bedroom had been cleared of all junk during her New Year's cleaning. She had organized her closets a couple of weekends ago when she stayed home instead of watching Noah's soccer game. He hadn't been happy about her missing the game, but she had needed some time to herself and didn't feel like putting on a fake smile and making chit chat with his teammates at the inevitable after game drinks.
Since there wasn't much of a mess, she contented herself with dusting and scrubbing, moving her heavy furniture out of the way to get at the areas she usually neglected.
As she pulled the refrigerator away from the wall, she wondered what Noah was doing and then stopped herself. He obviously didn't care what she was doing, and he hadn't for a while.
Over the last few weeks, it had seemed like he barely looked at her. When she gave tried to touch him affectionately or toussle his thick hair, he either pulled away or gave her an obligatory smile-and-pat before returning to whatever else interested him. And there was always something more interesting than her.
She finally worked the fridge far enough away from the wall that she could sweep behind it. It was dusty, but not too gross. There was really only a kitchen rag or something back there. She fished it out of the dust and unfurled it. A sudden shock of pain took her breath away as she realized what it was.
Not a dishrag. It was the shirt Noah had given her when she first slept over her house. She had kept it. She liked to wear it when he wasn't around, and occasionally made him wear it because she like having the scent of him on it. Sandalwood soap and sweat.
She hadn't seen it for months, not since...
*****
Late Summer, the year before
George looked at Noah as he sat on the couch, a beer in one hand and a pen in the other. He would occasionally jot something down into the notebook on his lap. He was shirtless, and his thin, muscled body kept distracting her.
She was supposed to be paying attention to the pasta nearing completion on the stove, but she couldn't help staring at him, this man who had become so vital to her. Everything about him made her heart leap. He was smart (so smart!) and strong and handsome. When he looked at her it made her feel like she was amazing, like a superhero or a rocket scientist, instead of a boring administrative assistant.
She stirred the noodles, fishing one out to test it. Still too hard. When she looked back at him, he had put the beer down on her coffee table and he was giving her that look--that look that made her feel like the alpha and the omega and inspired her to belt out Aretha Franklin songs in the shower.
No one had ever looked at her that way before, and it was just as scary as it was exhilarating. When he looked at her like that it made her feel like he knew her inside and out, and if that was true, then when the time came for him to leave her behind (it was inevitable wasn't it?) it would mean he was really leaving her. She turned away, suddenly somber.
"What's wrong , sweetie?" he asked as he made his way over to her.
"Nothing," she said, giving him a small smile.
"I feel kind of bad watching you barefoot and in the kitchen while I relax on the couch."
He was behind her now, his strong hands massaging her neck and shoulders. He dropped a kiss on top of her head.
"Even though you look really hot doing it."
He said this close to her ear, and a shudder of desire made Georgie grip the wooden spoon a little tighter.
"You must be crazy, I look like a mess today," she said with a smile in her voice.
Noah pulled her away from the stove, turning her to face him and then continuing to turn both of their bodies so that her back ended up against the wall opposite the stove.
"Did we do the waltz just now? It kind of felt like it. We should do a ballroom dancing class sometime, that would be fun, wouldn't it?"
She grasped his hands, ready to start an impromptu dance, but he didn't move.
He seemed to be studying her face, as if memorizing it. His eyes were a stormy dark blue, but peeking out from behind the lust was something bright and wonderful. Georgie felt her knees go week and thought 'Please let this last. I won't ask for anything else I swear."
"You are so fucking beautiful," Noah said then. "And so..." He shook his head, unable to find the words to finish his thought.
Instead he kissed her, his lips moving to hers so suddenly that it caught her off guard. Her passion matched his instantly and she rocked her body against his while his hands roamed frantically over her back. He hands gripped her by the ass, pulling her against him and she threw her arms around his neck. His words were muffled as his lips pressed to her mouth, her forehead, her nose, her eyes, but still he spoke them. When he finally pulled away, she understood them.
"I love you, George," he said.
Happiness and fear suffused her. She wanted to ask 'Why?' but said the first stupid thing that came to mind: the lyrics from a 50 Cent song.
"Like a fat kid love cake?" she blurted out.
His hands slid down, up, and under the t-shirt she wore, his eyes never leaving hers.
"No, smartass, like Noah loves George. I don't think it's analogous to anything else." He deftly slid the shirt up over her head and threw it behind him. She wasn't wearing anything underneath.
"Did I get it into the pasta pot?"
"I don't know," she whispered.
She leaned forward and kissed him slowly, nipping at his lip before pulling away. She let her fingernails trace lazy circles over the sensitive skin of his back, feeling his cock jump against her stomach in response.
"What was that you were saying?" she asked.
"I think I was saying how much I love George," he hissed as her hand snaked it's way down the front of his low-slung jeans. "George...Jefferson."
She squeezed him in her hand, loving the thick feel of him.
Noah removed her hand from his pants and pinned her arms to the wall with his. His knee slid between her thighs, the rough texture of his jean-clad leg creating a delicious frictions as she ground against his leg.
"And I love Noah" he mind blanked as pleasure spiraled low in her stomach. "Noah...'s Ark?"
"Silly," he whispered into her ear before kissing the sensitive spot he knew drove her wild...
*****
George sank to the ground, t-shirt clutched tightly in her fist. Fat tears spilled down her cheeks as the gravity of her situation sank in. Was it really over? All the fun and laughter and unadulterated love were really undone after one rough patch?
She thought of all the times something had bothered her, small things that she had kept to herself. Instead of talking about it, she had formed each annoyance into a brick that she used to wall up her heart and block Noah out.
Not because she didn't love him--she loved him more than anyone. And that's why it was so crucial to keep him out. If she really admitted how much she cared and then he spurned her, she couldn't bear it.
Every time she found a way to discredit his actions, it was easier to discredit his love. That way when he tired of her, cheated on her, fucked things up like every guy before him had, she could console herself with the fact that she had seen it coming. And she wouldn't have to be terrified of him leaving anymore because he would already be gone.
Even the thought of it broke her. She wailed into the t-shirt, oblivious to the months of dust accumulated on it.
She had been trying so hard to protect herself from rejection that she had walled out love as well.
"Oh, hell," she sniffled, and then sneezed.
****
Noah was miserable. In the dim lighting of the bar, he couldn't help but notice all of the couples sitting intimately close. Some had fingers interlaced, some didn't touch at all, but they all shared that special bond that he might have helped irrevocably sever this morning.
He had been so self-righteous. He was so sure that she was completely wrong that he hadn't bothered to followed her. He had grumbled to himself about all he had to put up with from her and fueled his anger by recounting every thing she had ever done to hurt him. It only took him the short walk to his front step to realize that he had messed up. He felt like a fool for thinking he could just let her walk away from him.
It pained him that hours had gone by without hearing from her, but he thought it would be best if they both cooled down before they spoke. And he wanted to talk in person, not over the phone. He had used the time since they parted in anger to think about what he wanted from the relationship, and what he could do from his end to make it better.
They had planned to come to this bar to celebrate Valentine's Day together, even though both of them had been in dour moods. It was their neighborhood bar. Everywhere he looked provided some memory of happier times. He made sure to dress nicer than he usually did; the blue chambray shirt she loved paired with his dark denim jeans. He had texted her before he left his house. "Be there or be square?"
She hadn't replied and she hadn't shown yet. So he ordered a drink and sat on a stool close to the door so he could catch her if she walked in.
Everything seemed so much clearer in hindsight. He had taken her mood swings and angry outbursts as signs that she didn't trust him when she was really asking for him to give her a reason to. He had been so into his only little world that he couldn't see the obvious; that the person he loved was hurting and he was the only one who could fix it. Instead of asking what was wrong he should have demanded she tell him. Instead of dismissing her claims he should have worked with her to make sure that she knew her fears were groundless. They were both guilty of being stupid beyond belief, but he was damned if he was going to let Georgie go without a fight.
"Why so glum, Noah?"
It was Peg, one of the bartenders who was usually behind the bar on Saturday night. She had a rockabilly look going that the guys in the neighborhood loved.
"Eh, shitty day," he answered with finality not in the mood for small talk.
"You all alone on Valentine's Day?" she stood in front of Noah at the bar now. "Where's your friend at?"
"What friend?" he asked, annoyed.
"The black girl," she answered, shaking her head as if he was the dumb one.
"George? You mean my girlfriend? She's meeting me here," he replied, uneasy with the tone of the conversation. He'd only spoken to Peg a couple of times, and George had been there both times. He was sure that she'd introduced herself, too.
"Okay. Hope she doesn't stand you up," she have him a quick wink before heading to the other end of the bar to serve her friends.
The conversation, and the timing, were disturbing. It seemed like the universe was trying to knock him over the head with the truth; he had hurt George, and he had to let her know. He stood to put on his coat. He hoped that she was at her apartment, and that she would pick up her phone if she wasn't.
What if she doesn't want to talk to you, jackass, his thoughts helpfully supplied. What if she decided to go to a different bar, and some guy is talking to her right now, listening to her complain about her stupid boyfriend who would rather keep his head in the sand? What if that guy gets her drunk and--
That thought had him moving so fast that tripped over his barstool to get to her.
He turned as he tripped, and two small hands the color of toasted almonds pressed against his chest to support him.
George stood before him, looking even more beautiful than he remembered. Her hair was pulled back into a simple updo with a front bouffant. Her black wool coat hung open and he could see she wore a long, deep red sweater dress that clung to her curves. Her lips were shiny with gloss, but she had on no other make-up.
"Hi" she said, her eyes searching his for their reaction.
"Hey," he said, relief flooding through him. He wanted to hug her but he wasn't sure what to do.
"So are you just drunk or have you morphed into a complete klutz in the last 6 hours?" Her eyes were shiny with unshed tears even though she smiled.
"Well, I've apparently been a putz for a while now, but klutz is a new development. It happens when you realize your stupid pride almost cost you the love of your life."
She couldn't stop the tears then, and he hustled her away from the bar to an empty table wedged into the back corner of the bar. She slid into the bench seat, and he slid in next to her, the chair across the table too far from her for his liking.
"I'm sorry," she whispered as she wiped her tears away. George had thought she was all cried out, but passing on the mascara had been a good move. "I should have just talked to you and told you that I was scared instead of pushing you away."
"And I should have listened better and asked you what was really wrong, but I was scared, too," he said. "What if I asked you what was wrong and you said you didn't want to be with me anymore?"
"I think that's what happened this morning isn't it?" she said with a trembling smile.
"Yes. I'm psychic, I guess, except for one thing."
"What?"
"I could never have guessed how empty my life would be without you," he grasped her hands in both of his. "And that was just for a few hours! If I had to go longer than that I might as well go jump in front of a bus. It'd be less painful."
She leaned forward and pressed her lips to his, her head angled so she didn't knock his glasses off. For a while she didn't move, simply left her trembling lips against his. He could feel her tears dripping onto their entwined hands, and wasn't ashamed when a couple of his joined the mix. Slowly, he moved his lips against hers and he felt her smile when he did.
George moved one of her hands to the back of his head, the familiar feel of his thick, cool strands of hair against her fingers comforting. Holding his head in place she kissed him as hard as she could muster, needing him to feel how important he was to her. When he parted his lips her tongue darted in, sliding sensuously over his. Noah groaned into her mouth, and the sound sent an eddy of desire spiraling through her.
His hands made their way under her jacket, and he had pulled her almost completely onto her lap by the time they finally broke their kiss.
"We should probably talk now, right?" he asked. His fingers softly stroked her face and he had a crooked smile on his face.
"We should definitely talk," George replied and then went on in a quieter voice. "But right now I want you so bad I can barely see straight let alone think."
Noah's head leaned in and he pressed a trail of soft kisses along the sensitive skin of her jaw and neck, inhaling the scent of the lavender oil George wore as perfume.
"One thing I've realized today is how important it is that I listen to my woman's needs and address them, so I'm gonna take that as my cue to haul you out of here and fuck you senseless. Sound like a plan?"
George was already in a haze of happiness and lust so she just nodded and stood to lead the way out of the bar. Their hands remained locked together as they snaked their way through the crowd and as they stepped out into the brisk night air.
"Let's go to my place," she said. "And let's take the shortcut."
"Through the park?" he asked.
"Yeah. There's something I want to show you."
There were a few people on the outskirts of the park, but there was no one else around as they walked in further.
George tugged at his hand, leading him off of the path and through the sharp branched of some leafless bushes into a small clearing between two trees.
"Umm, sweetie, where are we?"
"This is where we found Schwarz, more or less," she said, taking his hand.
"Oh." Noah looked confused.
"And this is what I wanted to show you." George guided his hand up under her dress, where there was no material blocking access to the soft thatch of curls there.
Noah sucked in his breath at the heat of her against his cold hand, and she shuddered for the opposite reason. His fingers moved against her slickness, eliciting a quiet moan.
"Geez, Georgie, you're so wet already," he whispered, pulling her against him with one hand as his fingers continued to stroke her.
"That's because I've been thinking about you fucking me right here. I can't wait until we get home Noah."
She started to gyrate against his hand, her small whimpers of pleasure causing his cock to twitch with anticipation. Noah slipped two fingers into her, feeling the muscles clench around them. He worked them in and out, curling his fingers inside of her as if beckoning her closer and closer to the edge.
George kissed him frantically, writhing in his arms as her hands clutched at his coat. The cold air passing over her thighs served as a reminder that someone could walk by and discover them at any moment. She tried to remain quiet, but Noah's thumb found its way to her clit and rubbed her there as his fingers stroked her from the inside.
"Noah, fuck!" she whispered as her body shook with pleasure. Her back suddenly arched against his and her pussy clamped down around his fingers as the orgasm rocked through her.
"Oh my god," she whispered breathlessly. She noticed Noah was struggling with his belt and tried to help him remove it, although her hands were trembling. Together they got the zip undone, and George bent to her knees as she tugged at his pants out of the way and pulled Noah's already hard dick through the opening in his boxers. She closed her hand over him, feeling the soft skin and play of veins against her palm as she stroked him. She slowly worked her mouth over his wide head and Noah groaned loudly. The shock of cold air then her hot, wet mouth closing over him was almost enough to make him come immediately.
"Sweetie, that's amazing," he said in a low voice, unable to whisper anymore. He held her by the shoulder, supporting her as she used her mouth, hands, and the winter air to pleasure him.
When she took as much of him into her mouth as possible, he couldn't stand the torture anymore and pulled her to her feet. He lifted her off of her feet, kissing her tenderly as he walked the two steps to the large of the trees.
"Turn around, Georgie," he said when he had placed her on her feet in front of the tree. She complied, leaning forward with her hands against the tree for support.
Noah lifted the hem of her coat up over her ass, followed by the hem of her dress. He marveled at that spectacular ass of hers that had been the catalyst for the best decision he had ever made in his life. He admired the thigh high black stockings encasing her legs. He wondered if he was the luckiest guy on the planet at that very minute.
And then George turned her head and said "Are you gonna fuck me or what?" and he realized that he was.
He slid his thick cock into her from behind, and they both moaned because it felt so damn good. He pumped slowly at first, one hand on her hip, the other reaching around to caress her breast.
"George," he grunted, but she was too lost in the ecstasy she was feeling to hear him. He stopped moving, but George worked herself on him, pushing back on his dick without any assistance from him.
His hands on her ass stilled her motion.
"Georgie," he whispered more urgently.
"What?" she said, still struggling to move against him.
"Please never try to leave me like that again," he said, his voice rough with emotion and lust.
"I won't, Noah," she said trying to move against him, "but please don't stop."
He rammed into her then, long, hard thrusts that sent shockwaves of passion through Georgie's entire body, from her toes to her fingertips.
"Say it again, sweetie," he demanded, his hand on her shoulder arching her back so that their faces were closer. "Say it."
His cock was working wide circles into her, hitting what felt like every possible sensitive spot inside of her as he wended his way in an out. Georgie could barely speak as she felt the beginning of another orgasm building up from her very core.
"I..." she slurred. The pleasure of Noah inside of her was so intense it bordered on pain. It was hard for her to focus on anything else, even the fact that they were fucking in a public place, anymore.
He thrust hard up into her.
"You what?"
"I will never leave you like that again, I promise, I promise," she nearly shouted, ending on a sob as her breath hitched. Noah was furiously pumping deeper into her and she couldn't tell if she cried from happiness or just sheer ecstasy. His hand flew to her mouth and she realized that she was shouting her pleasure across the park as wave after wave of unadulterated bliss flowed through her body.
Noah had already been close, with the way her pussy was tightening around his dick, but George's cries did him in. With one final thrust, he came, too, the sensations hitting him so hard he thought he would bring both of them to the ground when his knees nearly buckled. Although he tried to muffle her shouts, he couldn't help the loud roar he emitted as he shot off into her.
George chuckled, leaning her arms against the tree and resting her head against it. Their short, quick breaths frosted the air around their mouths.
"You okay there, buddy?" she asked Noah, who was now slumped against her.
"I think I'm more than ok," he said, reluctantly pulling out from her warmth. He pulled her dress and coat back down and then tucked himself away.
He took the lead this time, leading them out of the bushes and toward the asphalt path that led through the park.
As they were leaving the bushes, a police cruiser pulled up and a bright flashlight beam suddenly blinded them.
"What are you guys doing? This part of the park is closed right now," a disembodied male voice barked at them. They couldn't see beyond the flashlight.
Noah blanked, the lack of blood in his brain not helping the situation.
"Oh, I lost my cat, officer" George said in a sickly sweet voice. "We thought we heard something in these bushes, so we were just checking it out. We're leaving now."
There was a silence and then the light went out. They could see the officer now,and just make out his incredulous eye roll before he said. "Okay, we'll keep an eye out for this missing cat. You two should leave now though. "
"Thanks officer." George said as they passed the car.
"Oh and , son?" the officer called out before they got too far away, "your fly is down."
They both laughed and Noah zipped up, before grabbing her hand as they walked out of the park.
"This has been one hell of a Valentine's day," he said squeezing her hand tightly in his.
She looked at him, still a little dazed, and smiled.
"Minus the whole 'driving away my boyfriend' thing, it was the best Valentine's Day ever for me."
"We still have a lo of things to work out, but from this point on let's try to focus on what we can do to make it better, instead of blaming ourselves or each other."
"That sounds like a plan," she said.
Then her walking slowed down and she squeezed her thighs together awkwardly.
"Actually, part A of the plan should be a shower. I'm leaking like the Exxon Valdez over here."
"George, you have such a way with words," he laughed.
"Well, if you don't want to join me in the shower, that's fine, but it'll be your loss."
"I'll be there for the shower, and anywhere else you want me to be," he said as they walked up the steps to her building.
"I love you, Noah," she said.
"Duly noted," he replied, and then fended off her blows before laughing and adding "I love you, too, Georgie."