Jayden had always loved the outdoors! She had started to go on walks around her hometown to get a little exercise in. During she discovered she loved to masturbate outdoors, in her car or in the backyard of her mother's house. Once even playing with herself in the car, while her brother-in-law was fixing something under the hood!
But with all the rain over the past weeks, she couldn't explore her new fetish. It was late spring and the first warm day of the year, and she had a couple hours before her boyfriend would stop by after work. She twisted her short black hair into a ponytail. Put on her running shoes, tight black athletic booty shorts that showed off her plump ass. She decided going commando would be more exciting! Matched with a black sports bra, that was a little small for her perky double D breasts. Resulting in her cleavage spilling out in view for all to see! Not that she wouldn't mind a few wondering eyes!
Jayden pulled in to the local metro park a little before 10am. She couldn't believe it! No one but herself! That's perfect, she spoke out loud. Grabbing her water bottle and jumping out of the car, she sprinted towards the pathway head.
She had been walking for what seemed like two hours. The cool damp air on her skin gave her a chill from all the sweat her clothes were soaked in! As she rounded the bend, she saw a bench to take a breather and to fix her shorts that started to ride up, giving her the most pronounced camel toe she'd even seen!
While she sat on the seat picking at her camel toe, the stimulation of the touching her outer pussy lips flicked a switch in her! And a crazy idea popped in her head! Before she knew it she pulled her shorts to her knees, then using both hands lifted her top and dropped her perky nipples out into the cold air. Moaning, Jayden started by running her fingers up and down her vaginal opening, teasing herself. At first, only slipping one finger in and then two more. While with the other hand squeezed her breast and pinched her hard erect nipples. Lustful thoughts filled her mind, faster she fingered her pussy. Inching closer to orgasm!
Up the pathway, the gravel was disturbed! Without thinking, Jayden sprang to her feet! Shorts around her knees, and boobs poking out under her bra. Jumping behind the park bench on the edge of the pathway! Watching and waiting for people to appear! Before she could fix her clothes, a squirrel hopped around the corner. "Wow, little guy, you scared me pretty good!" Jayden said. Giggling to herself!
Jayden sighed, "well now where was I?!" Stepping back, not realizing the large embankment behind her. Falling on her butt and gliding forward down the muddy slope, she slid about 40 yards down. Landing in thick muck at the bottom, she sank halfway up to her hips. Leaning back and look up towards the trail, Jayden groaned and asked. "Can this go any worse!" Sliding down left her covered in mud, surrendering her shorts on a branch further up the hill! Even losing her top on the way down. Leaving her exposed! "Yeah, I doubt this can get any worse." she exclaimed.
While thinking of how to get back up, the cold air teased her exposed body. Making Jayden even more aroused! Just as she began squeezing her breast, Jayden jumped! Something had touched her inner thigh in the sludge! Moving as much muck aside from her crotch as carefully as she could. She studied the silt for a minute, swiftly she saw it! Earthworms! Huge wiggling earthworms! But they were strange somehow. Translucent pink with bumpy bodies, and there faces had small feelers like tentacles. "Man, I can't believe you meager dudes startled me, just like Mr. Squirrel up there!"
"Wow! There are a lot of you little boys!" Jayden said. Worms began sliding up her legs and onto her belly, ticking and coating her skin in slime. Jayden became uncontrollably horny with their touch, "They feel like little wet tongues licking all over Me!". She moaned. The feeling drove her mad! Just before she could tease her clit, one of them wiggled its way up her inner thigh and probed Jayden's outer pussy lip, sending a jolt of pleasure through her whole body!
Just at that moment, Jayden had a devilish horny idea! The thought only a desperately horny woman who was under the spell of the worms could have. Why not see if these worms want a new hole to explore? The thought of it disgusted her at first, but the feeling had to be wonderful. Looking around, she saw a rotten stump, lifting her muddy butt, careful not to hurt her future lovers. With a loud suction noise, pulling her ass out. Using her hands to clean as much mud from her lower half as possible. Selecting the largest of the weird worms and heading to the stump.
"I can't believe this!" she repeated. Climbing down and laying on her back and shoulder, point her ass up in the air. (much like plow pose in yoga) This position, the idea of her pussy, her wet muddy hole being pointed in the air to the blue sky above for anyone to see in her was exhilarating! The cool breeze teasing her naked body. Praying no one would interrupt the fun she was going to have! Though, the attention of an audience watching her masturbate using bugs was undeniably kinky!
With her right hand, she pulled her slimy labia apart, and without a notion. With her left hand holding the biggest, and slimmest worm. About the thickness of a drinking straw and 5 inches long, and as pink as her pussy. Bringing him to her face and giving him a gentle kiss, "Well, are you ready, my little man?" Licking and tasting the goo on her lips. Giggling with glee.
She lowered him towards her open, hungry pussy, Jayden plunged him in. The feeling of being violated by this muck and mucus covered creature. Jayden's pussy walls shivered from the influence of the cold worm as he whipped about. She moaned in sheer ecstasy! Grasping the others, two, three, four, and five worms slithered into her infested pussy. Her vaginal canal was now nothing but a wriggling, slimy mass of worms. They slimmed over every square inch of her crowded pussy, some even sticking out and tickling her vulva. Nowhere in her pussy was secure from their wiggling and penetrating. In her vagina, goo pooled in the farthest reaches of her, tingling her walls, coating her cervix. As she dug her polished fingernails into the stump.
More of her little companions joined in, slithering around on her breast and sensitive, hard nipples. Jayden's toes curled while she teased her clit and labia. Her vaginal walls tingled and convoluted as her sweethearts continued to delve into in her goo filled pussy. More joined, by filling her ass crack, slowly wiggling. But powerless to invade her tight virgin asshole that was pointed to the sky. Jayden's cries and moans could be picked up all throughout the wood!
"Oh my god!" Jayden moaned with pleasure!
"Please don't stop! I love you guys!"
Reaching climax, one worm finally discovered the opening to her womb. With her cervix soaked with slime, the worm had a simple time, using its tentacle feelers to pry and massage her cervix. Squeezing through the hole with little effort, he was free to explore her womb. Jayden screaming in pleasure. Unaware of her invader.
"I'm so close! Keep going, my babies!"
"Don't stop wiggling!"
Cumming, Jayden's frame shook hard, like never before. Squirting her juices all over her upper torso and her face. She lay there upside down against the stump for a few minutes, gathering herself. While her lovers wiggled away in her exhausted pussy. Coming to her feet, with her snatch still throbbing, she started pulling her friends out, the slime oozing from her pussy. One, two, three, then four, they plopped out. Thanking everyone with a gentle kiss, she placed them back in the mud. Tasting her slimy juices. "That's weird?" She said could have thought there were five of you? "Nah, must have counted wrong."
Jayden wondering around picking up her clothes. Thinking of a excuse to tell her boyfriend why she was late. Oblivious to the largest of the worms deep in her uterus, laying its eggs, each consisting of several dozen tiny viscous wiggly worms. With a tickle in her gut, Jayden, chocking it up to passion. She rubbed most of the muck from her naked body, leaving her pussy sticky with stale worm goo and her juices. Pulling her shorts on, she started back for the trailhead, trembling with her weak limbs. She spoke with a mischievous giggle, "I wonder what other little sweethearts are creeping or wiggling around here?!"
The End.