"Now that the boys have moved in, I'm not certain what to do. Everyone has kept their word concerning our private moments. Even Brian... I suspected he might ruin everything but somehow, he's kept quiet. Unless they're all playing me like I'm doing them. If not, I don't understand why he hasn't blown this. He must be going crazy keeping our secret. They all must be. Should I just let the cat out of the bag?"
Margo Needy sat at her makeup table peering off into the mirrors distance. Between each thought adding rouge to her cheeks, still wrapped in her peach-colored towel from her morning shower to cleanse the days cardio workout. That was the one thing the boys needed to understand, fitness was a must. Do not interrupt the Goddess when working on her physique. So far, they had given her space, although it had only been a week since everyone officially lived as one household.
She had yet to run into any of the boys since her alarm clock went off two hours earlier. Having gone down to the lower level to her home gym in favor of an indoor workout of cardio and weights she had only heard footsteps in the kitchen above. After her workout she ate a grapefruit and single piece of toast in her kitchen without contact, even though she saw Brian Hancock's truck head out without actually seeing him in the flesh. She knew from the night before that his father Bruno had requested his services in trimming trees away from powerlines around the town of Wildwood.
Eric Crowe had come home late from the Movie Theater he managed and had gone straight to bed after, to her knowledge he was still in his room. That left Cabot Ross and Heath Talbot unaccounted for. All she could do was presume they too were sleeping in. Their schedules all over the place with Cabot a waiter and Heath a painter for some contractor in town. They would surface eventually. When they did Margo wanted to look her best. As always!
Makeup applied to perfection she stands up and discards her towel over the back of her chair before doing her daily profile in front of the mirror to admire the body she worked so hard on. Pride was sculpting every curve of this Goddess of Love. Her late husband would have praised her with lust. Something that she required to keep her going. With Darryl deceased her sex life had been isolated to her own toys, among other things. Human contact nonexistent until the boys came into her life. Without her son to keep her in check Margo was going to live how she wanted. For as long as that was possible.
Within her massive walk-in closet, she found herself indecisive of what to wear. With she and each of the boys still keeping their secrets from one another she needed to dress somewhat conservatively. Once the game was over, she would drive them crazy wearing next to nothing. Perhaps in time... nothing at all. She could not wait until that day. It was coming very, very soon. So... what to wear?
In pondering conservative this out ruled her usual dresses that they had seen her wear and often reveal more than she should have, especially when Elliot her son was still here. Yoga pants and tanks were safe, yet maybe she should still reveal less. Going with soft pink leggings a size too small she found them second skin. Every crease and curve hid nothing without underwear. Cameltoe evident, butt crack deep within as if wearing latex displayed her pet cLamel even from the back. For the record cLamel was her figure of speech combining camel and clam. Sure to make them want to hump her she giggled in thought or dig for her pearl. Pun on purpose. It wasn't even Hump Day. The waistband was devilishly low on her hips nearing pubic delight. Her question was still, is it too much? A risk worth taking. She kept them on. With her belly trinket dangling it was just too gorgeous to deny. That meant a short shirt was needed.
Sifting through dozens of sexy outfits she chose a white lace halter top with a crochet look that held tightly to her chest but revealed full shoulders. Her cleavage massive and inviting was still hidden at least, for the most part, a deep frontal crevice was still worth drooling over.
"Oh my God! Why am I trying to be conservative? This outfit screams fuck me. Well..." She fidgets in her mirror turning for all angle reflections, "I'm not changing. Let them suffer."
Jewelry display she picks out a fine necklace with a very tiny cross to dangle between her sermon on the mounts. Thin ringed bangles about her wrists finished her off, opting against earrings. Enough time wasted, she wanted to move around.
Leaving her bedroom, she closes her door and shuffles barefoot down her lengthy hallway, passing each bedroom she halts to see if she hears snoring, or better still moans of ejaculation. Nothing! Not a peep! Shrugging she heads downstairs and finally hears clattering in the kitchen. Sneaking down the last few steps she creeps close to the walls to avoid floor creaking. She knew the layout well. Peering around the corner she discovers Cabot Ross digging in the pantry. With his back turned to her she goes to her double sized refrigerator and opens the door quietly. Bending over purposely she opens the crisper to retrieve a fresh peach. When opening the drawer Cabot had heard her and turned to see her ass offering an orchard of it's own. Jaw drooping, he instantly grew hard.
In her forward state her halter fluttered open to let him witness her tits exposing the entire underside like melons. The second Margo stood up, she shut the door and faced him.
"Good morning, Cabot."
"Fuck me." He muttered barely heard with awe. He needed this MILF again bad.
With a generated smile she nibbles mischievously on her peach and sucks out the juice. She found it amusing that his sweats went full on pup tent right before her eyes.
"There's that banana I was looking for." She winked.
"Damn Margo! How do you expect me to keep quiet when you dress like that?"
"Should I put on baggy bib overalls and a plaid shirt?"
"Definitely not. I mean I hope you dress like this every day. I'm just saying if you don't want the other guys thinking the worst that's not safe."
"So, you've kept your word not to tell the others?"
"I keep my promises. Count on that. Have you...?"
"Tortured the others? A work in progress." She nibbles her peach further. She didn't want to let on that she had already seduced the four of them. Let the boys suffer a bit longer.
"Brian's gone. Eric is sleeping still. Heath just went outside, he volunteered to clean my car to cover money I loaned him. Wanna get in a quickie?" He crosses his fingers. In response she seductively stalks him with lust in her eyes. Reaching him she uses her free hand to curl a finger over his sweat's waistband, tugging it out to peer down at his monster cock. Inspiration strikes as she eyes her ringed wrist bangle. Lifting his cock free of his sweats she fondles him while continuing to eat her peach. He tilts his head back taking in a nervous breath.
"That feels great. I was hoping you might..."
"Shhhhh!" She informs him to be silent. Feeding him a bite of her peach as she strokes him slowly, she moves in to kiss him on the lips in order to share their bites. Steamy as their tongues roll about, she catches him off guard. Talent leads to placing one of her bangles around his cock, nurturing it further down his shaft until it snugs a bit, the ring on sliders to make it less wild when worn. Lips touching, but not parting she whispers, "Like your new cock ring?"
"Fuck yes. Please fuck me, Margo."
"Shhhhh! Not yet. Show me your cock in twenty minutes. If the bangle is cutting off your circulation, I'll make love to you. If not... only when my game is finished. Cabot?"
"Yea?" He shakes like a leaf looking into her amazing brown eyes.
"I really want you to make love to me. Will the others be leaving soon?"
"Heath has an evening job so he's around until 5:00. Eric goes in at 5:00 also. Trouble is Brian might be back by 6:00."
"Shame. Maybe we will have to be sneaky then." She licks his lips, kissing him with one last two-minute lip lock as she corkscrews his crown ever so softly. It had grown bigger, that bangle might not have easily passed over it if she had attempted to at this time. It was definitely a prisoner. Kiss broken with a beguiling smile she releases his cock and turns her back to him, leering over her shoulder she nibbles her peach on the way out. Cabot Ross lost interest in food and did his best to keep his cock the hardest it had ever been. How long he could keep that hardness remained to be seen.
"FUCK!" He snarls as she leaves the kitchen. This would be torture.
Margo fanned herself just out of his sight line and giggled, "So much fun. Step two..."
Opening her front door, she peers out at the circle parking area where the boys all parked their vehicles. Heath Talbot was out there with a handheld vacuum, paper towels, Windex, and other assorted detail items. Laying down in the back of Cabot's car, vacuuming under the front seat with his legs dangling out the door kept him busy.
Putting on a pair of flip flops she crept outside toward him. Worried that Cabot might be watching from the kitchen window she decided that a flirty dance would be fun. Wiggling her perfect ass she bent forward and slowly guided her pink leggings over her tight bare bottom to moon the window area just for kicks. If he wasn't looking it was his loss. Sneaking up on Heath was easy enough. Facing his legs, she eyed his own tented sweats. It seemed that all the boys had decided on commando just because of her. Fine by Margo. His sweats were cut off above the knees. The vacuum hum kept her appearance silent giving her time to admire him. He wasn't wearing a shirt and his muscles were insane.
"Mmm! I love my would-be bodybuilders." She licks her lips favoring to cast her peach pit into a bag of garbage he had sitting beside the back tire. What could she do to get his attention? Shrugging she wings it noting his towels and Windex bottle resting in the seat close to his head. Smirking she leans in and crawls over him taking Heath by surprise. He felt her hands slide over his crotch the entire length of his dick before moving up over his chest. Her tits following along divide to each side of his instantaneous erection. The vacuum went silent.
"Dang Margo. Here to help me clean Cabot's car?"
"I wanted to feel useful." She moves higher until her chest smothered his face as he lay back. Reaching the bottle and towels she feels his lips kissing her cleavage and shivers. "Good morning to you too." She sighs. "Shall I wash the windows?"
"Sure." He mumbles motorboating her chest to a round of giggles. His hands were now roaming her back, only a thin string holding her halter was in the way of a fully nude back. "Awfully bold with Cabot and Eric still home. I thought you wanted to keep things on the down low."
"Eric is sleeping. Cabot is busy cooking. I felt safe enough to let you know I'm counting the days before you make love to me."
"We can do that right here in the backseat. Cabot won't know because I'll clean up the mess." He laughs.
"We shall see. For now, I'll detail the interior, you can detail me." She slithers further inside and sits up on his lap, her cameltoe rubbing along his shaft.
"Backseat lap dance. Nice!"
"Does it remind you of Brian's truck to and from Philly?"
"Better."
"I can't reach the window." She carefully abandons his cock easing up to sit on his chest before taking the Windex bottle and spraying the window. Tearing off towels she moves higher still, until she literally sits on his face at a crouched angle. Smothering him she feels his teeth nibbling at her labia through her leggings. She moans slightly but washes the window until done. She was rather worried her leggings might rip being so tight, not to mention his teeth could tear them. She loved these leggings and with money just as tight, she really shouldn't splurge on new clothes. Whimpering she chose to risk it none the less.
"Take these off." Heath begged tugging her leggings down over her ass and rubbing her cheeks.
"It's not that safe. The other boys could still see us." She lets him massage her ass as his tongue dampens her cameltoe's succulence. She awkwardly sprayed the rear window from side to side and stretched to scrub the pane. Even as she stretched further out Heath peeled her leggings down until he could see her clit. A surge of adrenalin he rears his head up to lick her clit before she could move further away. A squeal leads Margo Needy to close her eyelids and enjoy a short nibbling and a very dedicated tongue lashing. "Oh my God! I really want you, Heath. That tongue is lapping at me so perfectly."
"FUCK ME THEN." He growls.
"I can't. Not yet." She lifts away and lets him follow as best he can as she finishes the rear window. Moaning at his persistence to gnaw at her clit she gives up tossing the Windex and towels on the floorboard. "Let me turn around." She whimpers.
As he releases her, she moves into an incredible 69 position and lets him peel her leggings further down. This of course led to the other passenger door to be opened for room. He embeds his entire neckline and skull between her leggings and her thighs. There was no escape now. As she feels his tongue dig deep inside her pussy, she tugs his sweats down to pull his cock out. Desire took over and Margo swallowed his beastly dick. A seesaw effect led to both of them cumming hard. Margo had not planned on going this far. Once his face is drenched and he fires into her throat the two of them fall limp. She kept him in her mouth for three minutes longer draining him dry and proving she loved giving head.
"Damn! That was freaking awesome. What happens when all the guys catch on?" Heath panted licking his lips and watching her pussy trickle on to his chest.
"I suppose each of you take your turns satisfying me."
"Wow! You really do want all of us, don't you?"
"Very much. I just favor you right now. Feel special?"
"Oh, fuck yes."
"Good. I should get back inside before the others come out and catch us."
"Ummm! Your pants are pretty stained." He removes his head from her prison allowing her to sit up and fight to get her leggings back into place. Giving him room Heath rises and wipes his face on a paper towel, while she kneels in the backseat. Once her pants are up, she storms Heath and kisses him passionately. Their hands were all over each other. Hearing a door open they part ways swiftly. Heath puts his beast away and looks toward the house. Nobody in sight.
"Let me get back. Thank you, Mister Talbot. I adore your tongue."
"Love your throat Mrs. Needy." He stands up and helps her out of his confined car. "Better air dry that crotch, looking pretty guilty." He chuckles.
"I'll sneak past everyone and change. I'll fix everyone lunch later. What sounds good?"
"Eating you again."
"Mmm! Soon my ravenous young painter." A pat to his cheek she locates a missing flip flop and heads back toward the house. He sat in Cabot's car jerking off again. Nice day that it was.
********
Stepping back in through the front door Margo bypassed the kitchen and headed upstairs. At the top of the steps, she looks over to see if Cabot had trailed her entry noises. Somehow, she had avoided him without detection. Tiptoe down the upstairs hall she stopped at Eric Crowe's bedroom door. Feeling evil she slips her flip flops off then wiggles out of her leggings to stand without pants.
Fanning her wetness, she then removes her halter top to stand nude. Leaving her clothing boldly in the hall, she quietly twists his bedroom doorknob. Easing his door open she peeks in to find him laying butt naked on top of his covers under an inactive ceiling fan that his father hadn't yet fixed as promised. Biting a nail she takes one last look around for safety before walking into his room and closing the door. Should Cabot or Heath come upstairs and find her clothing her game would be over. The risk was just too much fun.
Sneaking up on Eric she crawled into his bed carefully and crept over his body with her own. Her nipples trailing like a breeze along his butt up to his back. From there she kissed his shoulders until he stirred from his slumber.
"Mom?"
"Yes. Shhhhhh!" She kissed him further along his neck and nuzzled his earlobe, "I've missed you. We must be quiet. Cabot is cooking, Heath outside cleaning Cabot's car. Roll over."
She slips to his left side and lets him reposition on to his back. Her hand immediately surrounds his cock moving up and down until he builds a healthy monster. Once there she rolls atop him and inserts his cock into her, sitting up for a ride. Her hands move to his chest toiling amid his hair. Her tits bobbing about as best as silicone enhancements allowed, she smiled at him, "This feels very right Mister Crowe."
"Couldn't agree more mom."
"Stop calling me mom."
"I like calling you mom." He winks.
"Cum quickly or I'm getting off and escaping before we're caught."
"I'm still the only one who's had you?"
"Give it time Sweet boy. Nothing happens overnight." Like hell it didn't. She was lightning in hot pants. Her games were almost at an end. These tortures would get them riled up. Maybe tomorrow she would end this and devour them all. Hopping up and down on Eric's cock made him close his eyes and enjoy the sensations. Her pussy scalding hot left a heated friction with each thrust. In her own sensations Margo felt her juices mounting. Mere seconds later she squeals hoarsely and cums all over his dick, drowning his balls in a cascade of escaping lust. Falling over him, she molds her lips over his and kisses him tenderly. Two minutes later she pats his heartbeat and crawls away. Finger to her lips for silence she blows him a kiss and scurries away. Opening his bedroom door, she looks out then vanishes. Eric Crowe hadn't had time to cum. Now was the time. Handheld adrenalin he jerked off like never before.
As Margo grabs her clothing, she puts her halter back on but forgoes her stained yoga pants. A quick change into tight fitting pink shorts she heads back downstairs. One more temptation she discovers Cabot sitting at her island bar on a barstool, dick in hand trying his best to keep hard without jerking off. When he spots Margo leaning on the counter watching him, he offers a beggars yearn, "It still moves around. I can't keep the ring taunt."
"Poor baby. I guess that means we wait."
"Please don't leave me."
She sighs with an evil grin and seductively walks toward him. At his knees she examines his situation. "Almost there." Her hand grips the bangle and gently squeezes, the metal snugs up easily. He hadn't noticed it had sliding for size separations even though she had firmed it earlier a bit. Looking up at Cabot she grins, "You made it." He felt foolish but laughed just the same.
Slipping her shorts down to her toes and abandoning them on her kitchen floor she crawls up into his lap and does just how she had Eric and rides his cock, his hands holding her lower spine as support. Huffing Cabot offers up, "You're incredible. Teasing is your specialty."
"You haven't seen anything yet. Your dick is getting bigger inside me I can feel it. Maybe I shouldn't have squeezed my bangle. Now I might have cut off your blood flow."
"I'll live. Fuck that cock."
"Mmm!" She did indeed. Needing to be more in control Cabot picks her up and stands with his beast still inside her. Moving to the pantry door he fucks her up against it. Her hands around his neck, his left hand up under the halter palming her tits. Moaning softly, she whispers, "I can't wait until this is over so we can do this while the others watch us."
"They'll wait in line behind me for next up."
"Mmm! Take a number."
"You want that don't you?"
"Yes."
"I'm glad you chose me first."
"So am I. Cum with me Cabot."
As he fucks her harder the door begins to vibrate under their weight. Noisy they both grit their teeth when they hear yet another door. Eyes bulging, they knew it was the front door, Heath was coming in from outdoors. In a brilliant move Cabot lifts her away from the door and opens the pantry to take them inside out of sight. She whispered, "My shorts are on the floor."
"Fuck!" Not wanting to let her down he carried her over to where her shorts lay. Leaning her backwards she giggles and releases his neck to dangle her upper body at an awkward descent. Legs locked about his waist he let his hands release her and hovered his palms over her chest before a pinch to both nipples as if only using them to hold her aloft. She whimpered at her nipple clamps and used her fingers to pluck up her shorts. Cabot admiring her massive tits released her nips just to see how strong she really was. The long trail between her thighs and tits looked inviting. He wanted to kiss every inch. Waving her shorts to coax him to lift her, he shook his head no and made her rise up on her own. Most of the way successful he chose to pull her back up into his arms. A mad shuffle to the pantry they closed it behind them. Upright fucking began again.
Heath Talbot just missed them as he grabbed a cold beer from the fridge. Shrugging at no one there he headed upstairs. The pantry door vibrated the second he left the kitchen. Another two minutes and Heath would have heard Margo cum loudly. Then, a deafening snarl as Cabot nuts inside her. The pantry hid them away another ten minutes. She would mop the tile after they were done. It was slippery now, thanks to Margo's ability to gush nearly every time she had an orgasm.
Fully dressed and ready to enter the playing field, the lovers went their separate ways. Cabot headed back upstairs to clean up and change. Content to mop and care for her kitchen she did so naked. The boys were clean freaks, but she was anal. Satisfied for the day Margo smiled, three down with time on the clock. Brian Hancock would have to wait until later. She would only have to deal with Cabot then. Heath and Eric off to work would allow her time to find a way to satisfy her itch of all four boys in one day.
"Patience Margo. Patience." Her conscience said, "Bitch." She didn't get dressed again for thirty minutes, her clothing on the kitchen island.
********
Just as promised Margo had dinner ready by 4:00 so that Heath and Eric could grab a bite before work. She had prepped pork chops from her small walk-in freezer. She discovered that shopping day was getting near, the shelves were getting bare. Adding to the chops were mashed potatoes and frozen broccoli smothered in cheddar cheese. Dining table set she rushed upstairs beating on doors to let them all know dinner was on. Ducking into her room she intended on change, wanting to look more presentable than her shorts and crotchet halter top.
"I'm tired of being constricted, these shorts have got to go." Disrobing entirely, she went for a dress, one she knew they liked her in, namely the dress she wore on the way to Philly. As swift whore's bath first to feel less icky from sweat and cum she dried off and returned to her dress. Nude beneath it she gave up being conservative. "Breath ladies." She whips her loose cleavage about giving her tits air. Spritzing perfume and primping her hair, out the door she went. Heading downstairs she looked over the rail into her dining room to find only Cabot and Heath.
"Where's Eric?" She pondered turning back to his door and barging in to find him in a towel. He must have been in the shower. "Dinners on the table Handsome. Eat me... it... while it's hot." She flips her tongue out.
"Be right down. Gotta get dressed for work. You still rock that dress."
Flipping her spaghetti straps from her shoulders she shakes her upper body until her cleavage nearly toppled out. Moving her chin sheepishly from shoulder to shoulder she beguiled him with her eyes.
"Trying to seduce me again?" He chuckled attempting to be quiet about it.
"Wait until this silly game I'm playing is over. You boys are sooo in trouble."
"Awesome! I'm running low on time so keep your dress on." Instead, he whips his towel off smirking.
"Oh, that's just mean." She pouted. Pulling herself together she turns away lifting her skirt to her waist mooning him. "See you downstairs. I'll make you a plate. Chops, mashed potatoes, and broccoli. Hope you like those."
"Sounds great. Eat you later for dessert?"
"Mmm! You get home when?"
"Probably like 2:00 AM. Gotta make sure the cleaning crew are doing their jobs." He gets dressed in a royal blue button-down dress shirt and black dress pants, black shoes. All complimented with a white tie. He looked handsome.
"Leave your door ajar, if everyone is asleep, I'll come sit on your face."
"Ohhh, now that's dessert."
"Hurry. I'll go fix you a plate."
Leaving him he gives her five minutes as he colognes himself up, then puts on his belt. Gathering his wallet, keys, and cell from its charger he was ready to go. Lights out he leaves his room and hurries downstairs to find Cabot and Heath feeding their faces. Margo was sitting on the table kicking her legs up and down. Moving toward the chair next to him he winks at her and eyes his plate next to her hip.
"Looks delicious mom."
"Do I?" She stretches vividly for all of them before hopping off the table, "Sit."
The eye contact between the three boys wondered why she was acting strangely. Was Margo ready to open up about her game before the other guys had been seduced? Each of them had the same question on their minds thinking they were the only one already lucky. Standing behind Eric's chair she pats it. "Don't be late for work. Eat."
"Right." Eric sits down and snatches up a fork and digs in. Patiently she awaits a compliment to the chef. "Good stuff mom." Devouring his chop with greasy fingers he nods smugly at his buddies. She decided to race into the kitchen and pour him a glass of iced tea as she had the others. Returning with her shoulder straps dangling she leans around Eric and lets her cleavage drape open for Heath and Cabot.
"You needed a drink."
"Thanks." Her nipples stabbing hard through her dress drew in eyes. She loved the attention and batted her eyes at them.
"Mrs. Needy?" Heath spoke up.
"Yes?"
"Um! Nice dress."
"You remember it?" She lays her chin on her left shoulder playfully.
"Oh, we all do. Sexy as hell."
"Why thank you. I love looking good. Especially for..." She feigns a blush.
"For?" Cabot challenges her.
"For my self-esteem. If I look good everyone is happy."
"Can't argue with that." Eric toasts her with his tea glass.
"Refill Cabot?" She notes his glass low.
"Sure." He hands it too her as she dances around Eric to retrieve it, then wiggles toward the kitchen, all eyes on that perfect heart shaped ass.
"Dudes!" Heath leans in whispering, "Is she flirting hard or what?"
"I think she wants us." Eric puckers nodding.
"Keep it cool a while longer." Cabot adds, "I told you guys she would find a comfort zone around us. She's wearing less again. No underwear under that dress I guarantee it."
"I know she's not. Dude I can see ass crack." Heath chuckles. Looking at his watch suddenly Heath went pale, "Shit! I have to go." That sudden leap to his feet made Eric sigh. So did he.
As Margo returns giddy, she sits Cabot's glass on its coaster and pouts, "Off to work?"
"Gotta pay the rent."
"Yes, you do." She commits a stern smirk.
"Thanks for dinner mom." Eric raises his arms hoping for a hug. She wasted no time in leaping into his opened arms. Surrounding her back Eric rubs her spine all the way down to her highest point of butt crack. She gives him a peck on the cheek for being polite. Easing away she found Heath behind her. Turning in a 360 with her body still pressed into Eric, Margo accepted his hug as well. Heath found himself braver than Eric and briskly rubbed her back and lifted her off of her feet into a shifting dance. She giggled and wrinkled her nose at Cabot still sitting. Lowering her Heath let her go. In their smothering hugs Margo's cleavage dropped dangerously low, almost revealing areola. She didn't even try to pull it up feigning ignorance.
"See you in the morning mom." Eric winked. Waving at them dramatically only added to her dress's exposure. Nobody wanted to leave. As the front door opened and closed, then there were two. Without a second to waste Margo lifts her left leg across Cabot's lap and straddles him lifting her skirt for comfort to sit commando over his thighs. Arms wrapped around his neck she looks him in the eye.
"I think I have them eating out of my hand, don't you?"
"They think you're flirting hard. Teasing them in that dress."
"What could have possibly made them think that?" She giggles before tenderly moving in closer to kiss Cabot on the lips. An overheated make out session leads him to pick her up and sit her on the tables edge. Scooting his plate and glass out of the way she lays back. Lifting her legs over his shoulders her skirt is wrinkled up over her belly.
"I'm still hungry."
Cabot Ross ate her out right there on her dining table. Hands in her hair Margo squirmed at a very talented tongue. One that she remembered well from his moving in day. He was unforgiving in his hunger lust, Margo squealing in delight. Arching her spine to press only her shoulders and scalp into the table she rolled her eyes back at his ravenous appetite. Cumming over his tongue she cooed shifting her dress all over her tits with erratic palms. Margo was so ready to be the object of all four boys' fantasies. As she was being eaten, she imagined the other two still there crawling up on her massive dining table to join her, leaning over her body and kissing her breasts. It became so vivid she trembled hard.
"Oh Cabot! That tongue is evil."
"Had enough?" He lets up wiggling his eyebrows.
"When will Brian be home? 6:00 you say?"
"Don't ruin my appetite." He laughs leaning his wet chin right on her trickling pussy.
"Sorry! I was just thinking that maybe it's time I seduced another."
"I thought Brian was going to be last?"
"I just couldn't decide who to target next. Would you be upset if I skipped to Brian?"
"No. Just know he has a big mouth."
"I'll risk it. If he blabs, I'll just give up my game."
"My lips are still sealed until you gather us together and admit the scam."
"Thank you... and thank you." She lifts her hips until his chin lowers then presses her pussy back into his face. "While we wait on Brian." She giggles. Cabot dug in for more. Thirty minutes of hardcore feasting Cabot fell back into his chair to catch his breath, "My tongues numb." Margo Needy was one happy whore.
"Mine isn't." She sits up and slides between his legs kneeling under the table to unzip him. Easing his dick out she licked him from balls, up his foreskin to flick his crown like a lizard's tongue. With a kiss she swallowed five of seven inches and gagged herself repeatedly, forcing herself to go balls deep. Momma had talents that none of them knew yet. Ten minutes later Cabot nuts down her throat. Smiling up at him she shows him her tongue with pooled up jizz on it for a reaction.
"Swallow that."
"Mmmm! Always! I love cum too much to ever waste a drop."
As she lingered at his feet, they hear the front door, and both sets of eye's bulge. She swiftly crawls under the table until reaching the furthest chair before surfacing to straighten up her dress, and hair. Cabot zipped up wet and scooted closer to the table. Claiming Heath's old chair together they sat acting as if they were just talking.
Earlier than expected, in walked Brian, weary from a long day of tree cutting, clothes dirty from head to toe. Kicking his boots off at the door he looks toward them.
"I smell food?" He shuffles in limping slightly.
"You do." Margo brightens up. "Pork Chops?"
"Oh, fuck yeah! I'm starving."
Margo jumps to her feet and straightens her dress more to look presentable. "You sit. I'll heat up a plate."
"Awesome! Thanks mom."
"Grrrr! Mom! Mom! Mom! Try Margo it rolls off the tongue better." She winks at Cabot.
"Gotcha! Thanks mom." He laughs knowing it bothered her. She would get used to it. Again, both boys watch her tight ass wiggle away into the kitchen, taking dirty dishes with her. "Christ, that ass says destroy me." Brian ushers.
"That it does. She's been flirting hard today. Eric and Heath noticed it. Give her time I bet she starts in on you."
"I'm ready." Brian shares a cheesy grin. "This bitch is ours Bro."
"Just don't fuck it up for us."
"What? Me? Never." He smirks looking appalled before chuckling. Dropping into a seat he cracks his neck. Smelling his pits he winces, "Damn! I need a shower bad."
In the kitchen Margo gargled at the sink having a small bottle of mouthwash hidden away. Waiting on a plate of food to nuke she teased her nipples. "This is just so much fun. Now that Cabot thinks I'm ready to take on Brian he's going to be so jealous. Hold on a bit longer boys, I'll make you all so very happy." At the ping of the microwave, she carefully removes the hot plate and tests it before serving. Lowering her shoulder straps again she shuffles barefoot back out to the dining room. Utensils placed in the food for transport she strategically sits the plate in front of Brian and allows his fork to fall to the floor between his legs.
"Shoot." She immediately leans over his lap and lays her cheek over his crotch as she reaches to pick it up. He nearly busted a nut then and there. Looking over at Cabot he nodded feverishly. "I'll go get you a clean fork, and a glass of tea." Again, they watch that ass dance away.
"She had her cheek on my dick Bro." Brian felt like bragging. In his thoughts he laughed, "If you only knew I tapped that bitch already you'd shit. Should I tell him? Naaaa! Too much fun when it comes out, I got her first." Second, if truth be known. Cabot just grinned and expressed shock.
"Keep it cool Bri."
"Yep! I'm good Bro."
Seconds later Margo returned with fork, tea, and napkin. Setting him up she places a hand on his shoulder and smiles, "Hard day?"
"Hard as hell." He rubs his crotch right in front of her.
"You seem... tense."
"Lot of heavy lifting, my shoulders and arms got a workout."
"Awww! You eat I'll massage your shoulders." She steps behind him and winks at Cabot as her hands squeeze his shoulders. Brian eyes Cabot with a wince.
"Now this is service. Best mom ever." He sighs.
Digging in he just lifts his plate closer to his face to avoid a long transportation of bites. She massages his neck making him tilt his gaze to peer over his brow while eating.
"Brian?" She leans over him her hair tickling his neck.
"Yeah?" Mouthful!
"I'll allow you to take your shirt off at the table this once. All I'm doing is massaging a wrinkled-up t-shirt. I see sawdust."
"Serious? On it." He sits his plate down and swiftly removes his shirt to show off his muscles. Chuckling he recalls the third day living here when he and Cabot tried serving her breakfast in bed. "Too bad there's no tablecloth for you to pull out from under my plate." Cabot had to laugh.
"Evil man. Evil I say. You know you really scared me that morning Mister Hancock. I actually thought you were going to pull my sheet off of me. You do know I was sleeping in the nude."
"No shit?" He feigns surprise.
She pelts his temple giggling, "You knew. Both of you did."
"Yeah, we knew." Cabot confided.
"I didn't. Wow! Now I'm really embarrassed." Brian chuckles as her hands begin to work his shoulders again.
"No, you're not. You lifted my bed sheet and saw under it. EVIL!" She smirks running her palms over his chest right before Cabot's eyes. "You wanted to see me naked. Don't deny it."
"Hell, yes we did." Brian looked at her nails on his pecs. She dug them in sighing loudly.
"You know what?" She retreats leaving Brian lonely all of a sudden, "You finish eating and go shower. If you can behave yourself, I'll give you a better massage."
"Body massage with a happy ending?"
"That's not behaving Brian." She scowls down at him.
"Sorry. Not really, but yeah... sorry."
"EVIL! UGH!" She rolled her eyes.
"So like where are we doing my massage?"
"I'll come to your bedroom in an hour. That will give me time to do the dishes and put away the leftovers. If you misbehave, I'm going to walk out. Earn my trust, Brian."
"Gotcha."
Gathering the last few dishes, she heads for the kitchen. As always that ass was zeroed in on. The second she vanished Brian shrugs, "I'm not behaving."
"You're so going to fuck..."
"Her?"
"...this up."
"Naaaa! I got this Bro." Scarfing his last bit of food he jumps up and takes his plate to the kitchen. Out of Cabot's sight he moves behind her submerging his plate into the sinks water in front of Margo. He then leaned in and grinned, "Are we fucking?"
"You know we are. We just need to be very quiet. Cabot's room is right next to yours."
"Wee bit of noise?"
"Maybe it's time he knew. What do you think?" She looks for guidance.
"Let's leave my bedroom door wide open."
"You just gave me goosebumps." She flared her eyes with sparkling enthusiasm, "Let's!"
"Fuck yeah. If he catches us, you just tell him."
"Alright. No warnings, am I clear?"
"Zipped lip."
"I'm trusting you."
"I'm going to go shower." He snatches her by the hair and pulls her in to kiss her hard. Taking her breath away she fanned herself. Just that fast Brian was gone.
"Is it possible to fall in love with four different men?" She giggles, "That's not enough men. I want to love them all." She finishes her dishes then dries her hands before leaning on the counter. "I'm only feeling how you always told me to be Darryl." She lifts her eyes to the ceiling to chat with her late husband. "You said to fall in love with all men. I will live by that code forever." She sighs and holds both hands to her heart. Love had four letters, she had four boys. Enough for now.
Heading back to the dining room she discovers Cabot gone. She hoped that he didn't take off, she wanted to begin the process of each of the boys knowing the other had been seduced. She hoped Brian would not flip out once he found out about Cabot being first.
Moving upstairs she notes Cabot's door ajar and peeks inside. He was sitting on his bed reclined against his headboard and texting. Looking up at her in the doorway he sets forward and acknowledges her. "You, okay?"
"Yes. Nervous a little. You said Brian was really big." She had already experienced his anaconda delight but wanted to maintain her cover story a bit longer. "Did I interrupt you?"
"Not really. A waitress at work asked me to cover her shift later tomorrow. I do need the money to save towards rent. I'll probably take it."
"I'm glad you're so responsible."
"We all are. Don't doubt us, Margo."
"If I didn't have faith in you four, I'd never have... that's a lie... I wanted all of you."
He smirks and pats the bed beside him. "So, it wasn't entirely about the needed cash?"
"No. I'm very lonely. Even with Elliot here I faced loneliness. Darryl... used to keep me busy."
"How so?"
"Let's just say I was rarely by myself, even with Elliot at home."
"Men over?"
"Yes."
"Every day?"
"Almost."
"Wow! You sound like a hooker."
"I felt like one. But I loved the attention. Darryl needed many favors; I was his way to achieve those. This was primarily when Elliot was in school."
"Can I ask a very personal question?"
"I will give you honesty. For better or worse."
"How many men..."
"Have I had sex with?"
"Yeah."
"Would it change how you want me if I told you?"
"Fuck no. Tell me a thousand and I'm still tapping you nonstop."
"Not quite that many." She giggles, "Half of that maybe."
"Five hundred guys?"
"I'm a nympho Cabot. Darryl brought that out in me in my 20's. I touch myself ten times a day when alone. Now I have you boys."
"Would we ever be enough?"
"I don't know. For now, yes. Please love me."
"I do love you. We all do."
"Do you think the others can accept how many I've been with?"
"I know so. I will say this though... when they realize you're a nympho they're going to abuse that."
"I hope so." She snickers blushing.
"Sounds like the shower shut off." He followed a sudden silence in the distance.
"I should get ready for Brian. Do you think he will be happy that I'm choosing him to be first?"
"Second, but yeah he's going to go crazy on you."
"You might hear us with your bedroom right next to his."
"Want me to take off? I can run to town I need a few things from the Dollar store anyway."
"It might be better. Brian might want to brag or ruin this by doing something stupid." She knew what Brian wanted but at the same time in order to maintain her story they did need privacy. "Can you buy dish soap?"
"Sure."
"I should go before he catches me here."
"I'll head out in five minutes."
"Thank you. Soon there will be no need to hide."
"You might want to hide." He laughs, "You won't get a minute's rest."
"I will always be available to satisfy you."
"Good to hear. Hey Margo?"
"Yes Cabot?"
"Are you aiming for a thousand?"
"If it happens... I will demand more."
"Fuck yeah! Major slut."
"I am." Smiling warmly Margo Needy left his room and went straight to Brian's. He was still across the hall in the bathroom. Entering his bedroom, she disrobed and crawled into bed awaiting him. Knowing Brian liked her nimble she pulled her legs behind her head and locked her ankles into place. Prying her labia wide she offered her hole up to him the second he stepped in. Bright, pink, and juicy.
Hearing the bathroom door open Brian Hancock crossed over in only a towel. His bedroom door wide open he hesitates and looks at Cabot's. Before he could say a word Cabot steps out keys jingling.
"Where are you going?"
"Dollar store. I need snacks. I'll see you later."
"Dude!" He starts to tell him about Margo then freezes, "Get me some cupcakes."
"Paying me back?"
"I'm good for it."
"Alright. Back in an hour." Cabot Ross bolted downstairs.
Moving to his room he entered and immediately saw Margo in her contortion. Puckering he whips his towel off and dives into bed next to her. She maintained her pose just to see what he might do. Reaching under her he pokes a finger up her butt pucker for meanness.
"Now this is what I'm talking about. I dig how flexible you are. Can you stay in that position while I fuck you?"
"As long as I can. I've never actually been fucked like this before. I'm here to make you comfortable Brian. Do you want that massage?"
"Damn straight I do. After I cum in that sweet pussy there though."
"I will never deny you that privilege."
"Every time?"
"Every time Brian. I love the feel of how much you've wanted me."
"Cabot took off."
"We can still leave the door open in case he comes back. I'm getting close to being ready to let everyone in on our secret. Just a day longer?"
"Kept my yap shut so far. What's one more day?"
"Thank you, my handsome lumberjack."
"Let's do this." He hops up to his knees and primes his fist sized beefy crown up to her pussy and slips past her labia. Her vulva braced to accept a small arm she rolled her fifty percent of her eyes up inside her brow at the thick entry easing deeper one inch at a time. In passing her G-spot Margo rolls her eyes completely white.
"Soooo big... fuck Brian." She huffs. "I can get used to this."
"You better. I'm tagging these holes every fucking day. You better beg for it too."
"I can do that. I love begging."
"Sometimes I detect a submissive side to you." He fucks her holding her feet behind her head to make certain she didn't lose her own grip. His trajectory straight down and deep, her face buried in his muscular chest.
"Darryl expected that of me. I can be very submissive but raising Elliot I needed to be in control. I'll be both for all of you. I must be both. Even though I'd prefer never being in control."
"You take care of bills, and we'll take care of this juicy cunt."
"Deal. Don't be afraid of breaking me, Brian." She giggles.
"Harder, faster?"
"Prove to me you're a real man. I don't think you have it in you." She taunted him.
"Oh, fuck yeah!" He dedicates his thrusts into destroying her brain. His added enthusiasm sent her hormones into overdrive. Yelping, crying out her desires, moaning at every nerve that he challenged.
"WANT ME BRIAN."
"I do want you."
"LOVE ME."
"Hearts are swirling around my head MILF."
"POSSESS ME BRIAN."
"As in own you?"
"YESSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSS!" She pleads with every tunneling thrust hitting bottom. Scrotum crushing into her ass cheeks with devastating slams. Those would be tender come morning.
Brian was growing smug thinking of ownership. Halting his thrusts deep he picks Margo up and stands next to his bed. Fucking her aloft in her contorted pretzel position made her insane.
"Like this Margo?"
"YES BRIAN. FUCK ME LIKE YOU'RE STEALING MY SOUL. PROVE I'M WRONG ABOUT YOU BEING A REAL MAN."
"Dunno how to steal any soul but I'll try. As far as me being a real man... prepare to forget your name." He huffs. Carrying her back to the bed he leaves his beast within her but guides her weight and body to rotate around his cock until she faced away from him. Forcing her legs to stay prisoner he buries her face into his bed and tags her doggy style. It was interesting and eventful. Margo was screaming and cumming nonstop. Seconds after she gushes warm cum all over his cock he pulls out and uses her juices to lube her ass. A penetration of her anus sent her into richter scale tipping convulsions.
"TAKE IT BRIAN." She cries into his mattress.
"ON IT WHORE."
His entrance slow at first, worried he might hurt her, she sucked up the temporary agony before begging him to hit it harder. He couldn't agree more. Contorted anal was a first for both. She wept her pleasure; Brian shot his load deep. Drawing his beast back to pull out, his load pooled up on her pucker like milk from a cow.
"Fuck yeah Snow White." Roughly he whips her over and looks at her red face crying. "Shit! You, okay?"
"My legs are asleep."
He breaks smug and unfolds her limbs to stretch her out and massage feeling into her legs. Sighing she sits up and chooses to fondle his balls. He tilted his head back at her tenderness. Eyes soft and doe like she whispers. "Thank you, Brian. My real man!"
"Massage me now." He peels away and lays on his belly. She stands long enough to leave and return with baby oil. Coating his entire backside she crawls back into bed over him, straddling his lap. Instead of using her hands she leans forward stretching out over his entire frame. Using her body, she massages him with her tits and thighs. He puckers at her efforts. "Nice! Hey, couple days back... when Cabot and I brought you breakfast in bed..."
"Yes?"
"I wanted to rip that sheet off you and fuck you in front of Cabot. Blow his mind."
"Why do you think I put my dream show on for you? I wanted you to, that way Cabot would have joined in. You boys got shy."
"Not shy. I just played your game. Cabot bought it."
She smirks knowing Cabot Ross had done the same, playing along for her benefit. It was amusing how naive they were being.
"He wanted me to use my dash camera to record you playing with yourself. I made it look like I forgot to leave it."
"You should have used it. I love seeing myself play."
"Oh, once this shit is out in the open, I'm leaving a cam in every room." He laughs.
"Mmm! Catch me doing all sorts of nasty things with you boys."
"Let me roll over." She lifts to his left to allow him to reposition, dick high. "Ride that cock." She happily climbs on and joyously rode hard, feeling her pussy tight around his girth, her pink interior peeling outward, then back in with each gyration. Falling over Brian his arms coil around her to rub her back while they kiss. "Man, you know what you're doing."
"Darryl taught me how to be the best slut around. Trust me I practiced a lot." She smiles then storms his lips to silence him, her ass hopping up and down over his inserted beast. Both of them climax again harder than before. Just as she thinks Brian had been exhausted, he rolls them both over and he tags her hard all over again. The bedding was going to need stripped and washed.
"I LOVE YOUR COCK SO MUCH BRIAN." She weeps, "Never leave me my beautiful boy."
"I'm so going to play naive the day you tell the guys."
"Good. Let me act shy then you can all take me at once."
"WOOHOO! Gangbang."
"If everyone doesn't shy away... YES."
"They won't. We're going to own these holes."
"They're all yours. I will never once say no. You have my word."
"Slut!"
"Yes... I think I am."
"You think?" He laughs.
"I AM."
"That's better. Now give me a real massage."
For forty minutes Margo eased his aching muscles. Kissing every inch of his backside. Brian Hancock began to snore, still she massaged.
"Four in one day. I'm back in form." She smiles, "Tomorrow, I take them all at the same time."
She was ready.
The fourplay was over.