My wife and I have an interesting relationship. We have a great time sexually, but I am always wanting to give her more in the way of variety. It has taken a while to build up her confidence and exploratory side when it comes to being adventurous, but I feel like we have made some major strides over the years that we have been together. I am constantly looking for new things to explore with her...things that she might not find too unacceptably weird...things that I feel she would enjoy either with me or someone else. The idea of her coupling with a complete stranger and her enjoying another body has always intrigued me, and we have done that on occasion in the past (even when that was not our original intent). I must admit openly that I peruse forums and chat rooms on-line to see what strangers may be lurking in the shadows "looking for a good time." And I must admit that I also check out postings on advertising websites for the same purpose...not necessarily for me but for my wife, Jan. She is fully aware of my searches and feels like it keeps me happy and out of trouble, and it gives me something to do in my spare time. Therefore, I keep looking, hoping that something strikes my fancy.
Well, something finally did. As I was looking through the usual m4w m4mw stuff, I spied a general posting for an adult magazine store and video arcade located within a few miles of our house. However, what really caught my eye were the references concerning the few video booths with well-placed glory holes, where men could place their cocks thru the hole in the wall and whoever was on the other side would provide a discretionary blow job for the lucky recipient. I had heard about glory holes and seen videos on-line about glory holes, but that was one thing that I had never seen...and my curiosity was piqued. I pictured Jan kneeling on the floor, beckoning to be fed a nice hard cock belonging to someone she could not see. It was a sure answer to my quest, and I felt like I had to make it happen for both of us...but I decided not to let Jan in on my find until it was time. Our anniversary was just around the corner and I thought this would be the perfect gift for the perfect wife. With that in mind, and with great anticipation, I made our anniversary plans.
Finally, it was the night of our anniversary celebration. I had made reservations at a nice restaurant downtown, which required that we look our best. Therefore, I was dressed in a coat and tie...looking as dashing as I thought I should. However, Jan looked spectacular as she came out of the bedroom, wearing a shortened version of a black evening gown...showing enough skin to make the most casual of voyeurs interested. She certainly got my attention as we walked to the car. As we made our way to the restaurant, I was hoping that my inane conversation wasn't giving away my nervous anticipation about what I was hoping would be a memorable night. We had a nice dinner, involving ourselves in small talk, as my mind kept wondering to the main dessert which lay beyond these walls.
We finished the last of the wine, paid the bill, and exited the restaurant. We had decided to take in a movie after dinner and I drove in the direction of the theater. Jan rested her hand on my leg as we drove in silence, listening to the music emanating from the radio. I turned unexpectedly before we reached our destination and my wife glanced at me with a knowing look as a slight smile crossed her face. Realizing this, I tried to explain that it was a short-cut to the theater, attempting to maintain the surprise of the final destination. However, the element of surprise was lost when I turned the car into the parking lot of "Western Avenue Video" and came to a stop in a parking place close to the front door.
Jan squeezed my leg, looked in my direction and said, "I take it this is the theater." Smiling, I opened the door and got out of the car. I walked to the passenger door and opened it for Jan. She swung her legs toward me, allowing me a glance of her black lace panties when her short dress rode up her legs as she scooted to the edge of the seat. She stepped out and, walking arm in arm, we strode through the front door of the store. Upon entering, we noticed rows of shelves offering adult magazines and dvds for sale or rent and an assortment of adult "toys" for the more adventuresome. To the left of the entrance were two glass cases displaying additional items for sale...oils, lubricants, bondage paraphernalia, and the like...and a cash register behind which was stationed a fairly large, imposing store employee, looking more like a bouncer at a strip club rather than a video store sales clerk.
Gingerly, we told the look-like-a-bouncer guy that we were new to the establishment and were wondering about the location of the video booths. Looking us over warily, he pointed to the back corner of the main room and told us the rules were posted by the door. We headed in the direction of his disconcerting stare and found the entrance to the darkened hallways from which we could enjoy the privacy of our very own booth, complete with any pornographic movie our hearts desired. As Jan and I walked down the hallways looking for a booth to our liking, we noticed men of varying sizes and dispositions lingering along the walls, as if they were waiting for something...or someone. I know Jan was probably wandering why we had not picked a booth yet, but I knew what I was looking for and it had thus far escaped me...the original reason we were here in the first place...the glory hole. Finally, about half-way down the third hall, I stepped into a booth and noticed perfectly round holes in each of the opposing walls about three feet or so from the floor, with a bench placed in the center of the darkened room. Across from the door, centered on the wall, was a video screen for our viewing enjoyment.
Sounding triumphant, I announced to Jan that this room would do nicely and we stepped in, closing the door behind us. Slipping some coins into the slot, I chose a movie and the screen came to life. Moans escaped the screen as we watched my favorite scenario unfold...two men with one woman...the men sharing her between them...their bodies moving in perfect rhythm. As we viewed this scene, I heard the doors of the booths on either side of us close and the videos in each started whirring to life. Watching the holes in the walls intently, hoping to see my wife's first encounter with an unknown cock, the stranger's face a complete mystery. My heart beat with anticipation and desire. I had Jan stand and walk over to the hole on the left side of the room, and she placed her fingers through. I held her hand there for few seconds so that the man on the other side would notice and take the hint. Stepping back under Jan's curious glare, I sat back on the bench and waited.
Finally, it appeared. A cock slowly came into view, peering through the hole in the wall. My wife noticed it too and, looking up at me, slowly slid to the floor next to the hardening cock and wrapped her hand around the base. Jan placed her lips around the head and moved slowly up and down while she sucked this stranger's cock into her mouth. As his tool hardened, her pace picked up and we could hear his moans through the thin wall. His hips moved, forcing his cock into her open mouth as she sucked him in deeper. He finally came in her mouth, shooting his load down her throat. She tried to swallow it all, but I could see some cum dribbling down her chin. Having been totally satisfied, he pulled his now-softening cock from the hole.
I saw another cock peek through the hole on the opposite side and, pointing this out to Jan, she stood and moved to the other hole in the wall in order to pleasure this other stranger. From the length of his hard cock, Jan could tell he was in desperate need of release and devoted her time to making sure her oral talents were put to full use. She cupped his balls in her left hand as she held the base of his cock in her right, slowly lowering her mouth over his long shaft. Jan moved up and down on this stranger's cock, making sure he felt her wet tongue as she sucked him deep. Considering the guy's movement as he was being sucked by my wife, I figured he was about to cum. However, Jan removed her mouth from his cock and, whispering through the hole that she would be right back, she stood and slid her black lace panties to the floor. Lifting her dress, she leaned over with her back to the wall. Placing the head of the stranger's cock against her opening, she slowly engulfed him. Her pussy tightened around his cock as he moved inside of her. Jan matched his rhythm as she slowly moved back to meet his thrusts. He picked up his pace, fucking her in earnest, her breath coming in labored gasps...Jan's pussy stretching to take in his ever-thickening cock. Obviously, the unseen stranger was enjoying fucking my wife as much as I was enjoying watching the action, his wet cock sliding in and out of my wife, making her moan with pleasure, the sounds of sexual delight coming in grunts from the other side of the wall. Suddenly, he stopped his movement as he buried his cock deep inside of my wife. I knew, at this point, that he was releasing his load inside of her.
Jan groaned as she felt the warmth of his hot cum. Our stranger slowly slid out and plunged back in my wife's wet pussy as waves of pleasure engulfed them both. After several minutes, he pulled out and the hole in the wall return to its former state of emptiness. We could hear the rustle of jeans as our stranger got dressed. Jan picked up her panties and, as a souvenir I suppose, dropped them through the hole. She straightened her dress as we prepared to leave. This definitely was an anniversary celebration to remember and we embraced as we waited for the stranger in the neighboring booth to exit.
When we felt the coast was clear, we exited our video booth. We passed the look-like-a-bouncer guy at the register, bidding him goodnight as we headed for the door. In return, he gave us a knowing smile as he stuffed Jan's black lace panties into his pocket.