I was kneeling on the floor, my large firm breasts exposed, my shaved pussy on fully display and my stockings and garters included in the vista. My lips were softly kissing the domed raw head of Trevor, my boss' flaccid cock. I'd removed every trace of his orgasm, swallowing all of the evidence gleefully. My pussylips were open and enjoyed the atmospheric waft of air as I looked into Trevor's glazed eyes. I'd completely emptied his balls if the satisfied grin on his face was anything to go by.
My first pang of guilt hit me, alerting me to the fact that I'd just let a cock other than my husbands slid inside me and pleasure me. The sense of sexual gratification soon dissipated any feelings of guilt, replacing them instantly with a sense of excitement and lustful pleasure. I placed my lips over the head of Trevor's cock and began to suck gently. His empty balls twitched as his now growing cock throbbed. He was becoming erect as my lips and tongue went to work on his incredible cock. I was delighted that my slutty sexiness was arousing him so quickly after his Vesuvius spunk eruption. His cock was now rock hard in my mouth, as I deliberately acted the slut, sucking my boss' cock with wilful intent.
Trevor began murmuring, emanating little sexual sighs of appreciation as I performed the blowjob of my life on his epic shaft. My long taloned nails gently scraped the underside of his scrotum sac as my tongue swirled around his blue steel erection. Trevor leant over and eased my dress over my head, making me release my vacuum suction on his cock for a brief moment. Replacing my lips over his shaft, I sucked his cock gently, making deliberate slurping sounds in the process. I was now kneeling sucking his cock, wearing only my leopard print bra and thong, with my black stockings and high waisted garter belt completing my slut look.
"Come and sit on my cock and fuck me!" Trevor smiled with just the right amount of arrogance.
I removed his cock from my mouth, still holding the shaft, and placed a leg either side of his spread thighs. I could my pussy begin to open wide as I guided his impressive cock to my tight hole. The head of his cock separated my pussylips as I gasped at the heat of his cock and the excitement of the situation. I eased myself slowly down on his hard cock, savouring every inch as it slid delectably inside me. Trevor grasped my thong at the waist and snapped it one impressive move. Holding my thong up to his nose, he inhaled my scent like a bloodhound and smiled.
"It smells, tastes and feels delicious!" Then discarded my ripped thong across the floor.
Trevor looked down at my smooth shaved pussy, sliding up and down his length, feeding my unfaithful cunt with his virile manhood. I rocked my hips slowly, allowing my pussy walls to feel every ridge and throbbing vein of his masterful cock.
Trevors hands were now cupping my naked buttocks, kneading the firm flesh as I rode his cock. His masculine fingers spread out on my buttocks as he slid the tips of his index fingers toward my asshole. The tips of both fingers slowly circled my rosebud, agitating the sensitive flesh wonderfully, increasing my arousal tenfold. I rocked my hips with a little more fervent, panting at the majestic pleasure his cock was providing.
"Fuck me boss!" I panted subserviently "Make me your cheating married cum slut!" I uttered.
Trevors lips covered mine as we kissed passionately and breathlessly. His tongue slithered onto mine as I responded, our tongues wriggling like mating snakes. With his cock deep inside me, his fingers stimulating my asshole and our tongues deep in each other's mouths, we could not be much closer if we tried. My orgasm began to increase tempo until it burst through my entire being in one huge crescendo. Just as my orgasm hit, Trevor slid one finger inside my asshole. The sense of pain and pleasure was overwhelming as my pussy gushed female ejaculate up his taut flat stomach. I was somewhat shocked at my squirting as this was not an everyday occurrence, but then again having someone other than my husbands cock fucking me so wildly is not an everyday occurrence either, or it may become so if this is anything to go by.
"Shall I come inside you?" Trevor asked considerately.
"I want to taste you again!" I moaned throatily.
"Savana you nasty slut!" Trevor smiled "I'm going to come!"
I jumped off his hard cock, grabbed the base gently and knelt before him, offering my mouth to his cock to empty inside for the second time today. I slipped my lips tenderly over the exploding head as spurt after spurt of thick creamy spunk emptied into eager mouth. He produced as much spunk if not more than his first orgasm, as I hungrily devoured every drop.
I could feel his testicles rotating inside his scrotum sac as he emptied into my mouth. Slurping away at his depleting erection, I ensured that every drop was swallowed. The desensitising of his cock was almost complete as I removed the semi erect member from my lips. Still holding the base of his shaft, I slapped his cock against my cheek, smiling at him as I performed my little porno act for him.
I stood up off the floor and placed my lingerie clad body on his lap and kissed him softly. His tongue ran along the shape of my lips as he enjoyed the taste of his orgasm on my embryonic flesh. I was squirming deliberately on his lap, well aware that we would not fuck anymore this evening, but that I would savour the memory and give my husband the fuck of his life.
Not a trace of guilt was in my psyche as I kissed my boss sexily. His hands began to play with my sexually aching breasts, teasing and twisting my erect nipples with the perfect balance of pain and pleasure.
"I want to fuck you regularly!" He said almost pleading in his intent.
"I think we should fuck also, but not just in here!" I declared, making my availability to his cock a definite.
"I'll buy you some kinky sexy underwear if you wish!" He smiled then sucked my erect left nipple.
"Yes you can buy me some slut undies and you can buy me a leopard print thong like the one you ripped off my body earlier!" I smiled, nodding toward the discarded thong on the floor.
"Oh I did get rather excited!" Trevor giggled.
I smiled back at him and said.
"Sorry to end the party but I'll need to get home now to my husband!" I sighed "At least your come is my belly and not running down my legs!" I giggled as we held each other close.
"I'll drop you off!" Trevor said stroking my black stockinged thigh.
"Drop off around the corner as I'd like a little kiss and once last feel of your hard cock!" I winked and climbed off his lap.
Scooping up my dress, I slid my arms inside, rolled the black gossamer dress down my body, smoothing it back into its original position. Trevor handed me a breath mint to disguise the scent of sex on my breath, as we turned off the lights and headed out of the shop.
His car was parked in the multi storey just a few yards away from his store. Opening the door, I climbed into the passenger seat as he turned on the engine. The car eased out of the spot and out of the car park as we headed to my home, where I would be returning to my husband as a cheating unfaithful slut. And I didn't feel an ounce of guilt!