A day or so after New Year 2015 James and I went to a national park to a place where we knew had a great view. We explored the area and I had a few changes of outfits with me.
If you've read my other submissions you'd know that I love wearing revealing outfits in public. It's such a turn on when I catch other men checking me out or when my boobs pop out of my top or my butt cheeks are on show.
Anyway on this occasion I had on a white semi-sheer singlet and short shorts. In the sunlight my dark nipples were clearly visible.
I'm quite slim, with a small waist. My breasts are my best feature as they're a B cup but incredibly perky, hence I rarely wear a bra. My nipples are always hard and prominent. Closely followed is my ass which I keep toned through working out 5 times a week. Despite a small waist I've got a quite a thick butt which fills out my shorts or jeans and often draws men's attention.
We parked and walked to the lookout area. The particular singlet I had on had large armholes and so I was showing a lot of sideboob! If i bent, my whole boob would be on show. I immediately noticed most of the guys look at me, or sneak a look if they were with their partners.
I started getting wet straight away knowing I was drawing so much attention. I continued walking like wearing something so revealing was the norm but noticed a numerous glances I was getting from all the men.
James and I continued exploring down some steps which led to the beach. THe beach was 15mins away and would have been quite a hike to get back up. On our way we noticed part of the cliff jutting out with a great view of the water. Part of the cliff jutted out and under that was a ledge where we could sit and be shaded from the sun.
James and I decided to have some fun there instead of making the long trek to the beach. We sat down on the ledge and it wasn't long before we were kissing.
James pulled me in close and my body immediately responded. I kised him deeply and was rewarded when his hands found my boobs. He was playing with my nipple through my singlet and I couldn't help but moan in his mouth.
We could hear people walk by above us toward the beach. It made it all the more exciting as if they had ventured a little bit further, they would have a clear view of us.
Wanting to show James a new jumpsuit I'd gotten I decided to change right there and then. James got up and made sure the coast was clear. He gave me a nod and I pulled the singlet above my head and slid the shorts off. If you've read my other stories, you'd know when we go on our adventures I never have a bra or panties on. Here I was, totally naked in such an open area. There was a significant level of risk involved and it was driving me crazy! My pussy was on fire!
I stood up and modeled for James.
"Do you like what you see?"
He abandoned his post and came over grabbing me around the waist and kissing me passionately. His hands groped my ass and pulled me in close. I was loving the attention he was giving me, not the mention the adrenaline running through me given I was totally naked in public.
He pushed me away and tweaked both nipples and gave me another good look over. I loved feeling his eyes on me, he was lusting after me and it made me feel incredibly sexy.
It had only been a few minutes but I felt like I'd been naked a lot longer. I was worried that someone might catch me but was that really such a bad thing? Part of me wanted to push my luck but I reluctantly decided to put the jumpsuit on.
The jumpsuit is a regular jumpsuit but it was very lose at the bottom. It was almost like a dress. Once it was on I stood up straight and awaited James to manhandle me again. He didn't disappoint. The holes for my legs were large so James could very easily get his hands up and was soon grabbing my naked ass. He even pulled both holes to one side and most of my ass was on show again.
We eventually sat down and snacked on a few items we brought along. Before long James was horny again and he and I figured out that I could put the straps of the jumpsuit to one side so one boob could come free. So I sat there, my left boob totally out, James's fingers lightly teasing my nipple and looking out at the beautiful view.
It wasn't long before James was sucking on my exposed nipple and I was moaning. His fingers found my very wet pussy and gently teased my clit, then pulled away.
"Urrrghhhh!"
I was so frustrated. I wanted to come but he wasn't going to make me. Every so often he would tease my clit and go on just that little bit longer, each time giving me hope he'd let me cum and each time, destroying it. Despite being frustrated, I was really enjoying being horny and having our fun drag out.
"I can't take it anymore babe, I need to taste you!"
He positioned me on the edge of the ledge and he jumped down to some rocks below. His face was now in line with my pussy. Given there was so much room, he easily pulled the jumpsuit to one side and was tonguing my cunt! It felt incredible to be finally getting some release. He's so good at licking pussy and he expertly kissed my clit, knowing it really gets me going. After some passionate kissing, he spread my lips apart and started licking my clit.
I couldn't hold it in and started moaning out loud. I didn't care who heard me, I couldn't help myself. Oh I'd forgot to add that James had unzipped my jumpsuit so I was basically naked. One boob was out, my entire back was exposed, my pussy was exposed and he was going to town on my cunt. I can't describe how much of a turn on it is to have your pussy expertly licked when naked, or almost naked in public. The thought of being caught crossed my mind but it made me hornier!
James suddenly stopped and climbed back up next to me. He kissed me and I kissed back passionately. His fingers continued teasing my clit as he started whispering scenarios in my ear.
"Do you wish there was a guy standing on the rock below?"
"Mmhmmmmm," was all I could muster.
"And another guy standing right next to you jerking his cock off looking at you? Would you take his cock in your hand and jerk it off for him?"
"Mhmmmmm." We had never swung but I was so horny I knew that if there was another hot guy watching me, I'd jerk him off as James continued playing with my pussy.
"Do you wish I was licking your pussy and a guy was on either side of you with their cocks out, ready to be sucked and jerked off?"
I hadn't thought about sucking another cock but in my turned on state, yes, I wanted that! I wanted a guy or two to be looking at me, lusting after me. I wanted to feel their hard cocks in my hand knowing they were hard looking at me.
Suddenly we heard noises and he pulled away. I wanted to cover but it would have been too obvious. So I pretended like nothing was wrong and sat there. James was mostly covering me but my jumpsuit was unzipped and my left boob was still out. I was going to put my boob back in but James shook his head.
Two men were standing only a few metres from us talking and taking pictures of the scenery. It felt incredibly naughty to be so exposed with two men so close to me. After a few minutes they left and as soon as they were out of site my legs were spread, jumpsuit pulled to one side and James's fingers playing with my clit.
I kissed James hard, the thought of multiple guys watching me, their hard cocks in my face running through my mind. I was desperate to cum!!
Once again James jumped down, ready to lick my soaking wet pussy.
"Imagine a cock on either side babe, imagine you were jerking them off while I licked you."
As that image was running through my mind he started flicking my clit with his tongue. I was really getting into this scenario. All I could think about was how risky this was. I was basically naked, there was so little covering me. My pussy was exposed, my back, my boobs were out and James was between my legs licking my wet aching clit. It was so hot!
Of course, James wasn't going to let me cum and within a minute he had stopped and was next to me, kissing me and caressing my boobs. Once again we heard voices and we quickly stopped. I didn't have time to cover up fully and my left boob was out and zip not done up so I was feeling very exposed as an older couple were once more, only a few metres from us taking pictures of the scenic view.
"Take off your clothes," he instructed.
A little part of me said no, it's too dangerous but I was so horny that my lust for his cock took over. I quickly shed the jumpsuit which involved basically standing up and letting it drop down since it was already unzipped and not really covering much. Now totally naked in public, I stood up and let James feast his eyes on my body.
He dropped down below again and started sucking my clit. Now I was totally naked with no one to block the view if people came out way. I was totally exposed in every possible way with James licking my cunt. James jumped back up next to me, kissed me and knowing I needed more, slide two fingers inside my cunt. He fingered me slowly at first but soon was really ploughing into me. I couldn't help it, nor did I care who heard and I was moaning out loud like I do when we're alone in the house. There would be no hiding what we were doing if someone even came remotely close to our location. I couldn't help but moan, I had been so horny for so long and I was finally being fingered!
I reached for James's cock but he pushed me away.
"Stand up babe."
He wrapped his strong arms around me. Kissing me deeply, he firmly massaged my ass making me moan in his mouth. My right hand found his rock hard cock straining against his shorts. I felt it through his shorts, moaning in anticipation at finally tasting it. James's hands now found my aching tits and groped me, teasing my nipples as I continued kissing him passionately.
I dropped to my knees and unzipped James's shorts and finally pulled his cock free. I wrapped my right hand around his cock and wasted no time. I took his cock in my mouth and started bobbing up and down, making it nice and wet, just the way he likes it. He moaned which encouraged me more. I took his whole cock in my mouth, slightly gagging. I pulled back up for air, then engulfed it again. I started stroking his cock with my hand while my lips were wrapped around the head ensuring his cock stayed nice and wet.
I pulled back looking up at him. His eyes were closed which meant he was enjoying himself. Knowing he was turned on made me hornier and I started jerking his off hard. I wanted him to cum all over my tits. Every so often take his cock and bob up and down, then jerk him off, then bob up and down and repeat the process.
"Stand up babe and lean against the ledge," he instructed.
I did as I was told. I think I knew where the situation was headed and I wanted it bad! I leant against the ledge, now looking at the stairs from the top of the lookout where people would walk down to get to the beach. The coast was clear, not that James was concerned. I soon felt what I'd been wanting to feel for the last hour. He spread my legs and I felt his beautiful cock rub against my pussy. He grabbed my waist and started moving his hips back and forth. As he did his cock rubbed against my pussy lips and clit. We had to be careful to ensure he didn't fall over but soon he was really grinding his cock against my pussy and I was moaning again.
I couldn't help but moan, I mean I was naked in public with his cock rubbing my clit. I've been naked in public before but this was one of the more extreme situations. If anyone were to come up from the beach or down from the lookout and we didn't notice them early enough, there would be no hiding what we were doing.
Luckily for us no one did catch us. James spun me around and kissed me as I felt his hard cock, coated with my pussy juices poking into my stomach. With that I put on my see through singlet, shorts and we were off.
As we got to the lookout and walked to the car we noticed a car coming towards us in the distance. Not wanting to miss an opportunity I pulled a nipple out and continued walking to the car. I pretended like I had no clue that my nipple was exposed. I don't know if the guy in the car realised but hopefully he got a good look.
As always, please send us feedback if you enjoyed the experience. If you're a couple and also enjoy exhibitionism, or want to trade some pictures or skype, let us know.
Hope you enjoyed reading this as much as I enjoyed living it out!